Rhodey stiffened slightly behind him and Steve gave him a questioning look. Then Tony straightened his shoulders. "Friday is turned off in here."
"Good morning to you, too," Tony replied and looked up from his work briefly. Steve had running clothes and wet hair. "Have to stay in shape?"
"Me neither," Steve whispered back.
At first, it sounded like a noise and Tony wanted to tell Friday that she should undo the last change immediately, but then a window opened on Tony's desktop and showed a black image. Startled, he breathed.
Steve quickly threw his shield to relieve Bucky. One of the creatures instantly fell to the ground, but Steve didn’t care; he was thinking about how to somehow kill the brain.
Again, the pressure built in his chest and Tony clenched his hands into fists. "That damned piece ..." he heard Steve mumble, continuing to read on his smartphone.
The picture flashed on a huge flying object in the air, which looked almost like one of the helicarriers on which Tony got together with the Avengers for the first time.
"But she didn’t really know why. She was apparently drunk and had taken a long time on the way back to her home, so she couldn’t explain it. When she got home she painted and did not realize until the next day what was on her sheet. At least that's what she wrote under her post."
And he was alone. His mother’s cry echoed in his head.
"What are you thinking about, huh?" Steve asked at that moment, finally pulling him out of his thoughts. Still, the two stood in front of the elevator, in a tight embrace, and Tony did not really want to leave. He shook his head and turned away from Steve, only to take his hand and pull him to the couch, where he snuggled up against him.
Tony could hear the grin in the man's voice. He felt how he was slowly losing control of his emotions; how tears slowly crept into his eyes, which he quickly blinked away. He couldn’t have Pepper.
"You know what I mean," he said at that moment. "The months before, you wanted to hide your problems but kept talking. Rogers here and Rogers there. I wanted you to know it before it comes to an end." Now Tony finally stiffened. Barnes turned to him with his mouth open, or perhaps to Steve, who could not move beside him either. Tony could only stare at the couch in front of him, he did not want to look at the other man. His mouth escaped something like a whimper. He took a deep breath. That was not allowed to happen now. It was not allowed to happen in general, but certainly not now. Steve was not like him, Tony knew that. And even if he always tried to persuade himself by little gestures of the other differently.
Tony shook his head. He might not be good with emotions, but he understood that much. Steve said what he meant. A sting ran through his heart as he recalled the other's face. The sadness, the pain, when he had left him.
Vision nodded understandingly. "Could he remember something? When he carried the monster away? Did something happen?"
Because the trees were so dense, Clint decided to fly over the beach and look for the people while the others were first searching in the forest.
Wilson's voice sounded resigned and frustrated before continuing. "We were surprised by a storm and a cold snap and then attacked by unknown soldiers. All signals have gone down so far, Agent Anne Miller is badly injured, but we no longer have any medical aid packages. I repeat, we have no-" the sound broke off again and for a few seconds nothing was to be heard. The camera seemed to have stopped because the different tones of blacks no longer moved over the screen as they did before.
My holidays are nearly over, so I'm back with a new chapter. Since this is so short I'll update another one tomorrow or Sunday. I hope you enjoy! Thanks for the kudos!
"Three," she answered curtly.
"Ah," he started painfully. "This thing’s hard to defeat."
"Shit," Tony swore and he also clearly felt the tension of Steve behind him. Suddenly the picture moved again and a bright light opened. The camera took a moment to adjust to the new lighting conditions before one could see that Scott Lang was holding a match in his fingers. They were still in their suits, which was once a good signal, but then Tony saw why the light was turned on. The camera was held on a young woman whose nose was obviously suffering from severe frostbite. She had scratches all over her face but slowly raised her arm. A wound had been provisionally attached to a blood-soaked cloth, but Tony could guess what it would look like underneath. Steve passed his hand over his head. As a former soldier, he had already seen enough of such injuries and knew that in the cold and without aids such a huge wound on the forearm could quickly be life-threatening.
"So, there are people who can communicate with these beings?" Tony summarized. "And you saw one of them. And this thing did not come alone, judging for the footsteps, dozens of them were on the spot. They had an order. Do you know where the creatures came from or what the men looked like?"
Then Burkwill answered in a cold voice. "I want Stark to suffer. I want him to suffer as much as I did. I want him to leave loved ones when he comes to me. And then I will use his technology to end the war in the Middle East."
Only then did Tony realize that tears had once again left his eyes and he turned to Steve. Strong arms embraced him and pulled him as close to the soldier as possible.
Tony searched for something else. He knew he had to focus on something like this during such panic attacks. His gaze went down the hall, right across the room from the elevator. Normally Natalie would sit there, a corpulent woman, but with a huge heart. Tony had once seen her son at a high school event promoting a college. The woman often spoke of her child, her precious, who was now alone in life and soon would be twenty-five. Tony had often been able to talk to Natalie over the past few months, albeit sometimes over trivial things. He had come to appreciate her very much. Now she was not there, and Tony was very grateful that she had not watched his little uprising panic attack. He did not know what it was, but with his hand, he continued to run over his neck, and his nose scratched hard.
"Fuck," Tony finally mumbled. He probably has never felt so helpless. His own feelings of guilt were forgotten and the pain, too. Tony did not want to know how Steve had felt the last few hours, with his best friend in surgery and in mortal danger. And yet he had been sitting here when he woke up. Strangely enough, Tony felt proud and felt a feeling he had not allowed for ages: love.
James lifted his remaining arm reassuringly. "Stark will get his revenge. But would the death of your wife really be avenged if Stark had had a quick death? Before he could fully understand that he would be getting shot, he would already be dead. It wouldn’t be fair. Stark has to feel more pain."
"What are you going to do now?" Steve asked Tony.
They were again a team, not teenagers going through a relationship crisis. He quickly passed his hand over his tired eyes and climbed into the elevator.
Meanwhile, Steve stood right in front of him and looked at him. Tony turned his eyes to the floor. "Sorry, because of earlier," he mumbled. Two strong hands lay on his shoulders.
Tony snorted. "Not only back then."
"He’s on it," answered Natasha immediately. Tony nodded and flew up again, after one last look at Steve and Bucky. "I'll take care of the tank," he shouted to them. "Rhodes!"
Tony listened intently and Natasha pointed to the hologram. With his hands, Tony enlarged it.
"They'll take care of it," he said to Tony. He was still annoyed at his mistake not to have told Tony in advance about his parents' death. He was aware that in the end, the situation escalated because of him.
is a little intelligent race with lots of
"Boss?"
Steve wondered and glared out of the window.
"You liked it," he grinned under the pillow.
The laptop made a cracking sound as the whispering voice of Burkwill came through the speakers.
"Of course I’ll have to! The man knew everything about us! He has a damned spy with us and a very good one, too! Friday didn’t say anything, she works just fine! He kills agents because he wants to demonstrate his power. What if he decides to take more of you? Pepper is currently alone in China, without protection! He knows that! He knew where Wilson and the others were, he knew where Zemo was, he knows all of that!"
Tony saw the horror in Steve's eyes and heard Clint whisper something that sounded like a curse. Friday switched Tony into the other's voice system just when Clint ended.
He waved his hand to Dum-E for a second chair. That would be a long night.
"You’ve got something?" Clint asked over the microphones their partners, who were searching on the ground.
For a moment it was very quiet. Then Rhodey faced Steve. "You're not the one holding the Avengers together. You're the one that made us sit here without Tony."
Nobody said that Tony was in the area, maybe he was further north, maybe he had landed in the sea, perhaps already been torn to shreds in the air. But Steve didn’t want to think about that. He had to keep looking when it was still bright outside. Earlier he had seen one of the others' planes, which was flying overhead, but right now it was further north. Apparently, the others hadn’t find him, probably they had to bring him back, to make sure he didn’t keep looking. He would like to know if Rhodes had found something, but he couldn’t lose his precious time and walk back to the street. Steve got up again; he had to move on.
"It doesn’t hurt."
Tony could not stop and choked again, but nothing left his mouth.
Now the soldier moved. He groaned briefly as he woke up in the uncomfortable situation, then let his eyes glide sleepily through the room. Only a few seconds later, Steve saw that Tony was staring at him. He immediately opened his eyes.
The soldier nodded absently and looked at the smaller one. "But Burkwill, too. He had not expected that. It's over."
A hand dropped to his shoulder and squeezed slightly. Tony did not have to look up to know that it was Steve. "Just don't do it again, okay, Tony?" Rhodey asked. Tony nodded.
"All of Stark's equipment is destroyed," Fury began, not even remotely remembering to approach the subject slowly. Steve liked it that way. "Neither SHIELD nor FRIDAY can detect or locate signals."
Steve put his hand over his eyes to shield them from the blinding sun and Natasha looked around attentively. Before turning to the old house number 73, Steve turned to the driver and thanked him. "You can drive around a bit, then the car isn’t so irritating around here. We'll call you when we need you again."
"What are we looking for?" asked Rhodey, who had not seen the exchange of views.
"No, nothing. We’ll go to the road now. Nothing’s here. Vision’s waiting on Rhodes's plane, Scott on Steve's."
"Nothing new," said another voice Tony could identify as Barnes's, "but you need to rest. You didn’t sleep at all. It neither helps Tony nor you. You too, Rhodes. Vision is coming in and stays here, nothing will happen. Both go and rest!"
"Am looking for Tony. Just like you. "
"You have to be quiet," Fury said. "But if you get into a direct fight, you just have to endure it. We will make sure that there are agents everywhere nearby you. You need fast connections, you're right, Barnes."
"Take them away and then get the
Tony nodded and felt Steve breathing exhaustedly behind him. With him, there was an extra procedure because he was considered the leader and has given help at the outbreak. The International Court of Justice had been worried about him for days and came to no conclusion.
"Sounds good. Incidentally, the kids are currently campaigning for a 'Captain America - Iron Man Cake'. Somehow a mixture. I'm curious to see if Laura can handle it that fast."
Tony had been one of his closest friends for so long. He couldn’t be dead, that wouldn’t work. He coughed, and his lungs cramped.
As the loud crash of the car against the tree pierced the silence, Tony flinched unconsciously. He was looking for a way out, but he did not find one. Then the motorbike drove back. The silent biker walked purposefully to the driver's door, just behind the smouldering, destroyed bonnet.
"Not much," Rhodey admitted. "Some of us are on missions. Scott Lang and Wilson are now in Europe, along with some agents. There have been a couple of power cuts in Norway. As here, just before the plane arrived. Natasha and Clint were traveling in the States, but are back now. The information haven’t been sufficient and-"
But there were still about a hundred meters of the deck in front of him and then he still had to somehow find a control room or perhaps a kind of power supply through the building.
Tony nodded weakly and looked down at himself. His wet T-shirt was soaked with blood, and red hands held him under his armpits. He was glad that he could at least ruin one of Burkwill's people's day, but then he heard the familiar voice behind him. "Take a deep breath, Tony, it'll be better soon."
It was a simple excuse to say that they didn’t know anything. Tony rolled his eyes. "Special agents, of course," he mumbled to himself. He took a sip of his coffee and waited for the next question.
stood behind him. The first's hand still jammed in his shoulder, stopping at least some blood leaking.
Tony started and ran a hand over his face. He had succeeded in displacing Pepper.
"Really, Friday?” Tony asked annoyed. “First you offer me coffee, and then try to moralize? By the way, you weren’t even created for that shit,” he added quietly.
"Stark's AI did not let me through," the voice with the British accent continued. A picture rebuilt and two agents jumped and drew their weapons, ready to defend. "Quiet, calm," the Briton laughed. Only the mouth with a white well-groomed beard was visible. He was smiling and straight, white teeth were flashing. "I just want to have a say as well."
Annoyed, but at the same time surprised, the mechanic blew out air.
Tony shook his head in disbelief, only to nod.
The aliens turned to face the two men in the middle of the bridge and Tony could hear a load of weapons loading as Dragenbach turned to him and tore the alien hand from his shoulder. Tony screamed and could only see blurry for a moment, but the agent dragged him along and knocked the long claw of the dead
Tony breathed heavily as he opened his eyes again and looked at the soldier.
"Certainly, it's not much more unlikely to that it would fall down further north."
And the soldiers fired with all the weapons they had.
It might not have been very smart to fly in the middle of the night, Steve had noticed, but since it was summer, the sun would have to start illuminating the area soon.
Steve and the others fought and fought, but more monsters came, until-
"The scan didn’t show much more mistakes. A cord on the neck joint is loose, but it's in an open position so that you can fix it quickly," she replied. Tony hobbled to his chair and ordered Dum-E to bring the suit to him.
They were a team again. The flight back had been quiet and Steve had noticed the looks of Rhodey on himself and Vision had observed the newcomers thoroughly, but nothing else had happened. Without big words, they all went to the living room.
"Sorry," he replied, but Pepper's voice was louder than his.
"Is somebody searching there?"
or is it
"He has done a couple of yards alone today. No help whatsoever!", his eyes sparkled with the tale and Tony buried his head in the shoulder of the bigger one. He was glad to see his boyfriend that happy. "And he thinks your idea of getting dinner is very good, Tony. He is very happy to be invited."
Tony stared dumbfounded at the mouth, which seemed to sneer in the middle of the room. How did the man know that? Fury stared dumbfounded at the mechanic. He had been able to bypass the safety precautions and nobody had noticed anything.
"I want you with me as a gift for my son. He will be thirty years in six days. I expect you here or your friends meet my children in heaven.”
Often he still saw the wormhole or the fight with Steve and Barnes. It hurt, but when he saw his parents, he always remembered his childhood. All the things he'd buried so well in the last years.
"Because we do it," he explained and was quiet. Cameras click. He waited a bit before continue talking. "Because we have protected you all from catastrophes and it’s our job to keep doing that. And yes, we’ve made mistakes."
"We should leave that to ourselves before the others think you should really hand me over," Tony mumbled, sniffling and smiling at the same time, at Steve.
"The motto of the MIT, in Boston. And then the path."
"Fine," Tony said. "Then we have three cities. And in one of them could be Zemo and the others. This doesn’t say anything about the exact whereabouts or whether we find the psychopath there. What's the plan you're all talking about here?"
Silence descended across the room. These people needed their time to understand his carefully thought-out plan. James was only too happy to give them to them.
"Friday," Tony said again, this time slowly. "Turn this off."
Tony, too, was cold, though he had been in the armor all the time. "Here," he mumbled and pulled off his jacket, which he immediately put over Pepper's quivering shoulders. His black T-shirt stuck to his body due to the water.
"If you can think of anything about these creatures, please contact this address," Steve explained, handing her a card. This conversation was over, the woman could not tell them anymore. She nodded as she looked at the map and stood up, Tony doing it to her.
"Until you're back."
Natasha and Steve both could not help grinning. "I suppose Friday is already analysing?" The soldier asked and Tony nodded in response.
Images of his shield striking something Steve couldn’t see came over him. A scream and the pain that the creature that was hit by his shield must have felt.
After getting dressed, he walked slowly in the direction of the elevator. As Tony had expected, it was quiet in the corridor. It was just before seven in the morning, the other Avengers had returned only five hours ago. But Tony was busy. An army of monsters rarely came just like that, somebody had to be behind it. The elevator brought him to the floor where the large kitchen and living area were. The inventor had insisted during the renovation that the team would have a large common room so they could work together more closely. He snorted sarcastically.
"It's okay," she answered. "See you tomorrow."
Tony could look out of his hiding place to Burkwill and saw that he was talking madly into the air. As if the man was completely crazy since the Avengers were here. "And then I find out that your friend plans and co-organizes the return of the other Avengers all the time. Why? Because he wanted to save you, Stark. Says you are lost without your team. So, I make sure he has to work for me, otherwise, you're dead. I could have killed you. Over Tom's River, in the cave, in your sickbed, in your workshop. I gave you more weeks than I originally intended. And how does Vision thank me? Gives you information that you are not supposed to get, endangers the whole plan, even does not seem to be able to bring the other Avengers to sleep!"
"The other Avengers who are still in New York. Steve, Barnes, Natasha, Clint, Wanda and me. And Fury. By the way, he made a very special appearance when you were gone."
"He's been giving information to Burkwill all along," Tony told Steve, knowing that the others could all overhear him via intercom. "He has the whole time - I could have known it. I created him, shit."
When the music was completely silent, Steve addressed the mechanic. He was pale and swallowed. "Tony? Tony? Did you see something? Hey, watch out, we'll get- "
"Pardon?" Burkwill asked with raised eyebrows.
Tony groaned in frustration. He could not believe that Burkwill had his eyes everywhere. He saw that Clint angrily looked at his comrades as if they were the reason the man knew everything again. Steve turned around as if to see if he could find a drone outside the window. But then it got worse, and Tony hung his head in agony.
He caught a glimpse of an airplane that looked like one he had designed himself. Clearly, it had to be one of his aviators, after all, he had spent a lot of time and energy developing the best form of them, but it was gone so quickly that Tony was sure he had imagined it.
"If I got him out, he wouldn’t be here anymore," Tony blurted, sounding more aggressive than it should.
Steve had been watching the photos on different screens all the time, trying to figure out where these creatures came from, using the files and what they knew. He had read quite a few reports.
He spit out the name of the company as if it was poison. Tony's blood rushed into his ears. He did not sell weapons anymore and for a good reason. It's been a long time since he set his company on a new course. But not twenty-four years. His tongue felt thick and furry when he wanted to say something.
"Laura is currently preparing the guestroom with the children. She has to get out of here."
"Thank you for the reminder of the time."
The white walls with the few black, yet fashionable aspects did not attract his attention after all this time. His eyes clung to the left edge of his big table. The three pictures of his children and his wife were in good hands in the golden frame. Jannik, his youngest son, five years old, grinned happily at the camera. In the background of the picture, one could even see Ellen, the nine-year-old daughter sitting on the swing. She had her own frame right next to it. As so often, James had caught her playing the oboe as he shot the photo. She smiled discreetly into the camera when she saw her father. And then there was the last picture. His wife, for so many years. The brown eyes both Ellen and Jannik must have inherited from her, shone with joy.
Steve nodded as he pulled Tony closer. The mechanic could hear his heart beating fast and it made him even more angry with Burkwill. "You really want to go, don't you, Tony?"
For some time now they were fighting the aliens; Steve couldn’t even estimate how long it was going on.
"When does he say something about the attack?" someone shouted from the audience.
"Yes," interrupted the mechanic. "Now you’ve got your answer, so hurry up. I don’t have much time. You know, there are aliens out there who just wanted to attack a metropolis. I'm kind of busy."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I just wanted to protect you," he explained, but Tony waved. "There's time for that later." Tony saw a gaping wound on the neck of Vision and wondered how much the Android could endure.
At least he could feel it all, he thought grimly as the pain moved from his toe into his calf. He tried to move his aching legs, but they obeyed neither. He felt panic when he couldn’t move, and his breathing went even faster. The stinging pain ran through his chest again and a peal of pain left his mouth.
Clint focused on flying, only occasionally throwing a few sidelong glances at his two colleagues. He knew the two were very worried. Even Bucky, who was always very closed up in their time together, showed emotions. When they fled together, Clint always considered the strange man to be an emotionless wreck who only communicated with others, if at all, in a few words. But while he had exchanged only a few words a day with Bucky - and he was already on top of the list of frequent callers - he and Steve had often been in the conversation for hours. Although Clint had rarely overheard them, it was obvious that Steve was the only person in Bucky's life who could gain a lot of trust. And now that person was gone.
The quick switches in the person of viewing will end soon. The better chapters aren't that long away anymore and than it will be mostly just one perspective. Also, this whole part with the pain and stuff won't take too long and we'll go forward in the story. Might even meet that person from the prologue again.
"He’s... he’s in his lab. As always. He didn’t feel ready to fight. He says he's going to hinder us", Rhodey said cautiously, but with a clearly audible reproach in his voice.
"Maybe they discuss their issues?" Scott Lang asked from the couch where he had just analysed video footage of the attack.
"Friday, record that. And send it to anyone you can reach, right now!"
The Russian woman was staring intently at a tablet in her hand. "What are you waiting for?"
Tony could imagine Clint staring intently at the report Barnes must have given him. Steve took a breath behind him and Tony wrinkled his nose.
as it was over Tom's River. Only a conspecific. They all look alike, which sometimes makes it hard for people to tell them apart."
"Yes?", a woman asked.
Tony was still staring at the spot where Burkwill's face has just been visible. His mouth was dry as he thought again about the words he had heard.
"Vision, why?" he asked in a strangled voice.
His rib was tugging and he could not resist a small grimace that said he was hurting again.
"Yes, yes. You get him, and then he fights for you and you all attack us. No. No, Stark, things are different now." Suddenly the man had calmed down again. Out of the mad laugh, a scheming smile had formed. "Do you think I'm that stupid?"
"Is there something you want to talk about?" she asked, without expecting an answer.
Tony's mouth opened and all his blood flowed from his head. Again, it felt like all his organs were sliding down his body. "No, not really. Unless," Burkwill grinned, "your name is James Burkwill and you have a lot of power and knowledge. But don’t worry, we have made sure that nothing happens to you. Did not you sometimes have a strange feeling in your throat? Probably consequences of our little test that Vision had performed."
Steve stared at him calmly. In a low voice, he asked, "Who do you want to shoot with that gun," and pointed to the pistol, which was still aimed to his chest.
Again he entered a password and the armored glass door to the workshop opened quietly. The moment Tony entered the shop, more lights went on, showing the chaos even more clearly. Quietly whirring, Dum-E welcomed him.
Not a single sharp piece of metal was in his reach, he had thrown everything away. Probably as a precaution, but he hated himself for it now. He would like nothing better than a quick, painless end. He did not want to die of thirst or blood loss. He hated the furry feeling in his mouth and he hated the headaches that got worse with every passing minute.
"Show me Mrs. Potts, Mr. Lang, Wilson, Dragenbach, and Khatib," he answered instead, just a little louder. He was still staring at the man's hair in front of him, avoiding his eyes. Burkwill laughed. "Immediately. But don't you think it would be polite to look at me when you talk to me, Stark? As a small excuse for what you did."
"Also", Clint added, "we have to find a bigger thing. The brain. If we kill it, we can kill everyone with it."
Tony nodded without noticing. It was true, the man had everything planned. He must have wanted them to come to this conclusion, otherwise, he could have had the live broadcast played from another location. He wanted to test them, wanted to press them.
"There was rumour you weren't allowed to search for him. What happened to that? Did the US lose control about y'all already?" another man asked. He had a strong southern accent and already seemed to be unfriendly. "How are we supposed to
He himself took the floor. "The
"Shortly."
Tony still felt the blood dripping from his nose and lips and from his temple. He had to offer a gruesome sight. Nevertheless, he nodded weakly. "Leave the hand in your shoulder. I don’t want you to complain anymore how bad you are. Your little friend will feel better soon. Are you satisfied now?"
"Too much, probably," Tony answered truthfully. "Did you know that Laura Barton's cake looks like it's priced?"
He felt the laughter, the whole thorax of the bigger one shook.
"We will find him and then make a plan together. You, me, Natasha, Rhodey, Clint, Wanda, Vision, Fury. Bucky," Steve whispered so softly that Tony had to prick his ears. Carefully, as if it could break, Steve took Tony's bleeding hand in his and slowly wrapped the bandage around. Only gradually did Tony's tug go off, and when Steve spoke again, the mechanic collapsed in his arms. "We can do it together."
Thanks for the Kudos and the comments!
Tony felt the grip on his arm loosen slightly as Steve processed the information. Tony's mouth opened again. The son of the man had died twenty-four years ago.
"When I came back from the river to where I hid the day before, all the tracks were already buried under the snow, so I could not figure out where they came from. And I did not really see the men. One, the younger one, was wearing too big clothings and a black hat. He was black, but as I said, I could not assign the accent. The other wore a suit, that was all I could see. The accent reminded me of the British people, but what do I know. He was a little smaller than the younger and less sporty, but almost a bit ... more powerful built. He had grey hair, but I could not see more in that little light."
She wiped her hair off her face and glanced at Clint who then stood up to get out of the room. The other Avengers followed.
Tony pulled down the corners of his mouth and nodded approvingly, though Clint could not see it, of course. He heard more and more loud clapping from the audience. That was really why they were needed. Clint had understood.
Tony put his head back briefly. Pepper meant it really well, but she seemed to think the Avengers business would not be a permanent job, even if she knew it from personal experience.
He also talked to Rhodey, Natasha or Vision, but about trivial things so they could think he was fine. He had put Rhodey in enough difficult situations, he did not want to complicate matters further with his problems. Natasha had already had enough problems to return to the United States and Tony did not believe that the way they had irritated each other, at least for the first few days, was a sign that she could be treated with the burden of his own problems. Often, she went away from the headquarter, to do whatever it was she was doing. But when she was there, she always seriously tried to help Tony, but he did not want to pull her to his side, where it had worked so little last time.
"What do you want?" Fury asked again. "Friday!" he turned to the AI this time. She still did not react.
The other man laughed, somewhere between relief and surprise, then heaved him up. Black dots formed in Tony's field of vision and only then could he feel the other arm holding him. Natasha and Steve dragged him to a helicopter that was landing. Tony limped alongside, but could hardly stand on his feet. He was looking for Rhodey.
"Captain," Iron Man landed next to Steve. The mechanic's apathetic voice hurt him, but he was too speechless to answer.
Steve had to get inside the ship.
Only after a moment did he realize that he was just under the bridge, bullets landed close to him and someone pushed him down again. Somewhere a man screamed and the shelling stopped for a moment, only then did Tony's perception clear up. Dragenbach knelt beside him on the shore and loaded a weapon that he must have picked up from the ground, and a shadow danced with a shield. Tony coughed and blinked again to clear his mind.
"Would you like something to drink?", She pointed to the table next to Tony and the four glasses that stood on it. Next to it a bottle of cheap wine. Tony wondered who was drinking something like this out of normal glasses, but nodded anyway and poured himself and the woman something. Steve and Natasha did not want anything.
The silence that spread was even worse than the one before it. Burkwill had made a mistake. Vision would not ask him for a second chance. Vision had taken the second chance and played it out. He was not here anymore. Tony swallowed. In the corner of his eye, he could see Wanda turning away and putting a hand to her mouth. Still, he could hear the murmur that left her mouth. For a moment his gaze was fixed on the girl, who had lost so much in the last few years, but then Burkwill went on.
(See the end of the chapter for
"We announced ourselves. Which floor should we go to?"
I really hope you enjoy this story.
But he did not want to sleep at all, never again. The nightmares became worse, and even though he would never admit it, not even to Pepper, if that was going to stay so for a long time, the great Anthony Edward Stark would perish.
For the first time in a long while, Tony came to rest.
Steve had often seen the City Hall in New York, but never so crowded. Hundreds of reporters and spectators gathered in front of the building and filmed and photographed the incoming private plane greedy. Not only were the Avengers in there, but it was also unusual to get a permit to fly over the city.
"Do you think she’ll be able to help?" Tony asked.
He clapped his hand over his face. Maybe it was going too fast in the right direction, maybe he should have foreseen it. He was tired. So tired.
Steve opened a door that looked suspiciously important. A dead creature laid in front of it, which perhaps had kept watch. When he entered the room, he looked at countless electrical devices, all of them blinking and beeping. Tony would feel comfortable in here, he thought, feeling a stab in his chest.
The rustling stopped short, then Tony's friend broke out of a shrubbery. "Steve?" He asked in surprise, dropping a gun. "What are you doing here?"
The forest was sparsely lit by the lantern. The only sound that could be heard was the ever louder getting sound of the engine of an old car. The silence was overwhelming, especially because the observer knew exactly what would happen.
"Boss?" Friday brought him back. "There is something in the files about handwritten notes on the ship. In Persian."
Far from it was the main building of the flying ship. The large complex, which was built of grey steel, was littered with antennas and other equipment.
"Stop," he screamed suddenly, so loud that everyone heard it. For a moment, Tony stopped running, but Steve grabbed him and pulled him into safe hiding. "I have Vision," Burkwill continued. "Lay down your arms, or he dies."
Somehow they had to bring the ship under their control. If they were able to take control, they could at least avert the danger from the vast city of Philadelphia.
"I'm not stupid, Rhodes. You can be the babysitter, if you want. But then please bring me my food and everything, too."
have vividly presented it." He paused to let the words work. Tony's chest rose quickly. Now they had the proof: The stranger had contact with the alien race and damn, Tony thought, they even had a name.
failed, people are scared."
"East Harlem," Natasha explained. "A district of Manhattan, north of the central park. A rundown area."
"What? How...," he stammered slowly to himself.
Dum-E came humming softly in his gripping arm, he held a bandage, which Steve took thankfully. He let out a quiet breath but clearly tried to hide it from Tony.
betrayed everyone?
At that moment Tony heard heavy footsteps running down the stairs. "You damned, fucking lucky man! You could damn well have died!"
But Tony did not look for it. His eyes fell on Steve and Bucky, who were frantically seeking better cover. Aliens were coming from everywhere, probably fifty more than before. Not only the two soldiers were encircled, but the other Avengers as well. From every corner of the park, monsters rushed in, roaring and shouting and beating their claws and throwing stones at the Avengers.
"He was detained in a high-security prison; how could that happen?" Tony asked Steve.
In the end, Burkwill sounded like a little kid. "Oh, just a second before I let your friends come. O
Although extra-large windows adorned the walls, the dark blinds made little light fall into the room, giving the man's appearance a dangerous look. Leaning in his chair, the fifty-eight-year-old was awaiting the report. The remaining three fingers on his left hand drummed the melody of Mozart's "Little Night Music" onto the cold leather of the black armchair. As James Burkwill waited for his mediator, his gaze swept through the circular room.
Only once had the silence been broken.
"The tree," Pepper whispered weakly, just loud enough for Tony to hear. "Do you really have something -"
Maria Hill took a step forward. "Once we have reasonable information, you will get them right away. You all stay here, training, searching for information if possible, but not leaving the grounds until further clarification has been received from the United Nations. You have to fight the danger when it comes back. Tony will be taken care of." Her voice sounded resigned.
"Should I help you?"
"The chemical composition of these creatures will be of little interest to you all. I can only say that there are some substances that naturally do not exist in our solar system."
The image built up in front of the two and Tony looked at it. It was a pencil drawing that showed a hilly background in portrait format and a creature with a wide-open mouth on it. It seemed to run towards the viewer. Small horns came out of the head and a liquid dripped out of the place, where ears should be. On the shoulders and chest, the body was darker, branches grew from it. In the background were coniferous trees, which were penetrated by fog and at the top of the picture Tony saw again a sickle-shaped moon.
Another man emerged from the group of followers. In the dark, Tony barely recognized the man, but he would think he came from the Middle East. The general knelt next to Pepper. Her eyes opened in a flickering panic and she looked at the man in front of her.
"It's already there," the AI replied directly and Steve smiled. Even the computer, the being without human feelings, sounded relieved that Steve wanted to search for Tony. It
"Shit," said a voice in the video. "You can’t see anything. It's too dark," the man had apparently turned his head because the voice had become quieter. For a long time the sentence echoed and also the steps of the persons could be heard. "Here is Samuel Wilson, Avenger and on behalf of SHIELD in Norway. This is a distress signal. I repeat, a distress signal."
And that was what Tony saw. He was the third to walk up the narrow wooden stairs, and a musty smell came to meet him. Wanda, who was running in front of him, coughed and put her hand over her mouth when she saw the dust. The last rays of sun fell through a skylight and showed clearly that nobody cleaned up here for years.
"Rhodey," he said, and had to stop, for a torrent of nausea came over him and he choked. Natasha and Steve made him lean forward a bit, but nothing left his empty belly.
Rhodey got up. "Even if I still want to punch Steve in the face because of his decision, he's right." He stood next to Steve but didn’t look at him. "We have to search for Tony. He needs every help he can get right now."
"You all know what can happen in an unexpected attack. The
I wish you all a wonderful weekend!
With unsure steps, she came up to him and shook his hand. "Captain America!" She cried. "Please excuse the mess. If I had known you were coming, then- "
At that moment Clint entered the room and sat down on the couch as well. He greeted them with a nod and then held up a device from the infirmary that looked similar to Tony's cell phone.
He clenched his hands into fists. They had to become a team; finding Tony was only a minor matter.
"No, it’s just bones that will be reassembled within a few days, it’s nothing, Steve, you know? Of course, it was," Tony replied with an annoyed undertone before returning to his suit, which would soon be ready. Steve was silent and Tony did not care. At least the others would think that they had more to do with each other again. That was more than no development.
Although Tony could see the dim sky on the edge of his field of vision, he could not say whether he slept for a long or a short while. He woke up often. Mostly just for a few seconds, before his body took him back to the areas of feverish dreams. He almost always saw Steve, explosions, his parents, sometimes even the wormhole back in New York.
(See the end of the chapter for
, he thought in defiance.
he thought and was not even appalled by himself about his way of speaking.
Quietly he padded through the dark room into the bathroom. It barely took him five minutes to get ready and put on his suit.
"Friday, what time is it?" he asked the AI loudly, as each had turned to him.
"How are you doing? Natasha said you are analysing the photos?"
She pointed to the photo. Her eyes focused on it, and it almost seemed like she was standing there again.
After only a few minutes - the first cup of coffee was emptied fairly quickly - Tony was completely immersed in his work. The nightmare and all other bad thoughts were pushed aside, and Tony slipped into his own world.
The director of SHIELD motioned for them to join him and waited for Natasha to arrive, who had taken a closer look at the room. The policeman stood a few feet away from the eight-man group and returned to an expressionless face.
Tony could only make a tired grunt. He was drained, but his brain was still downstairs, by his suit. The scan must have been finished by now and he could keep working, he knew that, but he had no strength.
Tony shook his head. "I’m great. Okay, I’ve been better before," he added, seeing Rhodey's admonishing expression. "You?"
Clint nodded to her. "The man wants us to find him. He knew he would leave us clues that would allow these conclusions."
,” he explained further. He could not expect them to know this, they would have to open a book for that.
His eyes went first to the kitchen, where Vision chatted quietly with Wanda. It seemed to be important because Wanda answered and gesticulated strongly. On the couch, Tony could make out Natasha, who was explaining something on the files, and Clint, listening intently whilst sitting at his chair. His gaze flickered to Tony and seemed to darken, at least briefly, then he nodded to him and drew the other's attention to him as well.
It will all be explained. At least, that's what I was trying to do. Just wait, okay?
Only for a brief moment, the two broke away, in which they whispered exactly the same thing at the same time: "I love you."
Softly he pushed it open and cool air immediately moved into the room. Tony listened for a moment, not wanting to be disturbed by somebody. The others would stop him, no matter how good his arguments were, he could not allow that. Too much depended on it now. If he could safely get Pepper out of Burkwill's clutches, she would be protected and could undo any changes Tony had previously made known. She and the other agents would be saved, and Stark Industries would continue to have nothing to do with the war. Tony was about to stretch his foot out the window when he got an idea. Quietly he crept to the dusty cupboard and pulled it open. He smiled as he saw that there was really stuff left in here. An old wool sweater hung on a hanger, already completely moth-eaten, but down in the closet were two shoes.
It was only when the car drove up that the grin went out and the three got in.
Then a metallic thump came from behind him and the creature screamed so loud that Tony's nape hair straightened up. It grabbed even tighter and Tony lost control of the muscles in his legs. For a brief moment he hung in the air, but then the blow sounded again and a muffling sound came to his ears as he fell the last few inches to the ground. His nose touched the ground first and cracked unnaturally, and then his shoulder fell on the severed hand of the monster. The alien continued to scream, and Burkwill gestured to them that they should go fast, but Tony tried to orient himself first. People were talking in confusion, and he understood nothing for a moment, but then two strong hands pulled him back to their feet and held him tight. Tony's muscles gave up, but the hands held him upright. Only slowly his vision cleared and he understood what had happened. The General was still kneeling beside Pepper, doing something, and Dragenbach watched closely, but Lang stared at Tony. With his mouth, he formed a question. "Are you okay?"
"I should -" Tony asked in surprise. Only then did he realize that the supposed rock was a suitcase that was just starting to suit him up. "What about Pepper?" He shouted in panic.
"This is Virginia Potts, unfortunately, I'm not available at the moment, please try-", Tony pushed the call away as he slid down the door and finally lost the fight against the tears.
"At least not what I've achieved. Sit down, please." Tony coughed as his chest tightened and er scratched his neck. He reached out to his chest with his hand, where the Arc reactor used to be. Steve stared at him again in horror and raised his hand to pat him on the back, but Tony shook his head coughing.
"Our mission has always been and will always be to save as many people as we can, just like we’ve done in Toms River. Like we’ve done with Anthony Stark, who was the subject of many questions."
I'm so sorry that this is so short. I think the chapters will be longer from now on.
"Oh, right, Friday," the man whispered in a deep voice. "I put her to sleep briefly. Nobody should be aware of this information here. Even though it's not much, I have to admit."
The three Avengers sat back. Tony and Steve sat side by side and Natasha sat down opposite them. Immediately the soldier looked out of the tinted windows as if he found it uncomfortable to sit next to Tony.
"Tony!" he heard Rhodey's panicky voice in his ear, but the mechanic didn’t seem to react.
Tony cuddled a little further into the soldier's arms, thinking. "In a week or two, everything should be safe enough for him to be alone here. I would not risk it right now; as I know him, he would start training for a marathon the moment I leave the compound. That does not work yet. Soon."
Then she nodded, almost understanding. Her eyes shot through the workshop and stopped somewhere behind him. She walked quickly past Tony, to the shelf where the Captain's shield was kept. She took it and then left the workshop far too quickly. He had disappointed her, hurt her. She felt the way he did the last two months and three weeks.
"They're also building wells in Africa, spotting fields or piling up schools in India, all with donations or money from their own pockets," Clint continued. "Burkwill has been behind the wheel of the organization for about twenty-three years and has really made it big. It’s always discussed if he had entered because of his children and his wife he lost."
Natasha showed her cell phone in the round. It showed a map of Boston with the red road snaking through the city. Steve exhaled audibly and Wanda nodded. "That's the same line that was on the screen," she confirmed.
"How are you? We didn’t talk yesterday after ... "
Tony heard the blood rushing to his ears as the sentence hit him like a thump. His mouth was open and he could not move as tears began to gather in his eyes. He wanted to scream because he was such an emotional wreck, but he could do nothing. For the last few months, all the last
"I had trained with a couple of agents. Friday said you haven’t eaten anything since yesterday's lunch?"
. He said that."
"According to the language code ISO – I think - 639-2 it’s Persian and two more languages?" Tony recalled.
"About forty-five minutes, sir," the AI said. Tony nodded. Definitely faster than a normal plane, he thought. It took less than two minutes and all the Avengers were fully suited on the plane. Only Rhodey and Tony did suit up.
I do not know how it will end. Will you kill me? Will one of your comrades kill me? Will Vision kill me? That would be the most likely scenario. He wants to show you that he can still belong to the team. He'll probably look at you right now and hope you give him a second chance. And you will grant them, for you too are too weak not to."
Tony nodded without thinking again. That fight would cost him a lot of money again, but it was worth it. Again, his repulsors loaded and Rhodey flew around him to protect him from larger guns.
Steve had flinched and Tony had grinned before answering to the Avenger. "We can hear you."
Steve's eyes narrowed. Wasn’t that one of Tony's old planes?
"Oh-," began Vision, but then interrupted himself.
"I've been caring all the time," Steve answered truthfully. Just a couple of hours after freezing Bucky, his thoughts had wandered back to his team and Tony.
Natasha was at the cockpit and immediately steered the plane out of the hangar, but the rest of the Avengers looked at Tony expectantly. Vision almost seemed relieved and Wanda kneaded her hands uncertainly in front of her stomach. Barnes was standing behind Steve, who jumped right up when Tony and Clint entered the plane.
Steve got up jerkily. He heard Bucky turn his head and Vision follow his movements, but Steve didn’t go far.
"No. Yes. Shit."
"He knew it and then beat me nearly dead."
"Ok, I'm in control," Clint said softly.
Tony stared at him for a moment. Below him lay a man who had betrayed him and brought his friends and colleagues into an incredible danger. The people had died because Vision had not spoken earlier. Vision responded to Tony's stare and pulled himself up against the other's armor. "Take me to him," he said weakly, clinging to Tony.
When he opened his eyes, the light was burning. He immediately closed them again. He frowned and tried again. It worked.
Steve touched the back of his head with his hand. "We have to assume that they have no more injured," he said quietly.
Pepper still looked bad, but at least her wounds were now taken care of. Exhausted, she leaned against him and Tony pressed his head against hers.
He sighed. "But in the end, I still have to meet the guy on my own, otherwise it’ll be ugly for the agents."
Suddenly the doors of the elevator opened to the large room, and Steve turned around abruptly. Grimly, Fury, Hill, and another agent entered the room, whom Steve had seen before about twice. Without advocating, Fury projected a map over the glass table. Steve saw that Rhodey raised his head expectantly and Vision studied the map closely. Maria Hill looked tense and the other agent wrote something on his cell phone.
"What's that?" Lang asked immediately. Only now Tony could see a flash in the little light. "An injection?" He called. "What’s that going to be about?"
Steve could see Rhodey approaching the monster. Suddenly it made an extremely fast movement in its direction and knocked it out of the trajectory. Rhodes would have ended up in the air if Falcon had not flown behind him and caught him.
A sad smile crossed his face as he thought of what had happened. All those years, all that time, Tony Stark had been scared. Afraid of the reaction of a man whom he had despised at first because he had fallen in love with him. And now, at the end of the path, the other one told him that he felt similar.
"I don’t know. What time is it? Doesn’t matter,” he pulled his chair to the screw that Natasha had not even glanced at and picked it up.
Sam ran to him and looked at the bag. "Looks like."
, he thought to himself.
He shuddered and clawed his hands into the bed.
Tony could just feel the throb in his head.
He was an Avenger, and he could not afford to let Tony down again. What he was up to was right.
"If you need something, call, or write. And if we get more information then you'll come to the living room, otherwise, I'll have to break the door, and Van Peeters will not like that."
He teamed up with a soldier he used to be friends with seventy years ago, who was a murderer, instead of just telling Tony? How could he still feel so much for the soldier?
"I'm sorry, sir, that's not what you decide. Fury?"
Rhodey looked at his friend with raised eyebrows. "We don’t have any clues. We brought some of the bodies here. A few are being investigated, maybe we'll find something."
did not previously disable the other flying Avengers, he would have done it. Contrary to his attitude to killing strangers, he would not let any of his teammates die. The penultimate command of the
Bucky almost had to run to keep up. "Just fly fast, please."
Several hundred yards long, and about three hundred feet wide, the huge plane slowly flew over the dark, stormy sky.
"Your mind has already figured out where to go. All you have to do is reach out and grab the crucial clue with your hand."
A shadow emerged from a bush and ran quickly under the bridge. Somewhere, someone dived into the water, and more and more bushes moved suddenly. Black-clad men and women positioned themselves on the other side of the river. A thunder pervaded the park and at the same time, a bright light flashed. That was not a storm, Tony knew. He did not know if it was the cold or the tiredness, but a shiver ran down his spine. He could barely see the other side of the bridge. More shadows - big shadows - gathered and the beating of a stick on stone broke the otherwise perfect silence. Then it was quiet again.
"Abbie Lopez is her name. She is thirty-six years old, lives alone in her apartment. She has been single for more than a year. She's an artist herself, even studying in New York."
The accommodation was not small, but it was not intended for eight people. When the Avengers arrived after forty-five minutes of weary silence, they hustled up the creaking stairs of the old house, on the edge of a suburb of Boston.
"There are more brains," Clint stated loudly, shooting simultaneously with arrows at the attacking smaller aliens. "The things are controlled by another one. Tony, Rhodey, can you see it?"
"Oh, yeah, there is nothing I’d rather do right now."
"SHIELD searches a number of Internet files for images that show the monsters. The FBI also scours through many files in search of answers. But we’ve got no information about these things. There were only two matches with the beings and images on the Internet."
"Because it makes more sense. You will learn about the most important reason soon enough, but only this way, the fresh love could be aroused," said the man on. Tony changed his position. He did not know what the man meant.
"There was a total mess in the jail. Power failure, a mass brawl, burglary. Now Zemo’s gone."
Tony shook his head as he realized the extent of his negligence. They were practically at war, and he'd let Pepper go to China on her own and did not keep checking where she was. Only Friday could locate her, but she would have said something, if not -
"Excuse me, boss, it was just a protective reflex. Dum-E will bring the coffee immediately. "
He froze again. He felt the blood run out of his face as he thought about the words again. With an open mouth he looked at the screen, on which the red thread was still barely to guess.
Tony could not help but sigh loudly. "So much work," he mumbled, looking at Steve. "Are you coming with me? Friday usually does not say that, if it's not important. I do not want to open Pandora's box alone."
The soldier would be coming. Of course, since talking to him yesterday, Tony had not seen him again, and Steve's conversation was certainly not pleasanter to him than to himself.
Tears of happiness formed in his eyes, which he quickly blinked away. "Tony? Tony! Stark, where are you?" he shouted as loud as he could. He didn’t care anymore if anyone else could hear him. Tony had to be here, he just had to. As if he had gotten new power, he now ran to the parts. Unbelievable joy came over him when he realized that the mechanic somehow got all the parts at the beach. He came closer and closer to a big sandstone.
Gratefully, Steve took the bottle and took a sip. "Yeah, I can. Help Natasha with Tony."
I wish you all a nice weekend!
When she found what she was looking for, she turned around.
But Clint was not deterred and shook his head. "As I know you, you might even see to it that your children are mixtures of you. Oh God, little genius athletes!"
Steve simplified the situation greatly, Tony noticed.
But Steve shook his head. Again tears came from his eyes. "He’s in surgery again. He was gone. Completely. Nobody's allowed in."
"We hadn’t had time anymore," Tony continued, trying to get a bit more into a straight position. He hated it when he looked powerless, and he definitely did in that moment. Sunk in the pillow of the huge bed and his arm in a sling. And if he looked only half as tired as he felt, he certainly would not be a big eye-catcher.
For a very brief moment, he stared at the cell phone, secretly hoping that it would suddenly light up and Steve was at the other end of the line.
Steve nodded again and swallowed. "I'll see you tonight."
Okay, so apparently I think Tuesdays are weekends, too, so here's the chapter.
"This is where Abbie Lopez was," Steve said, pointing to a point just a few miles west of the indicated location. Tony nodded. "So, we have the origin of the critters, now all we have to do is find Wilson, Lang and the other agents. Friday," he told the AI, "would you be so kind and look for possible running routes in the area? It looks very hilly. In a storm and with injured people you don’t get anywhere that fast."
"JetBlue," Fury explained then the jumble of pixels that could hardly be deciphered. "An intra-American airline that flies to Boston, Orlando, Fort Lauderdale, and New York's Kennedy airports in the east the most."
Tony was dead. Tony Stark had sacrificed himself to save them. Steve's eyes blurred and again he felt unable to move.
A human being would already be dead now, he knew that.
Steve, who said that he had known and suddenly rammed a shield into his chest, almost into his head.
She did not seem to really notice them, but went through the third door, opposite the entrance, gesturing for Natasha to follow her. Steve and Tony followed her as well and entered a small living room. A wooden table stood right next to the door and two chairs stood there. Under a window stood a small couch, which was at the same time probably the bed of the woman, because blankets and pillows lay messily on it. Cabinets lined the walls, and a few pictures, painted and photographed, covered the last vacant spaces in the room.
With one last murmured "help", Tony closed his eyes exhaustedly and was sure that he would never open them in this cave again.
"You owe your existence to us, and you betray us? You gave information to a lunatic,
Tony's eyes widened and he almost choked on himself. He did not answer, he just could not do that. "Yes, it is indeed one of your dear teammates. Of course, that person gets something back for their services."
for me? Where were you the last time you said that? When we didn’t see each other for three months? Where were you when my villa was blown up? Where were you after the Chitauri? Where have you been when I saw the video of Barnes?" Tony got angry, but Steve did not stop moving towards him. He hesitated for a moment and the mechanic could see that the other felt hurt, but then he slowly moved on towards him.
he added in his mind.
"The shield will last at least two or three hours if you do not damage the generator. It’s probably inside the tank."
"We can’t get in the car. Pepper will collapse. We must help her now. If she’s not in good shape, I won’t do shit for you if she isn't okay."
"Tony had needed you all the last fucking three months, and now that he's maybe fucking dead, you start worrying about him?" Rhodey had become louder and ran toward Steve. The weapon in his hand swung menacingly in the direction of the soldier, but when the smaller came close, Steve realized his eyes were red.
He swallowed and stood up. He had to do something. Nobody should ever feel something like him back then.
"Tony, get away," a voice whispered in Tony's ear at the same time. Steve's voice. And Tony knew that the soldier was right. Something would happen, he felt it, but he could not move his suit. "Friday, what's going on?" he asked in panic.
For the first time, Tony saw that Barnes was ashamed. He was ashamed of what he had done as Winter Soldier.
"Friday, do you have any idea where the man is from?"
Meanwhile, Fury had said goodbye to the group, and Clint was closing the laptop when a loud sound pierced the living room. Everyone listened because they knew exactly what it meant.
"Are you all right?" Tony asked again. Clint nodded and pulled his bow out again. "Everything’s great. Thanks."
, he finally told himself and straightened his head again.
I wish you a wonderful rest of the day!
"Enjoy your conference."
"We’ll avoid it. People shouldn’t panic. We can do it."
It wouldn’t bother him too much if someone found out that he had gotten out of bed against his promise, but at least he wanted to be able to work undisturbed.
The plate pulled over the whole thick body and released only a few unprotected places. At the important joints - at least for human beings - such as shoulders, elbows or the knee and in the groin area the brown skin was to be seen. "There are very few unprotected spots," Tony explained aloud. "Did you scan everything? Project it there,” Tony said, pointing to his right. Friday built up a life-size image of the being and Tony pinched his eyes in disgust.
"Excuse me for being late," another voice suddenly answered. Frowning, Tony looked at Fury. He had an agent join the high-security meeting via the internet?
"I don't know why. It was stupid. It's going to put us in danger, but I'll take care of you, okay?" He whispered back. His throat felt thick, and swallowing was hard. He remembered that, as if out of reflex, he had thrown Friday's GPS system beside the tree as he climbed down. It was still off, but he had assumed that all five people got out. Pepper knew him well enough and would definitely search the area if she got out. She would be looking for a GPS system or a cell phone. He had hoped that the five would go to safety and then call for help. He had hoped that somehow it would all be alright, in the end.
He was sure the others wanted to help, too, but he had to do it alone. Not only because he owed it to Tony also because the others should not act illegally. If only he went, the others could stay, only he would have to reckon with the consequences. They were not allowed to hear about it.
"So you know nothing. Great agent group!"
"Next time you come here, take it. You have a perfect view of the city."
It felt like the leg splint didn’t fall off as hoped but got spilt. Something stuck in his calves and for a brief moment, Tony was even glad that he could not move his legs because that would have made everything worse. He wrinkled his brow and tried to see his surroundings better. His upper body was exposed to the sun unrestrained, which was in the exact position to shine into the cave. In some places, he already felt sunburn. Whether he was sweating because of the pain or the heat, he couldn’t say. He groaned briefly. His suit had apparently dropped off in the air, which had not gone as planned either. All over the area were cables and metal plates distributed.
Noise really didn’t bother Steve. He had been at war, it had always been loud. But the reporters shouted to him and his colleagues several questions that he couldn’t understand through the constant noise, so it just annoyed him. Luckily, they didn’t have much to go, because the plane could land just next to the City Hall. Still, with so many people the journey took a long while and over time the captain felt a bit uncomfortable in front of so many cameras.
"The monsters?" Rhodey asked and Tony just nodded slightly. His mind somehow still didn’t allow him to use the word "monster" seriously, even after the attack in New York a few years ago.
"The things work exactly like a brain," Wanda told them, who had apparently captured the combat tactics of the monsters. "They all use the same movement sections."
. Tony thought of the woman who had given her life.
He felt himself on the verge of panic attack. "You!" He shouted, putting all his hatred into the voice he dedicated to his teammate. "
"Don’t know why," Steve mumbled quietly. "Excuse me, I’ve got to ..."
When Rhodey had asked about it once in a quiet moment, he just dodged the questions and blamed it on getting him so worked up that it was his fault that Rhodes could only go with help and also, so it slipped out, that he missed the presence of the others.
"I know," Tony interrupted. "We have to keep looking for the psychopath."
Both froze together as the deep voice boomed through the speakers. Slowly, Steve turned to face the screen and Tony could see the amazement in him, as he did not know what the map meant, neither.
Tony heard his heart beat in silence. "A lot of things are easy to foresee," said Burkwill in the recording. "But not the end of the 24th of July. Since I worked with Vision, I knew I could manipulate him. The Android that accidentally, as he thought, got to me, saw the chance to bring together the two warring groups. Just to save you, Stark. The information he gave me sealed either your downfall, Stark, or mine. I know that Vision never wanted me to hurt you, but his help has done just that. I know that in the end, you’ll want to save your friends - you must save them. I know that Vision will betray me, because in the end, he is weak, just like most other people on this planet. But I do not know how the fight ends. But in any case, it will come to an end."
Big and stubborn were the green-brown aliens. Her skin was made of such a solid material that it couldn’t be smashed in many places. Some monsters had horns growing out of their heads or shoulders that were sharp and dangerous.  They made roaring noises when injured or when they attacked, and it was incredibly loud on the ship. Hundreds of these creatures were running around on the deck and it seemed to be getting more and more.
Here they were. In Boston, in the city where it would probably end. A psychopath had piloted him and his comrades into this city and they had barely more than a day to find their exact location before either he, Tony or the agents and Avengers were killed or arrested.
"Everything went well, we have the support," said Peter Krum. He knew James Burkwill was not a man who talked a long time around the bush. With him, you had to get to the point quickly.
I hope all of you enjoyed this story. Thanks for reading!
Just before the doors closed, she turned back to the hologram.
When Tony woke up again, he needed a moment to realize where he was. With rising fear, he tried to move his little finger to do something. It worked. Relieved, he sighed. He could move. Slowly he opened his eyes and was immediately blinded, yet he didn’t close them. He looked around, his jaw clenched. He lay in a big room. The walls were mostly dark glass, and appliances and other equipment stood everywhere displaying a variety of numbers. The glasses on other side of the room were tinted, but Tony could still see a large park. Then he recognized the place.
"It's okay," the soldier interrupted and was silent for a moment. "Is it true?"
Tony inhaled audibly and kneaded his lips, but then he lowered his eyes and looked at the older man. Crystal blue eyes looked at him and white hair on top of it. The bushy eyebrows were already wet and drops of water were collecting in the beard. Nevertheless, the man still grinned. "Now, this is good. Thank you. Oh," he grinned like a child. "I'll have your people brought right away, by my special guest."
"Do I know where the six are?" the stranger continued. By now, the British accent annoyed Tony immensely. "That's probably the question you all ask yourself. Well, it is to be expected. You all must be sick with worry. After all, agents are missing, and much worse, Avengers. Yes, I know where the five are."
That was too much Tony. "Without you, she wouldn’t even have such pain, shut up, you mendacious, dirty piece of -"
He waited a moment. "Are you taking care of Pepper?"
Tony shook his head and glanced at Vision, who was still standing only a few yards away. "It is," he admitted. Pepper did not answer.
The floor was tiled in black and white and the walls were painted green, but here and there concrete had been smeared over broken areas. In some places, another shade of green had masked the stains, but Tony's eyes for design bristled.
Rhodey snorted and grinned at him. "As I know you, you would still break your second arm during the conference. No, you better stay here. Watch the conference on TV and if we're that bad, you'll do better next time. Today you stay here. And if you contradict I'll get that babysitter!"
He stopped because the sound of the video went on again. "And medicine. We wait for you at a safe place nearby. Over."
Burkwill had expected everything, made it into a real show. Again, a torrent of nausea came up in him, but he could swallow the feeling. His brain started working again. They had to do something unexpected. Something not even Burkwill could foresee, who seemed to know everything. Who had played a role, perhaps only for the drama.
"I didn’t think that would happen at some point," he admitted quietly.
of people are in danger."
"Pepper," Tony breathed relieved and hobbled as fast as he could to his friend. Steve let him go and the mechanic dropped down next to his friend to hug her immediately. His mouth dried again when he saw her, and tears formed in his eyes, but he could them blink back. His chest ached from the pressure that fell away from him.
"I hate you."
Sighing, Steve turned around. It was true that such information had to be kept secret, but it bothered him. He would like to go to the people who threatened the United States, and especially those who had hurt Tony so much. And if he was there, he would kill them all.
"They were travelling with a special force in Norway and Sweden. A few days ago, they messaged us from a town called Tromsø. They are apparently on the trail of a suspicious group, but they can’t promise too much. I gave the agents a strict ban on reporting via private cell phones or social networks."
"What did I say?" Burkwill was pleased and addressed some people who were still on the other side of the bridge, while Tony was still trying to fight off the alien. Someone clapped over there and the mechanic struggled against tears again.
"And Vision is ...", he finally asked, what was going on in his mind all the time. He did not finish the question. Steve would understand him.
"We haven’t received any good information about Scott Lang and Sam Wilson yet. Do you know something about them?"
The doors opened and the three Avengers went out into the hallway. Tony could not resist a small moan as his rib stabbed sharply. Steve looked worried but still did not say anything. Natasha looked at him but then walked away from them.
"Thanks," Barnes suddenly murmured next to him, startling Tony. He looked at him, studying the tired eyes on his face, framed by the brown hair that had been haunting Tony for months in his dreams. Barnes smiled slightly, but it did not reach his eyes. Tony nodded without saying anything, but it was enough to answer. Barnes turned away the moment the door opened, and Fury, Clint and three agents stormed into the room.
"We should not be allowed to help? I thought that was just a temporary decision?"
Vision had closed his eyes, he was already thinking, maybe looking for ways to find the man. Wanda was still staring at the Winter Soldier.
There was a brief silence in the room after the presentation as the attendees processed the information. "And we can be sure of that?" Wanda finally asked, her accent stronger than usual.
Rhodey shook his head. "Why you?"
"What's your name?" Tony was asked after a brief greeting from an elderly doctor.
"Steve, only a few minutes have passed since I told you there is nothing new."
He was not sure if it would be wise to search together, but if Rhodey was here, they should at least talk so they wouldn’t search the same places twice, even if the man might not want to see him. Steve could only hope that he would find him.
"Congratulations," said Burkwill's voice with the typical British accent. Again, nausea came up in Tony, but he tried to calm his breathing. "If you see this, I'm probably dead."
"He was brainwashed!" Steve intervened. Tony could clearly feel that his teammate was getting more restless. "You knew he killed people. But what you saw there wasn’t him! Not willingly."
"Oh, please. Traitor! I wouldn't call him that. Put it this way, we have a deal that will help both sides." Like an old friend, Burkwill put his remaining arm around the cold armor of Tony. He felt bad when the man pulled him slowly to the side of the bridge.
He sat down again.
Again, Tony just nodded, trying once more to pull away. His eyes fell on the suitcase, which was his armor, and still stood only a few yards away. He coughed. Water flowed into his mouth and he choked, but the coughing sensation did not stop.
"Tony, you ..." Steve started slowly. His stomach felt like he was about to vomit. "You’d die!"
"A few miles further south, sandstone formations begin to cover a wide area on the beach. You are going there to look for Tony and I stay here in the woods and look after him. That's how we can search more effectively. "
Steve raised the shield as a huge, brown fist slammed against his face. He saw Clint shooting many arrows one after the other, while to the right Bucky threw swear words at the monsters that were attacking him.
The agent gave Steve her private cell phone, which showed the news. "The
Tony had assured her that he would do it. He would try to improve. And he did not do it.
See you next weekend!
Cameras clicked wildly, Tony even heard that through the TV. He looked up in surprise. He wouldn’t have thought that the US would put a case to his teammates.
"Mind and hand?", she translated and looked at Tony. He nodded.
"You are too early," Tony greeted Burkwill, hoping that the man would even be on the other side. He still could not see anything. The rain took away his view and almost swallowed his words.
"Show yourself," he called into the brief pause the stranger put in. "We all know you no longer need braces."
One could already hear his cry of joy through the coms, but then came the explosion.
"Yeah," Tony muttered, slipping into the surprisingly comfortable shoes. He wondered if he should write a note, but then shook his head. The others would understand him, maybe not now, but soon. Carefully, Tony sat down on the window frame and suddenly felt reminded of his childhood. He used to break out of his parents' house on a regular basis, but today it was a different story. Slowly he let his shoe slide down and searched in the dark for a notch in the wall. It took time, but then he found a wooden beam sticking out of the stone. Slowly his other foot could follow and he would have fallen off almost instantaneously if he had not held onto the wooden frame of the window with his hands. He flinched when a cat munched beneath him but calmed down again.
"But a damn important gift. Burkwill, you are a man of your words. You’ll release Lang and Dragenbach. Pepper won’t do you any good if she’s dead and I won’t do anything if you kill her."
At that moment Tony knew that Burkwill had expected everything. But not someone who gave his life to protect others. The desperate cry of a man from the tank sufficed as confirmation.
He saw Vision turn to him and examine him analytically.
His hands moved quietly back to the man's head. The left hand rested on the larynx, the other wandered a little further up, right to the mouth.
Nonetheless, he curtly greeted the strangers and approached Fury and Bucky to greet them as well.
"Yes, but the suit
The mouth went a little closer to the camera as if leaning forward. "Wilson, Smith, Lang, Dragenbach and Khatib are my gift to you, Stark. You must know, my son's birthday is in six days. Thirty is such a round number. There is not a single track in the number, not a single straight line. When my son last wished something, he was six. It's hard to make presents when you have not heard anything more from your child for so long. In twenty-four years, they change so much, too. But one thing remains the same for me. A dead child does not just want flowers, it also wants revenge."
It was only when Tony was sure the drunk had run away that he stretched, and tore off a few wet leaves from the tree, which he placed carefully on his chest. His face was completely wet by now, but he did not want to put on the helmet because it shone as well. Again, Tony leaned back and turned his attention to the bridge below him. His thoughts, however, hung on Steve and the traitor, who was sitting under the same roof as the soldier.
"I did never want to hurt you, Tony. I swear to god, I never did. I just made a big mistake and even if you don't believe me, I need to say that to you. I really, never wanted to hurt you."
"The traitor," Tony stated and Burkwill opened his mouth with a pang.
"Boss, wouldn’t it be better if you’d rest, as you were told?" Friday commented on Tony's cursing attempts. But he only shook his head and answered nothing. "Dum-e, will you bring me tweezers and a test tube, please?"
"For the time being, however, the United Nations have announced that the Avengers can act as a self-sufficient team to protect nations, given that there is a presumption that the planned operation is directly related to the attack over Toms River."
"Hang on, Clint," Tony shouted, racing straight for the man. The other groaned in pain as he was pressed against the fast moving Iron Man armor, but Tony had no time to slow down. His suit slumped briefly and Clint pulled him closer, but still one of the creatures tore the archers foot down. "Fuck," he shouted.
"Any help he can get means that he can go to a place where Avengers actually live when he comes back. If you go looking for him, SHIELD and the government might have to take steps to secure the states. I'd damn you imprisoned again." Fury looked at Scott, then glanced at Clint, Sam, Wanda, Bucky, and finally Steve. "It was hard enough to save Stark from his “I-just-break-all-gear" action. We can’t get you all out of captivity again. For Tony's sake; don’t you fucking go."
"What happened?" Burkwill asked Krum, visibly satisfied.
"A lot. You really got hurt very badly."
"We haven’t got much. We can only guess approximately where the things came from. And the British poet William Julius Mickle once mentioned in a letter an alien that he described in a similar way to the monsters. Maybe they were not here for the first time, but we don’t know anything else," Steve said with a slight frustration in his voice. "Do you have any news from Scott and Sam?"
"Tony, get away," said other voices in his ear.
He waited again and just stared at him. Tony felt like he saw something like panic rising in his voice. He could see that Steve didn't feel safe next to him.
When the soldier finally got off the plane, the sun in the east just pushed over the horizon.
He could not sit here resting. He was drained, very tired and felt terribly guilty. If he still had the strength, he would go off and help the many teams that searched for Tony. Somehow. But the only orders they got from Fury, the military, and the government yet told them to stay at the headquarters. The situation with Stark was under control. They must wait.
"How many analgesics did they give to me?" He asked Steve. He felt like his brain needed time to process everything.
A red line slowly formed. A trace as if someone was painting with a pen. Slowly and delicately, the line swept up the black background before making a jerky swerve to the left, only to go straight back to its original lane. Tony shuddered when he realized it was a map.
The Android lowered his head.
or my brother or me when he was drunk. I never wanted to be like him."
Rhodey's voice sounded through the intercom, still weak, but at least he was conscious again. "I'm behind our lines and talking to the Army Commander. He wants us to direct all guns to the creature."
Slowly he put the phone back in his seat, slowly turned away from the shelf and wandered to his desk. He needed the distraction.
"Those who should’ve seen the ship. Do you know something about these people?"
Steve's gaze practically slipped through him, and Clint could tell he had not drunk enough. "Here," he threw the water bottle at him. "We go home. Can you walk?"
He finally found the pills and quickly washed them down. It would take a few minutes before they worked, but Tony pushed himself up. He breathed briefly as his ribs began to throb strongly. Slowly he heaved himself up and stood on shaky feet. His left leg buckled and Tony almost fell down if it wasn’t for the wall on which he was able to support himself. He swore quietly to himself, but then managed to limp slowly to the bathroom.
They would clarify today all the important changes. The Avengers were again a group and the danger was real.
I hope you all are okay with that chapter. See you next weekend!
the man had said.
"But now
At this moment Tony knew that he was never going to see Steve again.
"How's she?" It hit Tony like a blow that he had not thought about his best friend since he woke up. His thoughts had been with Steve. He felt the fear come back, but Steve squeezed his hand a little tighter. "She's fine so far."
"It works," Tony heard another voice talking. "Hello? Hello!" the same voice asked, and you could hear someone knocking on a microphone.
Rhodey raced through the air at the creature. But as he was about to fire his weapons, the monster slowly raised his hand. Rhodey aimed and shot with various weapons.
"Fuck," Tony and Steve muttered at the same time. Burkwill laughed and Tony looked at the soldier in front of him. Tony felt like his organs all just searched for a new place. He felt sick.
Only a few minutes later they flew back to bring Tony to the hospital wards in the headquarter. The others would still wait for Rhodey and then take the two other planes. They had secured Tony.
Tony could not finish his thought, because Steve carefully pulled him to him. Tony froze as the other pulled him into a strong hug.
Clint slowly opened the door. "Steve, are you coming up, we have - Oh, hello Tony. You are awake," he stated. His eyes fell on the hands that lay on top of each other, but he did not comment. "We have just received a video. It's still being decrypted, but you should be there while watching."
Wanda sat down on the outside and beside her Rhodey, who seemed somehow happy and at the same time worried. Clint and Natasha - both looking a little tired - were sitting next to them and Fury was sitting in the middle of the table with the Russian. On the other side, between Steve and Barnes was Vision, who seemed a little uncomfortable.
"A grenade had landed right on the street, just to the right of my son's door,” the man explained and his voice grew dangerously low. “The street was full, and he slept. We had no chance to escape. But do you know what I have seen? At this moment, which seemed to take years? When you know it's over and everything is running in slow motion? I saw the outside mirror and read the engraving on the grenade.
The stationery was still white, unlike the photo, and handwritten. Tony looked at Steve, who gave him an encouraging squeeze before turning to the letter.
He was not surprised that when the elevator doors to the conference room opened, he saw a lot of faces.
I wish you a nice weekend!
The rain drummed on him and the street as Tony shouted at the traitor. He barely noticed Burkwill slapping his hand like a madman in the lap and laughing.
"Probably outside. The tomatoes are growing very fast, maybe she picks some", Natasha replied. "I came to see her earlier and talked to her. She was very happy about the invitation."
"What?"
Rhodey should hate him. He should hate
Without giving up the silence, Fury knocked on the table.
Friday was silent for a moment, then she answered again. "There are some pictures of the control room on the file, at least that's what the title says. But I cannot handle the encryption. Should I keep trying, or ask for access?"
fell dead as the brain died. Suddenly they began to fight their way out of the water, with a power and speed that was unimaginable before. Several of the creatures ran straight for Steve and Bucky, barely a dozen yards from the bridge, completely delivered to the monsters.
"But why did the thing had to die?" asked General Astif, a Syrian war veteran who had been working for Burkwill for several years.
"There is no electronic signal from that spot," Kima said as he stormed back onto the bridge. "But footprints of two people. One limps. They were looking for something and then ran away. Should I pursue them?"
"Maybe Rogers deserves some kind of award or whatever now," Rhodes muttered, but Tony could understand him. He looked up from his work.
It wasn’t easy to walk with bruised ribs, Tony realized. Cursing, the man leaned against the wall to which he had stalked.
“Yeah, but the Tony Stark who wouldn’t have done that is still sitting in a cave in Afghanistan. Don’t fool yourself, you know I had to do it."
Burkwill grinned into the camera, as if he saw the color leave Tony's face.
The soldier looked at his friend in surprise. Archery?
, had been constantly reporting to this psychopath these past weeks and months. He had informed him of secret and intimate things, and it was not unlikely that he was one of his people. If Burkwill even knew about events before the return of Steve and his people, it must have been Natasha, Rhodey or Vision.
By his own fault, he thought. They should have signed the contract together. He knew that he and Steve were the unofficial leaders, that everyone would either follow him or the soldier; there were hardly any other possibilities.
Tony closed his eyes. His rough voice fainted across the room. "Apparently. How long have I been gone?"
Vision shook his head. "We go and help Tony."
"Steve is not ready yet because of Bucky. But that will be okay soon. Then we’d love to come," he smiled. He leaned back and threw the phone on the table in front of them.
Burkwill made a small gesture and then ran back to his other prisoners. Kima ran from the bridge. "Please, it's going to be a mistake, too, if I stumble straight into your dear colleagues while I hold the knife. Oh, Stark, you made a huge mistake. Pray that the transmitter is still there or you are in huge trouble."
Steve nodded. "Of course. See you soon?" He addressed the others as he slowly pushed Tony up. "Who is old here now?" He murmured, laughing, but then stood up and grabbed Tony's hand.
The inventor turned to Steve and Natasha, who both had their arms crossed. Both of them slept in the car and Tony also had his eyes closed for a moment, although his brain was constantly working.
Only then did he realize that Burkwill shouldn’t even know that he had talked about Steve with his remaining teammates because he had always been careful. Unless the security leak really was Friday. Or one of the teammates he trusted so much. Natasha, Vision, Rhodey. He swallowed. It could not have been one of them, and Friday was safe, too. Maybe there was always a little microphone near him. Tony remembered Ant-Man, who had finally walked into his suit. The information must have taken this way to get to Burkwill, he told himself frantically.
Although Steve was able to snap, throw and catch his makeshift metal shield from Wakanda almost as quickly as at the beginning of the fight, Clint's breath was already audible.
His heart throbbed painfully in his chest, and his ribs were heavy. Tony was glad the suit hid the shaking of his hands.
"Oh, Helmut. That made everything easier," whispered the stranger's voice, chasing goosebumps over Tony's back. Barnes got up and obviously did not know where to go with himself. In the video, you could now see the motorcycle that was holding next to the car. The Winter Soldier was barely visible, but Tony knew that would change in the next few seconds. Then he heard the suppressed cry of an agent and Maximoff. They had recognized Barnes. Immediately, weapons were lifted from all directions in the room and aimed at the man who could only hold his hands in the air with his eyes wide open. His expression spoke volumes. The agony of seeing the video again.
"I would like it, Tony."
"We'll check the video and track the names," Natasha explained, quickly recovering her composure. "As it stands, we are through with Burkwill. We have ... A press conference is scheduled for Monday morning."
"Yeah, I did" Tony admitted and still did not break away from the bigger one. "But I think you convinced me." Tony paused. His thoughts circled again, but he had to pull himself together.
"I can’t see them. I have to get closer," Tony said coolly to Burkwill. The man nodded and walked ahead, and the
Tony shook his head. "Only Pepper or I can prescribe that no way leads past it." He felt the panic rise in his mind again as he remembered when he'd last talked to Pepper. It had only been yesterday, probably in the evening, but they had only been on the phone for a short time because she had an important conversation to make, as she said.
"Steve fell."
Rhodey ran straight for Tony and Pepper and stopped short of them. "You don’t know how scared I was," he continued softly, pushing himself into the embrace. "You could have told me something, I would have come along. But alone?" Rhodey's voice broke at the end and he quickly hid his face in Tony's hair. "If you do that again, I'll kill you, Stark, I promise you."
"We will not give any information about the attack and its causes." His one eye watched admonishingly through the ranks. Flashes from the cameras were reflected in his eye.
It was a small, relatively fat woman whose brown hair fell curly over her shoulder. She used a lot of Make-Up under her eyes and earrings rattled on her ears. Her dress style was relatively simple. She was wearing a cardigan over a T-shirt and grey jeans underneath. Her eyes were wide open when she saw Steve.
More often he was there because of the atmosphere. The park was big, he realized as he flew over it, but he knew where he needed to go. Now, at this time, there was hardly anything going on here. Tony did not even hear teenagers who listened to music and drank alcohol. It was almost completely silent when he landed on a tree a few feet away from the bridge in the middle of the park. The lights of the city were reflected in the lake, but the otherwise crowded bridge stood quietly in the still water. Somewhere a swan fluttered, Tony guessed, but otherwise, he heard nothing. Carefully, he sat down more comfortably, always careful not to make unnecessary noises. He opened his helmet and focused his eyes on the bridge, where hopefully a clean handover would take place in two hours. Tony was sure Burkwill would take this bridge. And now he just had to wait.
The mechanic froze. Rarely had his friend said such a thing to him.
I wish you all a wonderful last Christmas day!
"I want to talk to her. Can you arrange that?"
"Please excuse my manners," the stranger suddenly said loudly. "I did not want to interrupt the session. Please, sit down again. Agent Harper, you were just about to report on the traitor. Please, go ahead."
"Say again?"
Tony had died because of him. He himself was responsible for the mechanic's decision, he thought. He shouldn’t have left him alone, they would have found a solution.
(See the end of the chapter for
"This is the most recent picture we could find of him. He does not appear in public very often, which makes him even more interesting to the media if he breaks his principles. For more than seven years, however, nobody has shot a picture of him. From his residence in a suburb of London, he gets by private car into his private plane, practically right on the doorstep of his home in Buenos Aires, New York, Seattle, Beijing, Hong Kong and so on. Almost all over the world, he owns smaller or larger properties, meets with his clients and disappears again. Most of the time nobody knows where he is. Sometimes he starts several planes, so the press does not know where he lands.
In his mind, the person went through the tasks that had to be done.
"We’ll have to split up," Clint began to tell. Tony noticed that there was a laptop on the small table showing Fury and some key agents and employees of SHIELD who were listening in on live. "At least for working. We have no further clue where to go. But we can’t search the whole city, so in small groups, we will examine the buildings and places that seem most realistic."
"Well spoken, yesterday," he replied, ignoring her question. He kept walking, careful not to limp too much. A few bruised ribs and the minor leg injuries could not restrict him that much.
Steve turned back to the hologram and Natasha nodded to Tony to get closer. Paying attention to his attitude, he slowly walked over to the others and put on a smile.
"You're alone," the voice said. Tony could hear the monster's joy. "Do not worry, the other Avengers are not getting any news. I'll tell you where to go now. And make no move to let your comrades know. You have already noticed that you have a security leak with you and I can assure you it's not Friday."
"Now you are quiet, Stark. Now, like twenty-four years ago. Eighteen dead in the city. Seven of them were not yet grown-up, all proven by a grenade by Stark Industries, and you did not even get a mandatory bereavement letter you just had to sign. Nothing. Nothing at all. Only more weapons, only more deaths in the streets, year after year."
A dog barked in the apartment to her right and the three went straight on. A staircase led upstairs, there was no elevator.
"Earlier?" Steve asked softly.
The mechanic nodded. He had no problem with attracting attention, but such a car in a relatively poor area could cause problems. A driver, leaning against the car, smoking, waved to them before entering.
"Of course, I'll tick you the CNN News."
He knew Natasha didn’t mean to sound mean, and she was probably exhausted but her tone made him angry.
Tony was silent. The image of the wormhole spread again. The air that was getting less and less, the feeling when he knew the Arc-Reactor had failed and the huge explosion, like a supernova that he'd never seen before, even though he knew one thing or two about weapons.
, but much deeper and much more aggressive.
“As I said," Clint went on, "he hardly appears in public, in some cases he was suspected to be ill or even dead, but this is always revoked by reports. SafetyWorld regularly thanks him for millions of dollars of donations. And since the media hardly knows anything about him, they try to get as much as possible," Clint finished, answering the agent's question.
"Mr Barnes, Mr Rogers," one of the policemen politely addressed the two. "Mr Fury would like to talk to you."
Suddenly Steve threw his shield in the sand. No, Tony wasn’t dead. He's not dying so easily, Steve thought, remembering the fight in New York, where he thought he had lost his friend.
"Friday, can you see anything on the video?" Tony asked the AI. He leaned further forward.
he had answered. The next day Cameron Daily had been found dead, trying to build a bomb that should have killed presumably Stark. Peter had to get the book out of the dead man’s safe. It was easy to see that Daily did not get further than page eight.
And even though Tony knew Steve might never have had thought that, but only wanted to protect his friend, it hurt the most.
, thought Tony.
"I'm sorry," Steve said, putting his hand on Lopez's arm. Tony's lips fell. Steve never told him he was sorry. He shook his head almost imperceptibly. This was a mission, Steve did it to let her speak, and besides, Steve didn’t really knew about his relationship with his father.
"I haven’t been fully informed of what is going to be said. How much will we tell people about these monsters?"
He had told Pepper everything and at some point, after talking to him for many days with various arguments, he had realized that Barnes had been brainwashed and that Steve had defended him for that reason.
He still heard Pepper calling him "old man" back when she was here for a weekend two weeks ago.
Friday spoke up again almost a minute later. "As far as I found out, it has only been approved that the creatures were coming from another planet," the AI said, and Tony wiped his hand over his forehead.
Bucky gently took him in his arms.
Steve spent almost half an hour digging. Again and again, he stopped, wiping the sweat from his forehead or checking the other's pulse and breathing. When he was done, he had no chance to take a break. He stood up too fast, and for a moment the whole cave turned, but he pulled himself together.
Tony looked up and swallowed. He became nervous, grabbed Steves hand but continued reading.
, he told himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
By now almost all the people had gotten up. Agents went to the doors, holding their weapons ready, Natasha had run to the big window and looked out. Vision stood in wonderment in the room and was pulled by Wanda to the side and Barnes looked petrified on the hologram while Steve had run to Tony. He quickly typed on his cell phone.
Furthermore, if I make grammar mistakes or something, please tell me and I'm trying to fix and remember it. I know it can be super annoying if somebody just doesn't seem to be able to write correctly.
"Even when I was five, Rogers," Tony replied quickly. The smell of Steve hit him in the nose. "But yes, in Sokovia, too."
When the door opened, Natasha, Vision and even Rhodey came out running off the plane.
," he said. Tony could understand that the man spoke to the brain again. The two aliens standing behind the four agents and Pepper suddenly moved. So, they belonged to the brain behind him. It could be the only one. Something like desperate hope flared up in Tony. With strong hands, the two aliens each clawed a prisoner. Wilson cried out for a moment as the claws pierced his shoulder, and Khatib could not help but moan. The two men were picked up and with heavy footsteps, the monsters began to carry them away. Pepper and the others remained sitting on the floor. Tony saw what was happening and panic flared up in him.
Steve had first landed on the ship with Bucky. When he finally felt the ground under his feet again, he was glad, but this joy didn’t last long: When he arrived, these huge beings had been distributed all over the ship.
The older one looked around in the workshop. His eyes fell on the ugly, dead creature on the ground and he shook his head. "There was a city to defend. The suit should have endured even more. Everything was safe," he tried to reassure her.
In the mirror, Tony could see how pale he was and how many wounds stretched across his face. Exhausted, he leaned against Steve, who put his arms on his uninjured shoulder. Tony reached for his hand as if to show him he was there. That Steve did not have to worry about Bucky alone.
“Friday," Tony shouted when he was finally alone. He wanted to ask a question but there was a knock at his door. Annoyed, the mechanic briefly closed his eyes, then wiped his face and tried to sit in a halfway upright position in the big bed. "Yes," he shouted and put on a fake smile. Rhodey opened the door and smiled in relief as he saw his best friend lying on the bed. "You look awful!" he greeted but then gently touched Tony's healthy arm and sat down in a chair by his bedside.
Inwardly, James rolled his eyes. He would have liked to keep watching the reactions of the others, but instead, he just kept them in his memory. His blue eyes wandered through the hall. People of different nations and cultures looked at him. He raised his eyebrow. It could be so easy.
He pulled the door a little further and allowed Steve to step ahead, stepping into the small entryway. He closed the door behind him and looked around. The narrow corridor had light wood on the floor, as well as the same white wood panelling on the walls, up to a meter high. Above it, the wall had been painted in an unpleasant shade of yellow, which might have looked well twenty years ago, but with a few grey and black spots, it simply showed the age of the apartment.
His hands put almost automatically many cables together in the next few hours. Concentrated, his gaze shifted between the new leg splint and the computer screens. The music played loud in his ears, but he only noticed it marginally.
"This won’t be a fun class trip to go wild, alright?" Clint said seriously. "This is about hard training."
It was still bright outside, but the first signs of dusk were already noticeable. More and more lights illuminated the streets of New York and made the evening bustle even clearer. Several cars were in a long traffic jam, from which Steve couldn’t even see the beginning. Clenching his throat, he shook his tie.
After that time The Person slowly moved out of the room. No one would know that The Figure had been here. Only if they looked closely they could they see on the surveillance screens that the time on one of the small monitors did not change for a quarter of an hour. But no one would pay attention to such trifles. The information would find its way to the employer, secretly and safely, as always.
"There’s something new," a new voice suddenly announced. Tony's expression froze when he recognized the Winter Soldier who was talking.
Steve was still petrified, but by then Tony was ten, then fifty, then a hundred yards in the air.
at the head of a baffled, smaller alien. Screaming, he jumped over the boundary of the bridge and made sure that Tony flew with him when the shots fell. While the two men were leaping, the mechanic could see something gray racing past him, but then he fell through the surface of the cold water.
"Shit," slipped out of him.
His fingers were shaking and he could not control the movement, and again he had to cough. He tensed and saw only black for a moment, but the coughing didn’t stop. Some blood spurted out of his mouth and spread over his glowing face.
Burkwill's voice covered the city's noise and the wind around him.
Annoyed, he rolled his eyes. "Tony Stark. I kinda got into an explosion because of my work - I save the world by the way, you know - but didn’t fall on my head. I wouldn’t be here if I had. I don’t suffer memory loss. Just keep going, please, don’t waste my time."
Steve's gaze was still on the new plane. He waited for another person to come out. But nobody did. His eyes searched the sky, he looked around the battlefield. Something in him broke when he realized that Tony Stark hadn’t come.
Tony nodded. "Dum-E, get the slime from this creature. Wait, no, I’d prefer to do that. No offence."
He could not imagine that it would be of supernatural value to be the only one in a breed to have ears. "So there are more of these things, either," he concluded, "or where they come from, hearing has the only advantage of being the leader of a group. So the leader is likely to be better equipped against enemies, and so can warn his herd. Friday?"
Natasha raised her eyebrows. She still didn’t know what had happened that Tony was so mad at Steve, and she would have liked to say she didn’t care, but she couldn’t.
"So you think somebody of the attackers might be watching this? Were there humans involved, like in Sokovia or New York?", a female jounalist asked.
He inhaled the smell of the bigger one and listened to the reassuring heartbeat. He raised his head and pressed his lips to Steve's, who returned the kiss warmly and familiarly.
Desperate, he lifted his left arm and tried to shovel the sand from his legs. But just as before, he could barely move his upper body and shovelling required forces he could no longer muster.
"I know you can’t forgive me, that wouldn't be right, but I wanted to tell you that I didn’t want it to go down the way it did." Still, Tony just stared at him, apparently making Steve feel uncomfortable.
All the time he had wished he could meet the others somehow, but now that he got the chance, a lump in his throat opened. He felt sick as he thought of the blond soldier who betrayed him. Besides, Barnes was there. The man who had killed his mother, the man to whom he owed this whole situation.
"And that's the problem!" Tony said, feeling his arm tremble now. He realized how his strength left him, how he came closer and closer to collapse.
Tony looked at the pictures that Natasha accepted. There were eight pictures, all of which were printed on photo paper. They showed a clearing that was completely snowy. Sun fell on the fir trees in the background, but the snow was in many places impressed by imprints. The photo did not show a shoeprint.
"And now we can connect those power issues with the attack from today," Hill finished, nodding to Natasha. "Smaller and larger power failures have been reported on various points in New Jersey and New York. We can only guess, but it seems likely that the attack is related to the failures."
Something like a smile settled over James' face. He liked her.
The old, blood-spattered man had managed to escape from the car. Searching for help, he looked at the younger man, who pulled him by the hair.
"I know," Tony recalled, taking the package from Steve's hand. It was very light. "But why is he sending us something?"
He could still see Burkwill grinning. "I lied to you, Stark. Tomorrow is not my son's birthday. He became thirty
"Can you," he groaned and hobbled on, "start up all the equipment, please? And make sure nobody can come down."
A shiver ran down his spine.
"But remember what he did to you, Stark. The risk he took was far too big for you to just set it aside. Stark, I want to give you a hint if you're still alive. From enemy to enemy." Burkwill grinned. Tony shuddered at the thought of how crazy this man was. He talked about probably dying and then grinned the next moment.
Tony saw three teeth in the mouth without lips, all of which shone silverily, and several pimples covered the skin of the creature. Tony noticed that only a few hairs grew and that the creature didn’t have ears.
Steve took his chance and held his shield tighter as he took a step forward. The metal shield quickly hit the monster's neck. One last time it roared before it fell forward and died in a severely dislocated position.
"So I was sitting there, and
"One moment, please, yes? I need to show you what happens if any of you become inattentive." The image of the mouth disappeared and another, to Tony only too familiar image opened. "I give them something to pay attention to. A friend gave me the video. I recently helped him out of jail."
When he was down, he pulled the completely wet leaves from his arc reactor. Handerson's shoes slipped in his suit because of the water. He felt as if he had just climbed out of the pool, but then he began to move. He went a long way to walk a little longer to the bridge. Always eager to take big and slow steps, he eventually nourished himself in the place where hundreds and thousands of people would run again each day. Tony still had not put his helmet on. He wanted to show Burkwill that he was not afraid, even if it was not true.
"Thanks," he replied, though the agent had long gone out. "How long was I away?"
Clint nodded quickly and headed for one of the big planes. "I’ll fly. Bucky, Natasha, you stay with me on the plane, the rest goes out as soon as we get to the island and search at the ground."
"Who?" Tony finally asked hoarsely. Burkwill laughed. "You will see that, soon. I expect you in the Boston Public Garden in two hours. Alone."
"Did SHIELD already find out anything? Can you look into the files?"
Steve leaned back in the couch and put the phone on the glass table in front of him. "And what do more serious newspapers write about it?"
"Tony, how long have you been down here?"
Tony saw Wanda look down in dismay, realizing that Vision stepped back three steps as if to give them both space and privacy. Tony dared to glance briefly at Steve. He stared open-mouthed at the screen, but Tony could also see that he had blushed as if it really was something he knew. The mechanic hardly dared to hope.
The eyes that used to shine were dull.
Burkwill's look stiffened. "Somebody probably misunderstood something," he said softly. "I am the one who makes the demands. You, my dear, are just a gift."
Slowly he walked through the door and got into the elevator. It was only when the doors closed that he laid his hand on his aching ribs with a relieved sigh. They pounded and pulled and finally, he could pull a face about it. He took a deep breath and hoped that the ride in the elevator would take a long time, but then he heard the loud beeping and the doors opened.
Tony closed his eyes again. Still, it was not a reason that one of his best friends had nearly killed him with the shield. Tony could not understand what he had done wrong, that Steve had attacked him that way.
"I think you all have something to do. I'll talk to you all again tomorrow. Stay alert and watch out for information." Fury threw one more penetrating look at the Avengers before storming out of the room to do tasks that would cost him whole nights.
"He worked."
Thinking that he did not have a first-aid kit, he pinched his jaw muscles together. Why hadn’t he thought of that? Now he had to carry Tony untreated back to the plane. Frightened, he realized this would take several hours with the heavy man on his back. Steve could only hope that Tony would last so long. And he himself, too.
At that moment, the coughing ceased for a moment, and Tony breathed in panic, only to cough again. When he strangled again, he vomited and Burkwill turned away. "Disgusting," he muttered. "Who watched him for so long that this could happen?"
"Lie!" Cried Clint.
"That's Steve! We’ve got Steve!" he shouted, cheering. If Clint had not joined in the jubilation, he would probably have wondered that the man can show such emotions.
"There’s a letter in there," he said and Tony slowly reached into the paper to pull out the note.
Tony could not help it. He was reluctant to shut down his AI, but Fury was right: Friday was obviously a security hole, and on such a controversial issue, they could not afford more mistakes. Tony reacted as if in a trance, but his thoughts went back to the video. How did this person know all this? How did he get into his system? Why was it about him and how was he supposed to know where he would have to appear in six days?
Stunned, Natasha stared at him.
He felt his heart slide down his body.
"We can’t say anything," Clint interjected.
"The floor plan of the building?" Wanda guessed, but Tony shook his head. No floor plan looked like that. "No, that was really a path. The Freedom Trail," he explained. "It practically leads through all of Boston. I used to run along it a lot during my time there," he muttered.
Too slow for Clint's wishes, he could bring the plane to a halt. The two others hectically moved behind him. While Natasha fetched a first-aid kit, Bucky tried to pull a daybed out of the medical room. The rush didn’t make it easier for Clint to land well, but when he finally opened the doors, the two were gone immediately. He also unbuckled himself, took another bottle of water and jogged off the plane.
With a booming skull, Tony slowly stood up. He had to wait a moment before the room stopped spinning. Slowly he sipped to the bathroom.
Steve wiped the sweat from his forehead. For hours now he was walking across the beach, climbing over rocks, looking into every little cave Tony could be in. He had nothing to drink with him and the sun shone down mercilessly on him. He also couldn’t get in touch with Friday to find out anything about the area; he had no equipment for that. The state of the sun told him that it was already noon. Exhaustedly, Steve dropped to his knees. How should he find Tony? There were far too many possibilities, he could be everywhere, in every cave, on every stretch of beach.
Steve stood by the big window and stared in the meadow, with a lot of teams of agents rushing around.
I hope you all survived Thanksgiving. We don't celebrate it here but I heard it's a lot of stress. So, I hope you all are still here with us.
"With me? Always," his friend answered. She sighed again. "What did you think, Tony?"
His mother had heard him far too late and came to him, even reassured him, but Steve could only remember the fear and pain of his illness.
Steve wanted to answer something, but Friday's voice came through the speakers through the room. "Excuse me, boss, but a package has just arrived addressed to you. I'll put it in your and Mr. Rogers's room, you should check it out. I think it could be important."
Natasha cleared her throat. "According to the Sokovia Agreement, the appearance of Steven Rogers, James Barnes, Wanda Maximoff, Samuel Wilson, Scott Lang, and Clinton Barton would be illegal, so they will be prosecuted by the United States of America to determine the gravity of the crime."
The Figure wondered if Stark had even remotely thought of lying here himself and wearing such shirts.
Steve felt nothing. Not the sharp edge of the stone he was sitting on, he heard nothing of the fight, only marginally watching as Clint sprinted towards him, warding off the creatures' attacks.
Tony could do nothing. The words had disappeared from his mind as his friend talked so excitedly. The man could see that it was also a burden on him. A traitor and a crazy, cold-blooded murderer who had changed the whole situation within a few minutes. Not only were they looking for someone who had a connection to extra-terrestrial life, but also used it to seek revenge on someone who was a whole other person twenty years ago. Rhodey touched his forehead with his hand.
They both felt the smile when they kissed again.
"What did you see that evening?" Steve asked the lady.
He felt sick at his own thought.
The others started to listen. "Even Rhodes is not present," Vision stated and Natasha nodded affirmatively.
Tony rolled his eyes and his eyes darkened almost imperceptibly. "Of course. Then the charmer is at least something useful and doesn’t play protector again. I still want to go with you. Grandpa has little communication problems, sometimes."
The other two nodded, but Friday spoke up. "Excuse me, but the press conference will start in less than forty-five minutes. The flight time to the building is about thirteen minutes, plus landing and takeoff nearly fifteen. If you want to look around and talk to your teammates before, you need to go now. Mr Barnes, Mr Fury and Miss Maximoff have already arrived at the building and are waiting for your encounter."
Thank you so much, ima, for your comment. It's nice to hear that you liked this story!
Natasha nodded to the two men and ran through her hair. Steve sighed loudly and Tony straightened his glasses before the car stopped and the doors opened automatically. One after the other, they stepped out into the street and looked at a red brick building of at least five stories.
Now the inventor got up tired and stretched. The therapy would only take a few minutes but definitely wouldn’t feel nice. His bones should grow together within the next few days and then be hard-wearing again. The new technique was good, but definitely not pleasant.
It was barely twenty minutes before Friday spoke to Tony.
"My pleasure," Natasha said through the coms.
Tony, who had since parted from Pepper and Rhodey, sat up straight. The image was projected into the center of the room, from where everyone could see it.
"I wasn’t there," he admitted and could not banish the frustration from his voice. "And that was a huge mistake every time again. But Tony, this is different. I'm here now, all of us are. And you won’t have to deal with this man alone."
"You’ll shoot as soon as I'm gone with it a few hundred yards. All guns on me and the thing. All the monsters will die and you can get to the cockpit. You’ll take control quickly and land it safely. No one in Tom's River, and certainly no one in Philadelphia will die."
The flight to New York was fast and uncomplicated. The small screens in the private plane showed the news. About everyone reported from the big press conference in the metropolis or even, at the less reputable channels, showed old videos of Tony.
"Please," Burkwill replied, gesturing to her. "Just realize that your friends will all die if you make any attempt to flee. Oh, right, Stark."
A crack in the line made him think he had lost the connection. Frantically, Steve looked around. Another plane, another threat? Even if it was much smaller, it could very well cause great harm.
"Where is she now?", Tony distracted himself from his thoughts and spoke again to Wanda. The woman had become quieter since Visions death and she didn’t always appear for dinner. Once she had disappeared for two days and they had all feared the worst, but she had only moved to the city because she needed space.
He was silent for a moment, probably thinking of the man who had described how his son had been killed.
Tony shook his head, grinning. "Don’t be so sure."
It was bad. And he always wished to wake up, and when that was the case, he wanted to fall asleep again because of the pain.
"What is there to see, Stark?" Burkwill asked suddenly, grinning at him from above.
"Our country was attacked. Hardly anyone dares to do talk about something else than that. It had been aliens. Anyone writing about the election campaign or Korea or something will go down completely."
Immediately his friend flew to the American tank and loaded his weapons. "There are good updates in there," Rhodey called to Tony, who merely nodded as the energy repulsors charged. "On three!", he called and began to count.
Vision was immobilized on the bridge, and enemies stood behind him, seeking cover. A wave of emotions came over Tony. The Android had betrayed him, but then only wanted to protect him and now he was probably killed. Anger and joy, disgust and respect flooded through him, but he could not really decide what to feel. He quickly turned away from the lifeless body.
Natasha went ahead and scanned the doorbell before pressing one of the names. Tony bobbed back and forth as far as his ribs would allow and was about to say something when a voice came through the speaker.
"You hold the team together, Tony. I'm sorry for what I did. I was promised something else."
"'President: 'Cohesion is important at those times' - a large Alliance with Russia and China in Sight?'" Restlessly, some of his people sat down differently. Burkwill waited a moment. He smirked slightly.
Steve stared at the screen, petrified, with a wary look. It took a few seconds before he answered.
"We won’t be able to take over the ship just like that," Wanda screamed suddenly. "There has to be a kind of centre that all of these beings protect. If we have it, we’ve got the ship! "
, he tried to think, but his aching body spoke quite different volumes.
"Thanks for caring, Nat," Clint murmured softly and sarcastically. "I'm good."
The handsome man's hand was on the shoulder of the younger and smaller woman who laughed happily at the camera. On her arm, she held a baby, who looked startled, and in front of her stood a perhaps seven-year-old girl in a floral dress next to her younger brother, who wore typical pants for the 1940s. The picture was taken in a studio because the background was clearly a wallpaper.
Tony shook his head slightly. His eyes stared at some point in the distance.
Less than two hours later, life came to the park. It was still raining, and Tony was terribly cold by now. The water had somehow come under his armor and he felt soaked to the bone. He shivered and knew that he was allowed to be happy if only he had a simple cold after that.
Tony sucked in his breath and rubbed his hand thoughtfully over his mouth. Steve moved. "Thanks anyway for your information. We know now more than before. May we take the pictures with us?"
"Tony, I ..."
Hey! Yeah, I thought it would be a good idea to write in an accent. And the 'ya' part is basically everything I know. But for some reason I kept it. I don't know.
"Whatever this says, it doesn’t make any sense to me."
A shadow erupted from the crowd and Tony straightened his shoulders. Slowly a man walked to him. Tony knew it was the madman walking in his suit. He did not move.
The wood that draped the walls was riddled with woodworm holes, and a large carpet covered the furthest parts of the floor. Tony was cold. The man had told them in a few words that although they were all allowed to live upstairs, they were by no means supposed to put their shoes on the stairs. There were now eight pairs of shoes in the narrow hallway downstairs, and Tony and the other Avengers in socks.
"Seriously, Friday?" he asked. "For me the password as well?"
"Three," Tony explained quickly. "Three. I get it that you don’t give all of them away at the same time. But at least three would have been appropriate." His voice trembled more than he wanted, and his heart beat unusually hard. It felt like it had slipped several feet down.
"It's enough!", Burkwill called and hit Tony against the temple. The blow came unexpectedly and the mechanic fell screaming to the ground. "It's enough!", Burkwill repeated. There was a rushing sound in Tony's ears and he felt warm blood mingling with the cold rain and running down his face. The
The sun blinded him directly as he stepped outside and the heat came towards him like a wall. After the air-conditioned plane, it was hard to walk in the hot summer afternoon. But Clint looked around and could immediately make out the group of four people who were off the plane. When he arrived, Bucky was helping Steve, whose face was flushed. Clint's gaze sought Tony. The mechanic lay on the ground behind Steve and was just checked for injuries by Natasha. His face looked terrible. The wounds on the stomach already hurt while watching.
His assignment was fulfilled.
He pressed his lips together and tried once more to turn his head, but a stinging pain ran through his whole body. He blew air from his nostrils and tried to remember what had happened. But the only thing that was really safe in his head was the pain that went through him. He tried to move his limbs and groaned.
sounds were caused by you, Stark," the voice continued, and you could hear the loud noise as glasses jerked open and something big landed. He could assign the sound exactly to the Chitauri, who had crashed against houses and streets, had taken several people to death.
am going to get out of there alive."
Nobody noticed the plane, which was higher up in the air.
Helmut Zemo was free again, cut off due to a technical problem. He ran his hand over his face. He briefly glanced at Steve, who looked just as frustrated. He stared at the phone with his eyebrows contracted, then sighed.
. "I just want to find Pepper. And the others. Please, Steve, I cannot do that now."
"Are you alright?" he had asked, without being able to hide the concern in his voice. "Steve said you didn’t come down?"
erupted from the water and a deafening scream pierced the battlefield.
to keep him from engaging with the man.
Tony nodded. "Know that place. Haven’t been there for a long time, but it wouldn’t have changed much. What do you know about the woman?"
"He doesn’t want to give us time to plan well," Steve concluded suddenly. "He knows that we won’t let Tony go alone, so he still wants to confuse us. He wants us to have no chance to get around him."
Tony looked at his watch. It had been two hours since he had gone down. "They’ve been faster. Request access, that's easier. If they don’t grant it, go in yourself."
Steve's eyes sought the speaker.
A small murmur went through the room and James could see the name "Hannah" in the symmetrical lines on the wall. His fingers drummed on the black leather of his chair.
"Messages from SHIELD. Something about the monsters. Nothing came in yet. Here, take a look."
"That's the nicest thing I've ever heard you say, Stark," Natasha replied. According to her grin, Friday had left no traces and she had just wanted to test it. At least his AI was still working, Tony thought grimly.
Shortly thereafter they had exchanged more information before Steve got back to work and Tony continued to work on his suit.
He waved his glasses around to show where the camera was hidden. "So, we have all the images in Ultra-HD ready for analysis."
Since then the old man has worked in his own garden, isolated from neighbours and friends; he used to run a horse before it was being shot due to an illness. Nevertheless, he somehow had built up contact with SHIELD and offered them the top floor of his house if there was an emergency; he could not use it anyway.
Burkwill raised his hand as if to say that he should be quiet. "One moment. You have not seen the best yet."
"How many planes were in the air at the same time?" he asked, knowing that the agents had answered exactly that question before the meeting.
Tony stared at him but had to admit that it had a certain logic.
Angrily, Steve watched as the autopilot steered the landing position.
As he talked he could see Rhodey stiffen. The other Avengers looked shocked, too. Fury raised his shoulders again and stared at Steve with his jaw compressed.
"There was no official commando on the team not to go and search for Mister Stark", Fury stated. "But there was the question whether they should leave the Headquarters for safety reasons. Especially concerning Mr Rogers, but", he said with empathy, "that wasn't communicated properly by the time he and Mr Rhodes had left, so they did absolutely nothing wrong."
Natasha looked at Tony and Steve could not help looking at the mechanic as well.
He needed his Steve again, who used to take him in his arms, in which he felt these very special moments, where he realized how much he had been crushed on him. Of course, no one should know, and besides, he was more than disappointed with Steve and even more angry.
The whole time they had been working side by side in silence. Both knew that that was not the purpose of Steve's stay in the workshop, but they had nothing to say to each other. Or they had too much to talk about.
"It may not be the right situation, but could you please give me a signature? It has always been my desire to meet you once since I was born. Only if you don’t mind."
The Avengers all nodded in agreement and looked at Clint. Tony was still trying to control the coughing fit. He needed to do something about the cold, even if he did not feel sick at all.
Lopez touched her neck nervously and rubbed around there. "Well, so I only have this one copy. The photos have shaped me and changed my lifestyle very much. I honestly would like to know them near me. Or generally not with other people. I would suggest you take a picture, but I'm ... afraid. If those things came back with such a ship, they might be intelligent. I don’t want them to find me because I said something that I was not allowed to say." She grimaced and looked somewhat caught.
Tony did not even nod. He just realized it. Maybe he had secretly hoped that the others would find him before it ended, and they could fight Burkwill.
"Mrs. Potts has the authority to turn Stark Industries' production back to weapons as well as re-seek trading partners and renew businesses. If you're with me, Stark, I'll let her go, if you make the announcements first. Mrs. Potts will then work closely with us, after all, she knows what will happen if she does not."
His lips were cracked, and the skin broke off due to sunburns. He was sweating and the smell was heavy in his nose.
Meanwhile, his friend should sleep, because the therapy was exhausting. "Do you expect a package?" Steve asked and Tony shook his head.
Friday opened a map of Norway and a red dot pointed to a spot just southeast of the big city.
Unfortunately, there was another common ground and Howard Stark also worked at night. So, about twenty minutes and a powerful speech later, Tony laid crying and distraught in his mother's bed and had a long night ahead of him.
It took a while before he could calm down. Before he slowly got his breathing under control again and the tears finally dried up. Angrily, he wiped the wet marks off his face, but he sat and stared wearily at the wall opposite him. He wondered if Jamie Handerson had been sitting here like this before when he had to leave, or if he had volunteered to show the Germans that they could not simply destroy American ships. Whether he was happy, whether he had celebrated. Tony's fingers slipped weakly over the rough ground over which several people had walked over before him. Nevertheless, his fingers faltered over an irregularity in the expired wood. Curious, he bent down to read the incised message. Somebody, just like him, had sat there with a knife, writing a number in the floor that Tony could easily read. A shiver ran down his spine.
The inventor thought of his visit to some government facilities. The technique used to protect the US was state-of-the-art. Partly his inventions were included, too. A team of many MIT graduates dealt with the equipment. He himself knew some of them personally. They were incredibly intelligent people, constantly looking for improvements.
"Let's go," he said, looking at Natasha.
Tony nodded to Steve and then turned back to the window. Behind the tinted glass, he could see the houses in the streets of Manhattan. In this part of town, the buildings were old and had not been renovated for a long time, but they were relatively cheap. A homeless man stared after the big car and screamed something the mechanic could not hear through the closed windows.
"I have my shield and my weapon," the man continued. "I want you, Stark, with me. Otherwise, this agent will experience exactly the same as my family had. You know what? I had two children and a wife. We were four. Here are five agents. Helmut, please."
Tony closed his eyes and groaned. He wanted to get away from this cave, to his workshop. He didn’t want to feel that pain, which seemed to get worse with every passing minute. He hoped that someone might notice him and screamed again. Tony was breathing hard. Every time he lifted his chest, something stuck in his lungs, that's how it felt.
Steve raised his hands as Rhodey's gun was aimed directly at him. He swallowed. "I'm afraid I completely underestimated it."
Shaking his head, the woman watched him. "We'll send you back to your quarters right away, Mr. Stark. Just let us finish our work first."
In the end, they seldom asked anything and the answers were almost rarer. After a while, Friday announced that Rhodey was standing in front of the frosted glass and Tony invited him inside. His friend explained that Steve was needed again upstais, because of Barnes, and the soldier almost gasped with relief. Tony's heart poked slightly as he discovered that Steve's last few hours were probably not pleased with him. He had to admit, no matter how angry he was at the other, his presence had contributed significantly to his ability to work.
Tony could only nod. In the last two weeks, he had done everything in his power to get the Avengers back on track, but it was hard. Vision had not only become a significant part of
Hey! We are getting to the part that I actually really like. So, the newer - and what I think better - chapters are starting in I think the one after the next. But I think, it's getting better from now on.
"Am I monitored now?" Tony asked. He had to admit, the other had scared him. But Steve shook his head in a little light. "I wanted to look at everything again, but not bother anyone."
Natasha stood back to back with Clint and hit the monsters incredibly precisely on the neck. Many went down in front of her, and if that was not the case for a while, Clint was often able to rescue her. It looked as if they had fought like this forever, and not found each other again only a few minutes ago, after months of sparing talk, if at all.
Tony raised his bleeding hand to his face and turned away from Steve.
"Lang and Wilson are in Norway right now, they will check the case. You can never investigate enough. But we assume that it is nothing else. We found the other picture a few hours ago, it's only been a few days on the Internet. The woman said she had painted it years ago, the night after the Chitauri attack in New York."
"Let's go, mate," he said and ran off to the hangar.
Dum-E woke him the next morning. Rhodey grunted unintelligibly beside him as the robotic arm of the robot stabbed into his side, but then straightened. It was just after seven in the morning but Tony felt a bit more rested when he got up. He made them both a coffee and at the urging of Rhodey, he also agreed to eat something small. He was not hungry, but he could not convince his friend otherwise.
"No," Wanda answered. "It has to be one of those beings. Probably a bit bigger than the rest. Do you see that?"
"Miss Potts is calling. Should I put her through?" she asked.
The interior of the building was only gray. The walls, the floor, the ceiling. All in the same shade of gray. Many doors and corridors led to the various areas of the ship. But somehow, Steve knew where he needed to go. His eyes were fixed on the ground in front of him, his thoughts still hanging outside. The burning stain in the sky caused by Tony's sacrifice. Even though he did not want to admit it, his eyes started to burn and filled with tears. Angrily, he wiped them away. He shouted loudly and slammed his hand against the steel wall to his left. The pain shot through him when he hit something sharp, but he didn’t really notice it. His breathing quickened and it became harder again, but Steve wandered along the corridors. With every step he took, he was more sure to have made mistakes. What if he had called Tony? What if he just signed the accords? What if he had run to the brain himself, maybe he could have killed it without anyone dying.
Quite shallow, the intruder ran his hand over one of the many wounds on the man's upper body. He knew very well that the other's legs had not been injured dramatically, he would not have to search there. His job was to view and evaluate the wounds. They would hurt the man, but modern medicine would make it a miracle if they stayed for long. Most of it would heal soon and then The Figure would have more opportunities to act.
The man exhaled angrily. Steve had never seen him so tense before. "The government can, and you will stick to it. The last time you thought your idea was more impressive than the government's, you pulled the Avengers apart. And as a result, we're looking for Stark, so stay away from your fucking ideas," Fury replied, quieter but also more threatening at the same time.
"Then we were surprised by a landslide," Lang said, walking next to Wilson. "And it started to hail. We were attacked immediately. We escaped into a tunnel and were persecuted. As far as we know, we were able to eliminate our opponents, but down here we have hardly any reception and the way back is spilt. We'll find our way out, but if anyone sees this, SHIELD, Captain, Stark maybe, then send help. Our position should come with the message. I repeat," he continued, but the sound disappeared again.
From that day Tony knew that he needed to get to know him better, and in the evening he suggested taking him to this little Manhattan restaurant where you could sit in one corner almost undisturbed in the evening, at least if Nancy had a shift.
"Don’t lie, you wanted to eat with him."
Reunion.
It wasn’t a big surprise no one was looking for him. He sobbed again.
He headed straight for a cluster of smaller aliens. He loaded his weapons and fired, but despite the energy behind them, only one of the creatures fell to the ground. Tony chased past them to get a better picture of the situation.
Tony grunted in agreement and flew back to the center of the park. Steve and Bucky were still fighting, but by now they already had a kind of protective wall of dead bodies. Clint's arrows were in several of them, but right now, he stopped shooting. "They're cutting my tree down," he shouted in panic and waved to Tony. Below him, some of the aliens stood and dragged and dragged at the old tree, and some again sought out stones from the exploded bridge to throw them.
“Stark isn’t the leader," Fury answered shortly, looking at Steve. The soldier imagined seeing something like sadness in the eye. "And we all have to deal with losses."
had by no means failed. Collateral damage is Stark's thing. Not our business. The
"Tony, are you still awake? We have to think of a plan. Hey, whatever's going on in your head, turn it off. Steve wants to talk to you, and we could find Pepper's cell phone in China. We’ll find somebody from Burkwills group. Agents in China are already on it. Tony?" He asked again, but again the mechanic said nothing. In his head were images of Pepper and Steve.
Tony's mouth was dry when he read and it hurt when he remembered to swallow. He felt Steve slipping closer to him.
. The brain was now surrounded by smaller aliens who seemed to protect him and Burkwill had also people and aliens surrounding him.
Fury looked at him. "People shouldn’t know that. Could make them restless."
"So you change your damn mind again and let him go," Burkwill exclaimed angrily. And at the same time, Tony screamed, "You don’t touch me, no!"
A couple of days ago, I realised that this story doesn't make too much sense. Like nobody would react the way I let them react. Nobody. And it's probably getting even worse.
"Look, even children live here," he said between breaths, trying to give his break a rational explanation. He just wanted to 'see' what was in the yard behind the house. The small floor was made entirely of concrete and there was an old metal swing with a wooden board hanging from two thin threads. Sand and two tricycles were scattered on the floor and Tony's eyes remained there. At least he wanted to rest.
Lang swallowed. "He cannot breathe."
. She was the only one who knew everything about him.
But then the doors opened and Tony pushed away from Steve. The soldier helped him out into the nearly empty living room. Clint was talking softly to someone on the phone, and Wanda looked motionless out of the window she was sitting on the floor before. Tony's eyes stayed with her for a moment. He knew she had a special relationship with Vision. Another person who had to suffer because of him. He would make sure that Vision positive intentions were being published, not the negative ones. He owed that to her.
The intelligence zoomed in on the face and showed Tony a small section of the spot where the human ear would lie approximately. "There seems to be a deposit of mucus here. I'd need a sample of it to examine, though."
He was startled, apparently confused that Tony spoke to him. "It was something with ... a hacker who made the mess possible," he explained. "Something with servers and IPs and ... read yourself."
The man nodded and got into the car, which tipped sideways under his weight.
"It's interesting, but in the room where you, Stark, sleep, Jamie Handerson spent his last night in the US, almost a hundred years ago. The next day he was deported to Europe, where he died after only four weeks in the war. Splinter of a bomb that had been ignited inside of him. A painful end, which hit his parents and siblings strongly. But they knew what their boy was doing." Burkwill's voice darkened. "They knew something could happen to him. They had not been in the car with him on the way to the zoo to look at the new-born elephant without ever arriving there."
The elevator was several feet away from his room, but the way to it was long enough already.
He desperately wanted to turn around, but the monster did not let him. That could not happen, Burkwill had promised him something else.
This time it was Steve who commented. "He's hurt, that'll wait until he's better."
Burkwill nodded, almost pride. "A side effect that we did not anticipate. I apologize. You know what? I would like to know where the cars are, I don't want you to get sick, Stark. Lady Elise?"
Quietly, the doors opened to the large room and the two rapporteurs came in. The one on James’ left side was new. He glanced around the large room, fascinated by the expensive floor, the modern, yet sumptuous design, and the technology, right behind James' chair.
He suddenly remembered a lot of things they had experienced together. Nice, but also bad stuff. He saw Siberia for a moment, feeling the disappointment and anger again that Steve had brought him with his parents' video back then, the unbelievably bad feeling when he had to fight him again.
? Tony picked up a piece of a broken armor and threw it to the ground. The hall of the metal echoed through the workshop.
"Tony, it doesn’t matter what happened back then in Siberia, this is not about you or Rogers or anyone else," Natasha urged. She went a step closer. "This is about the world. And you must help protect her. Several people,
"Let her go, please," he pleaded. "You promised."
All monsters laid dead on the ground. Some were still twitching, but the battle was over.
Excited, he dropped his arm slightly. "Don’t shoot," he called to Clint. "We'll see what it is!"
At that moment, the plane landed on the deck, right on top of several creatures, slipped over the long platform and came dangerously close to Steve. Quickly he jumped several steps to the side, but that was not necessary. The small plane slowed down, shortly after it had overturned several of the creatures so that behind him was a swathe which was directly filled up with new monsters.
His workers were all confused and there seemed to be no quiet minute. It did not bother him. His eyes clung to the big TV across the room. The press conference from New York went on quietly in the background, but the reporters only asked banal things.
"Unfortunately, I lost contact just over an hour ago, he left the plane without technology, I cannot contact him."
