“My guess is that they received some sort of light sedative that put them to sleep”, she said. “I found traces of something that would indicate this on the mother, but it’s hard to tell for sure”.
counts as important in our case?” he barked. He was quite aware of his raising his voice, but Sam was kind of asking for it.
“No, man. I mean it” Dean cut him off. Voice harsh, eyes soft. “I’m glad to have Benny. I trust him, as strange as that sounds, and I wouldn’t be alive without him. But you?” Dean took a breath as if considering if he should say what was on his mind or not. “You feel like home, Cas”.
Ben grinned at that, a dry smile that confirmed something Dean was trying very hard not to think about since the moment he saw the kid by the bunker door. He felt his heart sink in his chest.
"I've been busy", said Jack, apologetically,
“Can you blame them?” Sam arched his eyebrows, defiantly facing Dean. “We’ve been acting all sorts of weird around Ben since he got here. Claire knows how our ‘normal’ looks like and she knows that’s not it”.
“Ok.” He said before fear could make him regret this stupid decision and convince him to do what he should have done the moment he woke up, which was run away through the door. “I’m ready”, he lied.
“I’d give anything for a car like that”, Ben admitted, still studying the engine closely. “How old is she?”
Jack makes an apperence
“He can help you”, the hunter said, defensively. Ben shrank a little, surprised by the sudden harshness on Dean's voice. The other man seemed to realize it too since he took another long breath and lowered his voice before speaking again. “Cas can make the headaches go away. For good.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right” Dean agreed, turning his face back to the stream and shifting his weight to his arms, sitting in a more comfortable position. “Still, it would be nice to be sure”
he realized, catching his breath. He was out.
“It’s realistic”, Cas retorted. And it
a terrible driver”, Cas pointed out frowning at what Dean could only imagine was a very traumatic memory of some past car ride.
Dean remained silent and averted his gaze but didn’t make any effort to push Cas’s hand away. Which was already better than he could have expected.
have control over were his words".
“Oh, because you are such a people person”, she replied, sardonically. He glared at her.
“Why do they always come in groups?” Dean grumbled, while trying to pluck his blade out of a monster’s ribcage, and clearly having some trouble with it.
The trio was being hunted like they never had before. New packs of monsters attacked them frequently. Sometimes they came in small groups, three to five monsters that were easy to beat. But sometimes they came at them in hordes. Packs of ten to twenty, something Benny claimed he had never seen in Purgatory.  There were no breaks and no time to walk on eggshells around each other. They needed precision as a team, they needed to fit together like a well-oiled machine, and that’s what they did.
him, for once.
“Your dad didn’t know your mom was a hunter?”, Ben asked, before he could stop himself.
Claire, as it turned out, seemed as surprised about Dean’s newly found maturity as he was, and studied him reluctantly for a moment. She shot a quick glance at Ben and Jack on the other side of the road, but they seemed entertained with something Ben was showing Jack on his phone and were not looking at the car. Ben, Dean realized, had a hand pressed against his head as if he was fighting a strong headache. He seemed bothered by it ever since they left the bunker. Turning back to Dean, Claire took a deep breath before talking.
It turns out, grief is a much different process when there is regret, doubt, or unfinished business alongside it. It's different from the first time he lost his mother. That was one of the most painful experiences he ever faced, but it was not complicated. Just sad. Sad and extremely unfair to a four-year-old. Then losing his dad was a bit more complicated. There were doubts and unfinished business this time. There was also resentment, which does not sit well with the feeling of loss. And losing Sam... that was never even an option, so there usually wasn't a lot of time for grieving since he was usually busy bringing Sam back. The one time he actually felt the loss was after Sam and Lucifer fell into the cage, back in 2009, and he moved in with Lisa and Ben. That was devastating in a way words couldn't begin to express. But it wasn't complicated. It was hell on earth and pain he would carry for the rest of his life if Sam hadn't come back. But again, not a complicated feeling. He thought the grieving process with Cass would feel somehow like that, but it didn't. It didn't because every time he would try to enjoy a good memory, that memory would be spoiled by a feeling of confusion and questioning. "Did he already knew he loved me when this happened?", or "How things would have turned out if I had said what I actually wanted to say at that moment" or even an occasional "did he always look this good?", when going through old pictures. And he did go through a lot of old pictures. And the more he tried to move on, the more the feelings of sadness got mixed up with other unresolved feelings that simply wouldn't let go of him.
Ben nodded, still disoriented by the quick progression of events. He allowed Sam to guide him down the hallway into the heart of the bunker, allowing himself a final look over his shoulder. Taking in the confusing sight of Dean Winchester one last time, Ben caught another unexpected emotion in the hunter’s eyes before looking away: panic.
But Dean never seemed to be ready, and his mood just got worse and worse. Eventually, he couldn't even be described as angry, just as lifeless and tired. Very tired. As if there wasn't any energy left on him to get angry. Sam tried forcing the conversation a few times, but it tended to push Dean away instead of helping him open up about whatever happened between him and Cass.
to calm down”, Castiel told him, his voice very serious. “I can see how tense you are, and so do those kids.”
“I don’t know how she’ll take it”, he admitted, still looking down at his hands as if he was suddenly seeing Jimmy’s hands. “All I know is that I’ve caused Claire enough pain for a lifetime. I don’t want to add a single source of suffering.” He raised his eyes, obstinately. “I must do this right. I owe her that”.
“What happened when you met him?”, she asked. “After that car crash, you guys talked about”.
Sam babbled something about going to set the table for when Jack arrived with the pizza and walked out of the library, taking the empty glasses with him.
“Dean, you erased Ben’s memories for two reasons. You remember that?” Cas couped Dean’s face with one hand. “Look at me. Do you remember what those were?”
“Oh, you have my world, brother” Benny had a feeling this was just the tip of some very, very big iceberg. “We better catch up to him then. Bastard’s going to get himself into some trouble without us”.
“Good job, kid”, he told her, after Claire pulled over. Jack and Ben cheered from the other side of the pavement, where they were both leaning lazily against a white fence.
with a heart of steel. Seeing him like this was… odd, to say the least. He opened his mouth to joke about that but was interrupted by the sudden flap of wings on his back. Dean’s face lightened up on the same instant, transfiguring into some kind of hysteria, as he pushed Benny aside and ran towards Castiel.
“Oh, yeah!”, Jack answered, turning his attention back to the tapes. “Like, every time someone else tries to pick the music. Well, except Cas. You actually let him pick sometimes.”
"Nothing" He admitted, taking the angel blade from his belt. It shined, which was weird since there was no light around for it to reflect. "But please hear me out".
Castiel shot him a murderous glance, so cold it could have made Benny feel actually nervous, if he hadn’t heard the dude explaining the meaning of the word “groupies” just a second ago.  That made him a lot less intimidating.
“How come?”, Claire asked.
“I care because you can still get away from this”, He told Ben, putting a hand on his shoulder, and forcing the kid to face him. “There’s no reason for you to…”
With no warning, his eyes snapped open and he found himself facing Castiel, whose face was
“Well, do you know any Campbells?”, Claire asked, rolling her eyes in annoyance.
"Don't worry" Dean was practically laughing now. He seemed so happy Cass felt his own body relaxing under the sound of that laugh. He forgot how much he loved the sound of Dean's laughter. "We'll have time to do that again".
(See the end of the chapter for
“Will it hurt?”, He asked, looking at Castiel. The angel smiled, softly.
“They got it!”, Sam yelled, resurfacing with his phone in one hand and a triumphant look on his face. “They got the journal! They are over six hours away, hunting a poltergeist, but Alicia thinks she can send it here through a teleporting spell after they’re done”, his smile wavered a little when he met Dean’s eyes. “Oh, hey guys. Didn’t see you there.”
Dean was in a dangerous mood. He was pacing the library, arms tense and making fists with both hands. His face was contorted into a deep scowl, eyes focused and furrowed brow, mouth pressed into a thin line. Cas let him pace without interrupting for a couple of minutes, working a bit of his panic which would, inevitably, translate into anger when he started talking. Because that was Dean.
“And how should I know that you’re real?” In Dean’s head, it was formulated as a joke, but the thought terrified him when it was spoken out loud. What if Cas, this Cas right in front of him, wasn’t real, then what would he do? He felt that he suddenly couldn’t breathe.
“Jack would be a terrible spy”, Cas replied, after giving the possibility some thought. Jack clearly lacked the slyness required to act as a double agent. “He is a terrible liar”.
“Maybe we should ask Jack to be our spy”, he said, mocking seriousness. “Infiltrate the young people group”.
“Of course, I do miss the food, beer, and sex as well”.
“And… we’ll cross that bridge once we get there”, he replied. “Now quit being a child and step on it, Ben”, he yelled, with a warm smile. “Come on! Like you mean it!”.
Benny grew uneasy inside him, burning hot against his skin. It didn’t hurt at all, but Dean knew he had to get the vampire out of there, as soon as he could.
”, or recently “
“Alright, sleeping beauty. Take your time” Benny kicked him softly one more time before walking away. “I’m gonna take a look around.”
“Whatever you’re seeing, it’s not real!” Cas told him. Dean closed his eyes and pressed them with his hands. He
“Wait, did you say
"I've been trying to talk to it ever since I became God. But it was terribly angry after I exploded inside it and refused to talk to me. Completely shut off". Jack frowned as if the memory was somehow frustrating. "It wants to go back to sleep, but everything inside it was awoken by the blast. The Empty has been busy trying to put everything back in order, and it didn't want me to distract it from its work. But yesterday, it finally agreed to talk to me. It needs my help to reestablish itself".
“Subway Surfers”, Ben told him, as if Dean had any idea what that meant. The boy smiled at him. “He had no idea how to play with game apps. Are you guys raising him like Amish?”
”, Dean cried out, pointing hopelessly at the Nephilim.
“The moon”. Then, after a few seconds, he added: “and bees. I really do miss bees”.
“It would take me a lifetime to learn enough to understand them all, Dean”, Cas sighed. He wasn’t annoyed, but he could pretend to be.
"Not really man, no" his voice sounded tired, not angry, as Sam would have expected. "Maybe someday, but not today. I just can't, ok?"
“Do angels even need to eat?”, Ben asked, looking suspiciously at Jack’s gigantic bowl of Lucky Charms.
“If you see anything”, Cas said, coming closer, “tell me, and I’ll tell you if it’s real or not”.
“Then you better not leave his side” she whispered. It sounded like a threat, even though her voice was low and she was clearly frightened by the angel before her. Castiel didn’t answer, but his eyes were so visceral. He was clearly restraining himself not to snap her neck where she stood. She disappeared into the woods before he could change his mind.
"I never expected you to. Actually, I think one of the reasons I was able to say it was because I knew you wouldn't have time to give me an answer". Dean raised his head and faced Cass, with a very serious look in his eyes.
“First time was after Jeremy died”, Ben said, under his breath. He was surprised. He didn’t even know he knew that before this moment. He remembered the headache he had at the hospital, but he always linked it to the trauma or his wounded arm. But now he recognized the feeling. It was the same constant pounding. Like a drum coming from somewhere deep inside his brain. And that sound. “When Asa started asking questions in the hospital. The really weird ones, like if I smelled sulfur and things like that”. Ben blinked harder, trying to push back the dizziness and falling. “Then again when we started training. First time he told me about circles of salt. First time I learned how to make a devil’s trap…”
“Is she going to be a problem?” Cas asked already marching towards Dean, who laid very still where the angel had left him.
“Oh, they don’t have to
______________________________________________
–––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
Hey everybody. I'm terribly sorry about this long hiatus. Two weeks ended up turning into a month.
Sam frowned (apparently, he did that a lot when he was tired), and reached for the paper on Ben’s hand. “What?”
“Where’s your head at?”, Dean asked, drowsily, opening a thin crack of his eyes to look at Castiel.
“Oh, I’m not planning on telling them a thing”. Dean smiled bitterly. “Deny, deny, deny. Works like a charm.”
from each other.
At first, he wasn’t sure why Cas remained with them. The angel was clearly uncomfortable with the situation, and he
Cas didn’t answer. He couldn’t, and even thinking about it was starting to hurt him. Dean filled the silence for him.
?”, Dean pronounced that in a voice so full of aversion it was almost as if the word itself was offensive. His face was writhed into a scowl and Ben detected a flicker of anger in his eyes that was, for lack of a better word, terrifying. “You are a
“If he keeps scratching…” Dean didn’t even want to think about that. He
“You…” Benny’s mouth remained slightly opened while he tried to process what he had just heard. Then, eventually, he gave up. “You know what? I don’t think I wanna know”
“I wasn’t joking. I miss almost everything about home. I miss the car, and I miss music, and movies, and beer, and food and God! I miss Sam. And I’m crazy worried about him”. There was so much pain in Dean’s voice, but he kept it down, buried deep inside his chest. And somehow, he found the ability to crack a tired smile. “But you are home too, man. The one piece of home that I do have here.”
“Oh my God!” Ben smiled. “I remember you!” He caught a flicker of something painful in the hunter’s eyes when he said that, but it was too quick for him to pinpoint precisely what. “Dude, how on earth do you remember
“Too close”. The angel glanced at Dean, who had turned back and was looking at them, puzzled. Cas sighed. Benny could see he was debating with himself whether or not he should leave. And the voice telling him that he should was winning. He exchanged an anxious look with Benny.
He took another long look at the closed door, praying to Chuck for Dean not to screw this up. Then he turned around and returned to the library.
“Claire, I’m not an idiot”, he said, letting his head fall back heavily against the seat of the Impala. “I know you think you know something. And I have no idea what that something is, but I know you and Ben were poking around the bunker and bombarding Sam with questions all day yesterday”. He raised his eyes to look at her properly. “I wish you could just drop it and we could go back to driving and not talking about shit, but I know you and I know that’s not going to happen”. Even with the bitter taste the prospect of that conversation was leaving in his mouth, a part of Dean also felt that Cas would be proud of him for facing it instead of avoiding it. Call it growth. “So shoot, kid”.
“He explodes” Cas finished the sentence with an agreeing nod. That didn’t surprise Benny in the slightest. “It’s not pretty”
“Then is settled”, Dean said, with a smile in his voice. “Cas, go get Jack. We should hit the road.” He petted Ben’s shoulder again before leaving, which was just plain weird at this point but again, not a bad feeling. “You guys have fun with research”.
Dean chuckled at that, and it was a wonderful sound, as always.
Ben touched his pocked, feeling the small object under the fabric of his jeans. He had a headache just like that when he found the lighter. Stronger, even. Now he remembered it (how did he ever forget something like that?). He was so dizzy Lisa considered taking him to the doctor. But then it went away a couple of hours later and he never thought about it again.
Dean Winchester, but under the intensity of those green eyes, the only thing he wanted to do was hide underneath the table.
“Honestly, dude? That’s better than the nearest neck, so I’m not even going to complain”.
Jack shook his head and Claire let out a sight. Jack was still unused to most of his powers. It wasn’t his fault. Still, she could use some reassurance right about now.
"The Empty" he answered. Sam saw the exact moment in which the word hit Dean. Like the ground had disappeared from beneath his feet. He grabbed Jack's shoulder violently and shook the kid.
“It’s not about gender”, Cas objected. He looked down to his own hands, miserable. “It’s about…”
“Did I…” Ben tried to gather what he remembered. “Did I hit the car?”
“This is very out of character for you.”, Cas pointed out, examining him suspiciously. Dean shrugged and threw his arms around the other man’s neck, throwing Cas his most seductive smile. Yes, the unprovoked sweetness was very out of character for him (he
“Don’t disappear”, Dean whispered to Cas. They had just heard a sound coming from the woods around them, dangerously close. Cas had let go of Dean and assumed a fighting position almost instantly, and Dean knew that was usually followed by him flying away, disappearing to handle the threat before it reached Dean and Benny. Not this time. “Please, if something shows up, we’ll handle it. Just…” he felt vulnerable asking something like that, but they were in purgatory, and his head was spinning, and he had just seen Bobby with his skull pierced by a bullet staring at him a minute ago. “Just stay here, ok?”
screwed up. Big time. But right now neither of them had the time nor the energy to unpack all of that baggage, so Dean made a mental note to talk to Cas about all of that when they got home and could sit somewhere quiet, just the two of them. Then maybe he could actually convince Cas that it hadn’t been his fault. Well, technically it had been, but the angel meant well at the time. He was only trying to help, and now that Sam was ok and the Leviathan were back in purgatory. That was all that mattered.
Now, only fifteen minutes later, they had the files on their hands. Dean sighed. Why couldn’t everything in their lives be this easy?
“Claire…” he began, but whatever he was going to say, she didn’t let him finish.
“Thank you”, he finally managed to say. “I don’t deserve it. Not from him and not from anyone”. He glanced at Dean with grieving eyes “But thank you for saying it.”
Every time a vision was just too much, Cas’s hand fell to his shoulder, anchoring him to reality. Sometimes the effect of the venom would push him to the edge of a panic attack. He felt claustrophobic, terrified, and small. In those moments, Cas’s hand would go up from his shoulder to the exposed skin on his neck. The angel would let his palm rest there, skin against skin, warmth against warmth, until Dean’s breathing was even again. Dean didn’t know if Cass was doing something when he touched him like that – some sort of healing or another use of his angelic mojo to calm the hunter down – or if it was simply the effect of the weight of Castiel’s hand against Dean’s skin. It calmed him, ensure him. And Dean didn’t want him to let go. He didn’t know how the angel knew what he needed, but Cas did. Eventually, he just let his hand lay there while they walked. Benny didn’t say a word about it. He just kept on whistling nice, easy tunes. That also helped a lot.
to work through it, or simply ignore it, blame it on the venom, and never address it again. At first, he thought he could do that suppress it as he did with everything else, but for some reason, it wasn’t so simple anymore. It was as if a door he had fought a lot to keep hidden deep inside himself was finally open, tempting him to go through it. He wasn’t sure he would able to close it again.
Benny didn’t immediately say anything. This was bottled up somewhere inside Dean for a while now, he could feel it. Under normal circumstances, Dean would never address it, but it had been there from the start. In the desperation, while searching for Castiel during their first months in purgatory, in his relief when they found him by the river, in his hidden anxiety every time Cas disappeared in order to keep the Leviathan away. It was like an open wound that was in the process of healing, but that kept being reopened every time Cas went away.
was thinking, only that now his head was pounding like crazy.
Scratch the note. Dean was going to punch the guy’s face for turning the kid into a pupil instead of sending his very injured ass back home as he should have.
The warmth disappeared as Cas withdrew his fingers. The dizziness was still there, but the loud noise and the pounding were not. Ben licked his slips, which had suddenly gone very dry.
"As ready as I'll ever be". Dean was surprised with the resignation in his own voice. Sam was with Eilleen at the back of the living room. They both had anxious expressions on their faces but were clearly trying to be supportive. Dean gave them the most confident smile he could conjure.
"Dean?" He called, without looking away from Jack. Who knows? the kid might disappear again if he looked away. "You should come here!"
Dean dozed back and forth between conscious and unconscious. He remembered hearing Benny and Cas’s voice, seeing Cas sitting by his side, protective, then diving deep into the darkness again.
She stopped, as if unsure of what to say next, and Dean used that as his cue to turn the tables on her. Two could play that game.
“Yeah, well. She’s gonna have to forgive me first, and that might take a while”, he admitted, more to himself than to Ben. The boy didn’t have any follow-up questions to that. Dean changed the subject: “What were you showing Jack anyway?”, he asked, nodding at the very entertained Nephilim on the other side of the road.
No! He couldn't think about any of that. He had to find Sam, he had to find Kevin. He had to let Cas go. He
“No, I can’t. And as I was telling Benjamin…”
“Cas, shut up!” Dean averted, trying not to look directly at the angel. Benny didn’t even try to conceal his laughter.
The kids were all staring at him, Jack in utter confusion, Claire with suspicion, Kaia with wariness, and Ben with curiosity. Cas looked worried, but he always looked a little worried. Dean shook off his hand and smirked at his audience. “My bad, guys. Guess I’m not fully awake yet”. He waved his hands at them and knelt to pick the frying pan from the floor. “Enjoy your eggs. I don’t think we have enough in the fridge for seconds”.
you celebrate, angel? I mean, besides drinking a liquor store” he asked. Cas was surprised by it but seemed to take the question under serious consideration.
freak out”.
It was not obvious at first, since they bickered with each other constantly about almost anything, but it was there, in the things that mattered. For instance, Castiel would often point out to Dean that something was a bad idea, and they would argue, but he never
To Castiel’s utmost surprise, Benny was the one who gave him the opportunity. More accurately, Benny presented it to him on a silver platter. They were having what seemed to be their first actual break in weeks. There hadn’t been any attacks over the past four hours, and they considered that a win. Eventually, they relaxed a little. Benny resumed his cheerful whistling, and Castiel was so relieved with the peacefulness around them that he didn’t even think about getting annoyed by it. When they found a clearing, Dean threw himself on the ground with a loud and tired groan.
“Go away”, she said. If it was Dean, she would kick him out. If it was Cas, she would feel sorry for him and wouldn’t have the guts to kick him out, which was worse because she really wasn’t in the mood for ‘a talk’ now. Better to avoid it while she still could.
Dean smiled proudly at his baby. She
“Don’t worry”, he told Dean. His voice was low, calming, and reassuring. “I’m not going anywhere”
Benny followed Dean’s example and lay down on the ground next to Cas. He wasn’t as close to him as Dean but was also at arm’s reach. There was a feeling of trust there that allowed for proximity, and the angel couldn’t pinpoint exactly when they had gotten there, but he was glad that they had. Even though Benny’s relationship with Dean was still more annoying than he would care to admit.
Claire regrated saying something the moment she stops talking. She didn’t plan on laying anything on Jack like that, especially not with that lack of filter. She doesn’t have any right to confuse him with her own messed-up thoughts. He might not be an actual toddler, but he is very young and inexperienced regardless. Feelings are complicated, and Jack has only been dealing with his own for a very short amount of time. But before she could tell him not to worry about any of that, he said:
to know if he’s in trouble”.
“So. What now?”
"What?"
“I’m here!”
"Dean, something happened with Cass, before he died?" They were cooking dinner (if you could call preparing a few sandwiches for movie night "cooking"), and Dean froze for a moment.
Castiel tried to keep track of time, but it was useless. The feeling of time passing was similar to when he was in Heaven: an eternal now. No night or day or hours. But in Heaven, he was always surrounded by other angels and that gave everything a feeling of motion. Here, alone, everything was motionless. It was probably worse than Hell. In Hell, you would at least have daemons around you and torture going on. He grinned. That was something Dean would say. Until this moment, Cass wasn't quite sure he had mastered the use of sarcasm. It could still confuse him now and then. But he had understood it enough to make jokes about his own afterlife. He considered this growth.
“So that he wouldn’t go around scratching. Yeah, I get it!”. Dean lowered his hands to his hips and stared at his feet. His breathing was still shallow, but he seemed less angry. Cas took it as a sign that it was safe to approach and laid a hand on Dean’s shoulder, squeezing it gently. “So, what now?” Dean asked, without looking at him.
“Hey, you good?” Claire nudged him on the shoulder. He blinked, noticing that he had probably spent longer than he should staring at nothing. He smiled at her.
“You look in his direction and I’ll have you on the ground before you can move a muscle”, Cas warned her. Benny had never seen him like this: fully angelic, terrifying, merciless. One could almost forget he was dressed in a hospital gown and a wrecked trench coat. Julietta could feel it too, and stepped further away from the angel, taking care not to look at where Dean laid on the ground. Why hadn’t he stood up yet? Castiel had probably healed him before helping him.
Sam watched as the door to Ben’s room shut behind Cas. He had seen when Claire came out of the room, marching heavily towards her own, with a clouded expression. He heard her slam the door so hard behind her he knew Dean would have to take a look at it after she left.
believe that. Well, he saw the way Cas and Dean looked at each other. He had a hard time believing they hid
“Yes, unless I drink the whole liquor store”.
his eggs, used to tell him they were too dry (to which he replied that Sam had never complained, and she retorted that she was not Sam). She and Ben preferred moisty eggs, with a lot of milk, and black pepper instead of plain salt as a flavoring. He never admitted it out loud (Dean still had his pride, after all), but Lisa’s eggs were a lot better than his. After a few months, he couldn’t bear the taste of the dry, flavorless scrambled eggs he had spent three decades of his life-consuming. And now Dean had been making Lisa’s eggs without even thinking about it for the past seven years. He completely forgot about where they had come from.
was the exact moment he realized just how much he liked Cas, and how thankful he was for having him by his side. Their relationship had gone through many ups and downs (mostly downs) over the past year, with the whole business with Crowly and souls, then with Sam... Dean suddenly realized he hadn’t told Cas how much he was grateful for having him back. Not properly, anyway.
“I have faith”, he said, after softly pulling away.
“Why am I not buying this?”, Claire interrupted. She was still standing close to Dean, looking skeptically from him to Castiel. Dean rolled his eyes at her.
“Even direct contact with you didn’t trigger anything too deep. Only a mild discomfort”, Cas added. “The memories are, or at least were, very well buried”.
Sam had started stitching him, but the needle had already pierced his skin about four times by now and he was too busy trying not to cry out of pain to worry about infections. Kaia and Claire were sited at the map table near the entrance, admiring his suffering from a safe distance while he and Sam were sited at a long wood table, a few steps further into the bunker. The first aid kit had seemingly materialized in Sam’s hands the second he laid eyes on the dirty (and now bloody) cloth poorly wrapped around Ben’s forearm.
Cas pulled Dean harshly by the arm down the hallway until they were far enough from the kitchen not to be heard. Then he turned around and pinned Dean against the wall with one arm. It looked effortless, which was always a good reminder of how strong Cas actually was. Their faces were very close, and a small part of Dean’s dirty mind reminded him that this would be an extremely arousing situation if it weren’t for Cas’s extremely annoyed stare. Well, Cas’s stares were usually arousing with or without fury in them, but it wasn’t the time to think about that.
“You see, Benjamin” a familiar voice came from above him, but being held down as he was Benny couldn’t look at who was talking. Although he didn’t need to look. He knew exactly who it was. “This is what you get from turning on your kind”. The owner of the voice finally appeared in his field of vision, kneeling beside Benny’s head and locking her eyes on his “Your kind will eventually turn on you too”.
"As long as the Empty says you have" Jack answered. "I can't tell you how time's going to feel for you in there. It could feel like days or it could feel like seconds". He paused for a very long moment as if he was considering if he should add something or leave it at that.
“What was your mother’s name, Dean?” He asked. Claire frowned at him, surprised by the question, but Dean didn’t seem upset. Just tired. Just sad.
Dean didn’t react, so Cas added:
All five pairs of eyes turned to him at the same time. Dean gave them his best smile and marched into the kitchen, stopping by the cupboard to get a mug for himself and filling it with coffee before positioning himself beside Cas.
not the right time. “If it doesn’t work…” Cas hesitated before continuing. His tone was serene. Dean held his breath, fearing the angel’s next words, but Cas simply said: “thank you. For everything.”
Ben’s head snapped up and he was surprised to see Sam smiling at him. He thought they had forgotten he was still there. “Hunh?”
“The human’s got a point”.
“Jack does”, Claire answered, looking fondly at the kid. “Or at least he likes to”.
Once they were outside, he bought a candy bar from a snack machine and sat down on a bench. Cas stood beside him, very entertained by something on his phone. Dean gave him a few moments to see if the angel would react to his presence, but Cas’s eyes remained glued to the screen. Dean nudged him gently.
“There will be more, you know?” She told the angel “More groups, more attacks. Leviathan don’t really like us, but they hate you a lot more”.
"Come here!" Sam screamed, louder, and more urgently. "Now!"
control. What he
“It contains silver, among other things. It’s a hunter’s lighter. Has a few protective spells on it. Some iron, I think. Pretty useful”, Dean explained. He was leaning over the journal, probably trying to see if something had changed. From the satisfying grin that formed on his face, it had. “Yatzy!”
The angel didn’t answer. He was caught off guard by that. It was not the first time Dean had told him something like that. Cas had heard “
“Hey, where’s Jack?”
“You should rest” the angel warned him, keeping a strong hold of his arm to keep him steady.
"I got the recipe right, I suppose" Cass frowned.
“We are going to figure this out”, he repeated, with certainty.
Ben took a moment to assimilate the scene unfolding around him. Things had gone from ‘dangerous’ to ‘awkward’ and were now settled at this strange vibe of domestic familiarity. He suddenly felt more out of his depth than ever. Kaia was the first one to speak again. She even had an honest smile on her face when she asked:
Cas complied. Dean had laid down entirely by now. His head rested heavily on one of his arms as if he was preparing himself to sleep. He had dropped his blade on the ground beside him, close enough to reach in case of an emergency, but otherwise, he seemed completely relaxed. ‘
long for this place”. He realized he was pleading by now, but he didn’t care. Cas needed the hunter to move on. “You don’t belong here, Dean.”
” when Dean found him by the river months ago.  Cas kept track of comments as simple as
“That what happened to you and Dean?” Benny didn’t mean to make that question. It simply came out. For a second he thought Cas wouldn’t answer, but the angel simply went quiet for a second, as if he was considering his answer carefully.
“From scratch”, Dean answered, and fuck his life, the déjà vu hit him
“You know what?” He said, after finally catching his breath. “I’m gonna let you figure that one by yourself, buddy”. He smacked Cas’s ass playfully before rising from the armchair, laying a soft kiss on his lips before walking towards the door. “Come on. Before I change my mind and decide to kidnap you and take off through the back exit.”
“Sammy? Something you feel like sharing with the rest of the class?”
that urge and remember he was carrying someone, otherwise Ben might be lying on the floor at this point.
For maybe the first time ever, Sam felt that the monster of the week could wait. From what he and Cas had gathered on the nest’s M.O., they’d probably lay low for at least another week or so before striking again, which meant no one was at imminent danger at the moment.
Ben was struck by that. He hadn’t exactly had a constant father figure for most of his life, but still the way Dean spoke unlocked something familiar in his chest he couldn’t name. It was like finally experiencing something you have been missing for a long time. Nostalgic. Ben opened his mouth to argue but closed it again right after.
“Wow, that sounded like a dream”, Dean spit, suddenly yearning for a whisky more than anything else. “Ever realized I can’t run from them either?”
“….ink his waking up”, he heard a voice saying. Far, far away. His vision started coming into focus slowly after that. The voice called again. “Ben? Are you listening to me?”
“There’s nothing to talk about. Not really”, Benny reassured him, because it was mostly true. “I’ve been here for ages. Sometimes is easier to be alone and sometimes is easier to be with someone else.”
“Then I’d be crazy to pass on the opportunity of a masterclass, right Dean?”. She winked at him with a smile. Dean returned it, thinking about all the ways he could strangle her without Cas finding out about it.
The boy flushed slightly, looking guiltily down the mountain of paper in his arms.
“Claire, I have no idea what you’re talking about, but…”
Unconsciously, Dean moved one hand to his shoulder, where there was a fading handprint on his skin. The mark Cas had left on him when he raised him from hell. God, how long was that? Four years now? The angel was so different back then, every inch of him a righteous soldier, extremely obnoxious and not very pleasant to be around. Nothing like the guy who had crashed the impala naked and covered in bees a few months back. Truth is, Dean secretly liked both versions of Cas: the warrior and the nutjob. But neither of them was his favorite. His favorite was the Castiel who had zapped him out of the green room after shoving Zacharia God knows where, the one who turned his back on heaven for him, who had thrown him against a wall and beaten the shit out of him when he thought about surrendering to Michael. The Castiel who had shown up at a very surprised prophet’s house and said: "We are making it up as we go”. Looking back on those memories, Dean decided
The first time Claire felt what it was like to have a sibling, or something similar to it, at least, was with Alex. They didn’t always get along, but she knew Alex was there if she needed her to be. It was a good feeling.
“So basically, anything hunting-related”, Dean guessed.
“So, you ready to do this?”
"Probably. The good thing is, Jack is probably going to be so happy about you coming back, he won't even have time to get angry with me".
she yelled. He smiled politely at her in the hopes she would let him sleep. There was no reason to be this loud. “Ben, can you hear me? Who did you steal this from?”
“See?" Dean turned to Cas again and pointed at Benny. "Even Twilight here agrees”
That was all the confirmation Sam needed. He walked to Jack and hug the kid tighter than he ever had. Jack returned the embrace tenderly, and Sam was relieved to notice that Jack felt very human. He was warm, and physically nothing had changed. He was still a lot shorter than Sam, for starters. When Jack finally pulled back from the hug, Sam took a moment to look at him: he looked so grown up. His features were unchanged, but his eyes had matured considerably. He had the expression of an old man with a lot of experience, like a father or a grandfather who had live through a great deal. He also looked as if he was at ease with everything, peaceful on the inside. Sam could not help but feel a little proud.
It was going to be hard adjusting. Not being in constant danger. Remembering that not every single person that steps in your way was a threat. It would take a while. And Cas wasn’t going to be there to help.
That whole conversation would have shocked Ben if he’d paid attention to any of it. Unfortunately, the second his eyes met the lighter, his heart skipped a beat and he stopped listening to a thing they said. It wasn’t possible.
“I was joking, but I’m glad you also think there’s a need for a spy”. He was more awake now but kept his eyes closed and didn’t move his head from Cas’s lap, which the angel was very grateful for.
liked the sex, more than he had ever assumed he would, but these were his favorite moments: when Dean would allow himself to soften under his touch, completely relaxed. The hunter had always been more open to this sort of affection after sex. Or maybe he was just more vulnerable at those moments and didn’t find the strength to deny it then. After their first night together, Dean fell asleep with his head on Castiel’s chest, while the angel drew slow circles on his naked back. The flawless back he assembled, molecule by molecule, after raising Dean from Hell. Perfection, contrary to popular belief, not only existed but also had a face and a name.
It took Dean a moment to understand what Cass was trying to say, and when he did, he felt almost offended.
“I want Claire to be absolutely certain that the adults in her life love and care for her. Otherwise, she might develop insecurities and a tendency to repress emotion and/or self-destructive behavior”, he said, as if quoting from a psychology book (which he probably was).
“The bottom drawer in an old cabinet”, he gave a sad, dry laugh. It didn’t make any sense. “At my mother’s house”.
“A little bit, yeah”. Dean’s smile widened. Somehow, even during the worst possible situations, Cas could still make him smile. He threw his arm around the angel's shoulder. “Come on, man. We’ll think of a celebration for you as well. Benny’s will probably be robbing a blood bank.”
"I was too slow the last time we saw each other, Cass", he said. "I've been too slow for the past 15 years when it comes to you."
“You just don’t know exactly
“Can I keep it?”, She asked, clearly joking. She was already walking towards the cabinet to return it when she said it.
“Shit”, he said, letting out a long breath. “I was beginning to think we would avoid this conversation forever”.
“Don’t worry”, Benny’s voice pulled Dean back to reality. He raised himself from the ground, pushing Cas’s hand away from his abdomen and sitting with his back straight in a single movement. Cas’s other hand, the one who had been holding up his head, slid down to his shoulder and remained there. The vampire approached them with a teasing smile on his face. “We got everything under control”
“And then what? You just decided to follow the guy?”
“You think?”
“Don’t ruin this for me, angel”, Benny elbowed Cas’s arm playfully.
“Yeah. Well, I wonder who I should blame for that”, she grumbled, throwing an accusatory glance at Castiel, who looked so overwhelmingly hurt by the comment that Ben felt sorry for him.
Looking angrily at the silent phone on her bed, she wondered what her girlfriend could be doing right now. What could be so important she wasn’t able to take the one phone call Claire needed her to take.  She wasn’t even sure what she would tell Kaia if she did answer the phone. “
Jack was beaming with excitement as he sat shotgun, leaving Claire and Ben to take their place on the back seat. Since he would be the one actually learning to drive, it seemed a fitting arrangement, although Claire immediately pointed out that they would be rotating seats as soon as they got to wherever they were going.
“Alright. Are you ready?” Dean pulled his knife and made a clean cut on his forearm. The sharp pain was very familiar, but that didn’t make it any less of a bitch. He turned to Benny “Just like we talked about”.
"You ok, kiddo?" He asked her after the ceremony was over. She shrugged.
“Yes, Dean. I’m afraid it really is Ben”. Cas sighed. “Or it wasn’t a daemon, at least. We should still test him with silver, though”.
wasn’t ready to come out to that girl as the-guy-who-(technically)-was-sleeping-with-her-father’s-former-body
, and that made all the difference. If they had more time, he might be able to analyze his own feelings on the subject. But there wouldn’t be. Dean would be out of Purgatory sooner rather than later, and he would be left alone with his thoughts. There was no reason to torture himself trying to understand something that he would never be able to enjoy. Maybe just having that memory would have to be enough. He opened his mouth to try to talk to Dean again:
Claire's eyes dropped to her feet. Getting a loved one back will do wonders for your humor. She knew that. Jack placed a hand on her shoulder.
“Do you think one spell worked on all of them?” Ben asked. He was trying to look at whatever was on the pages now, but to do so he would have to get neat Dean, and he was still trying to avoid that.
, let go of Castiel’s hand.
Dean’s smile widened. He raised a hand so that his finger could entangle themselves in the angel’s hair.
Benny sighed and followed Dean closely. He picked up a tune (take me home, country roads) and started whistling. Dean didn’t seem to mind. He was calm at first, focused on the trail ahead of them, blade at hand and heartbeat under control. It took about fifteen whole minutes for him to begin showing signs of uneasiness again. He got more and more restless as they went on, frenetically searching the woods around them, eyes jumping from one point to the other and back again. His hand tightened so much around the handle of his knife that Benny was sure he was impairing the blood circulation on his knuckles. If tense muscles could make a sound, Dean’s would be screaming right now.
“You? Out”, he told her, pointing at the door. “And keep an eye on Jack”.
Maybe she just... wouldn’t tell Kaia. Maybe she would just ask her how her day was going, if the classes had started, and if she liked her new schedule. If her roommate was still the same jerk as last semester. And then she would just keep quiet while Kaia spoke. Letting her girlfriend’s voice calm her down, distract her from her own thoughts.
know that”.
“Do you know how to drift?”, he asked, and pleasantly watched as Ben’s mouth twitched into a smile. That’s the Ben he remembered. Never able to remain bitter for very long.
“Can you handle him?” the angel asked. One look to Dean was enough to tell Benny that he probably couldn’t. The hunter’s heartbeat, which had remained steady for a while now, was beginning to race again. Dean was trying to keep himself under control, but the vampire could see how hard that was right now.
given their current situation. “Just saying Purgatory is a big place. I’m sure even with the two of you calling out for every single monster around us we might be able to catch a couple of hours of tranquility”.
He opened his mouth to answer, but nothing came out. He didn’t tell Dean for the same reason he never asked his mom about it. It was his secret. His precious little secret adults weren’t supposed to know about. That, and the fact he wasn’t sure if he trusted Dean.
“Don’t!” She took an equivalent step back, raising one hand to stop him. “Please. Just…”
Cas swallowed the guilt about lying to Dean that was creeping upon him. He had made up his mind a long time ago, and it didn’t matter what Dean said, he was not leaving Purgatory. He didn’t deserve to leave. But he also didn’t want to let Dean go without talking to him. The hunter deserved a life outside, one that was not hunted by Castiel’s mistakes or Dean's own fears and repressed feelings. And most of all, Castiel didn’t want Dean to
The angel stopped talking when they came in, exchanging a quick smile with Dean before picking up the journals he and Claire were studying and taking them to the others. There were three of them, all thick notebooks with brown leather covers. Ben had seen those journals millions of times (they were also identical to the ones he had in his car) but seeing them in the bunker still warmed his heart. Asa would be pleased to know that his writing was still helping hunters.
Claire didn't know how to answer that. She was surprised by it, but nodded. Yes, she knew Cas had died. Fortunately, the brothers had only told Jody about that after Cas had already come back, so Claire never got to mourn him. Part of her was angry about that, but the other part was thankful. She didn’t know how she would have dealt with it. Probably not very well.
“So... how did
“Did Asa keep a diary? Or I don’t know. Some sort of record?”. Ben nodded.
“Anyway”, Ben continued, pulling down his sleeve to hide the scar. Dean couldn’t describe how relieved he felt when the kid’s arm was covered by Sam’s blue flannel once again. “I got away, Jeremy didn’t. I was taken to the hospital after that and people kept telling me that we had been attacked by a bear, which I knew for a fact wasn’t true. I saw that thing when it was chewing up my arm. Of course, everyone kept saying it was the trauma, that I was imagining things, the usual.”
"Why do you drink it every day if you don't like it?"
“My point is”, Jack rushed to explain. “When he tried to apologize, I told him I didn’t understand. That he shouldn’t feel sorry for feeling the way he did. And he told me he wasn’t sorry about the way he felt, he was sorry for the way he
When he was sure Cas wouldn’t follow Claire, Dean let go of his arm and walked slowly to where she dropped the lighter. Recognition struck him before he even touched the object. When he took it in his hands, he held it as if it was a piece of burning iron. As if it was both heavy and painfully hot.
“Oh, I have plenty of ideas about what I’d like to do with my free time”, Dean offered, mischievously, while lowering his hands to Cas’s hips in a suggestive motion. The angel blinked at him with an adorably confused expression in his eyes.
"None taken", Cas answered, sounding so distracted that Dean was surprised he had actually listened to what Benny had said. Though of course, Castiel was always listening to everything.
Once Benny seems settled enough, Dean turned to Cas, who had remained silent throughout the whole procedure. Dean wondered how he felt about seeing him taking in a soul inside his body if it triggered anything in Cas after what he’d been through. “Let’s go”, he tells the angel. Cas nods and they start moving towards the portal.
He still wore the trench every time they went out for a case, kind of like a uniform or maybe an amour. Dean assumed he had chosen to wear it this morning for the sake of Claire. He planned on telling her about him and Dean with words instead of letting her reach the conclusion by herself after watching him drink coffee in his boyfriend’s clothes. Dean cringed slightly at that word, even if he was using it just for himself. Sam used it, half-jokingly, half-encouraging, in a meaningful attempt to help Dean get used to it. And he was getting used to it, but neither Dean nor Cas had ever said it out loud (although Cas didn’t really grasp the importance of relationship labels, so it didn’t really seem to matter to him one way or the other). Another baby step, for sure. Sighing, Dean began walking over to Cas to ask him what was going on when Ben recovered his ability to speak.
“That’s probably genetic”, Dean told him, and the joke took a couple of seconds to sink in, but when it did, Cas looked deeply offended.
“I just need to heal him!” Castiel answered. His hands were already glowing over Dean’s wound.
. It was such a human thought he couldn’t quite believe it was real. He shouldn’t feel like this, it wasn’t in his nature.
Cas figured he planned to run into other monsters and get some information about the whereabouts of the portal if he could. It was information they would hardly give him if he was accompanied by an angel and a human. He said if he wasn’t back in half an hour, they should go fetch him. Dean and Benny had no way of keeping track of time, but Cas could do it. He had been the one counting days and weeks and months since they had gotten there. He nodded in agreement.
“Can’t you make it disappear?” Dean asked, trying not to sound as desperate as he actually felt. He knew where that feeling was coming from: wraith’s venom will heighten your emotions. Nervousness becomes hysteria, anxiety becomes despair, fear becomes terror. He had to pace himself.
"So, what was so freaking import..." His eyes locked on Jack and he looked as if he had seen a ghost. Jack gave him the same soft, pure smile he had just given Sam and raised his hand to great Dean.
“So what?" He asked, roughly. "She just thinks you’re road tripping the country with friends?” Ben kept his eyes on the ground, and Dean caught something familiar in his posture. Was it guilt? Shame? Both were very fitting emotions, in his opinion.
She had tried calling right after leaving the library. Then again, after she got to Ben’s room. A third time after Dean politely asked her to
“How are you feeling, Dean?” Cas asked, taking Dean’s face between his hands and pulling him closer to examine his eyes. Dean felt the proximity with his whole body. The warmth of Cas’s hands, the intensity of his eyes, the inexplicable smell of honey that seemed to travel with him no matter how bloody and dirty he was. He nervously pushed Cas away.
“Dude, I’m not blind”, he said softly, looking from the angel to his brother. “The point is: you two had enough on your plates already. I could handle two curious kids”.
“Yeah. Sure”. She didn’t seem to believe it, which was predictable. “How did it go with Kaia?”
“You don’t know that”, Dean told him. Cas smiled and pushed Dean’s chin up, laying a soft kiss on his lips. Because he could. Because Dean let him. Because Dean needed to be reminded that being a part of his life wasn't a burden. It was an honor.
“We don’t know” Cas answered, honestly, finally letting go of Dean and turning his eyes to face Benny. There was a sense of solemnity on him “And that’s part of the problem. Dean doesn’t like not knowing what’s going on with Sam.”
“I won’t drop anything!” Dean grumbled. Decades of impeccable eye-hand coordination and combat expertise and all it took was two bad days for everyone to start treating him like a toddler. “And yeah, it may not be the best idea, but the kid will try to take off as soon as the girls do. I have to hold him here a little longer.”
“Well, I do”, Cas told him. “You went away, and you erased yourself from their memories because you were trying to keep them safe from the things in your life”. Cas stroke his fingers gently through Dean’s cheek. “And you also went away because you didn’t want to turn into your father”.
fix it, and you need to let him do that, otherwise what happened today will keep happening." Dean continued, in a seriously low voice. "And what if the next time it happens while you’re in the middle of a highway? Or a hunt? You’re just gonna pass out and hope you don’t die?”
Cas held him by the arm as the vampire began moving. “I should go”. It was his job to make rounds when they stopped. He was faster and could sense monsters. Benny relinquished his arm with a soft movement and gave Cas a playful wink.
“So, miracles do happen!” Claire joked, arching one eyebrow.
Dean took three long breaths, shutting his eyes for a moment. When he opened them again, he faced her as honestly as he could and told her the absolute truth:
“And therefore, he wouldn’t go around scratching that wall. Yes.” Cas turned his eyes to the ground, suddenly upset. His choice of words wasn’t an accident. They all knew what ‘scratching the wall’ meant, and Sam was aware of the guilt the angel still carried because of that incident. He let it go without further comment on the subject. Instead, he turned his attention back to Dean.
Dean looked at him, still apprehensive, but trying not to flip. His breathing was too fast, but he looked at Benny and
______________________________________________________________
much better. He still spent almost three days avoiding direct eye contact with the angel after they were finished, but at least there hadn’t been any shoving involved. Well, there had been the sexy kind of shoving, but not the ashamed kind of shoving that usually followed it. Which was progress.
“I’m going to have some pie”, he said, with a bigger smile than should ever be possible in a place like Purgatory. The angel rolled his eyes, but a smile escaped his lips as well. It was good to know there was still a part of old Dean in there, no matter how much Purgatory had changed him. “You’re laughing at me, but I’m not kidding, man.”
Dean knew he had just made the situation a lot worse by walking away like that. Hell, it was probably the dumbest thing he could possibly have done. Dean prided himself on his own ability to suppress any major crises until he was alone. He had to learn to do that since he was a kid. Every time dad went away and didn’t come back for days, he had to swallow his fear for Sam, and play it cool until his brother was asleep and so he could finally curl himself up somewhere and cry his eyes out because he was terrified his father wouldn’t be back this time. Then he had to learn to put on a brave face for his father because John would often ask Dean to patch him up after a hunt, and Dean couldn’t do that if his hands were trembling while holding a needle. And eventually, he learned to do that for himself. Not freaking out in front of people? Swallowing panic before it could take over? One hell of a surviving skill in his line of work. Great upside when playing poker as well. But Ben and Lisa? He had closed that door a long time ago. It was a part of his past he had buried deep inside himself and
exposition to the supernatural that is causing the headaches”, Dean raised an eyebrow at him.
“We have a bigger house”, Dean replied, smiling at Cas. The angel finally pocketed his phone and sat by Dean’s side. It was a weirdly human thing to do, Dean thought. Cas usually remained standing, still like a weird-looking statue. Dean knew he didn’t
“Sam did”, Jack replied. She studied the kid for a second, trying to figure out how much he knew.
“Oh, I do”, said Kaia, enthusiastically.
’ being the operative word here, since Cas could feel the tension in his muscles and the heaviness of his breathing.
The beam of light was right above them, and Dean could feel its pull. He ran as fast as he could towards it, which, granted, wasn’t very fast since he was also exhausted and hurting all over. Still, Cas fell behind him, dragging his pace the closer they got to the portal. When Dean finally reached the light and stepped inside it, he turned back and realized his friend had fallen a couple of feet away. Cas was struggling to pull himself up.
"Please, Jack" He pulled her closer to him as gently as he could so not to wake her up. Her body was so small next to his. "Just let them talk".
. Sure, maybe tag along with Dean and Cas to go see action on the field would be more exciting, but he hadn’t been invited for that. And still, Sam’s research was
"What could you possibly offer me?" The Empty laughed, scoffing at him.
For a second, he wondered if he had pushed too far. Ben looked as if he was considering jumping out of the car. He had more than a few reasons not to trust Dean. Instead, the kid smiled at him like someone saying
"You have nothing to be sorry for"
Claire rolled her eyes, but Dean could tell she was genuinely concerned. The girl followed Jack to help him with the cleaning, and Cas dragged Dean out of the kitchen before Ben or Kaia could add anything that would make the whole situation even more awkward (as if that was even possible).
After that, he got too busy to bother himself with what was going on with Dean but caught eventual glimpses of the fight between the hunter and the wraith with his side vision. For most of the time, it looked as though Dean had the advantage. He was more skilled than the wraith, although not as agile, and had managed to hurt it in a few places, including a deep wound on the left side of its body. It looked as though the fight was already won, so Benny wasn’t expecting to hear the sound of flesh tearing as Dean let out a hollow sound, the air escaping his lungs. He didn’t scream, which was probably worse. Simply bent forward where the monster’s spike had pierced his body then fell back when it pulled it out.
“Oh, you really didn’t have to worry so much”, Ben hastened to reassure him. He felt suddenly embarrassed under the attention he was receiving. “My mom was absolutely fine. She was confused for a couple of hours, but we were discharged on the same day. We weren’t hurt or anything like that”.
Benny and Dean let off a long sigh at the same time.
"And that his sacrifice was not in vain", Jack added. He looked deeply at Dean when saying it, and Dean asked himself what could the kid possibly be implying by that. There was not much time for speculation. Jack snapped his fingers (how very Chuck of him!) and opened a rift. Its glow was not yellow or orange, like Jack's rifts to other worlds. It had a pale, bluish glow. Which Dean couldn't help but think was kind of ironic.
For brothers, Sam and Dean Winchester didn’t really look alike. Sam was a lot taller, with darker, longer hair. Dean was buffier but had surprisingly fine facial features (Ben was sure he would look a lot less mean without that frown). Their eye color didn’t match either and they sounded very different from each other. Still, he could see some resemblance, more in the way they carried themselves than because of their looks. Both men had a similar, imposing presence, that made them almost impossible to ignore, but they also carried the same tiredness on their faces. A sense of exhaustion you only acquire after being beaten up by life more times than you could handle and picking yourself back up is starting to get a little too hard. Ben had seen that expression on other hunters before, but it weighed differently on the Winchester brothers, for some reason.
“And dying”, Dean completed.
“Smart guy”, Dean made a mental note to thank this anonymous hunter somewhere in the future.
gorgeous, but it was always nice to hear it from someone else’s mouth.
“Dean, what do you miss about Earth?” The hunter laughed, but then he realized he was laughing alone and stared back at Cas as if the angel had just told him unicorns were real.
“That’s a nice way to put it”, Kaia remarked, reaching for her own mug, and taking a long sip before finally realizing that someone else had come in. “Oh, hey Dean”.
“There it is”, Cas said, in a very low voice. “It’s reacting to you”.
"As I have told Jack..."
"I thought it would be ironic to take on this form while I was remodeling," The empty said, looking around as if it was admiring its work. "He created me, you know? That never bothered me. I'm not picky. Dark and silent would do just fine" Another smile, more pleased this time. "But Jack... Jack gave me a bit more freedom".
“The whole place feels it” he finished her sentence. Somehow, he had always known that even though no one had ever stated it out loud.
“You call that a friend?”
“Claire is here”, he said. He studied them a while longer before adding: “and I think Cas made a breakthrough with the journals”.
Dr. Silva seemed to think about it for a moment but eventually shrugged. “The whole thing is weird. Draining an entire family of their blood while they sleep? I mean, who does that?”
going on there. “Driving lessons from Dean are something I wouldn’t want to miss”.
At first, Ben decided he liked Sam better. Not that it was much of a contest. Dean’s first reaction to seeing him was breaking a glass of whisky and turning away before Ben could finish saying his name. Sam had at least greeted him as any functional person would.
“There’s no way to tell for sure, ma’am, but we’re not crossing out any possibilities just yet”. She’d raised her eyebrows, looking slightly impressed for a second.
“Ok, so we’re either going with ‘Campbell family lighter’ or ‘another super old traditional hunter family whose name also begins with C’.” Ben let out a tired breath. He was trying not to sound as bitter as he felt but was pretty sure he had failed. “I’m sure there’s plenty of those out there”.
Cas’s shoulders dropped and he let out a sight. “Dean…”
Dean shrugged. He didn’t really have an answer for that.
in Purgatory. No one should look
Ben blinked twice before the shapes around him started to make sense. There was Claire, directly above him, looking worried. Then there was Dean, in the driver’s seat, looking back over his shoulder (that didn’t seem very safe. They were driving really fast). Jack was sitting shotgun, also looking over his shoulder towards Ben.
“This time” he hissed at Benny.
When they finally pulled apart, Dean’s hair was gorgeously unraveled, but he was still wearing one too many layers of clothing in Castiel’s opinion.
Benny opened his mouth to tell him there was no time but he was thrown violently on the ground by something. He could barely get a grip of his blade when he felt as if a chunk of his arm was being chopped off. And it turned out it was, by a young werewolf who had his teeth out, holding onto a large piece of flesh that he assumed was skin and muscle ripped from his left arm. Benny showed him his own fangs but was quickly held down by two other attackers, who held him down by the shoulders. He tried desperately to break free, but their grip was too tight and the werewolf ho had bitten him was still on top of him as well.
“You know, once we get out of here, the first thing I’m doing is buying you guys a beer and…”
Without letting go of Dean’s hand, Cas came a little closer and, in an unexpected motion, bent down and pressed a kiss to Dean’s hair. It was so tender that Dean felt himself leaning into it before he could even realize what he was doing. He let his head fall heavily against Cas’s torso, resting it on the soft fabric of the white shirt. Cas’s shirts always had a “freshly washed” smell. Dean sometimes wondered if he had ever washed any of them or if that was just what happened to any piece of clothing that came in contact with his angel. He allowed his body to relax a little, embraced by the warmth of Cas’s body and the softness of the fabric against his forehead.
Dean let off a long breath, one he probably didn’t even realize he was holding. He stood up and took three steps back, giving space so that Castiel could take his place beside the bed. Ben looked up at him, his heart beating so fast he was afraid it might burst out of his chest. The angel looked calm, which might be a good sign. He raised two fingers to Ben, just like he had done at the garage.
sleepy in a couple of minutes”, he told Ben, raising his eyebrows to prove he was being serious. “I took the pain away, but it will come back if we don’t do something about it”, he answered. Dean snapped his head at him, surprised.
about the problem is usually very different from
But now things were different, better. They were almost a year into this thing (Dean wasn’t sure about when exactly the “relationship” itself had officially started – if it ever had – so he used their first night together as a generic time marker), and by now he was absolutely spoiled. Cas didn’t really need to sleep, but he had developed the habit of dozing off next to Dean while running his fingers through the hunter’s hair. Dean wasn’t sure if dozing off was the correct word for it. It was more as if Cas disconnected for a bit, sort of like a computer in sleep mode. When Dean woke up, Cas’s eyes would pop open immediately to stare at him, and he would smile at Dean as if he was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen in his life. It used to bother him; the way Cas looked at him like he was precious. He felt embarrassed, in part because no one had ever looked at him like that before and in part because he felt undeserving of it. He still did, even after all this time. But now he also kind of missed it when it wasn’t there. He missed everything about Cas when he wasn’t there (not that he would ever admit that
Cas replied with a tired laugh. “It was a quick answer to an easy question, Dean. I’ve known you for too long now to envision a different future for any of us”. The angel’s fingers were now threading slowly through Dean’s hair in a soothing movement. They stayed like that in comfortable silence for a long time until Dean finally spoke:
Dean felt his mouth go dry.
“We can’t control how we feel", He told her. "Only how we act. Dean was sad and angry, which he
“Benny” the vampire corrected him. Cas rolled his eyes and continued as if he had not been interrupted.
“As I told you they would”, Dean told him, taking a big bite of his candy bar. “They are young, they are in love, and they live in a house with a bunch of other women where everyone has to share a room. They are going to enjoy each other for as long as they can”.
“What is the first thing you want to do when we get back?” Dean was changing subjects on purpose, preventing him from talking, and Cas knew it. But his voice sounded so carefree that it would be a shame to spoil it with an argument.
Dean swallowed hard. It was a really bad option, and they both knew it.
The eggs, still mostly liquid at that point, were splattered over the oven and the floor and Dean could already tell that would be a bitch to clean up. He exhaled deeply. How could he be so careless? He had completely forgotten that
With Jack, it had been a little more awkward at first. In the beginning, she never knew if she should treat him like a child or a grown man. On one hand, he seemed to always be fighting celestial beings or putting himself in mortal danger. On the other, he liked fruit loops and clone wars marathons. He could heal and read minds, but he also had a magician faze a couple of months back (he invited everyone for a magic show where, ironically, he kept getting the card tricks wrong. Everyone applauded regardless). Claire knew Jack was one of the most powerful begins on the planet, but she also felt very protective towards him. She wanted him to remain happy and innocent for as long as possible. Maybe that’s kind of how it felt to have a baby brother. Maybe.
The fact that Claire let herself be dragged without much protest was the confirmation he needed that something was off.  She followed him silently up the stairs with nothing but a slight frown, looking over her shoulder before they closed the heavy metal doors behind them to make sure no want was following. Once they were clear and locked outside, she finally turned to face him.
"Dean, what's going on?" Cass managed to ask. He was also holding on to Dean, feeling weaker and heavier than he had in many years.
“Hunn”, Dean muttered, turning his attention back to the photographs inside the folder.
Dean nodded in response.
to touch Cas, to keep him close, to feel his warmth and his presence. And they were in Purgatory. They were doomed already and there was no one close to judge, so why not? Why hold back? He wasn’t holding back with the killings – he felt a lot freer than he had in a very long time – why should he hold back when it came to Cas?
“Try me”
“The effect of the poison seems quite strong, maybe because he was run through by the wraith or because this is purgatory. I’m not sure. But I thought it would be safer to keep him asleep for now.
for years. And she likes you Cas, a lot. More than she’ll ever care to admit”.
Jack was waiting for them in the living room when Dean finally decided there was nothing else he could do to be prepared. Truth is, he could have been preparing himself for the past ten years and it wouldn't have made a difference. The Empty was not something he could predict. Jack smiled at him, looking much older than he actually was. The kid was all dressed in white, which fitted him. He was the perfect match between an Abercrombie and Fitch model and an angel. Or at least what normal people picture when they think of angels.
“What are you going to tell them?”, Cas inquired, following him out of the library.
First of all, I am not entirely sure if people still play subway surfer, but I'm pretty sure they did back in 2019 and that Jack would have loved it.
“I can erase memories, but Dean was very present in Ben’s life for over a year. There are going to be feelings and sensations and even thoughts that were influenced by their time together and I can’t take those away. Not without fundamentally changing the subject as a person”. Cas exhaled deeply. “If he interacts with Dean long enough, he might have a feeling of familiarity, a constant idea that he knows Dean from somewhere, and if he fixates on that idea with enough intensity…”
“Hey, Cas”. Dean raised one of his hands and laid it over the angel’s. Cas’s touch was always able to ground him, somehow. “How are you doing, man?”
?” Dean asked, turning back to look at them once again. Seriously, wasn’t he worried about hitting the car? “He told you about having those before?”
“Everything is ok now!” Jack shook his hand, trying to appease her. “I brought Cas back, and a while later Dean apologized to me. That’s what I was getting at.”
here then?” He asked Castiel. He didn’t intend to sound mean or defiant, but maybe that’s how it came out. He wasn’t sure. He probably didn’t sound very nice though, since he finally got a reaction out of Dean.
Purgatory. Although he couldn’t fully understand the relationship Dean had with the place, he knew that it somehow felt easier, simpler than his life outside.  They needed to have that conversation, otherwise, he wouldn’t forgive himself once Dean was gone. And he would be, really, really soon. With Benny.
“He doesn’t”, Ben repeats, at the exact same time as Dean answers: “I put his mother in the hospital”. Ben froze and turned to Dean, who was very deliberately avoiding his gaze. The boy felt his chest tightening with fear. What was this guy talking about? His mother was fine! He had talked to Lisa over the phone only a day before driving to Kansas. He cast a quick look at Sam and realized the other Winchester looked utterly struck by what he had just heard. No answers there. Turning back to Dean, Ben managed to ask: “You did
”, he thought to himself. “
Cass tried to return the smile as best as he could, but he was still in awe of what had just happened so he probably failed. The next time, he promised himself, he would give that man the best kiss of his life. The sole idea that there would be a second kiss was too much for his new human brain to handle.
“Claire…” Dean took a step forward towards her.
"I've been calling" Dean answered, and Sam was a bit shocked about how much he sounded like a father at that moment. He didn't sound annoyed though.
“Who’s is it?”.
“Yeah, I imagine”, Claire scoffed. She didn’t mean to sound as bitter about it as she did. Luckily, Jack didn’t seem to notice it.
“You two want to get a room?”, Claire asked, mockingly. Dean had his back turned to the table, but he guessed the one who was making obscene sounds because of his breakfast was Ben. Which wasn’t a surprise at all, the kid did the exact same thing when he was younger.
“No, you wouldn’t”, the angel retorted. “You would enjoy it for a month, maybe. But then you’d soon grow bored because you’d have no idea what to do with your free time.”
He sat himself back inside of the car and was met by Claire’s furious glare. He smirked at her.
But his father wouldn’t care. It didn’t matter. Because Sam got hurt and Dean should have been paying more attention.
Cass was never asleep since he got to the Empty, but he had been alone in the darkness. He tried calling for the Empty a few times, but there was no answer. He could hear the movement and the whispers around him, which told him nothing else was asleep as well. He figured that was Jack's fault and couldn't help but feel a little proud. It would be easier, he told himself, once everything got back to sleep. Then maybe he wouldn't feel so alone. This level of loneliness gave him way too much time to think about everything.
She raised her eyes and held his gaze. Her eyes were deep blue, just like Castiel’s, but while his were somehow unnatural, almost alien, in a sense, hers were deeply human. Both were equally piercing, though.
“So you knew it was coming?”
“Just that I should ask if you wanted to talk”, Jack answered, with a shrug. “He said you might need it”.
The hunter knew the frying pan wasn’t big enough for five servings, especially if Ben ate as much as he remembered eating at eighteen, which by some miracle was even more than he ate at 39 (which was still a lot). So, Dean started with five eggs and served it to the kids before going back to the oven to scramble another five, for himself and in case any of them wanted seconds. And yeah, his eggs were a freaking culinary masterpiece so of course they were going to have seconds. He was in the process of adding a bit of black pepper when he heard a moan. And
going to be able to keep this up for much longer”, the angel interrupted, now looking more concerned than annoyed (although there was still a shadow of annoyance). “I wonder if we should…”
) had arrived half an hour before they did, delivered by witchcraft, and Sam and Ben were already working on them.
“You notified Jody about it?” Castiel asked, in a worrying tone.
“Was that a flirtation?” Dean’s grin evolved into full laughter, and every time he thought he was able to control it, Cas’s puzzled expression sent him back into another burst of laughter.
?” He chuckled. “They couldn’t even come up with a good excuse, man”, he added, shrugging at Dean. “They looked pretty harmless, so I just asked them if they wanted to come to the library with me.”
“Where’s the road?” he asked, more firmly this time.
Claire froze. Ben wished he could see what her expression looked like since it was probably hilarious, but he was almost out by now. They could talk about that tomorrow.
“Who’s Sam?” Benny didn’t mean anything by that question. It just slipped away, no second intentions or even real curiosity. Just an automatic response to a name he didn’t know. But he realized he had stroked a nerve as soon as he saw Dean’s face changing, his whole body tensed in a second. Benny was opening his mouth to change the subject or suggest that they kept moving when Cas spoke behind him:
“No”, Dean told him, trying to keep down the fear in his voice. “No way”.
“What gave it away?” Benny gave him his best half crooked smile, but it came out bitter.
Benny raised his eyebrows to Castiel and shrugged. Cas returned the gesture. Neither of them had seen the movie but they had given up in pointing that out to Dean months ago.
“Hey, watch it!” he adverted. “Don’t you talk about her like that”.
"Dean, what do you..."
“Half an hour drive”, he told Dean. “But it might be a bit of a cold lead. Family died almost a month ago”.
He never connected those dots before in his life. The headaches were usually light, never caused him any real trouble, and they went away fast enough for him to attribute them to a skipped meal or a hot day. But now the traces of it were recognizable, and he could no longer unsee it. The lighter…
sexier look than it should be.
“There’s no need”, Castiel reassured him, face still slightly crinkled at the journal. “I believe I know how to break it. Just need a few things”.
“And your mom”, Dean added. Any signs of uneasiness he had displayed so far had vanished and he looked absolutely under control, which gave him a peculiar air of authority. “I wanted to make sure you guys were ok. You know. That I hadn’t caused any…” he hesitated for a brief second, as if searching for the right words. “…permanent damage. So yeah, your face kind of stuck with me, kid”.
“Something's missing here”, she said, more to herself than to him. He agreed with that. There was definitely something missing. Claire addressed him again: “And the lighter? Where did you get it?”
“They are also slightly loose on me”, Castiel continued, “which I find very comfortable. Maybe I should go for Sam’s closet next. I’m sure larger clothes will feel extremely pleasant”.
“Anyway, why do you guys say we get some pizza?”, Sam asked. “I can call Jack and ask him to pick it up before coming back”
“It’s a spell”, Castiel said, running his finger gently over the page, barely touching it. "His real case notes are hidden underneath raw, borderline useless information.”
As I've stated before, this fic doesn't have a well-structured plot. Instead, it was organized as several short stories depicting the time Dean, Cas, and Benny spent on Purgatory. However, the next three chapters will be direct sequences of one another, without a time skip. You could say they are slightly more plot-heavy than the rest of the story.
“Maybe she knew”, Cas offered. Dean scoffed at that.
“And you don’t think
"You talked to the Empty?" Dean looked like he was about to scream, but his voice was unusually weak.
“You seeing anything?” Benny tried not to offend Dean with that question, making sure to come out as relaxed and unconcerned as possible.
This chapter turned out a little shorter than what I usually do, but that's just because the next one is coming up later this week. Chapters 7 and 8 were supposed to be a single chapter but after reading it I decided they worked better with a division between them.
Ben felt his chest tightening with fear.
“Leviathan are sending monsters after us?” Cas frowned. He held an offensive position but didn’t move towards her. A sign he wouldn’t attack if started talking.
“Sam, if they were looking for something that means they already know there’s something to find, or at least they think there is”, Dean told him, swallowing hard.
Ben dragged Claire outside as soon as Dean and Castiel left to make lunch. Leaving the bunker might have been a bit of an overkill, but hey. Secret bunker. One can never be too sure.
Sam looked at him fondly, and for a moment their roles were reversed.
“Don’t treat me like a child”, she warned him. Dean shrugged.
“Uhn”, Benny considered that for a while before answering. “The nice answer would be going to the beach. The nearest beach I could find. Now, the real answer? I’ll probably go looking for the nearest blood bank”.
With this week being the exception (since I'm posting on Monday), I plan on regular updates every Wednesday! (I hope)
“You already know how to drive, Claire”, Dean reminded her, grinding his teeth.  What on earth was that girl up to?
adorable in Purgatory.
Ben started reading the article on top of the pile, which talked about a family with two young children that was murdered in Sioux City about two weeks before. According to the report, the children had disappeared for a week, just to return home, healthy and unharmed, almost a month before the family was killed. They had been found wandering the woods near the family property with no memory of where they’d been. Twenty-five days later, both parents and one of the children were found at home, completely drained of their blood. The younger child, a seven-year-old girl, had disappeared. Ben sighed. This whole case was a mess.
“Three hours of sleep and it’s yours”, he told Sam. The younger Winchester opened his mouth to question, but whatever he was going to say got lost in a big yawn. Dean smirked at him.
.” She paused. “But he’s also impulsive and makes really bad decisions for the right reasons sometimes”. He saw a flicker of something dark in her eyes. Sadness? Anger? It was hard to tell. “He is the shoot first ask questions later kind of guy, and…” she hugged herself, looking as of she was slightly ashamed of what she was saying “… and sometimes people around him get hurt, even when he’s trying to keep them safe.” She raised her eyes to meet his. “I’m sure that if you two crossed paths, he was probably trying to keep you safe too.”
It was a low roof, Dean told himself. It was so close to the ground, he never thought Sam would get hurt. He had just jumped from it himself.
“Human brains are extremely adaptable. When there’s something they don’t understand, or something there’s missing, they fill in the gap to make sense of the whole picture. Like what happens with the natural blind spot you have in your field of vision. Your brain reconstructs the parts of the image that are missing from the information available to it.”
After helping clean up the table, Claire had asked if she could show Ben the shooting range (which didn’t please Dean in the slightest) and vanish for most of the afternoon. They’d also spent a couple of hours with Sam in the library, helping to catalog anything of import in Asa’s journals, and avoided Dean and Castiel for most of the day. Jack was allowed to join them though, but that was just because Claire liked him too much to leave him out of anything. Dinner had been pretty much the same, with small talk over the case, mostly conducted by Sam.
"What's the point of talking to him if we're not bringing him back?" Dean yield, like all his wrath had finally exploded inside him. "He made a deal with the Empty to save your fucking life, and you can't save him now? How is that fair? How is that a good ending after everything he's been through? He said he found his true happiness but that was fucking bullshit! He had no idea what true happiness could even feel like. He didn't have a chance to experience it! He could have lived a whole life!" Dean was crying now, crying hard, and screaming at Jack as if he wanted to kill the kid, but Jack bearly moved a muscle.
“Yeah”, Benny lied, hoping it would sound convincing enough. “Of course I can”.
“Why would I?” He asked. He didn’t like where this conversation was going, and he would feel much better if Claire was here to put a stop to it on his behalf.
“Sometimes I almost forget you’re human, Deano” Benny kicked him playfully on the side “then you open your mouth and remind me that you are in fact as resilient  as an old lady”
“You are mocking me”
“Nope”. Dean raised a hand to cut him off without even opening his eyes. “Whatever you’re going to say, Cas, just don’t, alright?” His voice was harsh, but he wasn’t angry. At least he wasn’t angry
“Mary”, he answered, plainly.
like a boy anymore. Still, even with all that, he was the exact same Ben Dean remembered leaving at a hospital more than seven years before. Same big brown eyes, same round face (just with a slightly sharper jawline), same freaking haircut, for some inexplicable reason. For a moment, Dean was transported back to Ben’s birthday party at Lisa’s old house. And yeah, he was
Ben forced himself to hold Dean’s gaze. The older hunter had a piercing, almost violent look in his eyes, but Ben stood his ground the best he could.
“I haven’t been alive for very long”, he said. “But I know repressing your feelings because you are ashamed of them doesn't seem like a very good idea, and it doesn’t make them go away.”
Cas thought to himself.
“You rebuilt her?” Ben glanced at him, at the same time skeptical and mesmerized.
“I can’t deny it is a weird case, but I didn’t think it was something of federal interest”, she’d said, once Dean explained why they were there.
Sam smiled apologetically at Cas. “Sorry”, he said, more to the angel than to Dean, although he was facing his brother again when he spoke. “That was ages ago. Dean evolved, Claire”.
) Benny never thought about mentioning that he didn’t actually know how the damn thing even looked like? That seemed rather hard to believe.
Cas was the only one who seemed calm. He had been more silent than usual over the past months. Ever since the wraith incident. Dean was finding it harder and harder to read him, and he didn’t like that one bit. No matter how odd the angel’s behavior was, Dean had grown to understand him pretty well. And even when he couldn’t understand what was going on in Castiel’s head, at least he was always able to tell when something was wrong. Now? He wasn’t even sure about that.
"I've got you, Cass", he whispered. "I've got you"
Dean sighed. God. The kid had gotten into college. He had a good life ahead of him. A
“I’m going to check up on him”, she said, already turning back to leave. Her voice trembled a little when she said it. “Just wanted to give you this”
“I think that was the last one”, said Cas, disposing of the body whose insides he had just vaporized. “At least from this group”.
, he told himself.
“Kid, there’s no difference in making scrambled eggs for two people or ten. I just need to know how many eggs I should break”. Ben blushed hard at that.
Sam exchanged a quiet look with the kid and agreed with his head. He would convince Dean to talk to Cass, and Jack knew it. The boy gave them one last smile before leaving.
“What’s happening to me?” He asked, and his voice came out as a whisper. To his surprise, Dean knelt beside de bed, so that he and Ben were almost at eye level. He looked a little less frightening (or at least a little less angry. Scared, maybe? Anxious?)
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
“He was complaining about it yesterday”, Claire told him. Ben frowned. He had almost forgotten about that. “But it wasn’t this bad”.
For a long time, I thought I would give this fic a happy epilogue. I tried to write it multiple times. But it just wasn't working. So this turned out to be a canon adjacent fic, almost a coda, instead of a canon divergence. I like to imagine that's how purgatory was like. I'm sorry if I let you down by not coming up with a happy ending for our boys (God knows they deserve it). I have other fics that are fix-it fics or established Destiel fics, so in my stories, Dean and Cas usually DO get their happy ending. But this particular ends exactly where episode 08x01 starts.
Castiel noticed what was going on only half a second after Benny. “Dean!”, he screamed, freeing himself from his numerous opponents and appearing right behind the wraith. Dean had barely hit the ground and the creature's eyes were already glowing like two burning beacons of light.  Castiel disposed of Its body – eyes burned and mouth half opened in a scream of agony – and bent over Dean.
“Save the Hallmark. Ok? It’s gonna work”.
“Great!” Sam smiled at them, already skimming through the report folder on his hands. “With that and Asa’s notes, we might have a better picture of what we’re dealing with by sundown. Ben?”
Jo asked. It was as if she was standing right behind him, so Dean didn’t turn back. He was afraid if he did, he would actually see her. And he couldn’t take that. She didn’t say anything else.
“I talk about the sea and you talk about
Benny glanced at the angel, amazed by what he was hearing. That ragged, bearded, strange man who talked like a crazy person and wore a worn-out trench coat
“We kept track of you after the accident”, he said. Ben hadn’t even realized the other man was in the room with them until after he spoke. Cas had emerged from the same passageway as Dean but stopped before entering the room. He was now standing by the threshold with his arms crossed, examining them with an impenetrable expression and those unnaturally deep blue eyes. Cas was an odd man, although Ben wasn’t sure why exactly he struck him like as such. “Well, Dean did. I helped”.
“So you’re going to do a mind map and stare at it all afternoon”. That comment earned Dean a very angry glare. “Great. Guess I’m free, Jack. What do you need?”
“Stow it, Cas”, Dean kept moving. He had no time for that. He hadn’t wanted to listen to it months ago, he didn’t want to listen to it now. “You’re coming, that’s final”.
“Yeah, sure.” Sam seemed surprised by the suggestion but recomposed himself quickly enough. “Dean and Claire have a point, Ben. You could use some rest before hitting the road. All the rooms have bathrooms with hot water too if you want to take a shower.
Cass didn't say anything for a moment. Then he looked up at Dean and smiled. And it was the most perfect smile. He took five steps forward with more confidence than he had ever shone since he had rebelled against haven. There was a spark of the old "warrior angel" in his eyes, which was good because Dean really liked that expression. And he was about to say it when Castiel wrapped his head with his hands and pulled him almost violently into a deep kiss. It was very different from the one they had shared at the Empty. That one was rushed, desperate, and a little awkward. This one was deep and long, even though still a little desperate.
With Benny and Cas, he would keep an eye on what was going on behind him, but mostly he would keep his focus on the enemy at hand and rely on the two of them to take care of the rest. It was not blind trust, like what he had with Sam, but it was pretty damn close. Cas was particularly useful against almost anything other than Leviathan, which meant he made up for the attention he drew by eviscerating almost everything he attracted. Benny would never admit it out loud, but Dean had a feeling he was not as annoyed by Cas's presence as he would like them to believe. Dean couldn’t blame him. Cas had that effect on people.
She dropped a small object on the nearest table. When Cas’s eyes focused on it, he held his breath. It was too far for Dean to recognize it, but Cas knew he would.
He saw the exact moment that statement hit Dean.
, Cas thought to himself. He glanced at the ground beside him, the place where Dean’s hand and his interlocked. They never talked about it, but he could guess that was something John wouldn’t approve of. Or that John’s ghost in Dean’s head wouldn’t let him have, at least. He didn’t know John Winchester enough to know for sure what he would or wouldn’t approve. And dead as he was, it didn’t matter what he would or wouldn’t approve. What mattered was the shadow he still cast over Dean’s mind. And that was a very large and heavy shadow.
. Or to things you said or did”
to keep you in their lives, Dean”, Cas reprehended him. His hand was still on Dean’s neck. “Don’t patronize them by diminishing the weight of their choices. They were free to walk away if they wanted to, same as you, same as me”. He used his free hand to touch Dean’s cheek, so now he was holding the hunter’s face in his hands. "They
“You give me too little credit” the vampire snorted, as they started to move forward. “I’m a man of fine tastes”
Ben blinked at him, waiting for further instructions.
Dean still felt uncomfortable about displaying this kind of affection in front of other people, but he was working on that. This… thing, between them, it was new and fresh, and he wanted to understand it well before parading it to the world. Baby steps. Telling Sam had been the first step, and it had been at the same time a lot harder a lot easier than Dean would ever have expected. Telling his mom would have been the second step, but she wasn’t there (and
“You really don’t”, Dean told him, softly. “Not this. It’s Your body, not Jimmy’s. It’s been your body for almost a decade, rebuilt from scratch, just for you. You can choose what to do with it, and you don’t need Claire’s permission or her approval for it”.
“Yeah, I’m sure, brother”. Benny patted him on the back and walked away, whistling as he did it. “Get some rest as well. You’ve earned it”
“And I told you” The angel replied, sounding as displeased now as he had the first time Benny made that comment “I have no possible relationship to your sibling’s offspring”
that. I overheard”.
Castiel felt his face heating up, which apparently amused Dean quite a bit.
Dean’s eyebrows jumped.  “You were trained by Asa Fox?” A part of him was somehow relieved. At least Ben had been in good hands. Asa was not only a very capable hunter, but he was also a nice guy. Or as nice of a guy as a hunter could be. Nicer than drill sergeant John Winchester, he hoped.
“Ma’am, is there anything else you think might be of import?” Cas inquired, while Dean browsed through the report. There were pictures of the family, pale as ghosts, but no signs of violence. He could see the tiny mark on their arms where the i.v. had been placed, but other than that, they looked peaceful. No signs of struggle.
“What, a dead friend?” Dean took a long, deep breath, trying to keep his anger in check. “Ben, if you stick with hunting, your future is going to be nothing
Sam observed his brother closely as Dean took a long sip of his drink before sinking further into the chair. Since the moment he heard Ben was hunting, Dean had been one trigger comment away from snapping. He hid it amazingly well, as usual, but Sam saw it. He saw his clenching fist every time his eyes dropped to Ben’s bandaged arm; he saw the way his brother’s forehead wrinkled with tension while he talked about the car crash. Dean was on the verge of a breaking point, and he
