Cb. Flume gave them a smile, his first since entering. “Good. Goblin made?” Sherlock nodded. “Good, good. I don’t want to think about how much those cost, but when we arrive at Gringotts, I will be able to explain things without fear of being overheard.”
My croft smiled, “Naturally.” He grew serious again. “And what of parents who instruct their children to bully others?”
John and Sherlock once again walked through the dilapidated display case into St. Mungos holding hands and with Holly on Sherlock’s hip. As with the last appointment, they used John’s name to avoid a scene in the waiting room. After being waved to the stairs, they made their way to Andy’s office. They knocked on the door and were welcomed in.
Okay, so I realized as I was looking through what I'd written before that I'd never delt with the Horcrux problem, so this is that. This wound up longer than I expected, and is out of order from the rest of the chapters. It should be somewhere around Sept. 15th? Anyway, you can assume that Tom is being taken care of by Gringotts from this point onwards.
Cb. Flume then turned to the others, but as he opened his mouth the door behind the ostentatious desk creaked. “Steelspear, good. I didn’t want to repeat myself.” He conjured himself a chair, and gestured for John and Sherlock to take the seats before Steelspear’s desk as Andy also conjured a chair. “Somehow, a Horcrux has lodged itself in Holly’s scar.”
“I would agree if we could guarantee patient confidentiality, however, a new reporter has been slipping in and out with patient records, particularly when that patient is famous.” She began scanning the finished charts. “Not to worry, I changed Holly’s name on all of her records after the fist breach of confidentiality.”
He drew his wand and made a Star of David in the air over her chest as he mumbled something vaguely Gaelic in origin. A sheet of parchment appeared which he read through with a frown. He then made a series of four shapes directly in front of her scar. More information appeared on the page which he then snarled at. “Healer Tonks, can you confirm that Ms. Potter has had this scar since the night her parents died?”
Sherrie, who had led Michaels in and whose real name was Alyssa, stepped out from the shadows. “Yes sir.”
“Well, by your own words, children should be removed from parents who encourage bullying.” Mycroft reminded him. “Did you not tell your daughter to shun my niece and request a change of seats just to get away from her?”
“Indeed?” Mycroft smiled. “And what should we do with bullies? There’s an infestation at one of our most prestigious schools; I figured you may have a good solution.”
“Now miss Holly, do you have any memories of magic?” She asked settling against the counter, and relaxing as we waited.
Cb. Flume sighed, “Then I will start with a basic scan for curses. Ms. Potter, if you would take a seat beside your guardian so he won’t affect the scan?”
“Now Edward, we would not be here if you had not brought children into it.” Mycroft gave a laugh. “You even brought your own daughter into it.”
“It was only mentioned in a single line of one book in the hidden part of the black library. Said book stated that it led to a perverse immortality, through splitting one’s soul and comparing it to drinking unicorn blood.”
“My apologies, it appears that Holly got a severe curse the night her parents died. It seems to be fairly isolated, but we’ll need a curse breaker to get rid of it.” Andy explained. “It may be the reason Holly did not die that night, but it does not need to be there anymore.” The rest of the visit and scans showed the signs of abuse we had already known, as well as letting us know that Holly had a strong affinity to healing magic already due to needing to heal herself as a child. It was not the visit anyone expected, however, it turned out that it may have been the one they all needed.
“I’ll get the nurse.” Lester scurried from the room, skidding momentarily in the puddle of sick on the floor.
Sherlock followed her line of vision, at John bathed in golden sunlight. John in a hospital gown, his hair shaggy and his skin too loose on his frame. John, bright blue eyes shining with tears. John, who is the only person that’s ever mattered, and who loves him, and has forgiven him, and now they are going home. Where Sherlock will fix all of this.
John sat back, pleased at the astonished look on Sherlock’s face. He wriggled his hips into the sofa, and bit into his lip through the pulse of arousal that coursed through him. "It’s been hell to try and get comfortable sitting down. Keep jamming the damned thing into my...I’ve almost come in my pants about a dozen times.”
“Me too, oh fuck, me too,” John gasps, more breath than words. His entire body is shivering, his knuckles white as he grips the edge of the counter. “I couldn’t believe it when you - oh Jesus Christ - wanted me too. Oh god, please, please - “
He’s got to have a cigarette before he goes into King’s Cross. But the sky is about to open up, and he doesn’t fancy getting soaked to the skin. He flattens himself against the soot smeared brick, hoping the rain will hold off for just five more minutes, and fumbles in his jacket pocket for his smokes. He shakes one out and lights it with a match, fighting the urge to pull out his wand and light it as he would at school.
“Come on, John.” Sherlock strides quickly out the door, wincing as he realises he just said John’s name aloud. Shit. Brain just not functioning as it should be.
“I was just trying to give you something to look at, Weasley.” John winks at her, all sparkling blue eyes and white teeth.
His eyes darkened as he sat up and drew Sherlock's face to his, licked at his lower lip and then kissed him deeply, pressing him back to laying down as he did so. Sherlock shivered as John pulled his rumpled tee shirt up and over his head, running his hands reverentially over Sherlock’s chest. “Christ, you’re beautiful. How has no one taken you before now?”
Watson, as was usual in any circumstance, had been the one between the two of us that eventually showed his courage. After a harrowing encounter in a darkened alley with a particularly violent suspect, wherein I had been slashed in the thigh with the criminal’s blade, he had clasped me to him in frantic relief. The embrace quickly turned to desperately murmured endearments, and then to our first tentative brush of lips, his eyes wide with surprise at his own boldness as he kissed me. Watson later told me he had feared for my life, and when he realised my wound was gory but not mortal, the depths of his affections simply could not be contained in that emotionally charged moment.
He'd awoken to Sherlock's contemplative eyes fixed on him. They'd looked at each other silently, minutes stretching, time suspended. The gaze between them had been charged and intense, but John had convinced himself it meant nothing. They always looked at each other that way. It didn't mean Sherlock felt the same way he did.
“Same thing you do, I expect. Clues. Addresses. Weird shit you know you should remember but you’ll forget in twenty minutes.”
The next morning dawned as foggy and overcast as the day before, chilly and damp. John made strong coffee, toast and bacon, and they took their spartan breakfast out onto the tiny concrete stoop out front. In the daylight, Sherlock got a proper view of their surroundings. Thick forest behind them, mostly pine trees, towering and ancient. The A815 wound round the edge of the property like a lazy snake, and beyond that were fields and sparse shrubbery, then more pine forest in the distance.
“John. Come on. You need to sleep.” Sherlock gently shuffles them down the short hallway, John mumbling
The sidewalk was slick with ice and melting water, the windows of all the shops fogged up, ice crystals forming patterns in the corners. Fuck, but this place was cold. It was no wonder everyone was so miserable. London had damp and fog, but the sunny days were so perfect they seemed fake; the sun reflecting off the river, off the skyscrapers, the breeze blowing fresh and wild through the twisty little streets. The whole city would smell like the sea, like something beautiful.
John laughed again, and turned his head to kiss Sherlock’s chest. He ran his hand down lingeringly over Sherlock’s ribs, rubbed his thumb in circles over his iliac crest and then raised his hand and smacked Sherlock’s hip hard enough to sting pleasantly. “God, you’re right about that, you dirty, dirty creature. That was incredible.”
“Maybe a bit. And you’ll like it.” The thunder cracks like a bomb going off in the room, and John jumps, digging his fingers into Sherlock’s shoulder.
“I know. I know, Sherlock. It’s okay. Just relax. It’s just me.”  John hooks two fingers around him and moves just enough to make Sherlock’s breath catch. “Just me and you. Who knows you better than I do?”
“Oh, John,” Sherlock chokes out, half in pain hearing those words. Because he doesn’t know why, or how this is happening, or when it will end, as it surely must. The possibility of him just closing his eyes again and waking up in world where John doesn’t kiss his throat and lay on top of him naked while whispering
"Jesus, Mr Seductive. If I'd known this was all it took, I would have grown a beard the second I moved in. Would have saved us years of bullshit. You would have attacked me in the fucking stairwell after Angelo’s that first night." John laughed, but it was tinged with regret, sadness.
"You're staring at me." John didn't take his eyes off his newspaper. He lifted his mug to his lips and took a sip of coffee, set it back down on the table and very much did
“Alright, you. I know, I know. Let’s just clean you up a bit and get you calmed down.” The old woman again. She’s still here. She pushes him by the shoulders into a hard blue plastic chair. Her nose inches from his, bright hazel eyes looking at him almost sternly. “
“Jesus, John, get up here and fuck me already. I can’t - “ Sherlock swallows the rest of his sentence as John crawls up his body and licks into his mouth, sticky and salty and perfect.
yourself.” Sherlock stopped and licked his lips, bit into the end of his tongue. “We just need to get you home. Away from this place. And you’ll remember yourself.”
They sit in silence, cradling their coffees in cold stiff hands, Sherlock mindlessly rubbing the arch of John’s right foot with his thumb, Harry staring off into the distance and occasionally tapping the end of her nose with her cigarette. It’s companionable, familial. The last time Sherlock felt this peaceful was that first night with John, which feels a forever ago.
"Into battle." He whispers as he wraps his arms around himself and sets off, his heart thumping a staccato in his chest, the image of John's sleeping face burning in his mind's eye.
Sherlock balks. It’s never been that much. That’s everything he’s got. But no choice. He’s got to have it.
“Then they weren’t paying attention.” Sherlock leans forward, his long torso easily spanning the breadth of the small table, until their noses are nearly touching. “Because you. Are.
Sherlock’s beautiful lips twist to the side as he arches an eyebrow, clearly unconvinced. “I don’t think we should just
“Yes, oh god,” Sherlock curls up off the bed, his own voice tinny and far away. He squeezes his fingers tight around himself and spills down between them, this second orgasm unfurling leisurely through his joints, a delicious tingle spreading through his skin, his whole body quivering and weak. Muscles still twitching, he grabs at John’s sweat slicked waist, “Come on, baby, come inside me - “
“Not too sensitive?” John gave an experimental thrust, one hand now at my hip and the other brushing lightly over my nipples.
“I know, baby. I know.” John rubs his nose against the top of Sherlock’s head, inhaling his shampoo, the smell of his skin underneath. “I always want to make sure you’re alright, too. We take care of
Sherlock goes to reach for John’s cock, which is still hard, but John shakes his head and whispers, “I’m okay. It’s fine.”
"Mmmm. I know." John says slowly, sucking at Sherlock's neck and rolling his hips against Sherlock's arse, just a thin sheet keeping them from being skin against hot skin. "Talk to me about bees, baby."
“John, I want.” Sherlock seems incapable of articulating what it is exactly, that he wants, but his head tilts to the side, and he trails two fingers up the side of John’s cock and watches with smouldering eyes as John shakes and whines at this lightest of touches. “I want.”
that is? How few people could do that? It's bloody inhuman, Sherlock." John's voice gets progressively louder, as if by shouting he can make Sherlock believe him.
know that about my mother?” John’s nostrils are flared, his upper lip curling, his voice coming in a hard rasping whisper. His fingers twitch to his back pocket, to the wand sticking out of it.
“Mmmm. Yes.” Sherlock was fading now, his breathing getting slower, humming little contented noises every few seconds and curling into John like a cat.
A current of pleasure courses down John's spine, watching Sherlock straighten up slowly and drop the papers in his hand to the sofa without a second thought. He knows that tone of John's voice, and it allows for no argument. He turns and the first pink blush of arousal is already high on his cheeks, set off by wispy damp tendrils against his pale skin. His eyes are just slightly less sharply inquisitive than they usually are, his long black lashes fluttering beautifully. "Yes, John."
The next morning, Sherlock awakens to the sounds of Mike and their other two bunkmates, Alaster Venable and Thom Finch-Fletchley, shuffling about getting dressed. Yawning and groggily rubbing his hands over his face, he rolls over and blinks his eyes open.
“Sorry, I’m so - I wish I could stay with you all night - ” John pushes at him, turns so he’s sitting bare-arsed on the cold marble counter with Sherlock between his knees. He reaches down and finally yanks his shorts over his boots, kicks them onto the floor. “Come here.”
John doesn’t reciprocate the goodbye, just slides his thumb across the screen to end the call and slips the phone in his back pocket. He lands the first blow to the camera, and doesn’t need to land a second. The plastic shatters under the heavy stainless steel handle of the tin opener, shards of black skittering across the countertops and ringing in the metal sink.
Sherlock thought he'd known how this would feel, to have this, to be allowed to touch John and be touched by John in all the ways he'd always wanted to be...but it was more wondrous, more soul soothing, and more frighteningly vulnerable than he could have ever imagined. There was such a fragility about this, about them, that made him lie awake for hours at night, watching John's eyelids flickering, watching his nose wrinkle, listening to his sleepy mumblings, just in case. He didn’t know what words came after just in case, but they felt frightening, whatever they were.
“Come here. Why are you so far away? What are you, afraid of me?” John pats the edge of the bed. “Sherlock, come here.”
.” He thumped on his chest, an accompanying beat for each declaration. “You took it away from me. You took away who I was. Fuck. I’m sorry. I keep saying these terrible things to you and I’m trying to apologise.”
“Yes, I do rather. It’s incredibly layered. It reminds me of orchestral music.” Sherlock didn’t actually like it as much as he was leading John to believe, but sometimes all he wanted was to give John a moment of easy pleasure and watch the ever present storm clouds clear from those beloved blue eyes.
Sherlock’s cock was slick between their lube and sweat soaked bellies. John looked down, watching the flushed swell of it pressing against him every time he thrust forward. “Oh, god, Sherlock, you're so - so beautiful - look at you. I want to watch you come. Just let it go.”
“Oh.” John watches as a hard shudder passes through Sherlock, making his stomach muscles ripple. “Okay.”
“We believe there may be an insider, passing information about Harry’s inner circle, his family and friends, to whomever is responsible for these disappearances. Someone close to Harry’s children, and to Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger’s children.”
They take a black cab from the hospital to Baker Street, the kind Sherlock used to ride in with his parents when they were in London for a weekend of theater and expensive dinners. The smell of it, leather cleaner and air freshener, underlaid by the odor of spilled petrol and too many drunken uni students on a random Friday, reminds Sherlock powerfully of his parents. And Mycroft.
He doesn't want to come. Doesn't want John to come. He wants to stay like this for as long as possible, suspended in this fog of pleasure, feeling John's hips sliding slick between his thighs as his toes curl into the sweaty sheets. His stomach aches, throbbing and cramped. He doesn't care. He's delirious with want, with love, with the weight of John's forehead rocking rhythmically against his collarbone.
And John Watson is just a distraction. He’s got to put him out of his mind and focus on his work. That’s what matters.
“Excuse me? Vanilla?” John sputters, sitting up a bit straighter, resting his elbow on Sherlock’s thigh and leaning forward. “We have done things I never even dreamed of, Sherlock. Bloodplay? Bondage? I mean. Are you serious right now?”
. It makes John feel like he's cracking open, just that little movement against the cableknit pulling him apart from his rib cage outward. This is so much, for both of them, being here together. Sherlock's been stalwart and strong since their reunion, but John suspects sex might be overwhelming for him. He twists a curl of Sherlock's hair around his finger and tries not to cry.
The cab ride was little better. I was barely able to contain my growing anxiety to see Watson, after even such a short absence. I longed to hear his gruff voice, how it gentled when he spoke to me. I ached for the touch of the rough callouses of his fingertips along my throat, the weight of his muscular thigh resting against mine as we took our tea and read companiably next to each other. I could not help myself as my thoughts strayed to our more private activities, the gentleness with which he kissed the back of my neck, the low hum of his encouragements against my ear, the heat of his body pressed against mine in the darkness of our room.
He disappeared into the bedroom, and I retrieved my own dressing gown, throwing it around my sticky body. I wiped at the leather of the chair with John’s night shirt, and then curled back up in it, loose-limbed and satiated. John returned a moment later, his tongue between his teeth, his hair still ruffled and spiky from my fingers.
“No, no. It’s alright.” Sherlock stood up and walked over to her, pushing the door all the way open. “Come in.”
He sinks his teeth into the dense muscle at the ridge of Sherlock’s scapula as he reaches his peak, pleasure bursting over him in a shower of heat and light that nearly blinds him. His vision goes white and blurry at the edges, his ears filled with the roar of his blood thudding through his veins. Vaguely, he hears Sherlock sighing his name, and he comes back to himself, gulping air and wracked with delicious little tremors.
Every part of John is touching every part of Sherlock, their feet overlapping on the sun warmed wood floor, John’s fingers combing gently through Sherlock’s hair, John’s hips pressed against Sherlock’s thighs, their hearts thumping in unison, right next to each other. John's eyes are so
“I’ve barely touched you, and you’re so close already,” John growled, his grip on my hip becoming vicelike.
My manner changed abruptly, slipping from the quiet seductor back into my normal self, and flashed him a victorious grin. I wiggled my eyebrows at him, then ducked quickly into the kitchen. His amused laughter followed me down the short hallway to our bedroom, where it took me only a few seconds to locate the tin of petroleum jelly that we kept well hidden in the wardrobe. We had to be quite careful buying it, so as not to raise suspicions about our private activities. While purchasing petroleum jelly was not in and of itself suspicious, we were fairly well known as two bachelors who had lived together for over a decade, and we could not risk the gossip.
what he was doing would change who he was, forever. He still remembers, with perfect clarity, looking up into those bright catlike eyes and seeing in them everything he’d ever wanted. He’d known immediately that he would follow Sherlock Holmes anywhere, to hell and back again if he had to.
“You’re so distracting.” As John moves in front of him to turn the key in the lock, Sherlock runs the top of his nose up John’s ear, from lobe to helix, trailing his tongue behind. John lets out a perfect little mewling gasp just as the door swings open, and Sherlock’s all over him immediately, slamming the door closed harder than he should at this time of night, boxing John against it with his face buried in his neck, teeth bared against his carotid artery. “You are so.fucking.distracting.”
“Yes, I sure did. It wasn’t easy, mind, but I did. Got us through to the main road, and I see a police officer by their car, and they saw the state we were in, and called an ambulance right away. They got us away just in time, those two perched on the edge of the forest, just watching. I was half out of my mind with fever from my hand,” He waved a thickly bandaged hand in front of John’s face. “And you were still out cold, brain swelled up like a rotten fruit from being hit in the head so many times, and well. Here we are. Both fixed up.”
“Christ, look at you,” John husked out, his voice all but gone. He rubbed his thumb against the corner of my mouth and raised his hips again, feeling the slide of his cock between my lips. He shuddered and bit at his moustache. “You are stunning like this.”
“John?” Sherlock appears in the doorway, his head tilted to the side in concern. “Are you alright? You’ve just been staring at the cupboard for the last seven and half minutes.”
Sherlock falls silent, incapable of answering anymore of Mycroft's questions. Finally Mycroft's attention is taken away by someone calling to him, and he sighs heavily.
“Come, darling, you need to sleep,” Watson said firmly as he took me by the elbow and pulled me from my chair at the table.
“John.” Sherlock whispers, his voice thick with tension, his nails scratching restless little patterns on John’s scalp.
. Out of his mind with fear and pain and cold, he’d screamed for him at the hospital, where no one spoke English. He’d eventually been tied to the bed with soft restraints, and as he fell into fevered dreams, he swore he could hear John’s voice, feel his lips at his ear. “You ridiculous git, what have you gone and done now? Remember when it was just the two of us against the world? I would be here with you if you’d let me. I would never have left you if you’d given me a chance. I’d never have let you fall in that river.”
, even. Fully trained adult wizards don’t often go missing for weeks on end just to have a quiet holiday.”
He shook his head to erase the image, and fixed his eyes on Flabby. The man looked nervous now, a wary look in his watery eyes.
A short stout female officer ambled over, her posture and demeanor the polar opposite of Ginger’s. She wore a navy pants suit, well pressed, but many times hemmed and repaired. Her thick dark hair was cut into a soft bob, and her easy smile lit up what could otherwise have been a plain face. She held out her hand.
“I’ll let you every day.” Sherlock murmurs, meaning it so fiercely, with every bit of himself that he can give.
After a drawn out breakfast, in which Mrs Hudson pressed me to give every detail of the visit to my parents’ home, including what kind of food I’d eaten on the train and what flowers my mother was currently growing in her garden, Watson and I were finally left to our own devices again. It was nearly nine in the morning now, and I was stuffed full of heavy raisin scones and sweet tea. The room was pleasantly warm and it had begun to rain outside, the thrumming against the window hypnotically relaxing. Having been awake since the morning before, I now felt myself giving into sleep, my body and mind exhausted after a long and wearying journey.
Sherlock's hand drifts down over his arse and his hip, long fingers trace the seam of his jeans against his thigh. Every movement is slow and deliberate. A swirl of fingertip. A press of a warm palm. Fingernails scraping the wrong way up the denim.
“Oh, it’s just - chemistry, love, two people who fit. You’re my best friend, but that’s not - I’ve had best friends before, but not like this. You can’t explain the chemical processes of love, Sherlock. It just
Before he can stop himself, the question tumbles out of him again. “So why don’t you? Say you love me?”
There’s nowhere to sit except next to John. Sherlock folds himself up as small as he can manage, leaning up against the wall, and angles his thighs away from John’s. He glances down, estimating the space between them, and instead finds himself looking at the swell of John’s vastus lateralis muscle in his snug-fitting jeans.
"What?" His stomach cramps as assuredly as if Jim had landed a hard punch in it. This isn't right. This is far too forgiving. Jim would never give up the opportunity to punish him, to mock him.
"No rush. Just didn't want your dinner to get cold." Sherlock sat back as if he didn’t care at all, and feigned a yawn.
“Yeah, right.” John grins knowingly and sets the plate of toast on Sherlock’s outstretched thighs. “Eat.”
Harry rolled her eyes a bit derisively, but affectionately, at them, excusing herself to the hallway as they kissed goodbye with soft lips and achingly tender noises as if they were leaving one another for much longer than an hour or so. John's tongue pink hot perfect touching the very edge of Sherlock's lower lip, his eyes laden with want as Sherlock pulled back. Sherlock dropped a kiss to the tip of his nose and left, feeling John's eyes following him out the door. Harry silently brushed her hand down his arm as he passed her, and he squeezed her fingers. These Watsons. He was rather beginning to love them both.
“Well.” Sherlock’s momentarily gobsmacked. People don’t challenge him. He likes it, how John’s not intimidated by him. “Yeah, but that’s -- I’m -- most people wouldn’t do that.”
“You’re pushing him too hard and he’s going to snap. I’m taking him home, and I don’t want a single text or call from any of you lot, understand? He needs a break. We’ll be in touch tomorrow.” Captain voice. Rough and firm, brooking no argument.
“Yeah, well. Next time, we shouldn’t wait a week.” John tips his face forward to catch Sherlock's mouth in a kiss that's all breath, their lips tingling and bruised from the ferocity of what came before.
It tastes fairly horrible and burns like acid as he knocks it back, but the warmth that follows takes the edge off his mood. A cat yowls in the alley and his nerves jangle. He pours another scant half inch and sips it slowly, leaning against the window frame, knee propped on the radiator. He feels as though something’s down there, in the blackness, just outside the glowing circles of the streetlamps. Like the bogeyman under the bed. He shakes his head. Ridiculous. They’re just criminals, just like Moriarty was. Flesh and blood.
"A rare moment of doubt, Mr Optimist?" Sherlock's on his knees, digging the telly out of the closet. He hasn't ever been the biggest fan of television, but John's going to be housebound for at least a few more days, until his staples come out.
Thank you so much to everyone who's stuck with this story, even though I haven't updated for eight months!! You're all lovely and fabulous and perfect, and I hope this chapter isn't a disappointment after such a long wait.
Of course, Sherlock really had been on the side of the angels, regardless of what he’s always said, or how wretchedly he could behave. John was working for a contract killer and helping a man who’d murdered his wife in cold blood. Sherlock would never have done this.
"Shut up." Sherlock says without rancor, snuggling against John's side and tracing circles on his knee with three fingers.
“I know.” Sherlock thinks of twenty other answers, all just as inadequate and useless. He shuts his eyes and lets his head fall back, bracing himself against the counter, fingers curled tight around the edge, his eyes rolling back as John sucks out a bruise under his jaw.
Mrs Hudson hadn’t wanted him to leave. She’d begged, wept, told him he didn’t have to pay rent anymore. He’d hugged her, hands still swollen and throbbing from the night before, some guy who decided to have a smart mouth in Tesco when John didn’t move out of his way quickly enough. He had put his scabbed fingers around her arms and looked into her eyes.
"Sherlock." John says, not wanting to hear how serious and strange his voice sounds. "What is this?"
He stared into those silvery green eyes, thinking about Sherlock dashingly handsome in a tuxedo, sliding a thick silver band on John’s finger and promising to love him forever. He thought about the scars that would be healing underneath their posh tuxes as they spoke their vows in a room full of people, the evidence of their love for each other written on their skin where no one else could see. They would be bandaging one another’s wounds on their wedding night, itching at healing skin during their honeymoon. The thought that this should bother him tickled somewhere at the back of his mind, but he was too enthralled with the idea to pay his subconscious much attention.
"Uuuuh." Was all Sherlock could get out, as he fell bonelessly prostrate to the bed, his now aching cock unintentionally rutting against the pillow underneath him, and he quaked once, hard, a viscous heat spreading through his lower belly.
Sherlock strips off his trousers and pants, stands with his back to John as he picks out a pair of pyjama bottoms. John allows himself a moment to appreciate the gracefulness of that silhouette, broad shoulders, the ripple and swell of each muscle in his back, the curve of his buttocks, firm and perfectly round, the long muscular thighs tapering into slightly knobbly knees and calves that could belong to a ballet dancer.
John sighed and nuzzled at Sherlock’s chest, curled his arms up around Sherlock’s sides and wiggled his hips so their pelvis bones were aligned more comfortably. “I think we ruined the kilt.” He mumbled, nearly incomprehensible with his lips mashed against Sherlock’s sternum.
“Whoa there. Slowly, love.” John bites back another surge of nausea and breathes out shakily through his mouth. His lips ache as air moves over them, feeling deeply cracked and dry.
. A wardrobe stood in the corner, just as it did in his other bedroom, but there the similarities ended. The wallpaper’s a buttery coloured honeycomb pattern, braided throw rugs are scattered rather haphazardly across the wood floors, and his bed is a huge four postered monstrosity, pushed up against the far wall.
He went back in the room and stood behind John’s chair, put his hands on his shoulders, sharp bone against his palms. The nurse was explaining how to dress the cuts on his abdomen, and John was nodding patiently. He swiveled his head to look up at Sherlock, his eyes dancing. He mouthed “I’m a
Oh fuck, oh fuck. He was going to throw up again. His skin erupted in goosepimples, his scalp went cold. Everything was shaking. This was too much, he didn’t know how to process this. Tears were already seeping from his closed eyes, hot down his cheeks. This was the most overwhelmed he’d ever felt in his life. This was worse than being in the middle of a firefight. At least he knew what to do then, with a gun hitched on his shoulder and a vest over his fatigues. That was adrenaline and instinct. This. This was uncharted territory.
Sherlock pulled his lips away from John's arm with a wet pop. He lapped at the wound gently, cleaning it, soothing it. A press of closed lips, and he sat up, smoothed his hand down the curve of John's spine.
"You. Us. I need -- I don't know what I need, but its not this. I can't be here." Sherlock's voice is strained. His mouth twitches to the side and his eyes are shining when he flicks them up to look at John again. He retreats into the kitchen, gets the first aid kit, and sinks into his chair, crossing his bleeding foot over his opposite knee.
“It was worth a shot.” John rolled his eyes, with the patience of a long suffering spouse. “I’ll see you tonight.”
Sherlock shrugs and throws the dish towel over his shoulder as he moves toward the sofa. “You like lasagna.”
“With me.” Harry says with certainty, her eyes fixed on Sherlock instead of her brother. “You’d both be with me. Obviously.”
“Come on Sherlock, shit, come on,” John grinds out through clenched teeth, his nails slicing into Sherlock’s skin.
"I can't thank you enough, for what you did for Sherlock. For us." John shakes her hand firmly, covers it with his left and holds it. "This is -- unbelievably kind."
John interjects again before Sherlock can say a word. His fingers are now wrapped around his wand, but he hasn’t drawn it yet. “Look. I really don’t feel like beating the shit out of you, alright? It’ll be a right pain in the arse for all of us, so let’s just avoid it, yeah? You go off and bother someone else, and Sherlock and I’ll go up to the castle together, and everyone’s happy.”
Sherlock trying to be kind, make up for a fight they’d had over something ridiculous, going and doing the shopping. He had come home with bags of candy and crisps, bananas and tea. Nothing to make a meal with, nothing of substance. John had laughed and laughed, and eventually Sherlock’s expression had shifted from hurt and insulted into amused. Then he laughed, too, his eyes crinkling up in the way that made John’s stomach flutter.
John laughs, full to bursting with affection for this absolutely infuriating fool he's married. He surges forward and captures Sherlock's mouth in a fierce kiss. "Yes, you bloody great dickhead. It worked. Point made. I'm sorry I've been holding back. I won't anymore. I promise."
“John.” There was a voice at his ear, but it wasn’t the nurse. He turned and squinted. Huge blue eyes stared back at him, a quirky smile on Lester’s mouth.
“No. No. I just need a minute. I can do this.” Flutterings of panic are starting in his chest. He has to stay here. He has to solve it.
what are you going to do for me, if I get up and fix you another drink?" Sherlock purred, dropping his voice into even deeper octaves, knowing full well the effect of his baritone rumble on John's libido.
John kneads at his testicles, pushing them up against his body and letting them fall back heavy into his palm until Sherlock's knees start to slide apart, his body going boneless under John's hands. He won't be able to stay in this position much longer. John skids his hand over the curve of Sherlock's cheek and runs the slick end of the toy into the crease of his arse. Sherlock starts at the cool hard glass against him, his head snapping round as much it can, looking questioningly down the side of his body at John.
"Smells delicious." John chooses his words carefully, keeping his voice neutral, not sure yet of how much affection they're allowing tonight.
John laughed again, the melancholy thankfully dissipated from those changeable eyes. He jumped up from where he’d been laying and brushed dried grass from the backs of his jeans. “Alright. If you think you’re up for the challenge. You ready?”
“That’s fucking creepy, Lester. Blink.” John put the cup down on the plastic tray table beside the bed. Beige. Like everything else in this godforsaken place. “Thanks for the water.”
“I know, Sherlock. I told you it was chemistry. Now we have to wait until it proofs.” John punches down the first loaf, which has risen to twice its original size, and kneads it again.
“I don’t know. I wasn’t. Until yesterday, I wasn’t. I was miserable. Then, I guess I wasn’t anymore.” John holds him in those eyes again, locked together like the world doesn’t even exist outside of them, then the spell breaks as he looks away, inserts his card in the slot, punches in his code. “Moment of truth.”
John opened his eyes and saw nothing but white. It was freezing. He realised he was laying on ice. Why was he laying on ice? His head was pounding. God, everything hurt.
.” Sherlock knows that’s not been entirely true as of late, but that’s neither here nor there. John’s been good to him long before now, John’s been the one constant in his life, the only person who’s ever put up with his moods and his rudeness and his unpredictability. Not just put up with, but appreciated. Loved. Treasured. John is good to him in ways he’s never even know how to be to himself.
“You had me so worried today.” John says quietly, voice muffled by his lips against Sherlock’s skin.
John reached up with his other hand and pressed it flat against Sherlock’s ribcage. He tugged at him, panting softly and kissing Sherlock’s lips, his chin, licking at him almost frantically.
Sherlock begins to tremble and quake, a rush of goosebumps breaking out across his back. He lets out a low moan and suddenly the tightness surrounding John is increased tenfold. The warm throb of orgasm begins low in John’s stomach, making him tense and curl forward into Sherlock’s back.
"Oh god, you're such a pain slut. You'll get more of that soon enough, too. Now, this is going to feel cold, and hard, but you can handle it." John picks up the toy and slicks it, consciously ignoring his own throbbing erection and reaching between Sherlock's legs with his other hand to cradle his testicles and press the pad of his thumb into his perineum. His shoulders tighten, a fevered shiver running through him as he palms them,  "Christ, you're full. So heavy for me, baby."
He wants the high so badly, though. He’ll be seeing double soon, vomiting. Must score tonight. Necessary.
Sherlock kneeling on a soft blue carpet, his phone in his hand. A chubby blonde toddler stumbling towards him.
“It’s not a good idea to carry it around for too long. You’ll get caught. We’ll go later. I’m okay for now.”
Sherlock fumbles with the key to the room, John pressing up against his back, the smell of tequila and oranges sweet on his breath whispering over Sherlock’s skin, which is cool from walking through the autumn night, and still damp and sticky from sweating at the club. John’s hands on Sherlock's hips, more tentative than when they'd been dancing, his fingers dipping down hesitantly under the waist of Sherlock's jeans, thumbing over the crest of his hipbone. The pad of his thumb so soft, just the hint of a nail dragging. Sherlock’s stomach contracts, mouth drops open a little as he struggles to breathe normally.
“Lube, fuck, we need, slick, Sherlock - this is - “ John takes his hand off, spits into his palm. “This is like my bedroom after school when I was fifteen.”
Eventually, he moves to his own chair and flips on the telly, but keeps the volume low. He’s halfway through an episode of Masterchef when Sherlock’s phone rings. Sherlock doesn’t stir, his eyes moving rapidly behind closed lids, his brow furrowed in concentration.
John could feel his eyes on him. He turned, already exasperated, and blew smoke in his face. “What are you staring at?”
Sherlock kisses him, kisses those perfect dimples at the base of his spine, kisses each arse cheek. “Your arse tastes like candy.”
“I love you, too,” Sherlock gathered John into his chest and rubbed at the small of John’s back, thinking how impossible it had once been to say that to each other. And how grateful he was that they could say it now.
.” John sighs to himself and digs his thumbs into his eyes, feeling like the biggest prat that ever walked the earth.
"I read the journal. It was honest. More honest than I expected, truthfully. And I." Sherlock pauses, takes another drink of his wine and sets the glass on the coffee table. "I think it was true."
Sherlock flutters his eyelashes, shakes his head and grins, acquiescing. “Fine. I’ll save my criticisms of the NHS until pudding and coffee, shall I?”
"That would be more than slightly awkward, I think, Sherlock." John pets his hair and Sherlock sinks down against his side and sighs. "But for the next few hours, yeah. Let's just stay like this."
John nipped at his earlobe, earning him one of Sherlock’s desperate little whimpers that made him nearly insane with need. “I mean, genius, that I realised by the time we got around to the fucking portion of the evening, we might not be in a head space to prepare in the normal way, so I took care of it for us.”
He can’t deal with the aftermath of this decision right now, he just doesn’t care. He’s sick to death of safe and right. It’s never gotten him anything but mediocrity.
.” John surges forward and up, his chair skittering back across the floor with a clatter that echoes in the small room.
"Good boy." John shifts in his chair, takes a casual sip of his coffee as Sherlock drifts across the room and stands in front of him. Sherlock looks at him, and waits for John's next direction, eagerly pliant. "On your knees."
Instead, he was thousands of miles from home, half starved all the time and under constant threat of death from everyone left alive in Moriarty’s network. Alone. Incessantly alone. He thought he'd liked being alone, always considered himself a solitary person. People were tedious, annoying, stupid.
"You can be the little houseboy tomorrow, okay? Right now, you aren't going anywhere. I plan to fall asleep just like this." John stretches lazily, his left leg folding over top of Sherlock's outstretched one and his head coming to rest heavily in the curve between Sherlock's neck and shoulder. He feels sated and sticky, pleasantly wanton, tangled in musky smelling sheets, all damp skin and sweaty tendrils of hair.
Someone opens the car door. He opens his eyes, looks up to see a strong muscled back in a sweaty red tee shirt and blonde hair sticking up all over, a halo in the glow of the street light.
John’s footsteps pounding down a dark alley. Gunshots. John’s face buried in Sherlock’s throat, tasting salt.
“And you know about crime scenes? You can’t touch anything. Not one thing. Not until forensics is done.”
"You. You take it off." John moves back, shifts his weight so Sherlock can sit up, his long legs stretched out straight between John's thighs.
. He was so lost in the scene he could almost feel the grass under his back, smell the windswept meadow.
Sherlock has never looked more lovely than he does right now, his eyes wide and desire darkened, shiny black curls spread out in an already sinful tangle across the white pillowcase, kiss swollen lips wet and parted. His face is alight with emotion, gazing wonderingly at John as though he’s the answer to every question Sherlock’s ever had.
“Still okay?” John’s lips pull hot and wet across Sherlock’s throat, the hand that isn’t restraining Sherlock’s wrists moving down over his ribs, the heel of his hand firm against Sherlock’s hip. “I don’t want to hurt you. I just - “
“You alright, darling? You’re tensing up.” John lifts his head, his eyes an ocean of concern and affection and desire. His fingers sweep inquiringly along Sherlock’s lower belly. “We don’t have to. If you just want to kiss, if you’re not feeling more
“No,” I bit at his mouth and licked the tip of his tongue, spread my legs as wide as they would go, and wrapped one hand around the back of his head, “But I believe I shall actually expire if you don’t fuck me right this instant.”
Sherlock takes just a fraction of a second to orient himself, and then arranges his face into an expression of deep apathy. "Well, you know, my boyfriend was in hospital with life threatening injuries. It does rather command one's attention."
Something hard traces a circle on his shoulder blade. His brain is working so slowly, it takes him a moment to realise it’s Sherlock’s finger. “Are you upset? About - what happened on the way home?”
John presses a hand against that back he loves so much, and pulls Sherlock closer to him. They fit together now as beautifully as they always have, John’s slightly expanding middle tucking neatly into the concave space between Sherlock’s ribs and pelvis. Sherlock’s still nimble fingers untie the tapes of John’s pyjama bottoms, his mouth working gently at John’s earlobe.
He turns every moment with John over in his mind, from their fumbling hellos train to their almost-kiss last night. And there’s nothing. Not a hint. But then, if John was the capable spy Mycroft seemed to believe he was, there wouldn’t be hints, would there? He’d be adept at concealment, at misinformation, at hiding his true self.
John smiled crookedly, sloe eyed and bashful. "You're drunk. That's what this is. An overload of sentiment from too much wine."
John picked up the sterile square, now bloody and rumpled, and put it on the breakfast tray on the bedside table. He stretched out on his belly next to Sherlock, catching his cut arm on the sheets as he did so. He shuddered at the electric pain of it, the sizzle of heat that pulsed through his arm and sent chills racing down his spine. It started bleeding again, and without even thinking about it, he licked at the cut, lapping noisily and unashamedly.
The rest of the day passes uneventfully. Rose and Sherlock head to the library after lunch, and claim a prime spot at a scarred walnut table under an open window. Eventually Mike and Molly join them, arms already full of books. The four of them study and write in near silence for hours, although occasionally Sherlock feels eyes on him and looks up to see Rose watching him thoughtfully.
I shook my head, inexplicably lost for words, and answered him instead by bending my head down to meet his mouth with my own. He hummed his approval and slid a hand up into my hair in order to pull me even closer to him.
“We’re going to have to go shopping,” He grunts, working them both up and back, precome and saliva not slick enough to stop his hand from catching dry a giant their skin.
He clapped the man on the shoulder, making him jump. Hitched a charming smile on his face, and allowed it to reach his eyes. "Sure. I understand. Sorry I snapped at you. Let me make it up to you. You have any bags you need help with?"
that!” John shouts, his face flaming red now. “Fuck you, Jim. Just fuck off. Sherlock doesn’t belong to you and neither do I.”
“Good. I would be forever ashamed if your first time was unsatisfactory.” Sherlock can’t think, he’s barely conscious. He’s also freezing suddenly, and John must realise it, because he wiggles loose of Sherlock’s embrace and pulls the sheets up over Sherlock, then settles back in his arms, facing him. His cheeks are wet.
John touches him, in ways he’s not done before, at first tentatively, and then with more certainty. He holds his hands, strokes his fingertips up and down Sherlock’s bare arm while he’s reading to him. Sherlock lets John brush his hair, which sends pleasurable little shivers cascading down his spine. John wipes his face with a damp cloth in the mornings, smiling at him the whole time as though he’s doing something clever instead of lying in a hospital bed like a lump, and dots the end of his nose with his index finger when he’s done. Sherlock thinks he should find this kind of mollycoddling intolerable, but in fact, it’s just the opposite.
“No, you’re right.” Sherlock feels the anger leaking out of him, watching John’s golden pink smiling face, worried searching blue eyes. “I have this feeling that you’re almost always right.”
Sherlock stutters and blinks, kneels back and starts unbuttoning his shirt clumsily. John pulls at the hem and untucks it from his trousers, running his hands flat over Sherlock’s stomach, which is flushed maroon all the way up to his neck, which is blotchy and purplish. Sherlock manages to get his shirt off and throws it on the floor behind them, and goes to undo his belt. John puts a stilling hand on Sherlock’s, and their eyes meet. Sherlock is straddling John’s stomach, and John’s in a perfect position to --
"Yeah. It really...Does it for me." Sherlock licked his lips, looked up at John from under his lashes.
Another episode begins, and John stretches his legs out on the coffee table. Sherlock kisses his neck without any real heat, and he twirls his fingers into Sherlock's hair.
for reassurance. John, who always believes it will be alright. John, who never quails, never backs away from a fight. John needs Sherlock to tell him they’ll get through this.
“And where’s Aunt Aileen’s famous cottage?” Sherlock smiled at John, who looked well scrubbed and quite the country bloke this morning, his face pink above the thickening ginger scruff, his hair messy from sleep, wearing a thick dark blue cable jumper and frayed jeans, a pair of chestnut brown oiled leather hiking boots that Sherlock had bought him a few birthdays ago and he’d never had any use for in London.
" Sherlock breathed deeper just thinking about it. The rich, vanilla smell of pipe tobacco, cherry wood and apple, the smell of English forests in the autumn, moss and dry leaves. "It's important."
Sherlock flattens his palm against John's skin and noses against his earlobe. Far too soon, their breath is quickening and Sherlock’s left leg is uncurling over John’s lap, his mouth wet against John’s throat, soft whimpers and sighs escaping them both as John turns his whole body toward Sherlock and their mouths meet hungrily. It’s only been a week, but the distance between them has been so great, so terrifying, that it feels like years since they touched each other this way.
The collar of his tee shirt was stretched, loose, showing the lovely hollow at where his collarbone met his neck. John’s neck was so thick and strong, just this side of incongruous with his small body, his thin hips and slender legs, his perfectly small hands. One of those hands was resting atop the blankets, fingers curled into his palm. Sherlock loved those hands, loved how steady and sure they were holding a gun, or examining a body, loved how gentle they were against his face or twirling a lock of his hair, loved the reverence with which they moved over his body, and their urgency when they were inside him. He loved to watch the precision with which John held a coffee mug, or turned a key in a door. They were the hands of a doctor and a soldier, simultaneously strong and delicate.
“Look, we’re both knackered right now. We got up at five, and it's almost five again. We need sleep.” John flips heavily so he can face Sherlock, all wide bloodshot eyes and softly rumpled tee shirt, his hair wind blown and curled in soft messy waves around his face. John can’t possibly feel irritated with him. He yawns and presses a kiss to Sherlock’s chapped lips. “I love you, and that was mind blowingly good sex, okay? It was a surprise, is all. We can talk about it tomorrow. I just very much need to go to sleep now.”
“God, yes,” Sherlock pants, reaching back with a shaking hand to grip John’s thigh, to pull him ever closer, never close enough.
John decides not to pry, at least not now. There’s something Sherlock’s holding back, but it doesn’t feel like the right time to discuss whatever it is. He looks back down at the gun in his lap.
"It wasn't a question." John yanks on the lead, jerking Sherlock's head to the side just enough to make him gasp against the brief moment of constricted air flow. "Turn over. Hands behind your back."
He stops as John is pulling him up off the sofa, stops halfway, literally crouched, knees bent. He blinks up at John, confusion and something else, some deeper emotion, in his eyes. "Did you just call me beautiful?"
“Honestly, John, I’m - I’m just very tired.” He realises as he says it that it’s mostly the truth. He
, he’s so desperate to be inside, to feel the perfect tightness of John’s body around him, to see John open to him. To watch that beautiful face as John falls apart underneath him.
Sherlock obediently stuck his arm out across John’s lap. There were tooth shaped bruises covering Sherlock’s forearm. “Jesus Christ. I think we’re both pretty covered in marks.”
John laughs again, straight white teeth and pink tongue tucked between them. "I don't know. I have no fucking idea."
Over the last school year, Rose grew from an acquaintance to become his closest friend at Hogwarts. She’s clever and fearless and has a wry sense of humour that Sherlock finds utterly charming. They’d written to one another over the break, mostly discussing summer homework and the impending N.E.W.T. classes. Rose plans to be an Auror, like her uncle Harry Potter, a profession for which perfect N.E.W.T.s are a must.
Sherlock closes the door quietly behind him, and John listens to his rapid footfalls down the steps, to the front door opening and slamming shut. Have to slam it for it to stay shut, John thinks numbly.
“You’re feeling anxious, yes, pet?” John scratched his fingernails along Sherlock’s scalp. “Come now, sweetheart. Answer me.”
“Yeah, well. I think you need to be taught a lesson.” Jim drifts over to Sherlock and grabs his chin hard, leans in and licks a stripe up the side of his face.
"No, no...it's okay. They hit me because I didn't make first team in rugby, or because the dinner burned, because their favourite show wasn't on telly, because it was fucking Tuesday.” He pauses, looks up at Sherlock from under his lashes, “Because I like blokes as much as I like girls." John steals closer, pressing his whole arm to Sherlock's, their trainers lined up next to each other, and suddenly his head is leaning against Sherlock's shoulder. "It doesn't matter anymore. What they think. I'm never going back there."
“Well, lovelies. This has been smashing, but I’m going to leave you to to yourselves and get my arse home to study.” Harry stands abruptly. “Expect me to unexpectedly show up on your doorstep frequently. Not that I don’t trust you, Sherlock, but I like to keep a close eye on this one.”
When you’re still sound asleep, and I can take a moment to really look at you when you’re not fidgeting and talking a mile a minute. All curled in on yourself like a cat, apple cheeked and sweaty - you always get so sweaty when you sleep - and making little grumbly noises that I would never dare call adorable within your hearing. Our room suffused with that pink and orange light that’s particular to sunrises, and it tumbles across your face, that beautiful face, and I love you so much in those moments that my chest hurts.
"Yes, thanks, love." John takes a deep breath in and leans his head back against the cushions. "Going upstairs is a hard business. Who would ever think?"
Sherlock’s gaze travelled slowly down John’s body and focused between his thighs for a long moment before meeting John’s eyes again. He licked his lips, chest moving shallowly. His voice husky, he whispered, “I want to
Rose Weasley brushes past him with a bright grin, her flaming orange curls a frizzy halo around her pale face. “Hiya, Sherlock!”
“This certainly isn’t how I envisioned it." John shook his head, rolled his eyes at the ceiling as Sherlock rinsed his hair with a plastic cup.
"Like my dad? No. She's lovely, actually. My mum always liked her a lot, used to take me and Harry up for weekends. She used to live in Cairndow, near Loch Fyne. She wasn't married, lived by herself. Had this tiny little cottage, just one big great room and a loft with a ladder. Harry and Mum would sleep in this big feather bed in the loft and I'd sleep on a fifty year old army cot. Aunt Aileen would make scones for breakfast. Harry and I would go tramping about in the heather all day, getting muddy and scratched, and Aileen and Mum would bake and talk. It was quite picturesque. Dad never came."
“Yeah, it’s fine, Sherlock.” John has to kiss him again. Their lips slot together perfectly, kiss raw and sore. John traces the inner rim of Sherlock’s lips with the tip of his tongue, tightens his fingers to grip the soft skin at Sherlock’s waist. “So, you’re okay, right?”
Everything felt a dream. A nightmare. Scurried out of England like a criminal, in disguise, not permitted to tell John what was going on, and now...over a year later, and what a disaster. He hadn't even helped catch half the people he was supposed to have, and John had been destroyed.
Sherlock’s never had anyone go with him when he scores. Not even Molly. It’s inexplicably embarrassing as they trudge side by side up the filthy concrete steps, down the fenced in exterior hallway of the third floor where Sherlock’s dealer lives. He raps gently on the door, nervous, as always, and more so because he can feel John’s billowing breaths at his neck as he stands behind Sherlock, feet tapping nervously, understands John is tolerating this, but disapproving. Why he should give one fuck about John’s approval is beyond him, but he does. God, he does so much he has a knot in his stomach. And not just from withdrawl.
“Okay, darling. My sweet boy. My lovely little pet. That’s it.” John watched, enraptured, as Sherlock’s body relaxed, his shoulders falling, furrowed brow easing, slipping into his subspace and allowing John to take control. Such relief in every line of his body. John would have to remember this in the future. Too many days without allowing Sherlock his subspace wasn’t good for him. “That’s it, sweetling, just let it go. What a good boy.”
Against all his rules, all his instincts, Sherlock laughs. It sounds harsh and foreign to his own ears. It’s probably been months since he laughed. Since Molly disappeared. Don’t think about Molly.
"No." John lets go of his cock and Sherlock mewls in frustration. "You'll come when I'm inside you. Not before."
"Well, don't sound so accusatory about it. It's just on my dad's side, like one quarter of the family. Is this a problem? You don't like Scottish people?" John was teasing him now, grinning broadly, his slightly bloodshot eyes dancing.
“True.” Sherlock slips completely off the chair and tucks his legs underneath him, bending down close enough to Mycroft that he can feel the heat coming off of him.
“I can do that.” John grins crookedly at the almost shy way Sherlock still talks about sex, even when they’re in the middle of having it. He squeezes Sherlock’s fingers again. “You good, sweetheart?”
John reached up and traced his mouth with his index finger. "Oh my god, Sherlock. Yes. Yes, sweetheart. I have never been happier in my life, Sherlock. That's not what I'm saying. I'm not unhappy, I'm just...a bit confused. We had something established, something that was working, and then last week it changed, and I’m not sure where we stand.”
Sherlock just nods, their mouths barely parting. A shiver of electricity spreads through John’s nerve endings, his skin thrumming with desire, as Sherlock stands up and runs his hands flat up over John’s belly and chest. He lets his head fall back, Sherlock’s tongue tracing down the stubbly edge of his jaw and over his pulse, circling around his Adam’s apple with slow, purposeful licks.
Sherlock stumbles them over to the bed, John clinging to his shoulders, and they fall in a tangle onto the bottom bunk, crisp white sheets still made up army tight under them. Sherlock’s pulling at the buttons on John’s shirt, John whinging, sweat beading in his upper lip even in the cool room, trying to tug Sherlock’s tee shirt over his head, kissing sloppily on the sides of their mouths, the heat between them rising until Sherlock can’t breathe, he can't
“Sherlock.” John quickly wraps the towel around his waist and takes Sherlock’s face between his warm wet hands. “I feel exactly as you do.”
“Home.” Sherlock grins, and John grins back. A stiff wind blows off the river and they both shiver. “Come on, I have blankets down there.”
“I thought I was going to lose you, goddammit. You’re the best thing I’ve ever had, Sherlock. I can’t - you can’t do that to me.” John’s voice cracks, his eyes shining with tears, even though his jaw is still set and his brow furrowed.
don't want to stop." The hand over his mouth shifts, and Sherlock's fingers flicker against his lips. He automatically opens his mouth, receiving two long cold fingers jabbing against his soft palate. "Suck." He does, laving his tongue over knuckles, poking at the web of skin between them, as Sherlock rocks against him. There's a growing wetness where Sherlock's prick is already leaking onto his back, more thrusting now than rocking. Sherlock's fingers are out of his mouth, and before he can even register it, they're parting his arse cheeks and pushing roughly into him. His whole body tenses against the shock of it and he presses up on his toes, scraping his face against the bricks.
Mike’s smile turns triumphant. He draws his thumb and forefinger across his mouth like a zipper. “My lips are sealed. Promise.”
John took one look at Sherlock’s frowning face as he stared down at his wet trousers and burst out laughing.
this exquisite body, to drag his mouth and his hands over every inch of pale white skin, until Sherlock’s trembling with it, until they’re both so drunk on each other they can barely move.
John hummed and moaned, reached out and fumbled in the bedside drawer without breaking the kiss. Sherlock heard the little snick of a cap being opened as John arched up, his thighs pressing tight against Sherlock's hips. John shifted to the side and down, his shoulder pressing into Sherlock's, his other arm slipped between them, and
"No. It's not easy for me to challenge you, not here, anyway. But at work, it's different. You've always deferred to me, on cases. Always. That's how we work.  Until recently. You've been getting more and more assertive on crime scenes and while we're at The Yard, and I hadn’t honestly realised it was bothering me. Then last week happened." Sherlock pauses, chews on his bottom lip and squints. “I didn’t want to - question - you. But. Last week was a game changer for me, John.”
Not that Sherlock enjoyed the idea of John suffering, but there was a part of him that jealously guarded the parts of John that only Sherlock knew about. There had always been so much more to him than what he presented to the world, the dark complexity of the real John Watson sheathed inside armour made of easy smiles, flirtatious blue eyes, ruffled blonde hair. John
Sherlock tears into the bread, and splits a chunk between them, holds up his wine glass. “Cheers. To you being home.”
“You’re lucky you’re so fit. If you were an ugly bugger, you couldn’t boss me around half as easily. Hand me your cup.”
“I love you,” John gasps, his hips lifting off the mattress as his head spins, his nerve endings drowning in endorphins. His blood feels as slow and thick as treacle, even as his second orgasm in less than an hour gathers tight and sharp at the base of his spine.
“You gonna tease me?” Sherlock growls, low and rough, beginning to unbutton John’s shirt. He needs to see him, needs to runs his hands and his tongue over every dip and swell of John's body, know how his hip tastes different from his neck.
"Come in my mouth, John." Sherlock flicks his tongue into the slit, precome bitter and lovely. John jerks, thumps his head back into the pillow, grabs Sherlock's hair hard enough that he can't stop the grunt as his head is dragged back.
, and each one of them shot right to Sherlock's heart like a hit of sweet cocaine. He could be high off one
“Breagha, come for me now, my beautiful love.” John curled his fingers around Sherlock’s hip, his other hand still working Sherlock’s leaking cock, his hand slick with lube and precome.
“Take off your shirt. And your shorts. I’ll be right back.” He’s so heavy and drunk with desire, he can barely slip off the bunk and cross the tiny room to fish a condom and some lube out of his bag. He drops his own jeans to the floor, tosses them over a chair, and turns back around.
- and he’ll never touch himself again without thinking of John’s glittering blue eyes and his warm swollen mouth.
John yawns and stretches, pushing his feet against the end of the sofa, wiggling his shoulders down into the cushion, rubbing at his eyes. He feels unaccountably good, headache all but gone, his entire body pleasantly heavy, comfortable. Sherlock appears in the kitchen doorway, a dish towel in his hands, his shirtsleeves rolled up to his elbows.
“Oh, you got a friend now, honey.” She set the coffee down, sloshing a few drops onto the table, and tipped the creamers into John’s hand, brushing her thumb over his lightly. She turned to the other man, a smile still stretched across her plain features. “And what can I get you?”
John’s answering smile is sad and apologetic. He leans and kisses Harry’s cheek, hard and fast, and her face relaxes. She sets her mug on the grate with a rattle, coffee splashing out and dripping down to the concrete, and throws both arms around him.
John opens his mouth to reply, but is cut off by a "Yoo hoo, I hope you're both still decent!" as Mrs Hudson pushes the door open with her hip, bearing a tray loaded with steaming bowls and mugs.
John makes sure all her windows and doors are locked as she chatters he way through boiling the water, and scans the alley for anything out of the ordinary as she slices some cheddar to go with the pasties. Satisfied she’s as safe as she can be, he settles down at the kitchen table, feeling unaccountably grateful to be able to listen to the latest neighbourly gossip.
He considers waking Sherlock, then decides to let him sleep. He's starving, though, and has a powerful need to piss. He works his arm slowly out from under Sherlock and tiptoes into the loo. While he’s there, he decides he may well shower. When he’s through, he pulls on the same rumpled clothes from the night before and exits through the hallway door so he doesn't have to fumble around in the dark bedroom and accidentally wake Sherlock.
"Oi! Stop your shit, Sherlock. You wanna fight, let's fucking fight. Let's fucking tear each other a new one. But you can leave your snide little asides at the fucking door, yeah?" His accent's changed, the lilt he took on in the army, in med school, slipping back into an East London working class drawl. Always comes out when he's spitting mad.
John tilted his head to the side in acquiescence. "Alright then," He jumped up to standing, and held out his hand, "Give it here."
“Yeah, alright, come on. Must know you’re here - sent a welcoming party.” John shook his head, looking thoroughly exasperated, though Sherlock knew he wasn’t in the least. “I think they’re heading towards the house.”
Sherlock drives their secondhand Vauxhall Astra into town once a week to go to the market. One week he comes home with chickens. John laughs and kisses his cheek, and builds a coop the next day. After that, they have eggs. When he brings home the goat -
John listened to the steady thump of Sherlock's heart next to his ear, the coursing of all that blood. "Sherlock?"
“I told you I would.” Sherlock murmurs, John already stretching up to put their mouths together. Sherlock wraps his arms around John’s bare waist, brushes his knuckles over the small of his back.
"You're beautiful." John's said it a thousand times, maybe more. John tells him daily how beautiful he is, how intelligent, how loved. He never feels like Sherlock truly believes it, understands his own worth, or beauty, or intelligence. Always trying to prove himself, prove that he’s needed.
Sherlock nods, unable to formulate any words that make sense. John yanks a few paper towels out of the dispenser and hands then to Sherlock, then takes some for himself. They wet them under the tap, watching each other in the cloudy mirror. Sherlock scrubs his face and neck and John wipes at the smeared eye makeup across his temples and the come dried on his belly. The shared grins and winks are almost more than Sherlock can take, the intimacy of this moment more intense than the sex.
A full body shudder rolls down from Sherlock’s scalp to his curling toes. Oh god, they’re going to -
"What, John?" Sherlock hears how exasperated he sounds. Can't help it. Last night was like a fairy tale. John the knight in shining armour. This morning, it's reality, and even though they're now in this together, Sherlock still needs drugs and they both need food. John can’t save him from starvation through sheer willpower.
"Why do you want this? Why? I'm a fucked up junkie, and I haven't even told you why I'm out here. I could have murdered my whole family, I could have done terrible things, John. You don't know. I haven't done anything to make you feel this way. I don't understand, John. Am I a charity for you? You just a want to help someone to make yourself feel better and I looked like a good opportunity?"
The phone hit the wall with such force that it cracked apart, shards of plastic flying to carpet. John barely made it to the loo before the vomit had made it’s way up. He slid to the floor, arms resting on the toilet bowl, and wept until he threw up again. Sleep found him finally, curled in a ball on the bathroom floor, tears and vomit dried on his face.
“What if I fall asleep in the water? I could drown.” He shifts his hips, just enough to make his stomach muscles roll a little. His cock bounces against his thigh and Sherlock sucks his lower lip into his mouth, rolling his eyes heavenward in a clear
John and Lester combed the house within an inch of its life. There was nothing. Nothing except a giant black bloodstain on the sitting room floor and another one in the basement, both of which made John shiver and choke back bile. Laying on the pavement. His shoulder aching, running his finger over where Sherlock had died. Wishing he’d died too. Of course, he had, mostly.
John takes a step forward, so the toes of their shoes are nearly overlapping. Their noses are inches apart, John’s head tilted up to look into Sherlock’s face. His eyes look like the sky.
Sherlock flips off and lays on his back next to John, spreads his legs with one knee bent towards the ceiling and one flat against the bed. He watches John expectantly, eyes burning with lust and love and more complicated emotions that they'll have time and hopefully courage to discuss later. He spreads his thighs wider, grabs John's wrist and puts his hand against the heat between his legs. John's cock throbs and there's heat pooling in his thighs and his belly and god he doesn't even want to do this right, he just wants to shove into Sherlock as hard as he can.
This was both a labour of love and a commission of love from addictedstilltheaddict, which was the most wonderfully flattering thing, to have someone love this fic so much they wanted to commission a chapter from me. It meant a lot. I hope this chapter lives up to her hopes.
John fell silent, his mouth twisting in the way it did when he was dealing with a harsh emotion, or several, and he didn't want to cry. Sherlock shuffled forward on the sofa and dropped an arm behind his shoulders, kissed his hair. John tipped his head against Sherlock's and breathed in deeply. Sherlock looked into the box.
After they’re done, crumbs wiped up and delicate round tops places back on the teacups, John helps Mrs Hudson gather the dishes and walks her back downstairs. He re-enters the flat with a sleepy sigh and a tender smile that reminds Sherlock of the night he came back to him, the night he came home.
?” John slid his grip from my waist to my arse, parting me, and simultaneously thrusting his hips up to rub against my bared and aching cock with the line of his own, barely concealed under his thin linen nightshirt.
John wants to hit him. Wants to smack that sneer off his lovely face, make Sherlock feel the sting of his wedding band against his cheekbone. He digs his fingernails into the heels of his hands instead, clamps down hard on the tip of his tongue with his teeth. "I would step back if I were you, Sherlock."
Rose smiles knowingly at him, and he averts his eyes, staring out the window at the darkening sky instead.
It’s no good. He can’t keep his eyes open, and Sherlock’s obviously not in the room. Christ, his fucking
John had barely suppressed the shiver that rippled down his spine, watching Sherlock watching him, the immediate connection between them palpable and electric. Sherlock laid it on so thick - the flirting, the cool guy routine. It was both endearing and sexy as hell, and John hadn’t been so enthralled by someone, well.
Sherlock shrugged, exhilarated not only by the bracing Scottish air and the promise of a crime to solve, but by the burning expression in John’s eyes and the memory of last night surging unbidden through his mind’s eye. John’s sweaty hair in the firelight, the muscles in his forearms undulating as his hands moulded bruises into Sherlock’s hips.
Sherlock smiles against John's mouth, shimmies closer and wraps his arms around John's neck. "When, then?"
"It would have changed things for me." John noses down to rub his tingling mouth along Sherlock's collarbone. "I would have been able to tell you I loved you before I lost you."
John’s vocabulary during our couplings was marvelously filthy and inventive, the result of an unrivaled breadth and depth of sexual experiences across three continents. The dirty words he whispered as he made love to me, his voice somehow both rough and tender, never failed to increase my arousal exponentially. The moan that escaped me now was so wanton and pleading that I felt almost that I should have been embarrassed, but for the fact that I knew full well the effect my vocalisations had on John.
“Good?” Sherlock breathes, pulling the soft skin of John’s bottom lip between his teeth as he strokes his cock slow, rubs his thumb over the the slit. God, John’s so wet, leaking everywhere. It makes Sherlock hot all over.
Sherlock crept up the steps. The door to the flat was unlocked. The faint odor of sick hung pungently in the air.
his eyes rolling back as his head thumps against the pillows, his hips desperately trying to rise off the bed. He’s so
He’s like a big lazy dog sometimes, Sherlock thought fondly, glancing over to see John rubbing at his eyes and finally sitting up with a bit of a start.
"Alright, alright. Shhhh. Put your knees up, that's right. Good job." John eases the stretcher out of him, and replaces it with his index and middle fingers and finds Sherlock’s prostate, eliciting from him a keening sob that sounds a bit like
They knock back the tequila. John chokes and sputters, and Sherlock realises he's probably never drunk straight tequila in his life. "Are you alright?"
"I know." Sherlock's head was unbearably heavy all of a sudden. His thinking was slowing to a trickle, all the normal complexities of his genius dissipating into the simplicity of a crackling fire and soft lips at his ear. "I love you so terribly much, John."
Sherlock tries to jerk his head out of John’s grasp, pushes at his arms with his hands. John tightens his grip, and Sherlock drops his hands. He whimpers a little and casts his eyes on the floor.
, but now he rather thinks he should have, because Sherlock’s looking at him as though gravity has just reversed itself and they’re hanging off the earth by their toes.
“Isn’t it hard to walk like that?” Sherlock lets his other hand slip down and rest on John’s arse, squeeze a little. He’s going to have him tonight. Just the thought is intoxicating. It’s been so long since he wanted anyone, and it’s never been like this. This is intense, tangible. It’s thrumming through his veins like racing fuel, he’s consciously fighting against just pushing John up against a brick wall in some grotty old alleyway. His skin is too tight, from John or from coming down, probably both. His eyes are stinging from the wind. He wants to shut them against John’s bare back, flutter his eyelashes against his spine. He wants him writhing underneath him.
"That's my good boy." John kisses his shoulder and his hair, gives the lead a gentle tug as he sits up. "Turn over for me."
“What showed you the darkness?” The man’s voice was curious, unthreatening, at odds with his words and what John knew was his business.
John saunters away, a spring in his step. Sherlock feels like his entire body is smiling. It’s absurd, and he would normally be more suspicious, but he can’t find it in himself to be. John Watson inspires emotions in him that are completely foreign - trust, and confidence, and certainty. Nevermind the sizzling electric physical desire. He can’t imagine being separated from him. Ever.
Above him, John shudders and whimpers, his chest contracting. "Take it, come on, you want it, take it, yeah, yeah, that's it."
Sherlock must have grabbed the bag, because he tosses it across the bed and then sinks down onto the edge of it. He looks up at John, eyes half closed. "Come here, John." His voice is rough.
My usual ability to expound upon nearly any subject which interested me failed me completely when asked to speak of my own desires, a phenomenon which had long caused John endless amusement. I had endured much good natured teasing about my bashfulness, how my tongue simply refused to articulate the same thoughts that made my blood run hot.
He put his hand over hers and smiled against the softness of her palm. "It is. You're right about that, Mrs Hudson."
Our hands on me sped up at my insistence, and I felt my bollocks drawing up, the pressure mounting quickly. The tension within me coiled tighter and tighter, my body shaking from tip to toe, until it was unbearable, until my skin felt stretched thin and the roar of my blood pumping in my ears was deafening. It coalesced low in my groin, until I felt I should burst from it - and then finally burst I did, spilling hot over our conjoined fingers, and spurting up onto my belly, my body jerking and shaking out of my control. I heard myself moaning far too loudly, but was unable to quiet myself as my limbs flooded with heat, my breath hitching and catching in my lungs, and all the tension in me dissolving into a pleasure so deep that my muscles would no longer hold me upright. I collapsed back against John's sturdy chest, feeling the thump of his hammering heart against my shoulder blade.
“I won’t.” Sherlock presses his lips to John’s hair, settles back as comfortably as he can, cradling John in his arms, careful not to let his weight rest anywhere near the wound. John’s breathing slows, becoming even and shallow. He shuffles closer, burrowing tight to Sherlock and sighing. Sherlock allows his own eyes to close. He’s remarkably tired himself.
Sherlock bends down and laps at John’s earlobe, pleased at the shuddering gasp it wrings from him. “Anywhere I can get my mouth around that massive cock of yours and not be interrupted.”
, has to know every detail. He used to be able to deduce people without asking. Now his brain’s too heroin muddled for that. It’s all still in there, his intelligence, it’s burning like cinders at the ends of his damaged neurons, but he can’t
As evening seeps through Baker Street, a soft purplish hue draping itself across every surface, John feels shredded. By everything he’s holding inside, by Sherlock’s silence. He slams shut the book he’s been vaguely attempting to read, and Sherlock doesn’t even flinch.
John’s hips kick forward like he can’t help it, and his fingers skid across the thin skin on the inside of Sherlock’s wrist and over his palm, interlacing their fingers tightly. He nudges his face against Sherlock’s, mouthing lightly at his jaw in not-quite-a-kiss, and whispers back, “I know exactly where we can go. Come on, gorgeous.”
So he'd been texting him from disposable phones, purchased in grubby backwater stores, or stolen out of the pockets of street dealers and thugs. John had to know it was him. He had to realise no one else could know the details of their private conversations, their "domestics".
Then James shrugs and the tension drops out his stance. He tucks his wand in his pocket and ambles past John with a smirk before turning back to look at Sherlock. He leers, his eyes on John, and mouths
"Condom, John," Sherlock reminds him, panting, crooking open one eye, half smiling with his kiss swollen lips.
“Sherlock. Calm down.” John holds his hands up, moves toward Sherlock, his throat tight with shock and apprehension.
He snaps his head up, stares at the old woman. She’s got steel in her glare, and it’s directed at him. “You are not allowed to fall apart. He needs you. Get yourself together.”
It was only later, as John was breathing evenly beside him, that Sherlock found himself ruminating on how little he really knew of John's childhood. John knew virtually everything about Sherlock's. The failed public schools, the bullying, Redbeard. That the Holmeses moved out of London because of their troubled younger son, to try and give him the breathing space to thrive. John would rub Sherlock's back as he spoke, play with his curls, tell him how perfect he was to John, and how no one else's opinion mattered. Then silence. John rarely reciprocated by telling a childhood tale of his own.
"Thank you." Sherlock smiles, still looking at his knees, his hands clasped at the small of his back.
“Yes, they’ve clearly seen actual combat - the scuff marks across the heels, the way the  soles are worn. The way you tie them and the fact that they’re highly polished said you’d been in the army. Old habits die hard. Put together with the tan lines around your wrists and neck, and the still short army haircut, and it’s obvious you’re just back from active duty somewhere sunny.” It’s a sloppy deduction, but slamming that gin and tonic so quickly has made him more than a little tipsy, and he’s half hard already, trying to think straight through a haze of desire.
John moved rhythmically; swirling his tongue deep inside him, sucking gently, then nuzzling his face and laving over him with a flat tongue. Over and over, until Sherlock was shaking, muscles trembling, every tendon loose and failing. He was keening, could hear himself vaguely far away and tympanic, a thudding whine resonating through his inner ear and flooding his brain with noise. His own pleasure reverberating through him with every lap of John's tongue. The room was buzzing. His knees were going to give out. John felt it, licked quickly over him just once more, and then pulled back, rubbing his now saliva soaked beard over both Sherlock's arse cheeks and kissing him.
“I’m Harry, I’m Johnny’s sister.” Her hip cocks to the side, and her mouth purses in a way that reminds Sherlock viscerally of John. Same eyes, same expressions, same self assuredness. They’re tough, these Watsons. “The hospital called me. What’s
“Go ahead. I want to feel you come while I’m inside you.” Just the thought of it nearly pushes him over the edge, a delicious tingle crawling up his belly and down his thighs.
"No. No, it's alright. I want to tell you. You just - caught me off guard." If he can't be honest about tonight, at least he can be honest about something. "Molly was, um, someone I met when I first left home. She, uh, took to me, and we were both completely alone, so we stayed together. Her parents were like yours. She was really smart, wanted to be a forensic scientist. We used to talk, about science, and math. Things that made us remember - who we were. Inside. She, um, had to, you know...like I did. We watched out for each other. Most of the time. And then, one night, I was really...out of it, and I couldn't go with her, and um, she went out to try and make some money, and she just never came home."
He scrubs his hands through his hair and follows the crowd of students as they narrow to mount the stone stairs into the castle. A blonde head of hair stands out in the crowd, even though John’s a half a foot shorter than everyone around him. His hair glows golden in the torchlight, the square edge of his jaw accentuated by deep shadows as he turns and laughs loudly at the person standing next to him. Sherlock watches him, unaware he’s biting into his bottom lip until he tastes blood.
“You seemed like you needed to sleep.” Sherlock shrugged, and veered off onto the exit for Blackburn. “Let’s stop and have lunch.”
"Where is this coming from, Sherlock?" His voice is shaking, even his vocal chords strained by the normally buried fury that's now far too close to the surface. "You have no right. You're the one who wanted this. You’re the one who always asks me to correct you. I’ve never, never even once initiated that. You’re the one who wanted all of this. You. Not me."
Sherlock flushes at that, delicate pink blush over his cheekbones and his ears. He looks even more lovely, though John's not sure how that's physically possible. Those perfect full lips curve up into a smile so achingly sweet that John drops the bag on the floor and surges forward, wraps his hand around the nape of Sherlock's neck and pulls him down into a bruising kiss. Sherlock's arms close around his waist, hands rubbing at the dip of his spine, touching along the edges of his shoulder blades. John pushes up on his toes, both arms around Sherlock's neck, teeth nibbling at his bottom lip. Breathing each other's air.
“Sure.” Sherlock tries very hard not to blush, feeling terribly wrong-footed and confused about what’s going on inside him right now. When John, rather sleepily, shoves a Cauldron Cake in his hand as a thank you, he can’t even bring himself to tell John he hates the damned things, and he just eats it.
Tommy's brow knitted together confusedly. "Shit, sorry, John. Really. I’m sorry. I was just taking the piss. You know I'm not like that."
John presses his mouth - laughing again - along the swell of Sherlock's hip as he eases his trousers down his thighs. "I thought about it too," he says softly, nose buried in soft cotton, the crease of Sherlock's pelvis humid and musky. Sherlock's trousers are awkwardly bunched around his knees. John reluctantly peels his face away from Sherlock's pants and kneels up to take the trousers off.
When I entered our sitting room, I was shocked to see an unfamiliar - and gigantic - piece of furniture sitting squarely in front of the fireplace. This space, just a few days previously, had been home to Watson’s well worn red wingback chair and my own decrepit black leather one. This chair was massive, nearly large enough to be called a settee, thick and low to the ground, a curious mossy green colour, with burnished brass tacks lining the arms and the back. I stood staring at it for at least ten seconds before I became aware that Watson was actually sitting slumped in it, his blonde head resting against it's padded back, his legs stretched out toward the cold hearth.
He crosses to where Sherlock’s standing and hesitates, then there’s pressure on Sherlock’s forearm. John’s fingers touching, just that much, his thumb against the inside of Sherlock’s wrist. No one has ever put their fingers in
“I could wait for you. Until the bar closes. I could - wait. If you want me to.” Sherlock stumbles, unaccustomed to this - to affection and companionship and soft smiles and the idea of someone sticking around. The idea of him
“Home. They’re discharging you. Seems a fall from three stories up only warrants a month in hospital. I think it helps I’m a doctor. They’re letting me take over your care at home.” John raises his cup to his mouth, then lowers it again. His eyes look troubled.
"John would never. Never." His voice shakes, the fear that been lurking in the back of his mind for days spilling foul from Jim's poisonous lips.
At some point John moves to sit next to Sherlock instead of Harry, lays his head against Sherlock’s shoulder and grabs his hand under the blanket. Just like that first day on Tower Bridge. Sherlock squeezes his fingers and refuses to acknowledge the lump in his throat.
sofa - in your pyjamas and your dressing gown and I know you never wear pants under your pyjamas and I just kept thinking about what you would do if I came home and just kissed you and told you what an awful shit you'd been and just held you down and kissed you, just kissed you all over and shut you up a bit - "
The first smack echos startlingly loudly in the room, followed quickly by Sherlock's surprised whimper. His arms, weak from being bent behind him, shift slowly up the bed, fingers scrabbling at the headboard as John lands the second smack against Sherlock's left shoulder blade. Sherlock's a mess of groaning and crying already, tears leaking down over the bridge of his nose. His eyes are shut, and John doesn't remind him to open them.
"Come on, let's - " John doesn't finish the sentence, just pulls on Sherlock's hand. The hallway is cast with a blue winter light. John thinks for a moment it feels like a dream, and he doesn't want it to. Too much of his life the last two years has been him walking through it like a man asleep, not feeling anything. He wants to
, don’t call me that, you sod.” John slaps at his arm, glaring at him and wrinkling his nose, but pulls out his wallet and hands him a tenner all the same.
“So it would seem.” Sherlock pauses and leans forward, lowering his voice. “What do you need with me?”
Oh, that was definitely an added bonus to keeping bees - a constant supply of honey for --  "Well, yes, I do rather enjoy that."
"I have a lot of other plans for my tongue," John says, trying to lighten the mood, trying to bring them back to laughing hot into each other's mouths. He licks a wet messy stripe up the side of Sherlock's neck.
"It's alright, John." Sherlock's hand stroked over his flank, up over his stomach, grounding and soothing. "Don't be afraid of it."
Shit. Sherlock’s not going to be pleased the case was solved without him. John rubs his hands over his face. Sherlock’s never, not once, failed to crack the case when Greg brought him in. He’s going to be gutted.
He arched his eyebrow at me wickedly and grinned, moustache twitching. He gestured at me, twirling his index finger in a lazy circle. “Turn around.”
"Yes, of course." Sherlock said absently, paging through Cairndow's various hotels and B&B's on the Visit Scotland website.
Sherlock bent down into the heat their bodies had created under the blankets, and nosed John’s thin tee shirt up. Ran his lips over John’s lumbar vertabrae and hummed. John squirmed and swatted at his head. He hooked his fingers over the elastic of John’s pants and pulled them down enough he could get at the fleshy top of John’s arse. Opened his mouth and licked. John tasted like musk, sweat, a bit like the curry they’d had for dinner last night. He hadn’t showered before bed, exhausted after a full day at the surgery, then meeting Sherlock at a crime scene and spending all evening on a case.
''H'lo, love. Thinking?" John had clearly had more than a few pints. He flopped heavily on the sofa and tried to toe off his boots, lower lip jutting out in frustration when he couldn't manage it. It was devastatingly adorable.
fucking angry at you." John drags Sherlock's face down to his, licks aggressively into his mouth, tongue swiping at his teeth and palate. His teeth clamp down on Sherlock's bottom lip, hard. "So fucking angry."
“Sleep, baby. I’ll be right here when you wake up.” John twirls a lock of Sherlock’s hair around his fingers and wiggles down until he’s comfortable enough to stay that way for the hours it will take for Sherlock to catch up on his sleep. They’ve been down this road before. When Sherlock doesn’t sleep for days, once the crash hits, he sleeps for eleven or twelve hours at a time. Luckily it’s late afternoon already, so John himself will be able to sleep relatively soon.
He swallowed. God this was fucking torture. This was more torturous than any lashing he’d yet endured. He’d been beaten, tied up, kidnapped, had fallen into a frozen river once and nearly went hypothermic before a constable passed by and saw him sinking. Every breath he’d gasped out on the way to hospital was
“On my computer.” Sherlock tries to sound offended, but he turns the water on and lathers up his hands anyway.
"You're the cocktease in this house. That beard, and that completely devastating arse, and you're more than capable of ignoring me. To go to sleep, of all things. Those blue striped pyjama bottoms that hang around your hips are absolutely criminal. Then you just sit down and start
Sherlock gapes, stunned, unable to answer John. His heart is thumping out his chest. Never, never did he think he would see Molly Hooper again. He assumed she was an unidentified body, a bloated corpse being buffeting by the currents at the bottom of the Thames. He can’t remember how swallowing works.
Sherlock opens his mouth with a snarky retort lodged just behind his teeth, but changes course mid breath. “I -- yes. It is.”
. You do all the time.” Sherlock snaps, but there's a growing tone of exhaustion in his voice. Sherlock’s foot is bleeding where he stood on the broken mug. There’s a trail of bloody footprints overlapping each other on the wood floor where Sherlock’s paced back and forth. “And the worst part isn’t that you do it, it’s that you won’t even admit it. Won’t even admit that this is a part of you.”
A hard lump lodges in Sherlock's throat, looking round at the entry hall with its doilies and gleamingly polished, but cheap and tattered, furniture. At the neat pair of shoes lined up next to the door. At the eight hook coat rack with one lone cardigan hanging on it. She's alone. Just like them.
"So you're Scottish." Sherlock felt unreasonably put off by the thought. It was as if he was married to wholly different person. John Watson, Scotsman.
John, conversely, seemed to be growing heartier with every step. He’d shed his cable jumper at least an hour previous, and it was now tied around his waist, flapping gently against the backs of his knees as he skipped from root to rock. His cheeks glowed with exertion and there was an alert calm in those seawater blue eyes that Sherlock rarely glimpsed. Despite his protestations back at Baker Street that he’d never make it an afternoon without city conveniences, he seemed entirely at home here, amongst the tall pines, surrounded by the scent of moist earth and composting leaves. He looked the part of the hale country bloke out for a survey of his estate. All he needed was a dog gamboling round his feet and a rifle over his shoulder.
"John, stop for a second." Sherlock's hands tighten around his, stilling them, trying to get his attention, and John looks from his scarf to his face, which is solemn, far too solemn.
The rose bushes gave way to snow white rhododendrons as they closed in on the house itself, not nearly as imposing up close as it had seemed at a distance. Quite the opposite, actually. It seemed on a smaller scale, weathered stones and worn paint, red velvet curtains at the windows - it felt like a home.
Sherlock is breathing very fast, his nostrils flaring and his jaw working in a rapid tight circles. John waits. And waits. Sherlock is breathing so fast it's becoming a bit worrisome. John wants to apologise, take it back, tell Sherlock it's fine, it's all fine. They can carry on as before, it doesn't have to change anything --
John wouldn't let go of his hand. Sherlock put a knee on the bed, carefully lifted his other leg over John's thighs, and crawled over him until he was able to lie down behind him. Sherlock's knees tucked into the back's of John's knees, his left arm stretched over a too thin waist, their fingers tightly entwined. Sherlock's nose was in his hair, and soft lips at his neck.
Sherlock crossed the room and retrieved John’s phone, handed it to him. John opened it, his eyes glistening over as he read the text. He looked up at Sherlock, lip trembling. A tear slipped down his face and he closed his eyes, shaking his head.
without it.” Sherlock’s voice is low and earnest. He picks at the now soggy chips cooling between them, licks a drip of ghastly thick brown gravy off his thumb.
"John. Please." Sherlock makes a move to take his cock in his bound together hands, and John lands a brutal smack against the bony part of Sherlock's hip. He lets out a quiet little mewl of acquiensce and  quickly puts his arms back above his head.
"Count on it." John licks a wet warm stripe up Sherlock's spine, and murmurs, "Come on, little bee. Turn over. This bear wants some honey."
John eased himself back in the chair, stretched his legs out straight on either side of Sherlock. He swept Sherlock’s fringe away from his forehead and sighed. “This is all I’ve ever wanted, you know. Just you.”
“Um. The catheter, it’s stuck.” John was rarely uncomfortable about bodily functions, being a doctor, and having shared living quarters with dozens of other men, but he felt heat rising on his cheeks.
"That's okay. I just want to make you feel so good, even if it's fast. I don't care." John moves up Sherlock's body without taking his hand off his cock, kisses his shoulder and his neck, "Tell me what to do next. Tell me what you wanted me to do that night, Sherlock. Tell me what you imagined."
“Shove off, you great lump. You weigh about a million pounds.” His voice is muffled and thick, but Sherlock can hear the smile in it.
It should have been silly, it should have felt utterly ridiculous, to have John calling him lassie and pretending he's a virgin, and putting on a horrible Scottish brogue. It should have. But it didn't. Instead, it was like liquid arousal right into his veins, scalding through his bloodstream and short circuiting his higher brain functions. His hips pressed up of their own accord, and John's hand closed around the bone, pushing him back down firmly.
"I know. I know. Shhh. Don't make a sound." Sherlock takes his hand away, leaving John's face wet and cold, and grips his hip tightly as he kicks John's feet as wide as they can go, John's jeans around his ankles restricting him.  "Put your hands against the wall." John does as he's told, bracing himself with his hands and taking his raw cheek away from the bricks. Sherlock rolls his forehead against John's neck, kisses at him gently. "Just hold still. We don't have anything. I'm going to get you wet enough to take me."
. John picks up the crust of his sandwich he’d left on the plate and stuffs it into his mouth, just to give himself something to focus on. Sherlock jerks his chin in approval and trills a laugh, as though John’s just said something terribly funny. He slips his phone back onto the table, face down.
I looked up at Watson questioningly as he tenderly tucked the blankets around me. “You’ve not slept here while I’ve been away.”
John arches against him, letting out a hot gasp of breath into Sherlock’s open mouth. His cock stirs against Sherlock’s thigh and Sherlock drags his hips round in a little circle, his own penis straining uncomfortably at the buttons of his pants. John’s left hand sneaks up his thigh, under his nightshirt.
John whimpered a little, and Sherlock felt the shiver that trembled through him as he worked slicked fingers inside himself. Their pricks slid against each other, and John gasped hard, finally pulling his mouth away from Sherlock's and burying his forehead in the crook of Sherlock's shoulder. His forearm flexed against Sherlock's stomach as he moved his fingers inside his own body.
, he’s always so warm, even when they’ve been sitting in the cold for an hour and Sherlock’s chilled to the bone.
. This smell is wet coats dripping off in the entryway on a fall afternoon, and apples crisp and cold, bitten into on the walk home from the shop, this is John’s hands in Sherlock’s hair cuddled under the comforter on a chilly morning, and his blue eyes illuminated by the flickering firelight. This smell is brilliantly complicated and primally simple. Sherlock’s never smelled anything like this before.
John moved, shifted to the side, and winced as pain shot down his side from his broken ribs. The catheter tube was trapped between the mattress and the metal rail. Shit. This was going to get real intimate, real quick.
Kissing Sherlock's scars shouldn't be arousing, and it's not, really, but Sherlock's squirming in between his thighs, sighing and pushing his back against John's mouth, his skin hot and flushed and wet with John's saliva. "Oh, John," Sherlock says over and over, rubbing his hands up and down John's legs. "I love you," John says so quietly he's not even sure Sherlock can hear him, with his tongue pressed against Sherlock's back, but Sherlock gasps and arches his back, and the heat between them is rising, the air thick, even though that isn't what John intended. He just wanted to kiss the pain away, but Sherlock's touching his thighs, and shifting relentlessly against him, and making beautiful delicate noises.
Oh, the middle of the night. The middle of the night has always been hard for me. It’s too quiet. Too much room to think.
"Be still." Sherlock arches up once more in silent entreaty, but lets his hips fall back on the bed and watches as John picks up the braided rope. He secures it to the ring at Sherlock's throat and gives a tug. Sherlock's mouth opens, goosebumps erupting cross his chest and shoulders. "Oh, you like that. God, no one would believe me if I told them how you like to be collared and humiliated and called a dirty whore. This is all just for me. No one else has ever seen you this way."
"I'm sorry to say that I am." Sherlock followed, arms crossed over his chest. He looked exhausted, angular face rife with shadows, his eyes ringed with grey.
“Fuck off. I’m not scared. You arse. Besides, I thought I was the Daddy...” John swats at Sherlock’s stomach playfully, his eyes black and shining, tilting his head back, letting Sherlock suck and rub and lap at his neck as he shivers.
So all I could think that morning when I awoke with your fingers dipping gently under the waistband of my pants and your voice husky with sleep whispering my name, all I could think was
“There’s a lot you don’t know about me.” John’s eyes slanted at Sherlock’s, his mouth tight, and for the first time since they’d reunited, there was anger in his face. “I keep telling you I’m not the same person, and you’re just not fucking listening.”
“Yes, Sherlock, yes,” John had nearly sobbed the words, falling down into Sherlock’s lap as their mouths met in a marrow deep kiss. They had clasped each other like people drowning, promises and apologies tumbling out between desperate kisses as they fell back on the hearth rug. It had been graceless and fumbling, as first times always are, perhaps more so as the intensity of their desire had rendered their fingers too clumsy, their mouths too hungry to be artful. Afterward, they’d lain gasping in this same bed, feeling as though the entire world had just been undone and put back together between them.
John makes a high needy sound that spirals spectacularly though Sherlock’s body, makes his cock jerk in his pants. It's never been like this, this kind of urgency. He wants everything at once. He braces himself with one hand next to John’s head. John’s face is blushed deep pink, his blue eyes bright and glazed, hair sweaty from dancing and running. Sherlock can
"Fuck, I want you." John growls, already holding back the orgasm that's shivering it's way through his nervous system, reaching between them and slicking them with lube even as he tenses and pushes back against Sherlock's hand, trying to get him deeper.
Sherlock falls back against the damp tile wall, crouched in a ball, his knees drawn up to his chest in the darkness. He can’t stop shaking. The paramedics are bent over John with bandages and gloves, an IV bag. Everyone’s moving both incredibly fast and far too slow. Sherlock wants to shout at them, order them to hurry up, get John to the hospital.
Worshipful fingers danced over every bump of rib, every knot of scar tissue on John’s torso. He brushed his fingertips over John’s nipples, eliciting from John a deep shuddering inhalation. He pinched and rolled the hardening flesh between his fingers, and John shifted his hips in response, covered Sherlock’s hand with his own. They caressed John’s chest together, fingers entwined. Sherlock pressed his lips to the gunshot scar, brushed them across John’s back to the freckle in the center of his spine. John arched and sighed, his back muscles rippling and tensing under Sherlock’s mouth.
“Yeah. I’m, uh, wondering where I could find a ‘friend’ for a few hours.” He cleared his throat and refused to look away.
Despite everything, John has the overwhelming urge to tell Sherlock to sit down, let him clean his foot, bandage it. He swallows, eyes fixed on a bloody smear next to the kitchen door.
“Only with you.” Sherlock says sincerely. He burrows closer, runs his toes along the bottom of John’s foot, up over his ankle. He can’t get close enough. An inch is too much space between them.
The thing is, it’s always been extraordinary, their life. It’s been bullets and semtex and gore, it’s always been sleep deprivation and full throttle and explosive and it’s been a goddamned train wreck and it’s been amazing. But it’s been amazing because it’s been
John takes his cock in hand and rubs the head along Sherlock's waiting mouth. Precome spreads slick across his bottom lip and he instinctively opens his mouth, taking in just the first few centimeters of velvety hot skin. John's prick is heavy and salty on his tongue. He wants more of it, wants to take John in until he's gagging on him.
. The images tumble unfettered through John’s mind. Sherlock’s smiling face, inches from his own, pale cheeks flushed with exertion as John sweeps his tangled hair from his eyes.
The pain of getting married to someone who wasn’t Sherlock, and knowing, with every fibre of his being, how
Watson stood and smoothed his clothes, jerked his braces back up over his shoulders with his thumbs. I pressed the backs of my hands to my burning cheeks and leaned against the mantle, fiddling with one of the many pipes that littered its surface and trying to assume an air of nonchalance. Mrs Hudson’s knock came just seconds later.
have control over what colour my hair is." John turned and looked at Sherlock, trying to look irritated but coming off rather more affectionately exasperated than anything else.
“And you always know what I’m thinking.” Sherlock murmurs, meaning it, because even when that isn’t true, it
John threw his head back and guffawed. Sherlock loved how he was after sex, so easy to laugh, so relaxed and unburdened. He looked ten years younger, and so happy it made Sherlock’s heart constrict.
His lip was bleeding again. There was practically no intact skin left on the inside, all shreds and scabs. He worried a scab with his teeth, trying to think clearly.
Sherlock stares up at the canopied ceiling of his bed, going over and over the possibilities, until he just can’t keep his eyes open anymore. They ache and burn from being awake so long. He rolls, curls his knees into his chest, and surrenders. At least, he thinks as he’s drifting into unconsciousness, at least Mycroft’s message drove those laughing indigo eyes from his mind. For a few hours, anyway.
So I fall asleep with my head on your arm and your leg over my hip, and promise myself we’ll talk about it tomorrow.
Sherlock interrupts. “Well, you must have, a bit. We didn’t used to go round holding hands. I mean, even you aren’t
Someone else’s life. Now he was being tormented with memories of it, as if he didn’t do a good enough job of it himself. Shit, it had been five minutes. Lester was walking out of the diner. John skidded on the ice, trying to get quickly into car, fumbled the keys and they slipped under the car.
"The way." John grinds his teeth, claws at the back of his neck. His fingers are sweaty. "The way that."
That was it. From that moment, he smoked. He was dead inside anyway. Lung cancer didn’t really phase him. Smoking didn’t just remind him of Sherlock. It was becoming Sherlock, it was putting something dark and dangerous inside himself that he’d never permitted before. It was crossing a line John Watson wouldn’t have. It was allowing Sherlock to own a piece of him that he’d kept from him in life. He couldn’t stop.
Sherlock tilts his head in acknowledgment, and smirks, reminding John of a nobleman who just took advantage of the milkmaid in the barn. Proud and lascivious. “I’m fantastic.”
John grins, his melancholy evaporating in the sweet hot breath ghosting over his nape, and squirms closer. Sherlock slinks an arm over his waist, bare above his pyjama bottoms, and rubs a flat hand against his belly. Warm. He’s so warm.
“They’re crossing the street...they’re looking at the bus schedule. The one you recognised has his phone out, texting - contacting Malvo, no doubt.”
John's eyes are black in the honey yellow street light. He considers Sherlock, chewing on the inside of his lip. "You okay?"
The hansom clattered to a stop in front of Baker Street, and I drew in a long deep lungful of sooty London air as I opened the cab door. I stepped out onto the pavement and looked up at the windows of our sitting room, the curtains of which were still drawn shut in the rosy early morning light. Watson couldn’t possibly still be slumbering; years of military service had made it nearly impossible for him to remain in bed once the sun had begun its ascent. Much to my repeated and vocal disappointment.
It was no good, he couldn’t stay awake. As he slipped back into unconsciousness, he felt fingers threading through his own and squeezing. He tried to squeeze back, but he couldn’t. Couldn't do anything except give in to the pull of the blackness behind his eyes.
"God this song is perfect. I'm playing it again." John reaches over and taps the screen, nodding his head in time. "You like it?"
The hot water burns his hand as he steps under, and he flexes his fingers, watching as water cascades over scraped knuckles and torn fingernails. If someone had told him even a month ago that he'd have injuries from Sherlock pushing him against a brick wall and fucking him like an animal in heat, he would have laughed in their face before he punched them in the mouth for talking about his husband that way. It definitely happened, though, and his aching body is evidence. He groans loudly, rolling his shoulders under the hot water and trying to relax. He's going to need ibuprofen. Forty something year old men should not engage in half the things John does on a regular basis, and occasionally his body lodges a stringent objection.
He looks up at John for the first time since they got in the ambulance, which feels like it was hours ago, but he knows it’s been less than two minutes. John’s face is a better colour than it was before, probably from the steady IV drip of saline solution
“Sherlock. Sherlock. Listen to me.” John’s stomach is tight with anxiety. This is their first real moment of testing their sub/dom arrangement, and they're already spinning out of control. He takes Sherlock’s face in his hands. “You haven’t done anything wrong. Except throw the mug and yell at me, but we’ll deal with that in a moment. Not solving a case is something that’s very occasionally going to happen. It’s not a reflection on your intelligence or your capabilities, alright? No one will think less of you.”
"This isn't about me, Sherlock." There's a thudding ache beginning behind his eyes. He digs his thumb and forefinger into his tear ducts and squeezes until he sees white spots. He's terrible at these kinds of discussions. They make him feel muddled and thick, as if he can't form the right words.
He’d loved Sherlock since the day they met, but that immediate connection had grown exponentially over the years. The sacrifices they’d made for each other, the years of longing and waiting, of grief and separation, had transformed and deepened that love into something fathomless. It was the kind of love that would consume them if they let it. John could sometimes too easily imagine his life with no one but Sherlock in it, spending every second together, burning themselves up in each other like a comet hitting the atmosphere. Beautiful and dangerous.
John smiled blearily, eyes still closed, and tightened his arm around Sherlock, drawing him close. “Mmm. Maybe just...for a bit. ‘M so sleepy…”
John opened his mouth several times before he seemed able to find words. His hand in Sherlock’s was limp. “Rachael. I knew her. We - she lived near my aunt. Harry and I, we played with her when we were kids, Sherlock. We
Nod, agree. Even though it’s so tempting to get high right now, before you’re sick, before it hurts. “Yes. I’m fine.”
“Yes, safe. You’re strong, and brave, and you take care of me when I need taking care of. I know you’ll never leave. I know the fierceness with which you love me. You protect me, and you never mean to hurt me. Unless I want you to, of course. You - you - you surround me with your presence. Even when you’re not here, you’re here. You love me, and I
“John. We can’t...we can’t stay here indefinitely.” Sherlock hates bringing it up, watching John’s face crumple, his brow furrow down. But it has to be said. “Yesterday was wonderful, an incredible dream...but. You can’t possibly go home, and I don’t think I would be welcomed back with open arms, either. And we have no way to make money, except…”
“But.” John says gently, and reaches his hand up to sweep Sherlock’s fringe away from his brow, to rub a thumb sweetly against his cheekbone, “You brilliant beautiful man. I don’t know if adding sex to everything else we’re - and I
She smirked at him. “I’ve made arrangements for CPS to visit their home before we return so they can interview both Sarah and Emma without his influence.”
They then waited in silence for Andy to return. “Steelspear is getting the room ready, and we can floo to his office whenever we are ready.” She informed them.
“We’ll have her asleep. Though she will likely be drained for a day or so afterwards. Possibly longer as she is a child, and such intrusive magic is generally saved until adulthood.” Cb. Flume explained.
Andromeda laughed, “There’s a spell for that, of course. It goes in and out of use, as do must things, but these things are easier to catch when children are younger, so they don’t have to watch their own body become something they are not. Occasionally it is mandated by the government, however it goes out of fashion every time a pureblood has a baby girl they want to stay male rather than allow her to be free to be herself. Currently it is up to the parents if they want the spell preformed at birth.”
Be real with me, was Mycroft Mycroft enough? I haven't had a lot of him by himself, so I'm hoping I got it right. Let me know!
Andromeda finished the spell, and had a floating quill take notes. “How did whom know what?” She asked with a slight glare.
“I’d rather not say until we are in Gringotts with all of the ward up at full strength. Even then, I’d be hesitant as a legilimens could potentially see it in your minds, and this is likely the type of thing we would not wish anyone outside those who must to know.”
With a nod Cb. Flume led them from the room and down the hall to the ward’s floo room, which was currently empty. “The address is ‘London Gringotts; room 426H; Ironwing.’ This will only work today. So please never try to reach this office like this again. You will not like the consequences.”
“Hello again.” Andy said from behind her desk gesturing for them to get comfortable. John took one of the spare chairs as Sherlock settled on the edge of the exam table with Holly shifted to his lap. “Cb. Flume should be here soon. He normally works for Gringotts and between the typical NDAs he signs for them, and the additional ones he’s signed to work with the hospital and specifically on this case no one should ever find out about what’s happened with Holly.” As she finished there was another knock on the door. “Come in.”
“According to my scans, yes. There was also no mention of any additional meddling with the scar.” She informed his after glancing through Holly’s file.
Cb. Flume nodded as he frowned. He then cast three separate spells before closing his eyes and rubbing the bridge of his nose. “We’ll need to move this to a ritual room, preferably in Gringotts. I wouldn’t want to risk this messing with any of the magic in the hospital, and the wards there are actually built to withstand curses this dark.”
“And what exactly do these do to the host or anchor?” Sherlock asked frowning and pulling Holly closer to his chest.
Cb. Flume was stocky, mostly muscle and only possibly breaking 5’6”. His hair was combed and gelled into place. His robes were black, likely hiding the stains from various curses he’d fought. He nodded to everyone in the room as he closed the door behind him then looked to Andy for introductions.
“Tell me Edward, what is your stance on bullying, the terror that riddles America.” Mycroft twirled his umbrella once as he took a step forward before leaning on it again.
After the reveal of her disownment and doubt of her cousin’s guilt Holly asked, “Does every one in your family have star names?”
When she reached the door she spoke to Cb. Flume for the first time, “Sherlock will tell me latter.”
Holly nodded as Andy returned with another doctor on her heals, whom she hastily introduced as he preformed a spell and shook his head. “I will contact Gringotts, we will need a curse breaker to help with this.” He then nodded at everyone and left again.
“Cb. Flume thank you for coming in today, these are John Watson, Sherlock Holmes, and their ward, Holly Potter.” John and Sherlock had each nodded at their names. Hearing Holly’s name, though, Cb. Flume turned to Andy with a raised eyebrow.
“Yes. There will be no mention that you have seen Holly Potter. If you must say who you were seeing today, you will say John Watson as his name is on my appointment schedule.” Andy’s voice was sharp as she narrowed her eyes at him.
Andromeda shook her head and compared her chart to the ones John had given her. “Well, you are not yet at the weight I would like you to be at, though it looks like you’ve gained two kilograms! That’s fabulous!” She gave Holly a big smile. “If you keep eating like you have been you’ll be right where we need you in no time!” She returned to her more professional mood, “Now I will be getting a full medical history. I’m doing this so that we can see if there are any long term issues that are hiding from us right now, this will take a while, but the spell is set up to highlight anything of importance is different colors depending on the severity. Are you ready?” Holly nodded and Andy preformed the spell, letting the quill and parchment do their thing once more.
Andy smiled before rubbing her eyes, “The motorcycle was likely Sirius’ bike. He enchanted it himself. It could fly, and somehow I’m not surprised he took you up on it, though your mother would have thrown a fit if she had known. I know she was upset when he gave you a leather jacket just after your birth saying ‘no godchild of his would look un-cool.’” She shook his head. “He was probably hoping she was too tierd to notice it.” Holly giggled as a beeping sounded from the parchment. “That’s not supposed to happen.” Andy muttered straightening and going to the parchment. Her eyes widened and she quickly cast another spell directed at Holly’s head. Before saying, “Excuse me, I need to get a specialist down here now.” She then ran out of the room, the quill still scribbling away like nothing had happened.
Andromeda laughed again, though this time she was joined by Sherlock. “You are but, only in the wizarding world. Not to worry, John and I will keep the press and vagrants away.” He then mumbled, “As long as John can keep it you off the blog.”
AS PROMISED (finally). I got a little sick last week (got tested to make sure it wasn't Covid... again) just a head cold, but it knocked me out for a couple days.
Andromeda chuckled as she drew her wand. “Yes, Holly Lyra. It’s why I believe you are likely his heir. You will have to go to the bank and get an inheritance test, but getting one may also prove his guilt or lack thereof. Now,” She made a rainbow of sparks flutter from her wand. “First I will do a full body scan to see how you are doing today.”
“Well now Edward, that is simply not true. You’ve done many things. You married Emma Thompson, you even got her pregnant and had a beautiful little girl. You’ll be having another child soon if my sources are correct. This is besides how you’ve been praised by your superiors at each job you’ve had and are currently being looked at for a promotion. Will any of these things matter in a hundred years? A thousand? Now that is a different question.” Mycroft took a step forward, no longer leaning on his umbrella, but sliding it between his hands.
“I’m not sure Holly Berry, but I’m sure Cousin Andy will get it all taken care of, okay?” He assured her.
“Sometimes I dream of a flying motorcycle, or a big flash of green.” Holly started, “but those are just dreams, they didn’t really happen.”
“How did her parents know Holly is Holly and not Harry?” Sherlock asked. His eyes had never left his book. And John went to stand next to him, placing his hand on the other man’s shoulder.
John nodded, “Thank you, for all of this. We will always be grateful for what you do today.” Sherlock nodded in agreement with his partner.
Mycroft was leaning gently on his umbrella in the warehouse he kept for these types of things just outside of London. He watched the pointed man be led in and forced to sit at the folding table (both the chair and the table had one uneven leg). Mycroft knew he was appropriately back lit and remained where he was for several minutes as Michaels attempted to balance his chair only to gram the table which would also jolt. Michaels opened his mouth only for Mycroft to say, “Good of you to meet with me today Edward. Don’t worry, we excused you from work.”
“Under normal circumstances I would say it is similar to possession, and anchors have been used to help the soul piece to possess those who stumble upon them.” Cb. Flume explained. “Luckily it seems this piece has been segregated and has not effected the remainder of Holly’s mind and soul. Essentially it’s formed a pocket for itself, which has the potential of making the whole process easier for us, though I wouldn’t count on such luck.” He then leaned forward. “Now Ms. Potter, I know this may seem scarry, but you will be asleep the whole time. Yes?” She nodded. “Now there are some linen robes you will need to wear, and if you would go to the third door on the right behind the door Steelspear came through you’ll find them waiting for you.” Holly nodded and slid off Sherlock’s lap.
Sherlock pulled up his sleeve showing a silver cuff with the Holmes family crest on it. “Each of us has one of these, they are spelled to only be removed by the wearer and protect against most spells, curses, and mind magics.”
There’s no more beautiful sound in the world than John’s name carried on his arousal roughened voice. He skates one hand up the curve of John’s back and tugs lightly at his hair, simultaneously resting his face against John’s thigh as he watches his index finger push slowly inside.
John silences him with a kiss, feels the slow smile spread across Sherlock’s mouth. John flicks his tongue along the silky inside of Sherlock’s bottom lip and pulls the sweet plumpness of it between his teeth. He nips it, Sherlock's sighs ghosting humid into his mouth and over his tongue.
"Having a cup of coffee. We were out and I didn't feel like going to the shop." John takes another sip of coffee, unable to stop his eyes from roaming affectionately over Sherlock's face, so familiar and comforting. Sometimes he thinks he could never see anyone else's face for the rest of his life, just Sherlock's. It's the only face he's interested in, the only face he sees when his eyes close at night. "Come sit with me. What are you on about? You left the crack of dawn."
“You asked me once to imagine what I would say if I was about to die, and I told you I didn’t have to. I’d already said it.”
“Hey. Weren’t you the one telling me earlier that Jim wasn’t worth it? They aren’t either.” John’s hand around Sherlock’s chin, pulling his head round to look at him. His hands are so strong, the knuckles knobby, calloused. “Hey. Right? We’re out to have fun, yeah? Not get arrested for picking a fight with two bigoted middle aged old twats.”
He bit at the bony curve where shoulder met upper arm, wrapped his left arm fully around John’s waist and pulled him close. “I won’t mind driving. That way, we can -
as Sherlock finds his rhythm, gentle and steady. He slips an arm over John’s belly, finds him hard again as his knuckles brush his erection. John shivers and bites back a cry. Oh god, he’s fucking miraculous. Sherlock’s on the edge of tears at the perfection of this, the love passing between them. Sherlock takes John’s hand off his own hip, guides him to take ahold of himself.
Sherlock smiles up at him, his lips rosy and plump, eyes already hazy with arousal. Two large hands snake around the back of John’s head and pull him down into a hungry kiss, Sherlock’s tongue sliding wet and wine-sweet against his own. Every emotion that’s surging through him pours from his mouth directly into Sherlock’s, through their shared breath, in the little gasps and whimpers pressed against each other’s lips.
"No. Not anymore. Just. Not right now." Sherlock bends infintesimally forward, and for one shining second John thinks he's going to kiss him goodnight. Instead the motion turns out more like a truncated bow, and Sherlock nods at him. "Well, goodnight."
"I wanted you - to come home - I wanted you not have left in the first place." Sherlock turns his head, awkwardly kissing at John's temple, rubs the flat of his hand down John's ribs, slow and deliberate. "I couldn't stop thinking - about you - how you
She poo poos him again, "Not in the least. Just a package of cubed beef and some veggies I had to use before they went soft. Nothing special at all. But I'll get you a nice big bowl once you're settled, anyway."
