"Nice to see you too Tiger." That got me out of bed. I shoot into a sitting position and stare wide-eyed at the pair in front of me.
"Come on, let's go get you a drink" I say, pulling him towards the bar. His hand rest gently on my hip, stopping me in my tracks.
"Yeah. Yes. I'm fine. Fine. Actually, I think I'm going to go lie down for a moment." My head is killing me. A tingling feeling spreads through my body, starting from the back of my neck. I begin twitching, my powers glitching out.
"Jamie please, you are boring me. Put the files on my desk and I will look over them and schedule a press conference when I'm back but as of 3 minutes ago, I'm not here. I've scheduled the week off for some important matters."
"See ya." I wave at MJ as the elevator doors close before walking over and collapsing on the couch. Tony sits next to my head and runs his fingers through my hair.
"Miss Tyler, you appear to be in distress. Shall I call the boss?" Jarvis' voice breaks through the silence of the room, scaring me, forcing more tears to roll down my face. I shake my head no but he doesn't listen. A few moments later I hear footsteps coming towards my room. The wooden door cracks open silently. I pay no attention until I feel hands running through my hair. Leaning into the touch, the pounding in my head eases slightly. Another lot of footsteps. Somebody stands by my head and kneels down. I tense and my breathing stops. Tony. It's just Tony. I relax as he holds up a box of paracetamol and a glass of water. With the help of Steve, I get into a sitting position and take the glass into my shaking hands, swallowing the pills no bother and resting my sweaty forehead against his muscled chest. The pain relief seems to work almost instantly. I sigh as the pain just melts away. Tony glances at me.
"Hey guys. Room for one more?" I ask, accepting the hug that Natasha offers. I sit down next to her and she wraps her arm around me, holding me close.
"Seriously dude. What gives?" I ask. All three of them just laugh and I mumble under my breath, cursing them.
"Kids, we just want to make sure you're safe. Especially now you're our responsibility okay? So I've made a couple of adjustments to your suits to make them even safer so how about, after dinner, we try out those bad boys?" He finishes with a massive smile which seems to be infectious as I start smiling as well. Steve speaks up from the doorway.
"So you don't like it but you can't say anything negative so you're just making up some bullshit excuse to make it sound wonderful?"
"I'll see you soon, прекрасный." I hug her back and she walks out of the door, closing it behind her. I turn away from it to see Steve standing behind me, his arms crossed against his chest, a small smirk on his face.
"Tyler." Steve says gently. I flinch at the name. I know it's stupid, it's my name but, it doesn't half bring back some memories.
The three of us take our seats back at the table and, naturally, people had question. I told them my story like I told Nat a few days prior and Pete told his. We moved on to telling stories about when we were younger.
"They are my kids and you better stop bullying them. I know what you do to them every day Eugene and if that continues I will personally make sure you never get into a good college. Capuche?"
We were driving for a while, playing stupid car games like I spy and the car game, the radio acting as background noise. That was until a particular song came on.
"Tears." My breathing was beginning to regulate and my heart slowed down. I collapse into Clint's open arms.
"Alright drama queen, how- Oh hey Steve." Whatever the billionaire was going to say was cut off when the super soldier entered the room, his blond hair still wet from the shower. He gives me a smile which I return and grabs a smoothie out of the fridge. He notices Tony's pout.
"Mr Stark and Master Parker are in the kitchen and are asking you to join them for breakfast." I contemplate their offer.
"Yes Ma'am. I have sent directions to your Stark phone. May I suggest that you reach out to Boss for some emotional support?"
"Tyler? Wake up. You're safe." My eyes peel open slowly and I hiss at the brightness in the room. The light dims and a flash of red fills my vision before I'm enveloped in a massive hug.
"You're starving yourself again aren't you?" He asks bluntly, tear welling up in his eyes. The same happens to me as I feel a few roll down my cheeks. I nod slightly and I hear Steve take a sharp breath in, pulling me closer to him so I'm basically in his lap. Tony comes round to our side and takes the seat I apparently no longer need and joins in on our little hug. Something occurs to me.
"Ready to get this show on the road?" Pepper's sister, Samantha, says making everyone whoop with excitement.
"This used to be one of my favourites when I was younger." I explain, opening the book and diving into the first chapter, smiling wider when the timid figure curls into my side, just as engrossed in the book as I am. I finish the lengthy chapter and stare down at the girl.
"Oh hey Papa. Good work out?" My mouth falls open in shock. When? Steve chuckles at my reaction, stretching out his hand and ruffling Peter's curls.
"Maybe I should what penis? Wait I shouldn't even call you that considering you don't have one." I stand up out of my seat only to have Wade and MJ hold me down.
"I'd love to." I take her hand in mine and pull her onto the dance floor, my arms instantly snaking around her waist whilst hers interlock around my neck. Peter and MJ broke up Just after we moved, he has eyes on.. other people. I'm happy to say that him and Wade are in a committed relationship. I knew that they had eyes on each other since the day I first brought him home. The same thing goes with me and MJ, we both like each other (That's what Pete says anyway) we just don't want to ask. 'This is your moment Tyler. Ask her.'
"That looks great, just waiting on Nat to get back. Why don't you go and get ready?" I ask seeing as she not dressed for the party herself. She smiles at me.
"Where are you two going?" A voice from behind us asks. I wince before turning around to face Conrad.
"For the last time, it's MJ." She says, her voice dangerously low. The teacher simply shrugs her off and continues listing off names. It was going smoothly until she got to mine.
"Hawk, 12 o'clock." Peter understands what I'm trying to tell him because we both slide to the left a little. Clint comes crashing out of the vents, his eyes searching the crowd of kids until they land on us.
"Don't thank us Ty, we're family remember, we'll always be there." Bucky reminds me, his hand on my shoulder.
"The session is now in order." The judge slams his hammer down in the wooden desk top and I wince at the loud noise. Papa's hand instantly goes to my back, rubbing it soothingly.
"Shut it Spidey." I push his arm off and flatten the shoulder of my suit. I look over the room, reception now in full swing. I was, obviously, wearing a slate grey suit along with my dad, Peter and Wade. MJ was wearing a red dress similar to the one she was wearing at my parents wedding, yeah we know it's not the traditional wedding dress but all the bridesmaids (Natasha, Wanda, MJ's assistant Jessica, Jamie, Liz Allen and Shuri) were wearing white dresses in all different cuts with small personalised to them. The groomsmen were just an excuse for my uncles to walk down the isle (Clint, Bruce, Bucky, Thor, Loki) along with our best friend from high school Ned. Morgan and Natasha and Clint's 2 daughters were flower girls and their son was the ring bearer. Peter stands and walks over to where the microphone is set up.
It won't be long until they get rid of you. The voice inside my head speaks volumes. The worst thing is, I know that it's wrong but I can't help overthinking it. I was too busy inside my head I didn't realise them making their way over to me until Pete's hand waves in front of my face, snapping me out of my dazed state.
"We won't darling don't worry. We'll see you in 7 days." She says before they leave, giving a final wave over their shoulders, closing the door behind them.
"Fine. But one; I still don't like him. Two; you're telling you dads. We've got an Avengers meal coming up soon, ask if you can invite him."
It's a 15 minute drive from the house to the chapel where the wedding was being held but it seems to go in no time because before I know it, I'm standing next to my big brother, ready to walk down the aisle as my mom's maid of honour. Peter is Dad's best man so that means we have to do a speech at the reception also which I'm not looking forward to. The usual fanfare begins and the doors open. First it's Clint and Nat, then Vision and Wanda followed by Sam and her husband Joe, Rhodey and Maria Hill and Finally me and Peter. The pair of us get down to the alter and stand beside Dad, watching mom walk down the aisle. She looks beautiful. I can see dad tearing up already. God this is going to be hard to watch. Once Mom gets down to the front, we kiss them both on the cheeks and take our seats on the front row. The vicar steps up and begins to do his whole 'we are gathered here today' speech which, in my opinion, they could cut out all-together.
The adults start doing some sort of comedy duo that I could've sworn they'd done before, taking one line and then another. I have to say, it was quite entertaining to watch.
"No we said you had to eat more, not that you're excused if you do." I grumble under my breath but sit down anyway. Once the others had finished, I retreat to my room, grabbing my new state of the art Stark phone, shoving it in my back pocket. I walk towards the elevator, pressing the up button.
"Thank you!" She squeals quickly diving into the toy box. I turn to look at Blake who was standing awkwardly at the door. MJ places a hand on my shoulder.
"Anyone want coffee?" I ask as I fill my cup. I get a round of 'mhmh's so I make everyone a cup anyway. By the time we'd finished breakfast it was 7 am. School started at 8:45 which was quite late compared to other schools in the area but we didn't get let out until 3:35 so I suppose it makes up all the same. Wade grabs his backpack and picks my up, spinning me, connecting our lips.
We finish up and everyone starts cheering. We hop off the stage and re-join our friends at their table. After the alcohol starts flowing there are many more people doing karaoke. Clint does a very good version of American Pie, Nat and Wanda sing these boots are made for walking, Dad and Papa sing why did it have to be me. But Bucky and Sam win by far, They decided to sing Baby it's cold outside, actions and everything. Very good blackmail.
"Hey kid, do you know where your sister's room is?" She nods enthusiastically, grabbing mine and MJ's hands in each of her own, pulling us up the stairs stopping in front of a door that brings back so many memories.
"Well, that's going to be tough to beat, thank for that bro." the crowd laughs at my small, awkward joke.
"Fine. Come on rug rats." We both let out a childish cheer as we follow our new guardian to the room we were shown the day before.
"Hey beautiful, what's going on?" MJ walks over to the pair of us and sits on her knees next to Lexie. "Who's this cutie?"
"Hey there." I make my voice as soft as I possibly can, just like I did with Lexie. She continues to stare at me so I keep talking.
"Well if it isn't my beautiful family." Pepper Potts walks into the spacious area, dragging her case behind her.
By 9 o'clock all three of us were cuddled up on the sofa, Nat leaning on Clint and me just laying across their laps, watching Bolt. Natasha's hand was playing with my loose curls and Clint's hand was stuck in a bag of popcorn. I was absolutely drained. I'm so glad I had that nap. Clint taught me how to shoot an arrow and that turned into a nerf gun war. Don't ask how it just did. Then it turned into a teenage girl's slumber party. We put a blindfold on Clint and did his makeup, he looked fabulous. Nat let me paint her nails, and then she did mine. All before crashing for a pizza Disney marathon. When Bolt finished the Hawk stood up to put the next movie in. he lifted my feet back up and sat down, dropping them into his lap. The title sequence rolled for Tangled. Clint ran off and came back with a blonde wig on his head and a purple dress hanging off his body. He starts running and dancing to the music in the movie. Me and Nat decide to get involved. Nat playing Flynn and me Pasqual. That was until the song 'I have a dream.' Clint pulls off the wig and places the dress on my shoulders, grabbing a costume hook and singing the first part, the accent and all.
"Yes Miss Quinzel, maybe you should listen to your boy toy over there." I clench my fists again, trying to calm myself down. Luckily, Arron steps in.
"You can get some if you want." I look at her confused. 'Why isn't she mad about this?' As if she senses my worry, she crouches to my level, her hands on my shoulders.
"Just go change Pete." Steve waves him off and I smile at him as he walks past. He doesn't smile back. 'that's weird.'
"Food will be served shortly and I just want to thank you all for coming, it really means a lot to us, it's a free bar so drink whatever you want, the dance floor is open and the DJ is up to take requests. Please just enjoy yourselves." True to his word, the food came out less than half an hour later. I quickly dig into my chicken nuggets. All the adults were eating fish and shit like that so me and Pete ordered from the kids meal. Nuggets and fries. What wrong with that? Soon enough the speech chants were going wild so Peter made his way onto the stage. Grabbing a microphone from the DJ.
"Dinner everyone!" Papa yells out from the kitchen where he's mainly been all day. We all make our way to the massive table and take a seat. I end up being sandwiched between Wade and Natasha, Pete and MJ opposite us, Dad and Papa sitting at each head of the table, Wanda and vision next to Wade, Clint and Bruce next to Nat. Thor and Loki sat either side of the love birds with Bucky and Sam either side of them.
"Oh so my behaviour won't be tolerated but it's okay for that little piece of shit to be a transphobic asshole to me and my brother? That's okay is it?"
Happy manages to get us to school with around 20 minutes to spare which is a record considering we were late leaving. We both say our thank you's to the driver before heading into the dreary, grey building. Instantly finding our friends waiting by our locker's.
"I missed you too Loki." I turned around to see Natasha, Clint, Bruce, Peter, Thor and Steve sitting on the couches, mouths open in shock. And all of a sudden I was bombarded with questions about my hair. I slowly back away from the raised voices and feel my back come in contact with something, someone to be exact.
"What's your name honey?" She stares at me for a while, having an internal conversation with herself.
"Why don't you like eating Tyler?" He asks straight out. My breath catches in my throat as I think of a way to lie myself out of this one.
"I was born on a Friday in November. It was just me and my mum. You probably know her. My mum was no other than Harleen Quinzel, better known as Harley Quinn." I see them about to say something so I raise my hand to silence them and to my surprise, it works. I take a deep breath and continue. "She didn't care about me. She would leave me alone for weeks at a time to go and find this Mr J that she was so madly in love with. When I was three, she left one day. She kissed my forehead and told me she loved me. She didn't come back. My next-door neighbour came round one day to borrow some coffee and called the police. I was sent into care. They found a home for me. It was with a lady and a man. It was fine for about a week until the lady started taking these pills and the man started drinking this funny smelling stuff. When they did these things they'd get angry. And God help me if they were angry. Without going into too much detail about that, I was soon found a new foster home, with Peter's aunt and uncle. Me and Pete here clicked instantly and he was my big brother and well, you know what happened then." My voice fades out, tears leaking from my eyes at the memories. At all the things I didn't want to remember. I feel myself being pulled in for a hug by a strong pair of arms. Then another. Then another. I rested my head on the person's chest. I felt safe. It felt nice.
"What's his problem?" I ask the blond who was brushing his hair. He turns to me, glancing me up and down.
"You draw?" He asks, pointing to my countless sketch pads and pencils laying behind me. I nod shyly, hiding my face behind my hair. "May I see?" I nod my head and pass him the top book. He flicks through it, looking impressed.
"Wake up kiddo's." I'm woken by my slumber by Dad pulling open the curtains. All four of us groan in unison at the bright light.
"Keep your daughter. And why are you fighting so hard huh?" Steve looks a little put out but answers anyway.
"So, what are your names?" He questions, his voice surprisingly calm considering the size of him. He looks just like, no wait. I glance down at my shirt then at the blond that asked the question. I repeated the action.
"Still fancy, now go get dressed. Underoo's wear one of your suits and Tyler, no skinny jeans for the love of god." I smirk at my father's obvious pleading and stand up from my seat, putting my plate in the dishwasher and skipping off to my room with a playful kiss to the men sat at the table.
"And you're a dork." The song soon comes to an end and everyone who wasn't on the dancefloor starts clapping. Dad makes his way over to me and MJ.
"Certainly Miss." I set my phone on my bed side table before jumping into bed next to my boyfriend, resting my head on his chest as he turns on the TV.
"Children, this is Mrs and Mrs Stark-Jones, they're looking to adopt, you all know the drill, downstairs only."
"I'm going to tell them. Tonight. At dinner. I'm scared." By the time I finish, Nat is sat beside me, rubbing my back comfortingly.
"I told Lauren to get out of the way. Did I stutter Melody?" That's it. I throw myself onto him, throwing jabs and uppercuts, elbows and forearms. I hear a satisfying crack which tells me that I broke his nose. I jump off him and wipe the blood that was running down my face from the one or two hits he got in. I turn to my brother who was rocking back and forth on the floor. The closer I got I was able to hear what he was mumbling under his breath.
"Right you 'orrible lot." He says in a pirate accent making me laugh at him. The three boys just stare at me, their mouths agape. I begin to get self-conscious.
"Yo Penis Parker! No Tits Tyler!" Flash. Me and Pete share a glance. I roll my eyes at the bullies behaviour. He slams his hands down on the table.
"Shit." I mutter under my breathe. "Umm Nat?" I yell, hoping my voice will carry through the house. When I hear nothing in return I groan. "Jarvis?"
"Clint no. I can't. Please don't make me." He stops walking and crouches down so he's at my eye level.
"Don't make promises you can't keep Pete." I shoot back at him, hugging myself, curling inwards slightly, moving away from him. I was soon ushered inside by my father's and sat in a chair, leaning my head on Loki's shoulder as his fingers tangled in my now short curls. A woman in an all-black pantsuit holding a clipboard comes into the waiting room, her heels clicking behind me.
'Shit.' I think to myself. 'I called him Papa? To his face? Oh god. Oh god. Oh god.' Me and Pete had a long ass conversation about what we would call them if it got that far and we
"Loki." I run into his arms as he stands to greet me. He holds me tightly and kisses my forehead as I let go.
"Hey mom. Can we know where we're going yet?" I know what your thinking. Pepper's mom now? After the divorce was through, dad was in a pretty rough spot, Pepper brought him out of it. They've been dating since the whole Germany fiasco and she's become 'Mom'. Dad doesn't mind, he's happy that we've accepted her into our family.
"I'm proud of you kid. Just next time don't even let him get a punch in." He gestures to my slightly bruised cheek.
"Have Tony or Steve told you about what happened before I was in the orphanage?" They both shake their heads. 'This is going to be fun.'
"Tyler!" My mom shouts but it's too late. I'm back in that apartment, dust clouding my vision. There's a distant sound of keys jingling in the lock so I take cover behind a desk, trying to make my breathing as slow and quiet as possible. The door bursts open and two pairs of footsteps fill my ears, both coming in my direction. They stop. I hold my breath, thinking the worst. Shuffling. Metal on metal. I grab the knife from out of my shoe and clutch it close to my chest. An arm grabs me from behind. I twist out of it's grasp and kick the legs from under them. They lie on the floor, face down. I jump on them so I'm straddling their back, my arms wrapped around them in a tight head lock. I quickly pick up the second pair of footsteps storming towards me. A punch lands on the back of my head sending me flying forwards. I kick up off the ground and get in a fighting stance, weighing out my options of defeating both of the unknown figures. My hair covers my face so I can't see clearly. The taller one runs at me. I slide between his legs only to be grabbed by his partner. The brunette one stands in front of me, glaring down.
"You guys are the worst." I tell them with a laugh. "I love you guys." There was a chorus of 'love you too's. I stand abruptly, making everyone jump.
"Why so scared прекрасный?" She asks, her native language coming out. I straighten up and stand my ground.
"I know darling. I know. I'm sorry if I made you think I think of you like that. I wasn't insinuating that at all. I was just a little confused." I nod my head at his words and pull back kissing his cheek.
"If you're going to hit someone then it's going to be me." Flash doesn't think twice as he goes in for a swing which I dodge, sending him tumbling forwards into an abandoned table. I smirk down at him.
"Let's go get some food before Peter devours it all." I leave the room, eager to find some form of comfort, whether it be my brother or hell I'd even take one of Bruce's hugs right now. I sit in my seat at the table, between Clint and Loki. The latter was not here today, something about Thor being an idiot and needing his help on Asgard
By the time 9 o'clock rolled around, the party was in full swing. The floor was packed with people, some I knew, most I didn't. Me, Pete, MJ and Ned sat around a table in the far corner, away from the drunk adults, playing Never Have I Ever. I take a swig of my beer as MJ smirks at me, we're head to head.
"To the happy couple." Everyone choruses and the 6 leave to go and sit down. Morgan runs up to dad and whispers something in his ear.
"None of that please Tyler. You're 14 not 4." He says with a serious tone. I look down feeling. Why the hell do I feel guilty? I shake it off as he lays a board on the table. I study it carefully and see that the top says rules. Tony notices as well and chokes on his coffee, turning to look at his husband.
"My makeup. Will you come and help me please?" She doesn't look convinced but follows me to my room nonetheless. When we get there she stands with her back to the closed door, arms folded.
"You're not going anywhere Tyler." I spin on my heel to face my fathers, my arms crossed against my chest, eyebrow raised. Steve sighs and continues. "We said that we needed to talk so that is what we are going to do." Tony nods along.
"Now come on. We've got to be in court in around 2 hours and it's an hour drive. You know your Papa likes to be early." We link arms and head towards the common floor where everyone is waiting for us. We step out of the elevator and my eyes fall upon the black haired God who I've not seen in weeks.
"Are you seriously studying?" Dad asks, sitting in the deck chair beside me, his trade mark shades resting on his face.
"Open up." I open my eyes to see a box with a pin inside, it's a circle which is split into three section with an arrow that spins in the middle. It says 'her, him, they' on it. So I can tell them my gender. I look over at Peter to see he has a badge that says 'It's a boy.' With a transgender flag over his shoulders. I pull mine off and gasp, my hand going over my mouth. It's a gender fluid flag. I throw myself onto him, sobbing happily into his chest. Pete joins, soon to be followed by Dad.
"There better be coffee on that table when I get back." I demand from half way up the stairs. I knock twice on the second guest rooms door.
"Coming Papa!" I yell back, ripping my bed to pieces in search of my phone, finding it inside of one of my pillow cases. I grab it and run out of my room, skidding into the kitchen with skill and jumping onto the counter, accepting the cup of coffee that was being offered to me by dad.
"Leave that to the professionals to decide kid. Look," He begins moving to sit next to me, his arm going around my shoulder. "I know you hated the idea from the get go but look at how much they've helped over the years. You're doing so much better and if you just stop and go cold turkey, you're going to make yourself sick." I don't take my eyes off my shoes, too ashamed and embarrassed to look up.
"Nope!" is my answer but I'm unbuckling my seat belt anyway. I get out of the car a lot slower than I got in. Lily-Anne comes around to my ide and puts a comforting hand on my shoulder as she leads me towards the door. She raises her knuckles and raps them against the wood twice. 'Here goes nothing.'
When my mental party had finished, I settled on a pair of ripped skinny jeans, a Pink Floyd t shirt and a sexy leather jacket I found in the corner. It was big, like really big, and it smelt of oil and smoke. It smelt like my old house. I wrap it tighter around me as I pull on my beat-up converse, walking back into the centre of the room, my hair dripping down my back. I flip my head forward and begin rubbing at my hair with the towel, trying to get rid of any excess water before gathering it into two bunches and making fishtail plaits. 'cute but badass.'
"It's easy. Basic chemistry. That's the sort of stuff we learnt in seventh grade." Mom stalks over to us, ripping the device from dad's hand.
"Antony Edward Stark, do you take Pepper Potts to be your lawfully wedded wife, to have and to hold, to protect and love through sickness and in health till death do you part?"
"Don't apologise. It wasn't your fault. Now come," She stands, Straightening out her pyjamas. "Clint makes some great waffles." We walk hand in hand to the kitchen where the male assassin is stood over a waffle iron, moving his hips to the random pop song that is playing through the radio. He begins to sing along, using the spatula as a microphone.
"Would you like me to read it to you?" She nods again. I pick the book up, studying it's cover, Charlie and the Chocolate factory.
"Bye Pete." I slowly move towards the adults. Steve notices me first, wrapping his arm around my shoulders and kissing my head, giving me the whole be good speech. Tony follows suit, hugging me and telling me to give Clint hell when I get there. I promise both of them that I shall do just that. And grip my tiger tightly, stepping into the elevator with Natasha.
"Goodnight, Tyler. I really do hope you're happy here." He leaves, leaving a small crack in the door so there's some light getting in, probably so I can find them if I need them. I hug the sheets around my body and my hand rests on something soft. I pull it up so I can examine it. It's a toy tiger. I laugh under my breath and hold it close to my chest. It's soft fur tickling my nose as I cuddled it, holding it tightly until I fall asleep. And I must say, the best nightsnight's sleep I've had in a while.
"That's your big sister. The one I was telling you about." As soon as those words left her mouth, I was bombarded with question from the pair of them. They were soon cut off my Brooklyn screaming.
"Bye." I mutter as I walk down the all familiar hallway, stopping at the door I spend every Saturday morning in. Not even bothering to knock, I throw the wooden door open.
Within the next hour, the four of us were sat in the back of a black limo as Happy drove us to this fancy Italian restraint. And it really was fancy. The chandeliers were made of glass, chairs covered in a velvety red fabric and a blood red carpet the whole way through. The waiter lead us to a table in a closed off area at the back. They must come here often as the server referred to it as the Stark table. But seriously, this place was making me feel under dressed and under privileged.
"Kids, what we are about to show you goes no further and you are, hopefully, going to love it." Tony puts a code into this keypad thing as Steve gives us a reassuring smile. "And behold." The door opens and he gestures us inside. Me and my brother look at each other with panicked expressions. They know. They must know. The reason we know this was because the room in question split off into two parts; one side decorated in spiderwebs and the other in dark shadows. We turn to our new guardians, Peter looking sheepish and me, well I was fucking terrified. Tony notices.
"Which Movie do you want to watch Tyler?" The 5 year old asks, holding up Frozen and Toy story. I could see the pleading in her eyes so I picked Frozen despite my major distaste for the movie.
"Do you want to go back to her?" I lift my head off of her shoulder and shake my head before hesitating and nodding.
"SPIDEYBOY!!!!!!!" I scream as I land on him, hugging his neck. He playfully puts his hands over his ears.
"Well that's no way to talk to your big sister is it." Morgan gasps loudly and pulls off the Iron man helmet, her doe eyes shining up at me.
"Yes please." Lexie replies sheepishly. My grin grows in size and I hold my arms out for a hug which is gratefully accepted by the toddler and my wife.
"Naughty girl." I slip the athletic wear on and find my hoodie, yanking it on over my head, ruffling my hair. My girlfriend is already dressed and by the door when I'm done. I run passed her and grab her hand, pulling her down the stairs.
The rest of the night went without hitch, people danced, Morgan, Nat's 3 kids, Lila, Cooper and Talia, Bucky and Sam's son, Riley and Wanda's son, Pietro ran around the floor like mad men, eventually being joined by Bruce's cautious little girl Brynn. I don't blame her, if dad tried to make me play with them I'd be pretty scared too. I sit at the bar enjoying the view, my dad's chasing them now, I wonder if he'll do that with my kids. I feel someone sit next to me but I don't really acknowledge it.
"TYLER!!!!!!" His howling voice cuts through my thoughts. No. I keep pushing on, going as fast as my five-year-old legs allow of me. It wasn't long before he caught up to me, grabbing my arm and throwing me roughly over his shoulder. I kick and scream trying to break from his hold but he's too strong. He throws me to the ground and brings his fist to my cheek. I don't feel it at first then the sharp, burning sensation takes over. I scream as he brings his hands down again and again and again. Reigning slap after punch and punch after slap until I can see properly. He pulls out a knife and lifts up the side of my shirt, pressing the blade into my skin, watching sadistically as blood poured out. I yell. I yell and scream until my throat becomes hoarse and my shouts turn into small whimpers. The man stands up and laughs at my state, spitting on me before walking away. I feel my head get heavy from blood loss and I'm soon unconscious.
"Steve!" I hear Dad say and then a door slam. I can't take it anymore. I hold my head in my hands and start to sob. Wade pulls me onto his lap and starts rocking me. I look at Pete who is sat there emotionless. Tony is staring at the door Steve left out of. And nobody else dare say anything. Dad coughs gaining our attention.
"I think I'm gender fluid." I mumble, silently praying she didn't hear me but, unfortunately for me, she did. All she does it tighten her hold on me.
"We love you kid. We really want you to be happy, we've wanted that for the past 8 years and it seems you've finally achieved it." Tony raises his glass and the others mimic his action.
"Sorry guys, my social worker is waiting for me." They look at me sadly but I just flash them a smile, just like my dad does. I hug each of them in turn.
"Now, small people." Tony begins. "How about we go sign these papers and get the hell out of here?" Me and Pete cheer a little but Steve just shakes his head and directs a 'Language' at his husband. Once again, we guide the superheroes through the maze that is the orphanage and end up outside Conrad's office. Tony raises his fist and knocks steadily on the door and it soon opens.
"It's okay прекрасный. Nothing bad is going to happen. I promise." Her words ease my nerves slightly but not nearly enough as we approach the court house. We clamber out of the vehicle in a not so orderly fashion. Once stood outside, I cling onto my brothers arm.
"Whipped." Out into the church. He turns around and throws a fake glare at me as everyone else starts laughing.
"The table's set for 8, you're more than welcome to join us for lunch if you leave business talk out here." I'm offering the hand, they just need to take it. Steve goes to say something but Natasha cuts him off.
The moon peers in through the gap in my curtains, creating a sinister glow to cast upon my face. My eyes open slowly but I quickly shut them as the pain in my chest increases. Small whimpers escape my mouth as I curl up on my side, holding my tiger close to me.
"Sure." I answer, already walking off in that direction. I approach the small makeshift fort sat by the lake, smiling widely, squatting on one of the small children's chairs dotted around.
"That's true, come on kids, let's call it a night." We quickly make our rounds, saying goodnight to everyone before heading up to the penthouse in the elevator.
"Hey Ty. Look at me. Look at me. You're fine okay? You're okay. It's just me. It's okay." He speaks in a calming tone as I grip his forearms, trying to slow down my breathing. I nod slightly and he draws me into his arms, holding me tightly, rubbing rhythmic circles on my back, calming me instantly. I remember where we are and, oh shit. I just almost had a panic attack in front of my heroes. Oh god. I bury my head into my brothers chest, refusing to lift it up to look at the other men. I feel Pete shift and a hand is placed lightly on my back.
"Okay so you're in one of those moods, I'm just going to say this then call in your family." He pauses for dramatic effect but all it does is make me more anxious.
"Who's child is this?" Landing flat on my stomach with a thud and I groan as I roll over to lie on my back. Everyone starts yelling at Thor as Steve and Natasha come over to see if I'm okay.
"Of course Miss Tyler. I must inform you that due to the Baby Monitor protocol, I am programmed to record everything in your room from this point on until Wade leaves." I smile at the ceiling.
"She wrote me a letter, telling me that she'd changed and that she wanted me back. All I thought about when I was younger was having a family. And I just. I don't know what to do." I sit back down after my little rant and place my head in my hands.
"Tiger, you know what we're going to say, so please, just tell us." My gaze shifts to the floor, finding my socks very interesting until Tony lifts my chin up to make me look at him.
"What did you say to me that day in the waiting room? You said that I was important to you and that you promise you'll always be there. And guess what? I needed you. As in past tense. And you weren't there. That's another promise down the drain. I needed you that day when I was walking home after anyone forgot to pick me up. I needed you when that guy dragged me into that alley. I fucking needed you but you weren't there. I finally come home and nobody noticed that I'd been gone for 3 hours longer than I should've been. I could have been fucking killed because you weren't there. Where were you?" I couldn't stop the tears streaming down my face as I thought about that day. Nat gathers me in her arms as I just keep repeating the same question.
"Hey Tyler. Good to see you being as cautious as ever." I flash her my million dollar smile as she calls it.
"This time two years ago, I didn't know which direction I was going in. Most of the family I'd ever had was gone and the one person I had left, I was scared to take my eyes off her for one minute in case I found her on that bathroom floor, surrounded by drugs and her own blood. When Captain America and Tony Stark walked in and told us they wanted to adopt us, I genuinely thought it was fake, that I was on some sort of joke TV show or something. But I don't regret saying yes. You've been the best dad's I could have ever asked for and I love you guys." Peter passes the mic over to me as he gets hugged by dad and Papa. I step forward and glance out into the crowd, my eyes meeting Natasha's almost instantly. The redhead gives me an encouraging smile and I raise the mic to my lips.
"Don't thank me okay? We want to help Blake, we want to help you and Lexie. So would you like to come home with us?" She nods frantically into my shoulder.
"Thanks Hermione." Before she can reply mom steps into the room. Her white gown was actual beauty. It had a sweetheart neckline with gems on the seam, it was fitted and had a long, flawless train at the back.
"That's something you should ask them yourself Little Bird. Is that all that's on your mind?" I shake my head.
"Come on, let's get inside, you can get settled in to your rooms then, if you're up to it, you can meet the family." Me and MJ lead both of them through the halls of the house, MJ giving a full blown tour the whole way around. We land outside of the two rooms we'd set up since we were approved just in case. I place Lexie on her feet and give her an encouraging nudge to open the door. The walls are painted a light purple colour with glow in the dark stars on the ceiling. There's a child size table with all sorts of crafty bits in the plastic draws next to them, a bunkbed sits in the far corner, one with princess bedding, the other with superhero bedding. In the other corner is a massive toy box, filled to the brim thanks to Tony's credit card. Lexie runs around the room with wide eyes, launching herself at me and my wife.
"Thanks Happy." I say as I hop out of the vehicle. 'urgh. I can't be bothered with the elevator. Or the stairs. Wait. You can fucking teleport you twat.' I think to myself. How did I forget that. I teleport myself to the penthouse, right in the centre of the kitchen. Where Steve happened to be. On a totally unrelated note, he screams like a little girl.
"No, that's where your grandparents, aunts and uncles live, we live here." I pull the ca up in front of the house and cut the engine, hopping out and going straight round to get Lexie out of her car seat. Setting her on my hip once I get her out of the contraption, smiling as she unconsciously curls into my side, resting her tiny head on my shoulder.
"What about you Tyler?" Tony inquires. I grimace and Peter takes my hand in his, gripping it tightly.
Moan. Grunt. Moan. Groan. 'Urgh. Really guys?' I get pulled out of my not so peaceful slumber by noises that aren't mine. 'But wait, their room is all the way down the hall, it can't be them.' I jump out of bed and open my door, standing in the hall, listening for the noise again. Groan. "No. No. No. Please. No. Stop." I cautiously open the door to the guest room, careful not to make it creak. Bucky. It's just Bucky. But he isn't awake.
"I'm doing better Stevie." His voice was deep but comforting almost. Dad also stood to greet the man, grasping his hand in a tight shake as they glared at each other.
"Yeah I did all things considered." I reply as I take a sip of my hot beverage. I hop on one of the stools and rest my head on Pete's arm. He kisses my forehead.
"Tyler! Honey. Wake up. It's just a dream. Come on baby. You're okay. Everything's okay." My eyes shoot open. I feel like I'm not in control of my own body. Pushing past Natasha, I rush to the bathroom, emptying the contents of my stomach into the toilet. Tears streaming down my face and sobs ripping from my chest as I begin to dry heave into the ceramic bowl.
"Karaoke is open for business!!!!" The DJ exclaims. Everyone cheers. I glance at one of my best friends.
"I'm sure he'd be proud of who you've become. He'd be proud of both of you." I nod, my head dropping. I might as well play now I've got her out. After managing to balance her on my lap, I reach up to my ear and pull out my ear ring. It was a piece of sharp wire wrapped around a small hole in a plectrum and bent to fit as an ear ring.
As the song comes to a finish, we peel off of the highway, driving down the all too familiar lanes. My eyes are trained out of the window, following the trees as they dart passed.
"Do you want to go somewhere? I'd like to get to know you." I nod and lead him into my room, knowing that if something happened I'd only have to yell and Pete would be here. I push open my door and invite him inside. He looks around and takes a seat on my bed, looking at me. I sit down on my desk chair opposite him and turn to face him, smiling lightly as I do so. He continues to look around my room and his eyes stop on my desk behind him.
"Take a seat, I'll get you your drink." I pull out the chair next to the child and sit down, fishing through my bag for the presents I brought. All I knew is that she had 3 girls. I didn't know the ages. I pull a fluffy bear out of the bag and hold it out in front of my new little sister. We played until mom came back with a coffee, a bottle and a glass of water. She hands me the glass and sits down opposite me.
"Okay then. See ya kids. Do as your teacher says and have fun!" He escapes through the vents before I can kick him. Flash is the first one to break from the shock.
"What is it Tony?" Mom asks walking out of the kitchen, wiping her hands on her apron. She stops in her tracks.
"Never have I ever smoked weed." Me and Peter take a swig, sharing a nervous, cringy look. I cough before saying anything, the alcohol starting to take effect slightly.
Once I'm alone in my bedroom, I allow my calm demeanour to fade away, taking my bottom lip between my teeth and nibbling at the dried skin nervously. 'What if they send me back to her? I love it here. I love my new family. Urgh God.' I push the thoughts out of my head and jump into the shower, letting the water wash away my worries. I wrap myself up in a towel and trudge through to my room, quickly turning on the heater before entering the maze which is my wardrobe. I begin muttering under my breath.
"Shut up Wade." I shoot a fake glare at my boyfriend as I grab the gift bag he's holding out to me. I pull on the string and inside is a framed picture of the two of us on our 1 year anniversary. We went to the carnival in town, we got this random couple to take on of us kissing on the Ferris wheel. It was really romantic okay? I grab the back of Wade's neck and pull his lips to mine.
"Do you like this arrangement?" I ask suddenly. I can see she's pretty taken aback by my question. I never ask her opinion. Like never. She sighs, moving skilfully around a round a bout.
"Sorry, can I steal your date for a moment?" He asks the tall brunette. I kiss her cheek as we pull away from each other.
Who knows how long we stayed in that position for. But we soon broke it. Steve wrapped his arm around my shoulders cautiously (which I was grateful for) and Tony grabbed Peter's hand in his.
"I'll call all of the children down then." Within the next few minutes the banging of feet could be heard descending the stairs. And one by one children filed out and created a line pretty similar to the one we used to have to make. I keep a smile on my face and my hand in my wife's.
"Wanda told us." I freeze. 'They know? Oh god they know. What are they going to think?' I begin to shake violently in the archer's arm. He shifts me into a more comfortable position and sits on the bed.
"Come on Cap." Everyone starts cheering. He's able to move it slightly and the alarm on Thor's face is comical. Soon enough he steps back, holding up his hands in surrender. Bruce turns to me and Nat.
"Children!" Conrad yells up the stairs, a sickly sweet undertone to her voice. "It's time sweethearts, everyone in positions." It sounded like a herd of elephants rushing down the stairs, the kids chatter between themselves excitedly, rushing to get to the place they were told to stand. I sigh deeply, checking myself once again in the mirror. I hate days like this. It's like you're shopping for a child. It's stupid. Of course, I'm not afraid to voice my disdain to anyone that will listen, but most of the time, it resulted in me getting punished. And I hate punishment. I was so busy checking my appearance, I was unaware that someone was in the room until a hand was placed gently on my shoulder. I tense slightly and swivel my head to see that it was only my brother. He looked at me, concern evident in his eyes but I just smiled and lead him out the room.
"Tyler? What do you say kiddo?" Tony asks gently, holding my hand in his. And I don't know why but this time I didn't flinch away. I felt safe. Like I knew he wasn't going to hurt me. I look him dead in the eyes and smile.
"Please be my guest." Thor gestures to the hammer. Clint places down the drum sticks he was playing with and stands up.
He turns around to see me and Nat staring at him with amused expressions. He freezes before turning around and continuing as if we weren't there. I shake my head at the man child as I pull out a chair at the table, Nat soon joining me.
"As you probably know, I'm the maid of honour. My mom and dad got together 2 years ago and I've never seen him smile this much. She makes him so happy and that makes me happy. I hope that you have a great marriage and I hope that dad doesn't send my mom grey before me and Pete do. I wish you guys the best of luck with your relationship." I raise my glass of coke. "To they happy couple." People follow suit and I make my way back to my seat.
"You gave us a scare then darling." Natasha whispers into my ear, kissing my temple as she pulls away. Clint is stood behind her, leaning on the door frame. As soon as I see him, I reach out, making grabby hands at the archer like a 3-year-old. He chuckles as he walks over, lifting me into his chest and I push my head into the crook of his neck, sighing contently as he begins to move side to side.
"And these are for you." Inside is a box, wrapped neatly in black paper with multicoloured constellations on it. I open it carefully to find a necklace. It had a silver chain with a heart shaped locket on the end with a purple stone in the centre. I look up at Bucky, my mouth wide open. He chuckles at my reaction.
"I think it would be best if you stepped outside for now." Natasha spoke over the noise of my sobs but Steve was having none of it.
"Yeah, we're back kiddo. Why don't we go home? You can tell us all about your adventures there huh?" Dad asks, brushing my hair off my sweaty forehead.
"As you wish." Hot water pours out of the shower head, making my tense shoulders relax almost instantly. Okay. You guys know how showers work, I'll spare you the details. Once the shower had finished I wrapped my body in a fluffy white towel that was waiting just outside the door. 'when the hell did that get there?' Pushing the thought out of my head, I walk out of the ensuite and into my room, shivering as the cold air comes in contact with my arms. I stride over to my wardrobe and peek inside wondering what the hell there is to wear. The song Highway to Hell comes into my head. I fucking love that song. Humming the words whilst flicking through the array of shirts. Humming quickly becomes singing as I get to the chorus.
"What the hell?" I scream, turning around, brushing the hair out of my face. My demeanour drops once I see the person standing in front of me. I'd recognise him anywhere. Even though his hair has grown out and he has a beard. His eyes are still the same.
"Who's 'they' tiger?" A thousand memories hit me at once. The pain. The torture. The screams. I need to say something.
"We got our team on it while we were getting you. They've been working since we first met you. Go take a look." He finishes lightly pushing me and my brother towards our respective doors. Our eyes lock and we push the doors open in sync. I gasp at what I see. The wall opposite the door was a full-length window with a very stylish bench/seat type thing in front of it. I step into the room and study the walls. They were painted a light grey colour with music notes and vintage records lining them. A twin sized bed stood against the left-hand wall with two matching bedside tables already equipped with a lamp and alarm clock, along with three boxes that seemed to be gift wrapped. There were two book shelves filled with all the books I'd told Steve about and more. On the right-hand wall, there was a flat screen tv with a games console underneath on a shelf, there was also a VR that I probably won't use but. It was awesome. There was a desk and a spinney desk chair with art books and new shading pencils, water colours, basically anything I could've asked for. Upon further inspection, I noticed a brand new Stark laptop sitting in the centre, Tyler written in sparkly letters. I bring my hand over my mouth as the tears well up in my eyes. I pivot my body to see the two men who have changed my life standing in the doorway, wrapped in each-other's arms.
"Hey there." I catch the small child's attention and she looks up at me with bright blue eyes, her frizzy brown hair falling in her face slightly.
"You say you want her safe and happy. Well how many times have any of you actually spoken to her since me and Nat left for a mission?" Nobody says anything. "How many have you noticed the growing collection of scars on her arms? The dark circles under her eyes that get worse every time I see her? The way her clothes are beginning to hang off of her body? Have any of you actually asked her if she's okay? Do you even care?" His rant was cut off by Tony.
We stay silent for the rest of the walk, nudging each other playfully with our elbows on the odd occasion. It didn't take us long to reach the penthouse level. The elevator doors ding open and I run out, jumping on my brother who managed to catch me just before I fell.
"No point making her even angrier Pete." I say simply, walking down the stairs and standing in my place. Right at the back next to Peter. Sometimes being the oldest wasn't all that much fun. With one final reminder to be good, Conrad pulls open the front doors and a line of adults had already formed. As each adult signed in, we were told to go about our daily activities but stay downstairs. 'This is going to be fun' I think to myself, watching as a group of people go straight for the younger ones. I feel a tugging on my arm and I look down. I see a small child. A mop of blond hair swooping across his face. I squat slightly so I'm at his level, my blue eyes staring into his, a kind smile on my face.
"And you've been an idiot." Dad counters. Papa along with Bucky, Clint, Wanda, Scott Lang and Sam refused to sign the accords which basically mean that they are fugitives and are running from the Government and Ross wants us, well Dad to turn them in. the divorce was finalised about 2 weeks ago and Dad got easy custody over me and Peter. I don't really mind. Papa hurt Dad. He deserves everything he gets. I'm not really sure what we're trying to achieve here but we stand with Vision, Nat, Rhodey and some king from Wakanda that like to shout "WAKANDA FOREVER!!!!" it gets quite annoying.
"Well, I've always been more on the tomboyish side. I think it was when I moved in with Peter's aunt and uncle. Me and Pete used to. No I can't tell you that. He'll Kill me. But that's when I really started pushing gender boundaries. I got my name changed to Tyler but if anyone asked I just said it brought back too many memories. They didn't really mind, they were just happy I was happy." I finish my speech smiling down at my meal, Steve was right. I hope they're proud of me.
About an hour passes and the DJ announces the first dance as a married couple. Mom and Dad go to the dance floor and begin to sway to the opening of 'Thinking out loud' by Ed Sheeran, Mom's choice. I feel someone tap on my shoulder and I turn my head to see MJ standing there, wearing a short red dress.
"Sir, yes, Sir." I say like I'm a soldier. Dad rolls his eyes as he walks out my door. I change into my outfit quickly. Pairing the silver tie with a belt and silver converse. I put in my ear spikes and ruffle my hair. Last but not least, adding the necklace Loki gave me.
"Miss Tyler, I've been told to inform you that dinner is ready." I look up from the book that I'm reading, glancing towards the door. I stand up from my seat at my desk, my tattered copy of The Strange Case Of Dr Jekyll And Mr Hyde clasped in my hand. Pete is sat in his usual seat at the table so I jump into the one next to him, saying a brief hello before going back to my book. My attention being snapped away when somebody coughs.
"Awesome." I smile at him once more before running off towards the bathroom. My stomach has been killing me today. Please don't tell me it's what I think it is. Of course it fucking is. The universe hates me.
As promised, at 6 am, my door was flung open so hard it bounced off the wall behind it, and I was physically pulled from my warm, safe bed via my long hair. A small cry escapes my lips as I was lifted to my feet. I turn my head as much as I can to come face-to-face with the woman that runs the orphanage. Conrad. In all fairness, she wasn't that bad looking. Long, chocolate brown hair and the same shade eyes, tall and slim in physique. But all that was hidden behind her ugly personality. The woman in question glared down at me, not releasing her grip.
"Well Mom is. Being Mom so just take a seat, there's wine open somewhere. Hair and makeup should be here in 20. Oh and the dresses are in my room." Mom hands the phone back to me whilst she goes to greet the professionals. It's still on call. I press it to my ear.
"Baby boy, got it. And umm there's an angry looking blonde glaring at me so I'm just gonna put you down now." Wade says as he laces me on the floor and a slightly pissed Natasha walks up to us.
"I also grant monthly visitation rights to Harleen Mitchell. She will legally be able to see Tyler for 15 hours each month. She may use her time as she pleases as long as it does not interfere with her Daily timetable such as school or extra curriculum activities. If you deny Mrs Mitchell these hours we will be meeting again very shortly. Tyler's social worker will be present during the meetings. Case closed." The judge stands up to leave as we're directed out of the room. The waiting room of filled with happy shouts and cheers as we all have a massive hug. I get passed from person to person like a rag doll before I'm placed on my feet in front of somebody. I look up to see my mother, a sad smile plastered on her face.
"No work on this trip. Either of you." He point between the pair of us, ignoring our pouts and drawing the taller woman in for a hug. He releases her and she makes her way over to me, her arms wrapping around my waist as mine go straight for her neck, our lips joining in a well needed kiss.
"Hell yeah I did. He was dead naming and misgendering Peter. I couldn't just let it happen." Steve wraps his arm around my shoulder.
"Pete literally no one is disagreeing with you, MJ, crank it up!!" The three of us are driving down the highway, Peter driving, MJ in the passenger side and I'm in the middle of the back seats. The radio is playing on some sort of a time machine channel and some childhood hits are playing. The next song starts to play causing me and Michelle to groan in displeasure.
"Kids, go do homework or whatever. Dinner will be ready in an hour." Steve ushers us out of the room and I notice dad following me to mine. I enter my room and hold the door open for him. He takes a seat on my bare bed and pats the spot next to him. I sit down, leaning forward, sitting on my hands.
"Tiger? Underoo's? Where are you kiddos?" His voice got louder, Pete looks down at me and sighs quickly apologising before lifting his head up.
"Sorry. Did I wake you up?" They seem to have a silent conversation before all of them leave apart from Bucky, Clint and Natasha. The three remaining come and sit either side of me.
"Liz Allen, level 1." Everyone went through the scanner, Jarvis repeating the same thing over and over until it came to us. MJ decided to go first.
"No I'm not." I argue back. The whole 'yes you are' 'no I'm not' argument goes on for a while between me and the adults.
We drive for around 45 minutes before pulling up outside of a deadly familiar building. Still dull and grey, no signs of life anywhere. MJ notices my discomfort straight away.
"I mean, she hurt me. A lot. But, she's my Mama. And she says she's changed, I want to give her a chance but I don't want Tony and Steve to think that they've not done enough. Argh. I just don't know." I finish by placing my head back down. Another knock on the door.
"It's perfect. Thank you." I hug him and he hugs me back. Steve soon realises that we're hugging without him and doesn't hesitate to join.
"Oh no! The wild Lila has got me. No!!" I scream as I pick up the small girl, throwing her in the air gently causing her to let out an adorable squeal.
"Hey kids,." Dad says once he pulls away. "Honey, come see who it is." He yells inside while giving MJ a small hug as well.
"Like it?" He asks cockily. I ignore him and look around. Steve clears his throat and the pair of us turn to look at him.
"Yes you can." Tony announces simply. "We would like the papers for these two." He gestures to me and Peter as he says that. Conrad stands there with her mouth open.
I didn't say much for the rest of the week. Barely leaving my room. And only doing so when I was commanded by Steve. I sent off the letter. None of them knew. Everyone's really stressed at the minute. My mom decided to take my dad's to court, Pete's been patrolling every night, Clint and Natasha are being sent on more missions every week, Wanda has locked herself in her room because everyone's emotions are too much for her, Bucky and Sam are trying to play peace keepers, Bruce had to leave to avoid stress, Thor was still in Asgard and Loki. Loki was the only one that seemed to remember my existence. He noticed I was never at dinner so he brought my meals up to me. I didn't eat them though. I haven't eaten in a while. A white envelope sits in front of me, my name written in that handwriting I know too well. I can't bring myself to open it. For opening it means betraying my dad's. A knock on the door breaks me out of my trance.
"No need. We want these two. Quickly please. We have places to be." He takes his sunglasses out of the pocket of his suit and puts them on. Without another word, she shuffles into her office and produces two stacks of paperwork. Tony and Steve flick through it. It involves a copy of our files. 'Shit.' I think to myself. 'They're going to know all about my depression and. Oh god.' My head is going a mile a minute, not giving me a break.
"It's not much, but you can decorate it however you like." I tell her. She doesn't respond for a while until a sob breaks the silence.
"Guys, before we sign anything, if it's alright with you, we'd like to know about your past." My face drops and I can tell Peter's does as well. Steve quickly backtracks. "Not because  it will change our minds, we just want to know if we need lawyers or-" Steve was cut off by Tony covering his mouth.
"Tony and Pete are in the kitchen arguing over what to eat for dinner, want to go and join them?" I nod, still in his arms and we make our way towards the others, their voices getting louder with every step we took.
"I'm so sorry Tyler. I didn't know what I was doing. It wasn't me. Please forgive me." I say nothing and just throw myself into his arms, sobbing onto his shoulder.
"Would you like to come with me?" I ask. She nods. "Okay." She stands up and I hold my hand out for her to grab which she does with barely any hesitation. 'Good, she trust me this much.' I walk over to the crafts table and pull out 2 tiny chairs, gesturing for her to sit in one and I occupy the other. I grab a piece of paper and a crayon and begin to write out the alphabet.
"Tell me Mrs Mitchell, why do you want your daughter back? Why now?" She takes a moment before answering the judges question.
"Bye Bruce." Peter pipes up. "Oh yeah that reminds me," He looks around for a moment. "Let's go sit down. Tyler can open her presents properly then." We all follow Spider-Man to a table in the far corner of the room. 4 gifts and 4 cards are suddenly placed on the table.
"Well yes, I have changed a lot since you last saw me, got my hair cut, eyebrows done. Oh and I'm not permanently covered in bruises anymore."
"Nope." Before I can process what's happening, my book is thrown to the floor along with my phone and I'm tossed into the lake. I submerge from the water, glaring at the older man.
"Please tell them I'll be there once I am dressed." I ask politely, something I'm not used to doing.
'Saved by the bell.' I think as I pick up my bag, strutting out of the door, my hand in Wade's as we walk through the crowed halls to get to our lockers where we usually meet up with the rest of the gang before heading to lunch. A nice quiet lunch is what I need right now. Of course I didn't get it.
"When we found Tyler in the orphanage, she was getting beaten by the head there. We got pretty scared, she was being choked to death and she didn't seem to care, she wasn't fighting back. We brought her home along with her best friend and she was shaken by everything, showing signs of abuse and neglect from the get go. It took us a few days for her to even let us hug her. She was depressed, suicidal and deliberately self-harming. As soon as we knew, we signed her up for counselling, with her consent and she has been attending that for around 2 and a half months. There has been a slight improvement in her but it will take a while before anything big changes. She has warmed up to us. Become a part of our family. She told us that she loved us a few weeks ago. And we love her. We want what's best for her. And if you think that what's best for her is to be with her mom then so be it. But the kid's just got a bit of structure. The first real insight of care she's every had. Her mom didn't care when she had her and I'm telling you now, you passed up on a beautiful, kind, funny, smart, sarcastic, just one big hell of a young woman." The judge bangs his hammer again.
"I better start getting ready. You're still coming by after right?" I ask, he nods, placing a kiss to my forehead.
"Done. Take a look." I look up and gasp. My hair looks amazing. I stand from my chair and throw my arms around my dad, repeating thank you over and over again. He hugs me back.
