Suddenly a hot mouth sucked brutally into the skin of one pectoral. John startled and pulled at the restraints. The pain was exquisite.
"No, John, you misunderstand." Sherlock sighed. "There are the family funds I've never accessed. Until now."
An underdeveloped chapter that waited too long for a break in my schedule. And I so missed being away from these two. So I'm posting it as is.
John was calm and pliant in his hands, breathing steadily, probably unaware one hand loosely held the lapel of Sherlock's suit jacket.
He set his foot down firmly over John’s under the table, stepping with controlled force. John’s eyes widened.
Sherlock smiled and pulled him closer almost bringing John onto his lap, his hands braced on Sherlock's thighs, then reached for the glass.
Then the shirt was off and draped over the footboard. Still on his knees, he took his time running his hands over the arms, shoulders, down John's sides. His eyes were closed now, his head a bit lower, cheeks blushing, skin becoming dewy with sweat. Beautiful.
“I enjoy the cannibalizing motifs of tropicália music. And only three of the four had relevant data, that fourth woman approached me, had to shake her off.”
John was totally unaware he was licking his lips, and the effect of it on Sherlock, as he nodded. "Yes."
John simply closed his eyes and lowered his head. He spoke slowly but steadily. He needed, needed... him.
It didn't feel like a day for reheated take away so he set about preparing a large salad with tuna and boiled eggs. Humming to the radio and thinking of an evening at the pub with some of his friends. He went to find his phone.
John felt his heart pound. He couldn't take his eyes off the slender ankle and black leather oxford. He imagined what it would feel like to be allowed to kneel at those feet. Oh, fuck. He closed his eyes for a moment wondering if his semi-erection would be visible to all if he attempted to walk away.
Aha, the television again. John went back to the pruning. At least it was not a quiz. The last attempt to watch one had riled Sherlock up into a frenzy of coughing and messages. After a brief call and some yelling, John had called the reception to politely ask for room service, camomile infusion and a switching off of the television for the night. Sherlock sulked and John apologized. Then Sherlock apologized.
He gazed at the tea cup on the edge of the fireplace. It had been there since Wednesday evening. Good.
He ran his face and hands over the hair-covered calves and back of thighs, kissing, biting delicately. They would progress towards discomfort slowly today, this wasn't about inflicting pain.
He liked John leaving empty tea cups strewn about the flat. The kitchen counter, bedside table, floor next to the sofa. Sherlock would never move them and once in a while John would wrangle them all in into the dishwasher in the evening apologizing profusely for being "such a pig". It was silly but they reminded him John was now living here, was about to open the door and return home for the evening.
Sherlock spoke at length of a supposed suicide that was in fact a murder, the victim's stamp collection at the centre of it all. It was supposed to be quick two-day case that turned into a week-long investigation of cross-border art smuggling involving Interpol. John could barely follow the chain of deductions Sherlock revealed in quick order.
John made more toast and opened the honey pot, Sherlock's gaze immediately drawn to it and after a beat his hand extending to grab it.
"We can give it a try. I can't imagine not seeing you every day and all this running back and forth can't be healthy for you. And I am curious about those linen sheets..." He winked.
John walked past him into the room. He stood by the bed, noticing how the bedspread was pulled down and a towel was left on the mattress. His mind supplied an image of himself prostrate on Dr. Holmes' bed and he shivered.
John tried to make it to the village once a week, on foot during the better days, back with the local bus line that stopped just half a mile down the road from him. He'd stock up on fresh ingredients to supplement his pantry, and more importantly, see a few of the villagers, drink a pint at the pub and get updated on the local gossip and sports.
"I find I always sleep well with you. And waking up to find you in my bed and at my disposal is something I enjoy immensely John." He reached lower and squeezed one buttock. John was understandably aroused. And smirking. Oh, it was going to be a demanding day.
As he pushed expertly into Sherlock's tight arches John spoke more about his week and plans for a friendly rugby match with friends from uni for Sunday morning.
"I'll stay in, thank you." He nudged John with his foot. "You may model the shorts prior to the match, though..."
'Sherlock, go to M&S in the morning, get the one that's not too puffy. Or whatever you can afford. You can do it online.'
Sherlock had been kissed on the staircase, his back pressed hard to the wall. Pushed towards the bedroom. Undressed, hurriedly, without finesse. Tackled onto the mattress, all muscle and want. He'd been woken with the softest brush of lips, lathered with tauntingly slow caress under the shower, held warmly as his breaths calmed after an orgasm. He'd had his bum pinched. Well, that led to sweeping up of some broken glassware and a chemical stain on the linoleum floor in the kitchen, so perhaps it was off the menu.
"You came. Of course you came. What did you think of the Scriabin? Mangled some notes there but I was nervous. Did good with Bach, though, right? Here, I should sign something, the crowd will get restless, probably riled up some gray heads with that last encore, right?" Crackling laughter and blinking eyes and an extended hand. John handed him the CD. "The Rachmaninoff preludes? Fantastic, John. Probably my best recording. Well, as good as can be with me thwacking the piano, right?" He then finally sat down gripping the CD and marker. "What should I write?"
"The... club. Tattoos and all that?" Was John blushing?! "I imagine it was... stimulating..." He cleared his throat, quite flushed, and... Winked?! "We all have a type."
“John… I am the most unpleasant, rude, ignorant and all-round obnoxious arsehole that anyone could possibly have the misfortune to meet. I am dismissive, unaware, un… un… uncomprehending…” He started swallowing the syllables.
Sherlock proceeded to run his hands over as much of John's body as he could reach. Avoiding one key spot, of course. Hips, thighs, running his fingers slowly over the soft honey-colored hairs. Kneeling on one leg he wrapped his hand firmly around one ankle and leaned down to lick a wide stripe across the instep of John's foot.
And the imagery... Intimate, unrestrained, explicit in its eroticism of eager mouths, bitten lips, tousled dark curls, twitchy deer ears, strong hands and the always piercing gray eyes.
Sweaty midday naps often meant glimpses in dreams and John allowed himself some pleasurable release upon waking.
John pushed a plate with two thick slices of rye-bread toast towards him. "Yeah, a gift from my sister. She means well. Told you it would fit you." He nodded towards the plate.
This, oh, how he'd missed this. Salty and slightly bitter and fucking perfect. He was licking, swallowing greedily and gasping for air, one hand grasping at a furry buttock, its muscles flexing under John's fingers, the other desperately pulling at his own erection.
“You’d think people would shy away from a product called ‘Decay’, wouldn’t you, hm.” John was slowly applying a creme to his tender skin as Sherlock finished explaining the case sipping lukewarm tea at the kitchen table. It should have hurt much much more. But John took care. His fingertips barely skimmed the surface of the skin in soft curved motion.
He hadn't slept in days. Hadn't eaten. Well, there had been coffee and John shoving that sandwich into his hand yesterday with an eloquent grunt.
Perhaps it was the patron that had spilled his sugary drink on John's shoes, he did wear the pair he considered his 'date shoes'. John was always so careful with his possessions, hated 'waste'. And he'd blanche at any offer for a replacement pair, although they did solve the case and the client's payment was being transferred in the morning.
John placed a large bowl in the middle of it all and tipped flour into it. Then dry yeast from a smaller jar and a large pinch of salt from the bowl on the table.
Sherlock took his time, balancing his body just over John's on knees and one hand, taking the brush over most of the beautiful exposed skin, including face, ears, neck, armpits, navel, around his balls and finally the just exposed crack below them.
He closed the door noticing how at ease John was entering his home, setting his helmet and gloves on a side table, unzipping his jacket and turning to seek permission to climb the stairs to Sherlock's rooms.
He arrived at the concert hall too early, dressed in his best suit, found his seat and waited reading the programme notes.
"John..." Sherlock spread his fingers over the keyboard reverently and stared at the screen in front of him. "You have all my recordings, everything."
After a slight disagreement over overzealous teeth hygiene, finally wrapped in John’s duvet, wrapped in John's arms. The compact body slotted perfectly against his. Skin against skin, pyjamas having not made a reappearance since they first hit the bedroom floor. As always, Sherlock took a moment to smell, taste, collect the evening’s batch of data.
The next few afternoons there was always a short message asking if John had dinner plans. Never before six and never offering or insisting. John always said he was free, and Sherlock then arrived around eight with a takeaway, informing John of his half of the bill and serving the food onto plates.
He knew the man was Dr. Holmes, had read his articles in Accounts of Chemical Research and other journals, had seen one of his interviews online. A sharp mind, and now seeing him in person, absolutely gorgeous face and body, formidable bearing.
Again the incredible smile and most certainly unconscious gesture of licking his lips. He could not suppress the memory of that tongue under his mouth, under his cock.
The cabin was stuffy although most windows and the back door were wide open and John was ready for a nap. He'd done more work today than was his norm, reinstating watering ducts for his growing tomatoes, eggplants and melons.
Sherlock snorted. "Passing by?" He gestured for John to follow him inside. "You clearly took the 7 o'clock down to King's Cross, had some of the horrific 'tea' they serve..." he started on the stairs but turned for another quick glance at John closing the door behind them, then two at a time up the stairs dressing gown trailing, as John scrambled to follow.
"It's all online, or on my laptop. I don't need much." He pointed at the cable. "And I stay offline while I write."
"You're impossible." John was now aware of his hands pressing Sherlock tightly towards him as he spoke against velvety skin.
Sherlock was pacing back and forth across the room. Three days have passed and not much had changed in their relationship. He was aware that there had not been a noted decrease in either casual touches nor sexual acts, but he had hoped, and equally dreaded, they’d discuss the change in their status. John had placed a postcard of an Amorphophallus titanum in bloom on the mantle and had at times smiled while looking at it.
Feeling unexpected bravado John put down his helmet and gloves, unzipped his jacket and waited for permission to climb the stairs.
John only held him tighter. “Don’t care, don’t care whatever it is, burnt bed, spleen dripping into the butter dish, don’t fucking care.” He practically climbed on top of Sherlock never loosening the arms that held him. “I’ve been away five days dealing with the most irritating and stubborn sister a man could have and you’ve been waiting and I didn’t even phone this morning but I was rushing to catch the train, the direct…”
Bloody armchair cushion. John shook it and resettled it in the seat. Then pushed it slightly to the left. This was ridiculous. He was an idiot.
"Thanks." He opened the cover while checking his jacket pocket with his other hand. "Oh no, I've forgotten my bloody glasses again."
He paused for a moment, blinked with a tic, then looked down. "That I wonder if the waiter has noticed the massive hard on I've been hiding under the napkin... and how soon I can drag you back to my hovel and have my way with you... and if you'll spend the night... or possibly stay indefinitely... " He pushed the palm of his hand over his face, unsettling his glasses and covering his eyes.
"John, I... No." He promptly sat down and took the tea cup into his hands. "I've been self-sufficient since the early days of my career as a consulting detective. I did not need much. The flat. Basic equipment. Reasonable attire. I gave up smoking ages ago, used nicotine patches for a while. While the work for the Met, and other, government departments, was voluntary, the private clients brought in regular fees." He sipped his tea.
Still, he was beyond nervous. He closed his eyes and cleared his throat, then looked one last time at the mirror smoothing the lapels of his suit. He felt slightly feverish.
John woke to the sound of the shower. It was a bright, sunny morning. He'd slept through the night. And Sherlock was still here.
"Well, it's a while until the first flowering dandelions, but I can have a hearty leek and potato soup on the table in less than an hour." John got his coat off and strode towards the kitchen rolling up his sleeves to wash his hands. He started peeling the potatoes.
So, he raised one long thin finger and indicated first to the man's shoulder, then to the back of the chesterfield to make his point clear. "The leather. It's an almost perfect match, color, texture of creases." He returned the finger to press into the upper sleeve, surprised at the solid muscle just below the leather.
The buck made small bawling noises and smiled, reached out and touched some of the moss and grasses, then picked a few blueberries and set it onto the moss.
Nightmares that used to torment him with flashbacks of gunshots and screams he'd attempted to exorcise in two long novels were a distant memory.
'The concierge has been of assistance. I've had a brief consultation with a doctor, not one as observant as you are, and am to take antibiotics and soup. Their tea is to be recommended. - SH’
The touch continued tracing paths over his heated body, pressing into his hips, dragging the hair of his thighs, wrapping around one ankle relentlessly.
And was met with the sight of John Watson, on his knees, head bowed and neck exposed, clearly trembling.
John unbuttoned his jacket and slid it off his narrow, all the while kissing at his neck and jaw. "Seeing you perform live tonight was incredibly... erotic." He kissed Sherlock passionately while sliding his hands down his back and sides to hold his waist possessively, eager to touch more, feel more. And all the time aware of Sherlock's beautiful hands on the back of his head, neck.
He cleared his closing throat. "What I meant to say... It has been a long week." Please, please, not like this.
Sherlock felt deep affection. He carded his fingers through John's hair, scratched gently at the back of his neck, his shoulder, arm.
Please. His shoulders slumped. No, no he was not leaving, he couldn't bare to leave. He attempted to pull himself together, to fight for a chance to redeem himself. "I'd like to stay." His voice was steadier.
They didn’t get to open the box of condoms that evening. Not with John coming up to investigate the noise, finding Sherlock with his back to the wall and an impressive erection.
OK, whatever he was into, it wasn’t humiliation. He was not looking into a reprise of that, thank you very much. He had dignity, as a man and as a scientist. He sat up straighter. “Yes, well aware.”
"Toast with butter?" John was already cutting the bread. "I'm afraid the bathroom is not heated but I have an extra toothbrush here, you can wash up in the sink. I do when it's this cold." He shrugged.
"John, you have to tell me if you want to set up rules. Otherwise I might mess it up. And I really don't want to mess this up."
The hake was fine, and finer still was John’s approach to pulling out the smallest of bones with his fingers and licking them as he spoke animatedly, completely unaware Sherlock had readjusted the napkin in his lap, twice. They’d just moved on to a second bottle of wine.
And time was running out. Sherlock's concert was in two days. He had the ticket on the desk next to his laptop. On top of the unwrapped CD he had planned to take to the signing that followed the recital. Fuck.
"No, no, but nothing much to see." John pulled out his chair, sat down and opened the laptop. A pale gray desktop appeared, completely empty except for one link. John clicked on the link and a simple text editor window opened filled with writing. Sherlock was staring with avid interest, one hand nervously playing with the edge of his jacket.
The sitting room floor under his bare back was bitterly cold, that lovely patch of hard wood between the two carpets. And the wind streaming in from the open window nearby was freezing. He felt snowflakes drifting down onto the skin of his face and chest. As he listened, eyes closed, to the exquisite and very appropriately titled composition by Anders Hillborg.
Sherlock was terrified of initiating a discussion himself. He flopped down on the sofa to analyze all the pertinent data and decide on further course of action. Perhaps it was a question of letting John know there were many options and he had a choice in any future proceedings…
“… if we cut back on the takeaways a bit… I could cook more often… healthier, too… more fruit and veg… five a day…”
The ribbons were unrelenting. He pulled harder, his arms spread out, his legs extended and locked around the body of the strong man above him, the one who now owned him.
John sat in his room fighting a rising urge to debase himself fully and publicly. It had been so long. Years of polite dates that led to polite sex and polite goodbyes. The last time he asked, begged, he was turned down, called a pervert, slapped. That slap had made him more aroused than all the sex he had had with that woman.
After a few minutes of focused planning he set about preparing the things he'd need. He remade his bed, leaving the bedspread at the footboard, as well as some towels, and arranged extra pillows on the middle of it. On the nightstand he carefully placed a bottle of water and laid out the things he'd picked up the day before when he'd made his decision to approach the man.
After he's correctly identified the man and cornered him in the alley behind the jeweller's shop he realised he'd miscalculated. A flash of steel. A scream. John.
They made it to the flat and John positioned Sherlock on the sofa. "Just let me get the bags. A second. Don't move, please." He made calming gestures but Sherlock just sank onto his side against the cushions.
He had not said anything but was clearly nursing a grievance. Sherlock was at a loss as to what it was, though.
John closed his eyes for a moment at the request and nodded. This, he'd fantasized about this. His cock twitched a couple of times as he imagined the grueling day ahead of him. He was already so close, just a few jerks of a hand could... "Yes, the full day."
Placing the needed ingredients on the table John smiled as Sherlock fidgeted with the cardigan and his sleeves, serious, frowning. "I suppose it is just another experiment in organic chemistry, though, quantities and reactions, temperature and time."
John loved the rare snow storms and this one was building up to be a right bastard. Gale force winds and heavy snowfall announced in public warnings, preparations in the nearby village, calls from old friends checking up on each other. And there was Mike, posing proudly in front of his snow plough equipped tractor for the local paper. This time he may actually get a chance to use it.
The buck stood on the path leading through the garden, the fingers of one hand playing with a long twig.
John did bring back thai. There was a television programme on BBC he was reluctant to miss so they ate as John watched it and laughed and sipped from a beer bottle as Sherlock observed him.
He couldn’t keep his twitching legs still in the cab. And the drive was taking at least 27% longer than typical for the route, a horrid ice rain and some or other popular event affecting the traffic in the area. Was it a bank holiday? The cabbie was clearly a fan whose gaze kept jumping to the rearview mirror. The man grinned like an idiot. It was the damn hat. He looked down at his phone but there were no updates from John. He really hoped there was at least a dead body at the end of the tedious ride, dreadful day, hateful week.
The only response was a shudder, and he couldn't see his face to tell if he was hurt. The temperature was dropping and the rain was getting worse.
And John simply dropped to the floor on all fours with an exhale, burying his fingernails into the carpet, and came to press his face against one of Sherlock's knees.
A painful pinch of one of his nipples shook his body like electrical current. Involuntarily John opened his eyes to meet a lustful gaze and open lips of the gorgeous man who held him. He almost ejaculated on the spot.
He'd brought in a mix of purple hydrangeas and violet lilac to adorn the table and then felt silly about them and moved them to a corner of the kitchen counter. Then moved one of the kitchen chairs to the fireplace next to the armchair.
"Come on, bed." He tugged at Sherlock's wrist and he got up to follow. Up the stairs. John's room. John's bed.
He was about to verbally tear the nurse apart, his gambling debts and wife's infidelity obvious, when a croak of a cough brought him to a standstill. "... enough already."
Tips of fingers moving through his hair. Slow, steady pressure. And again. Unwavering strokes against his scalp, skin of the back of his neck. Measure of breaths. Calloused fingertips. Moving against skin. Stroke, and again. Again. He shivered. Then settled back with a sigh. A repeating pattern. A caress. And again. Warmth. Breath.
He brushed his lips over one buttock and pulled back to take a look at a very dark pink pucker. Pulling John's buttocks further apart he leaned in to kiss unable to suppress a moan of his own. John was trembling as he licked, sucked, played with the tip of his tongue.
Those eyes never left his face. He was overwhelmed with the unwavering attention and watched as the shirt was pulled open.
"There are things we need to discuss and agree on. I myself have not done this in a while and my priority is for you to feel safe and comfortable. And I'd like us to take time. It does not have to happen today."
He placed his hand over the one that had strayed to his stomach. Suddenly he wasn't sure he'd measure up to this, to Sherlock, his life, his expectations.
Finally, as John stared, Dr. Holmes pulled a pair of fine silky burgundy socks from the closet, watching John swallow.
So he edged closer, and a bit more, until his side was pressed against the curve of John's spine. Warm, slightly damp with sweat, face half buried in his pillow. A solid snore. And, to Sherlock's delight, unshowered.
He manoeuvred John gently to lie down with his head in Sherlock's lap, facing him. John was clearly at ease now. If very aroused. And certainly the food and wine had helped. To ask to be denied, how exceptional.
John smiled and kissed his cheek, maneuvering him to lie down. "Yes, you are. Now let me rub my cook's feet." He took off his socks and started with warm rubs.
Nine. Also the incredible number of hours of sleep he had last night. Until waking to the sound of the kettle boiling and switching off downstairs, the sound of a teaspoon against the side of the saucer, three stirs, as was the man's habit.
Sherlock blinked a few times, then laughed nervously staring down into his cup. "So, I shouldn't schedule the movers for Friday? Yeah, no, that's perfect."
Feeling adventurous John took down his waterproof trousers and winter jacket hanging by the door and dressed. A torch from the kitchen drawer, right. Gloves. Then sitting on the wooden bench he pulled on his boots.
'John, the only way for a gentlemen to live is in a hotel. Where one can place a sign on the door when one wishes not be disturbed by idiots.' - SH
He excused himself and returned to his room. His legs were shaking and he sat on the edge of his bed. All right, one chance. He took a shower and redressed in fresh clothes. Just before leaving the room he fetched a couple of condoms and packets of lubricant from the bathroom and pushed them into his jacket pocket. If he was mistaken about Dr. Holmes' nature perhaps there was at least some casual sex in it for the two of them.
Judging the oven to be ready, he pushed in a tin cup of boiling water to get the steam he needed for a good crust, then carefully inverted his dough onto a baking tray. Into the oven it went.
"Not a case. No. A... lifestyle decision, John." He shifted in his seat and turned up his collar for good measure.
"It's fine. We all go through mnemonic training. And anyway music is all patterns, motives, phrases that repeat, themes. The bastards that brag about playing 100,000 notes from memory never talk about how they spend hours segmenting it into manageable bits. Still it takes work. Being a concert pianist means endless hours at the piano. Thankfully we have the internet to connect to other humans, ones who actually go outside, see the sun and all that..."
Tucking the edges underneath until the top of the dough ball was smooth, John placed the dough into the basket and covered it with a clean tea towel. Just in time, the soup was almost ready.
"John..." Sherlock got up. And broke into a crooked smile. For a silent moment they started at each other and John felt like an animal caught in a car's headlights. Then Sherlock took off.
“Nope, no you’re not, you are in fact an unreasonable man.” John pulled him down for another thorough kiss. “But you’re my man.”
He got up leaving the phone on the bed and went into the bathroom to take a slightly too cool wake up shower.
“Is this why it’s currently snowing in our sitting room?!” And with less yelling and more concern. “Do you have heat stroke as well?”
"John. You are impatient." The gaze was stern. "And so am I. Very much so. But am not a callous man. We will discuss some things first."
"I would bet there was a pair of reading glasses there, watching you squint at the postcard in the kitchen earlier."
John grinned, leaned against his back and wrapped his arms around him. "Sounds so very good. I'm exhausted." He rubbed his face into Sherlock's back and huffed. "Missed you all day, love."
Looks like he was in for an early start on the next chapter today. That was fine. He'll take an afternoon nap. The first pink-orange hues of the foggy morning promised a nice day.
A hand slid up his arm, over wrist, elbow, biceps, shoulder. Then back down. The stroke slow, lazy. And he sunk into it eagerly. The repetition of the slide of a callused palm over his arm, shoulder, neck. Down his back. Then up, into his hair. Gentle but steady. And pulling close. To a solid chest, unwavering hold. A scratch. A caress.
He pretended to give the menu the briefest attention and raised his eyes to take John in. “I am quite certain of my choice tonight.” Cheeks slightly flushed, the corners of his eyes scrunched in a wide smile. Spectacular. And it seemed, just as nervous. Or perhaps only expectant.
Sherlock had sent him a series of texts last night asking about his preferences for their dinner date - location, food ideas, indoors or outside. There were three messages related to what time John favored. It was ridiculous, and adorable.
One hand on John's chest and unable to take his eyes of the shifting, rutting hips and irresistible heavy erection, he came hard after just a few shallow thrusts.
The tiresome waiter chose that moment in particular to reappear with the dessert menu. He was sent away with a cutting remark and a dismissive expression John truly hoped he never had to face.
He then poured two glasses of red wine from a heavy decanter and brought a plate of food from the fridge as John watched unabashedly. He was allowed. His breath stuttered again.
John took three steps and stopped in front of the armchair. He smelt of soap and shampoo, so a shower before coming to him. A pity.
So he hung up his coat, took off his wet shoes and socks, rolled up the sleeves of his damp shirt and made a large pot of tea and two sandwiches, cheddar and the spicy pickle that was John's favorite. He was setting some biscuits on another plate when John reappeared, in his warm dressing gown, toweling his hair.
Many evenings were spent just reading together. Sherlock with a journal, John with a paperback. There had been several discussions about unpacking John's television again, even though its first installation had unnerved Sherlock. Cinema visits were a regular date night.
Sherlock waved one elegant hand dismissively, "Transport. Boring." He quirked an eyebrow in clear provocation. "Now, about your military background..."
Sherlock looked more and more amused. "You swept your torch methodically surveying the vehicle, as if a hostile might jump out, not to mention your stance and haircut betray habits adapted some decades ago." He smirked. "And how else to explain the smell of gun oil? Were you a hunting man there'd be more fur and less," he fingered the blanket with a scowl, "cheap wool-acrylic blend in here."
For a briefest moment he lost his composure and fearing he might expose himself, his own apprehension, Sherlock kept silent.
He paced the sitting room, agitated, tired. He picked up the violin but remembered John had gone to bed. Remembered... as if John's presence in that inexplicably inviting bed was not something he was acutely aware of. Constantly.
"When I write I spend a lot of time just thinking, developing the next line of dialogue or situation, staring into nothing. Sometimes it helps that the music is... under my fingertips. The vibration, the energy of it, effort and emotion of the performance. As if I can touch it." He was almost daring enough to say 'touch you'.
He found the wedding ring on the kitchen counter. It had been regularly cleaned. The actor had not even noticed it yet.
Mycroft. The arrogant twat. Sniffing around and trying to insert himself where he had no place to be. The messages mentioned ‘inheritance tax’, ‘sizable estate’, “Mummy considering signing over the Breton property’ and ‘high necessity for a strategic date’.
He was quick to return and after placing the items on a side table leaned down to check on John, hand on cheek.
A flicker of lights. A car? Oh, bloody hell. His adrenaline spiked. What idiot would be on these roads in this weather?
He helped John, who was a little unsteady on his legs and soon they were under the bedspread, John at his side. He pulled him closer and kissed the top of his head as John sank into his arms with a small hum.
He’d always enjoyed a degree of recognition for his deductions, but until John no one had looked at him and pronounced him remarkable or amazing out loud, publicly, without restraint. John's expressed that thought in every possible variant available to the English language. And since that first cab ride together Sherlock had reveled in it. ‘Amazing.’
Clearly trying to calm down a bit, Sherlock withdrew just enough to bite at John's neck, bringing his hand up to trace John's lips with his fingertips. John's broken, stuttering breath spoke volumes. Two fingers pushed into his mouth.
But the sounds coming from the kitchen were far more interesting. John was flipping crêpes, while whistling to the music on the radio. There was an unsuccessful flip occasionally, every 4th crêpe on average, followed by a flippant, mild-tempered curse or even a giggle.
Armchair and chair, pulled close to the fire, two crochet blankets, two cups of tea, four wool-clad feet stretching in front of the low flames.
And he was still unable to keep his damn shirt off in front of the man, to sleep naked with him, to bathe together. And he longed for it.
The forest would grow misty with fog in the evening hours and John liked to have a cup of tea looking out from the chilly porch before coming in for the night. He had spotted tracks in the grasses on the forest's edge and was hopeful his magnificent creature would return soon. He'd set out bowls of sweet parsnips or tart quinces with sprigs of medlar on a couple of occasions hoping to entice it to return.
"What, in the sun, John!?" And the way Sherlock burst out laughing against the skin of his neck made him shiver.
Fascinated by the design of the culvert through which one of London’s subterranean rivers ran its course, Sherlock ran a finger over overlaid sketches and maps spread out over the floor of the small room the Met was letting him use.
Moans and whimpers were forgotten as deep wails and long cries for pleasure exhausted Sherlock’s normally quiet voice. The sounds made John throb as he realized just how hard he really was.
He could tell that Harry felt guilty too. “I think this’ll be good for us. We could ..... we.” He took a deep breath and tried once more to get his feelings out, “We could try again.”
“Yes.” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “You’re intentionally dressed in an attractive outfit that you hardly ever wear, you’re wearing your favorite cologne that you only ever wear when you want to impress someone, you’re ordering wine for the first time and pulling out knowledge on it, and you chose to eat at an emotionally significant restaurant that you only ever suggest we eat at during celebrations or special occasions.”
"Who?" He was familiar with every girlfriend John had ever had, and now, he needed to know the names of the men who had been stealing John's affections.
Sherlock wanted very few things in his life. He wanted a dog, to be a pirate, intelligence, admiration, to stop criminals, and to retire one day and keep bees in Sussex. Though he wasn't confident he would ever be a pirate, he was on his way to achieving everything he had ever wanted. But recently, he's realized there is yet another thing he wants. He wants to hear John sing again.
John leaned in and watched the pink of Sherlock’s cheekbones get a bit darker as he closed in. Gorgeous. He placed a few soft kisses over the area and felt a shiver run through the body in his arms. He cracked a smile and held him tighter to keep him steady. He started below Sherlock’s ear and slowly kissed down. As he made his way back up, his lips parted, letting his tongue peak out to trace the flesh before he pulled away with a soft suck, moving to plant another kiss above the last. He trailed his kisses all across Sherlock’s neck, intending to become acquainted with every inch of skin.
"Oh I'm a sucker for you! You say the word and I'll go anywhere blindly." John didn't mean to show off, but he was a fan of riffs and runs. He made sure to slide them in whenever he could. "I'm a sucker for you, yeah. Any road you take, you know that you'll find me. I'm a sucker for all the subliminal things no one knows about you, about you. And you're making the typical me break my typical rules. It's true, I'm a sucker for you!"
John let out a cough to hide the giddy chuckle that wanted to come out. A larger smile forced it's way onto his face and his cheeks went pink. "Sherlock, really?"
While John was in the kitchen, Sherlock heard it. A low humming which soon turned to words being softly sung. "Chided by the silence of the hushed sublime. Blind to the purpose of the brute divine, but you were mine. Staring into blackness at some distant star. The thrill of knowing how alone we are. unknown we are." Even though he sung softly, the words were strong and powerful. It sent chills up Sherlock's spine and made his hair stand on end to hear such an intense and melodic voice radiating off the walls of their flat.
When thinking back on the many fiends and murderers he's faced in his life, Sherlock Holmes has had very few intellectual equals. But when he truly thinks back on it, even fewer were genuinely able to surprise him.
He heard John behind him, panting even though he wasn't being touched. It was obvious that his words were effecting him. "I can hear your breathing, I know you li-" He was cut off by his own desperate cry. His body writhed as John's fingers suddenly shifted to press down onto his prostate. His hips jerked forward as if to escape the sudden pleasure, but John used his free hand to pull his hips back while his fingers massaged the spot.
John’s eyes immediately went to meet Sherlock’s. “What do you mean?” He felt himself get hopeful again, like an idiot.
John should have expected Sherlock would already have made a deduction about it. But by the same token, he was pleasantly surprised that Sherlock was willing to drop it. “Thank you.”
John was everything Sherlock might have enjoyed about sex, but honeyed over and made so much sweeter.
He could hear the grin in Sherlock’s voice. He whimpered as he was slowly taken back inside of Sherlock’s mouth. It was the warm relief he needed. But his hips bucked when those fingers rubbed him again. “I’m sorry, fuck I’m sorry.” He said as he looked down to make sure he hadn’t bucked too much and choked Sherlock.
John blinked a few times, grinning as he realized what Sherlock was asking him. “You want to know why I didn’t find Irene attractive?”
Sherlock nearly chocked on his own inhale at the complement. He couldn’t believe John had just said that.
Sherlock gave a soft smile. He wasn’t sure what to do with this new information. John was attracted to him. So what? He could leave it be and never speak of it. But for some reason, he didn’t want to do that. All he knew was that there was something he wanted to do, he just couldn’t identify what it was. There was a strange sense of purpose in him, as if he had a mission. He thought a moment and considered that perhaps, he only wanted to tell John about his deduction, but he knew that wasn’t it. All that would do is embarrass John and potentially make their relationship awkward. Sherlock didn’t want that. But he did like the idea of talking about it. He was on the right track, but not exactly on the mark. Maybe he wanted to tell others? He wasn’t particularly the type to brag and John’s tastes weren’t anyone’s business. He found he also didn’t like that idea. Talking to John about it was something that remained in his mind when he tried to picture what it was he wanted.
Sherlock’s emotional capacity was as any other human’s, but he was still very hesitant to express it. Instead of giving a full explanation he kept his point short and simple, “Because you don’t hurt me. You feel like home.”
John looked up at him with eyes that were filled with some emotion. “I-I look li-” he cut himself off and a grin broke out onto his face. He felt an indescribable joy. “That’s the sweetest thing anyone’s ever said to me. Thank you, Sherlock.”
He found himself doing it much more often. He hummed everything. He hummed old songs, new songs, songs that weren't well-known but that he loved, tunes he'd heard Sherlock play on his violin a thousand times, little melodies he made up himself, he did it all.
“Lestrade, there’s no time to waste! I’m in love with John and I have to know how he feels about me!” He demanded.
When John got up to make some more tea, Sherlock looked through the newspaper. He scanned the entirety of it and nothing happened today that John would deem worthy enough for celebration. Conclusion, their conversation about John having a potential paramour is what triggered the day becoming special.
He never thought his own eyes significant, but he thought John's were absolutely gorgeous. His eyes drifted lower as he walked by John, but he quickly caught himself and looked away before he could properly ogle John's bum.
“Sherlock?” Lestrade was confused because there was no case, and Sherlock didn’t typically call just to chat, meaning something was probably wrong.
He began to recall every important person and thing in his life. Molly, Lestrade, his parents, Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson, John, his work, his violin, his flat, and bees.
John bit his lip and basked in the sounds that came from his boyfriend. Each one was something pulled straight out of John’s midnight fantasies. He couldn’t believe he had Sherlock writhing around like this, moving his hips in such a lewd way, chasing his pleasure. He noticed how Sherlock’s balls were beginning to tighten and he grinned. Sherlock was close. He intended to overcome the man with pleasure.
“John, I am no top, nor am I a bottom. I switch, and you’re going to have to learn to as well.” He pressed two fingers just above John’s entrance. He slowly massaged, rubbing around the area to find the right spot.
Sherlock's smile forced its way onto his face and he watched John bop along to the song while they could still hear it. John noticed the smile, but he didn't say anything. He didn't want to ruin it. He was a bit prideful to know that he was the reason Sherlock was smiling. He hummed the rest of the song on their walk to Angelo's.
“Even if I am married to my work, and even if a relationship would be difficult, it doesn’t matter, because I’ve fallen in love and that was the absolute worst decision I could have made!”
It was then that Molly’s betrothed mouthed the question, “I thought you were on the phone with Sherlock?”
Had John been intentionally singing love songs this entire time? Had he been humming and singing love songs to Sherlock?
Sherlock felt his cheeks go light pink. Something about the question embarrassed him a bit. “It isn’t that I don’t like it, it’s just unfamiliar. I do ..... I do like it, that is. I like it, but only because it’s with you. I wouldn’t like it if it were any other person.”
John’s eyes seemed to light up with an innocent excitement. It was as if it were an honor for Sherlock to allow him to do something like that. “Are you certain?”
He ground down and let himself enjoy it. His moans got a bit more frantic than before as he was pleasured from two different places. His hips were overwhelmed with the feelings, but he couldn’t stop moving. His hips began moving in circles, rubbing himself against those fingers. His head tilted back and the muscles that peaked out of his stretched torso began to tremble.
He blinked a few times and tried to shake off the revelation, deciding it was just his emotions clouding his judgement. Until he realized he might not be wrong.
John wanted to say, “Because she knows far too many embarrassing stories about me and has no filter.” It would be a valid excuse, it could put the meeting off for a while, but it was a lie. So instead, he half-mumbled the most honest excuse he could come up with, “I don’t know. It’s never come up before. If you want to, I could call her up.”
“No. I am enjoying myself. I’m only a bit confused. You’re being strange, John.” This wasn't normal. Everything about it was abnormally intimate and Sherlock didn't know how to respond to that.
When Sherlock came out of it, the first thing he noticed was that John was humming. His heart fluttered and he blinked a few times. John was humming again.
The genius tilted his head and sighed silently. He found himself struggling once again to explain himself. He settled on, “I think I already have but I don’t want to be wrong.”
“Our sexual tension was building and bound to crash either today or tomorrow. I wanted to be prepared.” He seemed a bit embarrassed, and he was. He was basically confessing that he hoped John would fuck him today or tomorrow.
Sherlock looked into John’s eyes a moment, the pink on his cheeks darkening. For a moment, there was absolutely no doubt in his mind that he was correct. John moving his hand on top of Sherlock's was a move he didn't see coming. It was a shock because he almost always saw every move coming, even before the person in question knew they were going to make it. Not always being able to predict John excited him. He liked that he finally found someone who wasn't as predictable as everyone else. So while he had the confidence, he said it. “This is a date. You have romantic feelings for me.”
“You’re doing it .....” he trailed off a bit, trying to process what John said. “You’re doing it for me?” He wasn't entirely sure what to make of that.
John let out a chuckle and tilted his head. “But you’re teasing me on purpose, because you know that after you pull away, I’ll be turned on.”
“Before ..... the fall ..... I was a very cold man. I didn’t listen to a lot of the things you said because I thought you’d eventually tire of me and leave. Afterwards I did listen more. But, my brain had a tendency to gloss over uninteresting things like pronouns or what term you used to describe your significant other. But I did listen. I remember Angel played the flute, Avery was from Greece, and you had an uncanny amount of sex with Morgan. Of course, you didn’t tell me that last bit, I deduced it.”
John looked back down at his newspaper and he thought a moment, thinking that maybe now was a good time to try and make a move on Sherlock. "Would you fancy going to Angelo's tonight?"
That only sent him down another rabbit hole. All the ways he was attracted to John’s personality. His maturity, confidence, sarcasm, calmness, brains, strength, vulnerabilities, it was all so wonderful to him.
“John!” He scolded softly. His eyes a bit wide as he discreetly looked around to make sure no one else heard what John was saying. He couldn't believe how shameless John had become. Only moments ago Sherlock saw him as his polite, cardigan-wearing, best friend. How he was on a date with a unabashed debauchee.
Sherlock nodded. “Good. Wanted to make sure I wasn’t missing anything else. I’m going into my head a while. Need to reorganize.” He seemed slightly distracted as he spoke, as if he was already leaving the world around him.
Occasionally he would catch Sherlock staring at him while he hummed, to which the detective would quickly look away. Even when he didn't catch Sherlock stare, he felt it. He enjoyed the feeling. He liked knowing he had Sherlock's attention and was making him happy. It made him happy.
Harry blinked a few times in shock. “Wow. I get a phone call and I can see you in person. How many years has it been, John?”
The walk was quiet and comfortable. The both of them were mentally trying to figure out if they could consider this a date, but John was under the impression that Sherlock had no romantic feelings for him.
Sherlock looked down and made it apparent that he hadn’t even known he was doing it. “Oh.” He thought it over a few seconds and came to a quick conclusion. "I actually have something to tell you.” He was going to finally come out as gay. He knew that John didn’t know. In fact, he was certain that only Mycroft and Molly knew, and maybe Mrs. Hudson had figured it out. “I’m gay.”
He'd spent the previous two nights with his own charts and statistics. The blackmailer had been smart enough to elude his brother, and the rest of the misleadingly-called 'intelligence", so Sherlock took apart his own approach and shifted strategy towards a direct encounter. He'd solved the case. And now he was ready for bedtime.
John pushed forward to kiss him, panting and biting. And shaking as Sherlock took his cock in hand again and started a relentless rhythm. John was caught between the two hands, brokenly gasping between kisses, jerking his hips, his face wet with tears. His orgasm was surprisingly sudden, rough, leaving him shivering on top of Sherlock.
Sherlock did. And his elegant hands and long fingers looked unbelievably alluring on the black keys.
Standing at the crime scene, careful not to step into the surprisingly oblong blood puddle, Sherlock surmised John's zeal for orgasms rivaled his own for serial killers. And now both of them were having a very good day.
John pulled back a bit, one hand cupping Sherlock's jaw, the other tracing along one of his fingers. "You cannot imagine how much you excite me. I've never lusted after someone like this. From afar, pathetically, embarrassingly. To be able to touch you, kiss you... and hear you play, just for me... You're incredible." He shifted uncomfortably on the bench.
Sherlock picked up one photo of the pair, smiling for the camera. Yes, loyal. And very much in love.
"I wouldn't mind some tea. And if you happen to have any of the ginger biscuits you keep in the tin box..."
John stared for a few devastating seconds, then, an exasperated exhale, took three steps around the kitchen table and brought Sherlock’s face to his shoulder in an enveloping, tight embrace.
The punishingly long sessions did end in orgasm and allowed him to sink into exhausted sleep. But by Wednesday it was clear this wasn't about orgasms, perhaps not even about sex.
John stood in front of the bookshop for a while, thinking Sherlock might have left to get a snack or something and might be back any minute. After a while it was clear he had gone.
"Yes, please. John, you are an outstanding baker. The crumb of these scones, the level of moisture, just the right ratio of..." He reached for a third scone as John filled the kettle, then set it down on the table and jumped up from his chair.
"If you want something to stop. You will use the word 'stop' and I'll cease immediately.  Is that clear?"
"Try this." Sherlock brought the olive to John's lips, watching as they parted, a glimpse of tongue, and pushed it gently into that attractive mouth, the tips of his fingers lingering on the lips.
John was practically humming with arousal. He needed to calm down or this would end too fast to leave either of them satisfied.
John looked content and sleepy. He shifted him on his side and, shucking off his stained trousers and shirt quickly, laid down next to him and pulled John into an embrace.
Pushing one finger into that eager mouth Sherlock leaned in and sucked a bruising kiss low onto his neck.
John used to favor summer as the colder months aggravated his injured shoulder. He loved strenuous garden work and the crop that was starting to come in - lots of greens, peas, early potatoes. He foraged in the woods for dandelion greens, morel mushrooms, wild garlic, and once or twice a week he swam in the nearby stream.
He stood at the threshold of his bedroom and looked at the pristine bed, Frette linens in gray, eiderdown pillows he'd chosen with care.
Sherlock looked up to see John at the door, looking exhausted, supermarket bags in tow, taking in the room in with a bewildered expression. There was quite a lot of mess - books, papers, charts he'd drawn... all information coded, of course.
The forest was an explosion of yellows and reds, paths strewn with fallen leaves and soft mosses. John would take long afternoon walks and forage for treasures like shepherd's purse and fennel seeds to spice his meals, sweet chestnuts and the absolute autumn favorite - wild mushrooms.
The next morning John woke with a bad headache and was extremely thankful he got the work finished the day before. The heat was still unabating. The morning shower and ibuprofen had helped him recover, but only a bit. He tried calling Sherlock twice, but he wasn't picking up. So he sent a text. Again, no response.
"Oh, John." Sherlock sat up and looked about the room, yawning. "You've been up a while. And out. My apologies, I am typically not prone to oversleeping. Must be a reaction to yesterday's hypothermia."
Sherlock stood there, hair and jacket completely drenched, glasses fogging up, a smile that resembled a nervous tic.
As they walked the large and immaculately kept property there were several anecdotes from film shoots on horseback in mud, embarrassing American accents, early career social stumblings. All told with humour and wit. Lestrade laughed on two occasions. It was getting tedious by the minute.
John stammered a bit. "I... I'd had a brief encounter with someone more experienced at university. Very brief. And not since then... well, not successfully anyhow. I've read some things and I suppose I have been looking for an opportunity for some time now."
John had began showering in the evenings, perhaps under the misapprehension it was the polite thing to do when sharing a bed with another. And as much as Sherlock now acquainted the smell of John's supermarket brand shampoo with warm hands and a steady heartbeat, he preferred the familiar scent of John's skin, and the traces of the day it bore. Endless cups of tea and the disinfectant they used at the surgery were child's play, but a visit to a bookstore or an afternoon snack of peanut brittle - small triumphs in olfactory deduction.
John set about making a pot. "I hope it wasn't expensive. Very nice packaging. There is really no need for gifts..."
As the tip of Sherlock's fingers rimmed the exposed ring of muscle John started outright sobbing. And when Sherlock let go of John's cock to start pumping his own, the sobs turned into desperate pleas and full body jerks. Still, John kept himself in the same tiring position, on his knees, spread out with his hands behind his back.
Sherlock unlocked the door to his flat and stood aside running one hand through his hair. "I didn't tidy..."
Putting away the dishes in the kitchen John checked the clock. "Alright. But, don't you want to get any of your things from the car now the road is clear? Extra clothes?"
He got up off his knees and carefully, arms under lower back and knees, laid John on the nest of pillows. John sighed and looked absolutely content. And they had barely started.
They finished breakfast and put away the plates. John made another pot of tea and took it into the sitting room.
John laughed. "All right, all right." He got up to follow him. "I do have preferences, too." They stood next to the desk and Sherlock curiously looked around. At what, John did not know. "Always the same laptop manufacturer, same text editor, same size of font... for over a decade now."
"All right, perhaps those are not for me." He glanced around. "Let's see what we can do. I don't suppose you drink tea but maybe you'd like to settle in front of the fire for a while while the storm passes?"
"Come on, the tea must be half cool by now." He paused the music, took Sherlock by the hand and led him back to the sofa.
He stayed sitting on the kitchen chair and holding his bandaged hand in his lap for over two hours. Then he climbed the stairs in a daze.
"Yes, of course. I should share the responsibilities in the house, as long as I enjoy your hospitality. I may not be able to help with the cooking but surely keeping us warm is just as important. And any other chores."
They'd settled into a very comfortable domesticity together quickly. Something Sherlock had not envisioned for himself, something that had surpassed any of his expectations for them.
He kept scratching the silky fabric of his favourite dressing gown, eyes closed. Not thinking. Pretending to not think.
John sat up in his bed. "Are you alright?" Then moved to get up, his voice firm. "Did you take something?"
How had he allowed things to get out of hand? He had planned and prepared, but his estimates were off.
John was away for a seminar and he'd slept alone for the first time in a while. He slept more or less well but woke up early with a sense of unease and couldn't stay in bed on his own. He'd made tea and fed George, petting him a bit. But in the end he'd felt so anxious he had to dress and leave the flat.
And then, his eyes meeting Sherlock's for a moment, John smiled wider. And Lestrade, in a surprising moment of instant clarity, understood. And Sherlock blushed a red brighter than the blood-stained floor.
He couldn't take his eyes off those feet as he was pulled to stand, swaying slightly, his erection almost forgotten.
John complied slowly. Jacket, shirt. Revealing a sturdy build torso, some blond chest hair and extensive scarring of one shoulder. Interesting. And something to take into consideration. Shoes, socks, neatly set by the bed. His hands were shaking. Trousers and pants. Robust thighs, more dark blond hair, and a thicker than average and very erect cock. He was absolutely beautiful and Sherlock took a while to just look at him.
Immediate arousal? This was unexpected. Had the man interpreted his casual touch as propositioning? Perhaps the one glass of wine had made him careless.
The shirt was open at the front and Sherlock traced his fingers over clavicle, chest, careful to avoid the nipples, stomach. Slowly but with a sure touch, light pressure. He took in the scarred shoulder and touched it attentive to John's response. No discomfort, good.
Fearing he might be caught out in his desire he'd stuck to devising a promising script of their interaction and had fully neglected to take into account that John too may be more invested than a carefully executed scene or two.
Sherlock settled him close and leaning down kissed the back of John's leaning head, his neck, and through the damp shirt his shaking shoulders.
He watched as Dr. Holmes approached him and grasped his hand. And unexpectedly kissed him. John moaned into the touch of those demanding lips. Please.
Cases were priority. Arguments were no more or less frequent. Pathogen samples still had to be labeled and stored away from the edibles.
John had told him that while carding his fingers through Sherlock's hair while he had Sherlock on the rack. Until it would seem, he hadn't felt that way anymore. A little over a year ago. Not long before John left.
A Ferengi with a daimon's insignia pushed his way into the room and smiled. "Excellent. As the 110 Rule of Acquisition states, 'Use the children of your employees as leverage.' And since everyone on this ship is now in my indenture in exchange for not being spaced, you are all my employees." He sniffed the air. "There's even an adult omega. There's an excellent market for indentured omegas. I smell profit."
Finally, Sh'Alaack said, "The strangest thing about losing my memories was how good it felt. Stonn and Tregennis work up worried, and I felt good. Free. I had something in my hand telling me what I do. Every new discovery was a revelation that filled me with joy. A new challenge to face."
There, her remaining relatives were distant kin. Her bondmates' parents had done their best to smother her with affection as her body healed. Tried to distract her thoughts. Except, of course, like a sore tooth, her thoughts always strayed back to recent events.
Birh's thoughts had shattered when Khel had placed her hand on Bihr's hand and squeezed. Rested her forehead against Bihr's. Said, "I'm sorry we've left you out of the conversation. We wouldn't be gathering with our children if it were not for you."
“Of course! Everything about you is very delightful and homey. I know this doesn’t make much sense, but, you look like home.” He didn’t know how to put his feelings into words, but he did the best that he could.
No answer came immediately, there was a lot of hesitation. But he found himself physically frowning at the thought. He didn't like it, and it didn't make him nearly as happy as the thought of being with Sherlock did.
Only a moment later and there was a knock at his door. “Sherlock? Off the phone yet? Your food’s going to get cold.”
The man managed to stretch his lips into a smile and he shook his head, letting John know he was fine. He bobbed his head, working his way down in an attempt to take in all of John. His fingers slowly moved again.
John cracked a smile as they made it to entrance of 221 Baker Street. He stood in front of the door, but before he unlocked it, he turned around and looked up into Sherlock’s eyes. “I’d really like to kiss you.”
“Doing what on purpose?” Sherlock spoke with a playful tone that told John they were on the exact same page.
"He and I messed around a bit in uni. Don't tell him I told you that, he's a bit embarrassed by it."
“I’m in love with you too.” John had never seen Sherlock blush, but here he was with light pink cheeks and a tear running down his face. “Are you alright?”
John shook his head and closed his eyes. “It doesn’t matter.” He said nothing more, preferring to drink his tea and think. He’d never spoken much about his parents and that was for a reason. The only times he ever spoke about Harry was when Sherlock initiated the conversation.
He estimated he had fifteen minutes before John would leave to pick up the food, and ten more before John would come knocking for him.
He realized how purposeful John sounded. It was different than his usual singing and humming. He wasn't singing just to sing, he was singing intentionally. It wasn't something he was unaware of. He knew what he was doing and he chose this song deliberately.
After a brief fight between Sherlock and the girl that ended with Sherlock nearly breaking his nose and John holding the girl at gunpoint, Lestrade caught up.
He suddenly became aware of the small smile that still rested on his face. The smile that John caused with his cleverness. He had always thought John was quite clever. He was the only one who knew how to keep up with him. Even in the simple way he already knew Sherlock would want takeaway.
“Angle of the stab wound means the killer’s shorter than the victim, most of the stabs were postmortem, and the killer has a bloody big knife.” That was all John had.
John had the audacity to let out a laugh. “Your dominance?!” He laughed out the words as if they were hilarious to him. “Sherlo- Oh fuck!” He let out another laugh, unable to finish his statement. “Sherlock, love, you are not the one in charge here.”
John's eyes widened and his face went red. "I can't believe you would threaten me like that." A smirk twisted onto his face. "Stop or I'll shut you up."
John apologized throughout the day for his drunkenness and how he was such a bother. Sherlock dismissed it all and said it was no problem, making sure to keep the lights low and not even touching his violin.
He was not only content, but he was excited by living the rest of his life like that. The idea felt warm and cozy to him. It felt right.
He felt like he was finally getting what he needed. He clawed at the sheets and made a slew of ridiculous faces. Happiness, concentration, disgust, desire, and at one point he just laid there keening with a slack jaw.
John shrugged even though he knew why. “Because you like it. You seemed to really miss it, so I figured I should try and do it more often.”
Then he realized his heart was beating faster. He blinked and brought his hands together, subtly taking his own pulse. A minute later and he found it to be above average. Was he anxious? Worried? Stressed? No. It wasn’t any of that. Was it excitement? Yes. He realized he was excited. Excited about whatever it was that he had to do. But what did he have to do what was so positive?
It wasn't anyone's birthday, it wasn't a holiday, this date has never been important before, and nothing worth celebrating has occurred. Earlier, John wasn't excited about anything. It was a normal day until John mentioned Angelo's. In fact, John didn't become excited until he mentioned Angelo's. The day had just recently become special to John.
He hung up and checked the time. He had just under ten minutes to convince Lestrade to share John’s feelings.
“For about a year now he’s been struggling with his feelings for you. Said he fancied you but that he needs to get over it because he thought you’d never feel that way about him. Three days ago, he told me he’s almost certain that he loves you. Keep in mind that was the night he was hammered on six shots of tequila.”
He had the gall to let out a laugh, but quickly found that to be a mistake. His laughter made him tighten around those fingers that were still slowly massaging the inside of his rim. He groaned at the increased pressure and he could feel the pride radiating off of John. "Nevertheless, you of all people should know I'm impossible to shut up."
conventionally attractive. Attractive enough that his age was no problem, though he was only in his early forties. Deep blue eyes, one laugh line deeper than the other from the crooked way he sniffles, small lips dusted over with a color exactly like a pink rose, the way they slowly turned red as he spoke or when he licked his lips, his charming smile, nice but not overbearing jawline, soft features that suited him perfectly, in fact, everything seemed to fit perfectly on his face so that nothing was too big or too small. He was so adorable that neither his age nor his height deterred people from hitting on him.
John’s eyes widened at the statement. “I’m a doctor, of course I have.” The perineum, better known as the taint, was an easy way to massage the prostate from the outside, if you would find the right angle. “Don’t you dare.” He also knew that many men could cum from that alone.
Sherlock smirked at the way John's pitch went up when he spoke. "I stole them from Donovan." He shifted when he felt a fingertip press against his entrance, but that didn't deter his intentions. "Want me to use them on you?" He offered, hearing a soft gasp of shock behind him.
“She'll get excited about the relationship. She’ll insist on seeing us regularly, having us over for dinner, she’ll want you to call her mum, it’ll be a nightmare.”
“So what I’m hearing is, that doesn’t cross a line for you?” John prompted, but noticed his embarrassed Sherlock was. “Should I take your silence as a yes?”
Sherlock closed his eyes and used John’s chest as a pillow, slowly falling asleep in the arms of the man he loves.
He felt and saw the eyes slowly rake up his body, soaking in every detail. John hadn’t felt this naked in a long time. He was utterly exposed.
“No, John. You’re dressed up, not overdressed. You’re wearing an outfit that you know looks particularly attractive on you though it isn’t part of your normal wear. You intentionally chose this outfit, why?”
“Don’t feel guilty. That was long ago.” John reminded as he moved to get the lube. “I’d like to think a night with me might be worth the lube in your room.” Not to erase Sherlock’s struggle. But after all he’s been through, every decision he’s made has led up to this moment. He wanted it to be worth it.
He held back any signs of his surprise and felt as if he’d been slapped in the face. “You aren’t currently dating anyone, yes? From what I recall, Avery was your last relationship, ended four months ago.”
Sherlock unlocked their flat and held the door open, “Please get inside.” He knew John was about to start belting and he didn’t want to alert the neighbors.
"And I need you now tonight. And I need you more than ever. And if you only hold me tight. We'll be holding on forever." John softly sang the words and he bobbed his head to the tune. He actually hated Total Eclipse of the Heart, but it was stuck in his head since he heard it play in a cab's radio earlier. He'd been humming a lot of little love songs like that around Sherlock over the past week, hoping to maybe put it in Sherlock's mind to start thinking of him in that manner. But Sherlock took it as the opposite.
John let out a laugh at Sherlock’s reaction. “Forgive me, but I’m only being honest. It’s my favorite way to wake someone up, so I sincerely hope you’re a heavy sleeper. That just gives me all the more reason to do it.” He winked.
John was silent a moment, guilt rising up in him. “Six.” He sighed out the number. “I’m sorry, Harry. I really am. I want to make things better, I’ve always wanted to make it better.”
Molly couldn’t help but to smile. He rarely did it, but when Sherlock complemented something, she knew it was genuine. Had he said this a few years ago, she may have giggled. But the ring on her finger and her fiancée sitting across from her lessened the effect it might have had. “When did you realize this?”
Her hair was only halfway down her neck, not even touching her shoulders. There was a natural waviness to it that made Sherlock wonder what John would look like with longer hair. She wore a floral button-up that she tucked into the front of her dark jeans. It accentuated her proportions quite well and made her seem taller than John, even though she was a tad shorter.
"When our truth is burned from history. By those who figure justice in fond memory, witness me. Like fire weeping from a cedar tree. Know that my love would burn with me, or live eternally. 'Cause there's no better love. That beckons above me, there's no better love. That ever has loved me, there's no better love. So darling, feel better love." Short runs littered John's song, each one making Sherlock fall deeper and deeper into his trance. John didn't even know it but in this moment he completely owned Sherlock. He silenced the mind of a genius and forced him to the mercy of his still body. Sherlock felt everything. Every thrill, hair on end, shiver, his skin crawling from him and yearning for the other, he was helpless to the things John's voice did to him.
Sherlock huffed. “Something more, you know this! If it was only friendly I wouldn’t’ve called. You’re intelligent, Molly, be more confident in your deductions.” His tone was borderline scolding.
John kept his face pressed against Sherlock and found himself struggling with his own desires. His tongue was tightened to a point, making it smaller and easier to take. He wanted to shove the entire relaxed muscle into Sherlock. He wanted to make the man above him wail and tremble. He decided to test the waters by slowly relaxing his tongue, hardly giving Sherlock a stretch.
Sherlock never liked the idea of someone knowing him so intimately. But John did. Not only did he know Sherlock, but he showed off his knowledge by ordering takeaway ahead of time. Sherlock shouldn’t be happy about that, he should be uncomfortable. But he wasn’t.
John let out a laugh and he shook his head. “Sherlock, I’ve seen you deduce entire life stories, and you can’t figure this one out?”
His smile spread at thinking about the ship's recent visit to Starbase 168. Squeezed his legs together a little at the memory of the night he'd been able to steal away with Chin there while Connor was at a sleepover in the holodeck.
Sherlock lowered his voice for John. His few words only for John. "Your kills." John had been beautiful flinging fire at the alphas that dared come into their valley, and threaten their home and family.
Almost four decades before, three Khans from Earth's insane history, Mr. Mott emphasized the word insane three times with only a small hiss as John cleaned a wound, had shown up on Earth with a Breen fleet, insanely advanced technology, and destroyed Starfleet bases around Earth orbit, the Moon, and Mars. They simultaneously released a recombinant virus that dropped Andorian reproduction rates to nothing without Breen intervention, and announced they'd seeded Vulcan with planet killing bombs. In return for a case by case cure and the promise not to blow up Vulcan, the Khans claimed a massive chunk of the Federation connecting back to Breen space.
She couldn't read their minds. She couldn't hear them saying anything really. They were looking at her, but she couldn't tell what they thought. She'd felt alone in a crowded room. She'd heard that Betazeds who lost the ability to hear thoughts were subject to depression. Subject to suicidal ideation.
Donovan wrestled him through a door. The holosuite. They walked into a simulation of sickbay. Julian was waiting. "Yeah," said Donovan. "Dick also didn't know just how many places we've set up for to turn Julian on." She pointed at Julian. "No fucking jokes."
Sherlock looked at Finney's spindly legs and cane. "Fine. I suppose I can carry you," because he was not going to be slowed down to whatever pace Finney ended up going.
Sherlock fell back on his charts. The highest probability was John as wicked lab assistant, who needed to be punished with a spanking for leaving the lab equipment dirty. This was closely followed by wanton Sugar Baby, who flirted with Sherlock's colleagues before requiring some form of public coitus upon the lab equipment, which seemed a bit contradictory to Sherlock.
They moved the party over to an open air veranda under rioting flowers. John lay down on a long padded bench overlooking the view of volcano and surging sea. He beckoned to Sherlock. "Here, boy, come lie beside me."
The fires devouring the towers of fair Illium, of Troy, had burned out weeks ago and grown dark as the last heroic Mycenaean ship left heavy on the water, full of treasure and Trojan slaves.
A long term role as Soo-Lin, an engineer, was one thing. All she'd been was herself with a different name and a slightly altered appearance. She had her true name and face back, but for all she'd chaffed for more responsibility before she'd left, now she wanted nothing more than to have time to think in a lab.
Sherlock could not contain himself. The internal release – normally harder to tease out – coming like a nova. Hands tugging in love's hair and crying laughter. But that wasn't what Sherlock ached for. Needed.
What she said was a disappointment. "I don't really know much. She was kept separate from us most of the time. From anyone really. She could read minds just by being near you. Euros was about a year older than us. Mummy mixed in genetics from a variety of psychic races to create her. She was the only one of hundreds of attempts that survived gestation. But then," she glanced at Sherlock, "so were we. Even Mycroft took several dozen tries."
He also, because he certainly had plenty of time to think about it, came to understand that desire was formed in the mind. He had to wonder what it said about him that even as he was, desire infused him without the excuse of being embodied.
Sherlock turned and turned looking at the sharply serrated mountains around them. "That way!" He pointed. He was either reading the terrain or remembered something. He didn't explain. Either way, they headed towards a set of canyons between towering cliffs of blue ice.
John tapped next to his eyes to indicate her eye color. "You changed your eye color while on board, which was smart. You changed your face. I've looked at pictures of the real Soo-Lin Yao. You look nothing like her. So if you didn't change your face to look like her, what's left is you changed it to not look like yourself. Which fine, that last bit was Sherlock ranting at me after all I told him about the differences in your appearance. After he heard you went to the other bird of prey on Ligos VII, but didn't take off your helmet when talking to us. Not that Mycroft was any help explaining things."
As Martha stood in the transporter pad, spray bottle at the ready, she had to hope that Sherlock had things in hand down on the planet, because there was only so much they could do up here.
Which since he'd been slowly communicating with an away team from the Bakerstreet via Morris code as to their status using the surface fans was not entirely a good thing.
Gender pronoun for both of them is a state of mind here. John et all use pronouns based on what type of ring Augments have opted to wear to indicate their own perceived gender. If I pretended they forgot that particular cultural tradition, I get to use different pronouns to help differentiate them. If only, he and they. And where it fails (because darn that's hard), well, maybe it's memory peaking through.
Sherlock said, "I see you've completed what you set out to do in sickbay." Another cut. Another sharp thunk. The blade embedded in the board.
Sestre stood up. "I am well, Father. Ishrob and Shroleb took good care of us while we had no memories."
Donovan said, "We're not grups. We're from the Federation. Do you know what that is? What happened here? Are you a grup?"
John hated to say it, but he had to. "We can't both go. There's still too many controls offline up here. What if we black out again when the energy field is turned off? We need as many systems online as we can get."
"Yes," said Bihr, because Khel and Shroleb in any reality would do all they could to protect their children.
"Not particularly full up on sympathy just now, and as to the locations," John smiled. Sherlock saw him in multiple profiles as he looked at Sherlock's body, at the communicator though which he's been speaking, and Sherlock looked down from cameras on the ceiling. That smile was full light. Full of hope. Humor. Determination. "Nothing else on just now."
"That would be a no," said Sally, who was enjoying this just a bit. The rush of adrenalin that came from a mission. Staying one step ahead. "Fucking moron. I showed up and all he could focus on was insulting me."
He might have a killer in him, but that history was in him too. Still honesty compelled him to say, "It was mostly Sherlock. I followed him around and shot at Borg once things got…"
He pounced on that source. Soon they were grappling with each other. Scratching. Teeth scraping skin. Catching moans with mouths. John pushing back against Sherlock. Thundered against the naked steel of the outer hull wall. There was no sound in space. Although, anyone standing near the door would have heard their shouts and groans. The sound of their bodies slamming rhythmically against the bulkhead.
His sigh earned him a kiss on top of his head, and arms that pulled him in for a snuggle against Sherlock's warm chest.
"I am not interested in minute details. I wanted to ask why. What do you get out of such activities? Is it because Hunter programmed you to do so?"
She'd been a racing pilot out of Alpha Centauri and it showed in the casual way she made her corners just a bit too tight.
"It's metal. They let you come through with a metal object. We can… actually I don't know if we can smelt that down and make things out of it, but we can try. Also, what temple?" asked Mollyhoo. "None of us came through a temple. Didn't you come through the science facility built into the Calla Valley Dam?"
Tevek looked dubiously at the floor. "I do not think the Klingons clean the air filters." He rubbed his lobes. "Doctor Govin says that my hearing is fine, but I know I can hear ringing."
"You don't," said Mollyhoo, "Someone on the other side needs to activate it and bring you out. And we couldn't go even then." She sighed, "The preparation treatment protects us from the time dilation effect from how the Atavachron works, but it means we can never go back." She looked at the blond woman. "Sarabeth, they weren't prepared."
The children all said, "Welcome, Connor." Everyone's expressions were very intense. It made Connor feel strange.
"Good!" said Korg. "Let the discussion of broken family honor stay in the family. Nothing to do with us."
Which was true. But Sherlock couldn't relax at that comforting thought. Far too many vectors were converging on the situation.
Killian sighed and extended the date range. Hudson had been picking the same spot every time for the last four and a half years. Although, he reflected, eventually they'd get to the end of the five year mission, and put an end to that one way or another.
"Yes. No." She sighed. "There's no time to explain. There are intelligent creatures on this planet, which… it doesn't matter. One of them is injured and Billy is down there. He sent me to get you."
But Billy was Connor's parent. Not the other way around. The communicator was their only hope now that Captain Holmes had failed to keep them safe.
Sherlock inhaled again. His hips moving restlessly up above the water. His precious cock, somewhat smaller given Sherlock's current age, peeked pale periscope above the warm water.
Instead, they made it to the sea, where Sherlock jumped into the waters. John hadn't been entirely clear what Sherlock had intended for this portion, but as it turned out there were a pod of dolphins that quickly carried them out into the sea where a giant clam shell waited for them to climb into. John clambered on wet and salty. His question of "What's going on?" was genuine, as he waited for this fantasy's secret.
"Perhaps what has been paired may be paired anew," said Dionysus, who tossed their hair over their shoulder.
John sat down on a pillar that had toppled and was now halfway sunken into the soil. Sherlock curled up and laid his head in John's lap. John stroked his hair. Rubbed his back. Whispered, "It's fine. It's all fine. We know they survived. Had children of their own. We'll figure something else out. We always do."
That particular Jeffries tube was too small for Hudson, Lucy, or John to go through. The Ferengi, arguing over how they'd use their latinum, may not have heard them discuss what to do now, but the children did.
He certainly didn't expect to be confronted by a nearly empty room with only two occupants. The temple was different. More ornate. Full of sparkling panels that displayed shifting images.
"The Breen gave broad parameters, but I chose the genetics to use," said Mummy. They shook their head. "Sherlock, everything I have done for you has been to ensure your survival when the moment came." Mummy sighed. "You speak as if it is easy even with the Breen’s technology to create a child, when you know very well it is not. Especially one like yourself with only Augment Superior parents. I tried hundreds of times and failed for each of you. Of all my children, it had to be you. There is... a recording."
John smiled at him. He was such a child sometimes, then stopped the thought. His main goal wasn't all these kids or getting the Andorians back on track to not dying. "Anyway, they um… helped me and uh," he squinted at Trois Primus, "There's more um… plan and stuff. You should get them here and give them everything they need. Nicely. Kay."
That changed with the sudden drop in the oxygen levels when Finney had been taking his daily stroll around the perimeter, which might have killed the old man if he hadn't taught drills at the academy for what to do during sudden losses in cabin pressure. What to do in case of oxygen deprivation.
Like listening to Donovan telling her that she should relieve herself of duty for the good of the crew.
"My apologies. I am your ancestor. Grendel. One of Khan Brittanus' people. But this is the not the place for this conversation," said Grendel. John hung back a bit as the alpha tapped a control on a door and it opened up on a sort of eighteen hundreds silk explosion of a room. "Come in. Let's be comfortable while we get to know each other."
"I don't know. I got to be amazing. That was nice. But consider me distracted." John stripped. After a moment of thinking, difficult with all his blood rushing into his genitals, he put on his own collar. Just in case.
Warning: This scene involves references to times in the past Billy was tortured by Colonel Green's men, and some current waterboarding.
John put his hand over his belly, already noticeably firm and slightly round with their growing litter. John bared his teeth, but stayed away from the pit. That was good. Omegas could lose their young if they were exposed to the scent of an adult alpha who had not bred with them. The juvenile and the sick alpha were fine, their scents wouldn't affect John, but this was a healthy mature adult. There was nothing weak in her pheromones at all.
Not when his source clearly indicated that there were Federation scientists studying plate tectonics on the same world. As if there was a profit to be had in the movement of rocks. Rule 23. "Nothing is more important than your health… except profits."
A military secret that had Father Noonian seething in admiration at the strategic power of the Federation, while Father Meiying commented that of course an Augment's role was suppressed. Mummy merely staid, "He could have been killed."
Sherlock extended the investigation into Sholto himself. Sholto had requested the transfer to teach at the Academy the same year John had been accepted as a new student. The reason for Sholto's transfer was not precisely the one rumor had assigned. Although, certainly a relationship with a student had been involved.
"Sherlock's an adult Alpha." Lucy lowered her voice, embarrassed to have to say this despite being a grown woman with a child. "His pheromones could trigger you to go into heat."
Everything resting in the power of his decisions. Except the one decision that should have been allowed John.
"You're their kidnappers," said Connor with the absolute moral conviction of a fourteen year old. "Of course, they don't think of you as family. Mum and I are the only ones that are closely related. Everyone else is," he shrugged, "like Doctor Watson."
Vesha grumbled something inaudible then said more loudly, "What she said is that when we go into heat this winter, we'll try to get to the alphas again."
"No," she rattled the table again. "It would have crushed him. He cared about everything and everyone, and why can't people understand it was just a mistake. He was trying to save people. That's why I had to do it. It's why. No, no, no. He was my daddy."
John glared at the alpha. "Take me to Sherlock." Then in case yet they were a typically inbred Superior. "Or he will be very annoyed with you," and raised his eyebrows to let them reflect on what that meant.
"That is how I know that this is for a significant event," said Elim with a little smirk. A tilt of a smile that implied he already knew everything. A technique that might work to elicit confidences if the recipient were anyone other than Mycroft. "You've told me nothing. Haven't bothered to lie at all." Then all business, Elim explained the best methods to care for the folds in the fabric. The proper method to wash it – sonic bath, never water. There were a few subtle – really Elim was an artist – comments designed to elicit information in the form of instructions.
John should help. He should do more than lift his hips and let Sherlock free him of his clothes. Let Sherlock slide those wonderful strong hands over his skin. Increasingly rapid breathing responding to those clever lips dropping kisses along John's chest. Suddenly needing all the oxygen in the room. Needing to forget breathing as they traded air from each other's mouths.
Julian looked down and fiddled with a hypospray. Again, interesting, given that was a response to nervousness that Julian could not feel. A ploy for his systems to determine a response. Same result.
She looked down at a monitor and spotted her captain crossing a fallow field followed by a positively ancient old man. An old man that she had actually met and remembered given he'd been the one who'd sprung her out of Adam's chamber of horrors.
"So we can defeat out enemies and complete our quests," said Thil, his antennae standing up proudly. His twin, Shor, looked at them carefully from Thil's right hand side.
"Good thinking," said Lestrade. He outlined a frankly horrifying plan for Bihr to infiltrate the palace of the Imperial Prince ruling Andor, where all the Andorian shen were being kept as servants. Hostages against rebellion by the greater Andorian population."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. The cave system was extensive. He'd intended to explore it more fully, but everything had kept him busy. There had been no time to explore the sections with sudden drops and sheer cliffs. He knew when he saw Marymor slide into a crevice between the rocks that she had kept looking.
"That you didn't tell me my in-laws are..." John wasn't sure how quite to sum up the sum of what they were.
"But if I don't, then I'll never get to hear the end of the story." Euros looked down. Her hair swept over her face. "Please, tell me the end."
Billy kept up a steady murmur of comfort. Hudson went to sit on the other side, giving the boy a steady stream of, "I'm sure they would never hurt a child, dear. Not if they're not monsters."
"I know what you need to do," said Sherlock looking brilliant, hair everywhere, and his scent everything John needed.
John couldn't help but wonder what demons had driven Yao to do what she'd done. He supposed he'd never know. Just as he'd never understand what had driven Harry. Not really.
Since they could not very well meet on each other's ships, Sherlock and Chin met at the party on Benecia. Withdrew from the bonfires on the shore up to a further place on the beach.
Connor's expression closed down. "You mean to meet with Chin Singh. Soo-Lin. Whatever her name is for another um… booty call."
Sestre frowned as he slowly pushed the controls. The tricorder hummed and whirred as the sound got louder. Sestre said, "It is solid rock. I don't see any sign of electrical signals within the wall."
"My point is that given your resemblance, and the comments in your record about your extreme arrogance..."
"Mmm… yeah, that's where I developed my priest kink." John ran his fingers over his cock, already semi-hard again. "Please. It'll feel so good. You'll feel so tight inside me. Please," he arched his back, feeling the need to move, "fuck me. I need it."
"John is an excellent doctor." The arse looked John in the eyes. "The bravest and kindest and wisest Human being I have ever had the good fortune of knowing." Sherlock sipped his tea. "I am a ridiculous man. Redeemed only by the warmth and constancy of his friendship." Another sip. "A testament to his parents no doubt."
Sherlock glared at the force field separating him from Lurin. Since he couldn't very claim John as his spouse, given John's current appearance, he said, "He's my son. John Watson II. Keep your filthy Ferengi hands off him."
Sherlock dropped his voice. Deeper and deeper, as he described the detritus of the spores he'd collected from his uniform after being transported by Gomtuu. Their properties. The precise sensation of transportation.
John was too far to get the jump on the Ferengi. John rapidly switched gears. "I've been hiding. Please, I don't feel well. I need to get to sickbay."
"No, he was trying to help me get off planet." Bihr tapped her collar. "It didn't work. I'm sorry. I thought you'd want to know someone out there thinks about you. I…" it was a risk given how badly she was already doing, "I met Khel and Shroleb too."
John gave him the injection that would keep his own body from attacking their children. They couldn't all survive. Not that many, but if one, just one survived, it would be a miracle. Mummy had had a miracle with Mycroft. Sherlock could have a miracle.
Rows of prisoners and guards flowed around the shuttle. By Sherlock's calculations, all of the residents of penal colony and the asylum.
"Six months, maybe," said LaForge, which had Lestrade sighing in relief. That meant he could have ships, real ships in three months. Maybe two.
Lucy groaned. "Eva, honey, what have we talked about? Gender can be fluid. Flopsy could be an omega girl or a boy, neither, or both. It has nothing to do with what's between their legs."
John sat in the only chair facing the desk. It was that or remain standing, and he'd be damned if he's stand at attention for Killander.
Prince Whatever tapped through some controls to show the crew manifest with his own smiling face listed as Captain Moriarty. "I am the captain. This is a mission that the Romulans are doing their best to subvert."
John woke up in a white room full of beeping machines. He woke to an audience and not a small one. Some twenty plus Breen wearing black armor with piping in varying colors and hues faced him like a swarm of colorful insects.
John insisted that he choose and design the scenario, not keep having John design them based on parameters from Sherlock.
John's heart still ached from his failure to save his children from their fate using the Guardian of Forever. Months searching for it. Only to have the Guardian tell him that the point in time that his children had gone back to was too unstable to allow him to follow. That he would be unable to force Sherlock to do what they should have done in the first place.
The ice was full of enemies. Giants running across the ice in armor, who streamed around them. The giants didn't matter. What mattered was the treasure.
Sherlock growled at the alpha. He pulled himself up to his full height and bared his teeth. John was silent, but he held his spear at the ready. The alpha moved behind Sarabeth, grinning. A form of bared teeth.
John took off his mask, fluffed his hair for maximum baby bird effect, and went inside. He brightly told the guards, "I'm looking for my Mummy." He spotted Owen Tregennis. "Mummy!"
"Mr. Melas," said Sherlock as sharp and snotty as any teen, and as if they hadn't just gotten up to non-heat related extraneous activities, "your crew mates have been kidnapped by unknown life forms, who are controlling their actions. Who gain power and energy from the adoration of Humans. Perhaps the idea of remaining here is appealing to you. Ruling at Apollo's side, as the rest of us take up herding goats. But I think that if they were in their right minds, the rest of the crew would disagree."
"Now, now," said Culverton. "That's not how it works. You wanted to be captain and I made you a captain. I know you want someone to do the dastardly for you, but you need to wait."
"I believe so. Although, after a thousand years as pure mental energy, that blurred. Was irrelevant."
"I didn't see no dick Victor making you fuck me on your throne as if I was nothing. Here I go to all this trouble to kill him, make our dreams come true, and you don't appreciate it." John put his face in his hand, because he really couldn't keep going while not-Sherlock was pacing faster and faster just like Sherlock. "I took great personal risk to make that happen and you didn't even deduce what I was doing. I don't think you care."
"By kidnapping them," said Connor flatly with all the scorn that at a twelve year old could muster, which was a lot. "Enslaving them. Calling them Inferior. Not to mention any of the ones that aren't from England, North America, or Brittan aren't being returned to their families. If my friend my Eva had been on that shuttle, where would you have taken her? I was what… a KB19. Khan Brittanus. She's from South Africa. Would you have put a number on her arm?"
Sherlock materialized in the relay station. A bare room with a few controls. A narrow viewing port on the colorful atmosphere outside. Its sole purpose was to, at the name implied, relay signals between Federation worlds.
Which wasn't fair. She hadn't meant for anything to happen the way it had. She hadn't meant… she'd only wanted.
There was a box that John very much did not want to discuss with Sherlock under his bed. The time to have discussed that box had been when John confronted Sherlock over the whole holodeck thing. Admitted to his own lack of complete honesty and moved on.
"Oh, did you follow the plot line about the immigrant lovers," Lucy clutched her own souvenir, a wide gold cup. "They were exiled from China, after crossing the pirate queen Chin Singh of the Bloody Hands, and needed our help finding the kissing cups of the pirate queen, who allowed nothing to get in the way of marrying her lover. Not even… John are you listening?"
Lucy stepped forward, narrowing the range on her phaser fire. "Get away from my daughter!" The creature shuddered, but still came closer.
She looked John in the eyes. He kept his gaze steady until she lowered the phaser. She flung it away from herself and staggered two steps back.
She had nothing to fear from a feradon. She'd survived one before. She was an Augment Superior. She was not a child. Her ability to heal was fully mature. She'd already healed so many injuries.
Sun Liu wasn't a child. She was well past her doctoral defense. She'd gone into heat once in her twenties and that had been enough. A quiet career at university and then the wondrous opportunity to explore the stars. To be at the cutting edge of her field. It had come with dangers, but polywater had brought out the painter in her. She and Owen had spent hours making clouds and forests. Sex Pollen had resulted in heavy giggling over cracks in a wall with Khatri. Nothing worse than late night study sessions and a medicinal in her under graduate years.
Mycroft's reaction was simply perfect. He didn't pause in buttering his toast. The lovely scratching glide of knife on hard surface. He didn't say anything so gauche as, "Why should there be a war?" He didn't pick a weak lie such as, "They'll do nothing. They are perfectly happy to keep their current borders." He buttered his toast and said, "Out of a deep affection for the people of Earth, they'll declare it and any place with Humans living therein, which as we know is everywhere,"
Garak wrapped the tape around Sherlock's waist and hummed. "He's come by the station before. When you were a more frequent visitor. An interesting gentleman." Garak measured Sherlock's chest. He really was a tailor given the tiny needle marks on the pads of his fingers, the small tufts of thread clinging to his trouser legs, and the speed with which he was measuring Sherlock's body, but he also hadn't turned his back once to the open door.
Sherlock felt off balance. As if his center of gravity had lowered from his chest and into his abdomen. He found that his hand was pressed to the silk draped over his chest.
"Yes, Mum." Connor briefly burrowed into Billy's side before getting the disruptor, undrawn, from the belt of the first dead Klingon.
"Was the prince who gave himself a promotion to Khan also a secret?" asked John as he checked a teenage Telarite's fever.
Martha sipped from her sweet little china cup. She'd been particular about taking the one with the lilies as it was her favorite. "
At the reception, Elise stood up and said, "My father read this poem by John Donne in honor of my marriage, and I found when it came time to write this speech, I turned to it as well." She raised one hand in declamation. "Now, as in Tullia’s tomb, one lamp burnt clear. Unchanged for fifteen hundred year, May these love-lamps we here enshrine, In warmth, light, lasting, equal the divine. Fire ever doth aspire, And makes all like itself, turns all to fire,               But ends in ashes; which these cannot do, For none of these is fuel, but fire too. This is joy’s bonfire, then, where love’s strong arts. Make of so noble individual parts. One fire of four inflaming eyes, and of two loving hearts." She raised a glass of champagne. "To Sherlock and John."
Donovan sighed and ran after him. Which left John with a bit of a choice, but really terrified kid in a closet had to win out here. He asked, "Do you know where building 346 is?"
"John Hamisha Watson, that's between Harry and Clara." Then abruptly switching course, Mum said, with an arched eyebrow, "Although, I'll note, that costume never did reappear in the prop box. Hand made by your grandmother, too." She sighed. "Now there was a pirate queen. She brought the house down on Betazed. I had hoped to play there at least once."
Bihr twitched her antennae in acknowledgment and pushed the bin into the lift. Even the service exit from the palace was grand. A human guard acknowledged her as she went out the wide door, but Eshess had been right about the force field. A mild yellow glow curved over the entire facility keeping out the environment beyond.
Genotype information is information about your genetics. There are about 1.5 millions SNPs (single nucleotide polymorphisms) in your genetic code that make you (genetically speaking) you.
"No," said Odo. "I waited for you to betray yourself." He looked up. "Doctor, did you find what you suspected?"
Then as the more time that went on, as she made friends on the ship, fell in love with Billy, the less certain she was that she wanted what her parents wanted. Wanted an empire. It did make her wonder just what shape her life would have taken if Victor had lived.
And just to be clear, unlike in Rascals, they're not 12. Feel free to imagine each one of them as slightly different ages within their teens that makes you the most comfortable.
"My operational design hasn't really been very helpful to you over the years." He said ruefully. Almost as if he were a real person.
Once she had a tricorder hidden in a compost bin, she volunteered to take the cart out to the above ground facility. Eshess told her, "Doing extra won't gain you their favor. They only know how to take."
A week of John's scent filling their quarters. Their bed. Luxurious. Rich. With a touch of sultry umami. Rubbing against the walls. Constantly leaning against chairs and raising his pert posterior in Sherlock's direction. Being extremely unsubtle about what he wanted from Sherlock.
Someone dropped a pot holding a covered candle. Flames bloomed in grease spilled from a pot and spread to the dry grass mats. Kenner was lying open eyed and dead on the ground amid the flames.
"Although," said Hudson, "It was certainly worth a visit," tapping her forehead, smiling. "It is wonderful to come back home." She took a ginger step forward. "And I don't have to heal a nasty break that this body never had. Only the ones I've earned with this one."
When he was finally taken to be questioned, John said, "They're from Beta Aurigae. We're just giving them a ride home."
"Yeah," said John, who kicked the wall. Yelled inarticulately and threw a metal tray across the room.
"Where?" yelled Sherlock as he picked up Finney and jumped out the window onto the next roof. He ran at first wildly away, and then in the direction Finney told him.
"We can smell them," said Billy. He wanted to race ahead of Soo-Lin, but she put her hand on his shoulder. "It's probably best if I go first. We don't know what we'll find."
The Captain said, "Captain Sisko, as I've said before, this is a matter for Internal Affairs. My preference would be for all of the suspects, including your Doctor Bashir, to be brought into custody and questioned by myself and Lieutenant Palmer to maintain confidentiality."
John said, "She's stable. She inhaled a lot of the gas, but she'll survive." He rubbed his eyes. Her bondmates are waiting outside with their kids."
His mate's breath caught in his chest in a tiny gasp. His body clenched, drawing another release. Slumping forward. Covering Sherlock like a blanket. His mate's scent growing richer. Drunk on scent and sensation, Sherlock couldn't resist delicate nips.
Watson said as calm as if he was walking through on the Bakerstreet with friends, "You have T'ka condition. Not uncommon in Vulcans living below ground. An hour a day under a red sun lamp and two cc of copper, and the rash on your arm will clear up. So, when she say's I'm a doctor, believe it."
The rest of the pride were busy. Some of them coupled with each other. Some with the ones they'd chosen as mates. Some as desire took them. Staying near the places Sherlock had marked. Only Sarabeth stayed near. Nuzzling and suckling Mollyhoo's bared breasts. Licking hardened nipples. Whispering, "Love you, baby."
Julian laughed. "Your temper certainly is still in there." He put his hand on John's shoulder. "Unfortunately, there's very little I can give you to ease your symptoms."
"Brother dear, the Federation and by extension Starfleet is not the government with which I have any measure of authority. Although, I do have my instructions from Mummy."
"Fuck, your voice is gorgeous. I could get off just listening to you talk, but," another wide eyed kiss, "let's not try that this time."
"Of course you're not going to have sparkles," said Connor, with a sniff and a toss of their hair. "Your name should be Protector, because you've got a weapon," they waved at the phaser in Protector's holster, "Anyway, I can smell you stand up here all the time and make sure people stay safe."
"Too bad there's no doctor on board to see if that was too high a setting, but," he wrinkled his nose, "I blew the other doctor up." He giggled and held up his hands. "I was even hands off on dealing with Doctor Watson."
He'd lick his lips and swallow. Feel the air shift with the scent of his own arousal. Sherlock would stare at him like an actor with stage fright and not make a move.
Ishros held her and Shroleb kissed her cheek while she remembered her parents. Placed a drop of blood in a glass of water. Carried it to the altar they had erected in their quarters. She said, "Uzaveh the Infinite watch over them," and tried to believe it.
John did not fail to notice that he was smiling all the time. That maybe he referred to his husband all the time. That everyone was giving them indulgent, if occasionally in the case of meetings in the ready room, wary, smiles.
Although, given their recent use, she insisted he do the honors of removing the external silicone sheath with the school's single exacto knife. Not his best surgery, but once done they had two working receivers and a fairly sophisticated transmitter that could be programmed to voice commands. Provided those voice commands were in Latin, which both John and Lucy were familiar enough with given their medical, botanical, and joint enjoyment of the Harry Potter books.
Ceti III had been the next stop made by the Enterprise after it delivered its supplies to Taurus IV. It was possible that was what had drawn Sholto's attention to Karidian Watson in the first place.
They lost seconds. Minutes. A good deal of the trail was well trampled snow. "Which way do we go?" John asked.
While the cock chimes gently tinkled in the programmed breeze, John pounded into his very flexible teenage husband, until he shouted John's name. Both when Sherlock came and when John, no knot to hold them together, pulsed inside him.
The door opened. Sherlock was standing, but he wasn't in uniform. He was wearing a flowing green silk robe over black leather trousers and a waist cinch that managed to expose and conceal Sherlock's body simultaneously.
Lethe said, "Although, really, it was my good fortune that the Bakerstreet chose to send down someone who'd been previously been conditioned by the neural neutralizer. The more exposure, the quicker the subject is to take suggestions. Otherwise, I wouldn't have been able to progress this far with her in so short a time. But enough chit chat. Harry, I'm your sister. You remember that right. All the fun we had growing up. All the peaceful memories. Join me. We have important work to do out there bringing warmth and light into people's lives."
Mollyhoo drank her wylla bark tea. Good for the sort of aches that came of a well lived life. Sooner than they would have in the future. Longer really than was probable given the level of technology. Sarabeth was sleeping. She was recovering well from the surgery to remove the lump in her left breast, but still it had taken a great deal out of her.
When the other the versions of them heard the answer, they jumped back through the still open portal with an airy, "Off to the future."
He blandly said, "I know," because he had been there when Sherlock came up with the method based on something John had said, and then they'd taken out the giant amoeba together.
"Will Mama Bihr be okay?" whispered Shor. At eleven, he was too big, too aware of his dignity, for Shroleb to gather into his lap.
Sherlock would gladly spend the rest of his life in a body not his own if it meant finding John. For that matter, Hudson, Billy, and Connor were part of his crew. Part of his life on the Bakerstreet.
Martha had been so excited when she woke up that morning. Her girls were higher and more pert than they'd been in years. She could wear heels without pain. She could lift her leg up next to her head while wearing heels. She could do cartwheels. Splits. She'd wanted to celebrate.
His heart roaring in his ears, Sherlock kept speaking. Facts. Observations. Deeper and deeper, until his voice was half purr and half rumble.
Sherlock allowed a grin to spread across his face. "A privateer. He had a letter of marque from the queen."
He looked at it in dismay. He tried to keep a positive attitude, but this was a bit much. "This can't be your office." He tried to imagine speaking with a patient in this gray room and simply failed. Utterly failed.
"Please, you abandoned Mycroft without a thought." Sherlock repressed his own understanding that he hadn’t given a thought when he’d carried John through the portal. He remembered that much.
"I have no authority outside the Royal Seraglio, but I'm sure grandfather will agree that," Owen looked her over narrowly, "it's in all our best interests for the Prince's mood be lifted by the return of his favorite. He's disdained every other pet insisting that he have his John or nothing."
Harry, who on one of John's breaks from school had tearfully begged their parents to be allowed to transition to an alpha. That she felt like an alien in her own body. That she'd never wanted a gold gender ring. She wanted a silver ring. Before John could say anything, the conversation became yet another argument about whether or not John should stay at that medieval Catholic school. The only period in his life, he'd ever seen his parents argue.
The air was thick with the smoke of laurel leaves. Apollo kissed the smoke and sent it out over the wine dark waves that lapped upon the shore. Behind him, Ganymede's funeral fire gave up its last ember to burst into the night wept sky.
"I am aware of that fact!" His tone was sharper than he'd intended, but even with anger in his scent, Sherlock could smell John's arousal. Ever present. "But given how you keep interrupting me, I have to assume you don't want me to find out how to change you back. Do you want to stay like this?"
Bailey said, "It was as if he took an urban myth about Augments being sold into sexual slavery by pick your alien race, and then turned it into some sort of Augment plot. It was bizarre."
Sherlock looked at John worriedly. "Are you angry?" He had that brain racing to avoid consequences look.
Billy set the plates down on the table and listened to Connor chatter happily about his day at school. He and the other children had gone on a field trip with their holographic teacher to view a lesson on Humans first contact with the Vulcans on the holodeck.
"Lovely." John plucked the Horga'hn from Sherlock's grip and put it on a side table. He tugged Sherlock to his feet and led him to a cabana woven with rioting flower. Sherlock thought abstractly that the holodeck was doing an excellent job implementing his improvements for floral scents before John pushed him gently back onto the low wide bed in the cabana, and lay down next to him.
He put his hands on his mate's hips and thrust up into liquid velvet heat, while his omega shouted his approval. His face rosy with pleasure. His blue eyes wide and unfocused with release. His supple body moving up and down as he greedily impaled himself on Sherlock. Crying out once again as between them they managed to work Sherlock's knot fully inside him. His omega came. Squeezing Sherlock's prick and spattering come on Sherlock's chest with his own prick.
At least Mollyhoo had questioned everyone on their family medical histories as soon as she realized what was happening, and none of them had a family history for high order multiples, which was a relief about one thing at least.
Thil said, "If the colonists have stolen babies, then we have to return them." He looked at his twin. "Shor, it could be part of our adventure. You know, to get us ready to face evil Auntie Harry."
They had been at this for several months, when it occurred to John that he was picking all the holodeck programs. So he paused in the midst of chewing on a turnip and said, "You should pick what we do next. What are your kinks? What did you like with other partners?"
Sherlock didn't look at him so he could imagine John was already himself. "Fortunate, as I love you." They opened the panel that would allow them to manually open the door and headed in separate directions.
Mollyhoo examined his arm. She examined Fasha's arm. The cut was healed. Not even a mark that it had been there. Fasha still had a small cut.
Amazing Sparkles moved a little closer on that remark, which was lovely. Wonderful. He looked down at the outfit that his Master – possibly his spouse – definitely his lover – had placed on his body. Felt the tightness of the lacing holding him as if he were in a continual embrace. "You may address that question to the captain."
"Oi," said Prince Sparkles. He started to giggle. "What is Supersmart wearing? Is that his name Supersmart, because he's a super tart?"
Life had gone on.  Until some twenty years ago, the Khanate had exploded with activity. Beginning an outward expansion that had yet to stop.
"I'm seeing a pattern of energy pulses outside of the planet's background energy coming from Sigma VI," said Hunter.
Two weeks more weeks and new orders arrived. Killander's questioning had found sufficient issues with Sherlock, Soo Lin Yao, and Doctor Bashir's testimonies for them all to report for further inquiry on Earth.
John melted into the kiss. Thought whirling, tangling. He'd never been against the idea of children as a concept. Way back when he'd started at the Academy had figured that about now would be when he'd settle down and find a partner to maybe have a child with. For the last decade he had come up against the barrier that he needed to deal with that damn box first.
There were the cubes where the blastocysts had already attached, but beaming them back in wouldn't create an attachment. Far from it.
Nom sneered. "Rule 286. When there is no rule, make up a rule, and I say the rule of acquisition is there are no profits if your product kills you."
Sherlock was too late to stop Marymor and the first three alphas from crawling inside, even jumping from rock to rock. He snapped a tree limb and impaled one alpha, while smashing another's temple with a rock.
"Yes," said Prince Sparkles waving a finger in the air. "An evil Romulan. One of many seeded around the ship to create exactly this situation. You'd better go deal with him."
Bloody Hands could see that Redbeard had to have that treasure. All that was standing between him and getting it was that traitor Yellowbeard.
"When I think of that fucking bastard hurting Sherlock, torturing him, I just," John crossed his arms. Tears welled in his eyes. "If it wouldn't have destroyed the timeline, I would have killed Colonel Green."
He'd only completed five years of service. Not even a full ten. He'd be eligible for a Lieutenant's quarter credit pension. He supposed he could always fall back on the arts if he wanted to keep himself in bespoke clothing.
Connor's forehead crinkled. He liked studying, and running around in a dungeon adventure game could be fun too, but they weren't the only things he liked doing. He'd probably be accurate with a weapon. He didn't know. He said, "Sometimes, I play 3-D chess or make models with Sestre. He's my best friend." He felt it was worth adding, "Sestre is a Vulcan," so they could understand that if even a Vulcan had hobbies it was okay for them to have a hobby. Then for completism added, "I also have Andorian friends and Eva, whose an Augment. I met the Hortas when they were born. They're people made of rock."
Jovas said, "Kenner and I do not go through estrus, but the rest of the omegas here, not so much. When winter comes every alpha in the area, rutting animals, tries to get into the cave. At home, I'd have had the support of other omegas to help manage things. Ensured things were done the proper way. Managed the protection of the genome."
Sherlock's unwrinkled forehead folded in puzzlement before easing himself into the lapping water. If Sherlock thought he'd just been going to get a simple fuck for his birthday, then John was glad to disappoint him.
In the morning, she had John begin the process to reverse her re-alignment. She felt uncomfortable with an omega's scent. Without the fleshy ridge where her knot should be.
Sherlock had been right. All John needed was an adventure. Now Sherlock simply needed to ensure John didn't learn anything that would make him leave Sherlock.
He'd never objected to a scenario. As it was, his question a few weeks ago had bordered on dangerous territory. But it was worrying that he did not know how John's research was going. Through choice. He wanted to know. He did not want to know. Sherlock knew who and what he was.
Commodore Lestrade was there, but it could not be him. Far from the commanding presence she had encountered before, he was unshaven and rumpled. His stained clothing smelled strongly of visits through a sewer system. He said, "Any problems, Stonn?"
"Killander happened. Made me a… he thinks I was cured by Khan, who he doesn't think is ash, or Billy, who… it doesn't matter. I'm not being reassigned. I'm being put on inactive duty."
He passed Ms. Wora, one of the new geneticists on-board talking to Mr. Melas, their new Big Data Analyst technician. An unexpected side effect of John's study had been the flood of applications to join the crew from scientists with far more PhDs than John had years in Starfleet excited by the research they saw coming out of the Bakerstreet. John might have been intimidated at a previous point in his life, but by now he could swan by them in his current ridiculous outfit without turning a hair.
Harry put her glass down, not quite catching the edge of the table. It toppled over the edge and shattered. The strong scent of alcohol filled the air. She said, "The One More for My Baby number is like that. Glass everywhere." She started to climb up onto the table. "Let me show you."
"Yes," said Sherlock, who looked as cool as the arctic ice. "It is the closest planet along the surveyed routes."
"I'll let Chin know that my answer is yes. Once I know you're really settled into school." Connor nodded absently. He went to brush his teeth. His thoughts already focused on his plan of attack on the following day.
Ms. Hebron said, "Connor. Eva. Come stand by me." Connor took Eva's hand and they went to stand by her mother.
After all, as John had told him more than once, "It's not like we need to try to have children." Generally, while pregnant. After Sherlock failed at yet another method to prevent just that. Augments went into heat for three months every year in the winter. Unless on suppressants. Which always failed no matter what Sherlock tried. Since staying apart wasn't really an option.
They made themselves the meal their mother had made them when they were small, and papa was shouting.
Connor still had flowers in his hair from flinging them at the audience. Eva gave Lucy the rings on a pillow, saying, "Idiot rings, Mama."
"Seems reasonable," he agreed. Who was he to disobey such a delightful command? Especially when his master whispered about kilometers of legs and a lovely arse as he removed the clothing. With no command to remove it, he left on the cinch.
The principle Sherlock is trying to talk about here is using humidity to enable lower altitude plants to grow at higher altitudes. A good example of a people who really mastered this were the Incans (okay, they didn't call themselves that, but moving on) and a great site where they experimented with that technique was Tipon.
Cloning labs. Shipyards. That took heavy industry and the Klingons have been hitting the Cardassians pretty hard for over a year.
Hudson lay quietly on a bunk. He went to check her vitals. Her heartbeat was thready. She whispered, "I suppose this is why field work is left to younger agents. I'm not as young as I used to be."
He'd gone to swap out a nameless student in the 'Wicked Potion Master magics Philosopher's Stone' scenario for a simulation of Tadpole Phelps. If Sherlock agreed to take part in the scenario, he knew Sherlock would notice that one of the characters was now John's first fuck. Sherlock studied their scenarios backwards and forwards. He'd met Tadpole – admittedly as an adult with his consciousness uploaded into the body of an android.
"They tried," said Euros. She twisted her face into her shoulder. "But it hurt, and the telepath screamed and then Mummy had to kill him, because he was… he knew things."
"That your mum cooked up some amazing biology." John let out a breath. He brushed his hand along his neck where the marks were, "You know that we've occasionally, well, I… have been…"
Over the last few months, and really perhaps through much of the physical aspect of their relationship, he'd thought of John as a sort of embodiment of eros. John had a far greater level of sexual experience. Certainly a higher degree of sexual confidence. The way his very scent made Sherlock feel out of control. Overwhelming his senses, sensibility, and any training he'd been monotonously given by his parents.
Wilkes said, "He was quite violent before. Tried to kill me just because I didn't remember him from the academy. Seemed to think that Starfleet's policies unfairly privilege Augments. Gives them jobs they don't deserve while leaving real Humans behind in the mud."
When his knot released him, he crawled in between them. Nuzzling and licking everyone in the pile. Laughing in delight as John licked his cock clean.
In of itself, it was merely a world devastated by a nuclear winter. The sign of a species that had destroyed itself. Like many worlds across the galaxy. Mycroft had made something of a study of them.
Connor remembered the Dominion. It was hard not to. They'd tried to crush the Bakerstreet in an energy web. Gave the people on Auberj a plague and then bombed the planet just for not agreeing with them. And the Cardassian had done all sorts of horrible things to the people of Bajor. Eva had told him about it after visits to Bajor with her mom. Not nice people in alliance with not nice people. He asked, "We need to convince the Breen to help the Federation."
"That's right. For a solid, your sister has really interesting ideas. Thinks we should be playmates." His lips stretched. "Pals."
He found himself staring at his father and second guessing himself. Because his father was the same man he’d always been. Quieter. His mother acting more and more brittle. Talking faster and faster, as if to cover his father’s silence with words.
He said conversationally, "I never eat when I'm on a mission. Also," the first three rooms were empty, but the corridor on the left was redolent with John's scent, "I was a disembodied city once. Therefore I am not unsympathetic, but not sufficiently to allow you to stop me from finding John."
In friendships, people tried not to give their friends post traumatic stress flashbacks. Particularly refugees from another century who'd been rounded up for being an Augment.
As she entered, the monitor registered her bracelet. A computerized voice congratulated her on the best recorded time in the history of the race. Her bracelet, synced with the monitor, displayed a map of the cave and began to recite facts. She turned it off.
"You're about to tell me that what you inaccurately refer to as heavy cruisers attack the lining of your uterine wall to help the ovum to attach. I know. I've known for years. I corrected the errors in your report."
Stonn said, "I had not planned originally that we would get the benefit of these years in each other's company when I joined Starfleet. We have both benefited from Captain Holmes' lax regard for Starfleet protocol." It also went without saying that they'd benefitted from the lack of promotions that had come the way of the Bakerstreet crew.
John opened Sherlock's flies. Wrapped a silk handkerchief around his cock. "Been touched like this."
She put her hand on his face. "What's your face thinking? I can see it folding and folding, but I can't hear you under the silver lake. What's it thinking?"
"Straight up Prime fucking Directive stuff there," said Donovan, raising her phaser. "I will fucking stun the next person who behaves like an arsehole."
"We don't need a truce." Moriarty drawled. "More ships and more Jem Hadar will be here shortly. Don't you fret that pretty little face of yours." He stretched out a limb to slide a tendril down Damar's neck ridges. "You'll winkle."
He could have groaned when ten Breen materialized in front of them. He said, "Go away. You are too late to do anything useful."
"Do not think I will fall for this trick, human," said Nom, every suspicious, from his position by the door.
"I agree," said Protector, "as I said before Amazing whatever arrived. We need to lock down the lifts until we can be sure that there aren't boarding parties roaming the ship."
John found himself walking next to Sholto, who abruptly asked, "What are your earliest memories of your family? What about your Father's relatives? What do you know about them?"
Little Sherlock glanced back at Euros. He said very softly, "We could maybe play sometime." Then quietly followed his siblings.
"As I was saying," said Veema loudly. "You found out when you needed to go, and came here and now. A little the worse for making so many time jumps."
John woke from a fitful sleep to not-Ishros looming over him. "Did she know who you were? Did she betray the cause?" Not-Ishros kicked John, who had already felt like warmed over death, aching from what he was pretty sure was a flu. Probably caught at the conference and brought into a new reality. "Everyone knows you're the one who whispered in the Prince's ear. You’re the one who told him to round up the shen."
Sherlock looked shyly, the twinkling minx, down at the tiled floor. Small wonder given the pornographic mosaic there. "Sir, I'm clean. Where does master want to take me?" Shy, but moving to stand up. "Please, sir."
"Or, you brought someone back with you from the twenty-first century. Most likely, a British Augment, and given their higher level of augmentation, they cured you of your recent difficulties."
Fortunately, John had seen reason and agreed that it was really more Mummy's fault since they must have known John would be constantly in heat until his late teens as a result of carrying the genes for Juvenile heat syndrome. Sherlock had spent days examining the evidence and presented the results to John, heart pounding in his chest hoping against hope. John had kissed him and smiled and removed the various clamps and told him that they'd just have to think of something. His eyes shining with the belief that Sherlock could come up with a solution for this.
He let his eyes met John’s form, slowly raking over the other with the focus of a predator that was calculating an attack on it’s prey. He took in every detail and found that there was no inch of John that he found unattractive. Every part of the man before him was pleasing to the eye and that unnerved him. He’s never found someone to be so completely attractive before. To him, John had no real flaws, only little quirks that made him even more attractive. Like that stupid laughter line that was deeper than the other. That in particular he found to be overwhelmingly charming.
He lifted his hips off the pillow and used his knees to brace himself. The new angle let John’s fingers slide in a bit deeper to press harder against the spot. It also allowed Sherlock’s cock to easily glide across the pillow, giving him a bit of friction to soothe his aching hardness.
Sometimes he would stumble upon a song that would end up stuck in his head. He once spent an entire evening humming Boys Will By Bugs by Cavetown.
John understood and pulled away with a wicked grin. “You’re a ticking time-bomb. You’re all pent up, but I could help you find release.” He offered.
Now he’s gotten so confident he’ll walk right up to John and kiss his breath away just for the satisfaction of doing it.
Sherlock tugged at John’s hips and the blonde chuckled, “Oh, I don’t know. I think this is the part where you’d leave me alone.”
Typically, Sherlock was very cold and analytical towards physical beauty. He could recognize it from a scientific standpoint in both masculine and feminine body types. But with John, he found himself pleased with the other’s appearance on a deeper level than what he was used to. He didn’t just recognize his beauty, his beauty excited him.
He nodded. “I don’t see why not. You’ve met all my family, so I might as well meet your sister. She’s in a program now, yes? For her alcoholism?”
She serenely felt Donovan skulk back to her station. There was still plenty to do. The Breen were claiming the planet for mineral rights based on their treaty with the Federation, but the Federation couldn't just let them turn the Ferengi and Klingon prisoners into slave labor. But the Bakerstreet was certainly not equipped to handle them either. There would be a good deal of discussion until the relevant authorities arrived.
Bihr went inside and put away the bin. She noticed as she went that the wide elegant rooms above ground were not monitored and filled with all manner of works of art from across the galaxy. As if a hoarding cordu bird had grabbed every shiny object in sight. It was possible, she would be able to hide a device to replicate the ion storm's effect in plain sight.
Dionysus said, "We are alike in more ways than one. Hero, you have traits of both genders. Like myself, you were twice born. I see the marks of both births in your body and soul window eyes."
"Son, we know how hard it is to lose a child," said First Father. "You can try again." Which was not what Sherlock wanted to hear at all.
"Ha," grunted Constable Odo. "True. If all the sentient beings claiming to be from Corindium IV were actually from Corindium IV, then the population would have numbered in the billions." He eyed Sherlock suspiciously. "In my experience, it means the Commander has a secret."
"We should celebrate," said Dionysus. "Break open the casks of wine. Drink deep until there is naught but lees upon our lips and then begin again." They laughed and the sound made the hair on the back of Sherlock's neck stand up.
But Bihr had been assigned a task and she might not be brilliant or beautiful, but she finished what she was assigned to do. "He wanted me to tell you he loves you and holds you in his heart."
"Sort of," said Connor. "It was all kind of fuzzy. Like I was seeing everything through a greasy viewport and all I could think about was… well…" he blushed, which given the things he'd been shouting was a relief. "You know."
"We need make plans for what we'll do if this can't be reversed," said Julian. "I can cover all the duty shifts, of course, but your level of distraction has been very high, and your mood swings are not the best thing for patients."
He put his hand over the slight curve of his belly. Really just the curve of intestines. The hormones produced by the blastocysts were only just beginning to tell his long dormant uterus to expand and make a space for what might, just might grow there.
But really, with all the parallel Earths they'd encountered over the years with their variations on diseases caused by tinkering with human DNA, the longevity through the same, the idea that actual Augments had been engineered elsewhere wasn't that great a leap. And really, Sherlock thought even if Mummy hadn't explained it to him after he'd woken from his coma long ago, it should be obvious given that the Breen had sought Mummy and the others out. Like and unlike.
Lucy had given the keynote address at the conference, which had been amazing. She'd joked about completing her Masters in Biological Sciences while co-parenting raising a child and her search for understanding of her own roots. She'd interwoven this metaphor about roots and tree crowns and the branches in between. John knew she was getting offers to head departments from research institutes all over the Federation. With Eva getting older, John had to wonder how much longer Lucy would want to stay on the Bakerstreet.
"That was not the reaction I would have expected," said Killander sitting opposite him. "Tell me the truth. Where are you from?"
The Breen warbled at each other from the ground and didn't fire as they took off running out of the lift. Three corridors later and John still didn't quite know where they were. Billy tossed John the disruptor. "Will this disrupt the tracker?"
Sherlock waved that off as if it was nothing. As if it wasn't important. "I never would have wanted you to have to go through bearing children and the alternative is… I'm not asking my parents for help, but this alternative never occurred to me. To think that if Moriarty hadn't attempted to steal my body and Killander hadn't outright kidnap you, then we wouldn't have been transferred to survey this section while the Galaxy class ships were assigned to investigate piracy in that sector. Without all that, we wouldn't be here. A chaos theory of consequences, because it never would have occurred to me to reverse our genders. And…I could do it. I… my heritage aside… it's perfect."
A curl of the creature's rocky surface curled around the stone. It slid backwards into the tunnel carefully carrying both rocks.
The girl shook her head. "I'm not a grup. I'm an onlie." She softly touched the lesion on her hand with the tips of her fingers. Feeling out the shape. "Soon now, I'll be one of them."
Stung John said, "And there's the question of kids." He didn't want to deal with the box he'd been carrying. The baggage he was still dealing with over his father and Harry. John felt the guilty weight of all those data crystals, "It's hard to explain."
"Commander," said Hudson more seriously. "While you're on DS9, go to the tailor, and see about getting some off duty clothing. Tell him I recommended him."
Billy bent under Ms. Hudson's shoulder, helped her to her feet, and helped her take control of the engine room. Helped his own rescue.
Sherlock pulled away from John and slapped the water. John could feel him struggling for words. Hurting to express himself. John rubbed his shoulders. Untangled his hair.
Finally, they came to a narrow space where an Andorian, with a than's spicy scent, pointed a Klingon disruptor at them.
He was making up an exciting adventure in which the Lady of the Flowers punched Colonel Green in the nads, when the first of the little parasites Sherlock had fertilized decided to get with the program of stealing his body's nutrients by secreting protein digesting enzymes to burrow through the endometrium of his uterus with whatever of Sherlock's little dreadnaughts were left. The process wasn't called invasion for nothing.
Dionysus' smile was wild and feral. "I am not the god who sees the future. If I were, I wouldn't drain each cup its dregs. Knowing tomorrow's price. Now drink my children, drink, or I'll think you're rejecting my hospitality." Lightening crackled in the sky. Dionysus grew fainter. Now only a head and a cup."
If it meant he'd get them back to their children, she could more than accept his relentless drive. She felt like she needed, even weary from her long day in the mine, to go to where he worked and see if there was more that she could do.
"For convenience. Starfleet cashiered me out and he wants me to stay on as the ship's doctor, and seems to think captains should be… it was all a little confusing."
"I can land us away from the main clusters of radiation. It should be fine for our purposes of crashing."
"Great," said John, opening and closing his hand. He wanted to ask Harry for the phaser, but couldn't. He could still feel the shock of shooting his father. The raw emotion of the moment.
While Sherlock simply repeated John's name as he gave into the scent and sound and feeling of the moment.
That was not an acute observation, since they had just been discussing them and he had been present during her children's naming ceremonies and many of their life events.
"No, it's fine. If we could beam directly into the dome, it would be one thing, but since they require visitors to shuttle in, it doesn't make sense." A short ride made an enternity because he'd be sharing it with Sh'Alaack. There had been some harsh words exchanged at the last Bad Band practice when he'd brought up that he was going to visit his sister. "There are a lot of situations where I want you next to me, but this isn't one of them." John tried to figure out how to explain and settled on. "Family pushes your buttons."
To add insult to injury, on their next mission, a sentient computer in the course of trying to kill them dosed all of them with a gas that rendered John's suppressants null and void.
Snow Sparkles yelled, "Mama G, where is my scent strongest in the room?" Mama G opened their mouth, but before they could reply, Snow Sparkles said, "Thank you, dear." She darted up to a station on the upper level, and tapped a pattern in several places on the underside of a work station. A phaser dropped out of a hidden panel. She aimed it at the creature and fired. There was a hiss and a floral burnt smell. "Birh's documentation left out where I sit."
Donovan crossed her arms. "He shows up or we go without him. I'm not sitting in shuttle traffic because Watson decided he needed an extra morning shag with the freak."
John looked over at Sherlock, who was staring wide eyed at the room. Sherlock said, "This is the building where they hold the Meiosis of Alignments on the Breen home world. The temple we visited before is not far." He went further into the room and John followed, glancing once behind them, but there was no portal. Only mirrored walls and tapestries. This time at least, all they had to do was call for a ride home.
“I do. I really do. I’ve missed her. I’m just scared. I don’t want to make everything even worse than it already is. I just want things to get better.”
Sherlock noticed how he paused to think before answering the question, he couldn't help but to question it as he was lead to his room. John's answer warmed his heart, "Because as much as I would like to have you in my bed, I know you haven't done this in a while and your experiences aren't the best. I want to make sure you're comfortable."
“Yea. I also remember that one time you described him as tall, dark, and handsome. You finally sleep with him?”
When he entered, John could tell Sherlock was tipsy. He cracked a smile as he hung up his coat. “Afternoon. When’d you become a day drunk?”
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something, but he stopped himself before any words came out. Perhaps it was his revelation, perhaps it was the humming, but something made him particularly open. So he told the truth. "I don't think you notice but you always had a habit of humming to yourself, a few times you would sing softly. It was never annoying, eventually it just became part of living here. I didn't realize how important it had become to me until I spent all that time without it. I haven't heard you hum in three years. I suppose I'm just ..... happy to hear it again."
The very next morning, after the first eight hour sleep he’s had in years, Sherlock went into the sitting room to find the horrid sight of John making tea for Mycroft.
A low chuckle came from Sherlock as he leaned back down and took John into his warm and wet mouth again.
John shifted a bit and made sure to keep his fingers pressed hard on Sherlock’s prostate as he moved his fingers as fast as he could, rubbing in little circles. His other hand tightened a bit and he jerked Sherlock off as quickly as he could without losing the rhythm of his other hand. He used his thumb to tease the head of Sherlock’s cock, swirling his thumb around the tip to spread the precum that dripped out of him.
Sherlock didn’t care and hummed away as he suckled at John’s length, managing to get it even deeper inside of himself.
He went downstairs and acted as if he tonight was just another night for him. "Sherlock, are you ready to go?"
John smirked up at Sherlock as he leaned down, keeping eye contact while pressing a kiss to the clothed tip.
John was absolutely done with being picked on. He looked up and stared Sherlock dead in the eye as he said, “Most beautiful man I’ve ever met.”
He decided to review it just to further assure himself that he didn't like Sherlock in that manner. He figured that once he assured himself, the idea would fade.
Sherlock shifted in his seat. He wanted to avoid the truth but he knew he needed to be honest. He wished the truth was easier, but his heart prevented that. “It all feels very intimate and I suppose I don’t know how to handle that.” Sherlock was a man who could easily manipulate most social settings in his favor. But he didn’t want to do that with John. Rather than fabricated conversation and emotions, he wanted to be genuine, no matter how awkward he genuinely was.
John groaned and squirmed a bit. He knew he was getting close and he was excited. Though he was asleep for most of his pleasure, he wanted the end to be worth it. He ground down harder and let out a soft cry at how much better it felt. His eyes rolled back and his lips parted as a series of unfiltered noises fell from his lips. There was an occasional curse, Sherlock’s name, and an overwhelming amount of unintelligible noise. He wasn’t able to talk through his pleasure as well as Sherlock could, rather, he laid and became it’s prey.
Sherlock had never been so terrified in his life, because now, he finally understood his own weakness. John was the only thing he couldn't live without. He realized that he loves John.
John’s entire expression changed from playful to serious. “Promise you’ll stop me if you get uncomfortable.”
Sherlock and John went to the latest scene and they were on fire. Sherlock rattling off deductions while John assessed the damage.
John blinked. It wasn’t the response he had been expecting. Sherlock was usually confident in his deductions, but now, he was shy and uncertain. He reached across the table and set his hand on top of Sherlock’s. “You might not be.” He encouraged.
“You didn’t cum.” Sherlock mumbled into John’s shirt. He tried to sit up so he could work on remedying the issue, but his muscles weren’t ready and struggled to get him up.
Sherlock looked as if he had eaten something sour. He was in disbelief. "Impossible. Mike Stamford is one of the most heterosexual men I've ever met."
Sherlock pushed back a smirk at John's physical reaction. "John, you aren't a stupid man so don't say such a stupid thing, even if it is a joke. You're quite unarguably handsome. Even factoring in personal tastes, you're a naturally handsome man."
John gave a soft smile and pressed their bodies together again. “Alright then.” He set his hands on Sherlock’s waist, gentle and warm. “Any preference?” Now his deep blue eyes were twinkling with an excitement that Sherlock only ever saw after snogging John silly.
Sherlock, meanwhile, was reviewing their interactions for the past few weeks. He typically didn’t pay much attention to John’s body language unless he was gauging his emotions or reactions. But now, he wished he’d been more curious. He wished he’d paid more attention. Because John has been showing subtle signs of attraction, but for some reason they were directed at Sherlock.
He groaned and shifted from where he laid. He pushed his hips back and felt his inner thighs occasionally shake. He bit his lip and shivered in the wake of a second finger, waiting to enter him. "Don't act like it doesn't turn you on. You want me to do it. You want to be helpless." His voice was even lower than normal and flooded with the pleasure he felt.
“Right then, that was easy.” He leaned forward with a devilish smirk. “Gives me plenty to work with.” With a wink at the end, John made those gorgeous cheekbones of Sherlock’s burn red, and a grin spread across John's face. “Told you, I’m in charge.”
He stood up, stretched once more, and went straight to his mirror. He knew there was no point, but he still felt the needless biological urge to fix his appearance before he presented himself to a potential mate. He straightened his clothes, fixed his hair, and felt like a complete idiot.
John found himself smiling, "I know Sherlock. I may not be a looker but I've still got game." He took a fun jab at himself and thought that that would be all, but not for Sherlock.
Sherlock didn’t want to hurt John with his prying, but he was so curious. “It has something to do with your parents, I've figured that much. But, if you don’t want to talk about it, I won’t ask.”
The detective gave a nod and then furrowed his eyebrows. “You didn’t tell her what time to be there.” He pointed out.
John was almost in awe of how soft the normally stoic man really was. He couldn’t help the way his smile widened. “I wouldn’t dream of it.”
When they arrived at the restaurant, Angelo raised an eyebrow at their request for a table for three, but it wasn’t that unusual as they sometimes met clients or Lestrade at Angelo’s.
Sherlock noticed the tremble and swelled with pride. John was getting close. He watched how frantic and desperate his boyfriend had become and he knew it was all because of him. He bobbed his head and worked his tongue, licking across John’s skin as he sucked away.
A lazy smile found it’s way onto Sherlock’s face. He decided that he very much enjoyed the sound of John’s voice. “Yes. I’ll be out in a minute.”
The shorter man let out a chuckle and he bit his lip, seeming to think about what he wanted to do. “I’m definitely waking you up with that thing in my mouth. But for now, turn over.” He instructed.
Sherlock blinked and stopped pacing. He sat down on his bed. “He said that he didn’t think I would ever feel the same way about him?”
John watched him go before taking a deep breath. He couldn’t believe he’d just come out to his own best friend, when he didn’t even realize he wasn’t in the closet. He stood up and went to make himself some tea.
Sherlock flushed at the unfamiliar complement. He wasn’t used to his appearance being praised. He squirmed at the kisses that vaguely tickled and felt John’s hands travel to his waist, pulling his trousers off and revealing the strain.
Sherlock was dumbfounded. He recognized all five of those names, but had been under the impression that they were women. "So, you're bisexual?"
John was radiating with pride. He almost couldn’t believe how he managed to get his lover like this. He never thought he’d see Sherlock so wrapped up in pleasure. He was so grounded, forced out of his head and trapped in his body. For once, he couldn’t avoid or escape the world around him. He was there, completely present, and it felt good. John had never been so thrilled.
He threw his head back and let out a howl. In that moment, he was so human and raw. One hand gripped the top of the headboard and the other a pillow, he looked as if he were trying to crawl away from the pleasure. But his legs were too useless to assist in the escape, and his hips were too determined to ride it out. He practically rode John’s hands through his orgasm, chasing the feeling the entire time.
Sherlock was in a state of shock. He didn’t know what to do or say for a moment. He felt himself quickly sobering up.
“I actually called, not only to tell you that, but also because he wants to meet you.” The sentence came out awkward, as if John wasn’t sure of what he was trying to say. “We wanted to know if you were free tonight, for dinner?”
The more he thought about it, the more John realized he didn't want anything to change. This is what he wanted. His life is perfect as it is. He wants to spend the rest of his days saving lives, hunting killers, living with Sherlock, and one day he wanted to treat all the wounds Sherlock will get from being stung by bees.
Angelo also noticed and he smiled a bit wider than usual as he caught on to their tension. Angelo was a jolly and optimistic fellow, but he was no fool. He knew when two people liked each other and he saw the way Sherlock and John were looking at each other. Quick glances, soft smiles, hesitance, uncertainly, they were fools in love. But Angelo acted as if nothing was different from their usual visits. He gave his normal greeting and asked for their drink orders, offering up a bottle of red wine with a special discount just for them. He half expected them to decline, as per usual, but John was feeling ballsy.
John couldn’t help but to chuckle at the request. He let his tongue slide in a bit deeper, keeping it pointed as Sherlock hasn’t been touched here in a while. He let it squirm and twist around to keep his lover stimulated, listening to the moans and gasps above him. He had it halfway in and began gently pumping and wriggling it.
Sherlock let out a soft groan and his breathing picked up as he enjoyed John’s mouth. Those lips parted and traveled down his body. They explored his chest and gave his nipples a few experimental licks. An involuntary shiver ran through him and a hand reached up to spread his fingers through John’s hair, getting a light grip. He could feel the glee radiating off the shorter man from the reaction he got. He played with the nipple a bit longer before kissing down even further.
He knew they were both in love, it was a powerful piece of knowledge. But only he knew. He wanted so badly to tell John how he felt. He wanted to make his pining a reality. But he feared he’d ruin everything if he tried to convey his thoughts. He took a deep breath and let the feeling of togetherness sink into his bones as if it were the last time.
A hand reached around and grabbed onto the base of Sherlock’s cock, slowly moving, tugging at a neglected part of him.
Sherlock strolled into the sitting room in black pants and his maroon button-up that he knew John admired on him. There, he found John ready to go, but anxiously pacing around. “Are you alright?” He wasn’t sure how to approach the situation, but wanted to make John feel better.
John raised an eyebrow in surprised as he looked up at his companion. “Is it?” He had the gall to reach over and hold Sherlock’s hand. “You think I look good?”
John felt a bit better after that. He went on to explain himself. “Sherlock, I’m pansexual. I think. Honestly, I’m not quite sure what I am. I think it’s okay that I don’t quite know. All I really know is that I’m attracted to everyone, but I’m mostly attracted to men, if that makes sense. During the time of Irene Adler, I was having a moment where I was really only interested in men. I don’t know why it happens, but sometimes it will. In fact, that’s when I was dating Morgan. So I didn’t find her attractive because, at the time, I wasn’t interested in women.”
Sherlock was frozen. His brain had shut down from such an unexpected question. His mouth began responding before he even knew what he was saying, “Of all the times I’ve had sex, I don’t think that any of them have actually cared about me. No one has ever asked me that.” He saw a bit of concern fill John’s gaze, but he answered anyways. “Don’t call me anything derogatory, please.” He was visibly awkward. He looked around, his shoulders were stiff, and he was leaned forward with his hands clasped together on his lap, almost as if he were protecting himself. “Forgive me, I’ve never had a conversation like this before. I’m not a fan of vulnerability.” He spoke the word as if it were a disease.
Sherlock was the one who dragged Molly across a pub to talk to the lady that she was now engaged to marry. She felt that she owed him one. “Care to elaborate?”
It all began when he felt eyes on him. He glanced over and did a double-take when he realized that Sherlock was staring at him with a passionate yet calculated stare. He blinked in surprise and it took all his willpower for him not to squirm. It was an expression that only a few people had ever looked at him with, and it was usually followed by a wild night in bed. Truthfully, it was an expression he’d been hoping he would one day see Sherlock stare at him with, but the context was fuzzy. He’d be a lot more flattered if he knew why Sherlock was staring at him like that.
Mycroft stared at John a moment as the doctor sat down and took his own cup of tea. He could tell that John was being completely honest, and somehow, he took flattery in the fact that a doctor honestly thought he looked average. “I’ve decided that I like John much more than I like you, Sherlock. Do be good to him.”
He didn't realize it at first, but he found himself humming How Will I Know by Whitney Houston. He let a smile creep onto his face as he hummed the song, finding it fit his mood perfectly.
If Sherlock could, he’d be grinning. He watched John fall apart and listened to the most beautiful growl. He’d taken the doctor and turned him into an animal. He groaned against the man’s cock, and watched him shiver from the vibrations. He took him in deeper and finally pressed his lips to John’s base. He swallowed around John and listened to the man nearly shout as every inch of him was sucked.
Angelo came back with the bottle of wine and poured their glasses, leaving the bottle at the table. He took their food orders and then he left them alone a while.
Sherlock’s eyes shot up to meet John, wide with shock. His cheeks had become scarlet. His throat closed on nothing in his panic, causing him to be begin to cough, choking on air. “What?!” He wheezed out the word between coughs.
The idea of letting his work go was easy and natural, he knew it would happen and he had no qualms about it. But the idea of letting John go might be the one thing that has ever truly scared Sherlock. When he did let John go, and spent those two years without him, he only did it because John would have been killed if he hadn't. He did it all for John. Those two years were spent making the world a safer place for John; Sherlock didn't even realize that until now.
The sweet pleasure had torn down his composure. He moved his hips shamelessly. He needed this. “Deeper.” He didn’t realize his own shaky and guttural command until a moment later when the tongue that rested just inside of him began to vibrate with a chuckle. It made him whimper.
“John!” She sounded excited. “Oh, how have you been? You hardly ever text me, let alone call! I ought to kick your arse for that!”
That caught him by surprise. He blinked a few times. “Pardon?” He was drowning in the atmosphere and couldn’t quite figure out how to recover from the accusation.
Rather than stretching out and riding out the pleasure like Sherlock did, John’s body had a very different reaction. He tugged at his arms and writhed around. Amongst his cries it was almost as if he was trying to escape the pleasure.
It was a heavy promise, but somehow, they both knew they could do it. Them, together forever? It was inevitable.
He furrowed his eyebrows and his eyes moved to stare at the floor as he focused more and more on his racing thoughts.
Though it would take a lot of alcohol to admit it, the most caught off guard he’s ever been, was when he entered a room to find Irene Adler stark naked. So when he found himself in 221B, drinking by himself, he nearly laughed aloud at the memory. But another aspect of the memory became much more interesting to him. John's reaction.
An involuntary shiver ran up Sherlock’s spine as the pointed tip of John’s tongue flicked over his entrance. An open mouth pressed against his skin, covering his hole. His hips jerked without willing them to. He was suddenly reminded of why he didn’t care for sex. He couldn’t think. He was forced out of his head and at the mercy of a body that didn’t listen to him, it listened to John. John’s pleasure is what moved him. That’s also why he was so eager for this. He didn’t care if he lost control, so long as he was with John, he was safe and comfortable.
Sherlock blinked a few times and leaned back in his seat. For some reason, he found himself happy that John was interested in men, but he didn’t know why.
“Sherlock, you uh. Well. You don’t really date, and you’ve never expressed interest in anyone. John’s told me he suspects you’re aromantic and possibly asexual. I know it isn’t our business and we shouldn’t’ve been making assumptions, but he’s desperate for you. Really. Just, arse over tits. I honestly think he was only telling me because I’ve known you longer and he wanted me to convince him that he’s wrong. John really really cares for you. If you’re absolutely certain that you love him, then please, tell him.”
“Again? Not going to happen.” She referred to Sherlock’s infamous fall. “Sherlock, it seems you love John as more than a friend or brother. I would consider that to be a fact.”
His thighs were trembling as pleasure radiated from his core, spreading out to the rest of his body. All he could focus on was how good he felt. Nothing else mattered. For a moment, his mind palace was closed off and distance, in a place that he couldn’t reach with those fingers inside of him.
went to Angelo's on special occasions or to celebrate something. Although John could occasionally be a bit spontaneous, this was out of character. John would never suggest Angelo's unless it was special. So what was special about today?
Sherlock was taken aback. “Really?” He didn’t think he actually looked that good in the shirt. His boasting about his appearance was mostly done with the intention of making John laugh, which it did.
“So this is what makes life divine. I'm all aglow, hmm. And now I know.” Again, he added his runs and riffs that Sherlock was starting to find a bit charming.
Now they were getting somewhere. John leaned forward a bit, becoming more engaged with the conversation now that they were able to talk it out. “What’s wrong?” He was worried that he made Sherlock uncomfortable.
Instead, Mycroft watched the ex-army doctor lean in and kiss his brother. His eyes widened as the kiss went on and on. He was disgusted that anyone would want to kiss his brother. He did his best to refrain from gagging and then had to witness John opening the door for Sherlock.
He told himself it was only dinner at Angelo's and that there wasn't some deeper meaning or intention. But by the same token, he wished it was more than a simple dinner.
The answer to the question was automatic and without hesitation. He had always planned on eventually parting with his work, retiring, and living in the country with his bees. That had always been his plan and he never had any problem with it. He always knew his work was only temporary and he was fine with that. But John. Living without John had never been part of the plan. When they first chased down a killer together, Sherlock decided that John had to be part of his life, but he never planned on being without John. Those two years he spent without his best friend were the worst of his life. Regardless of the fact that he spent it doing the work he loved, it wasn't enough, he was miserable and all he wanted was John. When he did sleep, he fell asleep wondering about how John was doing, he would often zone out and wonder if John was still living in their flat, when he was being transported between locations he would wonder if John was seeing someone new, when he was being held in a bunker as a prisoner he told himself that he would eventually find John. John is what kept him going. No matter where he was or what he was doing, John had been with him from the moment they met. He let John into his life with no plans of ever letting him leave, even after two years of being apart.
“I'll touch every star in the sky!” John sang aloud as he stepped inside. His voice filling up the room with his strong sound. It made Mrs. Hudson jump, but she recognized the song. She smirked to herself and decided not to comment on it. She didn't want to ruin their little moment together. A moment she had been waiting for, for years.
Sherlock was quite pleased with the way that he had charmed John. He was very versed in the art of flirting, but that was all an act for cases. He wanted everything with John to be real and genuine. So he decided to be honest about things. But he didn’t expect it would backfire when he said, “Lovely, now I’d appreciate if you didn’t challenge my dominance again.”
“How do you know so much about wine?” Sherlock asked, unable to hide the fact that he was impressed by John’s knowledge.
John smiled. He knew Sherlock wasn’t the best at expressing his emotions. “For the sake of clarification, can we agree that we’d both like to be boyfriends?” He knew that’s what Sherlock was trying to say, but he wanted it to be verbally agreed on that they were on the same page.
Sherlock didn't realize he had grown quiet and slipped into his mind palace, but John did. If anything, John found it to be more amusing than annoying or rude. He smiled to himself and flipped through his newspaper, softly humming to himself.
Making sure his brother didn’t get injured while chasing down some criminal was an exception to this rule.
John nodded, ending the conversation there. He wasn't sure why, but he found himself smiling at this newfound knowledge. That confused him a bit. Why was he happy that Sherlock liked men?
Sherlock’s cheeks nearly matched the wine. “John Hamish Watson, I swear if you don’t stop I’ll set the flat on fire.”
On the way home, John sang outright and he sang to Sherlock. He didn't care if people heard or saw them, which a few did. All he cared about was his song to Sherlock.
John’s thumbs spread Sherlock a bit wider and he smirked as he looked down at the prize before him. He couldn’t help but to comment on what he saw, “You cleaned yourself up?”
John felt a shiver run through his own body. Those rolling hips made him freeze in a momentary shock. He was both amazed and proud at how Sherlock took what he wanted, but it also made him feel strangely used. As if he was only there for Sherlock’s pleasure, and that turned him on even more. His tongue was pumping in as fast and as deep as he could move in. He heard Sherlock’s voice get a bit more frantic as the pleasure seemed to build inside of him. He smirked to himself and pulled away.
