He must be projecting, he thinks cruelly, swallowing the last of the mediocre caviar-topped things.
He doesn’t even notice that he’s stopped kissing Steve until he feels a bare palm right above the waist of his pajamas, skin-on-skin and sticky after so long in the steamy outdoors. They’re just panting against each other's mouths, and the intimacy strikes him stupid.
Tony turns around, considering.
“It’s not Cap anymore,” he says into the empty backyard.
He wants to tell her to give her boss a message, to tell him to Fuck Off with capital letters, only that might be a little rude even by his standards. The last thing he wants to do is say yes, no matter how big of an opportunity this is, so he takes a giant gulp of organic plant-based protein shake and wonders if his health insurance covers frostbite. Really, the jacket would’ve taken ten seconds to shove on, but he was racing to answer the call without the chance of being overheard by -
Yeah,
“Here,” Steve says, setting down his plate and two full cups of coffee. “Happy?”
“There’s nothing I wouldn’t do for you.”
It’s certainly not what Steve expected.
the world where he watches Peggy carefully apply her lipstick every morning, the world where Howard invites him out for drinks after work, the world where the war is over, where he’s found yet another home, where he goes by Steven Carter and darkens his hair and does his best to fly under the radar -
“You idiot,” Tony says, but it’s so fond it makes Steve’s insides twist pleasantly. “What the hell did you do?”
A well-placed hand to the mouth shuts Tony up, and Steve can see that Tony looks almost nervous, like he’s chattering away at a mile a minute because he doesn’t know what else to do. Steve’s nervous too, his mouth going dry as he licks his lips and slips a not-so-casual hand into Tony’s back pocket, pulling him in.
There’s a moment where Steve thinks that maybe they can laugh about it, where they can understand each other, but as soon as it feels possible, the possibility disappears.
in letters that could only belong to Clint, and through his laughter, Tony manages to motion for Steve to join him.
“I wish I could do more,” Steve says, looking at his hands.
“I think he wishes he could have loved you,” Steve says, purposely light. “I think he wishes he could have loved you like a son, but he was afraid he’d want you to be his Tony, so he couldn’t.”
“We can go somewhere else,” Tony promises. “You want Italian? I know you like pasta. What about a steakhouse?”
Abruptly, Tony’s hand is covering his.
“I do,” Steve says, thinking back to when he’d first been in Wakanda after Siberia, and how T’Challa had offered to construct him a new shield, but Steve hadn’t been able to think about it without seeing anything other than Tony lying on the snowy concrete in his suit. He’d declined and asked if they couldn’t come up with something else, and Shuri had been more than happy to exercise a little freedom.
“I’ll take care of it,” Tony tells him, talking a million miles an hour and there are a dozen voices in the background, none of them belonging to Steve Rogers. “Where do you want her body?”
“I know,” he says, fingers drumming against the cardboard sleeve of his over-syruped vanilla latte, prepared just the way he likes it. “But it was unprofessional of me, and you shouldn’t have had to.”
It’s only then that he realizes the silence between them has stretched out into some awful trench of a thing, separating them and transforming whatever easy banter they’d shared into strained unfamiliarity. He clears his throat, figuring that it’s probably best to salvage as much as possible by parting ways, but Tony just meets his eyes ruefully.
Steve is looking at him again, and Tony hates waiting like this.
When Tony speaks, it isn’t the callous confirmation that Steve’s been dreading all these years.
“You bring out a lot of things in me that I don’t think I’d let anyone else see,” Steve says, offhand. There’s really nothing he can think of in response to that, so he just kisses Steve as thoroughly as he can and moves his hips, pulling out with a spark of intense pleasure.
Now, Steve just breathes in sandalwood shampoo and Tony, taking note of how different it is from last time. A lot has changed, and Steve thinks that his mistake before had been in guiltily springing back in bed, realizing a second too late that Tony had been awake and lying there in stillness.
Tony draws his tongue along his lips, expression going impish. “Why don’t we take a bottle of Macallan upstairs and find out? If you're lucky, maybe I'll tell you exactly what it's like to sit down for post-battle shawarma with an angry green rage monster and the actual God of Thunder.”
“Context,” Steve echoes in the canyon between them.
Instead of continuing on with the story (which Steve doesn’t even really need, he’s gotten his answer, and he’ll finagle that into something print-worthy as soon as he’s gotten a grip on his sanity again), Tony raps his knuckles on the table hard enough that it shakes and forces Steve to splay out his palms to steady the centerpiece and scattered glassware.
How do we feel about chapter length? Because some of the later chapters have kind of exploded to be about twice as long as these first couple chapters. Let me know if you've got a strong preference towards either super long chapters or more uniformly digestible updates.
been.”
“Tony,” Steve is saying, over and over until he’s chanting and begging and then his mouth is doing that thing again, only he’s trying so hard to push words out that he’s nearly babbling, broken sounds spilling out between them. It’s so
He offers Steve a hand that’s taken without delay and takes them up across the porch. As soon as he reaches for the doorknob, there’s a guiding touch low on his back, and it sends a flare straight through him.
There’s Rhonda at the diner in south Jersey. Steve is pretty sure she recognizes him, but only keeps his ice water fresh and gives him extra whipped cream on a large slice of cherry pie. When he leaves, he leaves a hefty tip and she meets his eyes from behind the counter where she’s serving an elderly man a plate of buckwheat pancakes. Her smile is small and she mouths a
“You had your reasons,” Tony says with far more grace than Steve feels he deserves.
“Not if I beat you to it,” he says before making like he’s about to sprint out into the parking lot with Tony’s favorite glint in his eyes, and goddamnit - he just really, really loves him.
Not yet, he thinks. Maybe one day, but not yet.
“What?” he asks, because this is Beth, who asks Steve to buy her tampons without blinking and wants to take a bus to visit Callie over spring break.
Tony just half-shrugs, leaning against the doorframe and for some reason reluctant to cross the final threshold.
“Yeah, alright,” he says, cutting her off. “Look, I’ll call you, okay? Give me the weekend to think on it. You can email me the details, and I’ll call you Monday. You think Tony can live in suspense for a day or two?”
They manage a companionable silence for exactly as long as it takes the commercial break to come to an end, at which point Steve tenses. He reaches for his phone, wanting a distraction so that he can get away with not paying attention to the segment without changing the channel entirely, especially since Sam’s eyes are glued to the report. It’s impossible to block out entirely as Steve checks his email, especially since the most recent item in his inbox is from a
He questions what he knows. Whether those feelings had been real, and not invented out of being driven crazy by existing as a near ghost in an alternate timeline. Steve asks himself if he’d merely cared for Tony like a friend, like a coworker, like someone he was sad to see go before he had reached his true potential. There must have been a reason why he’d never known he’d loved Tony back in his universe, and he searches for understanding in a world that was never his to exist in.
“No,” Steve settles, and Tony knows that after this, he’s never going to bother asking the question again. “And for the millionth time, no, I’m not just copying you.”
Tony jerks like he’s going to pull back, but Steve catches him and keeps him right where he is, and Tony remains where he is, pressed to Steve’s front.
“If you need us to call back, Mr. Rogers - ”
Steve doesn’t move, and Tony’s thinking again, trying to land on the second-best approach.
Tony’s arm shifts, elbow unhinging until fingers are running over the inside of Steve’s forearm. It’s brief, just a silent acknowledgment, but it sends shivers down Steve’s spine. He tells himself that it’s from the air conditioning and his damp hair.
“But you can call me Beth,” she tells him, snapping her hot pink bubblegum. She’s louder, bouncing off the walls as he follows. Elliot with the glasses is quieter, rolling his eyes at his sister and sneaking glances at Steve when he thinks he can get away with it.
“So this is just business, then?” Steve asks, and he wants to smack himself clear across the face because he’d promised that he’d be neutral and professional this time, no more midnight dips in his underwear and raving about Tony’s clumpy mile-long eyelashes, and yet he can’t help but slip into the easy banter they’d so easily shared upon first meeting.
It’s the same Tony. It’s not one simple thing that gives it all away, but it’s a conclusion that Steve reaches around the time the tour finishes.
“Keep it the way it is,” she orders him with a fierce expression. “And don’t be late for drinks tonight.”
In one spectacular instance, he’d been caught downing mimosas at brunch with dark lipstick all over his collar while slipping his hand further and further into his male companion’s lap. Rumor had it that he’d been informed that the police would be called if he didn’t leave the premises immediately, and that when he pulled a
There was a reason, a traitorous voice in the back of his head reminds him, that his article wound up being an ode to one of the most controversial public figures in America, and it certainly hadn’t been because Steve was a fan of weapons or the military-industrial complex.
Steve needs that. Steve needs to know that nothing happened, and he tells himself that until he believes it. Sometimes in the dark of night he feels the urge to dig out his phone and message Tony back, to ask if the offer still stands, to ask if anything else had happened that he should know about. He never does, though, and by the time he wakes up the next morning, he once again convinces himself that nothing ever happened.
“Just pull over,” Steve interrupts. “I can’t - I can’t be in here with you right now.”
Natasha catches them before they can close, her precise nails slipping between.
“You should probably get out of my way.”
He doesn’t mind, not as he watches footage from a previous mission and indicates where she might have hesitated too long or been overly aggressive. When they’ve wrapped up and switched to watching a movie that Peter comes in and recommends, Steve finds his mind wandering and excuses himself halfway through.
“Steve,” he corrects automatically.
He can hear distant voices entwined with the sounds from the creatures around him. When he sits up he can see a ladybug crawling on the inside of his bare foot, and he carefully lifts the insect with the edge of his index fingernail before setting it free in the dirt. There are birds squawking somewhere beyond his line of vision, less musical than the ones he’d first heard upon his arrival but no less brilliant for it. The flowers remain, and Steve gets to his feet to stand among them, up to his knees in the nearly overwhelmingly fragrant blooms.
And Steve wants to kiss him, but not like this. Not yet.
“We did,” Steve says, dipping his head in acquiescence.
Steve cooks breakfast while Peggy checks in with SHIELD and wakes Tony. By the time he’s portioned out scrambled eggs and sausages and toast, Tony is dressed and rubbing at his eyes as he slumps into a chair that is far too large for him.
From Carol and her cock-sure attitude, promising to be gone before they know it, to Clint, coming out of retirement for special potentially world-ending events only, Tony lets himself get passed around. It’s easier to lose track of time than he thought it would be, and he’s five seconds away from curling up in whatever spare stretch of couch he can find when he sees who he’s been looking for.
But this is Steve they’re talking about, who had shown up in Tony’s office more than four years prior and changed his life in infinite ways from that moment onward. Steve, who is fearless and selfless and the same man Tony had teased upon first meeting, just a million times better. If anyone is worth speaking up to, worth speaking up
Steve pauses, and when Tony does too, they disentangle themselves to stand half an inch apart.
“Cap, the entire room was on fire,” Tony says, feeling exasperated just thinking about it. “You could have made out a lot worse than a couple of nubby nails.”
It’s not meant to be weird, but Steve knows that when he doesn’t laugh, it is. He’s meant to think about their professional relationship, but instead he’s thinking of the highly publicized personal relationship they’ve shared since some time after Tony had returned from Afghanistan. The joke falls flat, and Pepper clears her throat and goes to angle forward again.
“Why the long face, Stevie?”, Bucky asked as he dropped down into the chair next to him.
Steve beamed. The guy’s smile looked like it was made up of rainbows and puppies and sunshine and Tony found himself unable to help but smile back. Ugh, this crush really was rather inconvenient. Look at what he got himself roped into now. All because of a crush.
Steve watched as Pepper and Natasha bent their heads close together and discussed something for a moment before they both began stalking towards Steve and Bucky, with twin expressions of anger and frustration.
As they watched, Pepper joined the party and made her way towards Tony at the bar. They watched as Pepper dragged Tony away to talk. Tony glanced at Steve over Pepper’s shoulder and their eyes met. Tony looked thoroughly miserable and sad and Steve wished he knew how to make it better. He turned away with a glance and after a moment of heated argument, Pepper left Tony to his own devices again. The latter returned to flirting with the agent again while the former moved towards Natasha.
“Okay,” Tony says, a palm to Steve’s chest and goddamn he’s solid. “Either kiss me like you mean it, or tell me what the hell is going on.”
“Why don’t you give me a tour?” he asks, and Tony’s smile grows wider as Steve keeps going, refusing to falter, flowers still locked in his fist.
“I have one. In fact, I have an entire compound that you’re about to be forcibly removed from,” Tony retorts, and Steve just grabs his face and - well, he figures out that it’s actually not all that difficult to shut Tony up.
“No,” Steve repeats, because no matter how good it had felt, he’s got to hold himself to some standard above getting off with Tony Stark in the back of a nondescript car on a night that one of them may or may not remember in the morning. Not that he’s not about to point any fingers, but he stuck to seltzer the entire night for a reason.
“What happened?” Natasha appears out of nowhere with Clint at her heels.
“Steve.” Pepper is tapping away at her phone with one hand while nudging Tony with the other, some unspoken language exchanging between them as he shifts out of the way so she can settle into the car. Steve starts, jolting upright as he remembers that there are more than two people gathered in the tiny bit of space he’s on the fringe of. “I can put you on the guestlist for the party we’re having for the grand opening in a couple of weeks. There will be half-decent catering, just bring some form of identification, and I’ll make sure you get a couple of exclusive comments for a piece. If your editor is interested in that sort of thing, of course.”
“It wouldn’t have been possible without you.” Steve is firm on this. “I used to let it bother me, but not anymore. I meant what I wrote, and I figured you knew that, and that’s why you wanted me to interview you now. Because there’s no way it’s as simple as - ”
“Merry Christmas, Tony.”, Steve’s voice interrupted his inner panicked monologue. While he had been busy thinking of his doomed Christmas, all around him the Secret Santa gift exchange had begun.
He would soon have the perfect gift ready. Now all that was left was to come up with the perfect words to phrase his love for Tony, and hopefully, if all went well, Steve would finally get that kiss from Tony.
“Excuse us, will you? Captain Rogers and I have something to discuss.”, Tony said as he pushed away the agent before he could get a word in. He stood up to get the conversation over with since there was no stopping Steve when he got in his stubborn, determined zone.
“Yep, for as long as you will have me.” Tony grinned against Steve’s mouth as the clock struck 12.
“Tony, you’ve five seconds to come to the point before I hang up and then punch you the next time I’m stateside. And hold out your coffee supply for a day. And let Hammer have a go at the suit. Because clearly death threats have no effect on you.” Rhodey grouched.
"Aw, platypus. Are you jealous? You know you're my number one man" Tony laughed, before glancing back at the blonde again.
Rhodey hung up.
“Because. He complains about being cold half the time during movie nights and he gets this sleepy, cuddly look in his eyes when he is wearing my hoodie even though I know it does nothing for the cold and what better way to keep him warm than a soft and squishy sweater? If he just so happens to love it and wear it to movie nights, then what’s the harm? I just need to keep practicing.” Steve said, his face all soft and warm.
“Why should we believe you, red skull?”
“Don’t start crying, Anthony! Boys don’t cry! Captain America never cried! Get it together!” He could hear his father’s harsh voice inside his head.
Steve wanted to say something. Something along the lines that Howard surely loved his son the way he was and that Tony was a brilliant genius. A hero.
The nightmares that came to reality five years ago.
Steve felt Tony looking at him and slowly turned towards him.
Tony sunk on his knees, started sobbing.
Steve must have thought the same, because after a minute of silence he said: “Whatever it takes, right?”
“Hey Soldier, if someone told you back in 1945 that you would end up on another planet, would you’ve believe them?” Tony asked half teasing, half serious.
“It’s not your fault that I’m back in the ship that I thought would be my coffin.” Tony tried to smirk.
The relationship between Tony and Cap was still complicated to say the least.
“Fuck. I didn’t know... I never thought he…”
Okay, let’s find this magical piece of jewelry.
“You are Captain America! We need you! I need you!” Tony all but screamed.
“Welcome, Tony son of Maria and Steve son of Sarah.”
He always loved Pepper and
“Please Steve I can’t lose you! I LOVE YOU, okay. I fucking love you. Don’t… just don’t“
“I’ll check out what’s going on up there and come back” Tony’s metallic iron man voice was saying and Steve expected him to blast off, but surprisingly it didn’t happen.
“I still want to apologize, because I was wrong. I treated you wrong. Don’t get me wrong, I can’t and won’t regret saving Bucky, but I regret everything that lead to this moment and everything that happened after.” Steve confessed.
He couldn’t have hit them, could he? He almost didn’t dare to ask, but he needed to know now.
It was pretty hot as well if he was honest.
Thirty minutes later, they were still climbing up and Tony really wished his armor would just work normally.
And he definitely won’t show cap that this walk exhausted him.
“Tony you’re a genius and won every rock, paper, scissors you ever played and knowing you, you would lose on purpose, but it won’t be necessary anyway. I’m going to jump.”
“You meant... you mean a lot to me too, Tony!”
As he looked in Tony’s eyes he saw the same determination that he was feeling.
“Stop.” Tony interrupted Steve and pinched the bridge of his nose with one hand while holding the other up to emphasize his exclaim.
This whole situation was just a mess.
“Already tiered?” Cap asked teasingly.
“You wish, old man.” Tony snapped back.
He began to shiver, his heart rate was spiking up, his hands were sweaty and he felt like throwing up.
Steve didn’t seem to be bothered at all.
Steve swallowed hard.
Like the last five years were just a dream and he was about to run out of oxygen.
“Of course he’s still angry. You froze him for 70 years and tried to kill millions!”
Tony just gripped Steve’s arm even tighter.
Steve always thought that he had a hard time after everything that happened, but Tony probably had it worse.
“I am the logical choice here. You have a family, a daughter who waits for you at home. I should have died 70 years ago.”
And Steve seemed to understand without Tony saying anything.
He tried to push the anxiety attack down. To not let the the panic take control.
With every word Tony said Steve’s stomach felt tighter.
“Honestly? I wouldn’t have believed them, but I also wouldn’t have been surprised either.” Cap smirked.
And then... it all shattered and it felt like Obadiah all over again.
Meanwhile, Tony and Steve were sitting side by side in silence.
This whole thing was really absurd, like the finale of a bad fantasy movie and Tony would laugh if it wasn’t that serious.
Of course he never acted on that because
Tony armor covered him in mere seconds and Steve held his shield in front of them.
The kiss wasn't lasting long, just a light touche of lips.
Instead, he squeezed it back.
He gave in into the latter. It just felt so nice, warm and safe.
“Tony i won’t let you play the sacrifice game again. You did this too many times and each times it feels worse than the one before. You have a family, a good life! I’m just the man out of time that can’t live without the war.”
“I know you never had it easy Tony. And I am so sorry for everything that happened. I wished I could have been there for you more. I know you probably no longer trust me, but I really wanna be there for you. And I’m so happy for you and Pepper! Morgan has definitely the most amazing parents. You didn’t make Howard’s mistakes. You’re her hero, just as you are for me and the rest of the world!”
Suddenly they heard a voice and turned around.
“Still angry about what happened all these years ago.”
“I’m sorry that your father treated you badly. You didn’t deserve this.”
When they landed, Tony checked the atmosphere again before opening the doors and taking the first step out of the ship, onto a new planet.
Vormir was beautiful to look at. The red clouds that are covering a part of the planet just to pull out into space gave it a mysterious vibe. It would be aesthetically pleasing if it wasn’t for the little voice in the back of Tony’s mind that reminded him that it was probably really dangerous when an infinity stone was down there.
The lying, the telling him that it was for his own good. And then the destroying of the arc reactor.
He acted a bit impulsive, but who wouldn’t have?
“You can’t fly? I don’t understand.“
“But she doesn’t need Steve Rogers.” Steve replied while laying his shield down.
Sometimes when Steve came into the kitchen shirtless after he hit the gym Tony needed a cold shower afterwards.
“Lead the way then, smartass”
“Whatever it takes” replied Tony.
He pressed his lips quickly against Tonys.
Apparently the answer was blinking away even more tears.
He knew that Steve could easily shake him off, but was glad that he didn’t.
He took a deep breath.
Everyone who wasn’t blind could attest that Captain America looked handsome and as the bisexual (former) playboy that he was he could only agree.
“Wanna play rock, paper, scissors? Who wins gonna take the stone back home.“
Tony sighed and followed him.
“Never hard enough for it to hurt more than a week.” Tony shrugged.
Steve was saved from answering by the mysterious figure who decided to lower his hood at that moment.
Tony couldn’t suppress his laughter completely.
And Tony couldn’t help but smile back.
“What the fuck?” Tony said after he let his helmet disappear again.
“Because you’d love to see me suffer?”
The red skull chuckled.
Tony instinctively wanted to look away, but the softness of the blue eyes made him hesitant.
“THIS SON OF A BITCH.” Steve said through his teeth.
After what seemed like an eternity, but probably was only about five minutes, Steve slowly pulled away and the hands on his shoulders were the only connection between the two.
“Hallo, Johann son of a bitch.” shot Steve back.
“Maybe to this creepy portal thing on the only mountain here.” Tony replied teasingly.
Tony even made sure that the Captain America uniform displayed Steve’s ass perfectly, because he believed that how the first one fitted was an insult for Steve’s perfect body.
Tony was at a loss for words. What do you say after Captain America, your childhood hero, tells you that you’re his hero?
Then his head was leaning against a warm (and very muscular) chest. Strong arms wrapped tightly around him and he felt safe.
“I’m not.“ Steve shrugged his head, “I know you wanna save everyone and probably don't know your own worth, but I assure you that you are the best hero earth has and she needs you. You are the visionary, I’m just a relict from world war two.“
“It wasn’t your fault that he missed all my birthdays because a frozen Captain was more important to him than his own son. Then again, I should probably thank you for keeping him away from me and mom.”
He knew that Steve didn’t intend to kill him (not like Obadiah), but he felt just as helpless as all those years ago when his mentor... his father figure ripped the device that kept him alive right out of his chest for profit.
Then Tony blinked and as he opened his eyes again he could see Steve jumping over the edge.
“Is it possible that he made this shit up?” Asked Tony even though he was pretty certain that it wasn’t.
“It’s going to work.“ He agreed.
“They will be fine! Tony is a genius, you know?” He wasn’t sure if he wanted to reassure Nebula or himself. Probably both.
“Look, there is no need to apologize. I forgave you a long time ago.”
He felt his eyes staining.
It’s definitely a bad fantasy movie trope, Tony decided.
He was on an alien planet and red skull was monologuing about the soul stone.
It’s just that he trusted him. He trusted him even though it was the person Howard wouldn’t shut up about, even though another old friend of his father betrayed him. He still gave Steve a chance. He even became friends with Captain America.
If Tony was honest, he long forgave Rogers for everything. Even the lying... well, the not telling.
Tony wasn’t sure how much longer he would be able to hold his tears back and was about to turn away from Steve as he felt strong hands on his shoulder pulling him toward the Captain.
“Steve stop! Please stop!” Tony reached for Steve’s hand to stop him from taking off the gloves as well.
"In order to take the stone, you must lose that which you love. A soul for a soul.” answered red skull.
Tony tried to blink his tears away, but it probably wouldn’t help much anyway.
“The hell you will!”
“Beautiful, isn’t it?“ Steve asked so suddenly that he nearly jumped.
Sure, they worked together for this time heist and Tony gave Steve the improved shield, but they never properly apologized or talked about what happened in Siberia.
He started crying, no longer able to fight his tears.
Tony hated that it made so much sense.
Nebula and Rhodey watched as the ship with Tony and Steve took off.
He kept petting Tony’s hair for a while and Tony just listened to Cap’s breathing and focused on the feeling of the hand fondling his hair.
“This will work, Tony. You’ll see your kids again.”
“No.” Steve explained, “I mean, I’m sorry for what happened in Siberia. I’m sorry that I hurt you. I’m sorry that I abused your trust. I’m sorry that I didn’t tell you! You deserved a better friend than I was. I tried so hard to be there for you and to treat you better than Howard or...”
“I’m sorry“ he said quietly.
Tony knows that Steve was right especially because his blasters weren’t working, but he be damned if he just let him do that!
Like he would never see Pepper again.
“I guess something about this place cuts off my blasters.” Tony seemed annoyed.
“I’m afraid not” Steve smiled back.
Steve kneed down next to him and looked him in the eye.
Luckily they were almost there and after one last turn they reached the top.
“We have to do it the old fashioned way, then.” Steve walked to the small path that seemed to go up there.
The heroes gasped. But before either of them found the words to react the figure started speaking.
Suddenly, a hand lied on this shoulder and he focused back on Steve’s face.
“The coordinates are set. As long as they don’t fall out of the ship, it should be fine.”said Nebula, but Rhodey could hear a bit of worry in her voice.
“What kind of sacrifice” asked Steve. His voice was shaking slightly as if he already had a suspicion.
They continued holding hands for the rest of the flight and Tony wondered if he should worry about how natural this felt.
Not that he had to. He did nothing wrong.
They walked towards the mountain and as they arrived at the bottom of it, Tony tapped his chest two times and the iron man suit formed around him.
“I’m sorry, but I have to do it. I love you too! I did for a long time and maybe in another life it would all worked out differently. But in this one you have a family you love and it was’t meant to be. And that's okay. Just continue the good work for me. The shield is for Sam. Bucky knows everything about this and will take care of the rest.“
„Goodbye Tony Stark, earth’s best defender.“ Steve said while getting up.
“Where to head to?” Steve wondered.
He remembered the look on Tony’s face when he rammed the… his shield into Tony’s arc reactor and a knot of guilt and regret formed in Steve’s stomach.
“I could easily just knock you out and jump, but i prefer not to. Don’t make this harder than it already is.” Steve tried to reason.
Sure, he wasn’t viewed as a war criminal and needed to hide for two years like Steve, but he must have struggled with his already fragile mental health.
Tony breathed out, not even aware that he was holding his breath.
Red Skull just floated back to the edge of the cliff.
He sighed. “They will be fine!” He said again, this time definitely to reassure himself.
“Captain Rogers, why should I lie to you?”
“Tony.” He said softly. “He didn’t hit you, did he?”
The Captain looked guilty, as if he just remembered that the other man was stuck on this very ship with little to eat for twenty two days without any hope of rescue.
Tony was torn between the urge to pull back and the one to lean in closer.
Tony laughed bitterly. “I heard that a lot. But it never seems to be enough.”
“What’s wrong?” Steve asked.
And as if Steve just waited for this he began to rub Tony’s back and one of his hands found the way into Tony’s hair.
He could feel his muscles relax and as he exhaled, he realized that he has been holding his breath all this time.
His hands were curled into tight fists.
“Actually he froze himself when he decided to land my plane in the ice. But let’s not dwell on the past. When I took the tesseract in my bare hands I got banned to this place to guard the soul stone. I tried to get it myself, but I couldn’t. If I was lying about the sacrifice, I already would have taken the stone for myself. I have no reason to lie.”
“You didn’t rob her of anything,” Tony disagrees, shaking his head. “She wouldn’t even know what she was missing if you didn’t tell her, and it’s pretty hard to miss something you never actually had.”
“He needs to learn to handle the kid on his own, anyway,” Sam says. “With Pepper moving back to California - ”
Tony wants to crawl into his lap and under his skin until there’s negative space between them, but settles for asking, “Can I show you something?”
“Sorry,” he says for the third time. “Christina scraped her knee, and well, I guess you know what a six-year-old with a skinned knee is like.”
“Honestly, Steve,” she says, eyes lightening with mirth as he feels his face warm in the temperate late spring breeze. “I’d cleaned up much worse before. You were child’s play compared to some of the other trash Tony’d dragged back the mansion over the years.”
“Of course you do,” Tony says instantly. “I asked Barnes to tell you - you’ve got a room.”
“I’m not so sure,” he says, a thin wisp of words that are nearly drowned out by what little road noise exists at the hour. Her hand weaves between his, holding tight until he tells her to rest for what remains of the drive to New York.
Yeah. Steve just needs a breather. When he looks over at how Tony sits down just beyond the barrier of too-close, he feels his chest release until the below-freezing wind chill is the only thing keeping him stiff.
“Doesn’t Stark count as an A-list celebrity?” he asks after a beat during which he’s sure Christine notices his preoccupation.
Sour shame lines Steve’s stomach, and he wonders if maybe he’d’ve been better off pushing Tony away the moment he’d initiated the kiss.
Steve can’t help but look up at Tony. “You haven’t been with Pepper since he told you?”
And because Peggy knows him, knows him in a way that very few have ever known him, she studies his face and gets it in one.
“Judge what?”
“We shared breakfast once,” Steve answers. “In this exact kitchen. You helped me wash the dishes.”
“I’ve thought about this a lot,” Tony admits, unashamed because it sounds like Steve actually wants this, with how he’s been talking and the way he digs into the meat of Tony’s thigh. He noses at Steve’s neck and drowns in pheromones for a second, dizzy with reality.
“If you are who I think you are,” she asks, gaze hardened and pointed, “what the hell are you doing here?”
“You’re welcome to ‘no comment’ me,” Steve says, which has the intended effect of getting Tony to shudder and start spewing nonsense in the midst of which Steve knows he’ll be able to extract something of meaning.
That night, Steve lies awake long past the time Peggy falls asleep.
The kids and their approximate ages, because I know it can't be easy to keep them all straight, and I referenced this endlessly: Manny (17), Zeke (16), Bonnie (16), Beth (15), Elliot (15), Crystal (13), Hannah (12), Lance (11), Ben (11), Alexa (10), Charlie (8), Jackson (7), Serena (7), Christina (6).
The last time he’d taken such obvious care with his words had been when telling Steve why he bought him the blue tuxedo, and as he had back then, Steve treads with as much delicacy as he can muster through his innate emotional clumsiness.
“You know what you’re doing,” Steve reassures him, and now Tony’s yawning. “I know you, and you wouldn’t let him go if you weren’t confident.”
Steve pauses. “I’m not a dad.”
“Yeah, I get that,” Pepper says knowingly, and he grimaces, biting his tongue because even though it’s been literal eons since they’d broken up for good, he knows it still stings both of them to think about too hard. There were way too many things she’d wanted that he hadn’t been able to give. “But you’ll never know if you don’t ask.”
“I did tell him that,” Steve confirms, trying not to wonder why Tony had bothered to tell Rogers that bit of information.
Tony squawks and splutters at that, and Steve grins.
Steve grows quiet, thinking back on that month of his original life when Tony had signed and left them all in the dark. That month during which Wanda had struggled with the part she had played, during which Steve held everything together, and Tony had gone behind them all to orchestrate the beginning of the end.
“Of all the gin joints in the world,” she muses, and he laughs for lack of anything better to say as they move up in line. “How are you?”
Beth and Bonnie take it upon themselves to decorate the room for the older girls, stringing up fairy lights they find in a clearance bin. Steve finds scrap wood and lets Manny and Zeke help him build a large table and chairs for them to sit around in anticipation of warmer weather, and then they build a fire pit. Hannah turns twelve, and Steve supervises as Alexa helps Crystal, Denise’s younger sister, bake a box mix of cupcakes. They end up with chocolate frosting smeared all over the counters but clean it up without needing to be asked, and Steve lights candles and they all sing as a group. Josie gets accepted to law school on a full scholarship in the fall, having spent the last five years finishing her Bachelor’s degree online, and they celebrate with beers after all the kids are tucked in.
Steve steals a bag from Tony.
“Just for that,” he says, poking a finger at Steve’s face as they walk through the automatic doors, “I call first shower.”
Steve leans against the back door, arms crossed over his chest. He ignores the way his heart jumps at the sight of Tony in front of him.
So the guilt builds. He knows that somewhere a baby is being ignored, and a toddler is being punished. A child is seeing things he shouldn’t, already being groomed for his fate, and Steve wishes he didn’t know. He wishes he could eliminate Stane, that he could shake some sense into Howard and Maria, that he could set things into motion to protect the boy for the rest of his life and let him grow up loved and well-adjusted and happy.
Steve just shrugs. “It’s my job,” he points out, “to get people to talk about what I want them to talk about. Sometimes that involves letting them go down a rabbit hole of ass-related non-sequiturs, and other times that involves interrupting them.”
And god, Steve thinks feverishly, meteors have had less of an impact than this.
It shocks Steve when Tony reaches out to knock the back of their hands together. It’s such a short burst of contact, skin cool now that the sun is no longer around to warm them.
“Why didn’t you say something? You thought you’d just keep it to yourself? If you’d felt as bad as you claim to - ”
“I’m sorry if I overstepped,” Steve says. “I think I made Pepper uncomfortable.”
Steve can only stare. “Neither do I.”
“Consider it a gift,” Tony suggests while Steve thumbs out a response.
Here is what is different:
“Fine,” Tony says, voice distant and modulated enough that if Steve didn’t know who was inside the suit, he’d never be able to guess. “Guess I’ll see you inside, then.” And then he’s lifting off the ground as effortlessly as anything, perfectly balanced and in his element as he hovers for a fraction of a second before zooming away.
“Oh yeah?” he asks, eyebrows raised sky-high. “So you’re telling me that you think my soulmate is someone who’s okay with me risking my life all the time, flying around in a very expensive tin can with an experimental power source?”
“It’s the one regret I had,” he says.
“Be quiet, before you wake her,” Steve says calmly. “Bucky is not all you have, but we are selfish, you and I. And that selfishness is going to bring about the end of the world if you do not tell him.”
“You give me too much credit,” he says, trying to keep dignified and not flounder under Tony’s twinkling gaze.
“Yeah?” Tony asks, interest clearly etched into his profile.
“You’re the only one who knew him like I did,” Steve offers up as an explanation.
Steve pushes up onto his hands, face horribly blotchy and flushed and he’s so gorgeous it’s unfair, but the way he looks wholly out of his mind when all they’ve done is a little grinding against each other makes Tony realize that he’s the one who’s done that to him. It’s a floating feeling, blowing him up with hot air as Steve looks away and wears the face he does when he’s thinking about how to say something.
She nods. “He’s pretty cool.”
Steve nearly inhales half the pool with how hard he laughs, and finally manages to stop coughing up chemically-treated water by the time Tony is set on the edge and offering to share his own chocolate Drumstick.
“What do you need?” Tony asks, selfless in a way Steve hadn’t seen until it was too late for them.
Rogers looks at him and frowns.
“Because Denise and Josie always tell us not to talk to strangers,” Serena says, legs locked around his midsection. “And Beth just let him inside without checking, because Josie’s upstairs and Beth didn’t want to get her.”
The voice on the line reminds him of a much sterner Pepper Potts, but no less capable as she rattles off what sounds like a press release. It’s the same spiel she opened with, sounding no more plausible a second time around. He stares blankly at a garbage truck noisily making its way along the not-yet-awake street below, trying to ignore the bone-numbing December air in favor of concentrating on what this lady is actually saying.
A quick glance tells Tony that he’s right, and he sighs, because that just confirms that a simple patch job is out of the question.
because he’s angry and has done this before, he only feels like he’s flying high because it finally feels like the twisted relationship they share is finally in his control. It’s ugly and inappropriate, rude and alienating, but it’s the closest he’s ever gotten to feeling like it isn’t all up to Tony.
“I didn’t know you play chess,” Steve opens, gesturing.
“I thought you wanted to show me something, not tell me,” Steve says. Always the smartass.
He leaves out the part where Tony had thrust the reactor at him, in a room not far from where they currently are. He doesn’t want Tony to know how another him had so scornfully, so
Steve is going to ask, he decides. Before he leaves the Tower, he’s going to treat this meeting like any of the others they’ve shared: like it could be the last time they ever see each other. He’s going to reach deep in himself and find the courage to ask. It’s been easy to cling to Tony’s favor and pretend that he’d never crossed that line, easy to never have to look himself in the face and ask what the hell he’s been thinking, but he’s not going to live in willful ignorance anymore.
Steve smirks then, hand falling to his side, and there’s the old-timey movie star cocky charm again.
“She’s more than fully capable of taking care of herself, we all know that,” Tony says dismissively. “You, on the other hand, seem to keep ending up either riddled with holes, or with concussions that would kill a normal person, or having to regrow your own burnt-off fingertips - ”
Tony turns around again, and his eyes are warm and his kiss makes Steve’s toes curl.
Steve frowns, wondering if he actually does need to be concerned about her harmless crush.
Painfully aware of how much he wants this, of how his body is ready to respond to every little thing they do, Tony weighs all his options. He zeroes in on the one with the greatest chance of giving him what he wants without offending Steve’s apparently delicate sensibilities, and gets to his feet.
the world where he gets to see his Tony for the first time in more than seventy years, the world where Steve finally gets to feel whole and free and unburdened for the first time in his goddamn life, the world where he gets to finally hold Natasha the way he wished he had before they lost her, the world where everything is sunshine and butterflies and anything else they want it to be -
TIME has a few points they want him to hit. Most of them revolve around Sokovia, and Steve's taken the liberty of doing research beyond what he’s gleaned over the last six months simply from existing in a modern world fascinated with Iron Man and whatever had gone down with the robot army that had threatened the sanctity of humankind. The rest all pertain to Iron Man’s inception and rise to popularity, and Steve’s gone back and forth over the last few days on exactly what that means.
“He’s not going to be forgotten,” Tony says with conviction. “We’re not going to let that happen. And you heard him. He might be one of the most self-deprecating bastards I’ve ever met, second only to you, but he meant something to people in his universe. No matter where he ends up, they’re going to remember him the way he deserves.”
The day after Steve finally has to put Peggy in a care facility, there’s a knock on the door. He hauls himself up and over to it, and is unsurprised by the man on the other side.
It was an argument they’d had a thousand times before. It was an argument they’d never have again.)
“Steve,” Tony says with a chuckle. “Things haven’t been the same since you asked yourself to tell me about my parents.”
“Can Carol even get drunk?” he murmurs, lips brushing Tony’s ear. He can nearly feel Tony shiver and tamps down his grin.
“I am,” Steve says, and he’s got no idea what she’s talking about, but it’s got Pepper pressing a hand to her temple and Tony snorting as he continues whatever he’s doing to the Italian appliance. It looks vaguely espresso-related, but seeing as Steve doesn’t bother very much with coffee, he can’t be sure.
“Iron Man’s done just about as much harm as good,” Tony snorts. “The point you’ve been trying to make? The one about how superheroes are dangerous and need some kind of leash system to keep from destroying half the world? Yeah, you’re not completely wrong.”
“Easy for you to say,” he mumbles smartly, eyes falling shut.
Oh. Realization strikes, hot and embarrassing.
“We don’t actually need any of the comforts of home here,” Tony says, gesturing around them and clearly anticipating the questions that Steve is reluctant to let leave his tongue. “We don’t need to eat, but we like to, so we do. We don’t need to sleep, but we’re used to it, so we do.”
“She can swim,” Tony reassures him. “And FRIDAY’s got an eye on her.”
Rogers pours out a healthy pool of ketchup and drags a bite of sausage through it, chewing while looking off into the distance.
Once he’s told Tony about his private send-off and left out any details that could hint towards Steve’s feelings about Tony, in this world or the other, Tony heaves himself out of the chair.
“Maybe,” he says. “My wife has lived a full life, and I have remained at her side for its entirety.”
“No,” he says. “Every day I had with her was more than I deserved, and I cherished it immensely. She made me happier than I could have ever imagined, but I don’t miss it. I’ve moved on.”
His Steve Rogers, he’d like to clarify. Not the other Steve. Only the Steve who covers Tony with blankets when he falls asleep in the communal living room while watching tv, and always saves him the corner brownie pieces, and knows Tony so well that he hadn’t had to ask before knowing that no matter what happened with Thanos, saving Peter ranked above everything else.
“Thanks, but I got it.”, Steve smiled, trying to build up his courage.
He stared at the paper, dumbfounded. Was this a joke? His eyes must have said much the same as Steve whispered,” I thought you said these coupons could be used for anything I wanted. Can I have this then?” and stepped in close.
“I just thought it was something nice since he was cold all the time and he could wear it to movie nights when we cuddle on the couch. And that was just a one-time thing okay. I don’t plan this to happen, it usually just does.”, Steve scowled miserably. How could he have known that the perfect present could have screwed it all up?
So that was what it all was about.
“You mean if he just so happens to fall in love with you because of the sweater.” Bucky bit out with a smirk. “Okay, you know what, your love life is making me sad, Rogers. And if knitting the perfect sweater gets you the fella of your life, then it’s my moral obligation to help you stop all the moping, especially when faced by those puppy dog eyes and that sad pout.”
“Would you fucking quit it? You’re going to poke someone’s eye out with that thing. There’s no waving around. It’s a knitting needle, not Harry Potter’s wand.” Bucky grouched.
"Fuck, he has dimples. Oh god, Rhodey, he's perfect." Tony sighed as he turned back to his friend.
“Oh. I’m so sorry.” Bucky hugged him close as he followed Steve's line of sight and watched Tony whisper something in the blonde agent’s ear, who threw back his head and laughed fully.
Tony stared in barely disguised horror at the words on his little slip.
"Had to leave in hurry. Had to make my way to my dumb husband. So, was everything a lie, did your stupid plan work out perfectly or what?" , Tony angrily retorted.
Ugh. Fuck Howard and his stupid ideas. He had callously signed away Tony's life to some dumb boy scout all for his military contracts. As though Tony's genius hadn't been the only reason he was been getting any. Howard himself hadn't been responsible for the R&D at SI for a long time now, too busy drinking himself to death and stumbling around in a stupor, falling into bed with women old enough to be his daughters. All their inventions, all their weapons, it was all Tony.
"So, you gonna go to him or what?" , Rhodey asked, tilting his head towards the blonde who gave a full body laugh as the hot red head next to him narrated a story.
Come morning, Tony left Grant sleeping under the sheets, kissed him goodbye and quietly slipped out of the room. He made his way back to the mansion by five and fell asleep, dreaming about what ifs and if onlys, starring the pretty blonde from the previous night.
Another case of classic Tony Stark Delusion.
"Well, it sounds stupid when you say it. I don't know, how else would you explain it?" Tony bit out.
But now-
“Aw come now, no need to be so grumpy. Don’t you envy those plebeians their ordinary lives? Anyway, I need your help. This is important. Life or death important. You know how it is, superhero and all, Iron Suckup, was it?”
“Oh, this is for you too, I guess. Consider it an extra present. Sorry, I couldn’t think of anything nice to get you and had to improvise.” Tony admitted with a rueful smile.
Steve snorted, “Don’t I know it? I’ve been trying to tell him how I feel for months and to no avail. Never mind. Christmas is the time for new beginnings, I’m sure everything will work out just fine.”
It wasn’t working out fine. Naturally stubborn by nature, he refused to give up but even he could admit that this was a bit beyond him. Why did he think he could do this, again?
"Unggggh you need to calm down, platypus. I'll just take two secs." Tony said as he grumpily moved away from the bed and made his way towards the shower.
“Great, so I will see you at 6 today evening. We’ll be picking names then and remember, all the presents must be handmade!”
“Please, it’s perfect for team bonding. Even Nat agreed.” Steve said, employing full use of his puppy dog eyes. The bastard. Like he didn’t know about the power held by those eyes.
“Tony, it is 3:30 in the morning. That’s when normal people are asleep and are not worrying about what stupid thing their best friend has pulled off now.” Rhodey bit out, in that exact tone of voice which meant that he was currently pinching the bridge of his nose and wishing Tony were in front of him, so that he could effectively punctuate that statement with a punch.
Steve wanted a kiss. He had spelled it out right there, in block letters. A kiss.
They walked a block to the hotel Tony had chosen for the night and made their way up to the suite. As soon as they were inside, Tony pushed Grant up against the door and kissed him thoroughly. Grant ran his hands over Tony while Tony left a pretty little line of hickeys across his neck. As they moved things further, Grant quietly confessed that he didn't have much experience and was in fact, a virgin. Tony quietly groaned at the perfect, untouched man, all ready and waiting for him and vowed to make it the best night he could. The rest of the night was lost in a blur of discarded clothes, exploring fingers and pretty noises.
God, he couldn’t wait for the party to get started. He made up some excuse about getting changed for the party and left Steve standing there, with all his presents. It was time to get drunk and move on.
As Tony watched, the girl happened to glance up and caught him staring at her friend. Tony gave a slight smile as the girl whispered something to her friend who then met Tony's eyes and gave a shy smile.
“You glad you came?” Tony asks. “I hope we haven’t been too boring for you.”
He needs to know. He’s put himself out there, and there’s no rush, but they’re finally together again and there’s so much they never talked about.
It had felt like a stab to the back and a balm to his soul all in one when he’d initially received it, and Steve had scoffed at it while his thumb readied itself to delete the one-sided exchange. He’d been sitting behind his desk, loosening his tie and getting ready to sign onto his work email for the day while savoring the last few moments he had to check his personal phone on his own time. In the time it had taken him to roll up his sleeves and turn on his work monitor, his answer had been decided for him.
It assuages Tony’s nerves slightly
“I know,” Tony says, smiling.
"I told you, Howard wouldn't let me. He must have lied to you too."
"Engineer at your service. Anything from robots to artificial intelligence, security systems, clean energy, you name it."
“Merry Christmas, Tony.”, Steve whispered and they kissed again, to a series of cat calls and whooping from the room at large.
And then he came to yet another slump, when it suddenly hit him.
“How about a painting? It would be all kinds of perfect. It would be handmade, something you are good at and it would be all about him, totally something he would love. It sounds like a win-win to me and if that doesn’t work, I would be more than happy to watch you strip and then tie a pretty, little bow on you and drop you off outside his room. Nothing says love than a bright red bow around your package!” She winked.
Steve handed him another voucher then which entitled the holder for:
*****
“Yes”
"Edward. Missed you this morning."
Grumbling to himself, Tony flopped down on the dirty kitchen counter as he racked his brains once again for some other perfect present.
All of this had led to this night, the night before his wedding, which had left Tony sitting in a bar with Rhodey, sipping whiskey together, looking for his one last act of defiance before the marriage, because for all that Tony's public image of being an easy lay screamed, cheating was not a line he would ever cross. Hence, the one last hurrah before he was bound forever.
Swallowing thickly, gaze directed ahead into the softly broken darkness, Steve replied, "Well, there's something I've been wanting to try, and I was hoping- that is, I was thinking...maybe we could try it tonight? Anniversary and all."
It had started with Tony's usual weekly mission to take Steve somewhere that felt like
If anything, this was even more perfect for what Steve had in mind.
But then, she'd also built him up, held him together, and taught him it was possible to be loved. It also helped that their breaking up had indirectly led to tonight, Steve trying his best to propose to this infuriatingly wonderful man.
Steve had extensive previous experience being utterly baffled by Tony's thought patterns, and he was relieved that this seemed another case of them being not just on different pages, but entirely different books.
His thigh brushed against Steve's leg- with the ring box, and Steve panicked for a second, pushing Tony away slightly. Tony's grin dripped off his face, and he pulled to a stop, pulling his hand free.
Knew, and didn't know if he wanted to say yes.
"Christ-" Spoken as an exasperated curse or a plea for higher assistance in the face of such vexation, Steve didn't know, but he'd take what he could get. He brushed Tony's hand off his arm as he exclaimed, "You're an absolute pain in the ass!"-
It was several long minutes before Steve tugged Tony away from the tree and back onto the path, relinking their fingers as he began the winding amble through the darkened walking trails toward the deserted carpark.
Steve kissed him again.
Seemingly oblivious to Steve's attempt at restoring the ease of the evening, Tony continued his singular understanding of what was supposedly a two-sided conversation, ignoring his interruption, "-and it always goes a lot smoother if you just-"
Steve stepped closer as he asked earnestly, only the slightest doubt coloring his tone, "Have I- have I done something, said something that made you think I want to break up?"
Steve hesitated.
Before sinking into the kiss to press his tongue between willingly parted lips, crushing their mouths together until they breathed the same air. Tony's hands settled at his waist, fisting into the material of his suit, tugging Steve closer as he pushed back against the tree, rising to his toes to lessen the strain of his neck.
They were on the private terrace, the tiny French-inspired courtyard area just barely aglow with the soft illumination of the overhead fairy lighting. Not that it was needed; the overhead full moon was easily bright enough to see to dine.
" Steve muttered quietly to himself, the words almost lost under his breath. He turned again, stomping the three steps back into Tony's personal space as he clenched his hands into fists to resist grabbing his infuriating boyfriend by his infuriatingly tailored collar.
Flush against the balcony rails, their small table was draped with dark linen, set with a single white pillar candle that flickered gently. Faint strains of delicate music played quietly over the otherwise silent backdrop.
As they'd wandered, Tony's grasp had curled from his hand to the crook of his elbow, and Steve had slowed his stride (this was Tony's go-to-method whenever Steve walked too fast), but Tony had just grinned up at him, leaning in closer.
below the entwined hearts.
had been going cold on his plate.
Something of momentary interest suddenly buzzed his memory, and Steve asked, "... I've been weird all week?"
Setting them off into the darkness at a slow roam, Steve squeezed the fingers curled around his, voice slightly lecherous, "A secluded walk in the dark, huh? That sounds real nice and romantic-" he swung their hands back and forth, wiggling his eyebrows like a fool, hoping to see Tony-
Refreshed nerves had seen him set a pace just that little too fast, and Steve slowed as he answered, "No, I'm not mad. Confused as hell and a bit hurt, but I'm not mad."
(And maybe Steve had found the mischievous glint in his eyes and upward twitch of his mouth too damn charming not to encourage.)
Steve was gathering his exasperated aggravation into a particularly well-suited response (like shaking some sense into him), when Tony shifted uncomfortably, adding quietly, "...That usually doesn't matter, though."
"No?" It was voiced as a question, hesitant and unsure, Tony glancing up with something akin to hope.
Tony's eyes flew to his, wide with disbelief and Steve couldn't stop the exclamation of his total frustration, "Christ, Tony!"
No Beta.  Feel free to offer constructive Crit on SPAG issues :)
He wouldn't know until he asked.
Steve couldn't exactly say that he was relaxed or untroubled, though.
The tree bark scratched roughly against the back of his hand where he mussed Tony's carefully manicured hair, curls snarled around his fingers as he angled Tony's face upward, kissing him softly, a bare brush of lips-
Tony, oblivious to the ramblingly indulgent thoughts rolling through Steve's mind, was now absently making excuses for himself, "Yep. Sorry, I got a bit carried away. You've been weird all week, and I just- I assumed the worst."
Three years ago, in an old-style Brooklyn diner, Steve had sat opposite this same man. He'd spent the evening swatting at Tony's hand every time he tried to steal fries from Steve's plate.
With each step, each tug of the material of his trousers, the ring box-pressed distractingly against his thigh.
Three years on, and Tony was again sitting across from him at a small table in an otherwise empty restaurant (although this time it was because 'someone' had booked the place out).
"Um. Dumping me?"
, "Uh- breaking up? Going our own separate ways. Splitting up-"
Only, Steve was sure of Tony's feelings. Sure of Tony. Knew without a doubt that he wouldn't have a chance in hell of stopping Tony from selling his soul if it would save Steve's.
Steve had a goddamn ring in his pocket for this infuriating, exasperatingly,
"Yes, alright I get it, thank you. Glad we're not breaking up, but you can tell me what's got you all worked up now..." Tony sassed, vulnerability, fear, and insecurity so very obviously returned to the depths of the realm of uncomfortable emotion banishment.
Comfort be damned, Steve deliberately unlinked their fingers, tugging his hand away. He needed to be able to place both on his hips to portray appropriate levels of disbelief and incredulity as he questioned, "I'm sorry,
The repeated "No" was a definite negative, and Steve took an alarming amount of reassurance from that. His heart even started to beat again.
He swallowed the last morsel of his meal, the spoonful mostly sauce and perhaps altogether too moreish, shifting uncomfortably in his stomach after he forced it down, his muscles tight with unease.
Tony glanced up, his eyes jumping from Steve's empty plate to his own half-eaten dinner. He winced and then gestured towards Steve's empty glass with a subdued "Sorry. More wine?"
Forcing himself to pull back (
Tony's fingers stilled their tapping.
It took Steve a second to follow the statement back to its subject, and only a second longer for his frustration with Tony to soften, anger redirected toward the faceless, nameless damage of Tony's past.
It had ended up with them making out on a bench in Central Park at 2 am. That had been new.
Three years had all been leading to this very evening. Or perhaps a lifetime. More.
And that was why Steve wasn't relaxed and content; because Tony wasn't.
And it was
) was fine, stared over his left shoulder somewhere, refusing to meet Steve's eyes.
"And I'm not breaking up with you-" Steve finished, lips brushing Tony's with each word, his exhale on the last syllable weighing warm and heavy between them.
and ran with it, stepping aggressively towards Tony. He was rewarded when Tony took an instinctual step backward. Steve pressed closer, another step forward, Tony another step back-
Everything was perfect. The atmosphere, the venue, the food, and service. Even Tony was perfect, despite whatever was bothering him.
Tony, unafraid, non-confrontational, stepped closer, his hand curling around Steve's bicep as he murmured, "Steve, babe-"
"Wha- Tony? What are you-" Steve stuttered out but allowed Tony to pull him to his feet, his tossed napkin barely landing on the edge of the table as he was tugged toward the door.
"Old stick at
...It wasn't a lie if it was the truth, right?
To Tony's credit, the grounds were simply stunning. Lush foliage all glossy with moonlight, a dark green sheen present in the darkness. Carefully placed lighting reflected off the trickling water of the small stream that meandered through the gardens. The sound of music was lost, replaced with the gentle stir of the overhead trees. The twilight symphony drawing to its close for the evening, the occasional lone insect chirping a last lingering melody.
Steve blinked.
He needed Tony to remember being asked as a gesture of honesty and sincerity.
Tony, though, licked his reddened lips, eyes glassy as he replied, "No. No, I don't think so, actually. I might have been a bit hasty
Smiling softly, trying to alleviate whatever was causing his boyfriend to hover over his meal and pick at it halfheartedly, Steve replied, "I'm good, thanks. No rush, babe- take your time, enjoy it. "
he was gratified by the way Tony instinctually chased his lips, even as his eyes opened, slightly hazy and unfocused.
Laugh.
- a sex thing?!" Tony crowed, dragging them to a stop to pin Steve with curious, salacious eyes.
Thanking his enhanced sight that allowed him to see the way Tony's lips pressed tightly together, his obvious discomfort at the compliments belied by the way his eyes dropped bashfully, slight flush of pink coloring his ears.
. Somewhere where nostalgia and familiarity met, leaving Steve relaxed and untroubled.
Perfect for Steve, anyway.
They'd even talked about marriage, and weddings, and their life together, in a round-a-bout sort of way (Hulk would be the ring bearer, and Fury would officiate). It was all very vague 'one day our future will be-' type conversation, but Steve knew Tony spoke with the same undercurrent of seriousness and expectancy as he did.
It clicked.
Steve supposed the
Steve's mind raced.
His eyes were fixed on Tony's face from bare centimeters away, the solar lit gardens reflective in the deep velvet brown of his eyes, shadow throwing his skin into pale relief beneath the moonlight. Lips plump and-
"Well. That's good. Then. I guess." Was the apparent conclusion of said genius.
Tony sighed, dragging a too rough hand through his hair, "I'm old stick at this, Steve-"
He was going to have to consider the night a win/win anyway, despite the ring still burning a hole in his pocket.
But, if he wasn't going to ask yet, (and he wasn't), he needed a reason for his apparently squirrelly behavior.
He couldn't brush it off, because he knew Tony. Knew that:
Now completely and utterly lost, and not in the overly indulgent way that he often found himself when following Tony's ramblings, Steve stepped closer. He reached to curl Tony's hand back into his, squeezing gently as he tried to clarify- "At what?"
Stepping close enough that Tony's chest pressed against his when their breaths synchronized, Steve whispered, "
"No! No, I don't want to break up! Pretty sure if anyone's gonna know it's me, and I love you, you ignoramus!" throwing his hands in the air for emphasis and drama was entirely warranted, and it seemed quite a natural progression to spin on his heel, stomping several steps away to sulk.
Steve resisted gently, using just a fraction of his strength, but the movement still easily drew Tony back to his side, the older falling silent as Steve adjusted their handhold, pulling his wrist from Tony's grasp and linking their fingers together instead.
Steve tilted his head with a sigh, toning down the on the 'predatory stalker vives' with a muttered, "You're
Something sharp and brittle curled its foul claws into Steve's stomach, creating physical illness beneath his shock. His knees felt weak, chest tight as he forced the words between numb lips, voice dry with utter disbelief, "Tony. Are you breaking up- No." Ducking his head slightly in an attempt to meet his boyfriend's eyes in the dark, Steve clarified, "Do you want to break up with me?"
He felt his ears begin to heat as he deliberately avoided the way Tony's face turned toward him in the dark as he deduced Steve's meaning, returning, "Something you've been wanting to try? Like- oh.
Tony looked up at him with blatant suspicion, and Steve continued," Momentary hiccup at most. You're here, I'm here, we made out against a tree. I'm happy." just trying to make Tony-
Pulling them to a stop for the second time that evening, beneath the halo of a rare overhead light, illuminating the area as they approached the edge of the carpark, Steve interrupted, "You didn't. You really, really didn't."
"I can't- just, I know-" He took a deep steadying breath, visibly steeling himself, shoulders drawing upward and back straightening, "Just- I can tell you're trying for an easy letdown, but there's no such thing. Just do it."
He tapped his fingers against the small square box that he hoped wasn't outlined too obviously in his pocket.
Tony was still rambling, and Steve tuned back in, in time to hear- "Sorry, sorry- you wouldn't, not like that-" and felt the ice in his stomach melt slightly, his shoulders slumping with relief-
. Third anniversary, we wined and dined, and I went home alone."
Steve asked, his hands curling over Tony's shoulders - and it wasn't really a question. At least, Tony had better not think it was actually a question-
His hands were sweaty again; he rubbed them against the soft material of his slacks, hoping the darkness of the fabric would conceal any stain his damp palms left.
