Then his eyes alighted on Dean’s biology book. Truth be told, Cas was falling a little behind in his studies in that particular class. It was hard work trying to think of something witty and flirtatious-but-not-too-obvious to respond to Dean’s witty and flirtatious-but-definitely-just-kidding remarks in his book.
He let out a sigh of relief, but before he could further assess the situation, the dirt beneath his feet gave way and crumbled into the crater, Dean following with a shout. Luckily he had managed to fall backwards and the crater didn’t seem to be dangerously steep. Painfully steep, as Dean felt branches and rocks scrape against the bare skin of his back where his shirt and sweatshirt had rucked up in the slide, but he was fairly confident he’d survive. He did wish he could see the bottom, though, but down here the light was almost blinding. He just hoped it wasn’t aliens. He’d feel so stupid if he ran to his own abduction.
“Yes, you are,” Cas told him. “I’m starting to feel like you’re ashamed of what I am.”
“Maybe you’re the problem then,” Dean laughed. The crowed of dancers around them were jumping up and down to the beat, jostling Dean and Cas closer together, the space they had carved out for themselves being chipped away to the beat of the zig-ah-zig-ah’s.
“Yeah, well, he sort of disowned me when I went off to college.”
Dean winked at him. “I thought that’s why you were here. To distract me.”
Sam opened his mouth to reply, most likely with something scathing, but Cas cut him off.
. Babe, you could keep your wings out
Dean dropped his feet back to the floor and put his head in his hands for a few moments before straightening up and grabbing up the phone again.
Dean just shouted and struggled harder.
“How’d you fall anyways?” Dean asked him. He’d already asked him at the bottom of the crater, but Cas hadn’t exactly provided any real answers. And Dean sort of really wanted to know what could cause a star to actually fall out of the sky.
The bell rang loudly overhead.
Dean and Cas subconsciously took a step back towards the girls.
“But I don’t even know how to dance.” Cas said it like he just admitted to still watching Barney. “And I think that’s something she’ll probably expect to do.”
“We’re not moving, Dean,” Cas told him calmly. “This
“Shut up,” he said and then smacked her hand again. “And stop trying to steal my French fries!”
Cas managed a nod so Dean just grinned and gave him a quick peck on the lips. “Eggs and bacon okay?” he asked, standing up and walking around the kitchen as if it were his own, grabbing the necessary ingredients and utensils. Cas grunted in the affirmative and fifteen minutes later Dean was plopping a plate overflowing with food down in front of him.
“Well, I overheard some people talking in the bar last night and they were all saying that the girl got pregnant and was sent to like live with an aunt or something to have the baby so no one would know.”
“Sam said he stepped off the path before he saw the real monster, right?” Cas asked, moving to the very edge of the path.
Dean shoved his arm. “Shut up,” he said. “You try waking up to someone in bed.”
“No, I am being quite serious.”
. Dean really hoped Cas didn’t suggest his usual way of wanting to deal with his dad because he might just be inclined to agree at the moment.
Gabriel held up the box and examined what looked like a mini replica of the Millennium Falcon. “Dang, bro. You’re telling me this is chocolate?”
“Fine,” John said. “I’ll work the case myself. It’s nice to know you care about your brother.”
, but he could feel his heart in his throat and he really
“I must say, you are taking this information much better than Dean did,” Cas told him. “He punched me in the face.”
“Alright, fine,” Dean replied with a grin. “I’ll take credit for us. Best thing I’ve ever done.”
“Find everything you’re looking for?” he asked, taking a sip of his own coffee.
“I don’t know,” Dean said. “You’re a smart kid.”
Dean smiled at that and couldn’t help but to look back over at Cas. A
Charlie and Jo were picked up promptly, but Dean and Cas weren’t exactly complaining that they had to wait. Even the unbearable heat wasn’t going to diminish their happy bubble. In fact, the only time they felt like complaining was when Cas’ older brother, Gabe, honked the horn of his old Lincoln Continental to get their attention.
There was a small moment of silence before Charlie exploded. “So how did it go last night?”
“No way,” Dean said. “Not until you say that you missed me too while you were being all weird and mopey.” He grabbed Sam’s head and started giving him a noogie.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “You want to have a talk with us? About our relationship?”
He wiped away the last of the evidence of his crying and sped up to see who was going through his room. But when he got to the doorway he was blocked by someone coming out. They literally bonked heads and bounced off of each other.
"Maybe we should volunteer to help canvass the neighborhood," Dean suggested later that evening when the three of them were seated on the couch watching Sam's favorite episode of Ninja Turtles and eating Sam's favorite pizza. In Dean's opinion it had too many vegetables to still be considered edible, but for once he didn't comment and just pulled the offending pieces off and put them on the side of his plate.
“I didn’t say I didn’t like Dean’s sweater,” Sam cut in once he caught sight of the kicked puppy look that Cas was sporting. “I—I think they’re great. Very festive.”
“Hey, that’s not fair,” Dean said. “I just want us to be safe, Cas. You’re the one who wanted the fucking bay windows at the front of the house.”
Cas nodded. “Unfortunately.”
“Yeah, boss?”
Finally, the park came into view ahead of him, the woods looking as eerie as he would expect in the dark. He saw his friends standing huddled against the tree line and made a bee line for them.
“Yeah, well, stop it.” Dean crossed his arms. “It’s weird.
“No,” he said. “But it’s my fault he came here.”
“You better not stain my new table cloth,” Dean told him, handing him a plate filled with eggs and bacon.
“Alright,” Dean said. “Well, one plan is better than none.”
Dean’s face fell. “Oh, uh, yeah. Good thinking. I’m sweating my ass off out here.” He shot Cas a quick grin.
Charlie snorted. “Whatever, boss. You’ve got a new Chevy to work on this morning. I checked it out and the frame is salvageable, I think, but the inside needs a
They both stood awkwardly, not making eye contact until at once they both shouted, “Here!” and shoved their presents into the other’s arms.
“Who’s winning?” she asked.
“Oh, so you’re afraid of doors?”
Bobby rolled his eyes. “And if I had told you that, what would you have done? Left well enough alone?”
And then Dean remembered what he had been doing immediately before he had seen Cas streaking across the sky.
Dean’s smile just stretched wider.
Cas leaned even closer to Dean. “I packed that pair of cowboy boots you got for Halloween last year. I was thinking we could take turns getting fucked by Doctor Sexy.”
“Says the guy who practically sleeps with his biology book,” Sam retorted before closing himself off in his room.
Dean sighed. “You know I’m just messing with you, right? There’s no such thing as the monster in the woods.”
“What does he have to say?” a deep voice asked from behind.
He could hear Cas heave a sigh behind him, but he still refused to turn around. If Cas wanted out then he had to respect that Dean wouldn’t watch him go. Not again.
Cas rolled his eyes. “Don’t push it.”
“Whatever, Sasquatch,” Dean said. “There’s some extra grub on the stove if you’re hungry. Although it’s not as healthy as your highness would like.”
“Me too,” Dean said. Then he cleared his throat, suddenly far more nervous than he’d been all day, even more than when he’d been trying to ask Cas to the dance in the first place. His mouth felt suddenly dry and he wished he could take his hand back from Cas, just for a second, to wipe it off on his jeans.
Cas’ retort was swallowed up as Dean finally kissed him.
. He was looking at Dean like he had just grown another head—or maybe Cas was just realizing how utterly, pathetically in love Dean Winchester was with him and couldn’t quite believe how he could ever dare to love an angel.
“Well that’s what this sexy ass jacket is for,” Dean said, slinging an arm around his shoulders and leading him towards his club once again.
Dean smiled. “It’s perfect, Bobby, thanks.”
“I’m not worried about that, Cas!” Dean shouted. “I know you can take care of yourself, alright? I
“That bad, huh?”
“Please, let me explain before you jump to the wrong conclusion,” Cas said. He waited patiently for Dean to give a sign that he was still listening and not beating himself up over his stupidity in the privacy of his own head. Finally, he squeezed Cas’ hand back and turned his now watery eyes up to the sky. “Thank you,” Cas said. “Now, I don’t think people are stars because I don’t like the idea of them being so far away. Dean, it takes lifetimes for a star’s light to reach the Earth. A star’s loved ones would already be long gone before they got the chance to see them again.”
“You should try dangling something shiny in front of him,” Dean stage whispered. “Like a cat with a bobble.”
“Where’s Sam?” Dean whispered. “It’s everyone but Sammy.”
Dean stepped forward. “Sam,” he said, desperate, pleading. But Cas held him back.
“A name, Sam,” John said. “All I need is a name.”
Dean faced Bobby with a single brow raised in skepticism. “Is that so, Bobby? This new lead seems promising? Share with the class.”
Sam let out the breath he was holding with a smile. “Anything,” he told her.
Dean shrugged. “I guess it did at first. But now I like ‘em. And dude, the possibilities in bed are endless. The positions—“
Dean blushed a deep crimson. “Oh god, I’m sorry,” he said. “It’s just—I—you’re here and then you were
“Man, did they have to pick the hottest day of the year to do this, though?” he asked
Okay, so Dean totally had him there. But he couldn’t just give up. “Yeah, but this time it’s my choice to help. Bobby doesn’t think this one will end up a dead end.” He turned to Bobby. “Right? Tell Dean this one seems promising.”
“Yeah,” Dean replied. “I mean, Charlie’s going to kill me for not getting my choices in by Friday, but I think I’ve picked my favorites.”
It was a few hours before Sam finally decided to brave the kitchen once again. Dean and Cas were gone, along with the pie. Sam huffed out a laugh and stepped over to the counter. Okay, maybe the whole pie wasn’t gone. On the counter was a tiny sliver on a plate, placed right next to a dirty mixing bowl and about four smashed egg shells.
Dean had to stop the kiss because he just couldn’t stop smiling.
“Uh, guys?” Charlie said.
“I’m sure they are,” Charlie said. “But the monster has to have some sort of hideout that’s yet to be discovered, otherwise other people would have seen it by now.”
Automatically, the four turned to look, but there was nothing there.
“If it was really them, I’ll help,” Cas said. “But I think Sam may have actually—“
Cas furrowed his brow as he closed his locker. “Prank him?”
“Finish your work, Dean. Then we’ll talk.”
Dean felt the give in the rope and tried twisting and turning his hand which was slowly starting to slip free. But he didn’t think he’d be able to do it in time to stop his dad.
Sam didn't turn around but Dean could tell by the stiffening of his posture that he was definitely more invested in this conversation than he had been previously. "You did listen to me."
“But—“
They ate in a tense silence, Dean picking at his while Cas devoured his whole plate and then swapped it out for Dean’s leftovers.
Dean snorted out a laugh, pretty sure he was the only one that quite understood what a smartass Cas really was. He only had a moment to reflect upon it before Charlie was pushing him up to join Cas.
Dean opened his mouth to reply but there came a loud pounding on the door and a shouted, “Dean! Dean, I know you’re in there!”
Mary turned a look of disapproval to Dean.
“Apple?” Dean asked, eyes wide with hope.
“I wanted to give you an easy way to go.”
“Hurry, Sam, we’re going to get left behind!” Ava Wilson huffed and hurried to catch up with the rest of their classmates.
“Dude, you can’t go with her,” Dean exclaimed, throwing his hands up in the air. “She’ll ruin the dance for you!”
were the one that said it was a fake date.”
, he told him. Not because he particularly liked this track, but because he knew the smile it would earn him. And not a second later, Dean took his eyes off the road again to shoot him a wide grin, pride and joy just radiating off of him. Cas loved that smile, and that went double when it was directed at him. It made him feel like someone was pouring gasoline over the fire already raging in his heart.
“I told him not to come,” Bobby continued, and Dean still only heard it faintly. “But that idjit won’t listen. Says he’s had a breakthrough in your mother’s case and needs my help.”
Cas rolled his eyes. “I’m just walking him to his door.”
Cas grunted in reply and poured himself some coffee.
“It was
He must be hallucinating. Maybe he had tripped and hit his head? Maybe he had tripped and
“You convinced Dean to go on a plane?”
“So if I asked him that, right now, he’d tell me that he asked for your help.”
“Dean!” Mary said and he jumped. “Dean, the detectives are asking you a question.”
Fortunately, no one jumped out of any hiding spots yelling, “Psych!” so Cas let himself entertain the possibility that this was real. That Dean had actually meant the things that were written in his handwriting. Most were unfinished sentences, trailing off with unused potential. Some were complete sentences with words crossed out here and there. On the whole it looked like the longest rough draft to a single question he’d ever seen.
“Yes,” Cas replied. “But never with a satisfactory outcome.”
Cas nodded. “You said Sam was happy. Were you?”
“Do what?”
Sam cast his eyes down in shame. “I didn’t want you to hate me… and I figured if you did… you would forget I told you…”
Dean, Sam, and Charlie all laughed while Jo rolled her eyes.
“I know,” Dean replied. “But do you have any idea how hard it is to plan surprises for someone that can read your mind at any given second? I’ve been staying up late each night to work on it because our beds are barely far apart enough that we can’t read each other.”
or whatever.”
“Do we have to move again?” Cas asked.
“Bet you five bucks they’re listening in at the door.” Dean raised his brows at him.
stupid. Cas had come up and told him he was leaving, because, of course he was. Cas was always going to leave. Dean was just stupid enough to think that because he’d stayed so long this time that maybe he wouldn’t. Like two weeks could really make that big of a difference.
Dean snorted. “Sammy, in your whole life have you ever known dad to give anything up?”
“Yeah,” Dean said. “But he didn’t do it with
“My love, you need to relax.”
“Just don’t tell him, okay? If he calls you back, don’t tell him where I am.”
“It’s called online shopping,” Charlie said. “But we’re getting off topic. You need to go over there and ask your boy out. Trust me.”
There was a moment’s pause before Cas said, “This could be good news, Dean.”
“You’re already a beautiful butterfly, Dean,” Cas told him sleepily.
He was cut off by the ringing of the doorbell and Cas was tearing across his house in the blink of an eye.
,” Jo said.
He swung his bat over his shoulder as he reached them. Cas had his own baseball bat, but he held his at his side like it was an extension of his own arm. Jo played with the knife they had managed to bless, flipping it from hand to hand, throwing it in the air in graceful arcs before catching it again. A nervous tic. And in Charlie’s tight grip was—
He paused leaning halfway down to pick up the bag containing all of his new robes and realized he’d be able to sleep as late as he wanted. If he could get to sleep, that is. This was going to be the first time since he was four years old that he wouldn’t be sharing a room. Some people might be excited by the prospect, but Dean honestly wasn’t sure that he was going to be able to fall asleep at all without the sound of his brother snoring next to him.
“You mean the crater I made after falling out of the sky ‘checking you out.’” He still sounded mortified, but his glow was returning to its usual soft levels.
“Same thing, babe.”
Cas slid into the seat next to him. “It’s one stain, Dean. We can just wash it.”
“Ow!” she said, punching him back. “You shut up.”
“We’ll move the phone,” Cas told her. And he did, moving the phone to the very edge of Dean’s desk.
Dean was not okay. Cas had been tackled out of the sky by something that looked straight out of a fairytale from hell, and as if that wasn’t bad enough, it had happened
A corner of Cas’ mouth turned up in a small smile. “Perhaps it was the opposite. I think I may have approached you much sooner had I known this was mutual.”
“Oh!” Dean said, striding into the room and cutting Cas off. “I almost forgot.” He pulled Cas into a sloppy kiss with far too much tongue and groping for it to be considered anything but indecent. “See you later Mr. President,” he added and, with wink and a quick slap to Cas’ ass, he was out the door, leaving Cas to face his club red-faced and completely awestruck.
Cas gripped his sword tightly, though it wasn’t a sword in the traditional sense. His was a cylinder sharpened and formed into a sharp point. He felt it suited his fighting style the best.
. On a full ride, I might add.”
Dean sighed and prepared himself for a repeat of last period, although knowing Jo, with much more swearing and punches.
Charlie put the muffin down to grab him by his shoulders. “Hey,” she said. “Cas is going to love the present. You need to stop freaking out. I mean, would it really be so bad if it was... you know…”
He heard a slight rustle behind him and spun with his blade at the ready but there was nothing there. Suspecting one of his adversary’s tricks, Cas ducked and kicked his leg out behind him, swiping it along the ground. It made contact with a figure and he heard a thump and an ‘oof.’ That was new.
Dean laughed. “Come on, Cas. He’s not so bad once you get passed the general air of dickishness.”
So, really, he wasn’t worried. Not until there was a weird sort of tingle that went from his head to his gut. It was similar to how it felt when Dean used magic, though Cas had just barely been able to pinpoint that feeling during their daily classes while he was on the lookout for it. Every time either one of them used magic, the spell buzzed through their connection, gathering as much magic as it needed as it went. But this was…
Sam opened his mouth to reply in the affirmative, but Dean cut him off before he could.
Cas pulled him in close and gave him a quick kiss. “I don’t know, we can figure it out when I’m not late for chess club.”
“Probably still a normal one,” Cas said, trying to wade through the balloons to get to his wardrobe. Dean’s first dozen or so balloons had trouble retaining their ability to float, though Dean had nailed it on the last three dozen.
“What who are saying?” Charlie asked.
“It was our honeymoon,” Cas told him, moving on to taping a large piece of gauze onto Dean’s wound.
“I thought we had agreed on ‘ruggedly handsome,’” Cas groused.
“I’m just saying,” Cas said, choosing his words delicately. “It wasn’t that long ago that you—“
“It wasn’t a race,” Cas told him. “I—I had just remembered that I had forgotten to tell Dean—“
Sam had to turn away in order to avoid further scarring himself from their enthusiastic response to their engagement. He stomped his way into the store and glared at anyone who gave him a funny look at the sight of him in his ridiculous sweater.
By ten, Sam couldn’t take it anymore and announced he was going to get ahead on some of his reading.
“I just, I don’t want him to know, okay?” Dean said.
Cas shook his head fondly. “Give me a few more minutes to recover and you may just get your wish.”
“Then let me go get the beer,” Cas said.
Jo snorted. “Blame your brothers. They’re the ones that thought the whole thing up.” And with a swish of blonde hair she was gone through the classroom door.
“’Assbutt’?” Dean asked with a raised brow. “Who’s king of the dorks now?”
There was a short silence in which Sam had to remind himself not to feel guilty for making things awkward since they were the jerks that tricked Sam into wearing a hideous fire hazard.
The longer they stayed like that, the heavier the air between them felt. Things were shifting, subtly, but steadily. They were headed for something.
Dean let out a sigh of relief and put the bat down. He didn’t know what his brother was doing up at midnight, but at least it wasn’t a robber. He followed Sam’s path down the hall, keeping quiet so as not to wake his mom.
Dean bit his lip and looked away.
“I’m sorry,” he told her. “I didn’t mean to, I’m sorry. I’ll stop, I promise.”
Cas just laughed and began making his way towards the kitchen.
“Thanks,” Dean replied, straightening from where he was bent over into the innards of a rusted out truck.
“That weirdo kid? Sam’s friend’s brother, right?”
Cas peered at him for a moment, assessing, before finally handing over the box.
Jo and Charlie’s mouths both dropped open.
Cas shrugged. “Meg asked me to go with her.”
Crossing his arms in aggravation at being bossed around in his own home, he followed his father. “I’m not helping you,” he said. “You are being paranoid and I’m not about to mess up Dean’s life because of it. You’ve done enough damage to him. Just leave him alone.”
“Oh.” His voice was still small, sad.
“Is this just a really dramatic way of telling me that you love me?” Cas asked him.
A sharp sting slapped his face and cleared his head enough for him to see John standing in front of him. Dean gasped in a much needed lungful of air.
“Andy’s brother?” Dean scoffed. “Dude’s a total weirdo. Don’t listen to him.”
“You’re a fucking moron, Sammy,” Dean told him, but not unkindly.
“Oh I know, the
Sam smashed the phone back into its receiver. Charlie and Cas both spun around to look at him.
Sam raised the knife high, two feet in front of Dean.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Alright, drama queen.”
“You disappeared on him, he disappeared on you.” Jess looked over at him. “That’s the same thing, Sam.”
Sam snorted. “Dean, you’re fourteen.”
“Who?”
“Oh, come on,” Dean replied, nudging Cas’ shoulder with his own. “This is a great idea. You said he always wanted to be a pirate, right?”
Cas decided to take that moment to stumble his way into the kitchen. Sam looked over to wish him a good morning but cut himself off when he saw what he was wearing. A forest green sweater with a giant cartoon reindeer topped off with a glowing red nose. He looked back to Dean who was staring a little too fondly at the former angel.
“Sam used to tell me how you always used to cook for him,” Jess said, turning her bright smile from Cas to Dean while attempting to subtly elbow Sam in the side.
“Did you—Cas, did you
He flew a little closer to the ground, hoping to catch sight of Dean before his adversary arrived.
But Cas only responded by glowing brighter. Dean had to turn his back to him to protect his eyes.
Dean’s cheeks and ears turned pink. “What? No. I’m just…” He looked up and saw Charlie’s unimpressed stare. “Okay, I’m on his blog again. Shut up.”
But Dean just snorted. “Same goes for you,” he shot back.
Cas was the first to lift his light to help. “What is it?”
Dean felt a stab of betrayal shoot through him. He knew he sounded crazy, he knew that bringing up the monster was a longshot, but
“Cas, please,” Dean said.
Dean just shrugged and walked past Sam towards the coffee machine. “I like it,” he said. “It even lights up,” he added, turning around to give Sam the double eyebrow raise.
, then yeah. Couldn’t wait to take his name. My idea.”
“Hey!” he said, tearing it off of his head and balling it up. “What was that for?”
Cas bit his lip and nodded.
our home and we will not give it up so easily.”
Cas snorted. “My boyfriend is such a charmer.”
Sam elbowed Dean in the side.
Dean smacked him on the arm. “I don’t look psychotic.”
“I meant it when I said dinner’s ready,” Mary called after them. “That means no detours!”
“Dean, get off!”
“Alright,” Charlie grinned, seating herself next to Jo and pulling Sam down next to her.
Sam was debating whether he should go to the bathroom and try to wash his eyes out with every last ounce of soap in the bunker, or just go all in and gouge his eyes out with whatever was on hand in the kitchen. In the end he decided to get a cup of coffee and try and forget the last ten minutes. For the first time, he was really envying Dean’s short term memory loss.
Cas just gave him an innocent smile. "What?"
Dean groaned. “I forgot you were a little brother,” he said. “Dude, the monster is just something you tell your younger siblings to mess with them. It’s not real.”
“S’mores?” he offered, holding a hand out towards the log he had been using as a bench.
“Well, I made several,” Cas said. “But so far this is the only edible one.”
“Yes, sir,” Cas said, holding out a hand.
Dean just gave her a mock salute and closed the door.
“Right, awesome, but
“Hey,” she said brightly. “You’re Cas, right?”
After a moment’s hesitation, he said, “Yeah. Of course.”
“You scared me last night, Sam,” she said with a shake of her head. “I didn’t like seeing you like that. And I don’t like that
Dean bit the inside of his cheek before saying, “About three months, I think.”
“Come on, baby, please?” Dean whined.
Cas thankfully didn’t respond.
“Why are you looking?” he asked.
The final week of school passed in a haze of heat, finals, and (for Dean) the crushing anxiety of trying to work up the courage to ask Cas to the dance properly.
“Dean, I don’t know what’s going on with me,” Sam whispered, and Dean was horrified to realize that Sam was crying.
“Wait,” Dean said. Cas pulled away immediately, trying to take his hand back but Dean wouldn’t give up his grip on it.
The next morning found Dean out in the junkyard scouring the broken down heaps for any salvageable parts that he could use back home. He’d already found three things on his list by the time Bobby found him.
“Dean,” Charlie said delicately, stepping forward. “You can’t do it by yourself.”
The man blinked a few times, as if trying to adequately judge Castiel’s appearance. Apparently he didn’t like what he saw because he shook his head and went back to staring into his glass.
Dean shoved his shoulder, causing him to stumble a few steps, but he quickly fell back in line next to Dean, this time taking his hand and entwining their fingers. Dean blushed for an entirely different reason.
, Dean told him.
"Uh, hey," Dean said. "How'd you know it was me?"
Sam searched for something to collapse into, and barely managed to make it to the stuffed plush chair perpendicular to the couch Dean and Cas were sitting on. He figured he probably should be on high alert with the revelation that his dad was right about Cas, but he was just too flummoxed. He’d known Cas for months and never even suspected. Dean had known him for
Sam rolled his eyes. “Great comeback, jerk.” He changed it to the History Channel before grabbing another piece of pizza. “And you couldn’t have gotten one vegetable on the pizza? You had to get meatlovers?” he complained.
There was a hunt a few towns over, but it was a simple salt and burn and they took care of it pretty much upon arrival. Hunting things is a lot easier when you’ve got a nearly indestructible husband at your side.
Castiel was smiling politely at the both of them, but his gaze was lingering on Dean. Whether it was because Dean still had yet to wipe the dazed look off of his face, or he just found him more interesting, Sam decided he’d let Dean field the question.
Cas shrugged. “Not really. I’m just very good at making plans on the fly.”
“We live a very long time,” Cas said. “It’s a moot point.”
“That’s a good start, everyone loves chocolate.”
“Too bad,” she said with a shrug. “My niceness can only go so far.”
Cas frowned.
, Cas replied.
Cas sighed again and looked down at his feet. “I understand that my track record is not the best when it comes to staying with you.” He looked back up, right into Dean’s eyes. “But it was never my choice to leave.”
They were floating in zero gravity, but Cas had made sure provide his space with plenty of oxygen so he wouldn’t suffocate himself.
“Like hell I’m leaving,” Jo said. “If you guys are going down, obviously I’m going down with you. I just want to make sure we’re all on the same page here.”
Dean looked away, properly cowed.
“But I am,” Dean insisted. He sat up straighter in his chair and chanced touching their fingers together. “You see, I have this boyfriend, and he’s great. Pretty much the greatest thing that’s ever happened to me.” He couldn’t look Cas in the eyes, instead stared somewhere just above his head. “He’s also a little crazy, which I recently found out when he came up with a plan to
“Don’t mind me,” he told Cas. “But don’t beat him up too much. He was doing a pretty big spell, but I was supervising.” He grabbed a pen. “It is interesting that you felt it from that far. What did it feel like?”
“We should get Sam a dog,” Cas told him, using his thumb to wipe some of the tears from Dean’s cheeks. “You’re right. It would make him happy.”
“Positive,” Cas replied with a glare.
“We should probably go back in soon,” Dean said once the sun was completely below the horizon. “It’s getting pretty cold.”
“Yes,” Charlie confirmed, squirming out of Jo’s hold. “She said that if you two managed to get your shit together, then she could ask Victor to dance, no problem, and so she marched right up to him and said, ‘Hey, we’re dancing, let’s go.’”
“He went missing last night.”
Dean bumped his shoulder. “I am.”
Dean blushed for what must have been the thousandth time that day. “Shut up.”
A little smile lifted the corner of Cas’ mouth and he strode over to Dean and leaned in to give him a soft kiss. “I promise that next time I’ll be home in time for my snack.”
“And I am majorly, totally, butt crazy in love with you,” she said, leaning in and giving him a kiss. “But you’re still doing the dishes.”
“It’s not funny, Dean!” Sam whispered violently, trying to shrink in on himself to hopefully shrink the audience they had garnered. “I’m supposed to meet Jess for a study date later!”
“Hey! That’s not fair,” she said, trying and failing to get the chips back. “My crush is doomed by heterosexuality.”
“What’s your favorite thing?” Cas asked him, accepting the cracker-chocolate-cracker stack Dean handed him.
“Just keep breathing,” Cas told him. “You’re doing great.”
Castiel felt his heart drop to the soles of his shoes. What was he supposed to do now? Couldn’t the man feel their connection? Perhaps… perhaps Castiel was mistaken? Maybe he wanted a connection so badly that he convinced himself to feel one? Although, even the thought of that sounded insane. He couldn’t just will his soul into finding its mate and connecting to it. The bond was still very much there. The man’s soul was willing, even if he himself was not. But he had been slurring his speech, so perhaps it was just alcohol that was barring their connection.
All of a sudden, two yellow orbs appeared above the children, glowing the color of bile in the darkness.
“Seriously,” she replied.
“My gift,” he clarified. The idea had begun to form the first day in Hanscum’s class, remembering when they met and sparks flew. “Is it too…. Cheesy?”
“Hey, Cas?” Dean’s voice was small, hesitant, but Cas still jumped. It was the first sound of the night, after all, barring the rustling trees and squeaks of the lone swing moved by the breeze. After months of silent nights, Cas should have known that Dean was just building himself up for something. This was his serious voice. His this-might-be-stupid-but-I-need-to-ask-anyway voice. His my-dad-would-have-a-fit-if-he-found-out voice. This was the voice he only used with Cas.
“Really?” Dean croaked, turning shiny eyes up to look at Bobby.
“You told me not to call you for anything else,” Dean said. “I didn’t want you to take it out on the pie.”
Dean nodded. “Yeah. That’s what I think, too.”
Cas pulled two sodas out of the fridge and handed one to Dean, fingers brushing.
“Whatever,” Gabe said. “Should I be expecting anymore nighttime visits from Prince Dumbass?”
Charlie lingered in the doorway for another few seconds before finally leaving.
Cas rolled his eyes. “I thought you were joking about that.”
Cas stopped his pacing and turned to shoot Gabriel a withering glare. "None of your business," he said.
Cas elbowed him in the side. “You know what I mean,” Cas told him. “I don’t think anyone aside from Sam knows we’re together. And that’s only because he walked in on us in your room when you forgot to lock the door.”
Sam opened his mouth to respond when their mother walked in. “I’ve just gotten off the phone with the principal,” she announced.
“Dean,” Cas said. “May I speak to you, please?” His graveled tones—usually so soothing to his ears—now felt like they were scraping him raw.
And it was awesome.
“Crash and burn,” she replied against his lips.
Jess finally stopped stirring, put the spoon down and took the flowers from Sam. “These are beautiful,” she told him. “If you wash the dishes and give me a foot massage later then I might just think about forgiving you.”
“I heard that, Gallagher. You’re lucky to have me.”
“We’re going to find him, Dean,” Cas said, coming up from behind him and slipping their hands together.
“I have attempted to do so, yes,” Cas replied warily.
He flicked to the last entry.
“Yeah, I have class tomorrow morning,” Sam agreed.
Cas shot him a glare. “I meant you to hear it,” he said. “Because you are being dramatic.”
“I’m sure a simple finite incantatem would suffice,” Cas cut in before Dean could argue the point.
“Cas—just—stop!” he finally shouted. Cas finally relented and stood there seething as he glared at John.
“That’s very admirable, Dean,” Cas told him softly. “But he’s not seven anymore. He’s asking you for the truth and he’s old enough to handle it.”
Sam’s brows drew down even lower. “Why?”
Sam snorted. “He’s had worse, he’s fine. Besides, I don’t have all the details, but I also think that dad’s done a lot worse to Dean, so it’s not like I feel that bad for him.”
say something?” He turned and pierced Cas with a hard look.
Cas shook his head. “Charlie and Jo are coming over soon. They’re going to make fun of us for it. When your brother sees it, he’s going to make fun of us for it and
“Novak,” Dean corrected automatically.
Cas narrowed his eyes, but in curiosity, letting Dean help him to his feet.
"Ugh, do I have to break out the hose?" Sam asked.
Bobby let out a snort and took another drink of his beer. “Please,” he said. “The way that kid stared at Harrison Ford in movies? He damn near wore out my
“Why?” he demanded. “Because you don’t trust me?”
Sam flashed Dean and apologetic look before standing and walking back over to their father.
“You’re quitting the BBC?” Gabe demanded.
“Yes,” Cas replied. “Very. Charlie told me you’ve been trying to ask me to the dance since it was announced.”
Mary made Dean promise four times that he’d be home before sunset and that he’d stay in public areas and call every two hours before she let him go meet up with Cas, Charlie, and Jo.
Dinner was great. The steaks were cooked perfectly, the light salad on the side a perfect complement even though Dean had to be bullied into eating it since it was “rabbit food” and he was a self-proclaimed warrior. But even he had to admit it was pretty good. For rabbit food, of course.
That was it—he was done. Dean was quite positive that his chest had exploded because Cas was kissing him.
“Yup,” Dean said. “My dad has pulled the cat right out of the bag and is probably showing him off to the whole hunter community by now.”
“Dean!” Cas called. Dean looked over and caught Cas’ eye. “Up!”
“And your work ethic is bothersome.”
“I’m not going to ask dad what happened,” Sam said. “I swear. I’m just helping Bobby out.”
Sam smiled and shook his head but didn’t say anything.
Sam just crossed his arms and stood his ground.
“I love it,” Cas told him. He took the cord and carefully pulled it over his head. He looked down at the vial glowing on his chest and then covered it with his hand. Right over his heart. “Thank you.”
“Well, I mean,” Gabe took a huge bite. “I’m not complaining about the perks.” Crumbs went flying on the last word.
Dean snorted. “And end up stranded on the side of the road with nothing but a whoopee cushion and a rubber chicken? No thanks.”
“Are you kidding me right now?” Dean asked, starting the car.
Cas leaned in and kissed him. “For a very, very long time now.”
Cas turned his face back up to the stars. “I didn’t know you were religious, Dean.”
Cas smacked softly in the stomach, but Dean just grinned.
“But it’s not even my birthday,” Dean spluttered.
tape.”
“I understand,” Cas replied. “I, too, have an older brother.” Turning to Dean, he said, “How are you feeling?”
“Well,” Gilda said. “As fun as it’s been getting our asses kicked by the Novaks here, I think we need to head out.”
“Sam, undo the sigils on the ground.”
“To be fair,” Cas said. “Most people don’t bond immediately like we did. I suspect it happened so quickly because Dean’s inhibitions were gone and I was caught completely unawares. It happened before I even realized. Most humans are eased into the situation.”
“Well, get to it,” Bobby said, handing him the papers back. He got up and opened a cabinet in the corner of the room, coming back with a small vial. “Will this work?”
“Look,” Sam said. “If you don’t want to talk to me, fine, whatever, I get it. If you don’t want to talk about whatever the hell happened in your little fantasy world, that’s fine, too. But, Dean… you
Dean immediately let go of Sam and spun around on the spot. “Cas!” he said as Sam stepped out of reach.
“Then I don’t want to know,” Gabe said. “I’m done fighting with you. If you don’t want to tell me why I could sense your boytoy in the room last night, then—“
“I can see that,” Cas said.
“Uh, Cas?” Dean said, poking said sleeping former angel in the arm. Cas cracked an eye open to peer up at him. “Not that I don’t love that you decided to stay in the bunker with us, but what the hell are you doing in my bed with me?”
Dean’s brow furrowed as he clicked to open his schedule on his computer. “I don’t see any appointments,” he said.
“But—but—“ Charlie said sadly.
“What’s pretty funny?” Charlie asked, poking her head between them. “I thought we agreed no mind melding while others are present! It’s rude!”
It was Dean’s turn to roll his eyes, and he did so exaggeratedly. “Okay, Cas. Except he was freaked out about the monster before. And come on, they found the dumb costume dumped next to where Sam said he saw the thing.” He took his arm back from where it was resting around Cas.
“Really?” Jess sat up a little straighter. “What’d he say?”
It took them about ten minutes before they were pulling up to a shopping center, half of the parking lot blocked off by a chain link fence for a small field of Christmas trees.
“I’m thinking the music wasn’t the problem,” Cas said.
The image of his father sent him back to the motel the night Sammy had left. The yellowing wallpaper, stale smell of cigarettes and whiskey, the rough and tattered carpeting. He flinched in anticipation for the next blow but when it came the sting on his cheek was weaker than he had expected.
“Yeah, because we’re not already surrounded by useless sticks right now, right?” Dean said while Cas huffed out a laugh.
That's how Sam found them five minutes later, although the tickling had subsided into make out territory pretty quickly once their faces had come within range.
All humor gone from his face, Dean huffed. “Will you stop trying to kill my dad?”
Dean snorted and tipped his beer bottle back to drain the last of it into his mouth. “Sure thing, babe. Let’s go kick some ass.” He pushed himself up from where he had been sitting on the deck and walked over to his husband, leaning down to whisper in his ear, “Thank you.”
“Dean,” Bobby replied. “How’d the hunt go?”
“I thought you said you were invincible,” Sam said, having followed both of them and taking a seat at the table opposite Cas.
Charlie hurried over to Dean and began sawing at his restraints with the knife she had.
Cas nodded and grabbed the large bowl before heading back out.
Dean blushed and scratched the back of his neck. “Okay, well, he didn’t exactly say he’d rather go with me. Just that he’d rather go without a date with you, me, ‘n Jo than go with Meg. He may have also implied that it’s because he doesn’t know how to dance and thinks Meg will want that.”
Cas furrowed his brows. "And what?" he asked. "That's it. I'm asking Dean to the dance."
win that argument. You can’t just declare yourself the winner of an argument.”
Cas pushed himself into the air with his wings. His landing had blown out all the nearby flames, and now Cas’ wings worked to keep them away.
Cas covered up his laugh with a fake cough. He always brought out Jo’s full name any time she’d actually struck a nerve.
“Well, it’s not something that’s necessarily wrong. I suppose I just dislike the idea of that plan.”
He wasn’t wrong.
“That happened
Mary drove them to the police station where Dean picked up flyers for all three missing children while Sam was asked if he could tell them anything about the missing children since he had known all three, however vaguely he had known Ansem. Sam, Dean had to give it to him and his persistence, told them it was the monster in the woods. The police didn’t believe him but sent him on his way with their gratitude and a plea to try and think of anything else that could help them.
“Not your IQ, that’s for damn sure.”
Dean felt his heart drop into his stomach as some of the fear that had fled in face of his fury returned. He couldn’t know, right? There was nothing in their house that would point to it. It’s not like Cas kept a journal where he poured his dragon-y little heart out every night. The only thing he had was a giant leather-bound book of his genealogy, but that was kept under lock and key and didn’t exactly state he was a dragon, just that everyone in his family had weird ass names.
“Great first impression, Bobby,” Dean said, wiping his face off with his sleeve.
Dean blinked his eyes open, unaware that they had even been closed, and through a watery film saw the blue irises of his husband.
“Shouldn’t we leave some for Sam?” Cas asked.
“Well, I didn’t think some high school jerks were going to go and scare the crap out of him by dressing up as the dumb thing!” he said.
“You ever think that maybe hunting wasn’t exactly…” Dean sighed. “I dunno, like a good thing?”
Sam hung up his phone and tossed it onto the table, running his fingers through his hair.
“Yeah, yeah, asshole,” Dean grumbled, blushing a little at the endearment despite having heard it for years now.
“I’ll go grab you some coffee,” Dean told him, patting him on the shoulder.
“We’re with you,” Charlie said.
“So I just made a complete and total ass of myself,” Dean said. “Didn’t I?”
“And well, I was just thinking, hoping really, that my amazing, fantastic, absolutely wonderful boyfriend and love of my life would do one teensy, tiny little thing for me.” He nipped at Cas’ earlobe.
“Not as good as you two,” Jo snickered, not stopping even after Charlie elbowed her in the side.
Dean kissed him again.
Cas furrowed his brow and tilted his head to the side in his default expression for confusion. “Dean has a crush?”
“Dean,” Cas said urgently, slamming the door behind himself and striding dramatically into their shared apartment. “I need your help.”
“It got him,” Dean said. “It got Sammy.”
“Dean!” Bobby called from the other room.
Dean sat across from him and winked. “You still like it.”
“What the hell does that mean?”
“I think we should take you to a hospital,” Charlie said.
Castiel stared at the word pretty, feeling his cheeks redden. It was a joke, obviously, but still… Seeing that word applied to himself in Dean’s writing made his heart clench in his chest.
“Sounds perfect,” Charlie said, still trying to shoo them out. “Can’t wait. See you tomorrow, boss man.”
“Great,” Dean said, pulling him down the now empty hallway. “Let’s go get something to eat, I’m starving. Charlie kept stealing all my fries.”
“You guys own this place?” Sam asked, brain finally catching up to the conversation it seemed.
“Uh, duh?” Dean said. “Just trying to save you some serious therapy bills later.”
Dean!”
“Ow!” Dean said, rubbing the slight sting away.
He nodded. Then realized Cas couldn’t see him and said, “Okay.”
“Um, I’m not sorry,” she replied. “I still can’t believe you two managed to keep your dating a secret for a whole week.”
“M’fine,” Dean grit out. “Just hit my knee on the couch when I fell.”
“Yes,” Cas sighed. “But he works at a tutoring center for the school district.”
Dean rolled his eyes, but he seemed appeased.
“Who was that?”
“Dean?” Cas’ voice soothed the raw edge off of his nerves.
“Charlie, why don’t you go on home for the day? You can tell the others, too. I’ll close up,” Dean said.
“It’s not about the hunting,” Dean said.
“Please,” Castiel said. “Please don’t…” He put a hand out and attempted to comfort the man physically, but the man flinched away so hard he nearly fell off of his stool. Castiel immediately put his hands up in surrender. “I’m sorry,” he said immediately. “I didn’t mean to do anything to make you uncomfortable.”
Dean snorted humorlessly. “Yeah. I do.” Cas squeezed his hand. “And sorry, but I think we’re going to have to cut this visit short.”
“I can’t even have a hint?” Cas asked after twenty minutes on the road.
Well, it was now or never. Dean might as well get whatever this was going to turn out to be over with.
Dean hung up with a smile on his face and flopped back onto his bed.
“Good,” Dean said, rolling his head to the side to see where Cas was pointing. There on his nightstand was a small, brown teddy bear propping up a handmade card with THANK YOU spelled out in bright blue marker. “Guess Hallmark doesn’t make a ‘Thanks for pushing me out of the way’ card, huh?”
“He is,” Cas assured him. “He used African Dream Root just to try and help me achieve more restful sleep.”
“But I don’t have much money. I thought you’d have like…” Dean cast his eyes around, unwilling to let them land on Bobby.
Usually, they didn’t speak, which worked out just fine for Cas since he wasn’t the greatest with words. The two of them would just lie on the grass and stare up at the stars. This close to the city there weren’t many, but there were enough.
“Dean, back me up on this,” Jo said, turning to him.
“Good morning,” he mumbled back, landing a kiss halfway on Dean’s lips, too tired to take proper aim.
“You better not be hacking into secret government secrets on that computer,” he told her, taking the piece of paper she had just written the number down on.
Cas could see a leather cord hanging down, so he assumed it was a necklace of some sort, but he couldn’t see the pendant on it. Maybe it matched the one Dean wore around his own neck? The small head with horns that was said to protect its wearer. Sam had gotten it for him before he went to the Academy as a goodbye gift, and Cas knew that Dean treasured it, though he would never admit it to Sam.
Dean sprung away from Cas. “Yo, Sammy,” Dean said, trying to cover the sound of his rapidly beating heart with his nonchalance. “What happened to you?”
“But I’ve found that I prefer the Winchester way.”
Cas cracked his bat into one of the high schoolers and took the other two down in a tackle that would make a college scout wet himself. Jo pushed Ansem to the ground and jumped over his prone body, tackling Andy. Charlie shoved Ava with a hurried, “Sorry!” and threw herself onto Jake, taking them both down.
“You idiot!” Dean choked out. “Don’t you ever do that again!”
“No, no, yeah—I get that—just—“ Dean took a deep breath. “If it’s what you want, then yeah, man. Go for it. It’s not like I can hunt with my brain all scrambled, and there’s no way I’m letting you go on hunts alone.” He paused for a moment and rubbed the back of his neck. “Besides… I guess… I mean… You deserve to get your happy ending, Sammy.” His eyes darted over to Cas and they all knew the ‘like me’ was implied.
There was a short silence on Bobby’s end. “I’ll see what I can do about John.”
“Thanks,” Sam mumbled, shy under all the attention.
The man shifted and Castiel realized that he had one arm in a makeshift sling that looked like it was made from a torn shirt. Castiel had been so preoccupied with the state of their newly formed bond he hadn’t even bothered to look at the physical attributes of his mate. And although he was gorgeous, Castiel felt himself unable to look away from the dark purple bruising covering one of his eyes.
?” he asked.
“Duh, dude,” Dean told him. “Stop ruining it.”
“No time,” Cas said and with a harsh cry took off towards the children.
Dean wiped the sentimental look from his face and replaced it with a grin. “Told you they were listening in at the door, Sammy. Did you see that synchronized entrance after we had a little moment?”
“Cas thought we should try and make a good impression.” Dean shrugged and tried to steal a piece of shrimp from the pan Mary was making scampi in only to have his hand swatted away.
“Hmm,” Cas pretended to ponder, rolling onto his side to face Dean. “I suppose your brother is practically as tall as Chewbacca.”
Dean jumped when he felt hands wrap around his waist but he leaned back into the touch once he realized it was just Cas.
“Fuckin’ smartass,” Dean muttered. “You’re an asshole, you know that?”
“Maybe this means the monster didn’t get him,” Charlie said.
“Nothing so traumatic as that,” Cas assured him.
They both laughed, pulling each other closer until their noses were practically touching.
“I’ll figure it out,” Sam replied. “Bobby asked me to stay and help with the research.”
Dean kept his face hidden in Cas’ shoulder to hide his blush.
The next day Andy Gallagher was reported missing. His parents were absolutely beside themselves, having now lost two sons. Their tearful plea for them to be returned (or to return since no signs of a struggle could be found anywhere) had Mary hugging Sam and Dean so tightly to her that Dean felt as if he might bruise.
“I really don’t want this to be a prank, Dean. Please tell me it’s not a prank.”
“What?” she asked, brushing some of her hair behind an ear as if it had impaired her hearing. “No, no! Stare on! If he ever noticed, he’d like it. I promise.”
“Not that I’m not super relieved and all, but this place is kind of on fire.”
“Fine, fine,” Dean rolled his eyes.
“He’s not complaining,” Cas assured Dean. “I’m sure he’s just excited to see me kick your butt.”
“How did you fall?” Cas asked. He took a quick look around the room to see what Dean could have possibly been attempting to move for and his eyes landed on the crutches. “Dean,” he sighed. “Why didn’t you call me to help you?”
Cas just shrugged. "I'm just trying to make sure Sam feels safe enough that he can start hanging out with us again. It's been weird not having him around." He turned to look at Sam while Dean pondered just how devious his boyfriend really was, guilting Sam into hanging out with them. “I mean,” Cas continued, “we used to hang out all the time before Dean and I started dating. Have we really changed that much?”
Cas was too nervous. He’d had everything planned out this morning, how he was going to march right up to Dean at his locker and proudly present him with his gift and card and Dean would be so impressed that Cas hopefully wouldn’t have to even ask Dean to the dance, Dean would just say yes and everything would be perfect.
Dean shook his head, albeit fondly. “That’s cold, Sammy. I’m going to tell her you said that.”
“I thought you said you were healing,” Dean accused, rushing forward to add his hands into the mix, accidentally bumping Charlie out of the way.
“Of course not,” Cas replied, offended. “I would never. I’m merely pointing out that
Cas pushed Dean away and stood up, trying to readjust his clothes and pat down his hair to make himself look more presentable. "Sorry, Sam," he said. He cleared his throat. "Your brother makes it quite easy to get carried away."
Dean just shrugged. “I have a boyfriend in need.” He swooped down and gave Cas a quick peck on the lips. “Besides, you look better in it than I do.”
Dean threw a grin over his shoulder at Sam’s scowl. “Yeah, but I’m not the one complaining.”
Dean and Cas both grew very hot in the face.
but he stayed silent. “Dean?”
“Thank you,” Cas said once Dean handed it over.
“You’re not my secret,” he told him, seriously. Cas cast his eyes down to stare at the floor. “No, hey, look at me,” Dean said, lifting his chin up with a crooked finger. “You’re not my secret. Never, Cas.” He smirked. “You really think I’d give you that giant hickey if I didn’t want people to know I gave it to you?”
“You know, I managed to convince you that I was alright. I think Bobby might be willing to listen, as well.”
Cas followed obediently, his hand still wrapped around his present.
“And here I thought it was my perky nipples.”
"Dean?" Cas had taken the phone from Gabriel.
Cas finally grabbed Dean’s hand, entwining their fingers. Dean tried ot pretend like he wasn’t having a heart attack.
He could hear Cas’ smile as he replied weakly, “The same could be said for you.”
“What?” Dean asked, pushing himself into a sitting position with his back against the headboard. He quickly wiped his face, hoping Cas hadn’t seen the evidence of his tears. “What do you mean?”
Dean and Cas were stretched out in the back of a rusty old pick up watching the sun set on the horizon.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Because,” he said. “I refuse to go one more day without you watching Indiana Jones.” He waved the three DVD cases in Cas’ face before plopping down on the couch. “Sammy’s getting the snacks,
Dean grinned. “You said you’d hang back on a hunt ‘cause I said it was too dangerous.”
Cas took a deep breath. “I didn’t want to make you uncomfortable by keeping up our fake relationship any longer than we had to.” He shrugged. “I figured it was like a band-aid. Drop the charade fast enough and the pain would be minimal.”
The three of them watched him leave, and Sam at least had the decency to wait for the sound of the back door slamming shut before turning to Bobby and Cas. “What are you guys not telling me about Dean?”
“Urgent hunt. Don’t know how long it’ll be.”
Cas grimaced. “I’m not so sure you’ll feel the same after a night in the same house as Gabriel.”
“Actually, we’re just here visiting my girlfriend, Jessica Moore. Dean here is a huge fan so she promised us we could come and see how everything is done.”
a monster, but by this point I’m more worried that there is one and we’re going in with one little knife and no plan.”
“One day I’m going to steal those recipes and make them myself to put out if you won’t.”
,” Sam insisted earnestly.
“It is genius,” Cas grudgingly admitted. “You and Gabriel should never get together. Ever.”
! Her art master post can be found
Dean let out an unattractive snort. “You obviously don’t know the kid. He doesn’t give things up.” He shook his head. “This is why he wanted to stay with Bobby. He wanted to confront my dad.”
There was a short pause. “Why? You looking to give me some private tutoring?”
“You can squeeze in with me,” Dean said. “Come on, let’s go grab your pillow. We can pretend it’s like when we used to go camping out in the backyard and we had to squeeze in that tiny ass tent. It’ll be fun.” He pushed Sam away just enough to look him in the eye. “Okay?”
“Right,” she said. “Well, look, this is probably a little weird, but I’ve totally seen you staring at Dean—“
“Nah, we’re alright,” Dean said, pulling Charlie in for a one armed hug. “Cas just gets cranky when he’s hungry. He’s threatened to eat me three times on the way here. I’m starting to believe him.”
Dean’s alcohol addled brain didn’t even attempt to process that mouthful in its entirety. “’M Dean,” he replied.
Dean made a show of his frustration, groaning and rolling his eyes nearly out of their sockets. “How is me being alive today not proof that I’ll be alive tomorrow?” At Charlie’s continued silence, Dean went on, “Look, long story short, turns out Cas’ problem is supernatural so I’m going to do what I used to do best and kick some monster ass.”
“Does he—uh—does he know where I am?” Dean asked.
They sat together silently for a while as Dean drove.
Cas sighed. “What do you want to do about this situation?”
He was just trying to decide whether he could pass as a Hector when a hand grabbed his shoulder and yanked him around.
"Yeah, but Cas seems to think that the monster might actually be real."
“How on earth do you go from stoned out of your mind to charmer in like two seconds flat?” Sam asked, lowering his phone to stare at his brother.
Bobby turned to Sam, then. “You look like you’ve grown three feet since the last time I saw you.”
“I’ll give you that one,” Jo said. “I definitely thought it would be about something lame like the color scheme for their wedding.”
“We can survive a little longer,” Dean said, brushing past Cas to get himself some coffee.
“By your window?” Dean teased, but at a harsh look from Mary Dean stopped.
All of this happened within seconds and the next thing Cas knew they’d reached Plan B.
“This started out sounding like it was going to be nice,” Cas said, lips pursed in what was almost a pout.
After that, the only sounds between the brothers were their footfalls, worn sneakers on cement, and an occasional groan when the head became overwhelmingly unbearable. The sweltering summer heat had seemed to come early this year, the yellowing grass in the otherwise perfectly manicured lawns a strong testament to the fact.
Dean leaned in and placed a gentle kiss on Cas’ lips. “I love you so much, Cas.”
“Nerd!” Dean called after him.
“He didn’t mean three inches to get the remote,” Cas snapped, then seemed to catch himself and took a deep breath. “Dean you have a sprained knee, you’re hardly incapacitated.”
Sam paused for a moment. “Have you seen Cas lately?”
“Well then lay it on me,” Dean said. “As long as my pie is fine, I am fine.”
“It doesn’t have to be sex,” Cas told him. “I could just breathe a little—“
Dean’s eyes snapped to Cas’, all nerves forgotten. “Cas, you turd!” Dean shouted, flicking him in the arm. “You’re ruining my romantic gesture!”
“One of these days you’re going to have to introduce me to this Castiel, fella,” Bobby said when their conversation started coming to a close.
Dean yelped and sat up. "Not cool, dude."
Cas frowned and opened his mouth to try and comfort his best friend in some way, but the bell rang loudly and obnoxiously overhead.
Dean’s leg started shaking up and down, a nervous tic he’d picked up once he stopped punching things to get all of his frustrations out.
Cas nodded, confused. “You’re not going to ask me about this morning?”
“Shit,” Dean heard one of the teenagers say before the soft thunk of a bat hitting the ground. “Kid, are you okay?”
All four of them laughed.
So here it is! I hope you all liked it!! Comments and kudos are always appreciated :) And if anyone wants my tumblr, you can find me at
He plopped down in Dean’s desk chair and flicked the lamp on before grabbing the textbook and flipping it to chapter fourteen.
Cas bit his lip. “Well…” he said, stretching it out. “Have you heard about Ansem?”
Cas smacked him softly in the stomach with the back of his hand, but he was smiling now.
Sam shook his head. “He’s probably already in the next state over by now. Dean’s never really been one for settling down and actually thinking about things.” Sam ran a hand through his hair. “He’s probably getting into some bar brawl right now. That’s how he likes to deal with things. Can’t really blame him, I mean, he learned that from my dad, too.”
“What que—“ Dean smacked himself in the forehead. “Oh my god, duh, dude. Yes. Yes, I want to go to the dance with you.”
He spent the next few minutes staring at the board in a mindless haze, and before he knew it he was writing again.
“What? We’re trading the whole family now?” Dean asked.
Sam nodded. “Yeah, of course.” He bit his lip. “It’s just a lot different than I expected it to be.”
“Says the man who vowed to never even look at a car with Gabriel in it again.”
“Yours,” Cas said. “Definitely yours.”
Cas wasn’t home when Dean got there, so he went and took a long shower, trying to scrub as much grease off of himself as he could. His skin was tinged pink by the time he finished and he got out and wrapped a dark green towel around his waist.
“Those guys were jerks, okay?” Dean said, taking a few steps into the room. “Don’t let them bug you.”
“Or maybe Sam couldn’t just leave it like I told him and wanted to confront my dad about shit that’s none of his business.”
Dean huffed. “Whatever, that stupid thing wasn’t real, and I’m going to kick those jerks asses when they finally show up.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “I meant a specific needle, jackass.”
Dean shrugged. “Bobby’s probably doing research for someone and I have no idea where the hell Sam is.”
“Why don’t you do it?” Sam said. “You’ve got two legs.”
“Whoa,” Jo said. “Who said I’m not going?”
Sam snorted and shook his head. “I love you.”
Jess furrowed her brow. “Yeah.”
“Yes, sir,” Sam said and left the bathroom to go and rummage through his backpack where he was sure he had a ruler that would do the trick until his dad could find something better. As he searched, dumping nearly all the contents of his backpack onto the floor, his phone started ringing. Sam answered without looking at the caller. “Hello?”
But he still didn’t know what to do.
“What?” Cas asked, pulling away enough so that Dean could see the shocked look on his face. “You started that!”
!” Dean grabbed Sam’s arm in a vice grip as he saw his idol, sexy cowboy boot wearing, subject of his much teased about desktop background, Doctor Sexy himself, Castiel Novak.
He rolled his eyes. “Sam, you were probably the least sneaky little kid ever. I saw you hide the keys.”
"Yes, Cas can come," Mary laughed.
“Oh,” Dean said, a blush tingeing his cheeks.
He landed hard on the ground, stumbling a few steps until he regained his balance. He pulled his wings in close to his back and began weaving through the trees. He could hear the adversary on his tail, but it had definitely changed into something with feet if the stomping behind him was anything to go by. He didn’t look behind himself as he ran; it would only slow him down and right now he was focused on getting back to Cas.
“Oh,” Cas said, glowing with his blush.
“It’s stupid,” Dean said. “I know, but—“
“Do I look as badass as you?” Dean asked eagerly, wings quivering behind him. He turned his head to look at them as they instinctively curled forward so Dean could get a better look at them. He let out a low whistle. “Damn,” he said. “Not as cool looking as yours, but I’ll sure as hell take ‘em!” He twisted his wings every which way, getting a feel for them, before turning back to look at Cas. “Alright, Obi-Wan, teach me how these guys work.”
Cas blushed and wondered if that counted as flirting.
“Most likely,” Cas agreed.
“What do you mean it hasn’t arrived yet? What, you’re too good to go to the store and pick up the chocolate yourself? I know you’ve got a driver’s license, kiddo. I was the one that took you to get it.”
“Dean,” Mary said. “Maybe you should go and lie down in your room.”
Cas pulled away before Dean had any sort of chance to get his brain back on track and respond.
Cas’ suspicious look was replaced with a smirk. “I’m sorry, Dean,” he said. “I didn’t know that I had become so awesome I was now distracting you from a different classroom. I’ll try to rein it in out of respect for your grades.”
together, but like next door neighbors together and it all could have happened except he turned down the perfectly nice stranger sitting next to him and there was no possible way to salvage this situation because now Dean was crying
It was.
“Man,” Dean groaned. “Mine was horrible. I was a nervous wreck the whole time. Ask Charlie.”
Cas punched him in the arm.
Cas brightened and grabbed a few, stuffing them in his mouth. He groaned in delight and Dean felt his face heat up with a blush. And that was saying something because he was sitting only a couple feet away from a pretty healthy fire.
“Grab me another muffin,” she told her. “Chocolate.”
“Well,” Cas said, and Dean could feel how pleased he was, even though he wasn’t showing it. Having a Golden Bond was pretty sweet in regards to finally knowing what Cas was feeling. Dean liked to think that over the course of their friendship he had developed the ability to decipher Cas’ stoic reactions, but sometimes his face was just made of stone. It was nice to get confirmation that he was mostly right. “Is the first part of the plan coffee?”
“You can call me a prude all you want, Dean, but I do not want to hear what type of sex my brother and my best friend are having behind closed doors. I hear too much as it is.”
“But the knife,” Jo said, pointing her new flashlight towards the ground in the hopes of seeing it.
“Oh no,” Charlie said, standing aside to let them in her house. “Are you in the middle of a lover’s quarrel? Should you come back later?”
“Now’s not really the best time—“ he tried, but Dean held his hand out and cut him off.
“I know, it’s just, it is kind of cheesy and maybe lame, so it’s okay if you don’t -”
“Apologies,” Cas said. “I’m not used to having to tone it down. When you’re a wishing star you want to be as bright as you can so everyone can see you.”
Silence descended upon them after that. Dean drummed a random beat onto his knees with his thumbs. Cas continued to marvel at the fabric underneath his hands.
“Dean,” Cas murmured with a smirk. “Personal space?”
Sam left with a nod, still chuckling lightly to himself.
Dean pulled away from Cas to turn around and give Sam a wink. “What can I say? I’m irresistible.”
“We’re not having this discussion again,” Dean told him. He grabbed the remaining two plates and pushed his way past Sam to get to the pizza on the dining room table.
Cas took a few steps towards Dean, but that just caused Dean to retreat further. Sighing, Cas stopped and said, “I came to look for you. After what Sam said—“
“I may have had a growth spurt or two since then,” Sam said sheepishly.
Dean gave Sam a hard look. “What are you doing?”
He gave a single, sharp nod before straightening himself up to his full height and marching across the cafeteria towards his goal.
Cas sighed. “It is getting late. And I have to be up at five.”
“Cas! Behind you!” Dean called back.
“Dean?”
“What?” she asked. “What do you mean Sam is gone?” She moved past him to check Sam’s room, only to see the same emptiness Dean had.
“Yeah, but you like me anyway,” Dean said. “Now whaddya say we go get stupid.”
“How did you figure out it wasn’t real?” Cas asked.
Dean knew that Cas’ mom never made much of birthdays, or any holiday for that matter, which Dean found just an awful shame. That was why Dean set himself an alarm for early in the morning, making sure to charm his clock to ring only for him and got to work.
Sam nearly jumped out of his skin and he spun around with wide, terrified eyes.
Another nod. He thought about his mom, sitting at home next to the phone. They thought it would be best if she stayed in case Sam came home or someone called. There was a plain clothes officer with her. He couldn’t stop replaying the look on her face as she tried to tell Dean that he couldn’t go on the search. She was so terrified. Dean had never seen her look that way before. Never felt her clutch his shoulder so tightly it hurt. But what hurt worse was that tiny hint of anger buried underneath the worry and fear. Dean was the one who told Sam about the monster. Was it Dean’s fault that Sam was gone now? Maybe if he hadn’t been thinking about the monster, maybe it wouldn’t have come. Maybe it would have left Sam and his friends alone.
“Dean,” John said, relief practically palpable.
“That’s great, Dean. You’re doing great. Breathe with me again.”
are you?” Dean often reverted to tactlessness when stressed, and he was definitely stressed. Castiel was totally an alien’s name.
Mary rolled her eyes, albeit fondly. “Would you go and get Sam? Dinner’s ready.”
“We don’t know that for sure,” Cas said. “The story had to start somewhere, right?”
“Or your penis.”
“Gee, thanks,” Dean said.
Silence fell into the room, unsure and slightly tense.
“I walked in at the wrong part of that conversation,” Sam said, coming into the living room and taking a seat on a chair across the room from them.
“What are you doing?” Dean asked in a horrified whisper.
“Have you been outside today? We’re two seconds away from heatstroke,” Dean told her as she stepped aside to let them in.
“Are you sure you weren’t checking out the s’mores when you fell out of the sky?”
“What the hell, Cas!” Dean shouted, charging after him, the girls staying behind just a moment longer to trade a horrified look before they, too, charged with their own battle cries.
Sam grabbed at his still pink strands to see if any change had occurred. “Dean! You’re supposed to undo it!”
“No!” he nearly shouted. Apparently his dread far outweighed his desperation. Then in a calmer, much less crazed tone, he added, “No, thank you, but I’m fine to go with you.” He saw Balthazar coming back into the room. “Besides, I wouldn’t be so cruel as to leave you with only Balthazar for company.”
to move. He could change his name. Robert Plant. No, too obvious. Ted Nugent? Nope, just as bad. He needed something random, something that couldn’t be tied back to Dean Winchester: biggest loser on the planet.
But Dean still hung back awkwardly, hand hovering over the door handle. He kept glancing from the door to Cas.
“Dude,” Dean said. “You got me a
Dean crossed his arms tightly across his chest and leaned back in his chair. “It’s not fair,” he said petulantly.
“And if he stays? If he decides he wants to try and—“
Cas sighed and scrunched his face in annoyance. “She didn’t even give me a chance to answer,” he said. “She told me I should go with her and then put her finger on my mouth and told me to think about it.”
“Positive,” Cas told her. “I will be dealing with this personally.” He turned to Sam. “Drive.”
Dean couldn’t help the smile that stole across his face. “Okay. But try and get some sleep now, okay?”
“I can say it in another language, if you’d like. I know quite a few.”
“Me and the monster, well, we’d already bonded by then.”
“And here we are, only fifteen minutes late,” Dean added as they stopped just before a door with some soft chattering leaking out into the hall. “Call me when you’re done. I’ll be in the library trying to get a head start on that dumbass essay Mrs. Harvelle assigned us.” A quick peck on the lips and then Cas found himself being pushed into the room.
She shrugged. “The principal said that no one could find them, but they’re pretty sure it was some of the students that ditched today since they’re the only ones unaccounted for.”
“We’re going to get him back, Dean,” Cas murmured over and over again. “We’re going to get him back.”
Sam snorted. “Maybe, but… it was him, Jess. Standing right there. He even had like three pies in his cart, it was definitely him.”
Dean and Sam watched him leave the room, closing it silently behind himself.
“I promised I wouldn’t kill him,” Cas replied. “I’ll leave him with a pulse.”
“I’ll miss you.”
“Charlie,” Gilda admonished. “Come
“That didn’t stop you from taking seconds at Charlie’s last week,” Cas replied, walking out of the room.
Cas’ head whipped around. Dean stood in the doorway, eyes wide and mouth hanging open.
Cas peered at them over his mug, interested enough in their early morning antics to wipe the scowl off of his face.
“She definitely didn’t know,” Dean assured her. He was tempted to add that
Gabriel was too proud of the prank to be angry. Unfortunately, he also decided it meant that it was time to up his game.
“Oh, I dunno, maybe the fact that you love me?” he asked with his most charming grin.
But then Dean cleared his throat. “Maybe we should get back,” he said in a husky voice, as if they’d been there a thousand years and forgotten how to speak.
A grin took over Cas’ lips as he turned to face his devious boyfriend. “Oh, Dean,” he said, reaching a hand up to run through those golden brown strands. “You already do anything. Honestly, if there’s something we haven’t already tried, I think I’d be too scared to attempt it.”
“You’re welcome,” Charlie replied with a smile.
“Yes, but I was the one calling you ‘Captain,’ which you asked me to do, but no. Now Sam thinks I have some fetish with your football captaincy. It’s completely mortifying.”
Cas sighed. “Well, I got him some chocolate.”
“Guys,” Charlie said, placing herself between them to stop their petty squabble. “Cut it out. My god, am I the only one left that can act normal? Because I don’t think that says a lot of good things about our little group.”
He heard the click that signified Charlie was finally going to respond. “
Cas snorted and shook his head.
“Fuck, Sammy, you don’t even wait for a response? I coulda been naked!” Dean shouted.
Dean broke the hug with a sheepish smile. “Nah, just the same old stuff.”
“I’ll see you at work tomorrow,” Gilda added towards Jess who was standing by Sam’s side, trying to calm him down with a hand on his arm. Jess nodded at her with a strained looking smile, the best she could muster up in these circumstances.
Sam’s eyebrows shot up. “Hunters aren’t a threat?”
“What’d I do this time?” Dean asked, leaning back in his chair and putting his feet up on the desk. Bobby liked to call at least once a month to berate him for something, which was really just an excuse to check up on him and let him know how everyone was doing. He was the only old hunting contact that he kept in touch with, even going so far as to take a few jobs from him when they were local. Although, that last bit was mostly his way of thanking Bobby for helping him get his restoration business set up and giving him good deals on parts from his junkyard. Dean had even chanced a few visits when Bobby had assured him no other hunters would be around. He hadn’t introduced him to Cas, of course. Bobby was way too smart to not notice something was up with him, but Bobby did know about him. Even going so far as to send him a wedding gift of Johnny Walker Blue. Dean may have teared up a little, but Cas promised not to tell anyone about it.
“Cas, you knew Dean had a brother?” Charlie asked.
“But she did inform me that you would not mind if you caught me staring at you.”
Cas just smiled and gave him a quick peck. “I’ll be right back, my love.”
Dean rolled his eyes again, reaching into the side pocket of one of the bags and pulled a bottle of sunscreen out. “SPF fifty, to protect that delicate skin of yours.”
Cas kept his face stoic as he helped Charlie gather all of the little army men and put them back in the Risk box. “You don’t act this happy when I beat you,” he said.
“Light ‘em up,” Dean told him with a grin.
With the two of them shouldering their father’s weight, Dean and Sam managed to drag him to the safety of outside before the decrepit roof finally collapsed, bringing the rest of the barn with it. They deposited their father in the bed of his pick up and went over to Sam’s car where Charlie was fussing over Cas.
He sounded so utterly bewildered that Castiel tilted his head to the side to stare at him in confusion. “For what other reason would anyone bake a pie?”
“Goodnight, Dean.”
Cas lifted his shoulders in another shrug. “Not really.”
“Shit,” Sam cursed. “I’ll be there as soon as I can.” But Cas had hung up the phone before the sentence was even finished. Sam cursed again and jogged over to his car, fumbling with his keys as he attempted to open the door. He sped his way over to Dean’s shop, the Novak Restoration sign coming into view just as Cas stormed through the double doors beneath it, Charlie following quickly behind him with an open laptop clutched in her arms.
“Uh, yeah, dude,” Charlie said. “Your husband is kinda scary. But like, in a good way.”
The next day there was a reply waiting for him, innocent as anything.
“Please don’t,” Sam said.
“He drove away, so I think we’re good for now,” Sam said, coming into the living room. He sat down in the chair his father had been in and leaned over to pick up the picture he had been holding. “Where were you guys in this?”
“Can you two set the table?” she asked, handing Dean the plates.
“Oh,” Dean said. “I’m sorry, did you not realize that we were stranded in the middle of nowhere, and—oh yeah—naked!”
Dean shrugged and took another sip of juice.
“Come on, Sammy,” Dean said. “You’re a horrible liar. What’s up?”
“You ran off so quickly, I didn’t realize it was a race.” Balthazar walked into the apartment as if he owned the place.
“Who says I’ve forgiven you enough to go to dinner with you?”
“I’m fine,” Dean told her. “Just…” He had a million things he wanted to say.
Dean smiled the rest of the way to Charlie’s. Not even the triple digit weather could get him down now.
A slight pink tinge touched Cas’ cheeks. “I told you Gabe used to scare me about the monster when I was little. I may have spent some time trying to find out everything I could about it so I could be prepared if I ever encountered it.”
Dean nudged Cas. “Show him your wings.” He turned to Sam. “They’re
Sam snapped his head around to look at his brother who was staring past them, eyes glazed.
“Yes.” He turned back to look at the crew getting the scene set. The director was going to call him over in a second. “Are you going to watch?” he asked, cocking his head towards the set.
Cas elbowed him again. “You know what I’m talking about.”
Dean was the first to reach out and he grabbed Cas’ hand, guiding him to be among the other handful of couples dancing in the middle of the room.
Cas shrugged, watching his marshmallow closely. “My promotion was very recent. I’m not sure I’m qualified to tell you.”
Dean stumbled and blamed the uneven concrete of the sidewalk. “Meg? But you don’t even like her!”
Cas and Dean stumbled into the kitchen about twenty minutes later, giggling and still groping each other. Sam immediately averted his eyes and cleared his throat loudly.
“Same as yours,” Bobby replied easily. He sighed. “I should’ve gotten you boys away from him.”
It was fourth period when it happened. An episode of Bill Nye the Science Guy was playing in the background, but most of the students were wandering between desks, trading yearbooks for classmates to sign. Dean, Cas, and Jo were sitting in the corner furthest from the door when Meg walked over to them.
“Why not?”
“I believe the term ‘deadly’ would be aptly applied here,” Cas said before Dean had a chance to answer.
“Good,” Bobby grunted. “I’d hate for you to get out of the life only to be killed by overworking yourself.”
“If he
“I can’t be the only one thinking this, right?” Charlie asked, twenty minutes into their posting.
“It means I’ve been a hunter for too long, Dean. I just want to see if school is something I still want to do.”
. That’s not something I can forget so easily.”
“No,” Cas replied. “In order for the system to work, some would have had to bet against us.”
Dean just rolled his eyes. “Yeah, yeah. Just shut up about it, alright? We have quidditch practice.” He began walking towards the door, Cas hurrying to catch up.
“…and so you made me promise that I would remind you every day.”
. It has nothing to do with him. But now he’s going to look at me weird. He’s going to look at me like I’m some dumb, broken
“Thank you, Bobby,” Cas told him gravely.
“I have been,” Sam said, holding the phone up to his ear. “I’ve been trying for the past fifteen minutes. Maybe something happened. Maybe he found a hunt he had to go to?”
Gabriel followed him at a much more leisurely pace, stopping to lean against the wall as he watched Cas thank the delivery man.
Sam nodded and bent down in an attempt to pick his dad up. “I could use a little help,” he said.
“Did you not have a good time? You sounded fine on the phone last night.” Jess threw her magazine onto coffee table and gave her full attention to Sam.
is where you went when Dean was upset with you.”
“You’re not dead either.” Cas shot him a grin. “You are dramatic, though. And pathetic, at your own admission. And I would really like you to answer my question, because I’m starting to get nervous.”
,” Dean hissed. “Godamnit, Sam, just leave it.”
“I have more of a tan than you,” Cas told him.
“Done,” Dean assured him. “You’ll be eating so many home cooked meals you’ll forget what tv dinners taste like.”
“It’s very sweet of you to want to protect me and all, but—“
Once Dean was sure that he was out of ear shot he turned to Cas with a worried look written into the lines of his face.
Sam looked at Dean and saw the experience lining his face. He nodded.
Sam could not believe he hadn’t taken a drink yet. Dean almost choked to death on one of the sausages, but ended up coughing his way through it sans orange juice.
“Okay,” Dean said, eyes still narrowed in suspicion.
“Hey, man!” Dean nervously ruffled a hand through his sweat damp hair to try and make it more presentable, but to no avail. “I didn’t even hear you come up.”
“No,” he replied, squeezing his wings tighter around him.
“I thought the map led to the riddles,” Cas said.
!” Sam demanded. Dean would have called him petulant but the frustration and sincerity in Sam’s voice stopped him.
Sam bit the inside of his cheek and after a moment’s hesitation gave a single nod. “Sorry,” he added.
“I mean it’s not going to happen.”
Cas sighed. “I already told you that you may make it up to me later tonight.”
Cas gave him a sad little smile before leaning over to kiss him. “I get it,” Cas said, and he did. Dean had told him all about his unusual upbringing—how his bounty hunter father had dragged him and his brother all across the U.S. chasing felons and bail jumpers. How on more than a few occasions Dean was the sole caretaker of his younger brother for months at a time when his father deemed a situation too dangerous to bring them (and later when he sunk too deep into a drinking binge to bring himself back to his children). Now that Dean was out of the situation and had time to breathe for once, he noticed that it was the little things that set off his anxiety more and more.
Dean nodded. “I guess you’re right. Any other guesses on how to kill it?”
Jo let out a breath she hadn’t realized she’d been holding. “This is so stupid,” she said. “The monster isn’t real. We’re freaking ourselves out over nothing.” She marched past Cas and into the heart of the woods, fallen leaves and debris crunching under her feet. She made it five feet before she let out a scream and disappeared from view.
“Oh, I plan on it,” Gilda said with another lingering look towards Charlie. “And it was great meeting you guys, too. Charlie talks a lot, and at least twenty percent was about you two.”
“And you’re still not sick of me?”
comes near us again, Dean—“
“It worked, didn’t it?” Cas said, grabbing the knife by the hilt and pulling it out, crying out with the pain.
Cas hid a small smile behind a feigned cough, but Dean had no problem bursting into laughter.
He heard Bobby snort. “I guess I’ll take your word on that one since I know Cas doesn’t have a thing for virgins if he went for you.”
. It grabbed onto Cas, burning through the layers of clothes on his arms and charring his skin and taking off with him high into the sky. Cas watched on helplessly over his adversary’s shoulder as another flaming figure hit Dean, taking them both into the lake at the edge of the forest. With what little strength Cas had regained, he sent a thought out to Dean and, with a little finesse, managed to send Dean a pair of gills that would hopefully work in conjunction with his lungs depending on which he needed. Since Cas couldn’t be sure he would see him emerge from the water or whether he’d have enough energy at that moment to switch it back he figured he should just try and cover all of his bases. He also gave Dean a set of metal wings because he knew he’d get the reference, even though he hated seeing those gorgeous golden wings go.
Dean snorted and shoved Cas’ shoulder. “You fucker. You are a manipulative bastard, you know that?”
Cas walked over and sat down on the edge of his bed. “Dean is a hunter.”
“Did you have a good birthday, Cas?” Charlie asked, peeking her head over the front seat.
Dean nodded. "He was flipping out, mom. Crying and shaking. I mean, I guess I'd be freaked too if I woke up and was trying to run away. But he was..."
“Ah, Mr. Winchester, you’re awake.” He was fairly certain that sexy, gravelly voices also weren’t a normal soundtrack to the peaceful outdoors.
“Come on, Cas,” Dean whined. “It’s not like we don’t have the money.”
“He was always very proud of you,” he went on.
“Oh my gosh, you so are,” she fought back. “Every time I see you two narrowly avoiding each other’s eyes it’s like I’m back watching Deathly Hallows and Ron is staring all lovey dovey at Hermione when she’s trying to teach him the piano. Except with you two it’s even worse since I can’t just skip to the end and watch them get together—granted I’d rather read about them getting together since it was much better in the books, but I’m just trying to give you a visual. Although, really, it was so much better and poignant in the books since Ron
Gabe handed the box back to Cas. “He’s going to say yes for sure, Castiel. Don’t you worry about it.”
Pink stole over Cas’ cheeks. “You kept, I don’t know, bumping into me and sitting extra close and—and then you told me you liked the way I talk and I just…” His face was practically glowing by now, but Dean didn’t think it was something that Cas had to be embarrassed about. Especially not with the way it made Dean feel like he was floating off the ground.
“Dean, you are acting like a child!” Cas shouted. Dean took vindictive pleasure in having gotten Cas to break his unnaturally calm façade and slammed the door behind himself.
A terrible shriek rang through the air. Dean used the opportunity to push himself to his feet and start running again, eternally grateful that he had managed to keep hold of his weapons in the scuffle. He felt like he had been run over by a tractor, but he kept running. He knew that if he could just get to Cas, they could put their plan into action.
Or maybe he was really talking to a star. Or suffering a serious mental break. “And astronomers have never discovered that stars are human shaped because…”
Dean couldn’t help his pleased grin. Sure, Cas was wealthy, like hordes of gold wealthy, but Dean was the one who convinced him to start doing something with it. This restaurant was one of those things. And maybe if he had left out that little piece of information because he wanted to see his baby brother’s shocked face when he got here, well, no one needed to know about it but him. Although, judging by the look Cas was now giving him, he knew, too.
“I was hoping you and Jo could distract him? Maybe get Meg and Hannah in on it? I mean, he’s not an idiot, he’s going to know I’m up to something,” Dean said as they walked over to where the pastries were. “But he won’t know what it is.”
Cas grunted and glared out the window. Sam could tell he was debating ripping off the door to fly to Dean’s rescue, and honestly, he couldn’t exactly blame him. “This is too confining,” he finally said. “I should have flown.”
“I can’t imagine there would be a very large market for one. What you did was very brave.”
“Oh, baby, I don’t think this is something you can fix.”
Cas looked over at him, standing there with his arms spread in welcome. And then he looked beyond him to where Dean was limping over, the body that had been on top of him disappeared to dust on the ground. They made eye contact and Dean winked.
Cas laughed. “You can even order the lobster from room service, if you want.”
“Okay,” Dean said in a loud voice, clapping his hands together. “Moment over! I’m starved, what’s there to eat?”
“Because I was pissed,” Dean said. “You kept trying to push me to call Sam and I just… I just snapped—but that’s no excuse. I just—with Sam in town, I just keep thinking about it, about how I wasn’t good enough to make him stick around. I wasn’t even good enough for him to tell me he was leaving, you know? And you kept making me think about it and about how I’m not good enough and I snapped and I tried pushing you away and—
Jess rolled her eyes and tugged him forward by his hand. She left him by the door with a slightly exasperated shake of her head and strode up to the maître d’ alone.
“Yeah.”
Dean sighed and lifted his flashlight to look further into the woods, the beam skirting across tree trunks and disappearing into darkness until something white caught his eye. “What the—“ he said, taking a step forward and trying to bring the light back to where he had seen the figure. “Guys, I think I saw something over here.
“Because my older brother is an asshole,” was the quick response.
“They’re not half-hearted—“
Cas stood frozen, looking between the two brothers and trying to decide which to help and which to betray. Luckily, he was saved by the doorbell ringing not a moment later.
“Dude, it’s a surprise,” Dean told him. “Just relax and enjoy the music.” Dean leaned forward and turned up the volume.
Dean let out a sigh of relief, not rising to the bait of Sam’s anger.
Turns out Cas’ birthday surprise was a trip to the lake. It was the perfect day for it, too. Fall was coming in, but the summer heat was still clinging to the air.
She turned to find a vase to put her flowers in. “So where were you? I didn’t think you had classes today.”
Cas lowered his hand back down to his lap. “I believe so,” he replied after a while.
Cas let his smile out. “Another satisfied customer.”
“I’m okay, I think,” the guy (or maybe thing) said. “Are you?”
“No, it’s not—it’s just—seriously? Five minutes ago you were,” he began making a gesture with his hands, but thought better of it and let them fall back to the table, “you know, and now you’re not even going to talk about it?”
He snatched them from her. “I think by that rule, you don’t get them either.”
The car ride was quiet but not exactly unpleasant. The radio was turned on low, barely a murmur over the rumble of the engine. But even Dean, self-professed grade A emotionally stunted idiot, could tell that Cas was still off. It wasn’t even that he was mad, Dean was pretty sure that he was mostly forgiven, but without the anger there was just hurt.
“Honestly? Pigs to start flying,” Jo said. “Because that’s the only way I’m going to believe this conversation is actually happening right now.” But she still followed them as they changed course, Cas peeking his head into Gabe’s shop to quickly shout their new plans.
“Maybe we should just skip town for a while,” Dean mused. “Soak up some sun.”
And then it was just the three of them in the living room. Sam stared at the man—Cas—standing in front of him, looking calm as anything about this whole proceeding. As if long lost brothers popped up all the time. As if it wasn’t super weird that Dean was apparently
“You better clean up all these chips before my mom gets home and kills me for it,” Dean told Charlie.
Sam began peeling the edge of the label of his beer with a thumb, avoiding Bobby’s guilt tripping look. “Yeah, uh, sorry about that, Bobby. I just… I guess I was just trying to get away from the whole hunting thing.”
“Cas, no, you promised,” Dean said, his voice still a hoarse whisper.
Cas narrowed his eyes. “It’s not regular chocolate, Gabriel. It had to be more special than that.”
“Dad? What are you doing here?” Sam asked, voice shaky not only from the tremendous hangover, but from worry.
“What?” Sam said. “Like what?”
“Dean,” Cas said, taking a step forward. “That’s not—“
He drove the whole way home in a daze. He’d be thankful he made it there in one piece once his brain finally rebooted. He’d also most likely apologize to Baby for playing so fast and loose with her well-being.
“Dean!” Cas snapped.
“Well, it kind of seems like the kind of lame prank he’d pull.”
“Thank you guys for coming,” Dean said. “But don’t feel like you have to. This is… the stupidest thing we’ve ever done before.”
Visibly resisting the urge to slam the door, Sam closed it quietly. “What if dad stays here for a while? You just plan on staying up here all night?”
She was going to ruin everything.
“What’s wrong?” Cas asked, confusion furrowing his brow. “Is this not—is this not what you want?”
“He had put it in your drink originally. You switched them and then called him out. So unless you were implicit in his prank on you, that wouldn’t make any sense.”
“Where am I?” Ava asked, her voice soft and scared.
. He pulled off onto the side of the highway and grabbed his phone from his pocket.
Sam stopped and turned to see the creature split into two, the top half hopping off of the bottom and pulling a black cloak off to reveal two teenagers standing there laughing at them. Another one came out from behind a tree, a hand on his stomach as he tried to contain his own laughter. Sam’s face heated red in shame and anger. It was just a stupid joke.
Sam’s head was still pounding, and it only fueled his anger. Which is probably why, without thinking through how he really wanted to approach the situation, he said, “I know what you did to him.”
“Really?” he asked. “Because it sort of looked—“
Jess gave him a small smile. “Well, I think it’s a good thing. I never thought I’d get to go to Lafitte’s. That place has like a year-long waiting list.”
Dean pushed some of the papers he had been poring over off of his phone and pressed the talk button down and answered, “Yeah?”
Cas began rubbing soothing circles with his thumb on Dean’s thigh.
Sam bit his tongue and sat back in his seat. This wasn’t the end.
Charlie and Jo shone their flashlights onto the children who were now only a dozen paces away, gathering around the monster, Sam getting up to join them.
“Huh?” Dean had been momentarily paralyzed by their proximity. “Oh, yeah. Um…” Dean glanced around at everyone else to see exactly what they should be doing. “I guess we should just, uh…” He trailed off and began to slowly rock back and forth to the slow beat of the music, helping Cas along with his hands on Cas’ hips. They definitely weren’t going to win any dance competitions any time soon, but every once in a while their movements would bring them even closer together and Dean’s heart would skip a beat. And with the way Cas was beaming at him, he figured the feeling was probably mutual.
“Sam, who’s whispering to you?”
“You didn’t think I’d died along with my body, did you Castiel?”
“Fuck,” Dean muttered, falling back onto his pillows. He stayed like that for another couple of minutes before he rolled over to face his nightstand. He grabbed the promised journal and ran his fingers over the smooth brown leather. It reminded him of a newer version of his dad’s journal, only this one would be filled with random facts about his daily domestic life instead of the best way to take down a newly transformed rugaru or the quickest way to exorcise a demon.
Sam didn’t respond and he saw the stress on Cas’ face double. “I’m not tricking Dean into anything, Sam!” he shouted. “Your brother consented to this bond!”
Sam’s face scrunched up and tears leaked out of his eyes. “I’m not lying,” he grit through his teeth. “It was real. I saw it.” And before anyone could try and talk him out of it, he stormed out of the kitchen. A few moments later they heard a door slam, presumably the one to Sam’s bedroom.
“Shit,” Charlie said, then louder, “Shit!” She wrung her hands. “Okay, fine. But you better not die in there, and you better explain everything when you wake up. Like, the second you wake up.”
Mary sighed and nodded. "Thank you for taking care of him last night. You're a pretty good big brother, you know that?"
“You stare at me?” Dean asked.
Laughing softly, Cas let a smile spread across his face. “You were the one who wanted to cuddle,” he told him. “Don’t worry, I already promised I would never tell Sam your,” he lifted his hands up to make air quotes, “’secret shame.’”
“Sammy hasn’t been feeling very good lately,” Dean told them. “That stupid ass monster has him freaked out still.”
“No, Cas,” Dean said. “It’s not happening.”
“So did you do it yet?” she asked him excitedly once they were out of earshot. “Oh, wait, can he read your mind from here?”
“Okay,” Cas said. “I’ll call and have them hold our table.” He poured himself a cup of coffee. “But what are we going to eat for breakfast and lunch?”
“Don’t you dare!” Dean said. “Unless you’re coming to help me.”
Cas laughed again.
,” Cas cut in.
He made it about twenty minutes out of town before his blood stopped boiling in his veins and he managed a coherent thought, which, of course, was,
“You heard me,” Cas said.
Then finally, finally, Dean picked up his orange juice and took a huge gulp. Sam managed to hide his grin by taking a sip of his drink as well.
“He’s not yours!” Dean shouted.
“Ugh,” Dean groaned. “I regret ever befriending you. You and Charlie both.”
“Me, too.” Dean mustered the courage to lean his forehead against Cas’. “A really, really good time.”
Honestly, Cas had forgotten they were closed. He had forgotten he had eyes. He forgot he existed as anything more than the skin Dean’s skin touched, the lips Dean’s breath caressed. It took him a moment to remember where his eyes were and then another to get his brain to send the proper signals to open them wide so that he could stare into the earnest, nervous looking green pair in front of him.
“Huh,” Dean said thoughtfully, looking around the empty barn. “I really thought he’d be here.”
Dean bit his cheek to keep from commenting. If he opened his mouth right now the only thing that was going to come out was an insult. Or worse, the truth.
His eyes blinked open and he looked around. Dean was doing homework by lamplight at his desk, pen slowly inking something onto the pages of a book.
Sam just dissolved into laughter at that.
Dean watched him go but didn’t move himself. “I don’t need your charity,” he said.
“That hurt, you asshole,” Dean said, shoving Cas’ shoulder.
“What were you looking at?” Dean asked, turning his marshmallows over. The ones towards the tip were much darker than the ones stacked next to his hands.
“Oh come on,” Sam cut her off. “He didn’t even try and put any moves on you, you can’t seriously tell me that you’ve fallen for his stupid charm.”
Meg let out a huff, turned on her heel and left.
“Do you listen when I talk to you?” he asked. “Your dad went to Sam about a year after you left him, told him he needed help finding you.”
Charlie led them to her living room. “Grab a controller,” she told them, waving her hand towards her PlayStation like she was inviting them to partake in One Eyed Willy’s treasure.
Cas raised a single brow. “I spent all of Sunday night and Monday picking out an island with you. I let you pretend long enough.” He rubbed a hand down Dean’s back.
“Oh, it’s badass,” Dean assured him proudly.
Until he went to bed.
“Yeah, yeah, idjit,” Bobby grumbled. “My FBI phone is ringin’, I gotta go.”
Dean shrugged. “Why not? It’s a small world, right? There’s a whole ride at Disneyland about it.”
“Did you want some pancakes as well?” Cas asked him.
Cas’ wings shuddered before he sat back down. Dean leaned forward automatically to accommodate one of them wrapping around him.
“We kill monsters all the time,” Cas insisted.
“Yes,” Cas admitted. “Because you sounded so surprised that we had a date I realized I had been mistaken all along.”
“About five minutes ago,” he said. “I brought back some books I think you’d like, too.”
Cas furrowed his brow. “I’m still acting normally.”
Jess grinned. “Ugh, as if!”
“Oh, come on,” she pleaded. “I got you his number!”
“That I did,” the guy said and began to get brighter again.
“What are you doing home so early?” Cas asked him, trying not to show his panic.
Dean tried to lift a hand to wave away his concerns, but found his limbs too heavy. “What happened?” he asked instead.
“What?” Dean actually turned around to shoot her a look in the backseat. Cas was thankfully used to Dean’s general disregard for keeping his eyes on the road. Cas would suspect that Dean had actually charmed his car to drive itself, if he didn’t complain at least once a week about magicians using magic on cars. He firmly believed in the ingenuity of muggles on the car front. “Cas loves Zeppelin,” Dean told her, thankfully turning back to the road. “Don’t you, Cas?”
“I’m sorry,” he said again. “I wish we could go back, I wish I could just stop thinking about it.”
“And that took five minutes?” If Dean could have mustered the courage to look at his mom, he would have seen a knowing smirk gracing her lovely features.
“Sammy,” Dean said. “Earth to Sam.” He waved his hand in front of Sam’s face and snapped his fingers a couple of times. “Yo, Sammy.”
Cas just patted him on the knee. “Let’s go home, Dean,” he said, keeping his hand on Dean’s leg and moving it up a couple inches and squeezing.
you anyway. I don’t always like you. Especially when you’re too reasonable about shit that I want to be unreasonable about.”
Cas rolled his eyes and squeezed Dean just above the knee where he knew he was ticklish.
What the fuck. What the
“Oh,” Dean said, taking a seat across from him. “Uh, I don’t think they’re coming until later.”
They broke apart gasping for air, unsure of how much time had passed. Another apocalypse could have come and gone for all they knew or cared.
The speech rolled off of Cas’ tongue with practiced ease. “But the doctors are hopeful,” he tacked on at the end. “You went the past five days without forgetting anything major.”
“So what should we do?”
“So, Dean,” he said as casually as he could. “Mind if I ask you a question?”
“Dude, is it in your head again?” Dean asked.
“Cas, you’ve been stabbed!”
“But you did,” Dean spat. “You always leave, Cas. So go ahead. One more time won’t kill me.” The lie rolled off of his tongue far easier than any truth would have.
Sam wiggled and flailed his arms. “Stop it, jerk, just get off!”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Yeah, Bobby, I know. I laid out the silverware, had iron on hand. I have it covered. I’m retired, not stupid.”
Cas snorted softly. “I remember our boy scout days, Dean. Forgive me if I find that promise a little underwhelming.” But he still pulled Dean the rest of the way in.
“I’m the one who will protect your son with his life” Cas replied. “I’m the one who helped your son with the wounds you left him. I’m the one who will do so again. And I’m the one who knows that the only monster in this room is you.”
. He was moping about being away from Cas for a day. He could never let anyone else find out. It was too embarrassing. The only reason he told Cas was because he knew Cas felt the same way. And thank god for that. He didn’t know what he’d do if Cas didn’t like him back.
won’t be stupid?”
“How you doin’ baby bro?”
“Not you, too!” Sam groaned.
“Sorry,” Cas said. “I just—umm…”
“See you at break,” Dean said, once they reached Ms. Harvelle’s classroom. He ducked inside after a quick wink that Cas merely shook his head at.
“Dean—“
“Happy birthday, Cas!” they intoned together. It was good to see it wasn’t just him and Cas that were creepily mind melding then.
“I know.”
But Dean just chuckled and bent down to whisper, “This is going to be fun.”
Sam, who had come in behind Dean and Cas and watched the proceedings silently, started at those words. “What?”
“Sorry,” she said, shaking her head to dispel the argument dying to crawl its way out of her throat. “We’re focusing on your pathetic love life, I forgot.”
“Cas isn’t a monster.” He kept working on the knots, but his dad knew how to make them nearly impossible to undo. He couldn’t believe that he forgot to bring his pocket knife. He managed to barely loosen one of Dean’s arms when he heard shifting wood behind him and then Cas’ panicked voice.
Dean turned his head to look at Cas. “I thought you said you were just humoring me with that.”
It was another four days before Dean opened his eyes.
His adversary reached both of its spindly arms out to his sides and Castiel smiled. He just loved to telegraph his moves loud and clear.
“You don’t have to tell me twice,” Charlie said. “What do you think happened to Ava? Is she like under a spell or something? Are spells real now, too? Oh god, I should have brought my wand instead of this.” She brandished her letter opener.
“No,” Bobby said. “This is just some… advanced work you’ve done, here.”
Cas nodded and handed her yearbook back to her.
Sam shook his head. “No, but I bet dad does,” he replied, already walking over to his father’s truck. He returned a few moments later, chucking a small bag towards Dean.
Dean couldn’t lie and say he wasn’t grateful—this was going to be the first year he had ever felt truly prepared for school. And best of all, his clothes were
“Ah, yes,” Cas said. “I cheated when you and Charlie were the ones making deals to team up and take me down before the game even started.”
The door ricocheted off the wall when he pushed it open, but he ignored it and marched into his house.
“You got any uniforms in there?”
Cas narrowed his eyes. “Is that your biology book?” he asked, noticing the cover of the textbook Dean still clutched tightly in his hands. “I thought you lost it.”
“You two look very sharp tonight,” Mary commented when she saw them.
“I—I thought I was,” Dean told him. “But it wasn’t real.”
“You wouldn’t dare,” Jo told him with narrowed eyes.
“Oh my god, what is that?” Sam asked. He tried not to think of Andy’s brother’s story about the monster or Dean’s taunts.
Maybe Dean felt the same, because they continued to stand there for a few moments more.
“That wasn’t a yes,” Dean protested, but it was weak at best. He tried to ignore her excited face an inch from his own by continuing to read Cas’ blog, but that didn’t work out for him either. Finally, he sighed. “Okay, but you have to swear you won’t make fun of me.”
“Jeez, was everyone betting on us?” Dean asked with a slight shake of his head.
“Aw, Bobby,” Dean said. “Are you just jealous you didn’t get an invite to dinner?”
Dean pulled away with a soft, “Fuck.” He kissed Cas again. “Handjobs in the shower. Final offer,” he said, a little breathlessly.
“How are you going to disappear on him for half an hour on his birthday?”
Lucifer’s mouth didn’t move on the repetition of his name, and the voice was the icy tone of his humanoid adversary.
Cas rolled his eyes and walked over to the now beeping oven. “I left the sugar out one time. One!” He grabbed the red checkered oven mitts and used them to remove the lemon blueberry scones.
cousin who was sloppy and suddenly everyone thinks all that we do is go out and steal virgins. And I’ll have you know, all of them were consenting adults.”
Sam shrugged. “Maybe. I mean, obviously, yeah. But. I don’t know, I guess I’m just learning something new about him every day.”
Dean let the sound of their footfalls fill the pause while Sam slowed his pace to lag behind. Sammy was annoying about ninety percent of the time, but Dean was grateful he knew where to draw the line.
“Fine,” he said and with that he got up and marched into his room, slamming the door behind himself. He flung himself onto his bed, pulled a pillow over his head and screamed himself hoarse. It was only after he felt lightheaded that he sat up and grabbed the phone he kept on his bedside table.
was that?” Jo demanded. “No, seriously guys. This is not okay. This was fun for a hot minute, but now there’s creepy ass little girls trying to kill us!”
Dean had shared with Sam everything they had learned at the library. It had seemed to brighten his mood, enough for him to smile even, but that had been before Andy. And now Sam was just… there. Going through the motions without really seeming like he was present. It was disconcerting to say the least.
“What was that?” Dean asked, trying hard to look away from Cas’ bare chest.
“Hey,” Sam’s voice drifted into the kitchen, footsteps getting closer. “Do I smell p—I’ll come back later.”
“Blame Dean,” Cas said.
“You alright, there, son?” Bobby asked him.
Cas put a hand on Dean’s knee and squeezed. “I think we should at least let him explain what your father was doing there. He could have shown up out of the blue.”
“And it wouldn’t bug you?” Dean asked in a small voice.
“I heard that,” Cas called from the other room.
A search was being organized. Dean was slightly mollified by the fact that they had listened to him enough that they were going to search the forest for Sam and the other missing children.
Dean let out a bitter laugh. “Last you recall I was laying on the ground after you beat me half to death for letting Sam go off to college.”
John shook his head in disappointment. “Both of you have gone too damn soft,” he said. “First Dean befriends some sort of monster, then you go and forget all of your training. What if something happened to you, Sam? What are you going to do? Roll over and die?”
“You mean your big brain hasn’t figured it out yet? You’re a shame to your house, Sammy.”
“You’re doing a great job at that, aren’t you, Dean,” Mary said with a pointed look.
. “Parking is atrocious here on a Friday night. I highly doubt you remembered to tell them that we’d pay for the valet, and I also highly doubt that a young couple, one of whom is trying to pay his way through law school, will think to use it.”
“Well it’s not like we don’t have anything to make,” he said, gesturing to the kitchen table which was still piled high with food yet to be put away.
“Well, thanks for dinner, Charlie,” Dean said. “But I think it’s time we head home.”
Dean snorted. “It’ll get him to stop asking about dad, it won’t stop the onslaught of all the other questions that are going to be worse.” He fidgeted into a more comfortable position at Cas’ side. “Besides, I don’t want him to feel bad about it, you know? I did it so he would never have to know about it. I just wanted the kid to be okay for as long as he could be. You know, I kept him from figuring out about hunting until he was like seven?”
“What do you mean?”
He walked over and peered through his peephole. Ginger bangs greeted him and he groaned, swinging the door open to his best friend.
Dean rolled over in the cocoon of Cas’ wings and planted a kiss on the bare skin in front of him. Cas gave a sleepy grunt of appreciation and pulled Dean closer with his wings.
Dean sighed and rested his head on the steering wheel. “You’ve never been on the receiving end of one of Sam’s puppy dog stares.”
But when he opened the door he was once again gob smacked by who it was. Dean, looking slightly sheepish and a whole lot defiant, stood next to Cas who was looking at Sam like if he put one toe over the line he was going to get fucked up. Sam sort of believed Cas could take him even though he had about half a foot on him.
“Dude,” Sam said, once the door had been closed. “How the hell did you swing this? I mean, I know you had a way of charming yourself into girls’ pants, but this? Seriously?”
Cas just shrugged. “I’ve never minded a little extra meat in my mouth.” He managed to make it to the door before his face turned completely scarlet and he basically fled to the living room.
“Dean?”
“My name is Castiel,” he answered the other boy’s question. “I’m your new roommate.”
Sam rolled his eyes. “Jerks.”
“Ugh, gross, Dean,” Cas said. “I don’t want to think about Gabe doing anything like that!”
Cas’ eyes crinkled at the corners in what looked like a hidden smile. “Yeah.”
“Obviously,” Cas replied. “We’ll need somewhere to sleep while we’re there.”
Cas turned his head a fraction. “I’m not going to kill your father today.”
“Get the fuck out of my house,” Dean spat.
He snorted. “Well as long as I’m not going to be brought in with a bag over my head for interrogation in some unmapped warehouse.”
Cas squeezed his leg. “None of that was your fault, Dean.
Everyone but Dean laughed.
“He said it had yellow eyes.”
Sam rolled his eyes. “How do I reverse it?”
“Maybe we should try and talk with your father,” Cas suggested. “Or perhaps just myself.”
“Jerk,” Sam replied, still giggling.
Cas grabbed his hand and pulled it down so he couldn’t check the time
“No,” Dean told him. “The map leads to the second map. The second map leads to the riddles. And then the riddles lead to the empty candy wrappers—“
“Cheer up, Sam,” Andy said, coming up from behind him. “I don’t think they paired up anyone with who they wanted.”
Dean snorted again, this time in good humor. “Oh, man. Trust me, my recipe has improved over the years. No more marshmallow fluff, that’s for sure.”
. And hey, his chances were decent. Besides, even if there was no kissing tonight, it was just common decency to have nice breath when in close quarters. And dates usually meant close quarters, right?
Cas just smiled at him. “You should have asked for my help,” he told him.
Castiel chewed the top of his pen cap, hesitating a moment before he decided to throw caution to the winds.
"Gabriel!" Cas admonished, scandalized.
Cas stared at the wide eyed look of joyful anticipation on Dean’s face. “It just came out of the oven.”
No one quite knew what to make of the returned children all claiming a monster took them, nor that they had been in the forest that they searched, but Dean didn’t care. He didn’t care what anyone said or asked or reported. He only cared that Cas hadn’t woken up yet. Granted, the doctors and Gabriel assured Dean he had woken in the ambulance and that he was perfectly fine and was merely hopped up on pain medication that made him too sleepy to stay awake for long periods of time, but still. Dean hadn’t seen him awake yet and Dean had something he needed to say.
“Mine might be, too,” Dean mumbled.
With a sigh, Dean looked at all of the papers strewn over his desk. He pushed the intercom button again. “Do you think you could order me some lunch while you’re at it?” he asked.
Sam narrowed his eyes skeptically.
"You're not?" Gabe asked. "So you're telling me when you two go up to your room to 'study,' you're really--"
“So,” Dean said, dropping his grip on Cas, suddenly unable to meet his best friend’s eyes. “We’re going to the dance?
“Just need to get him a present.”
Luc froze and Cas stumbled the next few steps, raising his blade and aiming right for his adversary’s heart.
Dean took a long drink of his beer. “Let’s just drop this, okay?”
Dean elbowed him in the side. “It was great meeting you, Gilda.”
“So was Dean. It started when he was nine, Jess.
Dean put his head in his hands. “Fuck,” he muttered. “Is every morning this much of a rollercoaster?”
The man seemed to flinch at Castiel’s words before looking over at him and squinting. “Huh? You talkin’ t’ me?” he slurred.
“I’m fine, Bobby,” Dean said in exasperation. “I’m hiring more people next week to help with the workload.”
Number two happened with a shouted, “What the hell, Cas?!”
“Side project?” Dean asked, turning back from the door of his office to face her. “What side project?”
Dean bumped his shoulder again. “So what’s it like?”
Cas, who had John and Sam both in a chokehold in either hand, paused to look over at Dean.
“You first,” Cas replied.
“It wasn’t breaking,” Dean assured him quickly, “It was just a big spell. I’m sorry it freaked you out.”
"Of course, squirt," Dean said, walking over and ruffling his hair.
“That’s what I want to continue doing.”
“Didn’t want to bug you,” Dean mumbled.
John stood and walked over to Dean, a handkerchief dangling from his hand. “That’s what I’m doing for you, son,” he said. “I’m giving you your life back.”
Cas was just opening his mouth to reply when something grabbed his ankle and yanked. The next thing Cas knew he had a face full of dirt and was being dragged backwards. And based on Dean’s shout, the same thing was happening to him.
Cas gave him a soft smile and squeezed his hand.
“Don’t wish that just yet,” Dean told him. “You haven’t heard him start to snore.”
“I was joking, Dean,” Cas said, peeling Dean’s hand from his face.
Thankfully, Cas just smiled and allowed Dean to lead him over to the table he had picked out. Sam followed behind them with a roll of his eyes, still making sure to keep out of Dean’s reach.
“Did, too,” Sam replied. “Unless you asked him when you two went to the kitchen for like
“Well, this is new,” Cas said and then the two creatures pounced.
Sam rolled his eyes. “Bobby asked for my help.”
Dean let out the breath he had been holding and rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. “Thanks, mom.” He tripped over his feet as he backed out of the kitchen.
“That’s stupid,” Sam said. “If he had just told me then we could have done something about it, we could have—“
“I would very much like to know how your father got a hand on the Sword of Bruncvik,” Cas said, resting his head on Dean’s shoulder.
. Dean let out a sob of relief. “He’s alive,” he called back to the crowd now gathered behind him. “Cas, buddy, I need you to open your eyes. Can you do that for me?” He brushed some of Cas’ hair from his forehead with shaking hands. “Please?”
They were handed two tickets upon their arrival, one as a pizza voucher, the other for a raffle to win one of the door prizes. Spice Girls played over the stereo system and Dean caught Jo nodding along even though she claimed to not like the band. (Charlie had definitely accidentally let slip that she and Jo had choreographed a whole dance routine to “If You Wanna Be My Lover.”)
Cas merely held a finger up to silence Dean as he put the phone to his ear. Dean rolled his eyes and turned his eyes back to the road.
Cas shrugged. “I can’t say that I minded the outcome.”
Sam decided to opt out of hanging up posters for the missing children, instead taking their portable phone and shutting himself up in his room.
“It’s the brightest,” Cas responded simply, letting their hands fall back down between them. “Mary Winchester would want her boys to see her bright and clear. I suspect she would also use our sun during the day. It is just another star, after all.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said, closing his locker door. “What’s wrong?” he aksed, getting a good look at the sweat glistening on his forehead.
Cas just grunted. “Too tired.”
“Fuck, I am exhausted,” he muttered. And then, turning to Cas, asked, “You staying up?”
“I don’t think dad would tell anyone else,” Sam said from the doorway, holding up a slice of pizza and taking a bite.
“Dude,” Sam whispered, “how is he already asleep?”
Immediately, Sam dropped to his knees and began working on untying the ropes chafing against Dean’s wrists.
“Shit, Charlie, if you’re so set on this idea then you go ask him out.” Dean pushed the remains of his fries away from him.
Dean struggled for air as he saw Sam pick up the knife he’d dropped.
“Cas!” Dean said, looking over at his clock which told him the time was now twelve-thirteen. “Why didn’t you tell me!”
Charlie’s jaw dropped and she punched Dean in the shoulder. “Dude! You’re supposed to lead with that!
“Yeah, well, could’ve fooled me,” he replied, but he at least sounded appeased.
“Fuck,” Dean said and pulled out of Cas’ grip. “Okay, okay. Let’s get you to your nerd club.”
She even had the gall to throw him a lazy smile. “You going to sit down and play, or what, Winchester?”
“I’m not giving you the glass unless you have solid spellwork, and I know you ain’t giving Cas a shard of glass.”
“And that’s our cue to leave,” Charlie chirped, grabbing Jo by the arm and dragging her away. “Have fun!” she called over her shoulder as the two of them disappeared into the throng of dancers.
“What do you mean ‘what is he’?” Sam asked as John made a beeline towards the bathroom to begin patching himself up. Sam followed behind him.
She widened her eyes in a prompt to go on, but when nothing was forthcoming she nudged him. “What things?”
Cas sighed and capped the marker he had been using to create the treasure map. “We shouldn’t be here when he realizes his candy is gone.”
“So that’s what the notes were all about?”
“I love you,” Cas whispered into Dean’s ear, giving his knee a squeeze under the table.
Cas set his jaw and nodded. “Were you happier? In the dream?”
His frown deepening, Cas nodded.
Dean shrugged. “Yeah, well. At least it’s over. And you know, the day started out good. Bobby gave us his blessing, scales and all. So it was just the middle that sucked ass.”
. You cannot be mad at someone for not knowing something.”
“Cas—“
The male detective sighed, but the woman gave him an understanding smile. “We know this is hard,” she said. “But we really need you to think of anything that could help us find your brother. Anything he’s said, anyone you’ve seen lately, anything that’s seemed off. No matter how little a thing you think it might be.”
Dean nodded.
Dean grinned and tightened his grip around Cas.
“I didn’t bring my bathing suit,” Cas told Dean as he got out of the car.
!!! Thank you guys so much!! And if anyone wanted to check me out, I'm on tumblr at
“Fuck!” Dean exploded. He turned to Cas and whipped a hand towards Sam. “See? I fucking
“Sure, don’t mention it,” Bobby replied. He sat back down at his desk and picked his coffee back up. “Just know I’m expecting that caliber of work from you from now on.”
“Deal,” Dean said. “Now, not to be rude, but please get out of my house.”
Dean shot her a warning look but she just smiled sweetly at him. Cas didn’t appear to notice anything, too caught up in trying to beat Sam again.
“Course,” Dean grunted. “Told you. I like our life here. Wanna stay.”
Dean rubbed a hand over his face. “Yeah, Cas is
“Yeah,” he said. “You, uh, agreed with me.”
His adversary reached forward suddenly, its arms shooting out and stretching towards Castiel who drew his wings in tightly to his back and dropped through the air. Castiel spun around as he fell and threw his sword at the figure floating there. The real adversary screeched in pain as Castiel’s sword buried itself in his shoulder. Cas flung himself through the air towards his adversary, grabbing the end of his sword already buried in the creature’s shoulder and shoved it in harder, twisting and wrenching.
“You did say there was a ride at Disneyland about this,” Cas replied.
Sam seemed to get the message and said, “You do make a mean mac and cheese.”
“Happy birthday, Castiel,” Singer called after him.
“Nurse!” Sam shouted, pushing the call button and holding it down.
"Cool. I'll go call Cas and set it up." He stood and took his plate to the kitchen, dumping the, in his opinion, offensive vegetables in the garbage and then squashing his paper plate over it in the hopes that Mary wouldn't find out just how many he picked off.
“Just don’t let Sam hear you say that,” Dean said. “He’s convinced the thing was real.”
He watched in terrified fascination as the star fell right out of the sky, streaking through the speckled darkness. It crashed into the woods next to him, but not before nearly giving him a heart attack since up close they apparently look like giant, biblical balls of fire come to wipe out entire cities.
Gabriel rolled his eyes. “I have
“Just trying to keep things light,” Dean told her as Cas took the lead by half a step so that he could shine the light for Dean.
“Yes.” Cas flashed him a soft smile. “A few scrapes and bruises, but aside from that he’s fine. He tried visiting earlier, but you were still asleep. He left you a stuffed bear and a card.”
“She even says there’s another student there who was dropped off early, so you can stop worrying about being there alone.”
“Uh, I think Gilda might,” she said. “And if she doesn’t it really won’t be too hard to find it.” She spun around and began typing on the computer. “In fact, I just found it.”
“You’re right,” Dean said. “I wish I could be a fly on that wall.”
Cas snorted softly. “That is a very good point.”
“Yes, you are,” Cas replied. At Dean’s disgruntled look, he added, “Don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone. I’d hate for you to cover it up with false bravado. I like that you’re a sap. It’s adorable.”
to go and check the car out, but he was drowning in paperwork for the new hires (
Dean shrugged and went back to eating.
life choices. And even crazier—for the first time in his life Cas was
Dean nodded once and then shot up into the sky. Cas watched him go, bursting through the trees and out of sight, and then turned to face both of his adversaries who were rushing him from both sides.
“I said the brother I always wanted,” Cas repeated.
A knock broke Dean out of his downward spiral. And then a graveled, “Dean,” threatened to throw him right back into one.
Dean slid his window open as silently as he could. His mom was in her room, supposedly sleeping, but Dean knew she was awake. Her voice floated underneath his door, angry and tired and scared. Dean couldn’t make out any of the words, but the tone told him she was talking to his dad. Usually he’d try to sneak closer and get a better scope of the conversation, figure out if he needed to comfort her or leave her be, but not tonight. He had a job to do.
“It’s called positive thinking,” she said. “I’m putting it out into the universe. I figure the rest of the world probably is, too, so I’d say there’s a pretty high probability that the universe can hear it, at least.”
Cas reached out hesitantly and took Dean back in his arms. “We won’t have to move,” Cas told him. “We are going to stay right here. And Sam most likely is, as well.” He began to stroke Dean’s hair. “I know you miss him.”
The hot guy sitting next to him raised a hand and Dean flinched automatically, almost unseating himself. Dean felt unbearably stupid when the man stuck his hands up in surrender. The guy was probably just trying to signal the bartender.
“Whatever, dude,” Jo said. “I tried.”
A smirk crossed Jo’s face. “Nope, because if you tell Vic that, then I’m telling Cas about that time I saw you wearing pink—“
“Yeah, my jacket,” Dean replied easily, slinging it around Cas’ shoulders. His eyes lit up as he took in the sight. “Maybe you should keep it,” he added, licking his lips.
Sam raised his brows at him. “Really, Dean?”
“A—uh, what?” Sam’s jaw dropped. “Like Hogwarts?”
“Then what’s wrong? You’ve got that little crease in between your eyebrows that means you’re thinking too hard about something.”
“I can’t reach it,” Dean explained, his voice pitched higher in a whine.
“De-ean,” Sam whined.
But Sam didn't listen to him. He just turned and ran down the hall, slamming the door to the bathroom.
“Shopping?” Dean asked, whipping his head around to look at Sam.
He couldn’t help his face falling.
Cas nodded and breathed out a, “Yeah.”
Dean snorted. “You are such a weirdo,” he said fondly.
“Aw, Cas,” Dean said, tugging at one of his arms. “Come on.”
Cas sighed and sat up, mumbling, “But you had been doing so well.”
The door to his room opened and he froze, but then Cas’ voice came with a soft, “Dean?” and he relaxed. “Are you okay?” He closed and locked the door behind him before striding over to Dean.
“Ugh, get off!” Sam shouted. “Cas, help!”
But instead, Cas was considering banging his head against his locker door because Gabriel had somehow managed to convince him that the best route for his card was a Star Wars pun.
Grinning to himself, he turned his attention, finally, to the lecture at hand.
Sam was still trying to wrap his head around the fact that they were
He turned with wide eyes from his mom to the suited man and woman in front of him. There were other officers there as well, cataloguing the scene, patrolling the perimeter. “Huh?” he asked.
Cas leaned forward, his lips almost to Dean’s—
“Good,” Cas said. “Because I need to tell you something.”
“Just tell me what I’m missing here,” Sam implored.
“Then what is it? The suspense is killing me!”
“We should do this again,” Cas said quickly. “We could try another couples’ dinner next week. Invite Charlie and Gilda again.”
Jake snorted. “We’re not the ones being beckoned.”
Turns out they didn’t need to fight at all since their father was nowhere in sight.
Dean asked him over their Bond. Cas could feel anxious waves coming off of him.
“Yeah, well,” Dean paused and finished, rather lamely, “we are.”
loaded.
,” Dean said.
“Well, I just mean,” Sam said in a small voice. “What happens a year from now? Can you really—“
Cas shrugged. “Better to sound insane than let anything happen to Sam.”
“Would that really be so bad?” Cas pouted.
“Where the hell is this sort of attention to detail in your work when you’re in my class?”
“Oh, sorry,” Cas said, quickly scribbling a,
had happened and he needed to figure out what.
And hey, there was an idea. No offense to Captain Kirk, but Dean needed to be doing something with his hands right now; he needed something to focus his energy and attention.
Cas shrugged. “I don’t mind.”
Dean stared as Cas’ bare backside came into view and was quickly obscured by a pair of grey boxer briefs. He must have voiced his annoyance because Cas turned around to smirk at him before grabbing a robe and leaving the room.
“I was stationed on earth,” Cas said. “I could feel the rotation and sense its orbit around the sun, but I never watched it.”
His heart dropped when he saw the contents. His biology book was gone. The book in which he had confessed his love for his best friend was gone. Someone must have seen what he had written and stolen it to blackmail him. Who did he sit by in that class? He wouldn’t put it past Bela, Ruby, or Meg, but the three of them sat all the way across the room. Maybe it had been Uriel. He seemed to have it out for Cas ever since he beat him in their debate for AP Gov.
Charlie dropped her attempts at getting Cas to understand rhythm.
“I believe I can manage that,” Cas told him with another quick peck. “But I won’t be able to if you call me in here every five minutes to change the channel for you.”
Sam held up his hands in surrender. “No, no,” he said. “I guess it just didn’t occur to me that you might change your name.”
That finally seemed to shake him out of it. “What?” he asked.
Sam gritted his teeth to keep back his retort.
“He’s exaggerating,” Dean told them. “I only started it up like a year ago.”
Sam batted his hands away. "Get off, you jerk!"
“Being smart is overrated, anyway,” Jo added, giving Cas a playing nudge with her shoulder.
“Balthazar!” Cas tried to reprimand him, but it was drowned out by Dean’s booming laugh.
A smile bigger than any Dean had seen before crossed Cas’ face. “Yes, I would like that.”
Cas jumped as he felt Dean’s arms wrap around him but he quickly melted into the embrace. “C’mon, sweetheart,” Dean whispered in his ear. “Rush is over. Let’s eat.”
The bell rang loudly overhead and the slow shuffle of students began. Dean and Cas joined them as soon as Cas had reclosed his locker.
Dean turned to him with a smile, keeping his eyes off the road for far longer than was prudent. When he finally faced front again, he took one hand off of the steering wheel and laid it on the seat between them, palm up in invitation.
Dean’s eyebrows shot up. “What?”
Cas pushed Dean lightly and walked away from him. “Don’t be an idiot, Dean. You know very well that I do not care what you did before we met. Now let’s go eat, I’m starving.”
The ride back was much less pleasant and far more tense. Neither of them spoke, Dean drowning out their awkward silence with Led Zeppelin turned up as high as it would go.
“I don’t need a babysitter, Cas.”
“It’s fine,” Cas told him. “It’s just… this is far more difficult than I had anticipated. It is no wonder I haven’t worked up the courage to do this before.”
Dean’s voice brought Cas out of his own depressing thoughts and back to the conversation they were having. “What?”
“I promise!” Cas agreed immediately. He jumped up from his bed and began putting his shoes on. His mom
“Incriminated?” Dean said. “Jeez, year one of law school and you’re already talking like a lawyer.”
“Tomorrow,” Dean promised. “I’ll swing by his apartment after work.”
Cas cocked his head to the side in question.
Dean snorted. “Trust me, Cas. My dad won’t give a shit what Sam thinks. He gets something in his head and it doesn’t get out until he kills it. I mean, he’s been looking for what killed my mom my whole life. Didn’t matter that Sam fought tooth and nail the entire time, doesn’t matter that I begged him to just leave us with Bobby if he was going to get himself killed on a wild goose chase. Nothing matters to that man except for his perceived threats against family.”
“I’m not mad about that,” he said.
Cas shrugged. “Because it just doesn’t make sense.”
“There’s a flaw in that plan,” Cas told him calmly.
“What?” Gabe asked, all innocence again. “Threatening the new beau is like rule number three in the BBC handbook.”
Dean sighed and rubbed a hand over his face. “Can’t you just be happy with the fact that we’re dating? And stop bugging me about it now, please?”
Dean felt his face heating up and really wished Garth had brought their wine already so he had something else to blame it on.
“Don’t kill me but Sam sent me to keep an eye on you,” Charlie told him with a sheepish smile and the vulcan salute.
Dean was the first to arrive at school. He knew he would be since his dad insisted on dropping him off a week early.
Dean sighed and took a step towards Cas, but Cas retreated, keeping the same distance between them. “Cas, I don’t even want you in that position—“
Dean planted a kiss on his temple. “Sorry it took me so long.”
Dean and Charlie turned puppy dog eyes on her.
“Sam!” Charlie shouted, jumping up. She gave him a hug. “Glad you decided to join us. Finally I have someone to talk girls with. It’s basically been unbearable.”
Castiel smirked. “Should I have waited to bake you a pie until then?”
?” Dean said, pointing to himself as if another Dean was going to appear out of thin air. “I didn’t do anything!”
Cas shook his head fondly.
“Oh, hey, Sammy!” Dean said jovially, all embarrassment forgotten, apparently.
“Sure I wasn’t lying?” Dean let out a hollow laugh. “Fuck. Okay. I’m being an idiot.”
Dean couldn’t believe what was happening. What the hell had these past months meant to Sam if he was just going to throw it all away at a moment’s notice? He cursed through his gag and tried his hardest to break free before Sam could retighten the ropes. His wrists were chafed to the point of bleedingby now, but he hardly even noticed. He had to get out, he couldn’t let his dad break his bond with Sam, he—
“I don’t care what you need,” Cas said. “I’m not letting you go on a hunt alone. Not after you came back with a broken arm last time.”
The silence lasted for about two minutes before Sam opened his mouth again. “Is that why you always used to lock yourself in the bathrooms at motels? Were you having panic attacks?”
Cas rolled his eyes. “Alright, I’ll make the call. But,” he said, leaving Dean to put the rest of their rather large haul away, “you have to make dinner tomorrow for Charlie and everyone.”
“I never take your shit, Dean,” Cas said. “But I could stand to be a little nicer when I call you out on it.”
Grumbling about how he was going to murder Gabriel (his second period teacher had chewed him out for not being prepared and threatened to dock his participation points if it ever happened again), he opened his locker.
Dean rolled his eyes. “The monster in the woods is just an urban legend, dude. Don’t tell me you still believe in it. You think the tooth fairy’s real, too?”
Dean nodded a few times, feeling a little nauseous and wondering if he was close to getting heat stroke. “I mean, if that’s your only problem…” He let out a huff of air. “It’s not a huge deal. She’ll probably think it’s cute or something, that you don’t know how. I’m sure she’ll have no problem teaching you.” He tried to keep the bitterness out of his voice, but with the sharp look Cas shot him he wasn’t sure he was entirely successful.
“I’m sorry, too,” Cas said. “I did not mean to attack you.”
Sam’s eyes opened wide as he flicked his eyes back to see Charlie’s reaction.
“Ruminating?” Jo asked. “Can always count on you to throw some SAT prep at us years early and in the worst situation possible.”
“What do we do, guys?” Jo asked, holding her flashlight aloft.
“Dude, are you deaf?” Dean asked. “Dinner’s ready.”
Dean, who hadn’t even seemed to notice Sam’s outburst, replied, “Yeah. I could just float there forever, you know? At least a couple of years. Like ten. At least.”
and oh god,
“Going to go and make yourself look pretty, Winchester?”
Dean nodded. “Alright.” He leaned in and gave Cas a quick peck on the mouth. “Night, babe,” he added, pushing himself up from the couch, giving Cas’ knee a quick squeeze as he did so.
“Then leave,” Sam said. “Leave him alone. He’s good. He’s great, honestly. And Cas is the one who got him there. I’m not going to let you turn Dean into your next crusade because you feel guilty about what you did to him. Hell, even if Cas was a monster, I’d sooner side with him than you.”
Dean wiped a bead of sweat away before it managed to drip off the end of his nose. “I’m not the one who begged me to take them to the park.”
“Don’t listen to it, Sam,” John told him. “You know you can’t trust a word it says. We do this and Dean is free. That’s what you want for him, right?”
“Cas!” he shouted, his voice hoarse from overuse.
.” He looked at her in horrible resignation.
“Charlie,” Dean said, peeking his head out of his office.
.” The last part was said in the most accusing voice he could muster.
Sam finally broke it with a soft, “Is this going to be a problem?”
Cas took the hand that was holding Dean’s and lifted both to point. “That one. Sirius.”
Castiel rolled his eyes and waited for Dean to finish the order so they could talk.
“It is
Cas rolled his eyes and opened the door to the backseat.
Cas sighed and turned back to Dean. “I understand your reasoning for not telling him when you were children, but both of you are out of the situation now. You can’t be split up in foster care, your father can’t touch either of you… And he’s old enough to understand. He’s asking to know what happened.”
And then the ground leveled out, suddenly enough that when his feet made the unexpected contact his knees buckled and pitched him face first onto the ground. Except it wasn’t the ground he landed on. Well, it wasn’t
near all the others. “I am very flattered, but I’m going with Dean.”
Sam’s head whipped around and he saw the dark haired guy who had said he was Dean’s husband.
“Yeah,” Dean replied, his voice going a little soft.
Cas just laughed. “Aw, don’t be like that, my love. Simba was fierce, too. Adorable, but fierce. Just like you.” Cas pinched one of Dean’s cheeks.
“Of course!” Dean exploded, jumping up from the bed. “This shit is on
Sam’s lips ticked up in a smile. “It’s nothing,” he said. “I just found some stuff out about Dean that…” He sighed. “Well, that explains some things.”
He stood, putting all of his weight onto his right foot. He could feel the chill of the wood floor even through his socks. He cast his eyes around and then spotted the crutches he had been given. Across the room.
The crater seemed to come out of nowhere. One minute he was skidding his way through the gaps between trees, the next there were no more trees, and more urgent, no more ground.
“Sounds good to me,” Dean said.
“Like for us?” Sam asked. “Because no, I don’t think children should have been raised in—“
“Well, when you put it like that it doesn’t sound like the best idea,” Bobby admitted.
“Dean likes me?” he asked, voice choked in disbelief. “Dean Winchester?”
His adversary stood at the lip of the crater. His shape was humanoid, but his limbs were grotesquely elongated and it had two cruel and ragged wings protruding from its own back in a mockery of Castiel’s own.
Castiel shrugged. “I’m not at fault for the failings of human technology. And who says humans aren’t star shaped? We were around long before you.”
“How are you not dead?” Dean blurted. He assumed the answer was alien, but at the same time he wasn’t sure he was prepared to hear the man admit to it.
“Come on, boys,” he called to them through the open window. “The pimpmobile awaits!”
“That we’re not family, you mean.”
His adversary roared out, his soft voice giving way to a deep, throaty growl as the form in front of him grew four times its size, turning into a veiny, hairless bearlike creature. A claw swiped at Cas and caught him in the arm. Cas cried out and kicked backwards off of the beast’s belly and back into the air where he hovered and watched as the clawed hands of his adversary’s new form tried to remove the delicate weapon from its shoulder. He was planning the exact spot he was going to strike with the new sword he had manifested into his hand when he felt something hit his back, hard enough to send him sprawling into the dirt.
“No thinking, he’s not interested,” Charlie said.
Sam shifted in his seat and threw another glance out the window before turning back to Dean. “Okay,” he said, and then started his story.
“She only managed to steal two,” Cas replied.
“That’s not biologically possible. And even if it was, we’re not—you don’t have to—“ Cas spluttered.
"Butt buddies?"
“What?” he asked, still slightly in a daze.
Dean held him back with a hand on his shoulder. “It’s too dangerous,” Dean said. “Let me go first.”
“Charlie tried teaching me to dance,” Cas said, nearly shouting to be heard over the music and the girls singing along. “I don’t think it worked out so well. She told me I needed to ‘loosen up.’” He made air quotes with his fingers and everything.
Dean sighed. “It’s too—“
“I’m a wishing star,” Castiel repeated. “I told you I was promoted.”
“Uh…” Dean rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly. “I hope so?”
Cas smacked his arm. “If I hadn’t already met your parents I would assume they were a vampire and a vacuum cleaner. How am I supposed to lead chess club with this?”
“Yeah, he’s feeling pretty out of this world,” Sam added.
“Come home, Dean.”
“Yeah, I sort of got that,” Jo replied, striding into the blessedly air conditioned house. She took a moment and stood directly under one of the vents. “Sweet Jesus, that’s nice.”
“Nothing really,” Dean replied. “Some candies just go with the whole movie watching experience. Now try, you’ll like it.”
“Oh thank god,” Sam replied. “Is Dean with you?”
“Wait, no,” Dean said, raising his voice as if Cas wouldn’t be able to hear him over how bright he was. He couldn’t let Cas be embarrassed about this! Well, maybe a little, but only in the teasingly endearing way. But Dean didn’t know what to say, just that Cas kept getting brighter and brighter until Dean shouted the first thing that popped into his head that he thought might make Cas feel better. “I think you’re handsome, too!”
“And what are you going to do about your shop? Benny’s? Our friends?”
“I know you heard,” Cas said softly. “I saw you at the door afterwards.”
“Yes, I do,” Cas said. “I’m sorry that I was pushing you to call your brother. It’s not my place to tell you how to deal with the situation. I was being callous and I apologize.”
“I will forever rue the day I fell for a human with a normal, human stamina,” Cas said. Then he pinched Dean who let out a small yelp. “But that’s not what I was talking about.”
“You never told me they worked together,” Dean said.
“Need any help with your card?” Gabe called as Cas slammed his door shut. “I’m a really good drawer! Which one of you is Han and which one is Chewie? Wait, scratch that, we’re doing romantic relationships. Who’s Han and who’s Lando?”
“Still here,” they heard and they all turned their flashlights to the ground where Jo was planted face first.
“Idjit,” came the reply. “When you first called me and told me you’d gotten married a year after you left your daddy, I thought you’d gone nuts. Not to mention all that lovey dovey shit you guys do whenever you’re in the same room.”
"Dean, stop! I don't want to hang out, I don't feel good!"
. His brother-in-law. His friend.
was that? Well, it’s not like he ever pretended that he wasn’t pathetic when it came to Cas, but
Dean’s blush deepened. He cleared his throat. “Yeah, well. You better get going. Sam can be a little bitch if you make him wait too long.”
“Yeah,” Dean added. “And don’t even get him started on Rudolph’s nose.”
“But they’ve got to be there,” Dean said, later once the four of them were back at Dean’s house.
“You were sleepwalking?” Dean asked. “Shit, I sort of always thought that was just in the movies.”
Cas was panting as Dean dragged him back to where Charlie and Jo were watching, horrified, as the other seven children stepped forward in varying degrees of jerkiness.
“Keep breathing, Dean, I’ll be right back,” Cas said, getting up and crossing over to the door which he opened to Sam’s giant figure looming. Cas pushed him back and closed the door to the room behind the both of them.
There was silence for a few moments. “Do you want my honest opinion?”
Dean let his laughter out then, his tears able to pass as from the outburst. He laid a hand on Cas’ shoulder, like he had done so many times before, and just like all of those times, a warmth spread through Cas. He let that feeling finally pull his mouth into a smile.
“Okay, well I’ll see you at work tomorrow so we’ll figure out a time then,” Dean said.
“Thank you, Sam, but you may have the front. It is far too early in the morning for me to be any sort of good company. I was planning on sleeping.” He slid into the back without another word and closed the door behind himself.
He spent his day checking out the Chevy and making a list of the things he’d need to ask if Bobby had lying around in his scrap yard. After that he went and checked on Tracy, making sure her work was up to scratch (it was, and Dean promised to lay off on the hands on approach now that he was sure she was capable).
“Why?” Jake said. “It’s not like I didn’t think your brother was crazy before you said he saw the monster. Now we just know for sure that he’s a weirdo. Dude’s got a conspiracy theory for everything.”
Dean let out a huge exhale and turned his head to face away from Cas, who merely squeezed Dean’s hand.
Dean sat down heavily on the couch once his dad left. “Can we go to our island now?” he asked, closing his eyes and resting his head on the back of the couch.
“Jeez, what took you two so long?” Jo asked. “Did you have to drop the ring off at Mordor before grabbing my muffin?”
Cas nodded. “Even so, won’t he see the impala parked outside?”
He looked over to Cas, a stricken expression on his face as he began to feel his bond start to vibrate. Cas was staring back at him with the same look. Whatever his dad was doing was working. He didn’t know how they were going to stop this.
Dean stared at him for a moment, waiting for his composure to crack, but when he kept on staring right back at Dean with a straight face, Dean burst out with, “We were arguing over who was the hottest character!”
“You’re being dramatic again, you just said you have air conditioning. Besides,” he shrugged and pretended like it was nonchalant, “I like that blue and green one you have. It makes your eyes look nice.”
“He said he’d be here by nine,” Sam told him, checking the time on his phone. “We’re a little early, but I honestly expected dad to be waiting here with a trap or something.”
“Yeah, but I meant to a club or a bar. Take up a hobby! But no. I say ‘go have fun’ and you hear ‘go get a boring nine-to-five.’ I don’t like to say this a lot, but sometimes it’s embarrassing being your brother.”
After thanking Dean, Sam went upstairs to grab a quick shower, leaving Cas and Dean to wash and dry the dishes.
“Cas!” Dean exclaimed. “Sammy, this is Cas!” And then in a whisper just as loud as his previous exclamation, “The
The door opened and both Cas and Jess walked in together.
“Only every time you get to pick the movie,” Jo said with an eye roll, sitting up so Charlie could see it across the coffee table between them.
“Okay…” Dean stretched the word out. “You know you can tell me anything.”
“You never told me you were psychic. You think that would be something I should know about my husband.”
"I mean it, mister," she told him. "How about tomorrow we go out for burgers at that diner on Main?"
They spent their time lounging, swimming, and eating. Dean had even managed to fit a cake into the cooler beneath the sandwiches and sodas.
Contrary to what Sam had declared, Dean greatly enjoyed what he had started. The following week was filled with dungbombs, jelly leg jinxes, and one particularly nasty hex that turned Cas green for four hours (neither brother was willing to claim ownership over that particular prank).
“Have you seen you?” Cas asked him back.
“Get out,” Cas managed to grit through his teeth.
“What?” they both demanded angrily.
—I knew it would hurt you and that’s why I said it, but you’ve gotta know I didn’t mean it. I hate myself for saying that to you, Cas. I’m trying real hard not to be the person that I was when shit like that would just roll off my tongue, but I fucked up and just…” Dean squeezed Cas’ hand but couldn’t look at him. “I’m so fucking sorry. I love you so much, Cas. You
Dean grinned immediately, no trace of that sadness left. “Obviously,” Dean replied. “We were just waiting for your clumsy ass to finish locking up.”
Cas turned from where he was plating a rather large stack of pancakes when Dean walked in.
“Sunscreen?” Cas asked.
The walk to Charlie’s house was long, longer in the heat. It was basically torture. Especially with the way Cas’ white shirt stuck to his chest and back. Dean had a hard time looking away, and with the way Sam was smirking in his peripheral, he wasn’t exactly being subtle.
“Gotta get it out while we still have the chance,” Charlie said. “You go girl, let that sass out.”
“No problem, Cas,” Jo replied. “But know we’re expecting this level of dedication to our own birthdays.”
Dean, face the color of his scarlet quidditch robes he so proudly wore, jumped up from his position half across the table and walked as quickly as his feet would take him out of the Great Hall.
“If by ‘stupid’ you mean make out on the couch until Jo and Charlie arrive, I’m on board.”
Dean leaned in for another kiss, giving him a fond shake of his head. “You’re ridiculous.”
Dean blushed the same crimson as the flowers in his hand. “No, you’re not hallucinating,” Dean told him, putting the roses into a vase on the bedside table.
“Jake! Andy!” Sam called, not taking his eyes off of the creature that was now stalking toward them at an alarming rate.
Dean swallowed, practically audible, and shut up. “Sorry,” he mumbled.
And it was true. All around them the children were slowly coming back to their senses, lowering their fists and makeshift weapons to look around in horror and confusion.
“I told you to never set foot here again, John!”
Dean took his hand back from where it had been sneaking towards the button of Cas’ pants and crossed his arms in a sulk.
“It’s not gourmet, exactly. It’s—“
She grimaced. “Yikes,” she told him.
His wings flared out on either side of him and he flipped his blade in his hand in agitation.
“Good luck with the family dinner tonight,” he said, walking out of the room with a wave.
Cas narrowed his eyes. “What were you doing?”
Dean ignored him and kept walking until he was standing right in front of Cas, blocking him in against the counter.
"Of course, Sam," Cas said in his graveled voice.
Cas knew that Dean’s reason for visiting Bobby was not a family matter. His hunch was confirmed when Sam came over and announced that Dean had gone to pick up his prescription for genital warts that his dad had sent to Bobby so that Dean wouldn’t be embarrassed at the mail office. He could have come up with something more believable. Constipation medication, Cas could believe having seen Dean’s diet these past years.
Dean blushed and rubbed the back of his neck. “Yeah. Happy Valentine’s Day, dude.”
Cas cracked one eye open to glare at his best friend. “Obviously you can’t be trusted to give me sound advice about my brother. You’re the one who got me into this mess in the first place.”
“Okay, but what was that, really?”
“He’s missing. His parents reported it last night after he didn’t come home.”
In this form, Castiel’s adversary favored a hissing sort of laugh paired with a susurrus of taunts and threats.
A horrible silence fell on them then. Thick and oppressive and filling their ears with the quiet.
“Shit, sorry,” Dean said, brushing the dust from his front. “Sam sent Charlie to babysit. Took a bit to convince her this was a good plan.”
“Uh-huh,” Dean said. “You, uh, know how Cas is with details.” He forced a laugh. “Loves to plan everything down to the last minute.”
too awkward telling the woman that gave birth to him that he just had his first kiss turn into a make out session on her front porch. He just needed to wait until the feeling and memory of Cas’ lips pressing against his (a.k.a. the greatest moment of his life) to fade just a little before he could tell her without spontaneously combusting.
