He must be colder than usual as he is wrapped in that ratty, ugly blanket I have so often seen him wear upon his shoulders. I watch him as he struggles to keep it out of his way as writes furiously. He fails each time. His eyes grow irritated and hard because the blanket falls right back into the place from which he removes it. It must have happened one too many times. He flings it off completely and it lands behind him on the floor.
He lets Watson control the movements until Holmes feels Watson relax around his fingers. It isn't until Watson reaches for his own cock that he removes his fingers and demands the oil to slick himself up.
They both sit up, kicking the covers to the foot of the bed. Holmes wriggles out of his nightshirt as Watson removes his braces and shirt. By the time he has his vest removed and his trousers and pants undone, Holmes is kissing him deeply. Holmes taste strongly of tobacco.
He had my attention and curiosity.
"Might add a third for luck," Watson grunts. "It has been quite awhile since I have been on the receiving end."
"May I?"
Watson pushes in completely and they both moan. Holmes at the stretch of his arse. Watson's fat cock stretching him to his limits. He feels properly stuffed. It makes him want to sit on his cock for hours. A fantasy of Watson sitting in his usual chair, reading, pops into mind. Watson is hard and Holmes moves to kneel in front of him. He only undoes his attire just enough to pull out that hard rod. He takes a brief moment to prepare himself and then, not so gently, sits on that glorious cock. Watson hasn't even let out a sound or even indicates he's noticed Holmes. He just continues on with his reading. Holmes squirms until a hand forces him to still. He sits there unable to move or make noise and filled to the brim until Watson finishes his book. Then he is bent over, face pushed into the nearest flat surface and taken roughly for disturbing Watson's peace and quiet.
"I cannot sleep, Watson! There is no point in trying. I've done everything possible." Holmes whinges.
"I love you" he whispers, kissing his collar bone.
When he returns, he sets the tray of food on the nightstand after Holmes makes enough room for it. They settle against the headboard and Watson hands Holmes a sandwich. They polish them off, along with the refreshing lemonade, quickly and in relative silence.
I felt him smile. When the kiss broke, his head returned to my chest, listening to my heart beat. For a time I thought he'd fallen asleep and then his voice broke through the silence in a whisper.
"I think I - AH!" I didn't get to finish my sentence.
Watson resumes his pace.
It was nearing the end of autumn in our Sussex cottage. The winter months were upon us and it was growing rather cold outside. Although we made sure to have plenty of wood stocked for hearty fires, it did not always stop the cold seeping in my bones making my old wounds ache.
I cannot help the wide grin or the urge to go to him. When I reach him, stepping carefully though a minefield of papers and discarded books, he is looking up at me with a smile of his own.
"Only when you are gone."
"Just have to buy a new one to replace it," he waved me off and I took that as my opportunity to go to the toilet.
And afterwards, ensconsed in the warmth of their bed, "It's truly wonderful to have you to myself again," Holmes mumbles into Watson's chest. In return, Watson squeezes him tight and smiles into his still damp hair, "I missed you too."
Watson' chuckles, "Again?" His fingers trail up and down Holmes' spine.
He sat there with his eyes closed.
"More."
He grinds down and it feels like Holmes' cock is reaching his belly button. Watson gives a few rocks and springs up and down slowly for several moments.
Holmes' cock is half way in when Watson springs up and down a few times before using his full weight to push down the rest of the way. Several breathy exhales force their way out as Watson concentrates on relaxing. It's several seconds before Holmes feels Watson's tract unclench and a few more before he moves.
"I was not gone today," I state, helping him up from the floor.
The only sounds are Holmes' breathing, the slight rustling of the sheets, and Watson's soft, nearly inaudible, breathy 'uhs' on each thrust.
They lay there in comfortable silence for some time. Despite his recent release, Holmes' thoughts drift in that direction again. His fingers play and twine with the thick hair on his love's chest. Hair he so loves to pull and grab just to see the surprised look on Watson's face when the pleasurable pain shoots through him. His thumb finds a nipple, rubbing it gently and thinking of how Watson bucks when he pinches or bites them. The fatty, rounded out pectorals he loves to cup and mouth at.
I clenched around him upon hearing my name and he moaned. A moment to adjust and he was thrusting smoothly.
He rolls his eyes at me and squeezes the hand he is still holding.
"Stubborn ol' mule," I mutter.
It took a year after my return. A year of dancing around each other. I was tempted to admit myself to a madhouse during that year. Watson drove me nearly insane with yearning glances and soft touches he felt he could make away with. At one point, I thought I was imagining it. Surely he couldn't return my affections? It came to a fateful head. It was the anniversary of my return. We went for dinner.
I watched our reflection in the mirror. His arms wrapped tightly around my middle and his face was buried in my neck as he frotted against my backside. His fingers found their way in my chest hair and grabbed handfuls. He did not pull so much as to hurt me but I felt a delightful sting. I heard a sharp gasp and he removed himself from me.
Watson uses his body to push Holmes down and onto his back. He uses his weight and strength to his advantage. Holmes is stronger than his appearance lends and can easily overturn him if he wants, but seems content enough to let Watson take the lead in their proceedings.
Watson turns in earlier than normal and Holmes decides sometime thereafter to join him. He assumes they will spend the extra time entwined in a cozy embrace with light kisses being exchanged. With those hopes in mind, Holmes heads to the bathroom to complete his evening ablutions.
"Watch," he breathed next to my ear. A shiver went down my spine.
"If nothing happens, fine, we'll try something else."
Watson stays like that until his arms begin to shake and he has to lower himself to his elbows. The gap between them is closed. There is now the hot puffs of breaths on the back of neck, interspersed with wet kisses.
"Need help Watson or shall I leave you to it?"
Holmes minute thrusts into the pillow below prove fruitful. He inhales sharply and comes, head dropping to bite the pillow below his chest. He is washed away in a tidal wave of pleasure. His orgasm draining him. Watson stills until Holmes comes down. He is panting when he surfaces from his haze.
Ten minutes later I emerged clean and with a warm damp towel for Watson to clean up with. While he was at it, I gathered our clothes up and retrieved our night shirts and dressing gowns. When we were dressed, Watson poured us a nightcap and we sat on the settee. My free hand found his and he squeezed in response.
Holmes rolls to his side to reach for the vaseline on the nightstand and Watson uses this opportunity to settle behind Holmes, much how they had slept together only moments before.
He loves this, when Watson lays atop him, it's the best feeling in the world. He feels properly claimed. Most of all he feels safety and comfort and an inner peace he has never found in anything else.
He didn't bother to dress or even throw on a dressing gown. The shades had been drawn already when he arrived and he heard the door shut and lock when Mrs. Hudson left. No chance of being seen. It felt rather glorious to strut through the sitting room naked as a babe.
Before I had the chance to step out of them or remove my socks and braces, Holmes' hands were kneading my buttocks. He moaned and I felt his hard, clothed prick rubbing insistently against me.
It took a few months but, Holmes settled into retirement rather well. Actually, better than I had expected but, then this had been his idea. He has more time for research and experiments. Occasionally, he will take up a case in a nearby village during the warmer months. Of course, he also has his bees to tend to.
Sherlock glanced at his watch. Greg was supposed to be here watching Toby, but he’d been running late when he called Sherlock at fifteen to six, which was five minutes after Sherlock had decided to skip the introductory dog training class if he didn't hear from Greg within the next five minutes. He’d wanted to skip it anyway when he read the instructor’s syllabus yesterday and discovered that he would be leaving Toby at home during the initial session.
John turns down the lights in the kitchen, and sets a cup of tea on the desk beside me, before sitting in his chair with his own cup of tea. He sighs in pleasure when he settles himself into his chair. He's turned on the gas in the fireplace, and the fire highlights the left side of his face, his other half fading into shadow, and I wonder if the skin on the lit-up part of his face would be warmer than the shadowed side. In my mind, I trace both sides of his face with my fingers, my thumb pressing into the shallow dimple on his chin.
"Hold my hand."
"No, go ahead," Sherlock says, smiling. "I'm glad you like it. It's my grandmother's recipe, but Dad's apples."
learned it the day before. He made a face and said Yes but do you think Sherlock will think it's too
, although for all I know, he
"For you, actually," I say, then frown, my lips twisting to the side.
"Uh, yeah, yes, thank you. And, please, call me John."
Tuesday, a few hours before John said he would arrive, Sherlock broke into a frenzy of activity. He cleaned up the flat—not just tidying, but actually vacuuming, and doing all the dishes, wiping down the worktop, and all the tables with a damp flannel, as well as cleaning up any spills. He made his bed and put all his dirty clothes in the hamper, then put away the rest of the stuff scattered on his floor. Not that John was going to spend any time in Sherlock's bedroom, but if he
Minutes after the infant plops into my lap, it's standing up and looking around, ears flicking while its mother's tongue works it over, cleaning it. It turns to face me and that's the moment I know I can't go on. I break down into ghastly, grieving sobs. The new mother looks alarmed, but the lamb continues to regard me with interest.
My heart took flight.
"It's fine to be nervous," he says, eyes crinkling at their corners.
. My summer has started off with a barrage of doctors' visits and household projects and I haven't gotten much writing time. We're remodeling the upstairs floors and I had to displace my office and everything is now scattered in a heap of stuff pushed at the back of my bedroom and my laptop is back on the kitchen table, which I share with my very messy daughter. *sigh* Such is life.
Holmes finds he can't hold back much longer and speeds his hand up. They seek out each other's gaze. Watson seizes and ejaculates in one large streak across Holmes' stomach and several pulses over his hand, coating it in his seed. He falls forward, doing his best to not squash Holmes and to support his weight on his hands braced on the bed on either side of Holmes.
Watson gives himself several tugs to relieve the ache and to cover his prick throughly. He settles in close behind Holmes and they take a moment to adjust into a comfortable position. Watson pulls him tight against his chest and reaches between them to guide his cock to the tight hole awaiting him. His glans rests against Holmes' rim and he gives a few mock thrusts that only serve to make Holmes frustrated enough to grab at Watson's hip and push back to connect them at last.
Upon hindsight, I knew when it began. We were in a cab on our way back to Baker Street. I was still half aroused from the thrill of the chase. A case we just wrapped up. Holmes took notice. I felt his hand on my thigh. I watched as he undid my trousers and pulled out my prick. My eyes refused to leave the sight of his hands working my cock to fullness. Nor could I look away as his hand dance along it. His free hand slapped over my mouth to muffle my cries. I barely had to time snatch my handkerchief from my sleeve as he swiftly worked me to my peak. When I came to my senses, I found myself tucked back in and clothes righted. Holmes was exiting the cab and I followed, hastily shoving a soiled handkerchief in my pocket.
"Except that," despite how tempting it was, but that goes unsaid.
"I'm afraid you are down one shirt."
When I arrived, he bolted the door behind me and turned to the mirror above his bureau. He fiddled with it until he seemed satisfied and then guided me to stand before it.
I take my place back on my comfy chair and sip my brandy. It does wonders to warm me up but does nothing to help my shoulder. The fire is starting to die out but, I am reluctant to head to bed without Holmes. He would sit there all night (or as long as he could stay awake) if I left to bed early without him so, often I stay up with him when he becomes distracted as he is now. This method guarantees he sets aside his work to sleep each night. If I fall asleep in my chair, he wakes me and ensures I make it to bed. I'm not as young as I used to be and with added war wounds I can no longer sleep in odd places without hurting upon waking.
"Rougher than I intended for our first time," he murmured.
Watson's hand leaves its resting spot on top of Holmes'. He smooths it down the back of a pale thigh and then his arm is looping under Holmes' knee and pulling his leg up to his chest. The thrusts are suddenly deeper and Holmes' hand clutches tighter on Watson's bare hip. Now he can't reach himself even if he wanted to. Watson has him pinned into place. There is an intimacy with this that is raw. Being held and taken from behind on his side. He feels surrounded and it is a reminder of his love for and trust in Watson.
Holmes grins and holds out his hand. Watson pops open the oil and pours some over his fingers. He then positions himself as he was when Holmes walked in.
Holmes settles on the pillows, allowing his hips to move on their own. Watson is pushed up on his hands. Holmes can feel his hair brushing his back and he knows Watson head is dropped to watch them.
Watson blanches at the thought of Holmes having taken to the needle for morphine. Holmes reads it.
I had failed to notice how he arrived behind me as I had let my sordid thoughts make away with me. Instead of finishing his sentence, he cupped my groin. He gave my hard prick a gentle squeeze. I felt desire and embarrassment that I'd been caught course through me.
His beautiful fingers dug into my hip and uninjured shoulder. Bruises would certainly form and I was eager to see them. My cockstand gave one last feeble pulse causing a delightful shiver through my body.
"I thought I might get away with it," he groans.
Watson fumbles awake when the door to Holmes' room clicks open. He rubs his sleep laden eyes with the heel of his free hand and prys them opened only to be shocked with Mrs. Hudson's presence. Watson nearly jerks his arm out from beneath Holmes in an attempt to sit up.
Watson pulled at my clothing and we began undressing each other. When I had him down to his unbuttoned, half untucked shirt and still buttoned trousers, I shoved him onto the settee. He had the gall to looked surprised. Even more so, when I crawled onto his lap. If I'm being honest, I was surprised by my actions too. I was hungry. I was starving for him.
"Are you sure?" Holmes asks, rubbing Watson's injured leg in reference to his question. This will be the first time Watson has attempted to ride Holmes.
Waton's hands gripped my upper thighs, holding me in place. I intensely studied his face as I lifted up and fell back down. His eyes closed abruptly and he moaned. I did it again. His head fell back. I began riding him and we worked up to a moderate pace. I'd never felt so pleasure stricken in my life. Watson seemed to belong inside me. Like he was made to be there.
"Well, you achieve that, have no doubts."
Holmes is purposefully behaving passive and well-behaved. The moment Watson manhandled him to the bedroom he had a hint of what he might be in store for. Combined with the immediate change in posture when Watson faces him. The straightened spine, the rolled back shoulders, chin held high. All reminiscent of a man who had served in the military.
Watson releases Holmes and sits back, hands coming to rest gently on Holmes' stomach. Holmes opens his eyes and watches him again. As he bounces, his fat jiggles and his muscles are drawn up tight. Watson fishes around for Holmes' hand and jerks it to his chest. Holmes follows his lead and let's his hands wonder over his torso. Fingers glide through the hair stopping every so often to tweak and pinch his nipples. He cups his rounded pectorals, feeling the hard muscles underneath the layer of fat. He lets his hands grab at the fat of Watson's belly.
Holmes' talented tongue licked and prodded until I relaxed. He reached for the vaseline I failed to notice. It was covered by my cuffs. He slicked his fingers and they found their way to my puckered hole. One easily slid in and after a few thrusts he added a second. He opened me with almost scientific precision. A third was inserted. Insuring I could take him with ease.
"Sandwiches, Mrs. Hudson," Holmes' sleepy voice emerges. "And don't disturb us for the rest of the evening. Thank you."
The shock suddenly abates at her gentle touch and is replaced with a surprising calmness about the situation.
I tried to hush him up but, he wouldn't let me get a word in edgewise. So I did the next best thing. I shut him up with a kiss.
In retaliation, Watson tightens his body around Holmes. It works out a moan and a few sighs.
He pressed a kiss to my temple.
"What would you have me do?"
My hand found it's way underneath his chin and I imbued a kiss, with all the love I could muster, to his lips.
I almost choked on my dinner.
Necessity dictated we pull apart. Watson needed to sit. His legs were wobbly and I needed to clean. I say that but, the sensation of his spend slowly working it's way down my thigh made my cock twitch admirably. His ruined shirt caught my eyes.
his mother died.
Email me at archiveofmyown@gmail.com for any reason whatsoever.
"Yes, he did," Sherlock says triumphantly, as though the argument has turned in his favor.
!" John hissed, trying to hold Sherlock to stop him falling as he got out of the tub. Keeping one hand on Sherlock's waist, he looked for a clean towel, but all he found was a pile of dirty ones behind the door. John growled in irritation, and began shrugging out of his cardigan with one arm, then switching to hold Sherlock with the other so he could get it all the way off. He wrapped it around Sherlock, and then said, "Come on, then. Let's get you warmed up and dressed, and then you're going to sit down and eat some of Mrs. Hudson's scones. And
"Your own or someone else's?" Sherlock asks, his pale cheeks suddenly blooming with color.
"Pack for a week."
, you guys!" John says, feeling his throat pinch and eyes prick with tears. "I don't even know what to say—this is just
answer.
"Yes, but not this because if you want John then you have to get rid of Geoff."
"When you said you wanted to have sex, I thought you were just bored. I mean, you've never had any interest in sex, at least not since I've known you—and for me, well—I thought it would just be sex for you, something you could easily walk away from, and I knew that I couldn't. Just walk away, that is, and my, um—the feelings I have for you wouldn't matter—so I thought, at any rate. I knew I'd be miserable living with you and not being able to have you any longer, and you'd grow even more irritated with my misery, and then you'd kick me out. But then today, you kicked me out for the exact opposite reason."
"It's good to see you again, John," Evelyn says, and holds out her hand. John shakes it automatically, frowning in consternation.
Luckily, I'm used to naked bodies, so I can take all this in without the patient—or damsel in distress, in this case—noticing I'm eyeing his junk. Except when I glance up, I see him smirking, one eyebrow cocked suggestively. I feel my skin heat, but being busted doesn't make me pause for even a second in my ministrations. I situate him in a reclining position, crawling into the back of the Wagon after him so at least I'm out of the rain, trying not to drip any water on his now dry skin. I wrap him in a fleece blanket, crack half a dozen chemical warmers and tuck them around the trunk of his body, then overlay another fleece blanket on him. I tuck his wet hair in a towel, turban-style while he watches me with glittering, curious eyes, my skin flushing under his scrutiny. His eyes are an impossible color—like a pearl grey-green-blue. I tear my eyes away from his and finish tucking him in.
quick.
, though. Am I?"
John jerks back in shock. He closes his eyes, shakes his head, and then opens them, a harsh exhale bursting from his mouth. I escape to my bedroom, lock my door and burrow under the blankets and pillows, curling up on my side, my eyes wet and bottom lip trembling. It makes me absolutely
their functions.) Mum said: That you could have a boyfriend but not have sex with him and that is VERY interesting for when I have my own boyfriend. Then I asked Mum if it made her sad that John and Dad live together since John is the reason they got a divorce. Mum
kisser. His mouth dominates mine, but it doesn't feel as though I'm being assaulted.
tell me you're sorry!" John bellowed.
but he snaps it closed when he sees the possibly-sincere smile on Mycroft's face.
"Sit down, boys, and let's eat breakfast. Then we're opening gifts!" Violet declares.
"Wash your hair, you great big git. I can't reach from here."
It took less than two minutes of looking at her and around the room in which she lay to see she was a female Dominant who preferred male subs, a well-practiced but still beginner rigger, kept her practices (as I did) limited to the club, and there was a third person present when she was murdered. She enjoyed sewing, was a new homeowner, and appeared to have done much of the remodeling on her own.
"Bed," he asks.
He reached for my leaking prick but I swatted his hand away. He looked surprised and raised a brow.
They were thin but reassuring when he took my hand in the heat of a case. Always seeking to calm me when moments tensed. They were hands that contrasted beautifully within mine own.
He suddenly finds himself being pushed onto his front and without separating Watson follows. They move together, allowing Holmes to shove a pillow under his hips and one under his chest. He is thankful for the change. The pillow allows for something to frot against.
"Just lie there," Watson pushes Holmes onto his back on the bed and swings a leg to straddle his waist. "And take it."
"Why did you not tell me Mrs. Hudson knew?"
What he did not expect was to be greeted by the arousing sight of Watson bent over. One hand grips the tub's edge and well the other is busy elsewhere. He has a perfect view to take in the sight.
I'm surprised.
It wasn't that I needed to hide my reactions. We had a healthy sex life as it was. It was that my mind had fixated on his hands and I was a little embarrassed. I have always had a small fixation. Even Holmes knew. He lightly teased me on occasion about my descriptions in our adventures. Lately, my thoughts had taken on a more erotic tone. Anytime his hands handled any item even remotely phallic in shape, I couldn't stop myself.
I had been watching him from his chair. It was not unheard of for me to sit there but, I had taken to doing it when Holmes was working on his experiments. It had better light for reading, I explained. I could discreetly watch him over the newspaper and hide my reaction to my imaginings of his hands on my body with it as well.
I raised my arms as he removed my undershirt. I was bare from the waist up. He pressed his fully clothed self to me and his fingers played with my nipples. Ensuring they recieved the attention they deserved. I felt his lips press kisses across my shoulders and then my neck.
Watson shouts, clawing at Holmes' ribs. He raises welts and leaves nail marks. Holmes is lost in a tidal wave if pleasure. He can barely keep his eyes open to watch. Watson's head is thrown back and he is panting hard. His own breathing is impaired from the pressure of Watson pushing him down.
"I think that could be arranged," I said.
His words are sharp. Holmes shivers. It sounds wonderful but he needs to check.
"Shan't take long."
"I am in need of a good, firm spanking and a hard fuck through the bed."
The most exquisite pleasure racked my body and my fingers dug into the wood I held onto. I vaguely heard my Christian name tumble from his lips as he filled my arse with his spend. My unaided orgasm must have triggered his. I barely opened my eyes to catch the look of pure ecstasy upon his face in the mirror. We made for quite the sight, the pair of us.
"Dinner or sandwiches?"
Holmes takes it upon himself to lay down and is waiting for Watson to curl up behind him. Watson joins him and pulls the covers over them. As quick as it takes to blow out a candle, Holmes is asleep. Watson nearly laughs when he realizes but he settles in and decides to lay there for a while longer, enjoying the closeness.
Watson refuses him and half-heartedly tugs his trousers up to his waist. He grabs a handful of Holmes' shirt and drags him into his bedroom. A surprised, but pliant, Holmes follows dutifully behind.
We nursed our glasses until Watson set his down and moved in closer, removing mine from my hand and setting it on the floor. He pressed gentle kisses to my face and only continued. Eventually I found myself pushed onto my back with Watson's heavy weight pressing me into the sofa. We kissed and kissed, with swollen lips, until Watson fell asleep. His face was buried in my neck from where he placed his last kiss of the night.
Watson chuckles, "Well, yes."
The kissing continues. When Watson pulls away for air, Holmes follows. His hand twines in the silky dark strands at the back of his head, holding Holmes in place. Holmes' chapped lips become softer and softer with each slow dance of their tongues. One last lingering kiss is exchanged. Watson pulls away suckling at Holmes' bottom lip.
Watson's mustache tickling the base of his neck pulls him from this fantasy. Gentle kisses are peppered across one shoulder and up to his hairline.
"Remove your shoes."
And with that he left, leaving me standing naked in my socks and a puddle of my trousers. And so I did dress. I exited his room mere moments before Mrs. Hudson arrived with our food.
My prick was fit to burst. My head fell and I saw the head of my penis verging on a deep purple and was leaking. My hand ventured to grasp it and I could feel a vein. It was pulsing with every thrust. Watson swatted my hand away and worked me to my peak swiftly. I barely had half a mind to grab the nearest cloth. It was his shirt. I didn't have the chance to find something else. I was already ejaculating streaks onto it. A few more thrusts and Watson released inside me. The sensation cause me to clamp down once more and Watson groaned.
All was well. We were working on dessert. The few glasses of wine had worked it's way into our system. Watson is often bolder when he is drunk. His glances were less covert and more hungry. Halfway through desert I stiffened. His foot was working it's way up my leg. Watson must have noticed my reaction as he pulled away blushing attractively and apologizing profusely. Claiming he didn't know what came over him and that I should do well to forget the whole thing.
One moment I was filled with his fingers and next I was being filled with his cock. I hadn't the time to realize his fingers left me in the first place.
"I shall required your hands tomorrow," he murmured between bites, eventually breaking the companionable silence that had settled upon us.
"Good," he smiled. "A lovely little reminder of this occasion."
His knees creak and he grasps at his bad knee when it pops.
"You should know by now we can't put anything past that woman."
Watson drops his small travel trunk by the door and Holmes pops up with a start from the chair. Eyes wide and a brief flicker of panic until he notices it's just his dear doctor. Then surprises colours those exhausted eyes at the fact he failed to notice anyone had arrived, much less Watson. The mouse-coloured dressing gown falls to the floor finally giving up its feeble hold.
He lets his hand drift further south to his belly. The one he so loves to kiss. The fat he loves to admire. He thinks of how much Watson has changed since they first met. The man was thin and sickly as he was still recovering but, Mrs. Hudson's delicious cooking returned him to his former glory and her baking pushed him past it. Holmes is ever so thankful.
I may never know why that occasion, out of all the times his hands have brought me great pleasure, caused such a reaction in me.
Upon our arrival, pushed him upstairs. My hand on his back the whole time. I felt I was burning a hole in him. When we reached the sitting room, I locked the door. No sooner had I done so was Watson apologizing profusely again.
"Mmmm..." Watson voices. "Save that idea for a later date."
Holmes surprisingly concedes at that point and Watson follows him to Holmes' room. Thankfully, Holmes was already in his nightshirt so Watson did not have struggle get him ready. He toes off his own shoes, removes his jacket, waistcoat, and tie and loosens his collar. It was only a couple hours before dinner and he was only laying down long enough for Holmes to fall asleep.
Holmes cannot help the frantic bucking of his hips when Watson reaches his collar bone. He bites and pulls and sucks hard, leaving Holmes helpless and a bruising mark behind to remind Holmes. Holmes' hard cock rubs and chafes against the wool of Watson's trousers, desperately wishing they were out of the way so he can feel Watson's clearly, equally hard prick against his own. He wishes to rut against each other until they reach completion.
Holmes gasps as his head nearly yanked back by a firm pull if his hair and then his neck is being attacked. He whines and moans and squirms as Watson pays special attention to the sensitive spots behind his ear and along that long, pale expanse of his neck. Watson is careful about leaving marks. None above the collar, as much as they both would like that.
Holmes sucked harshly at the place where neck and shoulder met. I knew I'd have a mark and it made my prick jump. A mark nobody would see but Holmes and I would know about.
The next morning Watson finds his leg does, in fact, ache. Holmes gives it a massage and Watson actually uses his cane for it's intended purpose for the first time in ages.
I must have said this outloud because Watson responded.
I leaned in and kissed him again.
I shivered.
His hands were delicated though scarred and stained from years of abuse. His experiments often resulted in some new injury. Though, it was never serious enough to warrant serious medical attention.
"Shall I lay with you?"
When Watson deems him sufficiently prepared, he removes his fingers and shoves his trousers and undergarments down enough to pull out his aching prick, his bum exposed to the cool air of the room. Holmes supplies him with more vaseline to cover his cock and the tin is quickly discarded to the floor with a clatter.
"I did not know my hands affected you so-" Holmes' lips brushed my ear.
"I promise that if it becomes too much we will switch."
He can see Watson's other hand working to bring his prick back to life. It's rapidly filling out Watson's grip.
He shot me a glare.
A half dozen more lead to Watson pulling out to continue thrusting a few more times between his cheeks. His hips stutter against his backside and Holmes can feel Watson's release being smear over the small of his back by his loves' belly. There's a moment of peace as Watson stills and begins to relax.
Holmes knows when Watson is close because his hold on him tightens and restricts his breathing slightly. Watson picks up speed a little and Holmes cannot help but recall the time Watson humped a pillow to completion as he watched. He was quite shameless about it, once the initial embarrassment wore off. It was an exchange for Watson lazily watching him one glorious morning do the same to Watson's thigh. Holmes sat there enraptured by the way the muscles in his body moved and the fat jiggled but even more so by the rhythmic clenching of Watson's buttocks as he rutted. He moans as he remembers how he climbed onto the bed behind him and masturbated until he painted Watson's arse with his seed. A plush arse Holmes loves to see in action and he barely has to imagine how it looks right now.
I did as he instructed, bending to grasp the edge. My arse was presented to him. I heard rustling and suddenly felt his bare cock between my buttocks. I looked at our reflections, he was still fully dressed. Holmes only unbuttoned enough to free his aching cockstand. Such stark constrast with my nakedness only served to increase my arousal.
Watson surely looks dead to the world but Holmes knows he is not asleep. There is the slightest nuzzling from his love. They stay like that, settling into a relaxed and sated mush. It isn't until Watson's cock has grown soft and has been resting at the crux of where Holmes' thighs and buttocks meet for some time that Holmes finally indicates he is ready to move. Though it be reluctantly. Neither particularly like being glued to a pillow or each other.
"You must get dressed, John. Mrs. Hudson will be up shortly with dinner."
He barely notices Holmes removing the now empty oil vial from his hand and tossing it aside. His eyes are pinched closed and he is focusing on the fullness and stretch despite his softening erection.
His hand finds it's way further down, raking through the thick, wiry thatch. He cups Watson's warm genitals gently. His mind drifts to the times when he's watched Watson's cock grow hard. Amazed at how thick he becomes. The discovery that the color of his cockhead matches the tender wet skin on the inner side of his lips left him in a state for a week, unable to look at Watson's lips without becoming aroused. His hand has started a massaging motion without his permission.
Watson huffs but, he isn't actually irritated. He appreciates the concern, despite his leg no longer bothering him. Hasn't for some time now. He knows too much stress could cause it to flare up.
"And who am I to deny you?"
Holmes continued on, explaining to me in a low voice, as he groped and caressed me, that he had caught on to my voyeurism of his hands. That once he deduced my intense fixation, purposefully made sure to handle as many phallic shapes items he possibly could, in the hopes he might drive me to confess to him, this obsession of mine. He confessed he grew impatient with me and decided to act himself.
"What?" Watson mumbles into his neck.
Holmes takes the proffered hand and follows his dear, Watson.
"Not by choice I assure you." Watson takes hold of Holmes through his nightshirt, stroking him to fullness. He can feel his own prick beginning to plump up.
"Come, my dear Watson," and he gestured to follow him into his room.
"Can't find it in me to complain. I did ask for it."
I wanted to fall to my knees, but Holmes wrapped his arms around my waist to prevent it. A good thing. I knew my leg would object to such blatant abuse. Instead, I opted to let my head rest on my arms. That's when I saw it. My spend dripping down the front of bureau. Such distance.
I felt his hardness against mine but, continued on until I felt an overwhelming need to have him inside me. I pulled him up and we made quick to remove ourselves of the last of our clothing. I ran to my room, losing clothes as I went, and grabbed a vial of oil.
The only sound was our heavy breathing. Watson's hand left my prick to wrap around me in a hug. His other left my hip to join it. I was sure there were going to be bruises and I smiled. He adorned my shoulders and neck with kisses.
He teased it but would never touch the head. His forefinger and thumb stroked me back and forth until a large pearl formed at the tip. When he noticed it, a finger wiped it away. I watch us in the mirror as the finger with the pearl of my fluid reached my mouth. I knew what he wanted and obliged him. I licked it and moaned at the taste. His hips bucked against me.
"I think there are better ways to spend this evening."
His pace picked up and I was on the receiving end of a vigorous fucking. The poor settee shook and I could hear the slap of our flesh. It was all incredibly vulgar and only served to heighten the atmosphere.
When they were kicked to the side, he resumed his touch. Once again his fingers worked on buttons but, this time they worked swiftly. He jerked the tails from my trousers and slid my shirt from me.
"You're not going to introduce us, Sherlock?" asked the mysterious woman, as she walked down the final flight of steps. She shrugged into her navy coat.
"Oh my
"Yeah, I was getting to that, thanks. I, um—shit, this is so embarrassing. Okay, I think I'm in love—well, no, I
actually said a bad word instead of poopy but this is a kid friendly journal, lol.) I asked Mum why John did not want to move in with Dad? Did he think Dad was too
John waited dutifully at the bottom of the stairs, staring up at the first landing, hearing nothing but silence. In itself, silence wasn't necessarily indicative of trouble—Sherlock could spend hours in his mind palace, absolutely still, the only sound that of his breathing. The silence still felt ominous to John. Maybe it was nerves.
My ancestors began raising and herding Cheviot sheep when Napoleon was still just an army grunt. Over two hundred years of nearly continuous operation, my family worked this farm. In my father's careless hands, though, we became mere tenants of our own land. I'd spent years buying it all back and turning this into a working farm again. I thought it was my destiny and told myself it was the reason I got shot in Afghanistan and invalided out of the army. It was my fate to rescue this farm, this inheritance from generations of Watsons before me. I owed it to them.
be our baby brother and we will always adore him and want to take care of him. To Charysa and Eurus, he's the big brother they worship. You would think—we simply didn't question whether or not he knew how loved he was. He does now, I think—though sometimes I worry he keeps himself so closed off because, because—maybe he thinks we'll stop loving him if he allows any of his flaws to show." Sherrinford stands from her chair and walks to the window, leans against the wall, crosses her arms, and murmurs, almost to herself, "I wonder if that's the burden of all middle children."
With that, John began to usher Mycroft out of his flat, but Mycroft put his hand against John's chest to stop his forward momentum towards the door, and said, "John, please, will you just consider it? I know what an absolutely selfish arsehole he is, but I know the two of you love each other and—"
Up to this point, my prick has been unhurriedly filling with blood, but now I feel the wet throb of my pulse as it comes to full hardness as John alternates licking and sucking on the bite he made. It's now uncomfortably imprisoned by my trousers. I fit my hand between us in order to adjust it, but John grabs my wrist.
"Really?" Sherlock breathed, eyes open wide.
bedroom and then I'll endeavor to please
be Scottish. Just because you're born in Scotland doesn't mean you're a highland outdoorsman.
"Hold on—who said anything about caroling?" Sherlock asks, looking over Eurus's head at his Mum and Dad.
For the rest of the evening, nobody interrogates him and none of the occasional questions lobbed his way are intrusive. This is Sherlock's doing and while irritated that Sherlock thinks he needs such intervention, John is also grateful.
Sherlock glares at John, but relents. "Very well. What is your question?"
I gave her a skeptical glare. "You do realize lighting a candle has no influence on whether John wants me."
"What, like—are you saying like coming untouched?"
He was curled up naked in the huge Victorian-era clawfoot tub, but there was no water. His hair was greasy, skin sallow, and a patchy beard was growing along his jaw. He looked like he'd lost another ten pounds. His lips were blue and he was shaking.
Last night was Christmas Eve and Dad and John said they were giving
, all of which were complicated and confusing and would result in a shitstorm raining down on his head, and then Sherlock got overwhelmed and found it easier just to keep ignoring the problem.
"Dr. Watson?"
John snorts in wry amusement.
"What was it you wanted me to autograph, again?" Sherlock muttered with a smirk.
of them!"
them. He carried them around, played with them, fed them, changed them, put them to sleep—he was a regular little daddy. When they were four, he announced he was going back to university. Mum and Dad told him they'd only allow it if he came home for every half-term and end of term break, and at least one weekend a month. I think most of the reason he agreed was because he genuinely enjoyed being with Eurus and Charysa. He's much closer to the girls than Mycroft or myself because, unlike us, he was here for much of their childhood.
He couldn't fault Toby for the desire to lick John, nor the look of worship Toby gave to him when he'd sat back.
proofread because Christmas Eve was a
He pushes himself to his feet, and I sway towards him, but he holds out his hand. "I don't want to have sex with you," he says quietly.
"Seven," Sherlock whispered.
him to be the assertive one, the aggressor. John likes men for the fact that someone else can be the pursuer, the predator while John can be the prey. It's a rush to be wanted enough to be chased, coaxed,
She laughed, charmed. "Sorry, Dr. Watson. I'm already spoken for."
When I was done, he looked up at me, vulnerable and trusting, I leaned down to kiss him. His tongue darted into my mouth and I hummed in pleasure. There was a sudden tension in his body that was probably a result of him attempting to touch me while we kissed and then being forcefully reminded his hands were no longer in his control. I smiled against his lips. When I pulled away, he was slightly breathless, his eyelids heavy.
"John, wait!" Sherlock called after him, his hand grabbing for John's arm, but John managed to outpace him for once in their acquaintance, and Sherlock's fingers grasped at John's shirt before John tore himself away.
. "I don't want to open gifts right now, dammit. I want to do filthy things to you."
"Ugh," she replied, waving her hand in disgust. "I'm not stupid, you know. It's about you and Mum. She told me you were here, but then acted all quiet and serious like."
after he'd last seen Sherlock, he finally got a text. Sherlock gave no indication that he'd read John's texts, or listened to John's at first angry, then worried, and finally desperate, pleading voice messages.
Filing down the aisle with the Holmes family while holding Sherlock's hands was earning John a plethora of confused and intrigued looks. There was a bit of gossiping going on, which was to be expected. There were also some outraged looks, mostly from older people, obviously very devout and indignant that homosexuality should be paraded before them so brazenly.
inappropriate. John told Dad it is better for him or Dad to answer my
we are getting this flat cleaned up, or at least get it looking less like the inside of a skip. If it's not too late after that, I'll run out to the shops and get some groceries and things. I have to work tomorrow, but I'll come by after work, okay?"
are not going anywhere."
"I don't fucking know," Sherlock said, and shook his head. "I would ask for your advice, but you're not the person I should be asking." Audrey tilted her head in acknowledgement of the wisdom of that statement. Sherlock leaned against the desk and crossed his arms. "I didn't want to hurt anyone, honestly. I was—stupidly selfish, but I thought I could—"
"Well," John says peevishly. "At least someone will enjoy me being there, since you so obviously won't."
fucking depressed.
Suddenly, John was on the move through the sitting room, into the kitchen and beyond. Sherlock wasn't sure it was okay to follow him, but he couldn't stop himself from doing so. When he stepped inside the bedroom, John was sitting on the bed in the dark.
"Fine. But no contact after that, no matter what I decide."
"Technically it's the breakfast table right now," Sherlock says in that pettish voice John suspects hasn't changed much in the last twenty years.
. So can we get
"Your turn," she said.
Sherrinford smiles and says, "Fishing for information?"
Toby preened and turned on his best puppy dog eyes and his tail went
John turned into the hallway to the bedroom, which he could immediately see was dark except for a sliver of light coming from the bathroom. John retreated to the bathroom door that opened onto the hallway and knocked, calling, "Sherlock, are you in there?" He thought he heard a faint sound, a rhythmic snuffling. By this point, John's heart was pounding with alarm. Something was very, very wrong.
do this for Sherlock, John realized. It was that John was the only person Sherlock had ever been able to be this vulnerable around. John was stunned by the smug possessiveness that gripped him.
I lied. The angst goes on and on and on...
Eurus and Evelyn hug John and then, because Charysa didn't get a hug from John when he opened
After John urged me to take off my coat, I'd handed it to him without thinking about it, knowing he would take it. And he had, even though I hadn't asked, even though I hadn't thanked him, even though it wasn't his responsibility.
(Yes, it takes three people as well as myself to put the stories out there because, you know. Me.)
"Why do you want to know?" John asked, shrugging his shoulders. This whole conversation was making him nervous, and he was failing to get the information he wanted from Sherlock.
bedroom, to
Then, John had asked if he could use Sherlock's shower and Sherlock hadn't even bothered to tell John the upstairs bedroom also had an
"Only once or twice."
The minute he walked in the flat, Sherlock knew John—or someone in John's stead—had already been and gone, and that if Sherlock were to search the flat, he'd find nothing of John’s left behind. Sherlock didn't need to bother checking. There was an absence in the flat, a fading echo of John. Sherlock stopped himself from running to the bedroom and pressing his face into the pillow where John had slept last night.
Sherlock had discovered that he had, in fact, an awfully specific type of man he was attracted to and John Watson bore not even a passing resemblance to that type, and yet—
with him?"
When he works a fingertip in alongside his tongue, I've already spent an eternity nonsensical, and I don't realize John has stopped until he dribbles cold lube on my already slack hole.
He wasn't going to start making excuses for Sherlock so that he could run back into Sherlock's arms and still retain his pride.
Full dark descends on the country. Once again, everyone has gathered in the sitting room, the warm heart of Pombley Way. John knows now that the French doors in this room lead to the apple orchard that is Will Holmes's cherished joy. The whole thing is entirely glassed in, which is why they have apples in winter.
John finds his anger dissipating and he laughs, too. "He's
I lit a candle for you at church last night.
. Mentally, he chided himself.
John dropped them next to me. They were a crop, leather wrist cuffs, and a blindfold. I let my hands trail over them, thinking, until I heard John clear his throat.
"Will you sit next to me in the front pew?" Sherlock asked, his beautiful, deep voice hoarse from crying.
minge.) Sherlock winced. Part of him had wanted to defend Audrey, to say,
"Like what?"
"And you don't even have to go into town to ask him. He's the one who'll be coming out with the tow truck tomorrow." I start to add
Sherlock's lips cup John's top lip, letting the delicate skin catch and pull as he moves his head so that he can do the same to John's bottom lip. John's hands rest lightly on Sherlock's chest, just below his shoulders. When Sherlock's tongue peeks out of his mouth and starts to take little licking tastes of John's mouth, John's fingers dig into Sherlock's shoulders. Then Sherlock presses his open mouth against John's, tongue pushing into John's mouth, kissing him in earnest. His arms wrap around John and draw him closer, tighter, pressing them chest to chest. John rises up slightly on his knees to meet him and finds himself rubbing his hardening cock against Sherlock's belly. His hands slide into that mess of inky-auburn curls, gripping and pulling and plowing furrows through it. Sounds begin pouring out of John and Sherlock swallows them—gasps and moans and throaty, achy whimpers.
life, the Technicolor version.
"Then why did you keep. Having. Sex. With. Me," John said, voice suddenly low and dark.
Having picked his way around Toby, Sherlock stood at the foot of the bed, glaring haughtily at John. John's eyebrows rose in amusement. "Aw," he said with all the sympathy of a jungle cat. "Did your poor ego get bruised?"
"No, for you I added on an extra helping of pretentious arsehole."
Right before noon, there's a knock on the outside doors. He's dozing on the couch, not a surprise considering his insomnia the night before. At least his headache is gone. This time it's Violet whose eager smiling face greets him when he pulls the door open.
with people."
Sherlock has enfolded John into him like a carnivorous flower whose petals close once they've captured their meal, locking it in. John missed the point where Sherlock went from pursuing him to capturing him. Sherlock's arms cross over John's back and his hands hold John's head right where he wants it. John's legs are split apart by Sherlock's knees so that even if he escaped Sherlock's arms, he'd still be trapped by the position they're in.
John tilted his head back and stared at the ceiling with a smile on his face. Then he pointed a finger at her and said, "You, my dear, are the
"I don't mean to pry, John. I know Sherlock can be difficult, but I hope the two of you can work out whatever's got both of you looking so unhappy."
I chuckled darkly. "Rise to your knees, and I will serve at your leisure, my lord," I said sweetly, then snaked my way down his body.
My goal was to bring the blood up to the skin in a gradual darkening from pink to magenta. Unless, of course, John called
"You'd like?"
and you
"This is just from me and Sherrinford," Charysa makes it a point to say. "They all got you something else," and waves dismissively at the rest of her family.
The path from the Uber into the church was windy and cold, and he felt it through his jacket and cardigan, straight into his heart. He was nervous, and kept glancing surreptitiously around, trying not to look overly suspicious as he scanned for Sherlock. The last thing he wanted was to speak with him, to even allow him to know John was there. Although, thinking about it, he supposed that negated his whole reason for coming. After all, he was supposed to be offering support, not hiding.
"Grandad, this is
"How is that cruel? I thought that's what you—wait!"
"Yes, he did—he did indeed say that, and I was very,
"What is it?" John asked in a low voice.
"No! My God, you're such an arsehole!" she says. This is the first time John has heard her curse.
"Fine," John said, still frowning.
"Sherlock!" she huffed breathlessly. He nuzzled his way between her labia, his tongue seeking, and she groaned and rocked forward slightly. "I wasn't expecting—oh my
"No thank you, Jenny," Sherlock says, and she leaves, shutting both doors on her way out.
John's body was already flushed but now all the blood reddening his skin makes him so hot he begins to perspire. He gulps, then mumbles, "Yeah, that was—right. Go ahead, then?"
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "Divorced?"
"Oh, shut it," she said, bumping her shoulder against his.
They start walking again, the silence once again uneasy. John looks for Sherlock, but he and Violet have disappeared. He cranes his neck around, wondering where they are and realizes the side street they were walking down has turned into a narrow dirt lane. There are spindly, bare trees to their left, and the backs of houses to their right. Ahead is a turnstile which opens up onto acres and acres of fallow farmland.
"You only had to say so," he grunted.
"I know a dismissal when hear one." She clucks. "I hope the two of you have a relaxing evening in. Don't worry, I'll be gone for the rest of the evening." She winks and bustles out the door. The door clicks shut behind her.
"If that is meant be punish-" Holmes grunts as another squeeze catches him off guard. "-ment for my comment, it's failing spectacularly."
She chuckles softly. "Doctor Watson you clearly have questions but no worries. I have known for some time. I'm surprised Mr. Holmes did not tell you." She smiles that reassuring motherly smile, "You two are safe with me." And pats his arm.
Holmes hums. It's noncommittal. And quite frankly he's not sure himself if another round is on for this evening. He tucks his hand in the crease of Watson's thigh and thinks he mostly missed this level of intimacy between them as they often lie nude together regardless of if they've had sex. He craves the skin to skin contact, something he never knew he needed until Watson came along.
Holmes repositions his legs and Watson adjusts with him. The next thrusts proves this was an excellent idea. He grunts in surprised when Watson cock hits his prostate. It's more of a tap but it sends sparks down his legs.
We stayed connected until I could stand unaided. He slipped from me and reached for the nearest cloth, dipping it in the tepid water from the basin. He cleaned us both and then my spend. He quickly tucked himself away and came stand beside me. I watched his fingers smooth over the indentations my nails left in the heat of passion.
"Help me clean?" Watson asks, sitting up and climbing from the bed, shivering when Holmes slips from him.
Still not enough.
Maybe I hadn't been as stealthy as I thought.
"Giving up early?"
Although we never got to the activity that set off the twinkle in his eyes, the massage did wonders. His hot hands upon my shoulders and back felt wonderous. As we laid entwined, his head to my chest and legs tangled, I could not help but feel happy. Every day in this cottage is a blessing.
"You see, it's been three weeks since my last release. You have been neglecting your duties."
I deliver a tender kiss to his forehead and he sighs.
It had been three weeks since their last time together. First a case that took up an entire week of their time. Then a letter from an acquaintance, to which Watson owed a favour, where two weeks were spent nursing back to health their only child. Although this was not the first time they'd gone an extended period without, for some reason it was different this time.
Watson's hand leaves it's place under his knee but it is clear that his leg is to stay there on it's own. His own leaves Watson's hip to the bed before him gripping the edge to help balance himself. There's a ghosting of fingers on his ribs that almost make him cry out with laughter. A hard pinch on his nipple that makes him gasp. A bite to his shoulder blade that makes him grunt. A slap to his bum followed by a firm grip that makes him jump and moan. A thumb brushes and plays with that sensitive area behind his bollocks that makes him wish he could touch himself.
"I love you too, John."
We ate like starved men having worked up an appetite from our activities.
I couldn't. It was the final piece. I knew he wanted me for certain. I paid for our dinner and grabbed his wrist, tugging him out the door and into the nearest cab. The ride back to Baker Street was agony. I could tell Watson was fretting over his actions. That I intended to berate and belittle him for is advances. It was far from it.
"Sherlock," he breathes and it's barely a whisper behind his ear.
His left traveled up to my mouth and I eagerly opened for his fingers. They did an imitation of what his cock would do to my arse if I had a say. I sucked and laved them in returned. He removed them and they moved to a nipple. The other made it's way to my jutting cock. Standing shamelessly proud and erect.
"Christ!" Watson jumps, dislodging his fingers and scrambling to cover himself. "It was supposed to be a surprise." He mumbles, blushing.
Oh, dear.
"I think you shall have to give up sitting on the floor soon," I say softly.
Holmes wishes he could, truly does, but he makes do with the times he has the pleasure of seeing Watson in the same way.
It was glorious if not a little inexperienced on my behalf. Kissing wasn't something I was wont to do. We broke for air and I kissed him again.
It was uncomfortable and he knew immediately. We switched positions and I sat on top of him. He held his prick and I eased myself down. Working at my own pace. I could see it in his face. The restraint. Trying his best to not buck into me. Oh how I wanted him to. I continued to slowly impale myself on his lovely prick until my backside met his groin. I let myself relax, putting my full weight on him and he felt impossibly deeper.
He listened but, it still wasn't enough.
It was all surprisingly erotic to see his hands do what he'd done dozens of times. I wasn't sure why this time was so different.
"Brace yourself on the bureau." His voice was strained.
He feels the drag of that wonderous prick over his prostate as Watson pulls back and when he pushes back in, another tap to it. It's an agonizing tap draaag...tap draaag...tap draaag. A slow build until Holmes hips are squirming under Watson's the best they can for friction. He is desperate to come off.
My hand slapped his thigh as a hint of what may be in store. I watched him blush beautifully. It extended to underneath his collar and I'm certain to his chest.
story, I snatched the name Toby from the bloodhound in season four, but it was always my intention for Toby to be a mixed breed dog. The German Shepherd and Labrador Retriever mix I envisioned was a subconscious choice it seems because when I did a Google search for "German Shepherd and Labrador Retriever mix," this was the first picture in the Images results and it shocked me so much that I just stared at it for a moment.
"Call me John, please," he said, shaking her hand. "It's good to meet you."
shocked and I told them to open them at the same time so they did. Dad said to John I was going to ask you to marry me! and John said to Dad I was going to ask YOU to marry ME! and then there were LOTS of
," Sherlock said before grabbing John by his arse and squeezing—oh,
"Nothing," John says, and pulls Sherlock along with him to get away from Sherrinford before she says something that he'll deeply regret.
"What?" Sherlock asks his mother, looking puzzled at her censure. He looks at John and then back at his mother.
and John curses,
"For hiding him away for so long," Charysa says and then beams at John.
say you can't accept our gift," Violet says and John immediately snaps his mouth shut when he sees the martial gleam in her eye. "What Sherlock told you is true—you're family now. You and my son love each other, which means you belong to our family."
Sherlock stood in front of the row of terraced houses on Powis Square where he'd lived with Audrey up until six months ago. Six months ago he'd had a two week fling with Paul, the younger brother of a friend of a friend, and Audrey had found him out. She'd threatened to divorce him and take Louisa to North Yorkshire, where Audrey's grandparents lived. It would've forced Sherlock to make the four hour trip to Scarborough by train and then another thirty minutes by car to the small village in which her grandparents lived. That was when they'd agreed to a trial separation. Sherlock had moved to a tiny flat on the corner of Montague Place and Russell Square, and spent hours in the British Museum, hoping for a juicy murder in between visits home—when this house
"I'll text him," John said, and shut the door in her face, which gave him a childish thrill. She'd never been anything but polite, though reserved, with him (for obvious reasons) and at the funeral she'd enthusiastically confirmed that she and Sherlock had initiated the process of a divorce.
Sherrinford nods and, without another word, gets up and walks out, leaving the outer doors open just a crack. John stands up and begins to pace.
, John thinks, but can't finish his thought because Sherlock is grunting and pumping his hips up as John pushes himself down. They're dry humping like ruddy teenagers and John thinks
with Audrey—was something he was so accustomed to that it seemed more real at that moment than what he had with John.
"After what happened with Victor, I think he just wanted to get
"C'mon, Dad,
"I'm not
"Agreed. Have you ever had a proper relationship with a man?"
Audrey was interrupted by the sound of the street door slamming shut. Their eyes met, and Sherlock saw the set of her shoulders, the martial glint in her eyes. In a cool, measured voice, she said, "You have five minutes with him to explain before I introduce myself."
With that, Oasis walked off, leaving me to perform the agonizing job of breaking up with Geoff. He was angry, of course, as he had a right to be. We'd had a comfortable play partnership and great sex, but I'd never thought of us as more than that. We'd never said we were exclusive—although neither of us had had sex with other people. Well,
oh, God, you tried to tell me, didn't you? Or started to, the night we met, and then you changed your mind, spouted some shite about being
There is a slight change and Holmes can tell Watson's still socked foot has found better purchase on the sheets. His thrusts are still just as slow but are more punctuated.
"Ah, John!"
Holmes bucks back as a hint and Watson removes himself. He pushes up and grabs the pillow below him to clean his front and hands it to Watson to clean his backside, who does a quick perfunctory check for any potential tears and then cleans himself. The soiled pillow is tossed to the floor. He removes the last of his clothes, washes his hands quickly in the basin, and settles on his back in bed. Holmes throws an arm and a leg over him. His softened genitals laying snug against Watson's hairy thigh.
By the time he removes his coat and hangs it and his hat up, Holmes has crossed the room to him.
Before he knows it, they are back in his chest hair, grabbing handfuls and tugging Watson down as he reaches up. Their lips meets in a hard and hot kiss. A shocked noise escapes Watson but quickly turns to a moan as Holmes pushes his tongue into him. They kiss and suck until one of them breaks for air. Their lips are stained red and swollen.
That established, Watson fumbles around for the hidden oil kept nearby. Holmes' hand slinks under the pillow and hands it to Watson. He uncorks it and pours a generous amount into the palm of his hand. Watson reaches behind him for Holmes' cock. He takes it and lathers it throughly and then positions it at his entrance. Slowly he lowers himself, letting the head pop in.
Holmes lets go of his prick and grasps Watson's buttocks. He gives a half dozen thrusts, which is all it takes to follow Watson. By the time he finishes, Watson's arms are shaking under his own weight but Holmes is already inviting the collapse. They relax into the bed and are panting into each other's necks.
"Close," he rasps.
"An infinitely better way of warming up and taking care of your aches."
"Since you are here, might as well let you help."
I give up and decide that tattered old blanket will have to work instead. When I reach the living room, my eyes set up on Sherlock immediately. I realize he's been wearing my sweater this whole time and currently has the neck pulled over his nose as if he has experienced a foul smelled and is trying his best to block it. Though his expression in his eyes states otherwise. His eyes are closed and he takes a deep breath, inhaling the smell of the knitted yarn. A relaxed and comforted look settles on his beautiful aging face.
"How about a well deserved bath and then bed for the night, my dear?" Watson squeezes Holmes' inner thigh where his hand has been resting as they ate.
Watson settles back onto the bed and takes a moment to take in the last couple minutes.
Watson lays there paralyzed.
"Harder and faster," I said.
My eyes were glued to the reflection of his hand. He spent a few more minutes teasing the head of my prick before he broke the silence.
He took his place behind me. I felt ridiculous standing there doing nothing but, I let Holmes proceed with whatever plans he had. I was sure they would be beneficial to the both of us eventually.
Next was my collar and then he unbuttoned the first few buttons of my shirt. My head instinctively tilted as he moved to press a hot kiss to my exposed neck. I watched his hands travel down my arms. He took a brief interlude to remove me of my cufflinks and cuffs. Both finding a home on the bureau.
My eyes followed as his hands came up underneath my arms and pressed their way down from my chest to my upper thighs and back up again. His thumbs brushing briefly over my straining prick. He removed my watch and chain. Holmes' fingers worked on my waistcoat buttons and it too made it's way to the chair.
"Dammit John! Fuck me," I grit out between my teeth.
Holmes pushes into his grip until it isn't enough. He starts on Watson's collar and manages the first two buttons of his shirt before Watson is batting him away.
She sighed and set her cup on the side table next to her chair, then got up and walked to him. Slowly, she wrapped her arms around him, and he clung to her. It wasn't long before he felt the dampness of Audrey's tears against his neck and he squeezed her against him in the shared sorrow of the loss of a marriage that had died without taking their affection for each other with it. It confused things, still loving someone you once thought yourself
Once they've eased into their chairs, and have a drink in their hand, that silent, serene camaraderie John usually experiences with Sherlock spreads from Will to John. Thirty minutes pass this way before John thinks to check on everyone else. He sends a quick text to Sherlock asking where they are. When the text isn't promptly answered, John puts his phone away and swallows the rest of his whiskey.
(surely, I'll take issue with him about that as soon as my arse isn't full of his dick) and I'm dragging in grating gasps
"Hm," I said thoughtfully. "And were you able to locate your prostate?"
Sherlock's eyes brightened, but John gave him a quelling look. He didn't even have to say
"Were?"
"If there was an invitation, Mother would have called me."
Then Evelyn comes and bends over John from behind, her long hair falling to tickle his cheek. He pushes the curtain of hair out of the way and she murmurs an apology and grabs it up in one hand, but her focus is on the laptop.
—willing to give more, but since then you've not—there's nothing in your behavior that would indicate—I would've said it before now, had I believed it would make any difference in the end."
do you mean your entire family? Your parents? Bloody Mycroft too?"
is ours, too. So get over your small dog prejudice."
After the funeral and the interment, but before all the funeral-goers had gone back to Sherlock's parents' house, John gave Sherlock his new number and email address.
—legs further apart, and began making quicker and more shallow thrusts. Andrew came with a whimper as he tried to keep himself quiet—they hardly needed an ASBO for public indecency.
"Who's Evelyn?" John asks.
John sipped his tea, staring at the table top. Finally, he lifted his head. "I don't understand," he said, shaking his head.
, the sassy minx.
Sherlock looked away and couldn't answer. He stood up, not wanting to stay seated while John was standing. He cleared his throat and decided there wasn't any point in holding off the inevitable. He let out a deep sigh, steeling himself, then turned to John. "There have been—indiscretions on my part during my marriage to Audrey. At first, I considered you just that." John scoffed and shook his head in disbelief but Sherlock held up his hand. "Please, John. You asked me a question, so allow me to answer. Believe me when I say that what I'm about to tell you paints me in an even worse light than what you already see.
"Only that he'd fucked it all up between you two, which is bullshit of course. He's sitting on a bench in the orchard looking like a child who woke up on Christmas Day to find that everyone received presents except him. Actually, he looks like Santa came and took a big, steaming shit right at his feet."
Audrey had told him.
John nods without thinking and notices the piano and garishly decorated Christmas tree in the left-hand corner of the room that he couldn't see from outside the room. Presents are heaped under the tree, some of them overrun with curled ribbons, some of them wrapped haphazardly in drab Christmas paper. It's clear that they were wrapped by more than one person.
"I can't!" I wail into my hands which muffles what I say to
"Tomorrow morning?" Sherlock asked hopefully.
"DI Lestrade—" Sherlock began, then turned on his side to face John. "Do you know him? I assume you've worked with some of the officers in the Met."
"So," Charysa says, eyes glowing with the kind of light Sherlock gets when he's discovered something vital to solving a crime. "We've been begging Sherlock
arse.
This time John's indignant squawk is aimed at Sherrinford who he can just make out over Sherlock's shoulder. She's standing in the doorway, arms crossed, looking at him as though to say,
"Someone else's," John says faintly.
"I need you, John, please. When I saw you, I thought,
risotto for supper and we said YES at the same time and John said we both looked very guilty but he would not ask why because he
John snorted and rolled his eyes, then brought Sherlock's hand up to his mouth and kissed his knuckles. Sherlock's breath hitched, and John looked up at him curiously. He could see that John hadn't realized he was doing it, that it had come to him too naturally to be noticed.
to imagine John with someone else, to imagine him falling in love, getting married, moving out of our
Beware Brave Reader: Herein I get my nerd on and flex that $45,000 education in literary criticism. Forthwith, I discuss poetry, love, loss and - most importantly - man on man action. And I do it in less than 800 words!
mother—mine and Sherlock's—she, uh. She passed away this Friday past. The funeral is this Saturday, and I'm here because I want you to come."
"Time to stop hiding, my dear," she says wagging a finger in his face. Her hair is pulled back into a ponytail and her glasses are hanging from a chain. She's wearing a hideous Christmas jumper that appears to be more tongue-in-cheek than earnestly worn. "We're leaving in an hour to go into the village for lunch and last minute shopping. Meet us by the front door at one o'clock."
After everything had been moved in, and both men had hydrated themselves, they went into the sitting room so John could turn on the gas fire and warm up their fingers and toes. Sherlock was right behind him so when John stopped abruptly, Sherlock ran into him.
"She's really, very—extremely small, John—did they not have a full size dog for you at the shelter?" Sherlock said, eyes fixed on Sophia.
A month later, John goes to Tesco's to do the shopping, and he comes home whistling. I look up from my microscope, and suck in a breath that causes him to look up. I stare at him, and his eyes slide away. He clears his throat. He looks oddly guilty.
when it could only strengthen the case against him. "After that night, I knew I needed to tell you. I'd
Christmas," John points out.
"What about Audrey and Louisa?"
"Might help if you did," Sherlock muttered, and John laughed, which made Sherlock smile. The clawed creature inside him—the void which swallowed everything good—lost a little of its hold. From experience, Sherlock knew this was only a temporary stay, and when it passed, the monster would grip even tighter for a while. But with every loosening of its claws, Sherlock had time to breathe, to regroup his strength, to pull together his resistance. Eventually, he would beat it back into dormancy.
. Sherlock pursed his lips, knowing that he couldn’t put off leaving indefinitely without looking even more like a schoolboy with a crush although, broadly speaking, he supposed that’s what he was. Plus, for whatever reason, he didn't want anyone to know that there was a
Then they're going at it, snogging properly, beginning to thrust against each other. John can feel Sherlock's growing erection against his arse, and John sets a rhythm with his body, first lifting himself to grind his erection against Sherlock's stomach, then lowering himself and writhing on top of Sherlock's lap, groaning at how quickly Sherlock's own erection is growing.
doubts about it. I asked him if it was an
"Sure. No, sit—I'll get it," John says when Will starts to stand.
and in that time you went and got a thing for your best friend? I thought he was
Louisa led Sherlock into the front sitting room and pushed him down in the chair that used to be his. "What are we going to talk about?" she whispered conspiratorially.
John wrung four out of him before he was begging John to stop. John pulled out and came over the kid's magnificent arse, to which Andrew said, "Ta for that. Now I've gotta go home with my pants stuck to my backside," but his peevishness was obliterated by his limp, nearly melted, fucked-out state. He could barely keep himself standing, so John pulled his pants and jeans up for him, tucked him away, and zipped him up. Then he stared at the cum-stained wall with pride.
"It's not my fault if Sherlock didn't warn him," Mycroft says to her, but he's looking at John with narrowed eyes.
"I'm ever so glad to see you, John. You have no idea what—" she stopped herself from saying whatever had been on her lips. She smiled weakly, avoiding his eyes. "Well. At any rate, he'll be happy to see you."
exasperating and that I did not know how to mind my own
table). Then he pointed his finger at each of the squares where those words were found and then he wrote down their chemical symbol. He gave me the note he wrote it on so here I will write it out for you.
Or would have, if Toby hadn't been in the way.
was a nightmare with Audrey threatening to divorce him and take Louisa away.
Sherrinford gives him a slightly disapproving look. "Don't play dumb. I mean, are you and he together?"
and I felt a knife sliding under the tape that kept them closed. I knew what was in those boxes; of course I did. Didn't I?
Audrey snorted in laughter. "They were my
"I see your sleeping habits haven't changed," John said, barely a smirk on his lips.
"Why?" she asked, giving him a tilted, slightly sad smile. "It was actually rather hot—I don't know why you stopped. I think you could've fucked me through a second orgasm."
, or my version of it anyway."
Will is tall, also grey-haired, brusquely cheerful when he shakes John's hand and welcomes him.
John took Sherlock's face in his hands and held his eyes. "Let's go back before we start worrying everyone, yeah?"
. He was drifting in a harrowing misery, and it rendered everything in his life completely unmanageable.
John lets out a gusty sigh and mutters, "Sherlock and I aren't together."
"to—"
. So, no more fucking twinks in alleys, and definitely no more texting Sherlock unless he texted first. Only then would John respond. And he'd be cool, too, in his responses. Like it was nothing to him whether Sherlock opened up communication or not. It wasn't at all true and wouldn't stand up to even the most cursory of Sherlock's examinations, but it was what John had to hold onto, and dammit—he wasn't going to let it go.
body,
, at least it would be clean.
The choice is taken from him when Eurus picks it up, checks the tag, and then says, "Oooh, this is for you, Sherlock, from John," in a suggestive voice.
"I didn't have time to go back for you when Greg got the call and we were all told to leave our phones on silent," Sherlock said plaintively. "And I'm fine. See?" He gestured down his body.
"How long would it have been before you told me if I hadn't walked in on you today?"
hers. Although he supposed that his was worse because it wasn't about sex—unlike Paul, the
John freezes in horror, not even daring to look over his shoulder. He lifts his eyes to Sherlock expecting to see his own mortification mirrored there, but Sherlock is scowling over John's shoulder. Then he says, "They're gone," and his eyes glitter scarily in that way John has always associated with Sherlock plotting something dangerous and highly inadvisable. Then, in the kind of acrobatic movement Sherlock makes look easy (and that John finds
Where someone else would've been deeply offended at Sherlock's brutally clinical admission, Audrey only raised her eyebrows ruefully. "Let me guess—you discovered you were in love with him?"
Even I, as cold as I made myself appear to the world at large, could not help but turn to her sometimes. It helped her motherly image that she was barely five feet tall, as dark and round as a plum, and showered us all with Spanish endearments.
to belong to a serial killer. The only thing you match is the one witness report we have and the area."
I slam the refrigerator door shut and stand there, eyes wide.
Sherlock was staring up at her, nostrils flared, angry, but a look of imploring in his eyes as well. "You said
John suspected she was trying to
"Shut up, Mycroft," John and Sherlock snap together.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Shut up," Sherlock says, glowering. "You'll bring the whole lot of them running in here." His face is stained so red he looks like he might be apoplectic.
and digging his fingers into the crack of his arse. Sherlock's eyes were intense—John couldn't hold his gaze, but Sherlock gripped John's face between his hands and forced him back. John felt something was being
"Just checking," John says mildly, causing Sherlock to frown again. "How many days should I pack for?"
"Does this mean you're coming home?" Sherlock asked as they meandered towards the bedroom.
"That's hardly a surprise, dear, and I seriously doubt it's why you want to come for a visit. So spill. And remember, I know when you're lying."
and then left the Yard
"Come sit down, John. Eat," Sherlock says, already pouring tea into the cups. "I knew you'd be overwhelmed. We should have half an hour, though, before the barbarians descend upon us."
and not everyone's, when I was at home. Then I went off to school and somewhere between half term and Christmas, he died. He'd disappeared and they looked for him everywhere, put up signs throughout the local village, all that. On a walk with the estate manager to inspect all the old tenant cottages, Dad found him lying in the doorway of one of the stone outbuildings."
ever touched yourself here?"
Is there such a thing as love at first sight? Surely, not. But, damn, if I don't want to drop to my knees and press my face against the too tight front of those tracksuit bottoms and offer myself to him. I haven't been with anyone since I moved out here to become a sheep rancher and that was almost four years ago. An aching desperation steals over me, crushing me. I'm suffocating with the need for him to touch me.
On Christmas Day, John wakes shortly after six in the morning, exhausted and gritty-eyed, without a clear memory of going to bed. It takes less than a second, though, for him to recall with painful clarity the fight between he and Sherlock.
That exchange became the lynchpin for
"Listen to me, John," Sherlock whispered, faced twisted in unhappiness and fear. "I love you. Whatever happens, remember that, okay? What we have together is
I would apologize for being three weeks late with this chapter, but I believe apologies are only good if you actually
. So, Sherlock would not. At least, not yet.
Mycroft stands and turns towards John. "The invitation to spend Christmas with our family is genuine. If you accept, I'll send a car to pick you up tomorrow morning at nine."
