“Since when do you care if people get uptight? Challenging people’s expectations and sensitivities is your favorite hobby.”
“Hope so. We’re getting a little thin. Aside from you we haven’t had anyone new since last fall.”
“We’ve talked about it a little, before,” Dean answered. “When the land is corrupted, any magic around it feels twisted. Tangled. Corrupted animals become tied in to the magic grid like some sort of faux Familiar. I’m not so much tracking the bear as I’m tracking the tangled magic it’s leaving in its wake.”
“Gabriel left home when I was seventeen. I didn’t know how or why, just that one day he was there, and the next he wasn’t.”
“We first met about a year before coming to Willow River. Charlie introduced us, in Sainte Mareille. So that would make it a little over two years, in total, between the time we first met and the time she died.” The sorrow was tinged with regret, now. “She may have been better served had she never met me.”
“But you haven’t,” Dean completed the sentence. “Well. Maybe next time there’s a hoe-down at the saloon you can buy them a round between songs and find out.”
“Dean,” Charlie grabbed his attention. “Go back to the house. Cas is right. I’ll finish up here then join you at home.”
Instead of the stream, they ended up finding a river that the stream must have been feeding into. They made camp on a knoll overlooking the water, still not having made contact with the bear or any other corrupted creature. Barring the occasional bird, the trip had been ominously free of wildlife.
She yipped, her eyes shining in amusement and pleasure. She batted at him with a delicate paw, her full, luxurious tail flipping up to curl over his neck.
Dean wrinkled his nose.
Cas blinked, wondering what that was about.
Bobby’s mouth twitched in the hint of a smile, though his brows drew down as he fought it. “How far have you read? We don’t get everything out here timely. How many more are out there, back on the coast?” He had a wistful quality to his tone. Dean understood that.
“Yes. She did. And carrots, as well as trail bread. I can cast a preservation spell on whatever we don’t eat today. There appears to be quite enough meat for a few meals,” Cas volunteered.
have to,” Castiel pointed out.
“Your wards strong enough to rely on without anyone staying up to keep watch?” Dean asked, watching Gabe. He could feel a faint tingle of the other man’s magic at work. Nothing like what he felt when Cas worked magic, but he wasn’t attuned to Gabe the same way. Even after this short of a time, he knew when Cas was working magic. Even this preservation spell he could feel as a whisper against his skin, like a puff of breath at the sensitive spot right behind his ear.
“You don’t believe she was completely released?” Jody asked, focused as always on what this meant for the scouts and their patrols.
“For me, too,” Charlie agreed. She stumbled over to pour herself a cup of coffee as well. “The basket is a lot more comfortable than sitting in a saddle all day long.”
“Oh, yes. Of course.” Castiel could have talked mentally as well, but he had been taught that it was rude when he was near enough to use his voice. He didn’t entirely understand why. Perhaps it had something to do with others in the vicinity feeling excluded? But here it was just the two of them, no one else to feel excluded from the conversation.
“Mm,” Dean answered, not wanting to give her the satisfaction of anything more than that, but in the face of her relentless cheerfulness, he couldn’t help but smile and shrug one shoulder.
Clearly Dean was horrified, and with good reason.
“When the scouts find anything, they come back, tell us where it is, and we go deal with it,” Charlie said. “We go out too; we have different tools to locate the patches, but there are more of them than there are of us, so this is what’s worked to cover more territory.”
“Winnifred!” Bobby, too, leaned forward, unable to help himself. “What happened to Pearl?”
Just then Cas arrived, his hair wet, his shirt still unbuttoned. Dean’s gaze skittered for a moment at the sight of all that bare skin. He swallowed. “Heya, Cas.”
“What? No we’re not! We’ve got —”
As they worked he talked, sharing what he knew of the corruption and the frontier. Dean discovered that Bobby’s knowledge was varied and wide-ranging, encompassing folk tales from far-off lands as well as a treasure trove of dime novels.
-oOo-
Gabe arched a brow, clearly surprised by the depth of Dean’s knowledge, but he didn’t argue that point. “Old sigils don’t prove a thing about this Witch being the source of the corruption. It’s a theory only.”
Gabe nodded. “Oblivious.”
Garth sat the blanket down on the bed and smoothed away wrinkles. “Dean was getting twitchy what with no one making a move to go after what got Rufus and Bobby. He took off out the gates maybe half hour ago.”
“I have not dropped my objections,” Cas pointed out, leveling a glare at everyone in turn.
“What is it?” Dean asked, looking up as well.
“Not my name,” he said instead of directly responding. “Pink? This place looks like one of those peppermint sticks you can get at the general store.”
“Illusions,” Cas answered. “Gabriel is adept at illusions.” He focused his attention on his brother. “What about Roy?”
“I know. This one’s too far gone to heal. They all have been.” Cas didn’t like it either.
To partner in the Western Frontier
“Cas.” Dean turned towards his Witch, reaching to rest his hands over Cas’ wrists, holding his gaze. “If not me, she’ll eventually find another Familiar, one without a kick-ass Witch in his corner. We already know what she can do. Do we want to be responsible for her escaping and doing all of this again? Even with limited power she’s been Corrupting countless creatures and sending them after Willow River. We can’t go on like this. You’ve said as much yourself. Retreat might allow
Dean nodded. “Yes. My brother, Sam? He’s a scholar, with a particular interest in sigils. Every time he learned something new he’d tell me all about it, whether I wanted him to or not. The sigils had the dots and slashes that were common about three hundred years ago. In the centuries since people figured out that those elements didn’t really add anything to the sigils, so they were dropped in favor of paying more attention to the width and relative length of the lines.”
From time to time, Dean would tap Cas’ shoulder to correct his course, but otherwise was content to follow behind. The landscape did not stay flat for long. They were not winding their way through hills this time, but rather bare rock that looked as though sections of earth had been pushed up from below in random patterns. There were no soft curves, only hard edges barely eroded by time. If they weren't careful the rocks were sharp enough to slice through their trousers. Thankfully the soles of their boots were thick enough and sturdy enough to resist damage.
Now that they were getting closer, Dean could see the settlement better.  He stopped in his tracks, filled with dismay. Cas had warned him, yes, but that warning had somehow not been sufficient. The settlement was surrounded by a stockade of sharpened logs, with a trench dug out around the logs, water from the river filling the trench with murky brown water. The stockade itself looked uneven, the thickness of each log varying randomly. They were bound together with thick rope. A tower rose above the upper border, a small roughly constructed shack supported on a framework of more logs and lashed together with a combination of rope and supple saplings. That must be a watch tower, somewhere they could get up higher and see what was coming.
“Thanks, Charlie.” Dean gave Cas a moment to lean in and give a pleased greeting to Smokey, before he guided Cas out of the stables and back towards the Peppermint House. “You had your own bath yet? You going to come join me, scrub my back maybe?”
Dean shrugged one shoulder. “Not that long. Maybe five minutes. I could feel you tapping into my magic. Wondered what was going on.”
“How?”
Dean picked up the rifle Pamela had left resting against the railing and sighted through it. He didn’t have any intention of shooting, but he did want to be prepared.
“Yes. It’s expensive, but I consider it a necessity rather than a luxury. I bought some more while I was awaiting your arrival. Mine wasn’t the only order.” He smiled faintly. “It seems that many here are quite taken with it.” Cas took down a pair of mugs, poured some coffee into each of them. “Do you take cream or sugar with yours?”
“Yes, ma’am,” he sassed, scooting away fast enough to avoid the second swat with the towel.
“We could still put the bedroll out. It might be more comfortable even in your cat form.”
“I attacked a corrupted bear for you, Cas. Pretty sure that proves you’re important to me.”
“Didn’t expect anything else.” His nostrils flared as he caught the scent of meat roasting on a fire. Even in his human form, Dean’s senses were more acute than those of a pure human. He could see, smell, hear things that his companions couldn’t.
“What about the mule?”
-oOo-
Gabe continued into the open room, finding a seat near the front and sitting down. Charlie sat beside him, close enough that their legs touched.
“You’ll be able to conceal yourselves better if you head off on foot,” Gabe suggested. He brought his hand up to cup the back of Charlie’s neck, a gesture of support and comfort.
Dean shrugged. “Just… shit, man. What even is the point? There’s so much. So. Much. There’s no way we can heal all of that.”
“Are we keeping in the same general direction tomorrow?” Dean asked Cas softly as he settled down on his bedroll. If he continued to talk business, it meant his mind wouldn’t wander to less professional things. He had to be especially diligent as close as he was to the Witch right now.
“Hm. I wonder whose is whose.”
“What? I’m being efficient.”
Dean stayed behind at a table with Sam and Jess when everyone else headed out, nursing a whiskey. *
“Welcome back, Castiel,” a man greeted them as they entered. “And welcome to Willow River, friend.” He made a half-bow towards Dean. He was tall and burly, with dark skin and a friendly smile.
That was what made him the logical, perhaps the only, choice for this.
Nora hadn’t been particularly physically affectionate. He wondered where Dean fell in that spectrum.
She huffed a laugh. “No. By ‘healer’ he means for everything that doesn’t require magical Healing. For that, Cas is our best Healer. I take care of everything else. We try to do what we can without calling on the Witches. Their energy is best put to other uses when mundane works will do.”
“I said fun, Cas. Not studying or doing research.” He walked over and tapped the book. “I swear, you remind me more of Sammy every day. Except he’s got Jess, and she makes him have fun.”
“Oh. Yes. Of course.” With that prompt, Castiel mounted back up and continued along the trail. The horses were far more relaxed without Dean right nearby, which allowed Castiel to relax as well. In fact, he had to remind himself to remain vigilant. Just because Dean was out there scouting didn’t mean he could forego paying attention to the surroundings.
The glow surrounding Gabriel dimmed. He took a deep shuddering breath. “You found him, then? Brought him back?”
“This time it’s me voicing it. That makes it better automatically.”
“What are you waiting for?” Bobby made a shooing motion. “Git.”
“Don’t ‘Mom’ me. Just because you’re going to be out in the frontier doesn’t mean you can’t keep clean. And your cat tongue doesn’t get everything.”
“I’m grateful there is a floor at all,” Dean answered. Despite the invitation to drop the wood, he set it down carefully. “Did you plane all of these floorboards, too?”
“Then let’s go introduce me to the local libations. And those who so kindly provide.” He brushed his hands over his seat, and waited for Cas to lead them out.
“Me’n Cole were harvesting some trees a little ways upstream, and floated the logs down to here. Nice straight ones. They’ll work out good for building. Heard tell that we might be wanting another building or two soon.”
“This side of the river was much worse a hundred years ago,” Gabe said. “Or so I’ve been told. Since Cassie and I have been here, we’ve made a lot of progress. Not to be immodest, but the two of us, the
“Nah,” Bobby disagreed. “The worst is when the pulsing black vein things burst and spray crap all over.”
“Gabe!” It was Charlie that protested that one first. She skipped forward to burrow under Dean’s arm and hugged him tight. “Even if that was an actual solution, I would never let you.”
Cas believed in the inherent equality of the partnership between Witch and Familiar, considering it a true partnership. He waited while Dean grew accustomed to the foul taste of the corruption. It didn’t take long before the strand of magic settled, once more feeding a steady stream through to Cas.
He nodded. “Yes. The question is if she can control her desire for you.” His hand tightened around Dean’s.
Dean opened his eyes, blinked a couple times to focus them. He was human again, and Sam was sitting cross-legged at his side.
“Uh. Cas?” Dean asked. “That happen to be Charlie?”  They never did get around to talking about what form Charlie took, but Dean had the sudden suspicion that the answer was ‘fox’.”
She shrieked as the magic penetrated her, her limbs all glowing. Then she fell back, dropped to the ground, aging before his eyes. Centuries, he remembered. She became an old woman, then an ancient one, then beyond ancient, until she shriveled, dried up, and crumbled into dust that blew away on the wind.
“I don’t know your brother nor his wife. Why would I be imagining them together in a biblical sense?” Dean, however. Dean was not difficult to imagine at all. Especially in moments like these where the Familiar was alight with good humor.
Activity at the platform picked up as the other people noticed the train arriving, a little after heightened Familiar senses had. Jess stepped away from Sam to take her turn hugging Dean and kissing him on the cheek.
Charlie watched him for a while, then picked up her own pebble and tossed it. She didn’t say anything, just kept him company.
“I know, isn’t it great?”
“No,” Cas growled, “you are not.”
“Precisely. Given those rumors, it is in my best interests to absent myself from contention.” Despite what Grandfather Campbell might claim, an unwilling Familiar couldn’t be forced to honor even a contract, let alone a bonding. That didn’t mean that the pressure exerted would be easy to withstand, and Samuel Campbell was willing to deal with the less scrupulous Witches if the price was right.
“No. I said I wouldn’t.” He nodded thanks to Ellen as she gave him a mug of the mead as well.
As soon as they were out of the door, Gabe joined them, reaching up to squeeze Cas’ shoulder. He looked down at Dean. “He needs to sleep,” Gabe said. “He’s not going to want to, but he needs to. I’ll take care of… the rest of what needs taking care of.” His eyes glinted with a hardness Dean had never seen there before. It made him shiver. Suddenly he understood on a visceral level what Cas had always told him. Gabe was a force to be reckoned with underneath the joking exterior.
“Pleasure.”
They reached the high point of the elevation, Cas stepping up first, then giving Dean a hand up.
The quill skittered across the page, leaving an uneven line of ink. Sam would never find out why. “Cas. Are you inviting me to your bed?”
“Mom.” It was Sam’s turn to complain.
“Yeah. Thanks, Sammy.” Dean looked at his brother gratefully.
Cas snorted. “Well. That may be true for some, but you live here. There are no wards up here that would keep you out. Even the ones that Gabe set.”
Dean hadn’t realized he was watching Cas walk away so intently until after the man turned the corner and he turned to notice Gabe looked at him with a knowing smirk.
Cas took a breath and squared his shoulders. He’d never truly enjoyed being the center of attention, but there was no help for it tonight. He and Dean were the ones with the information, and Dean didn’t have a long enough history with the community to command the same authority that Cas and Gabe did. He’d quickly gained respect, but there was a difference.
Charlie scowled, but didn’t respond, too busy burying her nose in her mug.
Bobby was hardly in the clear, but he at least didn’t gurgle as he breathed. Cas set next to him with no hesitation.
Okay, maybe he deserved that.
Castiel began to understand why Dean would be more comfortable out in the open. Living in a city as populous and crowded as New Avalon must have been uncomfortable for him in such a large Familiar form. As he watched, Dean disappeared into the brush. He felt echoes of Dean’s joy through their link. It was that link alone which allowed him to know Dean was anywhere near at all, for he blended in incredibly well.
“No. We want to be found, keep attention on us and not the outpost. I’m making more sophisticated wards, ones that aren’t hiding us but are providing stronger than usual shielding. They’ll alert us when anything touches the perimeter. Hopefully fighting against the wards will weaken the attackers before we counter.”
“I may do that. Enjoy yourself, Dean.”
“Ain’t going to say no to that. We show up this time of day, though, Ellen is going to be putting us to work.” Bobby latched the tool box closed and stood up.
“You shouldn’t be,” Cas replied. “Balthazar would not keep something so important from you. He has integrity, though he does have a sense of humor which might sometimes challenge that.”
“Are you actually
Cas narrowed his eyes at him. “You needn’t sound so smug about it.”
-oOo-
Cas let go of Dean’s hand only long enough to wrap his arm around him and guide him back from the edge of the bluff. Dean allowed it, grateful this once for Cas to override his stubborn side.
“I’ll do it,” Dean volunteered. “I’m fastest.”
“Since it’s of no consequence, that is correct. It doesn’t hurt.” Cas had spent a lot of energy choosing not to notice just how attractive Dean Winchester was. The best approach was to focus on the other part of her question. “Yes, we’ve practiced. It only makes sense to do so. It feels like we’ve lost some ground against the corruption since we lost Nora. I didn’t want to delay. Besides, there’s little enough to do when traveling. It was a good opportunity to learn how to work together without the distractions of everyday life on the frontier.”
“Look at that, Cas. The sex was so fantastic we caused a thunderstorm.”
“You didn’t. I can tell the difference between when you’re working quieter healing magics and when you’re fixing something that’s desperately wrong, or defending us. This… this was peaceful, you know? Wanted to see what you were up to.” He quirked a grin. “Besides, we talked about this yesterday. Thought you were going to bring me along.”
“No, he wouldn’t be. He has Witch blood, but it did not manifest for him very powerfully. He chose to pursue a career in law instead. You are aware that the west was corrupted by a powerful arcane event, approximately three hundred years ago?”
“Pleased to meet you,” Dean said, shaking his hand. “I’m Dean Winchester.”
Cas struggled with the idea of continuing on or returning for Gabe and Charlie. They have made it this far, what would be the harm in scouting this area they hadn’t explored before? Now that he felt more awake and aware, his curiosity was engaged.
“Nah, I’ll shift again for night time. I’ll figure out more permanent options once we get where we’re going and I can see what the space is like.”
“He passed out afterwards,” Gabe volunteered. “Slept for a day and a night. Freaked Dad out, though Mom just shrugged and said he’d wake up when he was ready to.”
She laughed and hugged him, pressing a kiss against his cheek. “Happy for you,” she murmured. “So happy.”
Dean caught his lower lip between his teeth, nibbling at it as he considered whether to pursue this. Then... screw it. If Cas didn’t want to reply, he didn’t have to. “How long were the two of you together?”
“Awww, he’s a kitty? How sweet!”
“Dean, this is Ellen Harvelle,” Cas introduced her. “As you’ve no doubt surmised, she operates the saloon. She’s also our community healer.”
“Yes, that.”
-oOo-
“What do you need, Castiel?” she said, her tone steady and no-nonsense.
Dean took the cards from Bobby and started shuffling them. It felt good, listening to the sound of the cards weaving together, the snap of his thumb as the last one fell away, the way they fit. He hadn’t played poker in a long time, but he didn’t figure he’d forgotten. He’d earned a fair amount of spending money in the gaming halls of New Avalon, once upon a time. “Yeah? Expecting more arrivals?”
Now that he was more awake and aware, he could see the tangled threads of the magic that Dean was following. It was barely a hint of corruption, and easy enough to cleanse as they traveled along.
“Always have,” she replied, her voice breaking. “I hope the Witch waiting for you is a good man. If he isn’t, we’ll hunt him down.”
“Do we have any of the sandalwood? I’m not going out there smelling like a flower.”
A lean-to? “What do you mean by a lean-to?” Dean asked, alarmed. It sounded like that’s where they expected him to live. Sure, Willow River was a rough settlement, but there were still buildings. Plenty of buildings. All over.
“Never. Ellen’s scary.”
“Hm,” Mr. Angelus said, considering.
There were two gates, Water and Land. They approached from the Water gate, close enough for boats to unload with convenience but far enough back that occasional flooding would not threaten the construction. There were a small number of boats pulled up onto the shore, clearly well-maintained and frequently used.
“Light reading for amusement,” Gabe interjected.
The general consensus around Willow River was that Gabe was spontaneous and Castiel was the cautious one. He was quieter than his brother, less likely to jump into conversation. Less ostentatious by far. And yet, it had been Castiel’s decision to move out to the frontier. He was the one that waded straight into a fight if he felt the cause just. Reserve and caution were not synonymous.
“Cooking is different.” Gabe at least wasn’t shying away and hiding from the blood. No one could survive out here and be that squeamish. “I’ve learned a few things only to avoid eating only hardtack and jerky while out on patrol.”
“Is this about being happy to be alive?” Dean finally asked.
“You say that every time.”
Just as he stepped up onto the stoop, Cas sneezed as a pungent odor assailed his nostrils. Good thing Dean wasn’t with him. If it was strong enough to make
Dean didn’t say that he was worried Sam wouldn’t find anything that could help. He had to have faith. If anyone could, it would be Sam.
Gabe narrowed his gaze. Cas agreeing with him made it impossible to argue, which in turn frustrated him — but at the same time, made him calm down. Slowly, Cas had to admit, but it did work. Eventually.
In fairness, there were times that a Familiar could take advantage of an unsuspecting Witch as well. There were reasons that contracts were considered partnerships rather than servitude.
Dean made it to the top of the ridge, paused for a moment, tail flicking. In the distance the storm was building, green-black clouds with lightning dancing between them. He was certain it was her doing. Dramatic staging — but for all that, it still had the potential to wreak havoc. He suddenly wondered, incongruously, if he’d latched his window closed tightly enough before leaving.
“Yeah, no. I’m not talking to Gabe. It’s fine. I’ll just… it’s fine.” He turned abruptly away from the window to pour himself another glass of the whiskey, and another for Cas as well. “So. Drunk?”
“Right. Our job. Hey, you mind I take a nap?” Dean asked as they arrived back at their room.
Dean, too, shifted as early as possible. The horses were used to him by now, and didn’t do more than flick an ear as he loped past.
This had to work. It had to.
Cas hugged her back, a bit awkwardly. He enjoyed getting the hugs, he just wasn’t entirely sure what to do with his hands and arms in return. By the time he had an idea, it was usually over. He envied people like Donna and Charlie, and even Gabe, who were so easily tactile.
-oOo-
“We found a section of corruption that is much worse than we’ve seen before,” Cas continued. “The ground bleached white instead of stained black. If you were to see it, you would know what I mean.” He took a deep breath and then detailed the story of trailing the bear deeper and deeper, the sigils, the prison, the lady in black.
“Harvelle? Ellen?”
The door to the saloon opened and some of the scouts carried Rufus and Bobby in. Dean’s heart lodged in his throat. Shit. Shit, fuck, shit. This was bad.
“Not exactly. Listen, a lot happened out there, okay? That’s why Cas called the all-hands meeting.”
Dean snorted.
“You better,” Charlie told them. She punched Cas’ shoulder. “Who's going to make me breakfast, now?”
“The coach wasn’t as late as I thought it might be,” Cas said. “Gabriel, Charlie… this is Dean Winchester. Dean, my brother, Gabriel Angelus, and his Familiar, Charlie Bradbury.”
“You’re very confident.”
“No,” Cas answered with conviction. “Absolutely not.”
At the confirmation that he was indeed the man Winchester was to meet, the younger man relaxed, his mouth curving into a smile as bright as daybreak. “Pleasure to meet you, sir.” He rolled his shoulders after a brief yet firm handshake, tensed and released various muscle groups as inconspicuously as he could.
Soon the Familiar joined him at the fire, back to his human form. “That felt fantastic. I almost didn’t want to change back.” He rolled his shoulders and stretched his legs out towards the fire.
“Jody is one of our scouts,” Charlie said. “Senior scout, actually.”
“Charlie,” Cas warned. “Whatever physical attributes Dean might have are no consequence to his suitability as a Familiar.”
“Yes, I do. Though Dean’s shifter form is a cat, so I have little doubt he’d be well able to deal with any rodentia that might be foolish enough to try and nest in his bedding.” The cantrip was useful for more than just rodents, though. It also deterred various insects, such as fleas and even less pleasant bedfellows.
Cas made a small sound of understanding. There was a lot of history there. He wasn’t certain how much he was willing to share, quite yet.
Castiel could admit to himself that he was very curious as to what Dean’s other form was. He also knew that nudity was something that Familiars were far more comfortable with than others. Castiel, however, was accustomed to a female Familiar. Despite his curiosity, he turned his back away from Dean after the first flash of skin to give him what small bit of privacy he could. He could hear the rustle of clothing, imagined Dean removing the outer layers, stepping out of his trousers, revealing his muscular legs, his bare feet, his chest and arms. He closed his eyes, silently praying for strength as he felt a flush rise from his chest up over his face.
The soft, slow trickle of magic fed through the Familiar bond pushed exhaustion back to more tolerable levels. “This is a temporary fix at best. I’m going to need real recovery time sooner rather than later.”
He looked out into the distance. The terrain was rising here, gradually climbing up to what he knew from prior trips would end in a bluff dropping suddenly down to the wide river below.
“Should be sealed and painted to protect it,” Bobby gruffly informed him as he packed up his tools, wiping them down before setting them into the box. “But best to let it set for a week or two first, let the wood dry out more.”
The connection between himself and Dean right now was slender, nothing more than a tendril of awareness. That was part of the plan, but despite it being a deliberate choice, Cas hated it. It hadn’t been long, really, but already he was accustomed to the richness and depth of the full partnership bond between the two of them. He was accustomed to the constant presence of Dean in his mind, even if most of the time it was a dormant presence. There, but not obtrusive. He fancifully likened it in his mind to the cat form of his mate’s shift curled up on the hearth, asleep. There, definitely noticeable, but possible to disregard until he woke up and took up the whole of Cas’ attention.
Cas chose to ignore him, especially because he knew exactly what his brother was thinking. Back before he ever worked with a Familiar, when he had dreams of how it would go, he studied the Familiar lines and tried to imagine who he might end up with. “A fair amount. Campbells are the glowing standard, of course.”
The Witch was still unconscious and bled sluggishly. “Cas. Cas, come on, buddy. Stay with me.” He tore the remains of Cas’ shirt and used it as a makeshift bandage around his thigh, and then used his own shirt, already shredded from the hasty shift, to wrap up his ribs. He pulled on what was left of his trousers, and his boots, then picked Cas up. He winced as his strained muscles complained.
-oOo-
“Good morning, ma’am,” he said, removing his hat politely. He gave her his charming smile. She was probably close to his mother’s age, but that didn’t mean a bit of flirting would be amiss. “I’m here to inquire about the advertisement seeking a Familiar. It says to speak to Mr. Balthazar Angelus.”
-oOo-
“Right. See you and want you. A Familiar is the solution to all of her problems. Especially one as strong as you are. If she can get the magic to do what she wants it to do, she can get out of that prison easily.”
"Relax, Cassie,” Gabe replied. “We’re clearly us.”
Cas turned to look at whatever Dean was indicating.
“Dean. I…”
Ellen studied him for a moment, then nodded briskly. “We’ll be ready for you.”
That? That wasn’t acceptable. Whatever, whoever had done that?
Gabe whistled, reluctantly impressed. “You have a giant set of balls, don’t you.” His eyes swept along the entire length of Sam — a look Sam missed as he went back to paging through the volume in his hands. Gabe smirked and looked at Cas. “I told them to let you take a look at the household protections.”
He pushed into Cas’ hand and rumbled his own wordless apology.
He just didn’t trust that it would stop if she had him, no matter what she claimed.
Well. Somehow he’d never considered that his new Familiar would be astonishingly attractive. That could be a complication. Castiel swallowed as the man closed the distance between them and stopped an arm’s length away.
“I’ll keep that in mind next time I need to disappear,” Dean answered. “Not really sitting well with me to just let them do whatever, though.”
Cas nodded. He was reluctant, but agreed it was a good idea. He’d been noticing more and more of a tightness through their bond, and Dean’s temper seemed more strained. Sometimes he came back from a hunt more frustrated that he’d been before he left.
One more round of hugs, and Dean and Cas hopped up into the wagon. They’d said their good-byes to everyone else the night before, spent too long in the Saloon for their heads to thank them this morning. Jody and Donna were already in Rockville, and would be taking over the wagon to bring it, and Smoky, back with them to Willow River.
“We can’t lose communication entirely,” Dean protested. “I’ve written back home with information on what has been happening here, and what comes back might be useful.”
Cas looked up at his brother, flushed. “Yes. I… we’ll discuss that later. After we’re home again.”
“And there have been other rumors that my own cousins are seeking powerful Familiars to partner with themselves and their adherents as they jostle amongst themselves for position.”
Gabriel was clearly not amused. “You’re lucky you’re a strong Familiar, you realize this, right? You could have easily been killed, haring off after a corrupted
They drifted off to sleep watching the storm.
“Charlie.”
In the distance the clouds boiled up, stronger, darker, the lightning coming faster and more furiously. Winds kicked up even stronger.
“Would she have minded me using her tea cups, do you think?” It made him realize there wasn’t a lot of him in the house. Not yet. He had his belongings he’d brought along, but those were tucked away in his own little room.
“I’d already left the city when I met Gabe,” she offered, speaking softly. “It was east of here, and south. Down in Sainte Mareille, near the Gulf. I… got in a bit of trouble, stuck in a situation where Familiars were considered an abomination, Witches not much better. Gabriel got me out. I could tell that he was a powerful Witch, but he didn’t ask anything of me despite the fact it was obvious he had no Familiar. For me… I could tell, you know? Something about him resonated with me. He was just going to get me to safety and then leave me on my own, but I told him I wanted to stay with him. He wouldn’t take more than a working relationship at first, but I wore him down.” She chuckled. “And now, here we are. I’m not
Well. This was it. The whole plan hinged on her taking him. He had to appear at least willing, if reluctant. Truthfully, if this was the only way to stop what she’d been doing to Willow River, he actually would be willing.
“Thought you said you didn’t cook,” Dean called out.
Over the course of the evening, all of the residents of Willow River drifted into the saloon and introduced themselves to Dean. Compared to New Avalon there were hardly any people here. He counted thirty-two, thirty-three including himself. According to Charlie, most of them were scouts, going out in teams of two or three to hunt for pockets of corruption or animals that had been twisted by exposure. There were a few who tended to stay closer to the settlement, such as Garth’s wife Bess, and Ellen.
“Oh yeah, you did say something about that. How soon are we going to hit the road?”
her. In the biblical sense.”
Underneath it all, souring the view, was the same feel of rotting, stagnant swamp Dean had gotten from that first patch of corruption he had come across. Only this was magnified to a tremendous degree.
“Exhausted. Not quite as exhausted as you are, but still. Resting, but otherwise good. It was over fast. Not too much time for people to get hurt, honestly. Thankfully. You should sleep some more.”
Cas glared at him.
“Cas!”
“Right.”
Charlie’s tinkling laughter always brought a smile to Cas’ face, and was the reason he didn’t really mind sharing his embarrassment with her.
“We can leave some for scavengers, too, the parts that aren’t easily butchered.” Dean knew how to use most of an animal. He was taught that if you had to take a life, not to be wasteful. “Pelt is nice. Do you tan hides back at the settlement?”
“Yes, Dean.” Castiel rolled his eyes. “Your apparent priorities are in line with the other residents.”
“It’s possible she’s run out of creatures to corrupt, within her reach,” Dean mused. He shuffled until he was on his back, his head resting on Cas’ lap.
“Yes. Well. Perhaps I am.” For a moment, Cas avoided meeting his eyes, but then he turned his head and Dean was pinned in place by a steady blue gaze.
“No, you don’t have to,” Gabe assured her, giving her a hand up to sit in front of him atop his horse. He wrapped his arms around her and hugged.
Cas couldn’t quite stifle the satisfaction at knowing he had won. So easily, too. The ‘eyebrow thing’ definitely worked. Gabe called it his smug bastard face.
He wondered, too, about the people and how they related to each other. A year was a long time, and many of these people had been here longer. How many of them were here with partners? What were the rules about sex? If he found someone to indulge with, would Cas feel it through their bond? He stole a sidelong glance at Cas, feeling the back of his neck heat up.
The stockade was at enough of an angle that the roofline of a few buildings were visible over the top of them. None looked particularly large. Tendrils of smoke curled upwards. There were enough trees nearby that firewood would not be an issue. Most of the land they’d traveled through featured low scrub and grasses, with trees clustered by rivers and streams. Willow River was large enough to support old growth trees. There were stumps intermingled between the live trees. Dean surmised those trees had gone into the construction of the settlement’s stockade and the buildings inside.
“You, um. You recall that I have seen your room? Your bed is tiny, we would never fit.”
Cas suppressed a groan. By sitting right away, Gabe was clearly leaving the floor to Cas, and any hope he had that his brother would lead this discussion vanished.
Bobby snorted. “He might have, if he hadn’t started off something so ridiculous. Folks might go for a nice cheerful yellow, or a soft blue. Pink stripes is entirely Gabe. We don’t have a choice but to be a community, what with how much we rely on one another to survive.”
Dining with the townfolk was a revelation. Winchester had a real talent for sharing news without sprinkling personal details into his stories. He was charming, personable, and distant all at the same time. Oftentimes one could guess what a Familiar’s animal form was through personality traits and mannerisms. Dean Winchester, however, was baffling to Castiel. He was both frustrated and intrigued. Even more so after he had refused to tell him what his shift form was. Castiel did not contribute much to the conversation, content to listen and watch.
He’d suggested that someone else meet Mr. Winchester here, so that he could continue his work, but Gabe convinced him otherwise. His brother had made the point that while he could still work some magic without a Familiar, he was severely hampered having to work on his own, worn thin by relying mostly on his own energy throughout the winter. They’d be better served by Castiel meeting his new Familiar sooner rather than later, and using the travel time between Rockville and Willow River to get him up to speed both with the challenges they faced and to start the process of learning how to work together as a pair.
The travel was slow going. Dean lead the way along the little-used trail, using all the advantages of his shift form. When it got too thick and overgrown, Cas used his magic to coax the heavy growth away from the path.
Dean grinned, thinking he would have liked to have seen that.
Nora usually Shifted in her room, leaving her clothing there, and then flew out the window to join him. He kept a spare change of clothing for her in case she needed to shift back to human form while they were out, but that rarely happened. He had never been physically attracted to Nora anyhow. She was like a sister to him, or perhaps a close cousin. A very good friend, but not anyone he would ever consider a deep bond with, and he knew she felt the same. They worked well together, but that little extra that could take the relationship beyond the superficial level simply wasn’t there.
“Charlie is good at catching fish,” Cas agreed. “We all share when we can. You are more than welcome to hunt, Dean, and any extra would be highly appreciated were you to share. Do not let anyone make you feel guilty for not sharing more, however. It is not our responsibility to provide the majority of the food, as we are too often out cleansing the land.”
Despite his intentions to submit, he couldn’t stop himself from flinching when he felt the touch of her magic reaching into his and grabbing it. Rather than the gentle coaxing and invitation he’d grown accustomed to with Cas, she tore into his psyche with no regard for him, greedy and eager to taste the sheer power of a bond with a Familiar after… well. If Sam’s research was to be believed, after centuries of going without.
“Gabe and I just left, and we’ve been in view the entire time,” Charlie pointed out. “Relax.” She reached out and stroked his arm affectionately.
Dean came forward when Cas released the energy, butting his head against the Witch’s thigh. Cas dropped his hand atop Dean’s head. He allowed his fingers to rub lightly at the base of Dean’s ears. The physical contact was soothing. Even more soothing was the warmth that flowed through their bond.
Watching Dean move forward was one of the hardest things that Castiel had ever done, including leaving New Avalon in the first place, and even being unable to save Nora when she was attacked. Thinking of Nora right now was not a good choice. At the best of times his fond memories of her were underlaid with guilty feelings that there should have been something he could have done to prevent her death. At the worst times, his self-recriminations were nearly crippling.
-oOo-
“Outhouse out back, yeah.”
. Do you not remember what happened with the rabbit? How the fuck did you think you were going to be successful against a bear?”
Adjacent to The Saloon was a stable. A man and a woman came over. “Howdy,” the man said, extending his hand towards Dean. “I’m Garth, and I’m in charge of the stables here. This here is my wife, Bess. We run the place together, and she does a side business in tailoring, so if you need any repairs to your clothes, she’s your gal.”
Even though he had had the bigger portion of food, Dean still finished before Castiel did. He brought his dishes over to the stream to clean them off, and then took the time to wander around and look at all of the sigils Cas had set earlier.
Cas glanced down to assess the bed. “Yes, well. That is an excellent idea. I will go get ready for sleep while you finish your letter to your brother, shall I?”
“That unusual?” He dealt everyone in — Bobby, Rufus, Ellen, himself.
Roy and Walt exchanged glances, then headed off together at a distinctly faster pace than they’d arrived.
“I don’t mind either way,” Dean answered. “I thought Gabe here especially wouldn’t like it if there were chunks already missing. So stew?” he asks. “Ellen sent some potatoes with us too, right?”
Cas stumbled out from under Dean and banged against the wall as he ran downstairs. His head was pounding, but he couldn’t worry about that now. “Who? Charlie. Who?”
“Now Castiel,” Garth soothed. “Put away the lightning and eat a cookie. No one is going to give Dean to the bad lady.”
“No sir, can’t agree with that,” Dean replied. His eyes were bright with unshed tears, but he chose not to hide them. “Family comes first, always.” Cas gave him a slight nod of support.
“I’m not certain I would use the term ‘kitty’,” Cas said. “Though… perhaps.” He wondered how Dean would react to that. The man didn’t seem to take offense easily, and was generally good humored, but even so, some things might not set well with him. Cas didn’t know him well enough yet to predict what would feel like a challenge to his dignity.
Cas rolled his eyes, but then blinked as a lightning strike lit up the sky in an unusual pattern of blue-green.
”I’ve got an advantage there. Shit like that doesn’t usually stick when I shift from one form to the other.”
It seemed like hours but was probably only a handful of minutes before the lady returned. “Mr. Angelus will see you now. Please follow me.”
“Mead’s a house specialty. Good choice.” She poured golden amber liquid into the mug, then handed it to him. “Used to have more glassware. But it breaks easily, and not so easy to replace. The clay mugs are more practical.”
to shift, being constrained to one’s human form for lengthy time periods could be unpleasant, particularly if the environment was unsuited for the shift form. A Familiar with an aquatic form was never going to enjoy being in a desert, and a shifter with an avian form would never like being stuck indoors.
“You keep whiskey in your room?” Dean arched a brow. “Wow, Cas, didn’t know you had it in you. I’m impressed.” He grinned a lazy grin. “I’d be honored.”
Cas sighed. “My brother is a talented Witch, but his priorities are often skewed.”
Sam smiled, huffed an affectionate laugh. “Right there.” He gestured towards the other side of the — tent? They were in a tent. Light was filtered through the canvas of the ceiling, dappled from trees overhead. So they were still in some sort of a camp, rather than back in Willow River.
Dean’s heart stuttered when he heard Charlie say that. “Cas. Dump the buzz through the link,” he commanded. He had followed fairly close behind Cas down the stairs.
Dean’s legs shook when he took that final step, his gaze locked on Cas until he felt steady enough to look anywhere else.
Dean snorted at that one. “Figures. Hey, that’s slightly better than ‘Outpost Three,’ I will give you that. I would have gone with a portmanteau. Wiver, maybe. Rivows. Rivollow.”
to be safe, but what happens ten, twenty years from now? How far will her influence spread, now that it’s not checked so strongly? Rockville? Sainte Mareille? New Avalon?”
Dean found himself focusing on Donna’s voice as well. Her positivity wasn’t meant for him, but he held on to it anyhow. The steady rhythm of Donna’s speech anchored him as he let himself drift.
Cas fixed him with his most determined gaze. He would not, could not, risk Dean’s health, or Charlie’s. He’d already suffered the loss of one Familiar. Losing Nora had been difficult.
“Yes ma’am.” Dean slid his hands into his pockets. “You’re going to have to tell me what draff is, first.”
overwhelming. I can handle it, just, if I stay out of cat form. I have more motivation to now.” He pointed out in front of them. “I want to go look there. I can’t exactly track anything, it’s too much of a jumbled mess of wrong. There is something extra wrong over there, though.”
She reached over and dangled a fresh shirt over the stall door. “What happened to your clothes?”
“He does this every time.” Charlie pushed into Cas’ room carrying a plate piled high with chicken and a glass of water. “I’ve got him from here, Dean. Why don’t you go get some sleep yourself? Don’t try to pretend you aren’t just as tired. I left you a plate of food down in the kitchen.”
“How much did Cassie tell you on the trip?” Gabe asked as the group started on the way back towards the stockade.
“Gabe and I will take over the trips to Rockville,” Charlie offered. “We can protect ourselves. Cas and Dean are better staying here, continuing with their own patrols.”
,* he sent through their bond. *
“Gabe,” Cas said, his voice deep and firm. “Allow Dean the courtesy of bathing before this discussion. He is not a child to be chastised by you.”
She slowly turned her head until she was looking straight at him.
Dean hugged him back awkwardly, patting between his shoulders. “You guys, too, right?”
“Rise and shine, boys!” Gabe called out in a sing-song voice. “Breakfast’s on the table, get it while it’s hot!”
Cas grunted, then forced one eye open. “Hello, Dean,” he croaked. “You’re here.” He moved his hands, grasped Dean’s shirt tightly in his fingers.
“Got it all figured out, huh Cas?” Dean smirked. The other man startled and shot him a glance at the nickname. Dean briefly wondered if he’d taken too much of a liberty in using a nickname, but damned if he was going to apologize. Besides, he rather enjoyed poking at the Witch. “All right, let’s go swindle the local folk out of a meal.” Dean didn’t believe it would be that easy. He lived in a big city where neighbors weren’t precisely neighborly. At least, not so far as to easily invite each other into their homes.
He turned to look up at the roof of the saloon and held out his arm. Jessica launched herself into the air with a single powerful beat of her wings, then soared down to settle on Dean’s forearm, her talons carefully curved around his skin without piercing. “Hey, Jess,” he greeted her fondly, stroking the feathers up from her beak between her eyes to her head. “It’s so good to see you.”
“Breakfast, and then we’ll check out this tangle of yours.”
“I am taking that as a promise. Who knows, maybe I’ll come see you.”
Cas finally appeared at the doorway with Charlie and Gabe at his heels. “Need help, sweetheart?” Dean asked.
“As Gabriel has noted more than once, I was oblivious to the oddities. I barely knew the names of the Familiars I practiced with, and when it was time for the first short term contract, I was presented with Otto. He was substantially older than I. I thought he was in his sixties or seventies. I learned later that he was in his early forties.” Cas swallowed hard, his gaze turning haunted.
Charlie leaned against him. That was nice. Familiars tended to be more tactile than Witches, depending on their shift form. Cats were often loners, but Dean had grown up in a tight-knit family. He felt protective over Charlie, too, even this early in their friendship.
love with him, but I love him dearly. Rough edges and all. We make each other better, and not just with the magic.”
The End
not to go off half-cocked. Try telling me what you did wasn’t the same or worse than anything I’ve ever done. I dare you to try and justify yourself.”
Cas glanced over at Dean, quickly, with affection. The bond was new enough that even under these circumstances, he couldn’t help but react with pleasure when it was mentioned.
Fuck! He leapt off of the bear and sprang backwards, away from the cave, just as the rock crumbled and collapsed. The bear wasn't so fortunate. It roared in agony as it was crushed beneath the rocks, the sound echoing back and forth in the cave before it abruptly silenced. When the dust settled he could see that the cave was mostly blocked, now. He could still see the woman through gaps, her arm raised, fingers clenched in a fist that sparked.
There was a clatter of silverware. Dean looked up to see Charlie sheepishly picking her knife back up. She cleared her throat. “That’s big news, though. Huge. What was it?” she asked.
Cas’ hand dropped to rest on his head, lightly scratching at the base of his ears in the way he’d learned very early on Dean absolutely adored.
Cas nodded. “I believe so, yes. But hopefully we have a little time. Nothing cornered Dean and me while we were recovering from the encounter.”
“Mm,” Cas hummed in agreement. “Hides are useful for many things. We try not to be wasteful. Resources here are limited. Whatever we can make ourselves, we do. It’s that much less we have to travel to Rockville to obtain.”
“But what is it that we should be doing?” Cas countered. “We aren’t going to send any of the scouts there. It’s too risky. There aren’t so many of us that we can send anyone into a situation where they are unlikely to return, and I am not prepared for us to return there, either. Not without knowing more. You simply have to be patient, Dean. Sam will send us information.”
As did Castiel Angelus. Avoiding one Angelus by running to another was, on the surface, nonsensical. A good portion of his tension while riding in the stagecoach could be attributed to his questions about the Witch he had signed a contract to partner with. There had been too much time to second-guess his decision. What if he was wrong? What if this Angelus was just like the others, and the lawyer had lied? He had some defenses against a Witch before any contracts were signed. Hell, he had some afterwards, too; they were just dangerous to himself as well. There were things he knew that most Familiars were never taught. Mary Campbell Winchester didn’t believe in shielding her children from the seedier side of life. She knew better than most just what some Witches were capable of.
“Hey, boy,” Dean greeted Smoky. “You made it back after all. I’m happy to see you.” He grabbed a curry brush and stepped into the stall. The roan stomped his hoof in nerves, but settled down soon enough. He didn’t relax entirely, kept an ear rotated in Dean’s direction the entire time, but he stood still for Dean to brush him.
“The problem is that we don’t really know what the source of the corruption is. Without knowing the source, it is difficult to determine the cure.”
“You’re lucky I wasn’t in cat form,” Dean told him.
“Naturally, you want to charge right into the extra wrong,” Cas stared at Dean with raised eyebrows.
As he moved forward, he deliberately pulled away from the link between the two of them.
He plastered his brightest smile on, waved or nodded at everyone he saw.
Dean handed the saw over. “Charlie says you were one of the first people to settle here,” he commented. He figured that was a safe question to ask. It didn’t touch on why he was here. Just that he’d been here for a while. “Were you involved in building the stockade, then?”
“You know that I will. Take good care of yourself.”
After Gabe’s comment, Cas looked more carefully at the books spread across the table. Many had the Angelus seal on them. Some were thick, some thin, some newer, some worn with age and use. One in particular grabbed his attention — red, the corners bent and broken, binding badly cracked, the cover inscribed with gilding reading ‘Codex Angelorum’. His fingers twitched with the need to reach out and touch it. Memories of sitting curled up in one of the library chairs at home with that book on his lap assailed him. He’d spent so many hours studying it, learning how to read the convoluted language, memorizing sigils developed long ago by some of the most renowned Witches in Angelus history. He’d hated to have left it behind when he removed himself from New Avalon. He was thrilled to see it again, but at the same time worried what this meant for Sam that it was now here in front of him.
Cas and Gabe led them towards a building on the north side of the enclosure, a small two-story house with clapboard siding, the boards alternating pink and white. The door was a cheerful red, and the roof… the roof was purple. Dean’s eyes went wide. It was by far the most colorful building within the stockade.
Even so, he carefully made his way across the porch and pushed his head in through the front door. He sneezed a few times to clear the dust from his nose.
She laughed in triumph, reaching out with her mind to take.
Dean’s gaze shifted to Gabe. Then again, maybe not.
The next instant, Castiel found himself sitting on his ass in the dirt, blinking away the spots in his vision. Dean laughed in the background. That was more power than he expected.
Cas could feel the pleasant tingle of domestic magic as he reached inside the box.
“Yeah, I know, but I still had to. Cas is everything to you. I had to know for myself.”
Hair thing? “Thank you?” Cas poured himself another glass and downed it just as quickly. “You also have eyes. And freckles. And…” He waved his hand in Dean’s general direction.
Dean gave her a flat look, but didn’t say anything about it.
“You seriously don’t know how to dress game when you live on the frontier?” Dean asked. “Are you vegetarian or something?”
Perhaps also just a little overdramatic, the tiny corner of his mind that wasn’t well on its way to intoxication pointed out. He metaphorically turned his back on that corner and flounced away.
Amara might want Dean, but there were no guarantees she wouldn’t take Charlie or Jess before she could get to him.
“Damn straight it doesn’t matter. They’re trouble. Skirting the rules all the time. Not quite so bad that we can kick them out, and they’re unfortunately good at being scouts, but they aren’t pleasant to be around.”
“Make it work.”
. “Damn, it’s good to see you. But what the hell are you doing here?” He held him close, fisting his hand in the fabric of Sam’s dusty coat.
“Thank you, that sounds wonderful.” Donna was kind enough to indulge Cas’ fondness for honey. “These bags belong to Dean. If you would be so kind as to take this one?” He indicated one of the bags with a nod, even as he picked up the other. “The others can also come inside, aside from the items Garth has set aside. Those are the orders people sent with me and can be delivered directly to them. You have the list, Garth?”
“Thank you, but no.”
“You would have done the same for anyone else. That is part of who you are.” Cas arched an eyebrow, challenged Dean to do better.
Cas and Gabe had made camp by the time Dean returned. He dropped a Pronghorn at Gabe’s feet, then nibbled at his toes to clean them.
Dean wasn’t sure, but the touch felt like an apology.
“So making this place into a peaceful oasis is your way of apologizing?”
They made it back to Willow River more swiftly than they’d made it out. Dean had rarely been so happy to see a place as he was to see the jagged skyline of the stockade. “A nice big glass of whiskey sounds awesome about now,” he murmured to himself.
Dean stood, but hesitated in the doorway. “Did you and Gabe find anything?”
Taking a deep breath, he squared his shoulders and crossed the street, weaving his way between the buggies, wagons, and carriages conducting their business in the city. He didn’t often come to the center of the city like this. The crush of people and animals tended to make him feel confined, and the horses spooked easily around him if he wasn’t careful.
“Hey there Castiel, Charlie,” he said with a bright smile. “Lots of stuff here.”
“Not your decision to make,” Jody pointed out. “We’re all adults. I can’t order anyone to participate, not really. No one signed any contracts. Well, other than you, Dean.” She smiled humorlessly. “And that contract is more or less void anyhow, now that you’ve done the life bond with each other.”
“Look at me,” Cas repeated. “I am neither polished like Michael and Lucifer, nor outgoing like Gabriel. I prefer books and study to people. Generally speaking.” Dean could be an exception. “I am not fond of flaunting the Angelus wealth, either.”
“Thought you were smarter than that, boy,” Bobby said from his seat at the head of the table. “Chasing off after something dangerous like that? Pure stupidity.” The man was wan and hunched a bit as though sitting upright was too much a challenge. He was, however, gloriously alive.
“Keep in mind that the social structure at Willow River is… loose, at best,” Cas added. “Most are here because they want a new life, away from what they had before. Their reasons are their own.”
“We should do the binding. The light level, temporary one. For now. So we can still talk after I shift.” He tapped his forehead.
Eventually Dean got Sam in a headlock, holding it just long enough to confirm his victory before releasing him.
Smoky followed after Dean easily enough, once Cas loosened his hold on the reins. Not fifteen minutes later, he dismounted and hobbled the horse within easy distance of both fresh water and grass. Wordlessly, he pulled some clothes out of the saddlebags and set them down near the base of an aspen tree barely clinging to the banks of the stream. By the time he turned around again from unpacking whatever lunch Ellen had seen fit to make for them, Dean was shifted and dressed. He squatted down and rinsed his hands off in the water. These were not his city clothes, but rough spun and more suitable for the rigors of the frontier. Normally, the trousers hung a little loose around Dean’s frame. At the moment the fabric clung to his thighs and highlighted every shift in muscle as he effortlessly maintained his balance.
Cas’ eyes went wide. He wasn’t very sober, but he wasn’t so drunk that he didn’t realize that was a dangerous, dangerous path to go down.
“Surrender the Familiar!” An unnaturally loud and distinctly feminine voice boomed from the rider. “This is your one warning.”
“That’s why Castiel was the one helping, mostly. Gabe ain’t so bad, though. We wouldn’t be nearly as settled as we are without him. Don’t tell him I said that. Hand me that saw?”
“It’s a wonder animals get near enough to become corrupted in the first place.”
Every other piece of corruption he had come across up to this point was a mere drop in the water compared to how he felt now. He couldn’t see it, yet, but he could feel it. The closest comparison he could come to was being covered in biting ants.
The summer sun was relentless. Dean ripped another weed out of the cornfield then sat back on his heels and wiped his brow. He needed to be out of the house right now. Watching Gabe fuss over Cas, acting more like brothers than they had since he’s been here, it made the homesickness hit particularly hard.
“I agree about flying Familiars having certain advantages. My sister-in-law has a red-tailed hawk Shift form. When we went out to the northern wilds on a hunt, there were things she was very good at that I can’t do at all.”
He glanced over his shoulder at Cas as he ladled fresh water from the small barrel. “I’ve been let in on a few of the secrets of both carpentry and whiskey making. Yourself?”
“If you think about it, this could be a good thing,” Dean started.
“Free me!”
As soon as they crossed the threshold into the Peppermint House, Dean shifted forms and wrapped his arms around Cas. “I’ve got him from here, Donna. Thank you. For everything. You helped me just as much as you helped Bobby and Cas.”
The lawyer sat down and gestured to the horsehair-upholstered chair opposite his desk. Dean sat as well, keeping his posture upright, toying with his hat.
Dean nudged him, helping Donna to steer him out of the infirmary.
None of the windows were boarded up, all of the furniture looked to still be in place. Worse for wear, but still there. The roof was mostly intact. There had to be some leaks, judging by the water damage here and there, but it would do for temporary shelter.
Dean nodded thoughtfully. Made sense. Fresh blood. New stories, and in his case, someone who’d be living there for at least a year. Anyone would be curious.
The strategy session at the Saloon was loud and long, with high tensions and short tempers. Gabe had to pull everyone to order more than once with the crackle of energy. In the end, though, they emerged with a plan everyone more or less agreed to.
“What sorts of sigils?”
He truly was magnificent.
“Hey.” Dean glared at her, even if he didn’t really mean it. “What about me?”
Cas chuckled. “Yes, more or less.”
“Perhaps we should reconvene in the Saloon,” Ellen suggested. “And get the word out to the rest of the community. If everyone’s to be involved, everyone should know what’s going on. We’ve all lost people.”
“Yeah. You will be.” Sam clasped him on the shoulder, then quietly exited the tent, closing and fastening the tent flap behind himself.
Losing Dean would utterly destroy him.
Charlie walked into Dean’s arms and gave him a big hug. He pulled her in and kissed the top of her head.
“That’s for d--danged sure.” Winchester turned towards the growing pile of luggage the stagecoach driver was removing from the roof of the stage. “These two are mine,” he said, indicating two healthy sized trunks. “I know it might be too much to transport the rest of the way, but I reckoned whatever we couldn’t take I could sell for extra coin.”
He’d looked as well. There was no denying that Dean was a pleasure to look at in both his forms. Cas allowed himself to get lost in daydreams of what might be, someday, as he circled around the inner perimeter of the stockade to the Memorial Garden. He’d promised to show it to Dean, and he would, but later. He didn’t want to wake him, not when he was sleeping so peacefully.
They pulled up roughly two miles from the cave. Everything was eerily quiet. There were no distant sounds of birds or other wildlife, not even with Dean’s enhanced hearing. He looked towards Jessica, who shook her head. As a hawk she was a sight hunter, and she was far more limited on the ground, but none of them were going to risk shifting until they had to.
“We should reach the Great River before noon,” Cas said when Dean and Charlie made their way back to the campfire. “You’ll want to shift back to human form before we get there, or it may hit you harder than you expect, especially with your first encounter. I am, of course, assuming that you are planning to travel in shift form, as you usually do.” The Angelus brothers were both up, most everything packed and ready to go.
“And devoted the next twenty years of your life studying arcana?” Dean said, a faint smile on his lips. "Nose buried in dusty old books written in dead languages and fading ink?"
“Of course it is,” Cas agreed. “It’s the best theory we’ve yet been able to develop, however.” He looked towards the window, judging the time by the angle of the light. “Shall we adjourn to the Saloon? Everyone should be gathering there by now.”
And then it was Sam. He didn’t say anything, just hauled Dean into his arms, resting his head on his shoulder. It never failed to amaze Dean how his baby brother had ended up taller than him, and bigger. Damned gangly moose. Neither one of them really had to say anything. They’d already said everything there was to say, and the things unspoken were still understood. Sam’s fingers clutched at the fabric of Dean’s coat, unwilling to release him, until finally the train squealed to a stop. The porters started loading luggage, and the conductors called for passengers to board.
“We can fix that,” Gabe said brightly, raising his hands and wiggling his fingers. Charlie reached up and pushed them down again, ignoring Gabe’s pout.
Despite all of the training exercises, Dean made sure to pay attention to his surroundings. The landscape here was vastly different from the east coast—wild and untamed. The animals were leaner, stronger, and more suspicious. He never saw another person, or even much evidence of other people. The trail Cas rode was clearly originally a game trail, though here and there Dean could see evidence of wagon wheels marring the earth. It was strangely exhilarating, being here.
Charlie got up, stretched, and licked Gabe’s hand briefly before finding her own pouch and disappearing briefly. When she returned she sat down cross-legged near the fire. “Thank you for providing,” she told Dean. “Antelope is good. I saw you take it down. Very efficient.”
“Sure thing, Cas.” Dean grinned at him again, laughter in his eyes.
Rufus showed up as they were settling down with their drinks. “Whew. What a day.” He snapped his suspenders before settling down at the table. “Haven’t started yet?”
.” He scrubbed at his eyes.
Dean stood taller. Anything to get the stink out.
He could help Cas better when he wasn’t plastered.
Dean lifted his canteen to his lips and took a long swallow of water. His every instinct bade him to get up in their faces and challenge them, but… but they were part of this community, and letting them pick a fight with him wasn’t going to do him any favors. “You implying that I don’t know how to do my work as a Familiar?”
Most of the other people at the station left them a bubble of space, unconsciously responding to the aura of power surrounding two Witches and three Familiars--particularly with two sets of mated, bonded pairs. A pair bond wasn’t that unusual between Witches and Familiars, but combined with a mating? That was rare indeed.
“You more than anyone should know that there are Witches capable of illusions.”
“I don’t want to rest anymore,” Cas told him, voice low and husky with want. It was easy to be confident when he could feel Dean’s answering desire just under a thin veneer of uncertainty.
“What time does the tap room downstairs open?” Dean asked, as he looked around the small room. His stomach grumbled a complaint. Food wasn’t exactly plentiful on the long coach ride, and he was always hungry. Traveling with others didn’t facilitate shifting and doing any hunting on his own.
“Mm, yeah, with the hard stuff. Bobby invited me for poker at the Saloon. I’m just gonna clean up a bit, then head on over. Wanna come?” Bobby said he never did, but it didn’t hurt to ask.
,” the Witch breathed.
Dean couldn’t speak past the huge lump in his throat, so he settled for a brisk nod, drinking in the last sight of the people most dear to him in all the world, then he waved and stepped onto the train and into his new life.
“If we were to clear a patch, it would be swallowed up nearly immediately by corruption again, wouldn’t it.”
“Definitely not impossible. We encountered a pocket of corruption along the way, just past Honor Creek.”
“Well that doesn’t fit the pattern. Where did that come from?”
“I wish we could be sure if she was still contained,” Sam murmured as an aside to Dean.
“It is time to find a new approach,” Cas suggested. “Not surrendering Dean,” he shot a glare at Gabe, “but head out for a little while to see if we might draw some of the attacks away from Willow River. Amara wants Dean — and she has to be locking in on him when she sends the creatures she’s corrupted after him. If he’s not here, the attacks should stop.”
As soon as Dean was close enough to reach out and touch Cas, to feel the warmth of his skin under his fingers, something settled. Cas stirred slightly, shifted towards Dean.
“No, that is entirely unlikely. I needed the practice, we both did. Do you feel drained at all?”
Dean grinned. “Cat. Cougar, mountain lion. Whichever name you prefer.”
Dean screamed in rage as Cas fell to the claws of the bear, crimson blood blossoming where those sharp claws sliced into his WItch's skin. He Shifted and sank his own claws into the hide of the creature without a single thought beyond protecting Cas. These past weeks on the frontier honed Dean’s instincts. He kept above and behind the bear, away from its claws and teeth. He sank his own claws into the flesh beneath him, giving him purchase as the bear raged and made swipes at him. He clamped his jaw just below the base of the bear’s skull. There was too much muscle there to get a good angle on the spine, though Dean tried.
“We’ll get these three settled, and bring your bags over to your place right pronto,” Garth said with a smile.
Cas cleared his throat. “I’m glad you approve. Breakfast will be ready shortly, if you’d like to take time to freshen up. Gabe showed you where everything was last night, didn’t he?”
“The source of the corruption itself is not visible with human sight, but we -- Witches or Familiars -- are able to See it as a … it is difficult to describe precisely, but I would compare it to a spring rising from a bed of rocks, but instead of providing fresh clear water, it is spewing forth foul corruption. Complicating the matter is that plants and animals -- and people -- are still capable of being corrupted, so we must also either cure or destroy those who have been contaminated.”
Cas nodded and reined in, silently signaling Gabe to do likewise. Charlie also jumped down out of her basket, whining unhappily.
Cas made a heart-rending sound of protest, but didn’t fight Dean. He was totally drained, absolutely wrecked. Dean pushed open the bee door and guided Cas onto the bed, pushing him down, reaching down to pull off his filthy socks. He realized with a start that Cas had never pulled his boots back on, when Charlie had first summoned them.
Most creatures would turn away when they encountered wards, but corrupted creatures were different. They would obey the compulsion set on them until they were physically unable to. Cas had seen more than one mortally wounded creature continue the attack, ignoring injuries and missing limbs.
Cas scowled, though he was, perhaps, amused. Perhaps. Very slightly. He brushed some detritus from his thigh.
“Fat lot of good that’d do you out here, anyhow. Not like there’s anything to buy. And even if you head out to Rockville, you still need to carry it back. And please. You’re... you’ve got that
Dean did seem to know what he was doing, which indicated he had indeed spent some time working as part of a pair, but there were many different ways that magical abilities could be used.
The first passengers handed down off of the coach Castiel dismissed. His Sight showed them to be neither Witch nor Familiar. He began to be concerned Mr. Winchester was not on this coach after all when the final passenger disembarked.
something that smells that noxious?” Cas stepped inside, giving his eyes a moment to adjust to the darker interior. Gabe had the curtains drawn. The fire in the hearth was banked down to embers. The cauldron hanging from the tripod was the source of the haze. Cas coughted.
Dean shifted right there to prove his point. He caught Cas’ eye and smirked before he bent down to open his satchel and pulled his clothes out.
Dean chuckled. “Well, I think I’m good, anyhow. My charm was prepared by my family back home.”
“Hey, as long as it holds the drink it does the job.” Dean accepted the mug and raised it towards her. “Cheers.” He took a sip, letting the liquid swirl around his mouth before raising a brow. “This is really good,” he said, more surprised than he expected. The flavor was slightly sweet, slightly nutty, and stronger than he’d thought it would be. There was the slightest hint of apple, too, he thought when he inhaled, cheating and bringing his cat senses into focus.
It was interesting to watch the two of them together. Charlie and Gabe didn’t seem like they should work, but they did.
Then again, that wasn’t a surprise. Dean hadn’t known Cas that long, but he was always curious about everything. Even if he didn’t ask, it was obvious in the way he tipped his head to the side, his brows squinching together as he contemplated whatever he saw or heard.
“You said your brother is a Witch? Isn’t that unusual?”
Charlie jumped out of Cas’s arms, straight at Gabe to grab the satchel slung over his shoulders, then dragged it to the back side of the horses where she changed back to her human form and pulled on the clothes. When she appeared again, it was as a redheaded woman wearing worn dark trousers and a loose work shirt that had once been green.
“Okay. Let me buy you a drink at the saloon?”
“But still not to your liking, I am sure, if you were unable to find opportunity to shift.” Castiel had known Familiars all his life, some better than others. He knew that while a Familiar did not biologically
Cas grunted, but subsided.
“You got to stay with me, okay? Come on, Cas.” This wasn’t going to be pleasant, but he wasn’t about to leave his Witch out here, not when this was his fault. He kept to a steady pace, retracing their path in.
Dean smiled at that. “Thanks, Cas.” He reached behind his neck and rubbed. “It wouldn’t even necessarily be them, you know? Samuel would just take the highest bidder, and that’s not the way it’s supposed to be. A Witch/Familiar partnership is supposed to be a
“People will come whether or not anyone formally allows it,” Cas spoke, his words weary. “There are always those who need a new start, those who hunger for opportunity, those who look westward with stars in their eyes and dreams of self-made wealth. Those who must escape an untenable situation.”
Dean shook his head. “No. The one sigil was weakened when I broke it, but not completely erased and there were many others. They still hold power. She’s still tethered to the site, at least for now. I don’t know if they’ll continue to hold her, or if they’ll weaken and free her.”
“It’s simplistic,” Cas continued, taking the pebble back from Dean and dropping them back into the pouch. “But it does work regardless of the distance between the paired stones. It also works both ways, so I could trigger them for Gabe to know if something befalls us.”
Dean staggered out from behind the new burlap curtain as Cas was putting the cast iron skillet over the fire. He looked the worse for wear, his hair sticking up in random directions, his cheeks flushed, his sleep shirt bunched up over his shoulder and rucked up to reveal a sliver of his stomach.
Dean straightened. “When I scuffed that sigil, it broke enough for her to see me.”
Gabe waved, and the two of them veered off towards the saloon.
“The goal has shifted from ‘a big glass of whiskey’ to getting drunk?” Cas asked in an attempt to deflect from his own thoughts. Dean had already mentioned the contract being a temporary one. It wouldn’t be smart to start allowing himself to hope for something more solid and permanent. Even if Dean was the most breathtaking Familiar he had ever come across. No, more than that. The most breathtaking man, be he Familiar or no.
“Smoky?” Cas asked as he started to peel the makeshift bandage away from his ribs.
“I wouldn’t go so far as to say ‘important’,” Dean said. “I could handle apple pie instead.”
That was when Gabe had suggested writing to Balthazar to place the ad for a new Familiar. “Not to replace Nora,” he’d said. “She can never be replaced. She can, however, be succeeded. You need a Familiar, not just for your magic but for
Cas nodded. “Yes. Gabriel gets angry when he is worried, but now that he knows the two of us are both hale and healthy, he will gradually relax. Our news will give him a new focus, as well.”
Turned out that Castiel was right. They barely made it half a block before being invited in to share lunch with news-starved townsfolk. Castiel had apparently spoken with these folk before, as he’d been in Rockville for some days before the stagecoach arrived.
The Winchester town home sat on a quiet street outside the central ring of high society yet still a comfortable distance from the busy docks of New Avalon. Dean had been known to spend a lot of time in the dockside taverns amongst less genteel company. These last few days, though, found him more often in the small back garden.
"You realize you're not fooling me." Dean tapped his temple.
He took a deep breath and murmured a centering incantation, taking the stream of magical energy from Dean and drawing it into himself before reaching out again and touching the corruption.
“Yes, all right,” Castiel agreed. “That is a good idea. And a good practice at working together.” He handed the skillet over to Dean and stood up. Temporary wards were something he could do with his own power; they were simple enough, the power coming mostly from the sigils themselves, but even so. That would not help with learning to work with Dean. So for the first sigil, he prepared exactly the same way he would were he still working with Nora, opening the link to its fullest and drawing power towards himself.
“Do you want to explain what the hell is going on?” Jody asked, before the four of them had a chance to sit down.
, and desperately injured
“Cas.” He clenched his jaw. “We found the bear that got Rufus and Bobby. Well, the bear found us more like. It took a swipe or two at Cas.”
Jessica made an indelicate snorting sound from her seat perched atop one of the trunks. Sam shot her a quick look before returning his attention to Dean and the Witches.
