'I just got a message that Ronan will be at the club Friday next week,' Bucky said. 'That's it, that's when we'll catch him. Let's prepare everything.'
‘I tried to steal your stuff,’ Steve clarified, because it seemed like Tony had forgotten about the breaking in.
‘I’m Steve, nice to meet you,’ Steve answered. ‘If I’m your date, you should tell me a thing or two about yourself. Why are you at the opening of this exposition?’
Steve turned around to see if he could help any of the others when he noticed his friend. Bucky was strolling through the gallery, looking at the paintings, probably searching for Steve. He was wearing his old coat, his favorite baseball  cap, and a pair of hundred year old jeans, as always. But he would dress up for the opening tonight. Steve approached him and wrapped his arms around his shoulders.
‘And very true,’ Thor added. ‘We will avenge those who have been wronged!’
‘Why do you need me?’ the man asked, still not letting go. Tony stopped struggling.
‘Can I at least wear my leather jacket, or isn’t that good enough either?’ Steve asked with a sigh as he buttoned up the dark blue shirt. He knew this combination looked great, but this wasn’t his date he was going on, it was Bucky’s date.
For a moment James stood still to look at him, but then he nodded. ‘Yeah, sorry, I guess that text was a bit unclear, I just didn’t know how to tell you. I still don’t know how to tell you.’
They talked about kids, families and other happy things for hours, until Steve reminded Tony that he had to get up early the next morning. They said their goodbyes and walked to the car.
Steve sat down on the bed again and pressed a kiss on Tony's lips.
‘Yeah, I did,’ Tony confessed. ‘Your idea was really cool and I couldn’t help myself. I don’t know what kind of cool tricks you wanted to give him, but I remembered something about flying and jet boots, so yeah, he can fly.’
Steve frowned as he looked at his clothes. He didn't see anything wrong with it. 'It's my uniform. I thought, since you guys are wearing yours I should wear mine. Is it not good?'
'Nice,' Tony grinned. 'Well, let me know if you win this show or not. I gotta keep up with my donut diet and I only want the best! You deserve to win. Good luck Steve! If you don't have a boyfriend, or girlfriend, when this is over I'll date you!'
'I'm not going anywhere,' Steve said. 'Just go and hurry, alright? I'll be waiting right here.'
Tony handed Steve the cup and the blond couldn't stop a laugh. 'How thoughtful, thank you! I'll let Sam know you returned it. He is running late at the supermarket.'
‘It’s that obvious?’ Steve asked, knowing very well that the alcohol had given him his accent back.
Tony was a bit stunned, but then he got up and congratulated the happy couple as well.
For a moment he was tempted to order a drink to calm himself down a little, but he never drank much alcohol and he wasn’t sure how well he would handle it with an empty stomach. He didn’t want to end up embarrassing himself, and Bucky as well in the process. Why did he agree to do this? Steve almost convinced himself that he should just go home and tell Bucky his date didn’t show up, when a very handsome man walked in with a white flower in his jacket.
“Don’t call me Anthony.”  He warned.
When she did, he saw her moistened snatch, drying cum pooled under her.  Tears poured from her as her heart thudded strongly.
James laughed and thanked him, but there was another little blush on his cheeks, Tony couldn’t help but feel a little proud of that.
‘What if he’s going to take a look on Facebook?’ Rhodey asked. ‘Or LinkedIn?’
Steve took Tony’s card out of his wallet and looked at the private number that was scribbled on it. He would send Tony a message as soon as he was back. The moment the plane arrived at the gate Steve pulled his phone from his pocket and turned it on.
'I know mister Stark is different from a lot of other guys, so I made something different. This I pumpkin bread with ginger and cinnamon,' the girl said proudly.
'Guess this is goodbye then,' Steve said, sadness in his voice, but a smile on his face.
Unfortunately the night ended with four drunk teenagers that crashed against a parked car. Only one of them made it to the hospital alive, and Tony hadn’t been able to safe him. Merry fucking Christmas to their parents. At least the police would be the ones talking to the parents, so Tony could get changed and go home. Delivering bad news on days like this was even harder than it was on regular days.
‘How do I look?’ Bucky asked as he walked into Steve’s bedroom. He turned to show off his outfit. His long hair was neatly tugged into a bun and his clothes were casual, but stylish. It was weird to see him so dressed up, normally he just wore simple t-shirts or hoodies.
'Yes, there is an agent outside who will show you your room, Fury said. 'We'll talk tomorrow about how we can get you back in the field. You too Barton, I want to talk about a contract tomorrow.'
Steve chuckled. 'He is a very charming man, but that won't happen. He was my first customer after the unhappy one. He noticed I wasn't sure about the things I was doing. I even had trouble with a blowjob, while that's my special skill. He was really kind, made me confess everything, and praised my lack of gag reflex. He gave me confidence again. Julia and Cassandra wanted to teach me some things and Tony was prepared to help. He didn't mind paying for a threesome.'
He had a month to think about it. They both had a month to think about it. But Steve knew for sure that he was going to call Tony again, as soon as he got back home. This month was going to be so long! Or that’s what he thought the moment he left the airport. His mind was filled with thoughts of Tony and the first few days after he left were pretty lonely. But New Zealand was beautiful and distracting and climbing Mount Taranaki was not something Steve could have done with Tony. The tour to the top and back was eight hours and you had to be in really good shape to make it. Steve enjoyed it immensely.
‘Good!’ Tony said. ‘A little is good enough! You look like a smart cookie, you will get better, J.A.R.V.I.S. can help. This could totally work out!’
‘Don’t worry, I’ve been here for about six months,’ Steve answered. ‘I volunteered for tonight’s shift.’
'Can I borrow your eyeliner? I've been practicing at home and I think I forgot to bring it,' Steve lied.
Steve wasn't just good looking, he was also the best graphic designer ever. Probably the reason why Pepper hired him, she could look through good looks. But not only was Steve ahead with his work, he also understood Stark Industries and this project. All the color schemes he had sent were perfect! Tony had a hard time deciding which was the best. Eventually he picked the red and gold pattern. It was fun and bold and suitable for kids. The moment Steve knew what colors he would be working, he came up with logos, patterns, and flyers. Tony couldn't help but compliment him. Via email, he didn't want to slap his ass again. Slapping Rhodey's butt was not convincing enough yet, he needed more victims.
Tony had so much to say about these cakes. They looked like super simple cakes, the ones a kid would bake, but not round, more like an hourglass shape. On top of that the body of a woman was sculpted, wearing a tiny bikini.
‘Yeah, I might have kind of stole that from you,’ Tony answered, his grin only growing bigger. ‘Not really my style, but I couldn’t have the press find out that I was waiting for some hot guy at the airport. We’d be in every newspaper tomorrow.’
Steve boiled some more water to make them both another cup. Tony tried his best to finish one sandwich. They were good, they were great, but he wasn't good with breakfast, normally he only drank coffee. It didn't matter, because Steve easily finished the other four sandwiches. The blond washed the dishes before he joined Tony to fix the car.
‘How would he find out?’ Tony asked. ‘I haven’t made a single mistake yet.’
Steve chuckled. 'Sex in here is not really an option, the whole campsite would hear it.'
‘Did Redwing cause any trouble?’ Sam asked as he petted the budgie on top of Steve’s head.
Steve blinked once, twice, before he started laughing. He couldn't stop laughing. All her nervous feelings were gone. This was the biggest coincidence ever. When he calmed down a little, Steve took his badge from his bra and showed Tony he was a cop too. Then it was Tony's turn to laugh.
Steve walked through the gallery. Several other grad students were still hanging their work on the walls, but Steve was already done. Every year the best graduating art students could each pick three pieces to create an exposition in a gallery close to their college. Steve was absolutely honored that he was chosen, but it also made him nervous. Now the entire city could see his work. He took another look at the wall where his paintings were and couldn't help but smile. He shouldn’t worry, they were good.
‘Then you could have texted this guy and cancel it,’ Steve said.
‘Fucking hell,’ Tony cursed. ‘Was there another car?’
Steve looked surprised from one to the other and smiled. 'I guess it's good that I'm not completely forgotten. But I'm not very good with planes. I prefer cars or motor bikes.'
'Just don't give her mouth to mouth.'
Steve smiled. He had missed the rambling.
The two of them went outside and looked around. There wasn’t much nature in their street, so they checked the one tree and the few bushes that were around, but Redwing wasn’t there. They checked the buildings, but the parakeet wasn’t sitting on any of the balcony’s or roofs. They checked all his favourite spots, it wasn’t the first time he escaped, but they couldn’t find him anywhere.
Tony shook his head in disbelief, but he took the food anyway. Clint and Natasha got a plate as well. They had a nice dinner. Steve seemed to be as happy as he had been this morning. The run had done him well. When he was done eating he went to feed the dogs, like he still had a lot of energy left and didn’t know what to do with it. Until he came back.
'I'm not. I wasn't,' Steve said as he sat down next to Tony. 'I'm a police officer, I was under cover, to see how we could catch Ronan without getting you guys in trouble. I might have lied about being a prostitute, but other than that, I was myself. I didn't plan on it, but most of you became my friends. You've been through so much, I wanted to help you to get a better life. You guys deserve it.'
Natasha wasn't an option either. She was nice to people, but strict. Nobody touched her without her permission. If Tony tried to slap her butt she might find a way to kill him with her stapler. Why else would she keep a stapler in a paperless office?
'Yes,' Steve grinned. 'Sorry you had to do without for a few weeks.'
‘You know what,’ Clint said as he grabbed his bow from his back. ‘If this is the dragon, I’ll deal with her. You go find that soldier.’
‘Not really,’ Steve said. ‘Only our six month anniversary.’
Steve laughed. 'There aren't many big cities in New Zealand. And more importantly, you miss out on a lot of fun things if you drive past all the villages. If I had a car I would go to all those little places that other tourists miss out on!'
“Damn…”  Tony lamented, “I haven’t fucked anyone since Pepper.”
Thank you for the feedback! I love the suggestions too! Please feel free to give me more! :-)
He grabbed Steve’s hand.  He looked at his friend and for selfish reasons…he was happy he was here with him.  He cared so deeply for Steve.  That was why the last two years were so difficult.  It was hard to hate someone you wanted to love so much.
The next morning, Heimdall summoned them to the Bifrost.  They left Stevie restrained to the bed.  She was sleeping after they spent the whole evening and night reacquainting themselves with her holes.  They had a glorious time and were absolutely spent by morning.
Tony’s smiled sadly as he shook his head.  “I’m sorry too, Steve.”  They embraced for some time.
“Now, Anthony, I would think that returning to a younger age would make you grateful.  You should be thankful for my generosity.”
“Truth hurts, Stark.  I see the way you eye fuck Steve when he walks through in his tight ass workout clothes.”  He chuckled when Tony turned red faced trying to deny it.  “And even more now…”   He paused.  “I see all of you.  Your interest is not subtle.”
“We recently acquired a Minotaur from the Grandmaster in exchange for five well trained slaves.  I have used the beast on some of the slaves.  It has been an effective tool.”
“Yes, Sir.”
PLEASE READ THE TAGS. This may not be a fic for everyone.
'Stark, we got new info!' Bucky said as he threw a file on Tony's desk. 'Stefanie talked to Julia and convinced him to talk to you. You gotta go out in the field again.'
‘That was Tony Stark,’ Steve answered. ‘And his right hand man, apparently.’
‘No,’ Steve said with a grin on his face. ‘I knew from the beginning. The first time you did that to me I asked Natasha about it and she told me you never did that to anyone before. She asked Clint and I asked Sam, but it didn’t happen to them either. I guess Nat talked to Pepper. It was only when we asked Bruce that we found out that you don’t usually go around slapping people’s butts.’
They chatted for about an hour before Jack left. Steve smudged his make up a little, wrinkled his dress, and tangled the wig a bit, like it had been a mess and he had tried to fix it as quickly as possible. He hoped the others would believe him.
‘I don’t really know my way around Brooklyn,’ Tony continued. ‘Maybe you can tell me where to go?’
'I'd do that if we could, Brooklyn- boy,' the man said. 'But by the time this thing cooled down, the sun will be setting and it will be too dark to see a damn thing! There are no street lights.'
‘Steve?’
'Alright, I'll take it,' Tony said. 'I bet you fifty bucks I'm faster on running shoes than you are in heels. Oh, Ronan is handcuffed, his guards are brought outside. One of them is on the floor, he's not moving. Some sexy redhead worked him to the ground.'
'Good idea, great work,' he rambled, afraid Steve had noticed. 'Keep this up!'
‘If your date was cancelled you could have called me and took my place instead,’ Steve said. ‘I wouldn’t have to lie to this guy.’
'Or someone,' Steve said.
Steve rolled his eyes. 'Don't make it your mission to find out if she's single tonight. I already embarrassed myself enough for one day, I can't deal with any more than this.'
‘What the hell is that?!’ Clint asked as he appeared next to Tony. ‘Is that lava? Is that seriously lava? In the arctic? What the hell!’
Steve frowned. Pepper? Thankfully their conversation was disturbed by the waitress who asked them if they wanted something to drink.
‘Yeah, that will do,’ Tony said. He sat down at the bar, poured them both a drink, as he continued to watch his new cook make spaghetti with meatballs.
If he wasn’t saving the world, that was.
‘Why are you still here?’ Tony asked surprised. ‘You look like you could use some sleep.’
Steve would have blushed harder if that was possible. He didn't know if he should run or flirt back. The guy was kind of good looking. Steve was incredibly happy when he heard Bucky call his name. The real Bucky this time.
'Alright, now that everyone is here I like to start,' Fury said to a bunch of very loud people. 'As most of you know you're the only super heroes allowed at the moment. All of you together will be team New York, you'll be the official protectors of this city.'
‘He is,’ Clint said. ‘At night. You remember how he got nervous when it started to get dark? That’s because he turns back in the guy he was before the serum! Scrawny, tiny, useless, not a hero! He can’t find at night, Stark, because our big hero loses his powers at night! He was going to tell you, ask you to help him find a solution, but you had already decided he hated you by then.’
'Right, of course,' Steve said, acting a bit embarrassed. 'I bought a few things, tried it out. I have pictures, if you want to see them!'
‘Thanks,’ chuckled Steve. ‘But I heard you had a rough night. Everybody else rushed off to spend Christmas with their family, I just wanted to check if you’re okay.’
'Yes, most of my clients were male,' Steve said. 'I know what to do to make them come back.'
‘No!’ Steve said firmly.
‘You just said it wasn’t your bird!’ the big man yelled.
'That's a lame name,' Tony commented. Clint agreed.
'I did the same, but my vacation was more like a party with too much alcohol and too many women that lasted too long,' Tony laughed. 'I've got my own company now, so I had to grow up a little.'
'Of course I knew,' Fury said. 'You wouldn't have believed me if I told you though. Romanoff is one of ours. It's true that she could get out, but the Captain couldn't. The wall had to be destroyed for that. Long story that I’m not going to tell you now. I only found that out a week ago and you were the cheapest option to go and get him.'
'Yeah, go ahead! Warn them that you're coming, but go whenever you like,' Tony said. They were at the door and Steve stepped through it. Tony couldn't keep his eyes up and quickly glanced at the perfect ass.
Tony stared at the lasagna that was all over his plate. Rhodey was right, he had to talk to James. He didn’t want to, he knew things would end when he would tell James the truth and he wanted this to last longer. But if he really wanted to have a chance with this guy he should tell him the truth. He’d hate himself forever if he ruined this for himself with a silly lie.
Life had become hell. He hated this new place, he missed his A.I. that helped him with everything, his robots were in pieces and he couldn't find the right parts to repair them, and his cooking was terrible compared to the meals he got served at home. How did anyone live like this? How did they find time to do all these stupid, useless, things?
Tony’s eyes widened. ‘Your contract is ending?’ he asked surprised. ‘No, no, no, it can’t,  I’ll talk to Pepper, you can’t leave yet! I should give her a call. I think she’s in a meeting, but this is more important. You really can’t leave. We need your for…..things, you know! But that wasn’t why I wanted you to come. I’ve gotta show you something! Look at this, look at this!’
'Yeah, but I escaped,' Tony sighed.
He met two really fun guys who travelled around together and who were on their way to the Lord of the Rings set. Steve hadn’t planned to go there, but the three of them had so much fun that he decided to join them. It was much more interesting than he had thought and he took over a hundred pictures. For a night Steve and the guys stayed on the same campsite before they went their own way again. Steve went on boat rides, he went mountain biking, and he walked for miles through the beautiful nature, but he also went souvenir shopping and he visited several museums about Maori culture. He had the best time ever!
'We know that some of you were forced to work for Ronan and we’d really like to talk to you. So, we're going to split you up in two groups,' Sam continued. 'Everyone who was forced to work at the club and everyone who worked there of their own free will. No one has to fear anything, we're not charging you, we only want answers to our questions about your boss. If you were forced, tell us, please. We can help. We won't tell Ronan we talked to you, and if you testify against him we will get you a new life. A new name, a place to live, so that Ronan will never find you. Please follow this lady, she'll get you some coffee.'
Steve took place in front of his mirror and rummaged through his make up bag, acting like he forgot something. He turned and rolled his chair to Olivia's station.
'You want to work in your lab every free hour of every day, so nothing new there,' sighed Pepper, the CEO of Tony's company, but also still acting a bit like his personal assistant now and then. He couldn't do anything without her help. 'Do you really not remember you promised to be on that baking show 'The Next Great Baker'?'
'Thank you for taking the time to come here,' said the man. 'We want our contestants to make pastries in only 60 minutes. We'd like you to give them a very vague order, anything is fine, ask them to make you something you like. They’ll actually have to think of a reason why they make a certain pastry. Afterwards you get to hear those reasons and you can try all the pastries. Together with Buddy Valastro, the head baker and host of the show, you decide who wins this challenge.'
‘That was smooth,’ Tony laughed. ‘Alright, here’s my phone, give me yours too.’
'I'm going for a run,' Steve said. 'You can sleep a little longer.'
‘All big and muscly again, I see,’ Clint joked as he sat down next to his new friend. ‘Have you decided if you’re going to tell director Fury about it?’
'He never visits when you're alone?' Steve asked surprised.
'Thanks,' Steve said with a smile. He didn't let anyone see how nervous he was, but his heart was beating fast and his palms were sweaty.
‘Nice to see you again as well, Stark,’ Clint said with a wide grin. ‘Ready to safe a damsel in distress?’
'Great!' Tony cheered. He never had a friend before. 'I have no classes on Saturday. You should come then, we'll go to the hills and try! My name is Tony.'
‘No, you and the crew maybe, but I have a flying suit of armor right here. So shut it!’
With both his parents gone Steve was an orphan and he would have to go to the same orphanage as Bucky. Tony didn't like it. Not at all. He had promised to take care of Steve, but now Steve was send to an orphanage! He was sixteen, why couldn't he live on his own? Steve could take care of himself, he had done so for months.
Steve nodded. ‘Yes, this is what I looked like before I became Captain America, before they injected me with the serum. It’s not permanent. Every night, after dark I turn into this, ugly, tiny person again.’
'Not a liar then,' Ronan smirked. 'So, why does a pretty boy like you want to work here? You do know we have a gentleman's club too? You can use your own pretty face and body. I'm sure they'd love you there.'
'Jack,' the policeman answered nervously.
'It's good to see you like yourself,' Tony smirked. 'More my type now. No more plush titties, still a great ass.'
‘It’s not my bird,’ Steve said surprised.
Steve searched through his wallet and handed Ronan his fake id-card. The man studied it for a few seconds before handing it back.
'Hi,' Tony said as he saw the man in the bed. He didn't look bad. Not bad at all, he was really handsome. He had a few small scratches on his face, but other than that he was perfect. Damn, he was hot. Tony decided not to look at him too much.
Steve told him the entire story. Of course Bucky laughed his ass off.
Tony flew to the Shield headquarters and demanded to see Nick Fury. Shield was an intelligence and security organization and Tony was officially working for them. He didn’t get paid, he was a billionaire, he didn’t need it, but Shield offered him protection when he was doing his duties as Iron Man. They sent field agents to help him out and cleaned up after him. Officially Tony was the bodyguard of Nick Fury, director of Shield, but in real life things worked out a little differently. Being a ‘bodyguard’ had saved him from getting banished though.
‘No, my father died when I was really young, I don’t even remember much of him anymore,’ Steve answered. ‘My mother died a few years later and I ended up in an orphanage. When I turned eighteen I rented a place with my best friend. He joined the military and for a while we had some money, but he was killed in combat. I’ve been on my own ever since.’
Steve smiled. 'No, all of my clients were my colleagues. We talked, shared information, and discussed cases in the bedroom. Nothing happened.'
‘Let’s just start over again,’ Steve said as he wiped the tears from his eyes. ‘I’m Steve, nice to meet you. Would you like to go out and have dinner with me?’
'Sir, there is a man here with a box of donuts for you. Should I asked him to leave?' asked the receptionist.
'It's okay, I should have just let you guys know about my problem,' Steve said, a sad smile on his face. 'I'm never going to be as cool as the comic book Captain America. Do you still want to be on my team?'
Tony closed the doors behind them, while Clint already moved on. They were approaching another big hall. The doors were wide open and there was more light behind them. Tony stayed behind a little, trying to figure out how the electricity was working here, so far from the rest of the world. When he heard something he stood still.
‘Sushi?’ Tony asked when he looked at the food on the counter. ‘Is there something special tonight?’
'I heard something about her cover being blown,' Tony said. He wanted to say more, but Sam interrupted him.
‘Give me one reason why I shouldn’t?’ Tony asked.
‘It’s okay,’ Steve said simply. That wasn’t what he wanted to talk about.
Surprised Steve reached for his butt and pulled a fifty out of his back pocket. He sighed.
‘Speaking about presents and kids,’ Steve continued. ‘Since neither of us have kids desperately waiting for us to come home so they can open their presents, how about breakfast? I know a place a few blocks from here and I checked, it’s open. They do this special Christmas breakfast with cinnamon rolls and glazed berry tarts.’
'I like the real Captain America a lot better,' Tony stated. 'We're going to be the best team ever!'
‘My own shirt is still dry,’ Steve said as he unzipped his coat to show it. ‘Let me try those sweatpants.’ He zipped up his coat again and pulled Tony towards the rain. Tony quickly grabbed his umbrella and opened it. It was difficult to hold it above both their heads while they were holding hands, but neither of them really cared much about getting wet.
When Steve and Tony started living together they had asked Jarvis to join them for dinner. They didn't like it that he had to sit alone in another room. They asked him every evening and after weeks he finally joined them. At first he didn't say much, he listened to their stories, but when they all got used to it he started telling stories as well. They got to know him better than ever before.
They moved on to the next one, a guy named Ryan. Tony eyed his pastries weary.
‘And he didn’t freak out, because I would have heard him scream if he did,’ said Natasha. ‘So you’re thinking about telling Fury? Don’t. Not yet. He is thinking about creating a team. If you work in a team, the others can help you, take over from you if necessary. It’s probable that the three of us will be in the team, Stark too and a few others. One of them is a scientist. Physicist. He might be able to help you with finding a cure. I heard he has already been trying to replicate your serum. Maybe Stark could help him.’
'Thanks,' Steve smiled, shaking his head at his own stupidity.
The dogs pulled the sled over a small hill and that’s when they saw it. There was indeed a medieval castle in the middle of the winter landscape. It was made of big, grey stones, which suited the white ground and grey skies. There were a few windows, but they were probably not big enough for Tony to fly through. Other than the windows there was only one way in: a big gate. Which was closed and the bridge was pulled up. Tony could fly over the moat, that wasn’t a problem, but how would they get inside?
Steve snorted. 'I bet it was. Let's grab a bite before we move on.'
'In all the magazines I see pictures of you with a cup of coffee, so I decided to make coffee flavored cupcakes, with a mocha topping and I decorated them with coffee beans.'
Bucky's eyes almost fell out of his head. Natasha looked very good in the black leather outfit she was currently wearing. Sexy, extremely sexy, but still in a way that showed she could kill you with her bare hands.
‘Are you okay?’ Steve asked when he pulled Redwing away from the man. ‘Did he hurt you?’
'You're Captain America?' Tony asked. Now that he was looking up, he also noticed the shield that stood next to Steve's bag on the chair.
‘Oi, when were you planning to wake up?’ a voice asked.
‘But I’m gonna help you!’ Clint said. ‘You can’t go on such a dangerous mission on your own. You’ll need your sidekick! Come on, it’s gonna be fun! And I’m great with dogs. I’ll do the dog sled thingie for you.’
'I'll make some more coffee then,’ Sam laughed.
'I run and you'll follow?' Steve asked as he looked at the rope in his hands. 'Until you're in the air?'
'I'll send some agents to get them out,' Fury said. 'Captain, we have a room for you here, for tonight. Romanoff and Barton, for you too.'
The two people shouting 'NO!' in their ears were so loud that Tony could hear Sam and Steve could hear the guy who was monitoring Tony. Steve and Tony cried with laughter.
Steve agreed. Since it was getting dark, they both went their separate ways, Steve over the hill and Tony back to the castle. The next weeks Tony went outside whenever he had a free moment. He walked into the woods when the guards weren't watching and searched for feathers that were lying around. For days he searched, only to end up with a few dozens. Not nearly enough for his big plans.
'Since this is all you've seen, you can just shout Stefanie. The real me doesn't look anything like this at all. So, will I be dreaming about Tony tonight, or isn't that you're real name either?'
Clint sat up and pushed the dogs away for a moment. ‘What the hell are they doing? No, I don’t think I want to know.’
‘Yeah, might affected the spark plugs too,’ Tony sighed. ‘If they broke, we gotta replace them and I don’t know if they have stuff like that lying around here.’
‘Just around the corner,’ Steve said. ‘It’s not in plain view as the rest of the shops, so only people who know about it come in there. It’s never too crowded to relax.’
Steve’s mouth fell open. He stood up and touched the robot, before he turned to Tony.
‘Steve is like a human furnace, Stark was cold.’
'But you did know he was captain America?' Clint asked.
Steve’s eyes widened. ‘Seventy years?’ he asked, before sighing deeply. ‘Great, seventy years and now they want me to be someone’s bodyguard. But I’d like to see some of the world again. I’m going with you.’
Steve showed him his three paintings. Bucky admired them for a few minutes, asking some questions, before they fixed the lightning. When everything looked absolutely perfect they went home to change.
Tony had seen it all. The only thing that had surprised him was the guy who watered the Christmas tree with the lights on. He got electrocuted and was lucky to be alive. At least no one burned their house down this year. Houses filled with lots of people and burning candles was a recipe for disaster.
'Good luck,' Lauren whispered.
For a long time they just sat there together. Jarvis, the man who had brought them together, who had supported them in everything and anything, wasn't here anymore.
‘Was he nice?’ Sam asked.
‘Healthcare too,’ Tony added. ‘One of the perks of working for Stark Industries. Healthcare, dental, stuff like that. I’ll make sure to get you an official contract later, but maybe you could make me something now? I can’t remember the last time I ate. Probably yesterday. Don’t know, but I’m pretty hungry. I’ll pay you the money you need for the rent and your meds after you fed me, so maybe don’t try to kill me just yet? You really need the food too, before you collapse in my living room. There are going to be some weird stories in the papers if you collapse here. What about sushi? I could go for sushi. I’m sure there’s fish in the fridge.’
He didn’t have much time to think about how he was going to do that, because his shift started. As always the night started with people with broken limbs, because they didn’t use ladders to put up their lights. Or worse, when they fell out of windows as they tried to put up lights outside. Then the burns and cuts from cooking, the allergies, the choking and the food poisoning. After that it was time for drug and alcohol overdoses, only to end the night with victims of car crashes caused by drunk drivers. For some reason there was also always at least one kid that swallowed a battery for some reason.
‘Steve can outrun a cheetah while he is wearing stilts,’ Natasha agreed. ‘Those heel won’t stop him.’
Sam encouraged him once more as Steve walked down the stairs. He was nervous, afraid that they would see he was a fraud. He was more nervous than when he walked in here a few hours ago. It wasn't necessary, because Nebula praised him for his good work and when the club closed down for the night she offered him a contract.
'Cap?' he asked
Tony smiled. ‘Me too, you’re a nice guy. With a great ass, that wasn’t a lie.’
Nobody left. They protested and stayed in their place, not moving an inch. Tony tried a few things, he even fired his repulsors, but nobody seemed to be scared. Tony would have loved to pick them all up one by one and drag them to the police station, but he didn’t have time for that! There was only one solution: he had to talk to Nick Fury.
in a baking competition. Now hurry up, Happy is waiting for you, and don't embarrass me or the company on tv!'
‘I’LL SUE YOU!’
'No,' Howard said, not even looking up from his paperwork.
‘Okay, you’re right, thanks for doing this,’ Bucky said. ‘You look great. Now go and get that dude for me!’
It was two weeks later when Tony noticed the strange coffee cup between his mugs. Sam's coffee cup. Tony took it from the shelf and hurried to his neighbor. He acted like he hadn’t seen the motor cycle in the front yard. Steve was there! Tony may or may not have programmed his A.I. to tell him whenever Steve was around.
Tony hid a smile in his hoodie. The moment is face popped out it had a very serious expression on it.
'Good, because we need you to get the sled outside again and even with the three of us we couldn’t get it through the door,' Tony joked.
Steve spoke first.  “Why are we here?”
“Enough!”  The Winter Soldier snapped causing Steve to flinch and took a few steps back as Bucky stalked over to him.
Finna stepped up to Steve.  She held her face and stroked her long hair as she removed the thin collar.  “Is she Midgardian?”  She asked with some interest.
“Are you going to be good for your Daddies?”  He paused to allow her to answer.  When she did not, he continued, “They will let me and the others know if you do not behave, honey.”  Her eyes teared.  “Do you understand?”
“You done?”  Jack said after about ten minutes.
“We’ll be sure to take advantage of it.”  Bucky smirked as he turned slightly to his left to make sure Stevie hadn’t moved.  “Let’s wash up and have some fun.  I fucking hate stinking like an airport.”
Steve tried so hard not to cry.  His whole body hurt, he was humiliated time and time again by the man he thought was his best friend.  He thought they were with each other ‘til the end of the line.  He did not even know his best friend anymore…the monster he had morphed into.  Steve knew there was no escape from him…from Tony…from any of them.  He slowly lowered himself to his hands and knees and traversed the short distance to Bucky.  Cum was oozing from his torn anus.
“We will be leaving soon.  There are places I want to show you and Steven.”  Tony didn’t say anything.  “I will continue to take care of you, Anthony.  You and your brother.  I don’t think anyone has ever properly done that for either of you.”  He paused.  “You belong to me.”
“NOW.”
They arrived on Midgard later that day and Loki teleported them to the Tower.  Their arrival was met with great enthusiasm by the trio of Avengers.
Before he showered, Bucky took her one more time, loving to see his seed oozing from her used cunt.  After he finished cleaning, he dressed and was pulling his shirt over his head when Clint and Tony entered his room.  Tony slipped his sunglasses off for a moment.  “Ready?”
“I’m sorry, Tony.  About everything.  I’m so sorry!”
Bucky scooted back from the table and opened his robe as he placed his coffee down.  He motioned for Tony to bring her over. He stroked his semi hard cock to hardness and as Tony hovered her over him, he slid her down on his waiting cock.  Bucky reached up to wipe her tears.
Neither Steve nor Tony answered.  Thanos continued.  “When given the choice to gain their freedom, they asked for me to return those decimated to existence.  You should bow down to their greatness for their sacrifice, instead of the distrust and disrespect you show at this moment.”
“Robes?”  Bucky said with a grin.
“No…”  Steve whimpered, not wanting to be touched.
Steve Rogers returned to the high rise and walked towards Natasha’s door.  He knocked and waited for her to answer.  She opened the door and stood in shock to see the Super Soldier standing in front of her.  “Oh my God…”  She whispered.  “Steve!”  She hugged him tightly as he leaned over to do the same.  When they separated, she pulled him inside.  “What happened?”
“N-No more cold, Mistress?”
“What’s wrong with him?”  Bucky asked.
“If Bruce were here, I don’t think he’d be a part of this conversation.”  Clint added. Bruce was currently off the grid indefinitely.  He was in Calcutta doing mission work.  He had the Hulk under control for the time being and wanted to be productive with his time.  Natasha was also gone, on a prolonged undercover mission for SHIELD.
“Stevie, I’ll forgive you for trying to run because I know this is all new to you.”  He ignored the Winter Soldier and tried desperately to make the door knob turn, but to no avail.  Jarvis had the Penthouse on lockdown.  All his energy dissipated as Steve fell to the floor and leaned against the door panting.  Silent tears cascaded down his face.  He couldn’t even fight when Bucky picked him up and walked over to the couch.  He sat down and positioned Steve to straddle him, causing pain to shoot through him as his legs were forced apart.
The three exchanged a look as Tony went to the edge of the deck and whistled to get Thor and Loki’s attention.  Loki heard him and teleported them next to the others.
“You’re a sick fuck, Stark.”  Clint said as he laughed.
“Bless you, Lokes!”  Volstaag groaned.  “Hogun, come!”  He gestured to his friend.  Slip in alongside me.”
“Ahhh….ah….ah….Mistress!”  Steve’s eyes closed as she tried her best not to move.
Tony reluctantly complied and within the hour, he was placed in a helicopter and was flown to an unknown destination.
“Fuck.”  Bucky groaned as he saw her tanned, glowing skin and her piercings.  “Shit.”
“You…you don’t think it’s stupid?”
“Daddy…hurts…”  Was all Steve could say as his back arched up as the dick seemed to move farther in as he sat.
“Really?”  He smirked.  “You think you can stop me?”  Tony stood there defiantly.  Thanos raised the gauntlet and suddenly, Tony started screaming as he fell to the ground.  He writhed in pain as Thanos twisted his hand around.
Steve nodded.  “Thank you for arranging the visit.”
Loki stepped up.  “Place her on the bed.”  He said confidently and Tony did just that.  He lifted the near lifeless body and put her on his bed.
“I like how you think.”  Tony responded with a grin.
“Why hello one eyed Willy?  How can I be of service today?”
“To…make you and my -u-uncles f-feel good.”
Feedback is appreciated.
“Really, Tony?”
“There you go, baby girl.  Come on sweetheart…”
“Clint, Tony…grab a leg.”  The two men climbed onto the bed and complied, each taking Steve’s slender leg and opening him up.  Steve could feel his core exposed to the entire room.
This went on for almost a week.  Tony had flown to San Francisco for his meeting and now he was back.  Today, they were laying out by the pool enjoying the warm California sun.  Tony worked on his tan while Bucky fucked Stevie in the hot tub.  When he was finished, he lifted them out of the warm water.  He sat down with her on a lounge chair.
The others filed in and as the car started, the partition came up.
“We do have some troubling news though.”  Loki added.  “Our slave showed great disrespect to Lady Sif and thus caused both Thor and I feelings of humiliation.”
“Now, slave.  Your crime against Lady Sif was unacceptable.  You require instruction because you are newly a woman and do not understand what it truly means to pleasure one.”  She clapped her hands, and a higher ranked slave woman entered the chamber.
“Well, it depends on how you do today.  Does it not?”  She tilted her head as she pulled at the slit of her silk robe revealing her bare pussy.  “We shall see if your instruction led to improvement.  Come.”  She said as she spread her legs and beckoned the slave over.  Stevie climbed onto the oversized chaise lounge and crawled over to her.  She lowered her mouth to the warm pussy and Steve did her best to give the woman pleasure.  She gently parted her lips and began to suck on her clit.  Steve focused on her task, ignoring the smells and the saltiness and was determined to make up for what she did wrong previously.  She wanted to show Mistress and Thor and Loki that she could be good and never have to go to the cold again or be thrown away to the monster.
“You are our perfect little slut now.  It’s how things were supposed to be all along.”
Tony collapsed on the couch in the common room, exhausted from the battle.
Tony made his way to the edge of the pool and left the flotation device.  He was walking towards his drink when his phone rang.  He smiled.  “It’s Thor.”  He said to Buck and Clint.
Bucky clapped his hands together, “Alright, let’s eat!”
“I-I’m a whore!”  She arched as Tony continued to eat her out.
Steve’s eyes widened in disbelief as that information made him start crying hysterically.  That’s why…every time…so much pain…
Clint nodded and hauled a boneless Stevie up.  “On your hands and knees, sweetheart.”  He ignored the look of betrayal on Steve’s face as he forced him into the position.  Never knowing when to back down, Steve tried to kick Clint and that earned him some hard smacks to his ass.  Steve yelled out at the pain caused.  Clint grabbed Steve’s long hair from behind and pulled hard.  He leaned up to his ear, “Listen, be a good
“Hello again.  I am Chistine Everheart of WHIH with our part 2 interview with Steve Rogers, Captain America.  The link to part 1 is on our home page.  It includes the footage of the magic that changed Captain Rogers and we have discussed the trauma he suffered from convicted criminals Iron Man, The Winter Soldier and Hawkeye.”  She smiled sadly at her guest.  “Captain Rogers.  Again, I would like to thank you for your bravery in coming forward to share your ordeal at the hands of your former teammates.”
Thanos landed on Titan, close to where the final battle waged.  ‘Most of them should be gone’, he postulated as he stepped off the ship.  He saw his daughter sitting next to a despondent Stark.
“Yes, my sons.  You are now the children of Thanos.  You will help me rule here.”  He turned to Steve.  “Come, Steven.”  He complied and walked to him.  Thanos grabbed his wrists and the gold cuffs that encircled him for so long, crumbled apart.  Steve stiffened as he felt his super strength flow back into his body.  “You will help me with the troops, my child.  They need a steadying hand for battle if the need arises.”  He smiled at him as he gently placed his hand on Steve’s cheek.  The super soldier couldn’t help the blush that crept across his cheeks.  “You are important to me, my beautiful sons.  Steven, I need your strength and your wit to aid in keeping peace.”  Steve didn’t know what to say.   He could only nod.  “And Anthony, your intelligence and vision is key as well.”  He gestured from him to step forward.  “Tomorrow, I will show you a very special place in which you will thrive.”
His nostrils flared in anger as he stepped towards.  “No need for such emotion.”  Thanos smiled.  “I knew I chose wisely when you first laid eyes on him in the ship.”
“It’s okay, sweetheart.  I am so proud of you.  ” Tony responded as he stroked his hair.
Steve sat on a large ledge looking out into the peaceful night.  He loved this spot.  He would draw while enjoying the warm breeze of the evening.  He heard the door open and thought it odd that Tony would be coming up so early.  He stood up and when he saw Thanos, he was not sure why but he tried to hide his sketchbook behind the curtain.  The Mad Titan walked up to him and Steve could only watch as he reached behind the fabric to procure the book.
“Agreed.”  Loki admitted.
She bit her lip as she shook her head.  She cleared her throat as she tried to keep the emotion from her voice.  “T-Thor and Loki…they said it was permanent.”
T’Challa was flanked by his Dora Milaje.  Natasha, Sam, Rhodey, Clint, Bruce, Bucky and Peter were there as well.  The Guardians returned to space with Thor.  Stephen Strange continued his protection of the New York Sanctum and Wanda had disappeared a few years ago.
“Why do you ask, archer?”
“I’m a sweet little girl,
“To Finna’s stable, my prince?”  He asked Loki.
Because she was so good, Stevie got to sit in Bucky’s lap instead of the floor.  He hand-fed her and she got to eat to her heart’s content.  When they completed the meal, they adjourned to the sitting room to talk and to have after dinner drinks.  Tony sat with his legs sprawled out as Stevie warmed his cock.
“I am so proud of you.  You have righted your wrongs.  Good slaves will be rewarded.”  She gestured towards the table of delights.
She nodded.
Bucky threw Steve onto the bed.  “Help me!”  He screamed as Bucky descended upon him and ripped his shirt and pants off, leaving him in simple cotton panties and a bra.  Steve tried his best to curl into a ball and he cried with fear.  Why was this happening?  And why were his friends just standing there?
Bruce understands it’s hard to trust people who don’t know what it’s like. So, Bruce is hooking him up with a therapist who does.
“There’s always another option.”
"You want me to stall him?"
Clint: first 2 30 wins!
The darkness is overwhelming. Tony can’t see shit.
His current hypothesis was MODOK.
Tony looks up in surprise. "You want to meet with me again?"
MODOK grimaces, and Tony can almost feel Nat rolling her eyes behind him.
Clint frowns.
Tony really needs a shower, but Pepper is upstairs, using his, so he heads towards the communal shower.
Tony nods, blushing furiously.
Maybe Tony's in love with Steve.
He just lets his mouth run.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony groans, trying to shake off the remnants of ebbing panic. “Anyways, let’s get these to the lab. I want to know if the Adaptoid could have done the thing, and the suit needs to charge.”
Bruce smiles back.
Tony groans. "Shit."
"What qualities do I have that make me worthy?"
Bucky lifts an eyebrow. “Do you want me to ask if he saw you?”
On the other hand, the Adaptiod was back, and it had company this time.
What on Earth made Loki sad?
"Fucking finally!"
"JARVIS! You said you wouldn't tell!" Peter complains.
"Yes!" Tony cheers.
“Huh,” Tony says.
Thor yells something from across the room.
"That's like... almost three times my age."
"No!" Clint blurts out.
Tony spins to face the voice, and the flashlight turns back on.
Her plan will work.
Clint’s saying something, but Tony can’t hear it over the pounding in his ears, the running thoughts of panic just now starting to die down as he realizes he’s safe.
“Cabal attack, I think. I saw MODOK for sure.”
Tony smiles. "Yeah. I'd like that. A lot."
The sliding glass door opens.
Tony nods.
"Well, I'd say you succeeded. Consider me not feeling worthless."
She snorts. “What, you think you’re the only brain around?”
He shrugs.
Tony smiles. "I appreciate the effort, but JARVIS told me about some quote-unquote suspicious behavior in the living room."
"No seriously, you've been talking about him for how long now?"
He should have gotten the Adaptoid first, he thinks miserably.
"So... In half an hour?"
Tony scoffs. "Well shit. There's... there's a lot."
Steve's shield is... somewhere. The ceiling, Tony thinks. He looks up.
Tony gapes. "You did?"
He hadn’t thought she cared. Or at least, not that much. He thought she was just putting up with him because she had to.
"Why don't you tell me what you tried to tell Bruce?"
Clint has used up all of his arrows except the electric ones, which only seem to strengthen the Adaptoids.
It would help if he knew who exactly was attacking the building.
"Yes way."
The Adaptoid lies still on the ground.
The Adaptoid knocks him off with ease.
He did not need to see that.
At the end of the last episode, Loki switches the TV back to Game of Thrones.
“JARVIS, get anyone who’s in the building!” Tony shouts, shaking with the effort of freeing himself.
Bucky: I want $30.
The suit’s battery drops as Tony continues his struggle, but this time, there is no arrow to save him.
Tony glares at him from across the workbench.
Tony turns red. "I do not!"
He starts in Genova in 1999, then moves to the present, well, the recent past. He talks about the wormhole, about sleepless nights and ruined relationships. He talks about having to be the best, the only way to keep everyone and everything safe. He talks about how things aren't quite what you'd expect, terrorists and billionaires alike.
He immediately takes off his shirt and gets to work on the wires.
Sam: DUDE
Bucky has lost his arm to an Adaptoid somehow, but he and Natasha have each others' backs, fending off Adaptoids successfully.
“Dude,” Bucky manages to say.
"Shut it, Parker."
Why is everyone being so nice to him?
Clint sighs. “Promise me you’ll talk to me if you need it?”
Bruce is holding his ground as the Hulk decently well, as is Loki with his magic.
Tony rolls his eyes. "Kid, I'm not accepting that kind of sass from you."
Tony tumbles to the ground roughly, and the Adaptoid turns on him menacingly.
There’s a split second as his brain does commentary on what he sees as he processes -  that is America’s ass - but as embarrassment kicks in, Tony slams the door shut.
He thinks he understands what Bruce is saying, what Bruce is doing.
Besides, he has something else in his sights.
Tony stares out of the window, content.
His breath is heavy as he kicks himself out of the suit onto his knees.
Loki just doesn’t share. And he’s always watching Game of Thrones. No one else even likes Game of Thrones.
Tony rolls his eyes.
Tony had no idea why Clint was being so nice.
Pepper smiles, looking at Steve. "I think you'd be surprised."
The limp bodies of his friends fall to the ground,
Clint: i just want the $$ lol but ill do it
Tony sighs again. "So. What do you want to know?"
Loki: Okay. Sure. Why not?
And he supposes that’s it, but that frown continues to haunt him.
“Tony?”
Bucky shrugs. “Guess you’re in the clear.”
Tony glares at her, face red.
“The other night. When I fell asleep instead of listening to you.”
Tony pauses. “He is?”
“What’s got you acting so nice?”
He looks up at her.
And, to his surprise, Sam listens. He asks questions and makes comments, and Tony's not sure he's ever had this kind of feedback before.
Pepper shrugs. "I don't know."
“No problem,” Bucky replies.
Steve: so we’re all going to try to make tony feel better?
Natasha adjusts her grip on the flashlight as she gets into a fighting pose. “I suggest you free them, MODOK.”
“Any ideas what’s going on?” Tony asks.
Clint pauses, the grin still on his face, but a look of wonder is there as well.
“Really,” Tony says, “Anything I can do.”
Bruce: i’ll help
It’s a comfortable silence, and Tony doesn’t feel the need to break it.
“That’s just weird.”
Tony stares back at Steve.
Natasha: dude.
Tony shrugs. “It’s alright.”
“Or do you just always have to go for the sacrifice play?”
“You don’t have to, you know,” she says.
Bruce: what? i’m not that kind of doctor
Take my quiz of what to write next, and join my discord!
Natasha: wow rude
There’s the Clint Tony knows.
Rhodes: oh that…
Pepper smiles. "And how do you know that?"
“Tell me about it,” Tony replies, looking down at his suit.
"Remind me why you aren't going to the wedding again?"
Steve: **more importantly** why don’t we fix the problem
“On it, boss.”
Nat sighs, standing. She offers Tony his shirt. “You have the rest of us for a reason you know.”
Yes, there’s the Clint Tony knows indeed.
Quiz Link: https://forms.gle/F16UoXg9PR1cZtdLA
Tony holds Steve's hand. "Let's take this inside. Sit on a couch, get some food, drink."
He's got this.
At the end of the story, Tony feels cathartic. He's let go of a lot. And while the fear and the anxiety and anger are all still there, it feels more manageable than it has in years. He finally has someone who can help take some of the weight off his shoulders.
Well, he takes that back. He can see the bodies of his fellow Avengers, unconscious in their wrappings, and where all the wires meet up in the middle.
Tony shrugs. "At seven."
Well, not as nice as the view he got earlier in the week, but he wasn't supposed to get that view.
Loki keeps staring at Tony and grabs the remote.
As his brain catches up, Tony grins more forcefully. "Yeah. You're right."
Clint: y. u want the $$ or smth
She smiles.
He is a scientist after all.
Tony looks down at the ground.
Tony shakes his head again. "No way."
He's actually kind of proud, and not just of his people.
The moment we've been waiting for
Tony’s already figured it out, but he’s wasted precious time doing so. The battery level continues to go down, and if it goes down too far, and the Adaptoid’s technology is good enough, it won’t be draining energy from the suit.
“Where is it?” Clint asks.
Maybe he's in love with Steve Rogers, but there's no way that love is requited.
"Shit! Is it that time already?" Tony asks, leaping out of his seat.
Hm, Tony thinks. He doesn’t care enough to investigate further.
Tony stumbles through the dark halls, blind as a bat, hoping to run into someone, anyone.
"Thank you," Tony whispers.
They head back to the lab, Tony trying to think of how the Adaptoid even drained the energy from his suit in the first place.
Discord Link: https://discord.gg/gd4Exrg
Sam smiles. "Good."
They lapse back into silence for a moment.
"Same time next week?" Sam asks.
It is NOT safe to go in.
“Nat,” he sighs.
Sam smiles. "Of course."
Okay, three villains in a week was a little excessive, but such is the life of a superhero.
The Adaptoid looms over Tony as Tony instinctively moves back, moves away, only to back up into a wall.
Tony smiles. "If you say so."
captivating. Maybe those muscles look strong enough to save the world but gentle enough to comfort everyone as well. Maybe Steve is kind, and caring, and generous in a way Tony hasn't experienced in a long time. Maybe Steve looks at people like they are the world, but he looks at Tony like he's the universe, and Tony's never had anyone look at him that way before.
Sam shrugs. "Just start where you want to start. Tell me anything."
Tony looks over at Rhodes. "Really?"
Tony ditches the suit this time, doing his best to fight with his fists.
Bruce nods.
Steve: good
Steve stares in shock. "What qualities do- are you crazy, Tony? You're perfect! You're smart, you're intelligent, you always put others before yourself, you're kind, you're fantastic, you give and you give and you dive! You..." Steve sighs, staring at Tony, open-mouthed.
Tony rolls his eyes. "Okay, whatever."
Peter smiles and runs off.
He rushes to the control panel.
He shouldn’t be complaining, but he’ll admit, it’s odd.
Seriously, no, how the fuck did that happen? How did he lose his metal arm?
Loki frowns and looks away, but it leaves Tony confused. That frown wasn’t annoyance or anger, it was sadness.
Steve smiles down at Tony, and they're about to kiss when someone interrupts.
is victory enough.
But apparently, Bruce does.
They place the suit in the lab uneventfully, but when they return to get the Adaptoid, it’s gone.
Tony stands on the balcony, overlooking the city
"I must be dreaming," Tony whispers.
Bruce: IDK i feel asleep
"Come on, we were going to make you feel special, even though you're old and shit," Clint complains.
Tony launches himself at another Adaptoid, holding onto its neck and shoulders desperately.
Tony reels: The Adaptoid can be overloaded, the hammer supplies enough electricity to overload the Adaptoid, Tony just wielded the hammer, Tony
"You kissed Captain America?"
Sam: I am! next time send him to me!
Short chapter, but hopefully it comes across as a little bit on the fluffy side
He’s not sure when he falls asleep, but he must have, as the Adaptoid is back, but Tony’s still in his suit.
Tony smiles, hugging Steve. "Thank you."
The forty-five minutes they had originally agreed on becomes an hour and a half.
It’ll be draining from his arc reactor.
So, when the villain of the week attacked, the Avengers were understaffed.
Tony: lmao I’ll give thirty bucks to the first person who makes me feel NOT worthless
“Not right now,” Tony replies, connecting the wires to the metal plate in his chest.
Tony rolls his eyes.
Hahaha i love one father/son duo
Quiz Link: https://forms.gle/F16UoXg9PR1cZtdLA
My headcanon: none of the Avengers really watch Game of Thrones
Tony rolls his eyes. “Being nice to me?”
"What?" Tony asks.
wield the hammer, Thor just
"Really?" Pepper asks, raising an eyebrow.
Tony rolls his eyes. "If you need money, all you have to do is ask, you know."
"Because I'm closer to you than Eliza, Tony."
Clint looks worried. “Damn, really? That’s not good.”
“I think not.  I have suffered as well.  I had to give up the one thing that meant most to me.”  He paused.  “My beloved Gamora.”  He stepped closer to Nebula, knowing how his words cut her to the bone.
“Uh uh uh, sweetheart.  What is my name?”
“NO, Tony!”  Steve exclaimed.  He couldn’t let Tony sacrifice himself for him.  He had done so much already to help him.  With a large sob, the super soldier stood on shaky legs and climbed onto the bed.  He couldn’t help the tears that spilled forth as he felt the bed dip immensely.  He could only look at the giant alien and as Thanos stroked his cock to hardness, he pleaded,  “It won’t fit…please…”
“Your naiveté is staggering, Stevie.”
“Yes.”
“Tony…”  Steve whispered as his eyes drifted to the purple giant sitting and watching them.  Tony gently rotated his head back to him.
“It is something.”  Ross replied.  After walking for some time, he stopped in front of the door. “Take all the time you need.”
“Haven’t tried her ass yet.”  Tony added.  “But her mouth and pussy are amazing.”  He glanced at Steve who was curled into a ball on the bed.  “I’ll have to try it when we get to Malibu.  I fucking hate sloppy seconds back there.”
“Stop it!!!  Please!!!”
“Warm Uncle Clint’s cock, honey.”  She turned over onto her knee and hands and crawled the small distance to Clint’s waiting dick.  Bucky then looked to Tony.  “What’s on the agenda today?”
“When you need us again, look up and ask Heimdall to contact me.”  Thor said.  “I must say…I look forward to bringing the Little One to our home.  Yes, Brother?”
At this point, the pain was so great, Steve’s mouth was gaping open reflecting agony, but no real noise escaped.
He appeared in thought for some time.  He went over to an ornate box and opened it.  He removed the gauntlet.  He placed it on and waved in a circular motion.  In time, a portal opened and Steve recognized it as the battlefield of Wakanda.  Thanos used the time stone as he closed his eyes.  One by one, figures formed from dust particles in the wind:
“You have had a great amount of time without her.”  Thor said.  “Please.  Enjoy.”  The trio smiled as Bucky picked her up and they all ventured into Tony’s massive bedroom.  All the men stripped but Loki and Thor kept back.  They began playing with each other, giving the others time with Stevie.
“Amazing…”  Bucky moaned out as he thrust in and out enjoying a slicker slide at this point.  He felt like heaven.  Bucky knew he could go for hours before coming but he hadn’t had sex in some time and he knew the other boys would want their shot.  He could feel a familiar tingle and after a few more pushes he exploded inside of Steve.  Feeling out of breath from the best orgasm he ever had, he withdrew his only partially soft cock from Steve.
“No…no…help me!  Please…help me…no…no…AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!”  Steve orgasmed so violently that if she had not been restrained, she would have fallen on the floor.  “Stop…please god…s-stop!!!!!!”  Tony turned up the setting and Steve howled.  Her second orgasm ripped through her…it was incredibly painful.  She was not allowed to recover; the stimulation was unending.
“What?”
use it.
“Tea?”
“Thank you, Tony.”  Steve whispered as he lay in Tony’s arms.  “I’m sorry I’m not being strong.”
“When we left, we said we wanted you clean for us when we returned.  Isn’t that right, boys?”  Tony and Clint nodded.  “And we return, your cunt is filthy?!?  Did you beg Jack to fuck you?”
“Yes, Daddy…”  He moaned as Thanos lifted his legs higher and pounded away.  “AHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!”  He twitched as came.  Thanos followed soon after.
Bucky smirked.  “And we can’t fight off the Hulk.”  The other two shook their heads.  “He needs to stay the fuck away from here for the foreseeable future.”
“No, Stevie.  I’m not hurt.  Right as rain actually.  I am finally going to take what I want.”  He smiled and looked like a predator.
“Shut the fuck up.”  He responded as he slapped her face, stunning her.  He placed his monster cock at her entrance.  Amazingly, he was still hard.  He bent her in half as he pushed in and moaned loudly.  He had never felt something so tight in his life.  “Motherfucker…”  He said to no one as he pushed in and out.  Even her dry walls didn’t bother him.  The friction felt wonderful.  As he enjoyed the warmth, he extended his pleasure.  When he felt like he was about to cum, he slowed down.  He fucked her continuously for over 20 minutes, not paying attention to her distress and pain.  He finally released within her.  He collapsed on top of the small figure panting.
Steve sniffed as they embraced each other tightly.  They soon fell asleep.
“D-Daddy…I d-don’t…I…I…n-never…”
“Where are we going Tony?”
Two horses appeared next to them.  They each mounted one and Heimdall lifted Steve and Thor placed her in front of him.  While they could have teleported to the Palace, Thor wanted their slave to behold the grandeur of Asgard.  Their home differed greatly from Midgard.  They took off as Thor secured her in front allowing her to feel his hard cock against her back.
The next day, Thanos returned to their room.  He instructed Tony to lay down on the bed.  He tried to appear strong but inside, his heart was hammering away.  Steve was instructed to kneel on the bed and take him in his mouth.  Tony moaned as his cock grew inside Steve’s warmth.  He was nearly ready to cum, when Thanos lifted Steve off.  Tony groaned at the loss of the wonderful feeling.
“Thank you, my friend, the night was not a total waste.”  She glared and then winked at Thor and Loki and placed her robe back on.  “Gentlemen, I shall take my leave.  Good morrow!”  She said as she departed.
Thor smiled brightly as he picked Steve up again.  “All is forgiven, Little One.”  He placed Steve on his belly on the bench and asked for the lube.  As his large finger circled the rim of Steve ass, he smiled to the group who surrounded them.  “She is tight, my friends.  Should feel glorious around my cock.”
“I can’t wait to try this out.”  Tony said excitedly as he grabbed a remote.  He pushed a button and a silver Iron Man suit emerged from behind a glass door.
Thanos gave them more freedom to wander around outside the palatial home.  Steve and Tony took hikes in the surrounding areas.  Tony sensed Steve needed the activity, he seemed restless at times.  Iron Man wished he could work in his lab; the inability to channel his creative juices was difficult for him to handle.
‘The soup kitchen is too far away,’ Steve said, while trying to show Tony his best puppy eyes. ‘I can’t walk that far and I have no money for the subway. I tried to sneak into the subway a few times, but they know a lot of homeless people try to get a free ride, so they check tickets all the time. I can’t go there anymore.’
'Right now?' Steve asked, peeking outside through the only window in the room. 'But it's getting dark outside. Should we really wander around on the snowy fields in the dark? We might get lost.'
‘I want to make him one of my bodyguards,’ Fury stated. ‘We can’t keep the world safe with just a man in a flying suit of armor, we need more. I could train the stray super heroes you have to offer me, but I need a man who will bring in money and this super soldier is that kind of man.’
Tony quickly poured two cups from his super deluxe coffee machine, and handed Steve one of them. He opened the box and took one of the donuts, before offering one to Steve.
“And then I will see my Daddies?”
Thanos thought for some time.  “Your same friends that tried to defeat me?”
“That’s vague.” Clint said.
“Please.”  She pleaded as he grabbed her long hair hard and yanked back.  He cupped the posterior neck and brought her to his dick.  He stuffed it inside her, going directly back to her throat causing her to convulse at the force of it.  He withdrew slightly to allow her to breathe and then plunged back inside.  He relentlessly fucked her mouth like he dreamed of doing since he saw her on the tarmac.  And the reality was even better than his fantasy.  He shot his load so deep in her that it went directly to her stomach.  When he stepped back, she collapsed to the ground, choking and sobbing.  He went to pick her up when his phone rang.
“Good.  Let us go.”  She grabbed the leash, and they began walking towards the royal family suites.  Finna wanted to personally deliver Stevie to her friends.  They would be so pleased at the outcome.
“It’s perfect.”  Bucky matched his grin.  “We’ll use it in the morning.  I will not tolerate her mouthing off to us like she did yesterday.”
“You are sweetheart because you are here.  That’s enough for me.  I will take care of you.”  Steve nodded as he leaned down and placed his head in Tony’s neck as he took a deep breath.
“The bond you two share.  The gauntlet gives me the ability to see your feelings.  I knew from the moment you saw him, you two had a connection.  Such strong emotions between you two: passion…regret…love…hurt…”  He paused.  “You both feel so deeply and fight so nobly.   Light and dark…you two are perfect.”  He smiled as he brought Tony closer.  “Strip.”  He said firmly with no room for dissension.  Tony looked at Steve who appeared so vulnerable on the bed.  With a deep breath and watering eyes, he complied.  He stood there and refused to avert his eyes away from their nightmare.   He would not give him the victory.  Tony was never ashamed of his body, even when it was riddled with scars.
“Am I good girl, Daddy?”  She asked in a desperate, breathless tone, a tear falling down her face.
“Like I said before, you are someone to be remembered, Anthony.”  Tony bristled at the use of his full name.  “You are gifted with knowledge.”
“Hello, Natasha.”  Tony replied, slightly annoyed at the mistrust in her eyes.
Steve looked to be in disbelief.  “You need to return us to our home.”
They stood silently trying not to look at their former teammates who had made the journey to watch their sentence.
“Please Clint…stop please.”
“You had to be shown, didn’t you?”
“No…”  She said as gazed down at her bandaged wrists.  She tore at her dressings and cried out when she saw there was no scar…as if it never happened.  She huddled closely to the headboard when she saw the five men walk in.  She could barely contain her emotions at seeing her nightmares saunter in.  She looked down as she shook her head in despair.  She was trapped…there was no escape.  She could not even be granted death.  Hate encompassed her as she gazed up at the men.  She could not even control her fate.
Sam: when
Tony smiles at the small group of people in front of him.
Discord Link: https://discord.gg/gd4Exrg
It also meant something was up.
Tony can feel his face heating up even more. “Doesn’t change the fact I’m not going to be seeing him for the next five months. I’ll be avoiding him. Just to be on the safe side.
“I…” Tony blinks. “I don’t know how to thank you.”
“What do you care?” Tony asks, trying to be as gentle as possible.
Natasha pushes him out of the way.
Nat sighs. “Probably, but who knows.”
She finally looks at him as the surge goes through the control panel.
Discord Link: https://discord.gg/gd4Exrg
Rhodes and Sam ditched their gear as well, but unlike Tony, they have military training, so they seem to be holding up a lot better than Tony is.
"Really."
Tony picks up the suit first, and Clint quickly gets the other side.
It’s not until he’s in the middle of his shower that Tony realizes how odd it was that Bucky offered to help him.
Oh well, he’ll figure it out.
Steve: what did he say??
