They must be looking for that boring smuggler who was sneaking onto Navy vessels because they are checking every ID. "This is nonsense John, the smuggler has already left 2 weeks ago" He pulls out his ID having grown more accustomed to using to it at John's insistance.
"No more tricks Beloved, please?” Another gentle tug had John kneeling up to lift his wings away from that amorously teasing grip, fading them from reality. There was a whine as they faded. “You can have them back when you stop using them against me in intimate conversations Lovely.” In response a long leg wound about John’s hips, pulling him closer. “Care to use something John?” The shameless implication made him grin, Sherlock was demonstrative and incredibly sensual as a lover, who could refuse that?!.
John was enjoying meal prep, the Army had fed him for so long he’d forgotten how much he enjoyed the process of simply preparing a meal. A wave of anticipation washed over his wings from the passage behind him before he gave a startled yelp of pain as his injured wing stung suddenly. John turned to see Sherlock staring at him in dismay, the bastard has forced his wings to start manifesting! The wrecked plumage of John’s injured left wing was suddenly on display! John was furious, tucking his wings against his back he winced as the reflexive movement caused a sharp twinge. “That scan was inconclusive John! Your injury made you move your wings before I could study their position!” John took a deep breath and reminded himself that Love was patient and kind so he avoided Sherlock’s nose and teeth when he punched him in the face, again flinching as muscles flexed across his back, bloody manifest wings, it hurt and slowed his healing too. So he watched Sherlock think his actions through as he faded his wings back to the frequencies of Feelings.
John asks the important question. Because he doesn't read minds aka speak Holmes, so we find out...
…The Third Pip…
John’s toes curled. He lay across Sherlock’s chest with his wings spread over the mattress. He had returned from his meeting with Mycroft and Sherlock had pulled him into their room. Those clever clever fingers roamed over his wings aligning any problematic feathers and then stroking slowly as they chatted. “Will they reassign you?” “I don’t know Lovely, I just want to be right here.” He pushed his wing into the petting touch. “Why could I not touch them Beloved, when you first moved in. I know you had manifested them.” A twinge of guilt rustled though the white mass on his chest before John spoke. “I faded them, intangible, when you tried to. We'd just met and…” “I was a bit of a mess, wasn’t I. But it feels good now, doesn’t it my John?” He groaned as elegant wicked fingers gave his wing a gentle tug, the bastard.
John held on tightly to his Trouble, it was the perfect name for Sherlock really and John loved him even more for that, trouble was perfect for him. He went back to work tomorrow and would have borrow a scarf for a few days until certain things faded. The day had been flawless and he pressed a kiss into the dark curls that pressed under his chin. Sherlock’s grip would likely leave more bruises but John was fine with that. He was happy to have mementos of this day because it wasn’t often he got a day like this; with just his Sherlock, no work, or cases, or national emergencies to make him share his lover with the outside world.
After a few hours of sloth and snogging Sherlock claimed the shower while John went to toss the take away containers and make more tea. He was heading back to the bedroom with two steaming mugs when a steaming, pink, warm, and utter delicious Sherlock emerged into the passage to give him an enticing show on route into the bedroom, John decided his delicious man needed a delicious meal for the evening… Just for being so very delicious of course. “Dinner?” was met with a still nude “In bed?” and John smiled. “No, out. I want to show off tonight, a nice restaurant with stunning food where the most delicious thing there will be you” John loved to exaggerate and Sherlock would have protested but gentle kisses were being littered over his scarred back and he leaned into his husband with a sigh. “Dinner, yes but I’ll be the envied one, I have you".
John flinched as large cold hands slid into his pants and settled on his bum. He groaned at the chilly intrusion which gave a squeeze, it felt Smug. Neither of them was awake enough for sex but clearly Sherlock had decided that he wanted nudity for his birthday, John’s nudity. He lost his pants and vest in languid strokes. “Oxytocin John" was followed by something that sounded like “youreadoctor” but he wasn’t sure. OctoLock he thought with a grin as long naked limbs arranged his own naked limbs and they both settled down to sleep.
A stroll down the passage found another yellow tag on the bathroom door: “ALL YOUR CLOTHES IN THE HAMPER GORGEOUS.” Sherlock grinned as he dropped each item carefully into the hamper and showered quickly then through the last door. He was refreshed, fed, relaxed, and there was his conductor of light. John shone in the light of their bedside lamps all silverly hair and glowing golden skin. Sliding into bed his Beloved gravitated towards him, as always. A small smile settled onto Sherlock’s face because, even asleep, John pulled him closer.
John held on to Hope as those blue flames danced about his lover’s head. Nothing would save the Cupid responsible for those lights. Obsession. John felt his wings heat at the challenge, not for Sherlock’s heart! John knew that was his but for his… attention, as childish as it sounded, for his focus, that extraordinary mind. The obsession was trying to take it over.
John Watson trudged through the park, not enjoying his down time at all but he was on his way to a meeting with Mike Stamford so hopefully things would improve soon. People thought of cupids as chubby babies with bows and arrows but Cupids did more than just bring couples together. Love worked a shit load harder than just igniting the odd soul mate spark. Love healed, comforted, inspired, guarded… and Cupids where the guides and guardians of Love regardless of what form it took. Also John was bored… He wasn’t like Mike who trained Cupids at the hospital where hearts broke, died, and new ones were born, all needing Love in some form. John was a BattleCupid so wherever hearts were at war, there, for the sake of Love stood John Watson and it had nearly cost him a wing but he loved the work. It was his life. He had just returned from Afghanistan where his chances had been few but vital. The kindness shown to local children by soldiers missing their own beloved kids, the love a soldier felts when adopting a stray kitten… John was proud of those. He was a doctor, he’d taken work as a field surgeon so that when hearts ended his presence wouldn’t be questioned. All hearts had to leave with love.
The chuckles started and neither of them could stop, John wouldn’t let him forget this any time soon but for now Sherlock was happy to laugh with his friend.
John knew that everyone considered Sherlock the jealous one but people really did not observe. The man in his arms had saved his life, died for him, killed for him. He knew he was possessive of Sherlock and it was probably a bit not good but he didn’t care. They had each other and that was all that matter.
"Of course I'll be eating, you've been keeping me well fed and frankly I do believe I wull need a fitting again soon." The detective chuckled at this hoping that John had picked up on what he was implying.
Breakfast became lunch after a late start and a needy shag lead to a long shower. John did food prep as Sherlock cooked, sliding each component into the oven to stay warm. Unspoken agreement carried trays back to their bedroom. “Monday?” “Tuesday. I go back to work on Tuesday Lovely.” Variegated eyes lit up before more thoughts intruded. “On call?” “Nope" “Cases" “Greg’s known for a week.” “That’s why Molly!” “She can see right through you my Love but you could never get a read on her.” John grinned triumphantly before “Groceries!" “Ordered online for the next three days… It’s all sorted out Sherlock. Please, relax?” He took the languid kiss in response as agreement. Yes, they would relax. Just the two of them for the next three wonderful, fantastic, amazing days.
…The Fourth Pip…
John glared at the git he’d saddled himself with but it couldn’t last, Sherlock looked so sad and a little in shock. “Of course I’m here on assignment Sherlock but that doesn’t mean I don’t want to be here. I can choose you know and I chose this. How did you do that any way and needless to say if you ever do that again I’ll kill you in your sleep.” The two shared a shaky laugh before Sherlock handed the unit over. It had been carefully calibrated to function in the frequencies of Feelings. There looked to be miles of complex wiring so he reached in delicately and pulled out a handful of it, once, twice before putting the unit down the table and turning to his stricken charge. “This exposes us, Cupids. Sherlock Mycroft knows about Cupids and I imagine he warned you of them?” Sherlock nodded still a bit dumbstruck by John’s actions. “Mycroft is known among us as being heavily prejudiced, he’s made quite a few people’s lives difficult and destroyed the careers of many because he doesn’t think we can function in any responsible roles. He knows about me and I think the only reason I’m still here is because I stood up to him. He must be used to the GuideCupids and the novices at the hospital.” John gave a rueful grin but Sherlock’s face lit up.
Those strong hands have to stable grip right below and underneath his knees, his composure completely dissipated and his heart was pounding.John thrust steadily into Sherlock's body. God he was so beautiful, gasping John's name with each breath as he thrashed approaching orgasm. Watching Sherlock's lean body arch in his release so enthralled him John didn't realise his own climax was upon him till his body locked up in orgasm. Sherlock cried out the doctor's name as he felt his body go through a surging orgasm, he felt he spent go all over his thin stomach and navel. John stole the way his breath with a kiss and continued to thrust as he started to ride out his own orgasm.
"Ginger chicken, yes, with peas. Are you eating tonight... or rather you are eating tonight." He put plates on the table and started dishing up piling a few baby potatoes next to the meat. He sighed internally, these domestic moments had gotten more frequent and the words, those three words frequently edged towards his lips each time.
John smiled down at the needy mess beneath him, what a beautiful sight! He had succeeded to getting him to the pleading stage and only had minutes before the larger man would take things into his own hands so he lifted one trembling leg over his good shoulder and drove in. The answering wail of relief sent a shiver down his spine and his wings hit the air with a thump. “Oh Hello There!” Sherlock sounded far too pleased with himself as he stroked the top of one wing causing John to sway into the touch and throw his head back with a moan.
Breakfast had been followed by more sleep though John’s teeshirt had mysteriously vanished when Sherlock had pulled it off him and chucked it randomly under the bed. No protest woke them this time; simple science has proven that two bodies will move closer together. “Gravitation pull” Sherlock claimed grinning as he tucked himself more tightly around his John. “That only applies to planets ‘Lock." “You are my whole world.” John was grinning like an idiot but he didn’t care, they had been through enough to allow idiotic grins as he traced the fading network of scars on his husband’s back, reminding himself to kiss each and everyone in reply to Sherlock’s decadent attention to his shoulder yesterday.
"Caramel colouring?" John concluded glaring mildly. "You mean to tell me you dissolved official military documentation in Coke Cola" "it only took two days" sherlock quipped and John's glare failed entirely as their laughter rang through the bus.
Huffing a sigh Sherlock twirled the cloth as he entered the kitchen and flicked it playfully at John’s bum. John dodged neatly as he had become well used to his husband's boarding school antics since they got together and nodded at a few onions he was planning on prepping last. “They’re not going to dice themselves I suppose, pity” Sherlock swapped his dish cloth for the longer of the aprons on the door and got a stinging smack on his own bum as he was reaching for a knife. John’s hand settled possessively on impact warmed skin and he gave that delectable bum a squeeze before returning to seasoning the lamb. One Point to John but Sherlock recovered quite well as he diced and after he slid the onion into the pot he pressed himself against John as John was browning the meat, smearing kisses and sucking quietly at the pulse in his throat. “If dinner gets burned it’s your own fault" John stifled a groan so Sherlock wrapped his long fingers around John’s left hand to help him turn the lamb shanks, pressing kisses to John’s ears and temples instead. Broth, wine, and a medley of veggies found its way into the pot by some miracle and John made mash potatoes while Sherlock pecked kisses onto bits of John he felt needed attention, like his responsive neck, his broad shoulders, and his scar.
Their muderer was bringing the sea water in with the supplies and using it to wipe out his competition for promotion. It had been so elaborate that the slightest tug had revealed the whole set up. John had had to intervene to save the bases' General from The Posh when Sherlock had found him complicit in the murders by allowing his son to stay on the supplies shift for more than one rotation.
It took three hours.
John had tried to coax him to bed but the bomber was still out there and Sherlock couldn’t let it rest. He’d kissed his Beloved, eaten some dinner but needed to do more research so John had gone to bed alone after firm instruction to join him before midnight. He had agreed and been rather surprised when he was lifted away from the couch at half past one in the morning and gently scolded to sleep.
Mrs Hudson didn’t have a mobile phone but Sherlock couldn’t message anyone. That had been the rule all along. It was just supposed to be the two of them, but the bomber had taken John so Sherlock went to the pool, tucking John’s gun into his waist band as he raced out the door.
Raining kisses onto lips and neck and chest John eased Sherlock open. Sherlock nodded and held his leg and gasped feeling the cold lubricant and groaned as he felt the puckered entrance worked open and whimpered seeing John back up and watched intently as he saw the doctor slowly discard his clothing and Sherlock's cock twitched as he saw the other man stand before him in all his glory. John smiled at his Lovely. God he was so beautiful, flushed and open, sweetly staring. "I'm here, I've got you." Laying back down over Sherlock he started to press in,slowly, slowly feeling the incredible tightness of Sherlock's body. "Breath Love, Sherlock breath." John whispered encouragement as they panted together.
Mycroft studied the heat haze shimmering over the BattleCupid's shoulders as John strode into his office. He had requested a debrief and after hours of listening to Sherlock insult his brother John had agreed to a meeting. He knew of his reputation amongst Cupids but hoped he could at least have a civil conversation, the doctor was always the more level headed of the two of them.
Written in my sleep, I'll tidy it up soon.
John uploaded his blog post and stared into his cup of tea. Sherlock was tidying up after his experiments but Molly’s boyfriend had John confused. Jim was clearly a Cupid but there was nothing John knew about him, clearly the man had become a Cupid before John had arrived or he would surely know. Delicate fingers began to knead at his shoulders. “What are you thinking Beloved? I know Molly’s boyfriend is a Cupid, surely that means he’ll look after her?” John turned to nod at his Lovely, his eyes seemed to glow, like blue lights in his face. John shook the thought off and enjoyed his massage. “I’m sure he will Lovely, or we’ll sort him out don’t worry.”
It had happened after the serial killer cabby case. Sherlock had put one and one together and come up with - John had killed the cabby. Sherlock didn’t know what to do with this knowledge it seemed too precious to speak out loud, that John had killed to save his life. As a Cupid he functioned through feelings and Love, how could he have killed a father… What Love would allow him to do that. Hours of spinning thoughts later Sherlock deduced that John loved him! There was no other explanation. This was not just another job, his Cupid loved him so that evening Sherlock had wrapped his arms around the smaller man. “You love me, you killed him didn’t you.” John had gaped for a few seconds before he’d settled into Sherlock’s hold and just nodded. “You Love me John.” A tear leaked down Sherlock’s face but it was kissed away before gentle lips met his own, John was kissing him and if this was what love felt like he hoped it never stopped. “Oh Love's sweet Bliss, your lips.” John breathed the phrase like a prayer against his skin before climbing into his arms. Sherlock smiled as he held on tightly, marveling at the strength in John’s lightened frame. Strong arms, powerful despite their hollow bones, wrapped around his shoulders and John kept kissing him ravenously.
John raised his wings threateningly as he saw Moriarty approach Sherlock and watched those same blue lights dance over his partner’s skin, the same dangerous heat. John ignited his wings with Passion to protect Sherlock and as he stepped up behind Moriarty he saw it. Moriarty was a Cupid but his wings were a ruin of sharp quills, Obsession. It was aimed at his Sherlock but John was a BattleCupid, fighting to protect Love was their defining trait so John raised his blazing wings and began to flap a steady rhythm. The effect should have been devastating but Moriarty raised his own wings and blue points of flame burned at the tips of each sharp quill still aimed at Sherlock.
They are on a bus to Ireland because Sherlock refuses is ask Mycroft for a favour, and its now stuck at a road block. While they are waiting Sherlock observes the military staff on site are Navy, not Army and not new recruits either.
…The Pool…
. He had spent his workday wondering how to say it on this day of all days hopefully his sentiment would be welcome. Because for two years John had stopped fighting his own sentiments and had been feeling his own grief, growth and love for his Lovely madman.
Sherlock stood outside waiting for John. It was a cold evening so he had tucked Mrs Hudson into his coat and a few more GuideCupids surrounded them. Gently rustling feathers calmed him but true peace was only in the man who approached him now. John had tucked his wings and just looked exhausted. Ann took Mrs Hudson carefully from Sherlock who dashed to John’s side and wrapped around him. It was over, the obsession had been Moriarty’s doing, the man had done so much damage Sherlock knew Moriarty was gone and felt no sadness at the loss of his most challenging opponent. Just relief.
. It had been two years since John Watson had killed Moriarty in defending me.Two since the trial. He was found innocent, as in an act of protection and defense. It had been two years since John moved back into Baker Street. Two years since Sherlock Holmes officially quit smoking and nicotine patches.Two years since he gave up morphine and cocaine. Two years since he began to eat regularly and healthily to his astonishment, but with his help.To “Subside and feel the grief with John."To the detective's bewilderment he didn’t go back into the dating scene. John had said something to the fact of ‘Not wanting to make that mistake again.’ The pondering question of if Sherlock could ever tell him has arisen again. John will be home soon, Sherlock assumed he should just should stay here. in his Mind Palace.
"Yes! Thank you. God Sherlock I wanted you. And I'm yours too. Okay then I'm all yours too. Let go, it's okay." John pressed his lips to Sherlock's neck again, lost is the beautiful sounds, rich and urgent. "Its okay, my Lovely Love. I've got you."
The Connie Price case was sent to us next, I tried my hand at some investigation which went as well as expected. I made a fool of myself but at least the creepy cat seemed to like me. Sherlock had it solved after thirty minutes online along with a bit of snooping though the Home Office records. I couldn’t post that we lost the old woman, she had been so afraid.
"I was fond of pirates as a boy, used to use his bed as my ship apparently. Anyway! It stuck in his utterly unimaginative head so when it became necessary for me to have a rank he chose the navy over the army or MI6."
John got Sherlock out the flat by the simple method of tugging off his jumper and opening his wings to demand attention. He didn’t push anything from them but just gave the offer of spread plumage to his lover. “Beloved?” The quick scan was so intense John felt it against his skin. “I’ve been neglecting you my John.” Delicate fingers wove into his feathers and John sighed in relief. “Pub!” While he could still think. “Let’s hit the pub Lovely. Give us both some air?”
…The next Blog Post…
…the next day…
John woke up on the lounge floor with Mrs Hudson carding her weathered fingers through his hair. “You with me Soldier?” She quipped seeing his eyes open. John chuckled to himself then braced for the pain, there was none. He’d surely jostled his wing. Pushing himself to his knees he peered over his shoulder, he was healed. The splints held whole bones and a stable joint in place. “Surely you’ve not forgotten the power of Love little Cupid?” She continued her affections and John was grateful for the steadying effect on his heart. “Sherlock?” “Sent him for a take away, you’re going to need food John and Lots of it after that burn. He really does love you.” And as if on cue the street door opened and shut. He was just reaching for the splints and dressings when her hands stopped him firmly. “He will free your wing John. Let him" “He already did.” Pulling the elder Cupid into an embrace John smiled up as Sherlock barreled into the room, his charge, his partner, his lover.
Queen and Country seemed to be a code between the brothers as Sherlock took the case with only the usual insults to his brother and than usual token protest before piling into a cab. John had held the door with a polite "sir" in Sherlock's direction, he had wonder at coincidence.
A brain burp I had on the bus to work.
All movement stopped and that was answer enough. "Its okay, we'll take it easy, gently." And he kissed the stilled lips as he delicately worked at Sherlock's leaking cock. It would likely be quick and he didn't want to overwhelm his Lovely partner. "J John you're t touching m my..."
The case was done and John hadn’t said a thing except a polite and perfunctory After you as they disembarked. There had been the usual round of salutes and then into a cab, the ride back to London though, was suspiciously silent.
It was the first 24 hours and John was reevaluating his mission. He’d seen Sherlock disregard people’s feelings and insult those who clearly cared about him, for Love's Sake the only person he seemed affectionate with was his landlady and no wonder, she was a Cupid too. Close to the end of her life cycle but John had felt her shake her wings in delight when Sherlock had brought him through the door and she’d offered him a cuppa Cupid to Cupid, just this once. Mycroft had also got hold of him but the man wasn’t as daunting as others claimed, not when you’ve lived in a war zone for half your life. He had stated his loyalty to his charge and his intentions to heal Sherlock’s heart before walking away from the pompous ass slowly sending drifts of peace behind him. He was unsure of how effective his injured wing was but the confrontation had happened and at least it was over.
….The Pips Start…
Fortunately for Sherlock he was his own best company for the salacious appreciation of John Watson-Holmes and John really truly did enjoy being appreciated, so he was busy chuckling to himself over the appreciation they had enjoyed on the stairs last night when a dishcloth flopped onto his grinning face. “Yes, it was a spectacular shag. You’ve been staring at the stairs for the last two minutes came here and help me instead.”
He stared down at John's firm hand which had pulled it from his pajamas. He saw John looking him over and blushed brightly after their kisses. His nether regions were rather bare unlike most men and this delighted John, he wanted to see more and John saw Sherlock gasp "I I'm a erm... V virgin but... I'm y yours."
Sherlock had never experienced such incredible endorphin rush as he did now. It was better than ever getting high and he knew what his new fix was going to be as long as John was allowing. Oxytocin, John brain noted as he collected his spent lover to his chest. There had been a quick and gentle clean up before they returned to the bed to wrap up in each other and rest. Sleep, perchance to dream.
He felt Sherlock shudder and got them both moving.
Once safely back in Baker street John turned to Sherlock. "You outrank me Commander, and you’ve left me to pull rank this whole time". "It was Mycroft's idea" Sherlock explained, "an honoury rank in case I ever needed it". "Which you never did what with me around" John finished for him.
“John! John!” Sherlock raced upstairs where John was making some post-case tea with a lot of brandy. He stared at John, wings still held low and a small sob escaped him. ”How can you not know?!” Looping his arms around John’s trim waist he held on until the white wings popped into true intangibility. “Know what, you lunatic?” John shifted in his arms, he was always uncomfortable when his wings started manifesting. “That I love you, John I love you.” And with perfect faith in that Love he reached up and sank his fingers into John’s feathers, cloth ripped as the wings became reality. His Cupid collapsed with a groan shaking against him as Sherlock eased his fingers through the softness. They brightened at his touch, glowing brighter and warmer until Sherlock couldn’t touch them, couldn’t see anything in their light. He cried out as John dropped from his arms to the floor but Mrs Hudson held him back. She had dashed upstairs when John’s wings had started to warm and with astonishing authority she told Sherlock not to touch his burning partner until the light faded.
John grinned at Sherlock’s empty bowl, he had no idea how the ritual had started, maybe it was the endless focus on evidence and proofs but whenever Sherlock finished a meal John would be presented with his empty dish as if for approval. He was glad Sherlock seemed occupied as he needed to see to his wing, upstairs, in his room, far away from curious geniuses.
Sherlock held onto the wing, planted his foot and pulled John over as he rocked into the touch. John gave a sharp cry at the shocking sensation, yanking the wing against his body he curled around it before fading them and lying back as a tremor ran through him. “Oh Beloved! Oh my Beloved I’m so sorry!” Sherlock eased himself off of the startled Cupid and held him close. “I was too rough, I’m sorry John.” “It’s alright Sherlock, bit of a shock is all.” They finished up in a tender embrace Sherlock wrapped a leg over John’s hips and held on as John rocked slowing into him, bringing them both off with breathless gasps.
He was rereading everything by an ascending order of distance from central London when the pink phone went off at last! Not ringing, no pips just one short video. John. Hands bound, a bit bashed up and standing on the very edge of the swimming pool Carl Powers had died in. John, wearing enough semtex to level half of London… his John, and he looked demented with rage.
Chuckling breathlessly they smiled at each other until a loud gurgle from Sherlock's belly set them laughing. John pecked a few more kisses onto those gloriously flushed cheeks then loaded a fork with chicken and brought it to those perfect lips.Sherlock scooted closer and climbed nervously into John's lap and looked at him as if to ask if it was okay. He gulped and noticed John's smile and when he saw the doctor holding the food he blushed even more rosey and cutely. He gushed and looked like a rather timid teenager but slowly opened his mouth for the other man to feed him and he took a bite. He moaned in delight and saw John watching him in wonder and he took a drink of the wine. He gulped after and felt those strong hands, the rough fingertips against his smooth neck near his Adam's Apple. Slowly carefully John got a few more morsels down that pale throat, watching Sherlock just swallow was turning him on. Fingers held a sauce drenched potato to his own lips and he ate it slowly licking sauce off those delicate musician's fingers.
Mrs Hudson had made a quiet retreat as Sherlock unwrapped John’s beautiful wing, easing the splints away and carefully aligning bent feathers until a quiet moan caught his attention. John was clinging to Sherlock’s shoulder with his red face hidden under his other wing. “Like that do you?” Sherlock stroked the other wing away gently. John climbed into Sherlock’s lap, still red-faced and groaned. “Lovely, I can’t explain how good that feels. Please don’t stop.” Scooping his Beloved into his arms Sherlock carried the Cupid to their bed remembering the moment they had first gone to bed together. It felt like yesterday that he had laid John onto his duvet only to have a very satisfied Soldier flip him onto his back and pin him. “Love you so much and I know you struggle with it. Sherlock, may I have you? May I show you? Please?” John had been heartbreakingly gentle with him. But this time John needed to be reassured and Sherlock was going to see to it that he knew, without a doubt that he was loved.
"What is the occasion?" the detective smiled as he poured himself and his doctor both the class of the rich dark red liquid which had a beautiful aroma as soon as it hit the air.
Sherlock kissed John desperately as he felt hard muscles in the body beneath him lock up. “Yes, my Beloved, yes. For me please .” He gasped out between kisses. He wanted to watch John climax, knowing he had brought his lover to the heights of pleasure. John writhed beneath him as he came, wings intangible but thrashing with John’s limbs. Sherlock groaned his release into John’s damp skin. “Like fucking teenagers." John gasped into his ear. “Clothes ruined, for Love's sake you’ll be death of me. Please, please.” Holding his Beloved close he gave them a few minutes to catch their breath before towing John to the bathroom to clean up the glorious mess.
He draped both of the legs on offer around his waist and leaned over a suspiciously pliant genius. “I know you’re planning something.” “But you can enjoy me while you figure it out.” That went straight to John’s groin, no point in denying it. Sherlock squeezed and a plush bum brushed John’s now very interested erection. “Distracting me.” “Well it is working. Leave the deductions to me John." Sweet lips claimed John’s mouth as Sherlock sat up into his lap. “Please Beloved?” John was doomed so he surrendered and slid his hands down to pull at Sherlock’s pants.
More fluff! It's Sherlock's birthday so John arranged a surprise.
Sherlock was basking in the heat of John’s gaze as those clever surgeon's hands smoothed his lapels before sliding around his waist to, once again, settle possessively on his bum. John started as the taxi buzzed Sherlock’s phone and his own happily groping hand. “We should definitely leave now ‘Lockie or we won’t get out of this room.” John groaned into his lover's silken chest. “Having Dinner first are we?” Sherlock was still grinning when John towed him to the taxi and he was grateful John was a smaller man or he would have just hoisted “Trouble!” over his shoulder, maybe he still would.
John watched Sherlock and the lights approach him, staring at his wings. “Bed, yes, bed. Lovely idea my Lovely.” The lights faded as they touched and John felt relieved as the lines of tension is Sherlock’s face faded with the flames. "Bed" Sherlock rumbled in his ear as agile fingers discarded John’s jumper, shirt, and vest, John found himself being herded towards the room and had Absolutely no objections.
Sherlock panics for a second and only the low chuckle rumbling through John's chest keeps him from refusing out right. John can help him with procedure if he finds it so funny. "Captain Watson would you accompany me"
Back on their bus John's smirk returns, "are you ever going to read those manuals Mycroft sent you?" "No, substandard paper John, they dissolved far too quickly in a solution of phosphoric acid, sucrose, and caffeine" was the quick reply as Sherlock's ears reddened.
“It’s an interesting case John.” “I’m a BattleCupid Mike, just because I got shot doesn’t make me a baby sitter, how at war can one man be. It’ll be a few weeks of couple’s therapy and he will have her back, right as rain.” “John.” Mike said patiently for the third time. “He’s at war. His heart is at war with his mind and his body. His soul is shutting down John. He is trying desperately not to let himself feel, let alone be loved. He’s just out of rehab, uppers so his heart has physically been under strain and there’s been so much nonsense from his childhood.” Mike pursed his lips. “Mike how bad can it be?” John chuckled at the strained look, it didn’t suit the GuideCupid who was an endless fount of patience and of course Love. “He’s Mycroft Holmes’ brother.” John and Mike exchanged a look. Mycroft Holmes had waged a quiet campaign against Cupids in the government, claiming their emotional focus was illogical and ill suited to serious work. Very few people knew of Cupids as they blended in well but Love Save the man or woman who was caught out by Mycroft because they always lost credibility. “So, not a babysitter then?” “No John not a babysitter but there’s a heart that needs to be saved. Okay?”
The next afternoon there had been no activity on the phone and John wasn’t due home from work for ages. Sherlock had tried to set up an evidence wall but there was just too much so he had set the files on the floor and paged through each again and again. He’d texted John to bring dinner as Mrs Hudson had a bridge evening. John had said he’d be at the pub for a bit so he reshuffled the files from chronological order to monetary values and started reading again.
The mood shattered though when snow white wings began to manifest, unfurled from John’s back causing him to start at the sudden pain. Sherlock froze at the aborted cry remembering the BattleCupid’s abrupt response to the last bought of wing pain which had been brought on by Sherlock and his scanner. John blinked at Sherlock’s stilled face. “No, no Lovely, I won’t hurt you. I’m so sorry I reacted like that, I’ll never harm you again my LovelyLove.” John stroked his curls as he spoke and the frisson it sent down Sherlock’s spine was instantly addicting as he carried his Cupid to what was would hopefully be their bedroom. John loved him and it felt extraordinary.
John woke late the next morning with a bed-octopus curled sweetly around him, he would never figure out how Sherlock grew extra limbs in his sleep but every one of them would be wound around him by morning. “Happy Birthday Husband” A scratchy groan answered his whispered greeting. John wriggled closer somehow. “Happy staycation Lovely.” “Beloved, my Beloved.” John waited for the rest of Sherlock’s sentence but it never came, those fascinating eyes slid shut and Sherlock drifted back to sleep.
Less amused to have to participate but knowing Sherlock has no clue what to do John stands with a mild "of course, yes sir"  and they trudge up the lines to sort things out. John whispering instructions to Sherlock as they go through the necessary.
“Stop congratulating yourself John” He could hear John’s thoughts applauding themselves and he just wanted to sleep. It was his Birthday and he had his Beloved. He just needed…
I couldn’t post that the bomber had taken a child, we didn’t even know ourselves until the literal last minute. We got a stretch of the Thames which happened to have a dead gallery attendant laid out on it. Things got confusing after that, a woman was killed at the planetarium after phoning our victim, who was a casual astronomer. Sherlock, it appears has a network of the homeless in London who are his eyes and ears, it would seem some people will always be underestimated but Sherlock sees the value of the unseen. We almost got killed by a seven foot tall lunatic but Sherlock solved it in the nick of time.
While investigating a murder on a military vessel as a debt repayed to Mycroft their liason, a lieutenant, is slowing things down just to get under the little Army Captain's skin. Sherlock finally gets fed up and with a roll of his eyes, extracts his military ID and shoves it under the twit's nose.
John felt an ache in his injured shoulder, the bullet had fucked things up and the therapy for the arm still took the wind out of him. Worse still was his wing. The bullet had ripped through bone, muscle, and tendons but it shouldn’t have been able to shatter his wing. It shouldn’t have been able to touch it. The damage had mystified the MediCupids back home and the phrase “Caring is not an advantage” had actually passed his own lips. He quickly suppressed a shudder because that hurt it too… Had he been too close, had he bonded too strongly, deeply with his team. John scowled at the pavement as he considered his lost men. He had been their Captain, their doctor and he was supposed to be close to them. And James, James Sholto's disgrace and his resultant withdrawal from the world and even from John had done it’s own damage but he shook off the depressing thoughts before they could spread. He had loved his CO, against good advice and almost against his will. But the damage was done and now he had to just deal with it.
"They drowned Sherlock, that's got to be an 8 at least" "people drown all the time John, it's Boring". "In sea water Sherlock, in Northampton" they were reviewing the case files, well John was, Sherlock was staring out the window feigning boredom but the twitch of his lip belied his indifference and they were both soon sputtering repressed giggles as they left the city limits.
*some formatting done*
…The Second Pip…
Martha Hudson smiled as she let a rather nervous looking Sherlock into her flat, he looked excited but also like he was waiting for the sky to fall in on him so she made tea and left him a bit of silence to fill. “I hurt John!” He blurted out before explaining about his silly contraption and the mess of John’s feathers. “Our wings are emotions dear, ours and those we are charged with. Your John is a BattleCupid and he’s taken some damage but they’re an odd lot really, I was a Guide like Mike. John will heal, that man’s soul always chooses Cupid, every chance it gets. No telling how bad the damage is but maybe that’s why he’s here… He needs to heal Sherlock and so do you. Now that brother of yours is going to try and cause our poor John more problems so you’d best look after him!” Sherlock explained the confrontation with a wicked grin. Low and behold, Love's Bliss it would seem John set a tick in Mycroft’s ear! She heard Sherlock give a reactionary chuckle as her wings shivered in delight. John Watson was clearly the right choice.
Sherlock was watching John watch him dress when an idea came to his mind, reaching into the back of his cupboard he pulled out the satin jacket he had worn at Christmas and changed out his white shirt for a charcoal one of a slightly higher silk blend.
The next post was just an abandoned car, covered in blood. It was found quickly and solved even faster. A rental company offering a side service, a whole new life like witness protection or maybe witless protection as Sherlock caught them out within five minutes. So that was the company owner, the wife, and the disappeared husband all in it together. Sherlock’s quit smoking at last. Still no posts to the public about the Bomber but I think he gave Sherlock a hint on this puzzle. We’re trying to avoid public panic but I still think they need to be told at some stage.
Sherlock blinked and it was in that moment he felt the heated flush from the blush rising to his cheeks. He was worried John would see if he was able to see some things in the candle light. Perhaps this could be an advantage? He silently prayed. Roses bloomed across Sherlock's cheekbones and he fell in love All over again. He felt his own face heat in response. John was unwilling to loose this moment, it was too delicate to seize but maybe he could embrace it.He moved carefully beside the blushing man, lay a hand on the silken chest and carefully, carefully pressed his lips to Sherlock's mouth.
"Suits you, Navy is usually a bunch of posh toffs anyway." There was an inelegant snort from across the room. "Dead useful though, us covering 2 branches of the armed forces instead of one. Gonna keep it?"
His lover's voice ran like velvet down his spine and John felt his toes curling as Sherlock linked their hands and pulled him into the lazy circles of a dance, naked in the living room. John was grateful for curtains, locks, and the beautiful mad crazy amazing man in his arms. “Starving" He breathed into Sherlock’s ear as his song wound down. “Clothes” Sherlock quipped and they both burst out laughing before Mrs Hudson called a greeting which sent them dashing back to the room.
Sherlock watched the display with interest, reading John’s condition in Mrs Hudson’s features and her fatigue in John. “Anaemic” John sighed and gathered his wings. “I’ll bring you some iron tablets from work tomorrow, easily done.” Sherlock smiled at his wonderful John, hugged his Hudders and followed his Beloved upstairs.
Two years, John mused at the mop of curls snoring on the couch. Two years watching Sherlock slowly heal, and grow, and...
*betad A Bit*
Now that Sherlock could touch his wings John was in awe of Love. Sherlock’s love and adoration flooded John’s heart as those long musician’s hands played Fortissimo a melody of Love, desire, protectiveness and lust through his quivering plumage. His shirt was a lost cause after that first physical touch so he tore at the split fabric but as his lover’s hands moved over his newly bared skin John whined involuntarily at the loss of wing contact. “Shhhhhhh, Beloved. I’m here, I’ve got you.” Delicate fingers returned to their petting and a steady grind built delicious friction between their cocks. This was going to be over too quickly and John barely had time to think of the noise they were making. Sherlock lay beneath him and John pulled his shirt off as the pleasure grew. A loud moan and heavy thud from next door made John realise he had been flapping his wing gently in time with his thrusts so he dematerialised them only to be rolled onto his back seconds later by a very determined Sherlock. “Love you, so much John. Love you.”
"Bed, okay? We don't have to do too much Lock. Just come to bed, let me see you."
Sherlock caught John grinning over his mug and threw him a stern look. His mother had a few pictures of a tricorn hat perched on dark curls but there was no way John would get to see those.
Sherlock felt his clothing being peeled away and soon found himself lying on the doctor's bed completely stark naked; his pale body contrast against the sheets, his body completely bare as in no his body except for the top of his head looking like a complete twink to John, he looked rather scared but ready very much so. John smiled gently as he could not keep his hands of the soft skin beneath them. Could not keep his mouth off the soft skin beneath him. Lost in it all he felt a fumbling ay his shirt. "John, John, can I touch you?" "Yes, of course."
"Hello John. What's for dinner?" He sat on the counter and observed John bustling about in the kitchen which made him jusy stop and watch in deep thought of a wishful future.
He gasped and kissed him passionately and they started rocking together in an exhilarating act of love making. Hearing Sherlock's usual baritone so breathless, his hot breath fluttering against John's skin, John drove in again and again chasing the voice, and the heat, and the way this controlled reserved man was falling apart in his arms.Sherlock threw his head back in ecstasy and felt his breath taken away. He was digging his nails into the strong Army doctors back, he felt his body going through things it never had before. He found himself calling the other man's name again and again with each thrust.
Finding a job on the other hand was not so peaceful, his PTSD diagnosis had somehow found it’s way into his public records. No A&E in London would take him on now and the only place he found was a small family clinic run by a mildly apologetic woman. Well of course he was overqualified! John was made for combat not stuffy noses and aching knees. His frustrated venting to Sherlock yielded a shocking phone call between the brothers, Sherlock was furious that Mycroft had violated his Cupid’s medical privacy and no, he was not really pleased to have John at his beck and call for all but three days of the week. Sherlock fumed, silently for once, as John forbid him from further confrontation with his sibling, things could get worse. John had seen it happen before and at least it gave him time to work on his blog. Ella, not a Cupid but a competent professional, had advised him to blog about his experiences so he did…….
John knew he’d been found out when Mrs Hudson intercepted him at the door after work. “What’s waving your wings Watson? Something’s bothering you John, you know you can’t hide it from me.” She’d had the good grace not to smack him but John could see it in her eyes. “Obsession.” It was a dark word amongst Cupids, Love had so much power but it could be corrupted. “Sherlock gets fixated on cases John, you know that. Don’t go looking for a fight that’s not there.” “I saw blue fires in his eyes the other day, thought it was a trick of the light but it’s there. And it’s not mine.” Mrs Hudson studied him gravely, as a BattleCupid he would be called to fight Obsession's blue flames anyway but someone was targeting Sherlock, and he couldn’t even tell his partner what was happening. “Love save us. Why don’t you two get out this evening? Get him away from the case and if he’s around other Cupids he’ll be safe.” “Unless one of the pub crowd are targeting him.” That did get John a smack. “Those are your friends and comrades John Watson.” She chased him to the stairs. “Bloody paranoid BattleCupids."
John had been offered early retirement. Mrs Hudson had explained that his injury had been instrumental in new war zone protocols and his work with Sherlock had been exemplary. The council had made the offer and John had accepted. Mrs Hudson had slyly suggested he was happiest with Sherlock and might remain in London, explaining to Sherlock that he now had to attend monthly meetings but that he could in fact stay had been one of the best days of his life! Sherlock had been beside himself at the thought that John might be reassigned.
John had planned to make breakfast in bed for him but Sherlock would wake up if he left and it’s not like they were going anywhere. His plan had worked so he decided to enjoy it. Mrs Hudson was safely to her sister, Greg had been in on it since last week as he was one of few people John knew who could hide anything from Sherlock. Molly had agreed to refuse all sample requests for a fortnight and Mycroft, Mycroft Holmes had actually proposed the media blackout when John approached him. There would be Nothing to distract them for the next three days.
Thank you for the comments and kudos! I Never thought this would be so well recieved. So here's a chapter 2. Not betad or Brit picked.
Mrs Hudson was clearly not impressed, she had told him not fuss and now had an anxious BattleCupid in her lounge with nothing to fight. “Mrs Hudson please, Sherlock was only concerned.” Sherlock was conveniently studying the floor. “You don’t have to come to the surgery. Fatigue and bruising, it could be a number of things.” John’s wings were intangible but visible, locked low and open in invitation. Best get it over with. Returning the gesture wing met with wing and their frequencies communicated. John was clearly under stress and missing his partner, she would have to tell Sherlock to see that his Cupid got more affection.
Sherlock studied his new flatmate, clearly a Cupid like Mrs Hudson but was John on assignment or just looking for a place to stay. Sherlock’s mind coiled in on itself, he didn’t need fixing and Mrs Hudson had been the only one whose help he had accepted; when he had just returned from rehab and felt so overwhelmingly lonely. The heart support she had given by wrapping him in rarely manifested wings, it had hurt to feel so much but he had been able to breath again after a few hours. She loved him like a mother and the memory still made his eyes burn before he could shove it back down. John however just trotted about seeming quite content or was it Sherlock who was content to have the army doctor beside him and always just one pace behind him when he raced through London. Sherlock suspected that John might be causing his contentment and he couldn’t figure out why it bothered him so much that John might be here on assignment, might not actually just be here for him. The state and position of John’s wings would tell him so he snuck off to his room to fetch the sonar scanner he had doctored, it was all a question of frequencies and his field tests had been successful so far. The sonar’s pulse shifted the molecules in the wings from the invisible frequency of Feelings to the frequencies of visible light. There were at least seven other Cupids in the area apart from Mike Stamford and Hudders. The scan seemed to have some noticeable affect on the subject but John was distracted by preparing supper, so just a quick check wouldn’t do any harm.
Sherlock was collecting some fresh scones from Mrs Hudson for their latest success when he decided to ask the vital question. “Mrs Hudson, do you think John is healing? I mean his wings have been drooping for days now. He always has them out too, intangible like you said, which he never used to and they always look, well sad. Even when he smiles. I don’t know how to heal a Cupid…” Sherlock's rambling trailed off at the bright smile on her face. “Sherlock, you can see John’s wings all the time now? Even when he doesn’t manifest them. You love him don’t you... That’s why you can see them.” Sherlock felt his heart race, his face fell slack at the shock. “Yes, I love him! But how does that help his wings?”
Sherlock exhaled and ignored his flushed ears, Lestrade was watching so he needed to be calm. This would go smoothly: evidence, deduction, tedious explanation, home to John! He flew through the gore strewn room. 3 dead, but 2 killers! Oh God sentiment. “They were going to kill her husband and run away together but she had second thoughts so he kills her in a panic, the husband then kills the lover for killing his wife and dies from the injuries the murderous lover gave him. BORING! I have better places to be Lestrade. The evidence is in their phones, don’t call me!” His hasty exit made him miss how Greg grinned at his retreating back.
Following him down he lay his weight gently against Sherlock's side and long arms wrapped around him as they kissed, and kissed. Sherlock bit his lower lip feeling a hand inch closer to his nether regions which was absolutely closer than anyone ever had touched him beforeband he nodded turning bright pink. He felt stupidly in love with his best friend but couldn't believe he was truly telling him in action and these same feelings in turn were reciprocated. It was a bloody miracle. Felt like Christmas. John kissed the thundering pulse in that perfect pale neck. "Sherlock, have you done this before?"
A gift fix for my dear one chained-to-the-mirror on Tumblr
Job done and report sent off, by John as Sherlock was happy to make his brother wait, John had to wonder again about spy bugs and code phrases and how he might be living in a spy novel with the madman, Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock had linked the pink phone to his laptop in the kitchen but John’s brooding was distracting him. There must be something going on, John just didn’t sulk. The phone was stubborn anyway as he’d been trying for… seven hours! That explained the sulking Doctor in the lounge. “John? Beloved?” He didn’t want to admit he was reluctant to give up for the day but it was night, John had work the next day and his wings were oddly bright. Sherlock Holmes knew how to relax his Cupid though. “John, let’s go to bed.”
John breathed a sigh of relief at Sherlock’s appalled expression. Clearly he had more respect for the elderly lady than he did for strangers and John opened his mouth to say something but just wasn’t sure what. They both stood with mouths full of teeth in the kitchen for an endless moment before Sherlock moved to sit down. John returned to making dinner and felt Sherlock’s anxiety but waited for him to talk. While he slowly added ingredients to the pot Sherlock explained his drug addiction, the rehab, and Mrs Hudson’s hours of heart 1st aid on his first night in Baker street. John nodded quietly and kept stirring as Sherlock seemed determined to explain himself to the table top. “I’m glad she was here, sorry I couldn’t be here sooner. She’s retired as I’m sure you already know. Retirees aren’t as strong as active Cupids but they provide guidance and form the Council. Our governing body” Sherlock nodded at the table again and John slid a bowl of soup into his line of sight.
(See the end of the chapter for
John had taken a few days to adjust to his wing kit in a shared space. He’d been given the thing at the hospital, combs, splints, and ointments and while Sherlock’s offer to assist him was sincere he knew the mad scientist also wanted to get his hands on his feathers. He dutifully manifested them each evening to check the healing and change dressings which was in fact easier to do in proper lighting. Sherlock had busted in on him during their first month together but his inability to physically touch John’s wings had lead to a sulk, John’s explanation that the touch required Love didn’t help things either so John had been left in peace thereafter.
“We can’t just stay in bed Lovely, we need to collect" But Sherlock was rummaging through his bedside table and slapped a few pounds down before reclaiming his husband. “Delivery to the bedroom. You utterly wonderful nutter!" One Point to Sherlock and sure enough about 15 minutes and a fair bit of snogging later Speedys senior waiter popped into their bedroom over Mrs Hudson's scolding, dropped a few boxes and collected a large tip. Grinning at his lunatic husband as Sherlock unpacked a truly enormous order John had to agree with their landlady, it wasn’t decent at all but a good English fry up didn’t need decency it just needed… “Tea for you John" And a hot polystyrene cup was pressed to his hands, English breakfast. Perfect. “You are perfect you madman, just perfect" John announced tucking in.
After two logical arguments; one Sherlock's, the other John's and one lengthy sulk, all Sherlock's. It was agreed that Sherlock's rank would be used on all military bases as it would be the most efficient and was also slightly more intimidating.
Once they got to their destination Sherlock had flashed his ID at the corporal on the gate and then said bugger all. John took over with barely an eye roll and the corporal gave Sherlock a polite "Sir" before turning toward the base offices.
John took his time and seemed to take perverse delight in slowly things down after Sherlock had so helpfully rid them of their clothes. “Please Beloved.” He panted as John had prepped him carefully, eased into him delicately and was now gently rocking into him, right against his prostate. It was amazingly stimulating and John just steadily kept going. “Fuck meeeeeee.” He was whining now and had started to scratch at John’s neck and shoulders for leverage.
*tidied up at long last*
“Nope" A long arm insistently claimed John’s hips as they shifted off the bed the next morning. “Loo" The arm unlatched itself retreating under the covers. “Mine" A deep voice rumbled back as he made his way to do the necessary, returning he deposited an extra blanket on the pile and let himself be wrapped up by those insistent limbs. There all yours” John whispered into dark curls and Sherlock almost purred. John is not working today and Sherlock has just closed a lucrative private case so they silently agreed to spend the day in bed although a protest roused them just after 11am. John's tummy was missing the usually timely breakfast it enjoyed and was subsequently making some demands known. “Speedys” Sherlock mumbled while his own belly rallied to Johns’ cries and one arm claimed John, this time before he could even shift in the bed, while the other hand texted. John’s voice was protesting now.
At Mycroft's insistance Sherlock has a military rank, with the Navy for his pirate little brother, rather have it and not need it Mycroft had entoned. John does not know about this, Sherlock has never needed it with an Army Captain at his side who is only too happy to pull rank.
The next post was a cold case. It had arrived on a pink phone that was addressed to Sherlock and delivered by Lestrade via a bomb that had shattered the peace of a Sunday morning. Sherlock figured out that young Carl Powers had been poisoned years ago but his attempts to solve the murder had gone largely ignored as he was only twelve at the time. I couldn’t post about the bomber because it's an ongoing investigation. But Carl’s family have closure and Sherlock had brilliantly saved the day.
The Blind Banker was next, I told the tale of Chinese smugglers but left out nearly getting my employer killed. I may have also omitted sending drifts of fear into our captors. It was just a few feathers push and I certainly had plenty fear to spare. Sherlock showed up to save the day just in time and stayed to comfort rather than chase the bad guys. I was so proud of him.
Getting a recalcitrant Sherlock to dress is a nigh impossible mission. He will always delay, no options, arguments will be started to avoid dressing. Undressing a eager Sherlock isn’t necessary, those huge hands slid over John’s and tore the cotton briefs away. “Very distracting.” A shudder rippled through John and his wings nearly manifested in the arousal between them as the same hands groped his bum before relieving him of his own pants. Sherlock growled into a kiss as he held fast to John’s shoulders before lying down again.
Sherlock had been working on his blog in bed that afternoon when a smooth tenor tickled his ear from the bathroom.
Something in John's gut burned at that look, supplication, Sherlock seemed to be pleading and John only had one response in this instance. "Easy Lovely, I've got you." Stroking Sherlock's long leg he lifted his knee and gave it a small kiss. "Keep that there okay." He took the whimper as agreement and pulled a tube of lube out of the bedside drawer.
"Commander Holmes, Sir! We could use your help up front please sir, procedure needs a Commander or a Captain and neither of ours have arrived"
Sherlock is asked for help but finds himself out of his depth.
“She’s in pain, and a Cupid, and you’re a doctor, and a Cupid… Why aren’t you a MediCupid John? You would be able to help.” “Sherlock, we don’t choose our essential natures that’s just who we are okay? And please explain, who is in pain” Sherlock was doing his Brain-Off line blinking so John sat down and thought… “Mrs Hudson.” The blinking stopped. “Mrs Hudson is in pain, how do you know? Why haven’t you told me!” “I’m observant and I’m telling you now!” “Well…” “I popped down to say hello and maybe collect some scones when I noticed she was leaning on the counter, she never leans on anything and there’s bruising on her arms John. She told me not to fuss but something is wrong.” John felt a fond smile try to come out. If Sherlock cared it was with all his heart and John felt his own wings drop in response to the stress and misery radiating off his so called sociopath. “I’ll… We can go look in on her okay? That way we can share the scolding.” He pulled Sherlock to his feet and just held onto him for a bit before they went down stairs.
Sherlock had emailed Mycroft a report during their trip home including the phrase, I needed it and now John knows. There had been no reply but he hadn't expected one, passive aggressive might be his brother's second language but stilted silence would always be his first.
Mike sat on the bench waiting for John, he rustled his immaterial wings, excited to introduce him to his next potential charge. He knew the BattleCupid had been injured and while Cupids didn’t fly, a wing out of commission was uncomfortable. Cupid wings weren’t for flight, they were made of emotion. Beating wings could blow away foul moods, delicately shiver up joy, and feathers could slowly stroke smoldering lust to Passion’s blaze. He explained all this ad-nauseam to his new recruits when they found out that they couldn’t fly and would stir up a hysterical crowd trying. As each student knew, having made the choice, a soul could become a Cupid and help others for the span of one human life time but Only every three hundred years then it was back to the reincarnation pool. They would know all about their own kind only from the time of their arrival and would keep that knowledge just for the life cycle or the burden would grow too great. Poor John was not even half way through his service and his retirement looked likely. Hopefully this next post would lift his mood...
Sherlock dropped to his knees beside John and put a large take away on the table, Indian by the smell of it. John’s favourite. “John, are you okay Beloved?” Sherlock's concern waved over John’s mind with that word of affection and without a second thought he extended his bound wing to the man who loved him.
Sherlock made a stiffled sound that was a cross between a gasp and a startle. He gasped slightly and felt his mouth go agape, at this he felt John slide his tongue into his mouth and their tongues started to dance around in a sort of battle for dominance it seemed. John quickly won and Sherlock readily submitted and let out a distinctive whimper.
John was singing to himself when a violin caught his attention, the Strad! His mad husband was in the passage accompanying his impromptu solo, finishing up quickly he shut down the water and opened the door. Yes, there was a dressing-gowned but otherwise naked Sherlock swaying his way through the melody of the chorus. He led them to the lounge and John followed his pied piper without a thought to wet floors or anything else really, the music wound to a close with the chorus and a then panther purred in his ear
