“Sherlock, sorry, but we have to go,” said John. Anna opened her eyes and observed him over Sherlock’s shoulder, his face tight and strained, but raw in some way, as if he was watching something forbidden but didn’t want to stop. His eyes locked on hers and he made what appeared to be an attempt at a reassuring smile. It sent an odd little thrill up her back.
“I didn’t know you liked music,” Anna had said, staring up at the ceiling. Her bloated stomach gurgled obnoxiously.
, he thought at him. He felt sorry for the man, he remembered how it was when their roles were reversed and Sherlock revealed that he was alive. John had felt like it was an intrusion in his life—he’d finally moved on, found someone new to spend his days with, found comfort in the routine of his job at the surgery—and then
Mycroft held up a hand. “He wasn’t helping anybody, least of all John Watson. John decided that he was above the law, that he could take justice into his own hands… The helpful thing to do would have been to stop him.”
John tried, and failed, to understand. “Okay, so… the key. You’re saying that… that that’s what she’s been after? This whole bloody time?” His eyebrows pointed at the ceiling. “How the hell did you figure that out?”
who should have said something! Mr. ‘Love is the greatest human weakness.’ What would have been the point of me confessing my feelings to a man who was anti-love?”
John’s face went from crimson to white in less than a second. Sherlock was pretty sure he’d stopped breathing.
“Well, it’s working,” John told him, and with that, guided Sherlock’s dangling palm to the bulge in his trousers. Sherlock had never touched another person like this, not ever. In that moment he realized that there was something more to his celibate life than not wanting to be impaired by emotions; he was also afraid that no one would
“Of course I heard you,” Sherlock snapped. He clasped his hands behind his back, finally deciding; at least this made him
“Greg, I’m just saying they can be. I’m not asking you to do it. I’m not asking you to do anything except to get me in that room so that I can…
Mrs. Hudson’s old eyes crinkled into a smile even as her lips contorted with a sob. “Oh, John.” Anna let go of her hand as she lifted both her frail arms to him.
“You know,” said John, “that day I came over, and you told me about the raid to capture Moriarty. You were talking to Mrs. Hudson before I came in. About how you were in love with me, and content to wait until Mary and I fell apart.” He looked thoughtful for a moment. “I suppose it didn’t quite fall apart like you thought it would, but, hey… whatever works, right?”
Soon they were flying down the staircase, John reloading his gun as they went. They heard shots come from above, and Anna shrieked in surprise as Sherlock pushed them flat against the wall of the landing in front of floor four. John crouched low around the railing and fired his gun again and again toward the upper steps. “Go! I’ve got them!” he shouted, grimacing as bullets twanged on the metal bars. Sherlock stared at him, hesitating a moment, then grabbed Anna by the wrist to continue down the stairs.
. I’m on it.” He spun around and exited the room, trying to hold in his grin until they couldn’t see him anymore.
“I’m not leaving this door!” he shouted, taking another drink and trying to make sense of everything.
John looked up in surprise. “You? Help me raise a baby?” He tried to picture it, and the picture was, frankly, hilarious. He started to smile. “I’d pay to see you change a nappy. Or try to deal with her when she cries. I can hear it now—‘John! Why’s she crying? What for? Make it stop!’” He chuckled, his mind jumping to all the other scenarios they might come across. “I suppose you’d be okay with the ‘not sleeping’ thing,” he said, thoughtfully. “God, you’d probably have her doing experiments before she could talk. Solving crimes by age two. She’d grow up in the bloody morgue.” He was thoroughly amused now. He could just see it, a toddler in a long, black coat, collar all popped, the miniature version of Sherlock Holmes. Someone to teach, someone to train—Sherlock would absolutely love that, he could show off all he wanted and she’d eat it all up, hero-worship him. He’d be over the moon. Until, at least, she became— “A teenager, though. Oh, you’d have a field day when the boys started coming round. You’d scare the living shite out of them.”
John had been in cold water before but nothing that took his breath away like the frigid water of the pond. For a moment he thought he had blacked out from the shock of it but it was only because the water was so dark underneath the ice and snow where no light could get in. His clothes were very heavy and wet and when he managed to raise his head above the water to gasp they pulled him down again. At once John knew that he did not want to die himself. Not out here, not like this, in a pond of his own making. He felt for the extension cord around his waist. His hands were already numbing but he could still feel it and he pulled up on it so that he could hang on with his head above the water. The ice in front of him broke and broke but eventually he pulled himself far enough forward that he was able to get back up on the ice and climb out. The dog had stopped splashing in the water. John stood and undid the knot of the cord around his waist and walked up the path to the cabin. He did not look back.
black though and so were his boots and gloves and his hat was grey. John couldn’t see any curls poking out from underneath the hat, just a bit of hair on the nape of his neck. He wondered if Sherlock had spent time meticulously tucking them in or if his hair was shorter now. Without the curls showing his face looked more severe. Older.
Anna’s face broke as well, and she cried the tears that had already been queued up from her previous despair. But inwardly, she smiled.
Somehow (hard to believe, I know), he’d found the contradiction. I ground my teeth together in frustration. “I don’t want any of this anymore. How do I make that clear to you?” I stepped toward him, vehement. “I want you to leave. I want you to leave, and not come back, and I never want to see you again. I want to forget you ever existed. How do I make that clear?” My voice was booming now. Probably all the neighbors could hear. “I don’t want you to wait, I don’t want you to try and convince me, I don’t want it, any of it.” I was spitting, practically snarling.
Sherlock glanced up at her, then back down to the body. “No mobile reception down here, or he could have used my phone. The lab was the only option.” He extracted a thin piece of flesh from the man’s lung. “Give me somewhere to put this, would you?”
“Not just the neck, look, here. The same shape, on both sides, in almost the exact same spot. And here on the face. The cuts above the eyebrow. They’re mirror images of each other!” Anderson was getting excited, now. He moved over to the arms, which had both been severed at the elbow. “This one, here—“ he pointed to the left “—this one was cut deliberately, but this one—“ he pointed to the right “—looks like it was gashed, first. Probably in the struggle.” He looked up, at the rest of us. “Don’t you see? He evened it out. He wanted each side to be exact. He had to make each side exactly the same. He’s obsessive about it.” Anderson puffed up triumphantly. “Our killer has severe obsessive-compulsive disorder.”
talked, John had offered some barely intelligent and entirely irrelevant opinions, and I had ignored him and talked some more), but somehow the conversation degenerated into a discussion about the most recent Royal family scandal.
“I am most certainly not—“ he haughtily began, but stopped once he caught sight of Sherlock’s expression. “You can’t be serious?
“Sherlock, look at me.” John squatted in front of him, and Sherlock reluctantly met his gaze. “You’re
The waiting was the worst part. It was nearly unbearable—not even the pacing was working. Instead, Sherlock went into the kitchen, imagining John making coffee there every morning. Into the bathroom, imagining John’s toothbrush on the sink next to his, his towel hanging to dry on the rack. Into his bedroom, imagining them sharing the bed every night.
He began to circle her. “You certainly got my attention. All those people, dead! Such a gruesome way to die, too. But you don’t care about all that, do you, Anna? You are ruthless. A natural-born killer… quite like your mother,” he added.
Sherlock was out of arguments, so he resorted to stomping over to the car and slumping in the backseat.
“Well, they were in love,” said John, and then went silent, as if this was an entire proper explanation.
. He screamed endlessly, the pain blinding him, only dimly aware that Sherlock was banging on the glass in a fervor and shouting “Stop! Stop!”
In the midst of John’s retreating footsteps, Lestrade looked both ways before stepping back inside the door. He stood in the center of the hall, the gun and knife in his hands, calming his breathing.
John gave her a puzzled look and turned back to Sherlock to see if he was getting this. John couldn’t read his expression.
It starts as a tingling sensation, in my fingers and in my toes. The skin quivers with restlessness, through the palms of my hands and the bottoms of my feet, up my legs and across my arms. Before I know it, I’m levitating, up, up above the street, above buildings, above all of London. I can see for miles, to different cities, and countries, across entire oceans. I rotate in a circle around myself, peering out into the world before choosing a direction. And then I form my hands into fists and lean forward, and off I zoom with a thrill and a whoop of joy.
I’d known the frotting and mutual masturbation through our trousers and one sided blow-jobs couldn’t last forever. I was dreading the day that he’d ask to see me nude, because even if I could manage an erection, I wouldn’t be able to get off—and I wouldn’t be able to fake it, exposed in that way.
The first time, we thought we were going to drown. The second, we’d almost got our heads chopped off by an axe murderer. Ironically, near death experiences made me feel more alive than ever—alive, and wanting to experience everything that goes with it. Including sex.
“Stoppit, Sherlock.” John was looking very angry. Perfect. I felt triumphant and sick to my stomach, at once.
The sunlight shone through the crack between the blinds and the window frame, shone on John’s sandy-blond head, making his hair sparkle with golden light. Sherlock realized that it was warmer in this room, and it
“Second of all, I am not the least bit amused by any of this. But I saw an opportunity, and I took it, because I can see beyond the people in my life. The opportunity was one that Moriarty had, ironically, given me himself, when he lied about being Anna’s real father.”
“I know, I know,” Anna sighed, coming over to grab a cuppa. “I just can’t help it, sometimes. You bring it out in me.” She gave Sherlock a wry smile as she took a sip.
, to be more specific. I’m not Jim Moriarty—I’m not going to strap bombs to innocent civilians or sabotage airplanes or beat people half to death just to get my kicks—”
“How. How could you—“ John followed behind me, so angry now that he’d starting taking his typical digestive pauses between words. “
But he couldn’t control all of his dreams. For whatever reason, once in a while he’d have one that he’d get so wrapped up in, he’d forget his tricks for lucidity. Most of the time, they were nightmares, and most of the time about things from his childhood, back before he’d had control over his emotions; those deep-seated experiences that he’d tried to delete or bury but which would never fully leave him.
He stopped when he reached the edge of the Room. A couple of I-beams stood sticking out of the ground where the observation deck had been. In front should have been the thick glass chamber where John was imprisoned.
Sherlock put down his fork and met John’s glare. “No,” he said quietly. “I don’t. I don’t understand why you were kept alive for thirteen years, nor why you’ve been… returned.”
In response, Sherlock grasped John’s hair at the base of his neck and tugged, forcing his head up so that Sherlock could drive his tongue into John’s mouth. His other hand snuck its way to the small of John’s back, pulling his lower body flush with his own. Then, he reached down and used both hands to undo John’s belt buckle. “Fuck,” swore John, shocked at how quickly they were moving.
Suddenly, he reached out and took her hand. His skin was warm and smooth, and his grip strong, and Anna hadn’t held his hand since she was a little girl and he’d forced her to (against her strongly-stubborn will) whenever they were in a crowded space. He’d started doing it after he lost track of her once, when she was probably three years old—they’d gone to the zoo for the day and she was bored of looking at the sleepy lions, wanted to go back to the polar bears, and so she did. Apparently Sherlock had got distracted trying to provoke the lions into being a little more animated, and he’d turned around to find her gone.
“I understand perfectly,” Sherlock interrupted, a little peeved at the condescendence. “The difference is, I already knew you were sleeping with Mary when we… started. But she still thinks the two of you are exclusive. I’m not an idiot, John.”
“I do hope it’s a nice day for it,” said Mrs. Hudson, fretting over the gear they’d packed. “Now, did you remember her raincoat?”
John was not amused. He got up from the sofa and stomped to the refrigerator. “Head between your knees,” he called, and then he was opening cupboards, clunking glasses. I leaned forward until my chest rested on my thighs, and watched the floor moving up and down with my labored breath. Closer—farther—closer—farther—I tried to keep the floor as far away as I could for as long as possible. Deep breaths. Closer… farther… closer… farther…
John saw the faint orange flicker of the fire catching onto the kindling. He blinked at it. “You can finish the tea,” he said. Then he turned back to the counter and opened the can of soup and spooned it into the sauce pot, then put on the lid and took it over to the stove. While it heated he would use the electric burner to make the eggs. He took out a jar of butter from the refrigerator and put some into the frying pan, then took an onion from the basket next to the sink and made a mental note to take a trip to the cellar the next day to replenish his stock. He would also need to get some meat from the freezer to thaw. Now that the snows were here there would be no going in and out to the junction shop and he would have to eat the food that he’d saved all summer and fall. He’d had a good canning crop this year, it was a hot summer and the vegetables were plentiful. Canning was tedious work but in a way he loved it and loved the winter months most because in those he was completely self-sufficient.
Anna recited the name that Mycroft had given her. “Charlie Walker. He’s a guard,” she said, proudly.
John slumped forward, crying, his head falling into the crook of Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock stiffened, awkward at the intimacy of the contact, keenly aware of John’s bare torso against him. The shower still poured down, filling the room with steam.
Sherlock continued cutting into the fisherman. “Anna. What did she tell you last night? About what’s been going on with her?”
. He can’t abide the silence, Greg. He can’t. I finally got it out of him—says all he can hear is the screaming.”
“I think he likes it,” murmured Teresa, from above his head. She tightened her grip on his hair. “Come on, let’s hear how much you like it.”
don’t even trust…” He faded off. “But that was selfish of me. I should have told the police everything that happened, and dealt with the consequences later.”
, and I couldn’t stop it. I thought of how many times I’d had to force myself to try and get this far with other people, but I had never managed it. I’d never got this close. But I was getting close, now. I’d never orgasmed in front of anyone else before, but oh, Christ in heaven, I was going to with John. I was going to, into his hand, in the dim light of my bedroom, with him whispering encouragement into my ear, with him kissing my neck. His lips,
John felt something constrict in his chest. It was the tightening of panic and fear like when Sherlock had fallen through the frozen pond, but it was also something else that John could not name. He ran and made the turn around the trees, and then the thing in his chest squeezed so hard that his heart ceased to beat. He looked down the road, and stopped.
“Okay.” John let out a breath of relief. At least they were getting somewhere. “Can you stand up, for me?” He stood himself, and reached out with his open palms to help Sherlock along.
“Christ,” said John, and I blinked back from my epiphany. He was running a hand through his hair, and he paced away from me. “Fuck.” He looked absolutely miserable.
“I want you to... suck it.” It was a phrase I had learned from him. I’d always found that sort of talk too vulgar to be arousing, but with John... well. Things were different with John. He’d used it, earlier in the week, and I’d had a... let’s just say, a
I can still remember how wide her eyes had gone. A bit buggy, actually, which quite irked me as it would only serve to make getting turned on by her more difficult. “I don’t think so,” she’d said.
Suddenly, a spotlight hit the little boat and there came a roar of an engine. Anna put up a hand to shield her eyes. “
“Nobody! I made it up,” she said proudly. Anna held the fillet with one hand and the bloodied rock with the other and waited for him to praise her for the ingenious process she’d devised. She seemed un-phased by the killing and by the crying girl a few paces away.
comment began to ring about in his head. “No! No, nothing like that. We’re fine. Great. I mean, we’re great. Very much in love. Couldn’t be happier.”
Carruthers’ hands slid under Sherlock’s waist to undo his trousers. He pulled them, and Sherlock’s pants, down just below his arse—as far as they would go, with his legs splayed out like that. Sherlock felt a cold rush of air on his bum, felt the skin prickle with gooseflesh, felt himself begin to tremble. He heard the jingle of a belt and the unmistakable rip of a zip.
“You…” John finally started. “You didn’t feel anything, right?” The look on his face was unreadable, and Sherlock didn’t like that one bit.
It happened when he saw John with Mary; John had initially met him in the waiting room to show him to Mary’s new room, out of the delivery wing. When they’d gotten to the room, John left Sherlock’s side and strode over to give Mary a kiss, touch her face affectionately, and oh, it
sleeping. Suddenly, Sherlock had an urge to slide into bed next to him, settle against his back and bury his face in John’s neckline, feel him breathing, his body expanding and contracting—
I had been silent through her entire story. I didn’t particularly like hearing about Mycroft’s childhood, I knew he’d always been unfeeling but I hadn’t realized that my mother blamed herself for it. I separated my fingers and touched them back together, one by one. “So what, you’re telling me I just need to accept that I’ll never have some great purpose or legacy, beyond being just another human being?” I shook my head, trying to stay calm. “That’s not good enough. I want more.”
“This bloody waiting,” John went on. It felt good to complain, even though it wouldn’t do anything to change the situation. He leaned forward on his knees. “I can’t do it.” He took a shaky breath, and gripped the edge of the wooden seat.
? How can you be in love with someone without wanting to—“ John shook his head, apparently trying to get rid of some unwanted mental images. “That’s just… that’s just
wanted to talk, to understand what the hell had just happened, but I didn’t want him to know I was that insecure. Or stupid. John hung the towel back up on the holder and didn’t say anything for a moment. He smoothed the wrinkles in it so that it lay perfectly creased and flat.
John looked up, surprised. “It... yeah,” he said, noticing that Sherlock’s mask of emotional indifference was markedly thinner than usual. “It is, when you love someone. It hurts like fucking hell.”
Sherlock watched him silently from the bench, his back straight and his hands clasped in his lap. His narrow, grey eyes followed the doctor back and forth as he paced, but the rest of his face was very still.
“I couldn’t give you a word,” said Sherlock, upset that this thing had come back to haunt him again.
The weather report said a new storm was on the way, a bad one that would last for four days and dump snow up to his knees again. It had been in the forecast for a few days now, said the weatherman, and was expected to begin around midday. John and Sherlock were not leaving the cabin anytime soon, and John realized then that likely they would not be leaving until the end of winter. That wouldn’t be so bad, he thought. There would be someone to help him do the few chores and they had each other for company and of course, there would be lots of sex. It would be sort of nice—at least from John’s perspective. Sherlock cooped up in one place for days on end with little outlet for his mind, however, might not be so nice. They would have to discuss it after Sherlock woke up. Certainly the next four days would be a good test of whether or not staying was an option.
Immediately after it happened, Sherlock tried not to think about it. He pushed it to the back of his brain as he finished stripping off John’s wet clothes and put on new, dry ones. He kept it at the back after he lay John in his bed on his side, in case he vomited again—a lesson he’d learned in the first year of this drug addiction—and continued keeping it there as he went to his own bed, exhausted. But he didn’t delete it.
Sherlock hadn’t kissed him or said I love you in the night. He was back in London, or somewhere else for all that John knew. He had not searched for John’s daughter and he had not found her playing in a park. He had not come to the cabin with proof to ask John to come home. John’s daughter was dead. She had been shot by his wife, four years ago.
But the thing about being under water and in the cold and dark was that John’s senses were deprived and couldn’t tell if his efforts were paying off. He was running out of air and kept pushing and pushing and kicking and then suddenly he knew with certain clarity that they were both going to die. He would drown in the pond and Sherlock too and what a stupid, stupid way for them to go. It was so incredibly stupid and worthless that it was almost comical. John felt almost like laughing as his chest spasmed with the desire to breathe. He pushed and he kicked—
John put up his hands as if he were approaching a wild animal about to bolt the other direction. “Sherlock, I know this is a shock—“ He took another step, and Sherlock backed up again. “Okay,” said John. He stood still. “Okay, I’m not coming any closer.”
“I don’t care,” John spoke thickly, turning his head to one side so that his voice was clear. “Sherlock, I don’t care. I just need you.”
Anna smirked, and it was the first smile John had seen since they’d talked about their big feet in Sherlock’s hospital room. “I was going to say ‘imaginary friend,’” she said, wryly. “But by all means, tell me what you really think of yourself.”
“Of course, you’re at the intersection of—“ the friendly, forgettable pedestrian began, when Sherlock suddenly grabbed the map back and hastily gave a “thanks” as he moved to the two young women standing a few feet from John.
“Yet ‘A’, being the first letter of the alphabet, implies that the plan named after it is more likely to occur than that after the second letter, ‘B.’ Which is why Plan B should have been Plan A, as it was much more likely that Mary would double-cross us than stick to plan we gave her.”
. The reason you shot Charles Augustus Magnussen was the same reason that John and Lestrade killed Carruthers; it wasn’t to protect future victims, it was
to go!” she whined in her high-pitched, little-girl voice. Mrs. Hudson’s eyes flickered to her and back to Sherlock.
Sherlock cleared his throat, clearly out of his depth with all of this ‘feeling.’ “Well… if it helps your
There was a screech of door hinges, and Molly appeared, juggling three cups of coffee. “Ah, I see you two are looking better,” she said, brightly. “Any new developments?”
Perhaps, then, my dreams of burning alive were manifestations of the emotional withdrawals I’d gone through since that damn child was born and John had not time left for me in his life.
“The poor boy, he was ever so sensitive. He has such a big heart.” Mr. Holmes turned to John with a knowing look.
Lestrade had sighed and nodded, looking entirely reluctant in his agreement. “Alright, John. I promise.”
), slightly larger than average, resting in a dark, curly tuft of hair. It was so different from John’s bottom half, which was riddled with random patches of dark blond hair, everything about him wide and stocky, from his bum to his legs to his cock, which was just barely average in length but quite generous in girth. He would not call his own body “beautiful,” not in the least. But Sherlock’s was.
To Lestrade’s surprise, Sherlock hung his head in shame. “If the public found out that I… that I made such a careless error…” he took in a shaky breath. “No one would come to me anymore. With crimes to solve. No one would trust me anymore.
“Annalise Watson!” called the teacher. Sherlock stood up abruptly, towering over the eight-year-olds in their tiny desks. He’d pulled out his old wool overcoat from storage especially for the occasion, and the children stared at his ominous figure as he walked to the front of the room accompanied by Anna.
We both stood and headed for the loo. It wasn’t until I was watching him wash his hands and waiting for my turn that I realized I could have gone to the kitchen sink instead. I had just sort of followed him. Perhaps I was feeling an unconscious desire to be close to him. That was good, right? That’s what I was supposed to feel. Right?
John fled the window and went to the kitchen to put the kettle on. He felt nervous, flighty. Them coming here, did it mean…
John had come home earlier than usual—hadn’t gone to the pub after work. That had been his therapist’s idea. “Maybe you should lay off the drinking,” she’d said, when he’d explained to her how he’d passed out in the chair, Sherlock had come home, tried to take care of him, then, of course, how they’d kissed.
Anna smashed her lips closed to keep from laughing, with a guilty glance back to Sherlock. “Sorry. But he
While Sherlock showered John cleaned the dishes from supper and then sat in his chair and stared at the fire. He saw it needed another log so he put one in and then sat down again and rocked back and forth in the chair absentmindedly. It was the kind of chair that rocked and reclined fully and John had spent many nights asleep in it during the winter because it was next to the fire. It was where Sherlock would have to sleep tonight unless John gave him his bed. There was no sofa and John’s bed was very narrow so they wouldn’t be able to share. Not that he would want to anyway. They’d had to share a bed once while away on a case, and Sherlock had stolen all of the covers. He’d wrapped himself up in them tightly so that when John woke up freezing cold he had to grasp them with both hands and slowly pull so that Sherlock would unroll without waking. In those days it was rare for Sherlock to sleep at all and John was always trying to coax him into it, so he hadn’t wanted to wake him. If it hadn’t been so unbearably cold in the room he might have just given up on it altogether.
me, Sherlock, and I—what was I supposed to do? Tell me, what? Cry myself to sleep every night for the rest of my life? Resign myself to loneliness, knowing that I’d never find anyone else? I would have waited, Sherlock, if I’d had a word.
Sherlock’s hands left his chin and grabbed the arms of his chair. “Where did you get those?” he quizzed, pushing himself up with inhuman speed and picking up the headphones to examine them before Anna had a chance to think.
It had snowed again during the night. John knew not just from the evidence that morning but from the fact that he had seen the snow coming down for himself.
John stopped and looked up at me. He put his hands on either side of my face again, except this time, he was doing it to lock our eyes. “I know,” he said, forcefully. “But you didn’t. You couldn’t.”
The man screamed and staggered to the alley wall, staring at Anna in complete shock and horror. The scream nudged Anna out of her reverie, and she dropped the knife to grab Molly’s arm. “Come on!” she yelled and pulled her into a run.
John stared at him intently, still smiling a little, still looking a little too pleased with himself. “Say ‘please,’ Sherlock. That’s all you have to do.” He studied the tip of Sherlock’s erection, where a bit of precum had surfaced. He used the pad of his thumb to smear it around. Sherlock writhed and moaned again, marveling at how John could turn him into putty beneath his hands—it was wonderful and annoying and frightening, all at the same time.
“I don’t care about statements, Greg. I don’t care about speculation, I don’t care about testimonies.” John turned and pushed himself into the corner of the wall to muffle his voice, his mouth brushing the edge of the phone as he spoke. “Do you know how many lives Sherlock has saved? Do you know how many crimes he’s stopped, and how many more he’s prevented?” John didn’t wait for a response. “Neither do I, because there are too goddamn many to count.
This wasn’t the sort of advice I had been looking for. “You do realize you’re telling me to just give up.”
Mrs. Holmes sat thoughtfully for a moment. “I don’t remember Sherlock ever getting attached to something like that again, after what happened. I think that’s when he developed that ridiculous idea about sentiment. ‘The singular defect of the human race’ or something along those lines.”
“I’ll come over tomorrow, okay?” John promised, zipping up his trousers. “On my lunch break. We’ll talk about... we’ll talk. Okay?”
Anna choked on her last bite of pie. “What?” She immediately thought of David, and felt herself start to blush.
“I know,” John said, gently rubbing his back. “I know, but it was a dream. It wasn’t real. You’re safe, now.”
“But now they don’t belong to Mycroft anymore. They’re yours,” said Moriarty, his eyes growing impossibly darker. “Kill them, Anna. Murder them. Let it all out, I want to see everything. I want to see who you really
Sherlock didn’t respond, and John laughed. “Sorry. I should be asking what’s new with you, this is supposed to be my time away from the baby, anyway.”
Sherlock blinked, surprised. It was no secret that Molly was in love with him, but he’d assumed that she’d long ago given up on that front. She’d never once brought it up, in all those years they’d been working together, side-by-side…
In the morning John woke first and tip-toed out of bed while Sherlock was still sleeping. He tied one of the blankets around his waist and managed to grab some clothes off the floor without being too loud. He took them out to the main room and put them on. They were very cold and he tried not to think about how soiled they were. He would need to wash some of his and Sherlock’s clothes in the bath and hang them to dry in front of the fire so that they had clean ones to wear.
(Also, no offence to Pembridge Palace whatsoever, I just did a quick internet search for a cheap hotel in London that wasn't too far from Baker Street.)
Sherlock beheld her, amazed at her admission. So she hadn’t given up, in all those years, in all that time, and circumstance, and change. She still loved him and would continue to do so. “I wish I could love you the way you deserve,” he said then, honestly, his eyes not leaving her face. He wished he could give her what she wanted, he really did.
“He didn’t bloody solve it! He noticed some bruising. That’s all. They don’t even have a suspect yet. They barely have a profile.”
Sherlock’s world slowed down. Wait, what? Therapist? Because… why? Just yesterday John had told him that his way of grieving was normal. He’d only go to see a therapist if something was
, he thought, as he grabbed one and dug out some money to give to the vendor. He hoped that not all of the articles had to do with the Queen’s recent death—he couldn’t care less about all that business.
. “Well, if you’re not going to eat, why don’t you tell me where you’ve been for the last thirteen years?” he said nonchalantly, after swallowing the mouthful.
“Alright, okay,” stuttered Molly, putting a protective arm around Anna and leading her into the alley.
of it. She was the first person I’d met since you that I actually connected with, who interested me… and all of a sudden the blood was pounding in my veins again… life was
. He stood up and grabbed her knickers with one hand, pulling them the rest of the way off her legs and dropping them on the floor, and then undid his own belt and zip. Molly propped herself up on her elbows to have a look.
in the middle of raising a toddler, who puts everything she can get her hands on into her mouth. So no experiments allowed, I’m afraid.”
Sherlock’s eyes snapped open and he immediately glanced down to his crotch, where he’d felt the beginnings of an erection forming. He started to panic, uncomfortable with the whole thing. It wasn’t that he didn’t get an erection now and then, it was that he hadn’t gotten one for
“I’m going to milk the cow,” said John, and got on his snow trousers and his boots and his coat and hat and gloves.
Sherlock squeezed harder for a second before releasing his brother’s neck. Mycroft fell onto the floor, coughing and gasping. “Tell me where she is.”
John brought his hands up to Sherlock’s shirt collar as they broke their kiss. “Your shirts are too fucking tight,” he growled. He wound the fabric around his fists and pulled in opposite directions, so that the top three buttons came flying off. Sherlock felt anger pulse through his body at the ruined shirt, but channeled it into desire. This was a new game they’d begun to play, the “angry sex” game; using anger as an erotic stimulant. Sherlock suspected it was a long-standing fantasy of John’s that Mary didn’t comply with. But it was working for them both, so far.
“Oh, this is ridiculous!” John huffed, suddenly. He reached down into his trouser pocket and fished around for a second before pulling out an ornate, silver key. “Here’s the bloody thing.”
Sherlock slowly lifted himself onto his forearm and sat up, and John lamented the loss of the weight against his side. “What’re you on about?” he asked, groggily.
This story is a lot more plot-heavy than the other ones I've written and was very much a challenge for me; as such, sometimes it's convoluted, and it’s sometimes downright ridiculous. (But then again, so are many of the adventures in the Sherlock canon.) So thank you, to all of the readers who made it through until the end! I hope you all enjoyed reading as much as I enjoyed writing. <3
“Bodies? Plural?” John asked as Sherlock swiped his clothes off the floor and began to dress in a frenzy. “Sherlock—you’re not trying to go to the morgue
I peeled myself off of John’s shoulder and stood back on my own feet, not realizing until that moment how much of my weight he had been supporting. I looked down in awe at the sight of my semen spattered on his shirt, and then again as he took his hand and squeezed his own erection through his trousers.
John’s mouth had fallen open a bit, looking at them, while the young lady gave Sherlock directions and her friend kept giggling like a schoolgirl. When she was finished, Sherlock eyed John behind her.
“We just thought you should know,” she continued, ignoring his expression, “that someone should tell you. As his parents, we just want you to be… aware.” Protective now, Sherlock’s mother chose her words carefully. “To go easy on him. To be understanding.”
John stared after his disappearing figure, then at the empty couch in front of him. Its cushions were still wrinkled from where Sherlock had been sitting. His vision swam, with confusion and with his drunkenness. Somehow, not quite aware of the decision, he went to the sofa and collapsed into the leftover warmth, and turned his face toward the upholstery, and inhaled.
Anna nodded. “Yeah.” She reached around in the backseat for her cardigan and put her hand on the door handle. Then she paused and turned back. “Will you wait here?” she asked. “I still have so many more questions…”
Sherlock had planned to use the time alone to deduce. He first needed to figure out why John was alive; that was the present problem. He reasoned that if Moriarty hadn’t killed John, he certainly wouldn’t kill Anna, so Sherlock could assume her safe for the time being…
“Good,” John said. It was the first thing he’d said to Sherlock and Sherlock started a little. “Here.” John took off his deerskin gloves and offered them to him. “I’ll be in the barn when you’re finished.” He still had to give the cow her second milking and now if Sherlock would chop the wood he also had time to finish weatherizing the pipes in the barn and in the crawlspace of the house before it got too dark.
John laughed again, and then groaned and buried his face in his hands. “Any chance we could just pretend that it didn’t happen?”
,” repeated Moriarty, rounding his gaze on Anna’s blood-speckled face. He stepped beside her and kicked the blade away. “She’s good at that, has she told you? Killed those awfully boring little band members of hers, all at my instruction… or
it was. He rested inside Sherlock for a bit, settling into the sensation, and then began to slowly thrust. “God… oh my
By the time Anna was seven, she’d already started playing defense. The comments that the children repeated to her, those that they had heard their parents make, she denied them with an anger and fervor, not really understanding what they meant, but knowing that they were against her and against Sherlock.
“John!” Lestrade bellowed, and fled back to the door, throwing his whole body against it. Nothing. He backed up to the back wall, ran into the door with his full force—and finally stumbled through, just in time to see John’s arm halfway down Carruthers’ throat. “John!” Lestrade fell on him and pulled him back. “Let’s go, let’s
Mary shook her head. “Truth be told, I don’t know why he does half the things he does. The man is clinically
For all of Molly’s cleverness, she could sometimes be quite thick. “My mother had an affair,” Anna explained. “With Jim Moriarty.”
“Don’t be silly, of course it will!” she replied with a huff. “I bought while I was in Florida, those people know all about sun protection.”
“Sherlock,” said John, and bent his head to catch my eye. His hair was longer than usual, and a lock fell across his forehead and caught the light.
” sound with his mouth in an “O” and his eyes go wide with surprise. “Open up,” I say, arranging my knees on either side of his head.
“—will think I’m completely disgusting!” Anna finished for him. “‘The Biodegrading Effects of Sunlight on Inanimate Flesh?’ Sherlock, they’re going to think I’m loony if I bring rotten human fingers to school. God, the fair is in the cafeteria. Where we
John went to the left and slowly stepped out onto the ice. “You’re going to get a nice long bath when we get back, okay?” he said, taking another small step and then another. The snow was in miniature drifts over the surface so John could not see where the ice was thickest. He stepped and his heart pounded and he talked to Sherlock to keep them both calm. “A nice bath and we’ll build a fire and warm you up.”
John slicked two of his gloved fingers with petroleum jelly and used his dry hand to hold Sherlock’s cheeks apart. It was already awful, there was blood dried up the entire crack, everything was red and raw and incredibly swollen. For a moment, John didn’t think he could do it. He knew it was going to hurt, badly, and he knew that a manual examination was not going to be very productive anyway. Sherlock should go to the hospital, he really, really should.
John turned and sat on the edge of the fountain, leaning forward a bit, grasping the edges of the stone as if he were trying to anchor himself to it. Sherlock took a deep breath and moved to sit next to him.
“I was foolish,” Sherlock muttered. “I shouldn’t have gone alone. I should have realized what… I was foolish. I wanted to prove to myself that I could… that I didn’t need you, anymore.”
When the water began to feel cold John knew it was time to move on. He pushed Sherlock forward and climbed out of the tub. His head was swimming and he felt very tired. He turned around and looked at the tub. Sherlock leaned against the side of it and closed his eyes. “Can you stand?” John asked, and reached out with his hands. Sherlock opened his eyes and lifted his arms to hold them. Everything he did was slow and deliberate. He took a few deep breaths. “Ready?” said John and Sherlock nodded.
“Right,” John said. He cleared his throat. “Sherlock’s kicked me out of the flat. So I'm in need of a place to sleep tonight.”
Sherlock walked down the stairs to the kitchen, trying to ignore the uncomfortable bulge in his pants. He filled the kettle and set it on the counter, turned it on, and looked around for some other way to distract himself. But all he could think about was John’s room, the dream-like lighting, the heat, the would-be softness of the sheets, the hardness of John’s cock as Sherlock slid his hand—
John sighed. “Your water’s in the barn, back the way you came.” He jerked his head toward the barn to show her. The cow bayed again, as if to say that she didn’t remember that, and anyway, if she had she couldn’t have found her way back to the barn by herself, she was just a cow. John went up to her and put on the halter and hooked his fingers between the bottom of it under her chin, since he didn’t have the lead to clip he’d have to bring her back with his hand under her head the whole way. He tugged gently and she followed him back to the barn with her head bobbing up and down. John made sure to keep awareness of where his feet were and where hers were too. He’d been stepped on before and that was not an event he’d ever like to repeat.
They stared at each other. “I don’t know what would become of me if something happened to her,” confessed Sherlock. “Truly, I don’t.” He looked out the window again, concern written in every wrinkle on his face. “We’re running out of time. We have to figure out what Mary wants.” Suddenly, he banged a fist on the windowsill, making John jump back.
John stood for a moment in front of the fire and watched as well. The flames were licking up the sides of the wood through the clouded glass door of the stove. He watched it for longer than he thought he would.
figure of Sherlock Holmes, who was gaping at him, hopelessly trying to comprehend the vision in front of him.
To John’s utter wonderment, Anna stopped crying. She stared up at Sherlock, not sure what to make of him and their movements and the music. “Well, bugger me,” said John, collapsing in the nearest chair and gazing with fascination at the pair of them. “Sherlock Holmes, baby whisperer.”
John let out a breath he’d been holding. “It would only be for tonight,” he reassured, hurriedly. “I’ll find my own rooms tomorrow—“
Sherlock didn’t reply. Instead, he reached into his coat and pulled out a pocket knife, offering it to her in his open palm. Anna stared at the weapon, then back up into his eyes. They were cool grey, and piercing.
“Two weeks is too long,” Sherlock murmured, undoing his own belt as John slid his hands under his shirt and over his bare chest.
Anna realized.  She sat up and looked out the back of the craft. The other boat was still in pursuit, but her heart sank as she realized it was slowly receding into the night. She needed to stop their boat, or Mary might lose the other and then… and then who knew what would happen. Mary was most definitely not a sane person, and Anna was not willing to be a prisoner of the insane again. She felt for the pocket knife in Sherlock’s coat and gripped the side of the boat to help herself stand up. She gritted her teeth and readied to pounce—but then Mary turned around, and their eyes met.
The two of them fumed at each other. Sherlock’s hands had become unclasped, and John’s were out of his pockets. They’d started to attract attention from some of the passersby.
My mother had been transporting the sausages onto a napkin-lined plate but she faltered in mid movement. Then she finished and turned off the burner. “Sit down, Sherlock.”
“Sherlock! There’s a storm!” John shouted louder this time, thinking he might not have heard him at first. But Sherlock kept walking and John’s heart hammered in his chest. John dropped the wheelbarrow and started after him. “Stop! What the hell are you doing?”
Molly stared, waiting for it—although what more John could possibly ask of her, she didn’t know. She’d already given him the man she loved, what else did he want?
John looked at him, his eyes suddenly dark. “Please tell me you put a bullet in each of their brains.”
“John.” I pushed back from the table and folded my hands in front of my chin. “You know how I am. When I’m working, I’m very single-minded. There’s no room for distraction when there’s a crime to solve.”
Sherlock thought, again cursing himself for not knowing the proper sex etiquette. He tentatively wrinkled John’s shirt up to his chest and held it there for a while as they continued to snog, until John grabbed it and took it off himself.
John chuckled once. Sherlock’s eyes reflected gold sunlight and he sat up and ran a hand through his hair. It was matted to the side of his head that had been resting on his arm.
She took off her apron and sat down next to me, smoothing out the wrinkles of her blouse. She folded her hands in her lap and sighed. “I’ve never told either of you kids this, but I didn’t plan on becoming pregnant.”
Sexual dreams were even rarer. He’d had them more when he was younger, in his teenage years, but usually they were dreams about masturbating—he was never very attracted to the other pupils in school (they were all too stupid to be desirable), and porn was so obviously fake that he couldn’t see how
John felt his face wobble violently, and he embraced her, turning his head to the side and trying to regain his composure. “Mrs. Hudson,” he whispered. She squeezed him tight, which was barely a squeeze at all, for her, and he squeezed back.
Molly woke with a start as Sherlock banged the front door open in frustration. He hadn’t been able to track down Anna or Mycroft in the last twenty-four hours, hadn’t even had a lead. He stomped over to his chair by the fireplace and collapsed in it.
“Now, now, none of that, come on,” he chided, grabbing her forearm to lead her back down the beach. She began a petulant wail that turned the heads of nearby sunbathers. “See you for that drink, eh?” Sherlock said, exasperated, to Lestrade as they passed the group of them.
Sherlock stepped carefully over the rubble from the building, through the entrance they’d escaped from a few hours earlier—or, where he thought the entrance had been. The building was so unrecognizable, he had to navigate back to the observation room based on his memory of the distance and direction it had been from the front of the building. He did it with ease, of course.
The apology softened John’s face, like it always did. He was just so predictable. “Sorry,” he repeated. He was trying to maintain his anger, but I could tell it had been downgraded to mere annoyance. He sighed. “Do you even know what you’re sorry for?”
I’d texted him to find out. I didn’t have a plan, just sent him something ambiguous and intriguing to see if he would take the bait. And he had, so I’d had to make up something. I was planning on texting the victim’s phone anyway. so I borrowed his to do it.
“Naturally,” Sherlock said, handing him the photo. “I may not be an errand boy, but neither do I pass up opportunities to have my brother owe me a favor.” He smirked. “And judging by the desperation in his voice when he asked me, I surmise the favor will be a rather large one.”
John nodded, reached out, and took my hand in his. I stared down at them together. His fingers were thick, his grip strong. “Yes,” he said, coaxing me along.
The teacher finally found her voice. “That is quite enough of that! Class… say ‘Thank you, Mr. Holmes.’”
Sherlock grabbed the top of John’s hair and tugged him back on the bed. “I didn’t like that shirt, anyway,” he seethed, as John pretended to fight his grip. Sherlock held him fast and tutted. “Now, now, quit fussing. You do want me to go back to that
, that she was looking at. True, the woman was selfish and crazy and probably evil and Anna didn’t know her from Eve, but… she was her
. He felt another quiver of fear in the pit of his stomach, and tried to will it away, but couldn’t.
“This is what I want, Sherlock. To see you suffer. To watch your heart break.” He spoke slowly, relishing every word. “To watch everything you are come undone, fall to pieces. And to know that I am the cause.”
He kissed me, long and hard. When we broke apart, I was feeling too many emotions to understand any of them. He left the loo and grabbed his jacket from the kitchen table.
“Oh, well, of course!” John exclaimed, with a wave of his hand, his voice suddenly dripping with sarcasm. “Glad you cleared that up for me.” He dropped the act, then, and shook his head in disbelief. “What the hell, Sherlock? What the
Sherlock slipped on his dressing gown and tiptoed out into the kitchen. He took a deep breath and looked around, imagining how John would wake up and come out here later, make some tea, maybe open up the newspaper. That was going to happen today, and every other day for the rest of their lives, if Sherlock could help it.
“For the boxes, of course,” said Lestrade. Everyone chuckled—everyone except for Sherlock. Lestrade gave him a small smile, but Sherlock ignored it and looked away. They hadn’t been quite right ever since John died.
“That’s over two thousand people,” said Lestrade, heavily. “They need some kind of profile to help narrow it down.” He looked and me. “Sherlock? Anything?”
Anna was bright red. “Well thank God he didn’t try to give me The Talk himself. Can you imagine?” Her eyes opened wide in horror.
No easy task. He did it slowly, clutching the concrete wall for support. “Hurry it up!” shouted the voice.
A tear from each eye rolled down John’s cheeks. Sherlock had an urge to kiss them away, but John wiped them off with the back of his hand. “I didn’t know all that, Sherlock,” he said. “Why didn’t you tell me? Why did you let me think—“
“John.” Mary’s voice softened and she put her hands on either side of his face. “We left that life behind, you and I. We can’t go back to it. Not now… not when we have a
“You’re wrong,” John broke in. “You’re wrong about him. Sherlock is a sociopath; he can’t love.” He turned around and glared at Moriarty through his glass cage, avoiding looking over at Mary. “He can’t. So all of this is a waste, what you’re doing.”
The second most bizarre thing was the jealousy. It hit him like a slap in the face, or a punch in the gut, more like. It gripped him and squeezed, hot, flowing through all his veins, burning him from the inside. He supposed he’d been feeling it for a while, had just been ignoring it… but now....
“Yes,” he choked, with desperation, even though it was reversed, and that was actually me, who would take anything from him. Me, who needed it, needed it.
“He was upset,” she went on. “And afraid. We’d just found out that Anna’s life was in danger, and he was frustrated because he couldn’t figure it out, what they were planning… I think he was sort of grasping out for something, anything really, to make himself feel less lost. And I went with it, because, well,” she smiled a little, looking guiltily at John, “you know.”
“This?” John asked skeptically, looking back at the picture. “This is what he wants us to retrieve?”
John swallowed and shook his head. “Nothing,” he said, avoiding eye contact as he handed Sherlock his cup. “Here.” Sherlock took it from him, and their fingers brushed as they transferred it between hands. Sherlock felt his stomach lurch at the contact. He swallowed and put the cup to his lips.
“Look, if you didn’t want to talk about it, then why’d you even bring it up? What was the bloody point of that?” He was starting to get angry now, and a different sort of angry from before. Not the this-is-for-your-own-good angry, that was John around me ninety-nine percent of the time. More like the you-wounded-me-emotionally-and-here-I-thought-we-were-friends angry. The other one percent.
Lestrade knocked a couple of times and pushed in the rest of the way in, into what appeared to be a large bathroom.
Mary’s blurry blond head moved into view, lit from the side by a torch. “Pleading is not going to help you, John,” she said. “Not with me, anyway.”
John. Any time he got a free moment, he fell asleep almost immediately; for someone who used to go days without sleeping for a case, he found he didn’t know the meaning of “tired.” One time, at the beginning—he cringed at the memory—he’d been so exhausted (and frustrated that he didn’t even have time to be properly upset about it) that when Anna woke him for the third time during the night to cry at him for no reason, he started crying right back at her. They just sat on the couch, wailing together, for what seemed like hours but was probably no more than ten minutes. They ended up falling asleep on the sofa and only woke when Mrs. Hudson brought in their usual morning tea.
In response, Sherlock stretched his lips up wide in that grotesquely forced smile of his that showed every single one of his teeth.
Sherlock didn’t respond to those unasked questions. John had been tortured enough without having to listen to Sherlock tell him the reason: All he heard in the silence were his screams. And Violet’s screams. And Carruthers’ sickly smooth voice murmuring wicked things into his ear. And the thud of his body against the table—the rattle of the chains on his ankles—the—
about the dream. He opened his eyes again, deciding if he really wanted to do this. To think about John this way. He hadn’t before, not really, not any further than the jealously that had hit him at times in the past, when John would choose to spend time with his girl of the week rather than with Sherlock. He’d always interpreted that jealousy as platonic, of selfishly wanting John around to talk to and to help him solve crimes—not a lover’s jealousy, no, most certainly not
Inside the envelope were a sliver key and a short, scrawled note. One receptionist fit the key into the box, then turned it, and lifted the lid. There were stones upon stones, jewels upon jewels, all different shapes and sizes, all different colors, gleaming and sparking in the sun that was shining through the nearby window. Their geometry reflected the light onto both of their faces.
“Out with it, John! You know something, about Moriarty, but you don’t want the government to find out. That’s why you wanted me to deduce it.”
. In practice, you have to work at it. It takes work to stay focused. In the real world it’s more like,
Sherlock had done his best to delete the memory. He retained the knowledge that it happened, but without the actual details—the ones that were coming back, now. John’s fingertips making smudges on the glass. His breath circling a fog round his mouth as he said Sherlock’s name. The screams, the blood, as he was being beaten, and the utter hopelessness that Sherlock had felt. The
Luckily, John didn’t find anything too worrisome. After he finished the examination, he helped Sherlock to dress again, to pull up his trousers and button his shirt; Sherlock’s hands were shaking too much to do it himself. John didn’t meet his eyes the entire time—he couldn’t. He knew if he did, he would cry again… and crying, at this point, would serve no purpose other than to make Sherlock feel bad for him.
I decided I would have to take the conversational lead here (again) (typical). I took a deep breath, and said the first thing that came into my head:
The kiss was awkward, because of how we were sitting. Our lips didn’t quite match up, and our teeth clanked loudly together. I pulled back and looked him in the eyes. “Are you going to listen to me, now?” John blinked at me, and nodded. “I want both. I want you, and I want the Work. I just have to figure out how to make it possible.”
“You knew this was inside of her,” Sherlock interrupted, raising his voice. “You knew who her father was… you knew she had this—this—
“Brilliant, Anna,” said Mycroft, sitting across from her in the back of the van. He pulled out his ear piece, and Anna did the same, as well as rip the microphone off of her hip. She was still crying. “I couldn’t have done a better job myself,” he continued, collecting the equipment and handing it to the technician seated next to him. “You were absolutely right, you read him like a book. The boy idea was genius.” Mycroft sighed with relief and leaned back against the wall. “You’ll be happy to know that we picked up David, and he has no major injuries.” He smirked a little. “Sherlock has always held a special place for physical violence in his heart.” He looked over at Anna, who was sitting with her face in her hands. “Are you alright?” he asked, confused.
“I think it’s weird.” She looked back at the stone. “It’s almost like it’s two different people: Dead John and Live John.” She stuffed her mittened hands in her pockets, scrunching her body in on itself for warmth. “I’m going to miss Dead John.”
Sherlock swallowed, unsure of how to proceed. “Well, you know, those fish weren’t yours,” he said. “And…” he motioned over to the other girls. “Do you see how… erm… Lucy is crying?” Anna nodded. “That’s because she is sad that her fish are dead.”
Sherlock was consumed by pain, his vision white and shimmering. He vomited awkwardly on the table, the side of his face still pinned to it—
. Sherlock took a deep breath. Not again. But it was too late, the fantasy was already there… Sherlock stood with one hand gripping the countertop, the other grasping his prick through the layers of his dressing gown and pants. He was still sensitive from last night’s antics… he groaned with the realization that he was going to have to masturbate
It was nearly a full day after the party, and Sherlock hadn’t slept a wink. He’d been pacing the flat most of the night—every time he’d tried to sit or rest, the nerves would hit, the unsettling feeling would grip him. The only thing that made him feel any better was to pace.
Mycroft was up out of his chair in a flash, moving faster than Sherlock would have given him credit for. He reached out to grab Sherlock by the wrist, intent on keeping him in the room—but Sherlock yelped in pain, and his brother snapped his hand back as if he’d touched a snake. Sherlock clutched his ligatured wrist in his other hand trying to rub away the sting.
John sat there for a moment, trying to decide what to do. And then he had a thought that he knew Sherlock was going to absolutely hate, but it seemed like the best option he could come up with.
Anna shifted in her seat and brought her hands to her lap, taking turns digging her nails into the opposite tips of her fingers, one-by-one. “I don’t know what to call you,” she said, finally.
John burrowed his cheek closer to Sherlock’s head. “So you knew I eavesdropped that day? I always thought you might’ve. You made that comment about Mrs. Hudson listening outside the door, and I was positive you knew.” He smiled. “Bastard.”
“So? What do you think?” he asked the sky. “You think Mycroft is right? Do you think that Anna can do this? Or should I go after her?”
, Sherlock wanted to say. He felt anxiety boil up into his throat. “I think this may have been a mistake,” he whispered.
Anna gazed at him. “It’s not that. You don’t have to earn anything… I mean, there’s nothing to earn. What I was trying to say was that I can’t use the word ‘Dad,’ like,
“Sherlock,” Mycroft croaked, getting up and dusting himself off. “She’s perfectly fine.” He smoothed his hair and cleared his throat, though failing to get rid of the croak. “I’ve trained her well. Everything should be fine.” He coughed.
It was the first time John had seen Sherlock look angry since he’d shown up there—the first time really that he’d seen any sort of deviation from calm patience. Sherlock’s nostrils flared and the lines that defined his brow and cheekbones and jaw became sharper and deeper and menacing. “I spent four
Mycroft’s face remained set. “That doesn’t mean they’ll kill her. After all, she’s left to join them willingly. And I have confidence in her abilities, I know she can convince Moriarty that she’s on his side. You’ve seen her lie, little brother, she’s absolutely brilliant.”
decided to take him to court, Sherlock was sure he’d have lost. Blood-relatives usually trumped everything else, not to mention that his job, while safe for the city, was not safe for him or for anyone in his household. And, of course, there was his drug problem on record, which any half-decent lawyer would drag out into the open. Then there would be character witnesses. If nothing else, the sheer number of people in London who hated him would be enough to convince a judge that he had no business raising a child. But he would have gone down fighting. He would have done anything to keep that little girl.
“It’s hard for Sherlock to fall in love. His mind just doesn’t think in that way, the way yours and mine think. We dream of a handsome man to come a sweep us off our feet, to have a wedding and babies and all the rest.” Anna’s young eyes twinkled at the thought. “But Sherlock has different dreams…” she hesitated. “Well, I’m not actually sure what they are, but I know they don’t include a pretty lady to marry and ride off into the sunset with. If I had to guess, I’m sure they would include you—” Molly poked Anna on the nose affectionately “—growing up and becoming a successful young woman.”
Sherlock took a breath to say something, but John continued on. “Is where you tell me you have proof? That you ran a paternity test and it came back positive? It wasn’t faked and you know because you ran the test yourself?”
The sunlight had gone behind a cloud and now the cabin was dark again. John replayed the video. The girl ran and jumped and slid. John’s breathing calmed as he watched her. She grinned at someone off-camera.
Sherlock peered into a couple rooms before finding one that looked right; it was a small office, dark, with an empty desk and file cabinet, one half-window near the back. Sherlock dragged John inside and shut the door behind them. He glanced out the door’s window into the hallway, looking both ways before twisting the blinds closed.
“Tell me what to do,” Sherlock said, abruptly. “I haven’t done this before, to someone else. And not to myself in twenty years.”
. Not present. Don’t get me wrong, he’s a wonderful father, and I know he loved my mum and me very much… but sometimes, he just seemed like he’d rather be somewhere else. It used to make me so angry—something would happen in our lives, something scary or tough or even exciting, and he’d retreat. Not physically, but emotionally.” She sighed. “It was easy to believe, in those times, that he wasn’t my real father. That
“Oh, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock replied, his voice deep and knowing, “I simply 'let' him get it out of his system. I am perfectly content to wait until he has.”
Sherlock swallowed. “What if that ‘recklessness,’ as you call it, was what made me great? What if I can’t work any cases, anymore, because I’m just too… afraid?”
“Does it matter?” I didn’t like the way he was looking at me. It seemed that I had fallen into some trap he had laid and I was not pleased about it. At all.
He gathered his strength and stood up roughly with Sherlock’s nearly dead weight hanging on his neck. He wasn’t helping at all and fell forward. John splayed out as he tried to keep him from falling completely onto the ground.
For the first time, Mary turned to her daughter, and Anna was taken aback by the emotion in her face. She looked back down at the key, thumbing over the intricate design. “Right before my mother died, she gave me her necklace,” she said, quietly. Her gun was still raised, though not aimed directly at any of their heads. “It was a half moon made of lapis lazuli, tied to a rather crude leather string, but she’d worn it every day of her life, as far as I could recall. She told me she wanted me to have it, and that I should never take it off. And I didn’t. I was nineteen years old when she died, leaving me an orphan, by the way—I’d never known my father—and I wore it every day for the next five years, even after I was recruited into the CIA as an assassin for hire, even when I went on assignments. I kept it hidden, under my shirt, but it was always there, reminding me of her.
, John.” Sherlock emphasized. “A.G.R.A. The letters on Mary’s flash drive. They weren’t her initials, they were a
Molly studied him for a moment. “Would you like a cup of tea?” she asked, almost forgetting her good manners again.
Moriarty grinned again. “How adorable you really are, John! Nice try, but unfortunately for you, Sherlock is not a sociopath. In fact, he’s the farthest thing from it. His emotions are so intense, that he is afraid of what they can do to him. They’re so cripplingly powerful that he’s tried to train himself to avoid them altogether. Tried and failed, I might add.” Moriarty cocked his head to one side and looked at Sherlock with mock concern. “Isn’t that right, honey?”
While the tub filled John struggled with putting Sherlock into it. It was a big tub and the sides were very tall and John had a time of getting Sherlock up and over it. He managed to get him seated on the floor with his head and chest slumped forward on the side of the tub and then he himself got inside and hoisted Sherlock’s arms up and folded him over the edge. Then he brought over Sherlock’s legs and uncurled him from the bottom of the basin. He then sat there breathing heavily, somehow having ended up sitting behind him while the tub filled with now warmer water, in his jeans and a vest and his socks and Sherlock only in pants and waiting to be warm again. He shivered behind Sherlock and pulled his vest up around the top of his chest as he was too weak now to pull it over his head. He leaned forward to press himself against Sherlock’s back as he wrapped his arms around him and warmed him with his own body heat. He turned his head and rested his cheek against Sherlock’s shoulder blades and waited.
But to speak it out loud, to say it to John’s face—John was right, there was no need for him to do that. He’d obviously said it with malicious intent. But why? There was no reason for him to be
“Are you telling me,” he began, now audibly growling, “that you developed scurvy just to get me here for a case?”
“Of course not,” Sherlock said, dismissing it with a wave of his hand, “because the Agra treasure is a symbol of one of the greatest failures of British rule, and one of the best-kept secrets in intelligence. I had to go to great lengths to find out any information on it, and it took years of finding the right people and gathering data.
John swallowed and gazed toward the door, the one he’d come out of previously. “Who was that girl?” he asked, suddenly, turning back. “Moriarty… he said she was your daughter. Do you…. Did you…” He looked a bit wild. “Who’s her mother?”
Anna retrieved the key and brought it back to the box, knelt in front of it, and slid it into the lock. She turned it and heard a series of clicks.
“Please,” John had stared him right in the eye. “The world needs Sherlock Holmes. It does not need me.”
Mum turned around and gave me a look, still flipping sausages in the pan on the stove. “I know,” she said, turning back, “but this is his area.”
Arousal began to pool in my abdomen. It built and built, until my entire body was trembling with want. It just felt so bloody
Sherlock blinked at the screen. Mycroft? What the devil was Mycroft doing there? True, Sherlock had been avoiding his repeated texts for the last few weeks, but coming to John and Mary’s to track him down? There was a baby there. Mycroft hated babies.
The memory came back. “Yeah, I remember that. You thought that it was because he didn’t want anyone to know it was gone. Not even the government.”
John tried again. “I’m not going to lie to you. This is going to hurt. You’re probably very swollen and… it’s going to be painful.”
I stared at him, and he leaned forward, pressing a soft kiss to my lips. “Goodnight, Sherlock,” he bid, and then went down the stairs.
To my misfortune, John followed me and crouched beside me. He wobbled in place, gathering his balance, and reached out to grasp my thigh to steady himself. His hand lingered there a little too long. He squeezed before he let go.
There was some kind of relief, in all this mess, with the kidnapping and rape and suicide and torture and revenge and now his wife kicking him out of the house. The relief was that John could come home, again.
The woman looked wide-eyed to Lestrade, but he just shrugged. “Come on,” she snapped at the other police officer, and the two of them marched out of the room.
“But what I can’t figure out,” continued Moriarty, “is why Mycroft kept up the lie? I’m positive they did a paternity test when they got back to London. They would have found out the truth, that you actually were John’s daughter.” He shook his head. “I’m stumped, I really am. It’s so delightful! How refreshing!” He giggled again. “What is his endgame? Oh Mycroft, you silly, silly man. A man with a plan. What is your plan?"
“You want to know the difference?” John asked him, frustrated. “Here. I’ll show you the difference.” Suddenly John was closing the distance between them, marching over, was very close (very, very close), grabbed Sherlock’s face with both hands, pulled him down, and kissed him.
After the first two autopsies were completed, Molly opened the drawer that held the third and final body. She and Sherlock lifted the bag and set it on the table.
parents’ last year. Are you embarrassed of yours? Because, and I’ll remind you again, you’ve already met mine—the bar has been set fairly low.”
“You’re welcome. Good luck!” She walked off, her friend hanging onto her arm and whispering in her ear.
“You’re not, Sherlock,” he said, pointedly. “That’s just the excuse you use when you want to be an arsehole.”
That was good enough for John. Without waiting another moment, he strode forward and grabbed Sherlock’s face, pulling him into a deep kiss. Sherlock stood still for a beat, and then his lips moved as he kissed back. Relief washed over John, in a dizzying wave, and he felt himself melt into Sherlock’s body.
“Because,” said John, swallowing. “I thought maybe he’d… he’d had a thing for me, for a long while. That I’d been a selfish, unfeeling git. I mean, I asked him to be best man at my wedding. My
John chopped the onion very fine with his knife and scraped it into the pan which was now sizzling with the heated butter. Out of the corner of his eye he watched Sherlock close the door to the stove and come over and get two cups from the shelf. The detective searched around until he found the tea bags John kept in the tin and put one in each of the cups and filled them with the boiled water. The steam came up and thick in the cold air.
In typical Sherlockian fashion (and yes, I did just use my own name as an adjective), I ignored his question to keep him guessing. “The body was split exactly in half.
) and more importantly knows what to do now. When Mycroft and I were growing up the “what to do now” mostly entailed punishments for our various antics (mine, experiments in the house; Mycroft’s, torturing me), but as we got older and started to have problems that had nothing to do with making trouble at home, she was a wealth of (mostly good) advice that we could always count on whenever something came up that we just couldn’t solve on our own. Admittedly this was a very short window of time, between making trouble for her and trusting our own instincts enough not to have to ask for help. But through it my mother was our main go-to.
John looked down at the photograph, which showed an ornate silver key resting on a blue velvet cloth. “Royal artifact?” he asked.
“Don’t say ‘normal,’” Sherlock warned, surprised at how cold his voice sounded. “Don’t. I may not be an expert when it comes to things of this nature, but whatever is going on here… it’s not normal. Not for me.”
,” he had said, when she’d asked him why he made her kill her friends. No other reason than to test his power. A man like that had no business being alive; someone needed to put him down, no matter what the cost.
Instead, Sherlock excitedly paced the room. “The family that Violet nannies for is in on it… or, at least, one of them is. The cyclist waited at the end of the street where they lived, which means he knew where Violet was going, but not which direction she was coming from!” He clapped with joy. “We’ll go to pay them a visit in the morning, and find out which one of them knows.”
the sound. And then he gave me these headphones, said that next time I listened to music, use them, and I’d really be able to feel what he’s talking about.”
Molly narrowed her eyes. “And what business does the British government have recruiting a thirteen-year-old girl for espionage?”
John glared at him. Sherlock could tell he was frustrated, he was gnawing at the inside of his cheek and the tips of his ears were bright red.
But by the time he showed up, all plans of talking had fallen to the wayside. Seeing him again, it was like... like breathing in oxygen, after being underwater for much too long. I tackled him to the sofa, and we practically ripped each other’s clothes off. And I noticed things I hadn’t consciously before—the way he smelled, for instance. It was wholly intoxicating. A new drug, all on its own. I buried my face in his neck and breathed him in, rolling my hips sinfully. I could feel him hard against me, and I loved it, I loved it. I loved him, more than ever. I thought I might be going crazy.
John’s nose twitched and he sniffed, looking into the bottom of his cup. “Yeah, you know,” he replied, vaguely.
Sherlock went to the window and stood very still, his hands pressed over his nose. They could hear his breathing echoed underneath them.
Sherlock knew enough to know he shouldn’t contact them. He shouldn’t call, or text, or go to their house, shouldn’t try to explain. He’d just make the whole thing worse if he did; that much he knew. But his imagination had gone berserk in the last twenty hours, imagining how
“Forgive me,” Sherlock said again, quietly, and Anna knew the plea was no longer just about his stupid question. She thought she might have told him there was nothing to forgive, if she’d been able to speak coherently through the emotion that was squeezing her throat shut. Suddenly, it didn’t matter that this wasn’t the plan. Sherlock was here. He would fix everything.
“I’ll take that as a ‘yes,’ then,” John said, opening the door wider and climbing into the seat. He shut the door and turned to face him. “So,” he started, then stopped. “Hi.” He made what Sherlock assumed was an attempt at a smile.
Anna grabbed her fiddle and redeemed herself by playing a catchy jig, and pretty soon John was clapping and stomping along. Sherlock got so swept up in the music, too, that he fiddled along with her—hopping and spinning in place in a little dance to the tune.
Sherlock did a double-take at the bin, feigning ignorance. “No idea how it got there! Must have been Mrs. Hudson, the cruel woman.” He brushed some crumbs off the poster, wrinkling his nose.
Heidi cried harder, and Anna drove the knife into her heart—but she pulled it out too quickly this time, and blood shot out of the wound as the heart beat its last, squirting Anna in the face. She wiped it off slowly and looked with disgust at the dead girl. “Bitch,” she spat.
John walked past her and strode into the living room, and sat on the end of her couch. Her cat mewed from the floor and jumped up onto his lap, purring. He stared at it for a moment, then reached out to give it a pet. It smiled its cat smile and arched its back under his touch.
John Watson had known a few people in his lifetime who, for whatever reason, excreted their own scent so strongly that it would permeate all types of fabrics and linger for hours in room after they were gone. John had dated at least one woman like that, that he could remember, and had thoroughly enjoyed being able to bury his nose into her pillow long after she’d left his bed.
“Nonsense,” said Molly. “You can stay for as long as you want. I doubt you’ll be able to find rooms tomorrow, anyway.”
to remember, but the images came to his mind anyway; middle of the night, emergency room, screaming, blood soaked through the pad on the gurney, the whole room smelling like the hot, sticky, metallic scent of life fading away. Mary’s pale, pale skin, John’s frantic, frightened eyes looking into his, as if to say, “Do something! Do something, Sherlock! My
“I...” I started, unsure of what to say. I wanted to impress him, more than anything, because I knew it got him hot, and then we’d at least be even. But all thoughts of the case had vanished in an instant. “Just give me a moment.” I moved away from him and walked round to the other side of the body. I crouched down, examining the finger-shaped bruises on the throat.
“Nevermind that.” He waved his hand in the air. He was really bloody stoic now, completely ignoring my attempts to get him off track. “Tell me about her. Or him.”
“Oh!” Molly gasped, as he brushed his thumb over her clit. He felt it hot and swollen beneath his touch, even through her knickers. He kissed down the front of her chest, over her clavicle and her sternum, and Molly arched backwards in response, running her fingers gently through his curls, panting so forcefully that he could feel her breath moving the hair atop his scalp. He felt a sense of pride, a surge of confidence, that he was unraveling her this way.
“Indeed,” I said, back. I gulped the juice, and closed my eyes. I felt a little better. And then I felt worse, when I thought of what I’d almost said.  What was wrong with me? I didn’t want John, like that. I mean, I did, but I didn’t. Not really. I was nearly forty years old and had never wanted anyone like that, so there was no reason that I should start now.
His shock was palpable; Sherlock was positive John could feel it on his lips, then on his tongue (just a little tongue). His eyes were still open, hadn’t closed on reflex—none of his reflexes were working. The lack of breathing and beating heart were especially noticeable.
He came over, smiling and shaking his head, and I watched him as he leaned forward and kissed me. He put the coffee in my hand and gave my arse a squeeze. “So, what’s on?” he asked, walking back toward the table as if nothing had happened. “Where are we going to be in thirty?”
for normal things, like justice, the way most people do. What he thirsts for is entertainment, some way to keep his warped mind occupied. Heading a criminal network was just one way to do it, but he could have just as easily become a serial killer or some equally base thing.
John’s eyes gazed upward, as if he’d see what he was supposed to say next floating around in his brain. He looked back at me. His expression still hadn’t changed. “Nope. Still lost. You’re going to have to explain it to me, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s mouth ticked up. “And what are you having?” His eyes were sparkling again—expecting, John thought, another smart-arse reply.
The admissions lady picked up her radio and attempted to call the guard, but the radio didn’t work. She glanced at the little girl in her innocent little dress. “Just a moment, dear, I have to find a new radio.” She got up and went through the door behind her, into the back office.
After it was over, he collapsed, breathing raggedly for some time, his hand still clenched around his dwindling erection. He rolled on his back, staring up at the dark ceiling, feeling incredibly guilty about his fantasy.
“You’ve been so scared that emotions would do this to you. That’s why you avoided them for so long. But you’re overreacting, Sherlock. I’m sorry, but you are.”
He and Sherlock moved back to the bed to sleep. It was more comfortable than the floor and they couldn’t have possibly been apart again, not after what had happened, even if Sherlock was pants at sharing a bed with someone. When they got into the bed they did have to spend some time arranging themselves since the bed was only normally big enough for one person to sleep in. They ended up both on their sides facing each other with their knees touching and their arms resting in the middle together.
John whacked the phone on the table, and then picked it up again. “Oh, sod it, I don’t want your help anyway!” he shouted.
As soon as they were out in the hallway, Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and pulled him into the nearby stairwell. “Sherlock!” John gasped, not expecting it. “What are you—“ Sherlock ignored him and hurried down the stairs, towing him behind. They went down two floors and then through a door, into a dimly-lit hallway. “Where are we going?” John asked, bewildered. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock stood in the middle of the sitting room, his injured shoulder in a sling, looking very, very uncomfortable as John began to cry.
in love with him… John wholeheartedly agreed that Sherlock had to move on. “Of course,” he said, trying to recover from the turn the conversation had taken. “I… erm… I’ll see what I can do.”
“I’m telling you to fight,” she said, forcefully. “Accepting who you are isn’t giving up. It’s bloody hard. There’s some balance there, Sherlock, some balance between making your mark on the world, and making time to satisfy your desire for love. And you have to fight to find that balance. Just like I did. I’d hoped it would come naturally to you, the way that it came to your father, but it wasn’t to be, you’re too much like me. If you think about it, Mycroft is the one like your father. Yes, he’s career-driven, and focused, and doesn’t have friends or lovers or any desire for them, but he has love in his life—he has you. Ironically, in trying to get it right with a second child, I’d finally got it right with my first.” She smiled to herself. “Myc never once questioned his love for you. He never tried, in his entire life, not to care. He just worked it in. It was easy for him. It wasn’t so easy for me. And unfortunately, it’s not going to be easy for you, either. I’m sorry, love. You’re going to have to fight. You’re going to have to be strong, and brave, and unrelenting. But if you’re all those things, you’ll get there. You’ll find it, someday. I promise you that.”
“I don’t exactly know…. He won’t talk to anyone, won’t let anyone touch him. John, I… I think you’d better get down here.”
All three of them turned to watch Mrs. Hudson tottering up to the flat as fast as her old legs would carry her. They stared at her as she tried to catch her breath at the top of the stairs. “The… telly… it’s… Anna…”
“Well, you’ve got an excellent memory, then.” He stood up and pointed down the beach. “Do you remember my girls? My youngest, Lucy, is only a year older than you. They’re just down there, playing with some minnows they caught in the stream. I’m sure they’d love you to join them.” His eyes flickered to Sherlock as if he was asking for permission, but Sherlock just looked at the girl.
Sherlock stood up again and put both cuppas on the small folding table next to the window. He got down two bowls and two plates from the shelf and asked if the soup was done. John glanced back at it and saw it was steaming through the lid he’d placed on the top at an angle and said it was. Sherlock went and took it from the stove with a towel wrapped around the handles and set it on the counter. He divided the soup evenly into the bowls and set these on the table as well with a spoon in each. The eggs were done now too so John plated them and brought them over and the two of them sat down to eat.
“I…” he started. John figured he was probably trying to decide right there, on the spot, how he should feel about it. John felt bad for him.
Sherlock sighed there, on the floor of the mortuary; now that he recognized the loneliness, he had a sinking feeling that he was not going to be able to get rid of it. He looked down at Molly again, who was watching him through soft, sleepy eyes. She smiled a private smile, a knowing one, like they were in a room full of people and sharing an unspoken secret. He felt a warmth and excitement flutter in his gut, in spite of himself. He became acutely aware of all of the places their bodies were touching—they all started to tingle pleasantly. Molly lifter her head to kiss him softly, and the tingling spread across his skin to more… unmentionable locations.
Sherlock turned back and sighed, his ire melting away. “Yes, but it doesn’t matter now.” He strode forward the rest of the way and knelt in front of her. “Are you alright?”
But Sherlock pet the cow and spoke softly to her, and took off his gloves, at the last moment he sat on the stool and milked her. He turned his head and looked sideways at John with a cheeky smirk as if to say,
“No, actually,” Sherlock answered, coming to stand behind him and looking at the picture. “I always keep tabs on the important artifacts that go missing. No, this is something I’ve never heard of. And we have to find it, in that facility, before the police go in for their raid.”
Sherlock didn’t know any of it, but John knew, and Anna knew, and knowing together bonded them in a sort of way that they’d never been before.
Carruthers’ body lay shivering in a pool of blood, his face a sickly, pale-blue color, eyes wide open and bloodshot. Lestrade stared at him for a moment. Then, he raised the gun. “I should have shot you when I had the chance,” he murmured, echoing his earlier words to John. He cocked the weapon. “I should have blown your brains out, like I did your bitch wife.” He squeezed the trigger.
Mycroft’s expression turned serious. “For you, child, that causing pain to another is easy is an advantage. I implore you not to look at it any other way.” He studied her face, and went on. “The danger of the human conscience is that it can, occasionally, prevent us from greatness. And we need you to be great, Anna. It’s the only way we can destroy
Molly’s eyes grew wide, then relaxed as understanding came over her. “Oh my God,” she said. The two women stared at each other for a moment, Molly clearly thinking and trying to work it all out. “Oh my God,” she said again, slumping back against the booth. “He’s back.”
I had seen them, and I did know that. I had been desperately searching for something to say that had to do with the case. “I wanted to make sure you were paying attention.” I recovered, lamely.
John looked at the ground and shuffled his feet. He took a deep breath. “I wanted to let you know that I’m going to make an appointment to see my therapist again.”
better than this, I don’t know how many times we’ve discussed it—if you go on a case alone, you check
“Yes, but then I wouldn’t have had you to myself tonight, would I?” Sherlock smiled over the top of his screen.
It was then, the moment I orgasmed, that I had the epiphany; my libido was only awakened by proximity to death.
Slowly, Sherlock lifted his arm and put it round John’s back, patting him gently. “There, there,” he soothed, surprised at the pleasant feeling it gave him to comfort someone.
The gasp came from a small, dark-haired, teenage girl who was standing next to a smirking Moriarty. Her face was gaunt and tear-stained and held such a sense of shock that the prisoner immediately felt guilty for not knowing who she was. She certainly knew
“Doesn’t apply to me,” I reminded him. “Sociopath, remember?" (Just because I wasn't one anymore didn't mean I had to tell him.) "
,” he said, quietly. “Just be here, and do your experiments, and yell at Mrs. Hudson for cleaning too much, and play your violin… just be here, and let me deal with this on my own.”
Sherlock purposely kept his voice low, to avoid being heard by Molly—who he sensed was still standing directly outside the door. He didn’t care for her to know that he did this thing, every once in a while, when things got really hard… even though he didn’t believe in heaven, or souls, or ghosts, or anything like that… it was just a comfort, that’s all.
“I love you,” Sherlock whispered into the empty flat, trying the sound of it. He wrapped the blanket tighter around himself and closed his eyes, imagining saying it to John’s face. “I love you, John.” And then he felt a warmth in the center of his chest, a tickling sensation that spread out from its point of origin and reached the tips of his fingers and toes in no time.
This was no surprise, of course. Sherlock had known John was in love with him long before he’d ‘died.’ Back then, it had been a simple matter of waiting for John to figure it out, which, admittedly, had been taking longer that Sherlock would have liked. But Sherlock had been content to wait… back then.
“Please,” Sherlock begged, John wasn’t really sure what for as he was still clutching John to him and still intermittently kissing him. So John just kept doing the same thing he had been since he was about to come anyway and he didn’t have the practice or patience to focus on anything more. Everything else, the cabin, the fire, the snow, the cow and chickens and the dog and the pond and John’s broken life blurred and faded out of reach as his movements became short and quick and he dropped his head into the space between Sherlock’s chin and collarbone and slammed his fist into the floorboards by Sherlock’s head and groaned. His cock pulsed and he felt the front of his trousers grow hot and wet. Sherlock’s arms were around his back holding him through it and it felt so bloody good, John had forgotten. He had forgotten this.
Mrs. Smith sniveled. “She was cycling to her first day of her new nannying job on Friday after her classes; her flatmate saw her leave. But she never showed up at the house. The police haven’t found a thing, not even her bicycle.”
“His… his arms are up high on me.” It was true, one was across her neck and the other across her chest. “So… he must be tall.”
that the Carruthers had something to do with Violet’s disappearance. You knew that, right off. Now, maybe it was reckless of you to go over there alone,” he scolded, gently, “but honestly, Sherlock? It’s no more reckless than any other bloody thing you’ve done. You’ve just been abnormally lucky up to this point—you could have been injured or killed a thousand other times, a thousand other ways, with the kind of shite you pull. Hell, I remember you
“What did you mean for, then?” he snarled. “I told you I was in love with you. You kissed me. You wanked me right there—“ Sherlock pointed, for emphasis, to where the tea was already drying in a sticky amber stain, “on that wall. You told me you loved me, too. How did you
John glanced back at them again, shivering with the sudden lack of hot water. The dried blood had smeared into rusty-orange lines down his face and chest.
capable of pity, despite what some may tell you.” He went over to the last guard with an outstretched hand, and the man gave him the back-up pistol out of his holster. “I wouldn’t go and kill both of your daddies, no, that’d be too
John got the snow shovel from the side of the porch and started to dig a path to the barn. If he didn’t do it now it would be even deeper and more difficult to clear after the blizzard. By the time he was done he was sweating and the wind had picked up speed. The tops of the trees were bending, although the snow had not started. John had finished the path and when he got to the barn he put more food out for the cat and milked the cow. He filled up the cow’s water and gave her fresh hay to eat. He patted her a few times and called her Good Girl, and thought about how he would soon leave her behind. He made sure the blanket was secure and then went to the chicken coop. There was a covered area outside the roost that provided space for the chickens to roam during the snow and rain. The snow had blown a bit inside but it was big enough that there was still plenty of dry ground for them. He threw some grain on the ground for them to scratch at, although they were still in their roost; they knew the storm was coming inherently. John filled their water as well and then he went back up the path to get the wheelbarrow. He had to dump out some snow from it and after he did he took it back behind the cabin to the woodshed. He filled it with as much wood as he could push and brought it back up to the house.
Sherlock’s shoulders relaxed as he warmed to the conversation. “She’s rubbish at school,” he continued. “Her marks are atrocious. She’s incredibly brilliant, I just can’t seem to get her to
. “I can feel his breath over my right shoulder, so I know his head is bent over there,” she went on.
Lestrade and Donovan exchanged glances. “In the basement,” he said, reluctantly. “They had this room—“
I don't know much about the legal system, so I apologize if some of the conclusions in the following chapters are unrealistic or just plain wrong! At this point I'm writing for entertainment, not realism... hopefully you can forgive me :)
“Wait a minute,” interrupted John. “Redbeard… I’ve heard that name mentioned before—and every time, Sherlock looks like he’s seen a bloody ghost.”
All of their faces whipped around the other way to the television. Molly tripped over herself trying to switch it on.
“You want to know why you waited until now to say anything?” Sherlock continued, his own vision blurring. “Because now, your wife is dead. Because now it’s easier. Because now you don’t have to deal with the fallout.” He couldn’t keep the bitterness from his voice. “Jesus, John,” he huffed a laugh, “you can’t even admit what a coward you are.”
John’s hands knew what to do, though. His touch was firm, but smooth, sliding over Sherlock’s shoulders, down his sides, underneath his t-shirt to the skin on his waist.
“She’s out of bullets!” John suddenly shouted. Mycroft and Sherlock both started and realized that they’d been too busy bickering to notice how Mary had stopped shooting.
A terrible, awful horror had chilled the blood in Sherlock’s veins. “That’s not a ‘clever’ crime, Mycroft,” he said, still staring at the telly, still clutching his brother's shirt. “That’s a
Mycroft shook his head and tutted. “Annalise, you have a much better memory and powers of observation than that. Calm yourself and tell me, what just happened?”
It happened simultaneously in slow motion and too quick to comprehend. John reached out and grasped the front of my shirt with both hands and pulled me in toward him, his eyes closed and his face pushing past into my personal space. And then there was no space whatsoever, because his lips were on mine and he was moving them and
It was John Watson, indeed, who was standing on her doorstep and giving her a weak smile. “Hello, Molly,” he said. “I have a huge favor I need to ask.”
Sherlock’s stomach dropped at the words, even though he’d known, coming in, that that would be his brother’s answer.
He’d have to play with her emotions, somehow, put something she did care about at the center of it all, then try to transfer those feelings to John…
“Of course not, there’s plenty more, but John seems to be embarrassed by it, so I’ll refrain from continuing.”
lucky,” as in, John was lucky, too, to have Sherlock living with him again. There was an awkward pause, and John glanced from face to face trying to decide if—
The firemen would be in any second. He hadn’t been able to help John kill Carruthers and escape and turn the cameras back on with enough time to exit the building for roll-call, as was their original plan. There was no time for roll-call, now. Lestrade slipped the knife into his pocket and then carefully wiped the gun on his shirt, rubbing off all traces of John’s fingerprints. Then, he hurried back down the hall to the interrogation room.
A few weeks later, India’s Department of Culture received a mysteriously heavy package in the mail. It took two large postmen to lift it onto the front desk, where two small receptionists sat, looking at the box and back at each other in confusion. They cut the cardboard, and opened the lid, and inside found an envelope taped to the top of what looked to be an ancient, iron treasure chest.
“Redbeard,” said his mother. “Like the pirate, dear—you remember, Sherlock always wanted to be a pirate.”
Sherlock put Anna in her high chair and took his place beside her at the table as Mrs. Hudson brought the out the roast, everyone oohing and aahing over it. She beamed with pleasure. “Oh stop it, all of you, it’s just an old family recipe."
Sherlock had also put on one of John’s shirts that he’d left in the flat on accident, checked, a little looser fitting than what he’d normally wear. He looked at himself in the mirror, smirking. He looked very American. And
Sherlock resisted the urge to reach out and grab him. “John,” he said, instead, and stopped walking. John turned around and stopped, too. Waited for him to go on.
“I—I know,” I said, even though I didn’t. I didn’t know how I wanted it to be. He was married. He had a child. He had loved me for years.
“Stop it!” Sherlock yelled frantically in reply, his voice cracking with emotion. “Stop! I’ll do anything!” he pleaded. “Please, please…. I’ll do whatever you want.”
Sherlock stood up and practically stomped to the kitchen. He really shouldn’t be this upset, he knew. The rules were very clear, had been for the last six months: they could keep seeing each other as long as Mary didn’t find out. And part of her not finding out involved her not noticing anything unusual—including any such “rifts.” John should go and rekindle his relationship with her, it would ensure that he and John could continue to see each other.
“So… so she must be ready to take over the network,” John interrupted, uneasily. “But she didn’t know where Moriarty was hiding me, if I was even still alive, or she would have gone with her original plan. So she used you instead... the only other person she could be certain wasn’t one of Moriarty’s spies.” He stared at the man in front of him. “Are you going to do it, then? Take down Moriarty?”
“Because that’s how it feels,” I told him. “Even before you kissed me, that’s how it felt. I didn’t know it was love, until now. And maybe it’s not, still. You tell me. You tell me, John. What is that called? When you feel that way? What is it?” I was getting a little hysterical.
“I told you, I’m going to have a talk with him!” There was an edge to John’s voice that he had meant to smooth, and Mary narrowed her eyes.
“Look,” Lestrade continued, “at this point the only thing your statement could help with is soliciting sympathy from the jury. You know, make them want to kill the bastard as much as I did. But my lawyer can do that perfectly well by himself, if he’s halfway decent. There’s enough circumstantial evidence to get anyone with a heart on my side. And like I said… how I finally come out of this is not nearly as important as how
Sherlock awoke in the morning with John’s smelly overnight breath in his face. He slowly shifted away from it and out of bed, careful not to disturb the other man’s slumber. He needed to think, to plan, and couldn’t do it with John there next to him, interrupting his thoughts with sour exhales.
Anna tried to find her voice. “I—I was attacked,” she said breathlessly. The arms still held her tightly.
John’s hands were in fists again, clenching and unclenching, on both sides of his hips. “Don’t you fucking lie to me,” he said, and he was furious. “After everything, Sherlock. Don’t you fucking lie.”
John stood up suddenly. The world seemed to narrow and darken in his periphery until it was only the phone in his sight, held in Sherlock’s outstretched hand and John took it and tapped the arrow in the middle of the screen to play the video. He knew what he would see even before it played and he had known since Sherlock had told him “She’s alive.” He would see his daughter in the video and what’s more, he would believe it was her, despite what he had just said.
The Major turned his head back to look at him. “Aren’t you?” he asked. But the question was almost rhetorical, and Sherlock was stunned for a moment as he asked himself the same one.
I was still trying to process everything. “Actually, you’ve heard it plenty of times,” I said, distractedly. “Just, from everybody else.”
It was Sherlock’s turn to snort, and John smiled again. “I’m perfectly capable of managing them myself.”
John kissed him with renewed vigor and Sherlock reciprocated in kind. Their hands had got involved and were sliding and pressing and grasping places that were rapidly escalating the situation. That was how John found his shirt unbuttoned and his hands up Sherlock’s vest under his jumper on his bare skin. Sherlock ducked and John brought both articles of clothing over his head and Sherlock’s torso was exposed. Sherlock reached inside John’s shirt and folded it off both shoulders and away and then he was tugging John down to the blankets that were still on the ground in front of the fire. The fire crackled as Sherlock pulled John on top of him so that John was able to press his weight onto parts of Sherlock’s body that he hadn’t been able to adequately while standing. Sherlock inhaled sharply and John pressed again and ground down and this he had been sure would have put him off going any further in real life, to feel another man’s cock against his own. But it didn’t and he did it again and again and Sherlock’s hips canted upward to meet his downward stroke. John kissed him hard and with his tongue all the way into Sherlock’s mouth so that there was no space between their lips and they breathed together. John felt the familiar heaviness in his groin, which turned into tightness and acute pleasure with each repetitive movement. The sound of their breathing was so close together that John thought it was almost deafening until he heard Sherlock whimper, and then that was even louder. “Oh,” breathed John, because he’d never imagined Sherlock would sound quite like that and it was better than he had thought.
It had been fun the last few days, having John there in the flat. Anna hadn’t expected it to be fun; she’d expected it to be awkward, and uncomfortable, and a little dull, but not
The kettle started to boil, but John was ignoring it. He stared at me for a long time, breathing fiercely. “I’ve either destroyed your life by making you love me,” he said, finally, “or you were faking and never loved me at all. You can’t have it both ways.”
“Violet,” he said again, his voice gentler. Violet began to cry. “It’s going to be alright,” he told her, not sure why; he certainly didn’t have control over the situation, and could do nothing at the moment to help her.
I watched her carefully. I was a little shocked. My mother had always maintained, throughout my entire life, that the choice she made to be with my father and to have children was one that was deliberate.
“Look, if she died of her injuries, we could firmly add ‘murder’ to Carruthers’ list of crimes, which would help his chances of conviction. But if she didn’t… John, we
I was still livid. Immediately when John had left the flat, I’d regretted everything. Alone in the quiet, staring at his chair, I was reminded of how miserable I was without him, how I could barely even function. There was no way that I could go back to who I’d been, as much as I’d wanted to. This was it. This was who I was, now. I was nothing, except in love with John.
Finally, John broke the silence. His voice was hollow when he spoke. “I guess you know everything now.”
This was the one topic we had avoided, and I had a hunch that I knew why. Because in this, John was faced with his own version of oil and water: his marriage to Mary, and his love for me. Those two didn’t mix, either.
“’Succession,’” Sherlock pronounced for her, finally extracting the money and handing it to the man behind the stand. “It means, something that comes after.”
“Crime,” Mycroft answered. “You have to commit a brilliant crime, so clever that he can’t look away. And when he realizes that it’s been carried out by you, his daughter, he won’t be able to resist meeting you. But from that time forward, you will be on your own. We’ll go over all of the details, for information drops and such, but you will not be able to contact me.” He let her digest that. “And,” he added, “you may have to make some… rather difficult decisions. Moriarty will probably want to test your loyalty somehow, so do what you need to do.
said the voice) but she doubted she would be able to do that; all of the guards had guns. And she wouldn’t be able to get to Moriarty, and he was the main objective—bringing him down, that was more important that anything.
“Thank you,” John said, giving him a sad smile. “It’s not like we didn’t expect it… she was really sick, for a really long time. It’s almost a relief, in some ways.”
. That I’d always wanted it. That there wasn’t anything to lose now, and so I had to tell him. Words poured out of me in a way they’d never done before, which was really saying something, knowing how often and spectacularly I monologued.
We pulled up to 221B, paid the cabby and went up the stairs. John hung up his coat and immediately went to the kitchen to put the kettle on. Tea was his way of setting us up for a “civilized” conversation. (I suppose he figured that we were British, after all, we wouldn’t have a screaming match over
Sherlock choked out a sob, not caring anymore about holding back his screams; he just wanted it to be over.
Despite John’s apparent unwillingness to snog, his hands somehow found their way around Sherlock’s waist, and he kissed back with his tongue. “Sherlock,” he whispered, as Sherlock broke away again to undo John’s belt buckle. “Sherlock, not
John looked down the road, filling up with a new layer of white. His ears cleared until the only sound he heard was the wind in the trees. He gazed up at the treetops bowing down to the gale, then back toward the cabin. He thought of the electric burner, the wood stove, the cellar. He thought of the narrow bed and the cold blankets. He thought of the pond. He thought about going back, cooking the meat for dinner, settling in for the long winter.
Sherlock made another sound into John’s mouth as John’s tongue was busy tasting Sherlock’s. John made a sound too, involuntarily and Sherlock pulled him impossibly closer. John had wondered many times if Sherlock was amenable or even capable of this sort of thing and the myriad of evidence that he was not was part of the reason why John had never tried any of this before. Although a bigger part of the reason was that before Sherlock had jumped from Bart’s, John had not really known how much he had wanted to. And after Sherlock had jumped there had been Mary and John thinking he’d got over wanting to at all.
“Yeah. Great, let’s go,” agreed Lestrade, if a little awed. He turned around, facing me and John again. “Er, thanks, you two. Appreciate you making the trip out.”
“Nonsense, of course you want to go,” he dismissed. “We’re off to see your father, we do it every year on Christmas.” He wrapped his scarf around his neck and took his own coat off the rack.
John made a move to sit down and almost stumbled. He was very tired and had lost some of his sense of balance. He sat down and leaned over until his elbow rested on the floor, then his shoulder. The fire’s heat licked his knees and his forehead with its sharp tongue.
“I think you’ll find that they provide, what was it the lad said…” Mycroft stuck his nose in the air, “a ‘deep, resonating bass.’”
“Bloody hell, Sherlock,” he panted. “That was so bloody hot.” He raked up his shirt and undid his button and zip.
“Shhh,” John soothed, his mouth still on my ear. “Shhh, that’s good. That’s so good, I’ve got you.” I started to come back down and realized that my loud breathing sounded a lot like whimpering. If I sounded like that as I calmed, I must have made some terribly needy sounds during. The way he was talking to me would definitely support that theory.
“Apparently, the Agra treasure was the personal fortune of the Mughal royal family, worth millions and millions of rupees, passed down from emperor to emperor. When the British finally overthrew the Mughals in India, they confiscated the treasure—but, it was locked in a chest, and they couldn’t find the key. They tried other means of opening it, of course—skeleton keys, pure force—but they never succeeded.”
“It’s a good thing I’m such a good shot.” All three of them looked up as Mary stepped out of the shadows. “I was able to pick them off before they killed the lot of you.”
He tried to pay attention to the eulogy, but it was nearly impossible now that he’d seen John. He kept wondering if John was going to get up and talk—probably not, he hated public speaking. But oh, how nice it would be to hear his voice…
It wasn’t exactly what John had had in mind. Not exactly remotely at all. He’d expected the proof, if there was any, to come from a recitation of some Led Zeppelin lyrics and maybe even a riff or two on the violin. He did not expect a guitar, nor Sherlock to plug it into an amp, tune it with a pick between his teeth, and ask for another hit while he strummed out a few warm-up chords. John, bewildered and obedient as always, leaned forward and put the blunt between Sherlock’s plump, pale lips. Sherlock sucked in, with his eyes closed, and played the opening bars of “Hotel California.”
realize that I’ve a wife and family,” John said, sharply. “You do realize what I’m risking to be here. This isn’t
Sherlock stood up so quickly that the blood rushed out of his head. He steadied himself on Molly’s shoulder and threw his brother a look of pure, unadulterated hatred, so intense that Mycroft was physically blown back by it. Mycroft took a step backward, and his eyes widened in confusion. Then they focused on Molly. “What did you say?” he accused.
a sort of drug. He wasn’t like the stupefactious happiness of morphine, or the sharpness and vigor of cocaine, nor the energized focus of nicotine. He was more like the giddiness of caffeine: pure, heart-beating, belly-leaping
A hush fell over the classroom. Anna stared intensely at the spaces between the floor tiles. Jeremy spoke up again. “Did you cut up his body?”
John vomited from the pain and tried to catch his breath, while Moriarty’s gargantuan minion paced back and forth in front of him, waiting for him to recover so that he could inflict further pain without John passing out (at Moriarty’s instruction, probably—John doubted that the brute had enough sense to be so smart, or enough malice to be so cruel). He looked up from the ground and the pool of sick that was soaking through his shirtsleeves to see Sherlock on his knees, his face contorted in fear and anguish. “John,” he said weakly, and, clearly not knowing what else to say, said it again: “John.”
John moved to stand in front of him. “What the hell was that?” he asked. “How can she… what was she thinking?”
Molly looked a little taken aback. “Oh, erm… it was…” She withdrew her hands from the body and held them upright as she went over to the nearest desk and peered down at a file on top. “The
yourself to be kidnapped and tied up for a week just to make friends with the bloke who did it and get him to confess to his other crimes.” Lestrade chuckled and shook his head. “It was some kind of reverse… whaddya call it?”
“Nonsense,” said Sherlock, dismissively. He walked over to the dust bin. “You just haven’t found your field.” He pulled her project out of the bin, eyeing it with disappointment. “Which is clearly not biology.”
Sherlock and Anna were standing on the threshold, their coats covered in snowflakes. Their cheeks were rosy from the cold and the walk, eyes bright and friendly as they exhaled puffs of breath into the chilly air. John’s heart expanded. They looked
Sherlock leaned closer, his voice quiet. “Was it worth it? Your plan of revenge? Was it worth it in the end?”
, thought Anna. But they were so perfect together, and so obviously made for each other, that Anna couldn’t fathom how they’d each survived on their own for thirteen years.
“Mr. Holmes,” Carruthers said, smiling a sinister smile. “I do apologize for the blow to the head, but you were quite out of control.”
have used a medical expert) and the journey (the train had broken down twice on the way home) and when he entered the flat he saw the last thing that he wanted to see: John Watson, passed out in his chair, covered in his own vomit and white as a sheet.
John swallowed. No, he hadn’t. He knew she would say no, absolutely no, no way Sherlock Holmes was going to stay with them for a whole week and certainly no way he was going to bring dangerous experiments into her home. The baby
John! We don’t have statements from Sherlock or Violet saying that they were kidnapped and raped. We don’t have shite, if Violet’s death turns out to be suicide!”
Anna sat, alone now and tied to a chair, tears rolling off of her cheeks and down her chin, dripping onto the front of her shirt as her head hung low. It was awful, this waiting. It was quite possibly the worst part. She didn’t know what Moriarty planned to do, but whatever it was, it would be grotesque, and vicious, and deadly. And inevitable.
Sherlock was quiet for a long moment, his face frozen in its furrowed-brow state, running the knuckle of his index finger over his lips absentmindedly. “Tell me what you know,” he said, finally. “About Moriarty’s plan.”
He leaned his elbows on the table. “Look at me, Sherlock.” I did, reluctantly. He gave me that look, the one that said
Molly rolled her eyes. “Oh God, I know. Anna named her. She was probably eighteen months old and it only made sense in her little mind to name
“You have?” I didn’t even recognize my own voice. It was thick and... and it croaked, like a... frog? Yes. A frog voice. Fuck. My metaphors were degenerating rapidly.
Lestrade held his finger just a few centimeters away from the bell. Sherlock had come here, absolutely sure that the family knew something about Violet Smith… and Sherlock was almost never wrong. And whether it was that fact, or his previous suspicions, or the glowing fog around the streetlights, the Detective Inspector lowered his hand and considered a second option.
Mary’s face relaxed. “Oh, you’ll have plenty of time to recover,” she assured. “I estimate it will take me a year, maybe two, to fully—“
Sherlock smiled a little, remembering the afternoons of his endless chatter all those years ago, John sitting there, listening to it, enthralled by his brilliance. He turned back to John’s grave, staring at it some more. He stepped up to the stone and put his gloved fingers on it, tracing the word “Friend.”
She couldn’t be alive. John knew this because he had seen it happen. He had seen her in front of him sitting on the floor and had heard her crying and seen her reaching to be picked up by the woman who then shot her with the gun she had been pointing at John just before. The woman he was married to but wasn’t really married to because she didn’t exist. The woman standing there killing his daughter with a gun was someone he didn’t know at all who only vaguely resembled the woman who had saved him while Sherlock was pretending to be dead. And after she pulled the trigger and his daughter’s blood was on the floor and his daughter laying in it, silent in a way she had never been, after that the woman looked most completely like a stranger.
John was correcting him. “You couldn’t ever believe she killed her own daughter. Your brain couldn’t comprehend it.” The blanket was rolled, and now he turned it around and unrolled it. “You went looking because you couldn’t believe it was true, even though you were there and you saw it.” Even though the evidence had been there, in front of their eyes and in their ears and then in John's arms afterward. “So you went on a wild goose chase for four years until you finally found some girl with an unknown past who’s about the right age and you have to believe it’s her.” John’s voice was still so calm and he thought he should have been angry but he didn’t feel angry at all. He didn’t really feel anything.
It hit Sherlock, suddenly, like a sledgehammer to the head, his brain banging around in his skull with the revelation.
Molly giggled, her mood lifting suddenly as she imagined it. “That’s why I volunteered,” she explained. Then her smile melted as she realized the depth of what she’d actually volunteered for. “Anna…” she started. Then, “I’ll keep your secret.”
look. He knew that one, too. “Let’s not get too carried away,” Sherlock told her, awkwardly giving her a pat on the back. “I haven’t found her, yet.”
“Sherlock.” John’s voice wavered. “I know I’m very, very late. I know that. And I’m sure this is all a lot to process, for you, but… well, I just had to say it, in case I didn’t get another chance. I spent thirteen years regretting that I never said it, thinking that I might die there in prison and you would never know... So, there it is.” He nodded. “I love you.”
“Anna told me you were here,” John said, by way of explanation. “She… I thought I should, you know, say hello.”
John was so upset that he didn’t speak for a full five seconds. “That’s what you think? That I’m—I’m—Christ, Sherlock. This isn’t fair. You’re punishing me, and it’s not fair. I didn’t
And if near-death experiences were what it took... well. Our lives were about to get a little more dangerous.
“You made a vow to them, John. That was never going to be easy, either. You ask me not to give up on us, but by that same logic, you can’t give up on them. That’s why you haven’t told her yet. You’re still trying to decide which life you want.” I took a deep breath. “I’m making it easy for you. Go back to your family. You owe it to Mary, to keep the promise you made on your wedd—“
“Lestrade told me you wouldn’t let the paramedics treat you,” John explained, quietly. “I understand if you don’t want them to…” His voice wavered. “Look, Sherlock, I know you. I know you would tell someone if you needed medical attention. That’s why I brought my things, just in case.” John gently pushed his bag forward, and Sherlock continued to watch it. “So I’m only going to ask you once… Do you need me to examine you?”
“You must come in and eat something,” the landlady went on, in that endearingly bossy way that he remembered so well. “Both of you.” She looked over at Anna, finally, and reached one hand out to her while the other still rested on John’s shoulder. “So lovely to see you, dear. Sherlock was ever so worried about you. Where is he, by the way?”
“No! No. It’s more than that. It’s just... I’ve never... I don’t think I can... feel, that way, about someone, if I’m not... feeling... other things.”
Sherlock came over to sit cross legged in front of the fire. He padded over still drying his hair and when he sat he put on his wool socks before he crossed his legs and bent his head towards the heat. They sat there for a while staring at the fire and saying nothing. Afterward John started to feel tired so he stood and put another log on and announced that he was going to bed. “You can sleep in the chair, if you like,” he said.
“Anna, you should know how surprised I am. I don’t often become surprised, you see, because I’m usually smarter than everyone, and I know what they’re going to do even before they think of doing it. But now, I am surprised.”
Mycroft sighed. “I had my fun, but now it’s time for me to be the responsible one. As always. This is not a game, dear brother.”
We fell asleep together after that. For a few hours anyway, until John shifted and it woke me, and I looked at the time on the clock. “John.” I shook him, and he grunted. “John, it’s twelve-thirty.” I sat up and switched on the lamp.
Anna did as she was bid. “I just don’t understand,” she told him, softly. “Why did you send him away? Why, when my
“What if they catch you, John?” Mary asked him, quietly. “What if you go to prison? What if you… you leave us…” She started to cry. “You never
“You were right.” Lestrade’s voice was hollow, suddenly changed. “I should have shot the bastard when I had the chance.”
“And you’ve brought me a present!” Moriarty skipped over to a table that held the cape, crown, and scepter she’d stolen. He picked up the scepter. It was covered in dried blood, caked in the crevices and on the jewels. “
“Just wait ‘til she’s a teenager.” Lestrade shook his head. “It’s complete chaos, twenty-four-seven. Don’t know how I manage to stay afloat.” He smiled again. “You know, we should go for a pint sometime. Just the dads, a little break from reality.”
Suddenly Anna shrieked a high-pitched response from the ground, looking for all the world like she was cross with Sherlock for tattling. John felt like making the same sound—especially when Mary turned to him with a face full of rage. “Oh, come on,” he huffed, his complexion growing pink. “He’s full of shite, just making stuff up for the hell of it—“
John smiled and shook his head at her, fondly. But he began to look around anyway, a discreet inspection to make sure she was indeed handling the cleaning. And she was right, it was clean. In fact, everything looked
Sherlock pulled back from John’s shoulder and looked him full in the face. John’s eyes were glassy, half lidded, his lips swollen and a pleasant flush on his cheeks and neck. His mouth was open, breath coming in and out heavily. He was gorgeously aroused, and he wanted Sherlock to…
Sherlock was about to retort when he caught a glimpse of the spine. “Dan Brown?” he scoffed. “For God’s sake, Mycroft, how the hell can you read that rubbish? His deductions are completely unrealistic—“
“Mary—“ John said her name as he and Sherlock fumbled to pull up their trousers. “Mary, listen to me—“
“I’m sorry,” said John, catching his breath. “Sherlock, it’s just so—“ he laughed again. “Inappropriate. Or,
The Yard had looked into that, too, but it had checked out. And with the corroborating accounts from neighbors saying that they
“Thanks, yes, we did,” Mary confirmed, squeezing John’s hand and smiling at him. He smiled back, warmly.
“Ahem… brought you a little something,” said the man, attempting a smile (which resulted in his looking slightly constipated). Mycroft’s way of interacting with Anna involved bringing her a gift every time he came over. She didn’t mind, of course, but it was a little bizarre—as if Mycroft was so far out of his element around children that he thought the only way they would tolerate him would be with a gift in their hands. He made a show of stepping around the backpack, then walked up to the sofa and reached into his jacket to pull out a small box. “A little birdie told me you’ve become quite the music lover,” he explained. Anna knew that little “birdie” was Sherlock, and she also knew that Sherlock probably hadn’t described her music habit in such gentle terms. He’d probably been complaining about it, which gave Mycroft the perfect excuse to get Anna a gift that would drive Sherlock up the wall.
“Because,” said Sherlock, shaking John’s hands off his right foot and sticking out his left for its turn, “you’ve never once mentioned them or gone to see them in all the years I’ve known you. I’ve heard of your lesbian, alcoholic sister, but not your
frightened), but it was always reassuring to have a familiar face standing next to him. Not mention one that had military training, and a gun.
“Why don’t you just call Lestrade, like you said in your message? The police are much better equipped—“
“Does it feel like a drug?” I interrupted, on purpose. “Like you can’t wait for the next hit? Does it thrill you, to your very core, just thinking about it? Does it make you want to give up everything you’ve ever done, everything you’ve ever wanted, everything you ever were, just to have it again?” I loomed over him, at some point having crossed the room.
“I can’t take it anymore,” Mary whispered after she’d pulled him round the corner of the hallway. “He’s driving me insane.”
Mary slowed the boat to a gentle stop. As the roar of the engine subsided, the sound of the one behind them grew, and she watched its maker approach. She raised her arms in the air.
Molly briefly got an image of a worm on a fishing hook and felt her stomach turn. Mycroft had put Anna there, to catch Moriarty... but how was Anna being with Moriarty going to catch him? Hadn’t Mycroft just effectively sent Anna in to be slaughtered? How could he trap Moriarty when his bait had fallen off the hook and right into Moriarty’s mouth?
“Too late?” Sherlock echoed, his eyebrows drawn together. He stared at John in his stooped-shouldered, silver-haired, wrinkled-skinned stated. At his face, all red and puffy and features pinched in from crying. He thought of every time he’d felt alone, or inadequate, or unworthy in the last twenty years; it was all due to what John Watson had done. He’d smashed Sherlock’s heart into a pulp.
John finished urinating and cleaned up the floor, then took a deep breath and went downstairs. He shuffled into the kitchen, where Sherlock was perched over his microscope, adjusting the focus wheel. Sherlock didn’t look up or say anything as John stopped and stared at him.
he’d felt. Deciding that he was going to get John out of that building before the bomb exploded, or die trying. John’s motionless form top-lit by those damn fluorescent lights, swaying back and forth across his vision as Lestrade carried him out of the building. The feeling of the explosion—he’d felt everything, the tremor, the percussion, the heat—and then the stomach-plummeting realization that John was dead.
at the party? He tried to think up a reason, but then John’s eyes locked with his and Sherlock realized it didn’t matter why they were here—they were
The process of putting her into Moriarty’s inner circle was going to be a tricky one. They could not just drop her in front of his “lair”… as if they even knew where that was. No, Moriarty had to come to her, so they had to figure out how to get his attention.
Sherlock lost consciousness at some point on the way back to land, so he wasn’t aware that John, small and slight as he was now, carried him off the boat as soon as they’d hit shore; that Anna had run to the nearest person she could find, pleading with him to call an ambulance; that before the ambulance had arrived, John made Anna put as much weight as she could into Sherlock’s shoulder while he performed chest compressions to keep his heart going; that John had shoved a gun into the faces of the paramedics to make them agree to him and Anna riding in the back of the ambulance; that John held Anna’s face to his chest as the paramedics ripped open Sherlock’s shirt and attached monitoring and breathing apparatuses to his body; that John was arrested as soon as he stepped off the ambulance, Anna screaming at the police, John telling her to go into the hospital, that everything was going to be alright; that Anna stayed awake through the hours Sherlock was on the operating table, alone and afraid; that she actually hugged and
Whew, this one was difficult to get through, especially the last few chapters... I wasn't sure how to wrap everything up, and I'm still not sure if I'm completely satisfied with the ending. Feedback is appreciated! Thank you for reading :)
As Anna lifted her eyelids in defiance for the last time of the night, she saw the shadowy figures of John and Sherlock standing in the kitchen. Their images were flickering from visible to invisible and back again in the dying firelight, but she could see they were standing close, and whispering, and kissing each other warmly. Anna’s lips curled into a smile as her eyes closed and her face finally relaxed. She quickly fell into a deep, contented sleep.
but John. He couldn’t imagine feeling like this about anyone else, ever. Loving both of them? That sounded like a cop-out.
“The name of the boat,” Sherlock interrupted, suddenly. He blinked. “Molly, do you remember the name of the boat?”
Sherlock had whirled around on his heel and exited Lestrade’s office. However, a second later, he popped back in. “Where’s this party?”
Sherlock didn’t respond. No, he didn’t have a plan, short of his recurring fantasy of finding wherever she was and mowing down every soul in the room with a machine gun. The silence dragged on and soon, John’s expression grew cross. “You don’t trust me,” he stated.
“It’s not that I don’t like him,” Mary replied, quickly, glancing around to the couch where Sherlock was sitting with their daughter on his lap and his laptop open in front of them. “You know that. It’s just… I can’t have him in the house, John. I
Sherlock pursed his lips, his pride not wanting to let him admit the truth. “It would be simpler for you to just tell me,” he said, carefully.
I wasn’t the type of person to feel guilt. I just wasn’t. I was a rare occurrence, if I did feel it, and the only times I ever really did were when John had pointed out that I should. And this case was no exception, really. The Wembley murderer, the one who had been cutting people in half, had killed twice more during the last week whilst I had been preoccupied with my first positive sexual excursion. It wasn’t my fault if Scotland Yard was too stupid to catch him on their own, so I felt nothing akin to guilt. But the morning after John had left at twelve-thirty AM, I had needed a distraction—and what better than a fresh dead body? “Address?” I asked.
John felt anger flare inside him. “Well, but I’m not useless, am I? I told you that Mary wants Moriarty gone. I gave you that. You wouldn’t have even thought to work with her if it weren’t for me.”
This was absolutely ridiculous. Something had to be done. Sherlock sighed and reached down again to feel himself through the thin fabric of his boxers. He was very hard, and very aroused, and he quickly spit into his hand and slid it under the waist of his pants. He ran his fingers over the head of his cock, smearing the wetness around, before stroking once with his now contracted fist and letting a groan of pleasure escape his throat. This wasn’t going to take long, he’d do it quick and clean up and go back to sleep and be good for another couple of months.
“It’s not like in fairytales,” John said, as if Sherlock was a child. “There isn’t—it’s not ‘one person for everyone.’ There’s no such thing as ‘true love.’ There’s no such thing as ‘soul mates.’ You pick someone you love and you fucking
Carruthers nodded. “Yes, and I usually prefer to wear a mask… but no need to, in this case.” He looked down to inspect the cleanliness of his glasses before putting them back on his face. “Killing is quite rare, actually. We only kill the ones that discover who we are.” He winked through the lenses, and Sherlock felt a bolt of fear down his back.
John could barely see them, poking out above his trousers, but there were two distinct thumb-shaped contusions on his hips. He absentmindedly reached out and let a gloved finger graze the one on the right—and then felt his jaw go slack as all the pieces came rushing together.
“SHERLOCK!” yelled John, and flung the door open wide, using it as a shield as he shot at the guards running down the hallway towards them.
Sherlock finally looked up from his microscope. “You wanted me to leave you, passed out in the middle of the living room, covered in your own sick, me not knowing if you were dead or alive? No, John, you didn’t want to be ignored. If you had, you would have just gone and drunk yourself to sleep in your bedroom where you’d have thought I wouldn’t know the difference.”
Sherlock was obviously caught off guard by the question. “I… well… she’s very smart, of course. Quick-witted, to be more descriptive.” His face began to relax. “She likes to give me a hard time. Calls me out when I’m being…” He pursed his lips. “You know.”
“It’s been a long while since I’ve had a man,” Carruthers murmured gently, ignoring his wife and Violet. He stepped forward and reached a hand out to thread through Sherlock’s curls. “I’m quite picky, you know. I like mine combative, stubborn. I like to break them, you see.” He gripped the top of Sherlock’s hair in his fingers. “What a lovely stroke of luck that
what happened to him? Why? Why bother with wasting the time for Sherlock to deduce anything, when John could just tell him? And even if Sherlock had deduced it, he’d still want to hear the story from John; when they solved crimes together in the past, he’d always wanted to listen to the explanation from the criminal’s own lips. He enjoyed hearing that he was right, it was immensely satisfying. John knew that...
Sherlock sighed. “I suppose. But your marks still have to improve. This can’t interfere with your studies—and if it does, no more band.”
shouted the voice again. Instead of obeying, she leapt forward and grabbed Anna across the shoulders, holding one of the guns against her temple. “Get off the boat, both of you!” she snarled, turning to the side so that the arm that held Anna’s shoulders could still point its gun at John and Sherlock. They stared at her, unmoving.
have blood drawn,” Mary told Sherlock, too low for John to hear. “But he won’t let anyone go near her. Get him
“Which is absolutely preposterous,” Sherlock pointed out. “Please, John, as if you could have seen the future. As if you knew this would happen.”
John turned around sharply at the sound of Sherlock’s voice, for it had come from the opposite end of the house than he’d expected. He’d thought that Sherlock would still be standing by the door and not knowing what to do with himself but instead he was crouched in front of the stove and loading wood with a little kindling and moss from the box John kept on the floor beside it. Sherlock opened the flue and struck a match on the brick hearth. It hissed into flame and he lit the moss in a few places and threw the rest of the match inside. Then he swung the glass door halfway closed so that air could still draw in from the outside and stood up and turned around. “Need help with dinner?” he asked.
“True, indeed. The corners of your mouth are twitching up—you’re about to giggle. And I’m going to make you.”
Lestrade inclined his head curtly, and hung up the phone. He got out of the chair and was just about to leave when he heard Sherlock bang on the glass. He turned back and saw the consulting detective mouth the words “Thank you,” through the transparent divide.
have been counterfeit. “You found the real one, before, probably using some miniscule clue you’d found on those poor dead fisherman who chartered me out to the spot where I’d hidden it. Then you replaced it with a fake.”
Sherlock realized that he’d been going about this all the wrong way. He’d been pretending to be okay, going out by himself, when he really wasn’t. He’d been pretending that everything was back to normal. He’d thought that maybe if he pretended long enough, things would get there, eventually. But that was clearly not happening. He was still afraid, and John was still beside himself with guilt, now apparently ready to go to prison in an attempt to ease his tormented soul.
Anna’s eyes lit up as John held out the keys to her; she grabbed them excitedly and bounded to the driver’s side. John slid into the passenger seat and adjusted his bad leg to a comfortable position as Anna put the keys into the ignition and gripped the wheel eagerly.
After Mary had left, Sherlock had continued to stand helplessly in the middle of the bathroom, staring out the empty door. In his periphery, John saw Sherlock’s eyes fall to the pile of clothes next to the tub, then move up to John. John, for his part, had ignored the gaze, instead standing with his head in the shower spray, staring far, far off into the space beyond.
In the weeks that followed, there was the occasional middle-of-the-night weeping, after a particularly nice dream, but he didn’t count those; things done when switching from fantasy to reality in half-asleep states didn’t count. When he was awake, he was fully in control. He was proud of himself, for that.
. This is what you always do. How could I think that you’d treat me any different? How could I possibly have thought I was different?” John angrily tried to wipe away his tears. “No,” he said, “I’ll tell you why. Because you loved me, Sherlock. You
,” as in, someone besides Sherlock. Did that… did that mean that Sherlock… that he wanted to… that he was waiting for…
“Touch me,” Sherlock ordered, and felt John startle beneath him. “Come on, doctor,” he growled, his own voice unrecognizable to him, “show me what’s good for my health.”
As soon as the door was closed, John let out the breath he’d been holding. “What happened?” he asked, quietly.
like I can. That’s all she really wants, anyway, someone to sit there and listen to what she has to say. Don’t you, Anna?” he asked her, pinching her cheek. “Not unlike someone else I know,” he added, glancing in Sherlock’s direction.
Sherlock looked at him and took the gloves. His eyes were still the same sterling silver and John noticed that they reflected a bit of green today because of the coat. Sherlock nodded his assent and replaced the gloves on his hands with the ones John had given him, and then bent over to pick up the larger piece of wood that needed another split and set it on the stump.
John fidgeted where he stood, clearly waiting for Sherlock to reply. “This is the part where you say something, Sherlock,” he muttered, forcing a nervous laugh. “Someone says they love you and you don’t just stare at them.”
Mary stared at him for a moment, in disbelief. She glanced at his bloodied clothes on the floor. “They said he was mutilated,” she murmured, almost to herself.
Sherlock whipped around to see what was the matter, and saw that the body on the table wasn’t a fisherman….
He proceeds to suck me so well that I start to yelp. The lady next door has moved on to actual songs, now, and I find myself yelping in time to the music. I recognize it: “I Could Have Danced All Night” from
Mary Watson was a touchy subject around the Holmeses—well, really, around anyone who had known her. Anna knew that she had betrayed John in some way, and it had resulted in his death, but that was about all she could get from anyone. Mary had disappeared, afterward, but to where, and why… Anna had stopped asking those questions a long time ago.
“No,” Sherlock choked out, but it was all he could manage; his previously confident, dirty-talking attitude had vanished completely.
The first thing he saw was the boy. He was tall and thin and rolling slowly on top of the bed. No, not
John took a deep breath. As a doctor, he’d had many a finger up a man’s bum, but this was a completely different situation. Sherlock shuffled his feet farther apart, so that John could see what he was doing, and he turned his head to watch himself begin working a finger into the pucker of Sherlock’s opening. It was incredibly erotic, especially as he could see Sherlock moving a little bit, sitting back every time John pushed in farther. He used his free hand to brush down Sherlock’s spine, then flipped it over and stroked up from Sherlock’s inner thighs, pressing lightly on his taint. He heard Sherlock’s breath hitch, at that, and smiled with satisfaction.
John ignored him, instead advancing toward Carruthers, his gun still at attention, looking for all the world like a raging bull. He stepped up to Carruthers’ side and kicked him, hard. Carruthers shouted in pain—John used the distraction to grab his cuffed hands and drag him over to the table. He pulled out a second pair of handcuffs from his back pocket and clasped the first pair to the table leg.
“Where’s all the backup you promised?” Sherlock shouted, angrily, taking Mycroft’s gun up for himself with his one good arm. The other hung limply at his side, blood dripping steadily onto the floor.
John’s eyes were glassy. They swam in great pools. “I never knew you to think anything was impossible.”
Sherlock came up to Anna and knelt beside her. She was hovering over a wide, flat rock and had a smaller, thicker rock in her hand, and there were two piles of fish bodies laying next to her, separated into what looked like miniature fillets and the leftover skins. “What are you doing, Anna?” he inquired, trying to sound as nonchalant as possible. He’d learned that tone of voice was best when attempting to get a child to divulge the truth.
“If Lestrade went through all of this effort to make sure you weren’t tied to the crime… then it’s our duty to make sure he didn’t do it for nothing.” Sherlock turned and went to get his overcoat. “Which means that you will remain here, out of sight, until I sort this out.”
” he sobbed, throwing his arms across his face in embarrassment and shame. “Get the hell out of my flat!”
!” Sherlock growled, wrenching his arm out of Mycroft’s grasp. “What the hell are you playing at?” Mycroft never debased himself to physical violence. That was Sherlock’s thing.
, he’d toss off quickly in the shower, not really thinking about anything, just trying to get some relief and move on to more important things.
Sherlock stared at his brother. “When a criminal is outside the reach of the law,” he began, “then yes. I believe, as you put it, in ‘sacrificing one for the good of the whole.’ In this case, sacrificing oneself to end the cycle of violence.”
“Sorry, no sugar,” said John as he stirred the onions with a wooden spoon. “There’s a little honey left in the jar above the fridge.” He nodded to it and Sherlock looked over. John had lost two bee colonies this year but he still had enough to produce the little honey he used. It was worrisome though that the bees were dying, not because he liked honey on his toast from time to time but because he needed the bees to pollinate his garden. It was an epidemic due to disease and pesticide and John thought he could avoid it out here in the woods, but perhaps he was not far enough away still.
“I,” Sherlock’s father corrected, smiling at his wife, “I thought it would be good for him to have a pet. You know, something to cuddle, to love.”
.” He strode back to Anna and grabbed her by the collar, dragging her out from the line to face Sherlock and John on the ground. “But how do I decide which one lives, and which one dies? They both have their good and bad qualities, to be sure… yet if I really think about it, it shouldn’t be up to me to decide;
John broke their embrace and tried to push away the tightness in his throat. “Christ,” he murmured. “Why does this feel like we’re bloody breaking up?” He stole a nervous glance at Sherlock and laughed, darkly. “Bloody ridiculous.”
“Please give my love to John and Mary, and the baby, of course,” said the Major, putting his hat back on his head. “I’ll come visit another time.”
“But…” Molly’s voice drifted off as she tried to work it out. The band was a cover-up. Anna had been acting strange because she’d been training to be a spy, not because she was fooling around with some boy… so why…
I was sure of which of my parents I wanted to see. My mother would be the one to give me the advice I needed. The subject was a delicate one, but I needed to face the cold hard truth of it. I’d already indulged too much in sentiment, which is how I’d got in this position in the first place. I had no need to sit with my head on my dad’s shoulder for a bit first. But I hadn’t announced I was coming so I was going to get what I’d get when I walked in the door.
Sherlock must have known what he was thinking, because suddenly he pushed John’s finger out with a “pop” and dropped to his knees. “Sher—“ John started but ended in surprise as Sherlock shimmied his trousers and pants off his hips in an instant. He paused and looked at John’s cock for a moment, already thick and taut, then back up at John’s face.
John did a double take at the question. “Erm… no… that’s all you got from this?” He raised his eyebrows in concern. “Wait… You didn’t do a paternity test? I thought for sure you would have confirmed—“
Sherlock slid his glass onto the table and sat back again, pressing his palms together under his chin. “You have to stop punishing me for leaving. And I have to stop punishing you for moving on.”
Molly looked at the ticket on the body’s toe. “Yes, that’s… that’s what it says. All three came in yesterday afternoon, right before I left.”
I wanted to help him but I couldn’t bloody move. All I could do was breathe and shift to the side, so that he had more space to move his hand. My eyes were shut but I could feel him jerking himself, his hand milking his cock under my stomach. He shivered and shook beneath me, soft moans over my head, and then he finally groaned and spilled between us. “I love you,” he whispered into my hair. “I love you.”
But John’s smile had faded. He peered down at the bit of liquor still sloshing about in his tumbler. “It’s true, though, you know? There’s… there’s no one else like you.” He paused another moment, then sniffed and drained his glass. He looked up and his smile returned, but weaker, this time. "I've missed you, you know?"
Molly looked at her, worriedly. “Alright,” she conceded. Anna gave her a small smile, and she returned it but didn’t look reassured.
learned chess from Mycroft, she remembered now. In fact, the more she thought about it, some of her earliest memories were of sitting across from him at the chessboard, staring at the checkered squares while she either thought of her next move or tried to guess at Mycroft’s.
