As soon as Dean makes his way to get up, Castiel lunges forward to grab his shoulder and push him back down on the ground with an
"Okay! Okay. Stop giving me that look."
And with the way Castiel is dribbling out precome like a fucking faucet, Dean's mouth can't help but salivate at the sight, the insides of his cheeks stinging with it. He's never wanted a cock in his mouth so bad, had never even really thought of it before —
"Yeah, sure, Cas. We'll do that."
"This... 'arousal' as you call it — I do not like it. Does it not only happen while you are fornicating? Why is it happening to me all of the time?"
and he doesn't know if he could take this sort of ridicule if this all happened to be 'Prank Dean Day'.
Castiel's eyes shift from that death stare back to that astonished look, the kind that happens when Dean says or does something that catches him off guard. He seems so small when he looks like that and Dean doesn't know how to feel about it.
Dean lets out a nervous little laugh, his eyes immediately flicking back up, not wanting to look down any more than he has to, his face heating up considerably. How could Castiel not have known? How could Dean not have known?
— before it ebbs away, slowly, slowly, until he blinks away the tears in his eyes and it's over.
All too soon, his pleasure is building to a crescendo and all he can do is whine out, "nngh, Caaas —
and jerking pathetically against his palm, "I got you."
Dean doesn't know what to say. Seeing Castiel so vulnerable and small was so different to what Dean had seen of him up until now, and he doesn't know how to react.
Dean chuckles. "You aren't so holy, Cas. You were cast out of heaven, remember? And even before then, angels themselves are hardly innocent. Is it that hard to believe?"
"No," Castiel declared, voice firm and just. "If... If you're..."
When Castiel makes his way over, shoulder brushing past his, it starts to hit Dean like a ton of bricks. He's going to show Castiel how to touch himself. Oh, God.
Shit.
Castiel is quiet for a minute, and Dean takes that opportunity to push him back a bit so that he can get past him into the main area of the motel room. He stumbles back slightly, jostling with the movement only because he
, Dean thinks to himself. He ignores the fact that Castiel doesn't actually have to undress for this.
has all the fight and adrenaline that was coursing through his veins leave his body in two seconds flat. It has him feeling a little unsteady and he leans back on the wall a little more, eyebrows furrowing down in confusion. Castiel was absolutely debauched, his breath coming out shaky and heavy and Dean grew even more concerned when Castiel still had not said anything, still pushing Dean up against the wall with a force Dean was no competition to.
Castiel's mouth opens on an
— he's sitting on the edge of bed just like Dean asked, hands folded in his lap, twiddling his thumbs in an anxious sort of way — so
", his nails dig their way into Dean's scalp, pulling the hair there so hard that Dean's head is jerked to the side with the motion of it making him grunt out. Bursts of color flash behind his eyelids. Castiel is trembling, his hands absolutely
it didn't work. I do not understand how it is supposed to work, but I tried and I experienced discomfort, so I did not do it again."
"Uh... T-Thanks, buddy," is all Dean can think to say, voice slurring, body feeling like lead. Castiel tilts his head at him and squints, clearly not nearly as sluggish like how Dean is. Dean wonders briefly if it's because he's an angel and he doesn't really get tired, but the thought is gone as soon as it came, unable to really focus on anything for more than a second. He can't help but yawn, left hand coming up to scrub down his face. He knows he needs to clean up the mess that's currently drying in his pants but he just can't be bothered to. Nothing seems to be more tempting than sleep right now.
Castiel looks astounded for a second, mouth open in a stunned silence before he clears his throat. "Well... this sort of thing has been going on for a few days — actually, I believe this has been happening for a while but it had never been as serious as this, and I…"
"Yeah."
— with that stare that he always does and Dean's trying his best not to look up.
and you definitely don't do that shit with other guys," he snaps defensively, already beginning to back up, leaning his weight on his heels, trying to get as far away from this conversation as he possibly could. He doesn't like where this whole thing was headed ( — but
He's nervous.
before steadying himself.
"Cas, hey," Dean interjects in disbelief, all shocked and taken aback. Castiel immediately shuts up, breathing loudly and rushed through his nose. He looks insane and Dean was starting to feel a little nervous. What if the witch really did cast a spell on him?
S-Something is happening, I don't..."
"Thanks, Cas," mumbles Dean, voice muffled. the ends of Castiel's lips tilt up in a ghost of a smile, eyes shining.
, that's — yeah.
" — 's okay, Cas, I-I got you," he whispers, voice trembling, eyes fixed on how Castiel is absolutely on
Silence follows them. Him and Castiel seem to have a bit of a staring contest, their eyes boring into each other. Castiel's eyes are blank — unforgiving — and Dean's eyes are full of longing, hoping Castiel would say something to get rid of the heaviness that floated in the air around them. Finally,
Castiel nods feverishly, almost like he wants Dean to stop talking and to just continue already.
He barely registers the deep moan that followed after his words, too busy rushing to continue with a stuttering, "you feel a, uh, warmth? Rising, like, in your lower stomach?"
Dean can't help pause his ministrations with a snort. "Things trigger it? Like what?"
"No, I am not. Manual stimulation does not seem all that hard to do, Dean. All you do is grab it and pull up and down until — "
I? I don't know if you know this, Cas, but that kind of shit is kind of
Dean holds himself back from cooing softly at his flustered state. Knowing he's going to take one of Castiel's firsts — his first fucking
manage to kill her, correct? Well, yes, obviously, since I was there and saw it happen. Although, maybe she — "
After a few moments, though, Dean is finally forced to grab the beer and lift his head back up, the air of the motel suddenly feeling ten times hotter than it was before, making Dean's cheeks pink back up all over again. He closes the door with a small smack and turns back around, backing up slightly when he realizes Castiel is back to being fully dressed and is suddenly
“Never,” Castiel doesn't laugh. Why would he find humor in something so terribly against what he is feeling? “Dean, I really like you.”
Dean interrupts Cas by pulling his friend in for a hug. “I don’t care who you like. Boys, girls, it doesn’t matter to me.”
Charlie walks in and curtsies, “hey, handmaiden.”
Well, almost everything.
"So, Cas, maybe we could do this again?" Dean raises his eyebrow hoping Castiel gets the hint. But he also hopes Castiel doesn't think sex is all Dean wants. Sure that'd be fun, but really being with someone would also. Dean feels light headed thinking about what it would be like if things go well between them. He'd have to tell Emma.
The car ride back to Dean’s house was pretty silent. Besides the joke Cas made to Dean about “clearly not winning back Anna” the two ride in silence.
“It's not fair. You have a job, you have the ability to get up and leave. My apartment is small. My job, working at the pet shop, isn't the best for money. Sure I learn a lot from it and I think it's a great thing to do, but I don't have anything else. I don't even have you.” Cas stands up and walks back over to his clothes, “Dean I want to go back. I can't sit here with you when I know you will leave me.”
When the two are finished, they decide to clean up in Dean's shower. Where a round two may or may not have taken place. Once they are dried off in their towels, Dean offers Castiel some of his fresh clothes. He decides Castiel looks beyond sexy in plaid.
Dean shrugs, “well maybe I won’t to yours.”
The sight of the the mans legs spread and his hand coasting up and down his shaft is enough to make Dean moan. Castiel's eyes are shut and he doesn't even realize Dean walked in the room. If Dean wasn't so god damn ready to have his first male fuck, he could just sit back and watch Castiel's hand work like magic. He slowly unbuttons his jeans and pulls them down until they fall in a pile at his ankles. He pulls his shirt over the top of his head and prays to god Castiel doesn't have a thing for 6 pack wonders. Not that he isn't in shape, Dean has a rocking body, but his stomach is squishy in all the right ways.
Castiel whined to Dean not to call him honey, but it was too late. The pet name stuck. But Dean's favorite thing to call him, is simply "Cas."
But this particular moment hits Dean like a truck. He feels uneasy meeting this new guy who introduces himself as ‘Cassie’s boyfriend.’ Dean looks at Cas like his best friend would correct the guy- but Cas just smiles along and gives this guy one of the softest expressions Dean could only dream of.
Mr. Winchester lets out a loud laugh. “Um wow. I think I got about half of that. But I’m very proud of you for owning up to… all of that. I am disappointed that you felt the need to interview your peers with this, but I think I can forgive you. As long as you don’t go spreading gossip and rumors again.” He chuckles watching her head bounce in agreement. “To make you feel better, not as many kids are blabbing about this as you think. But you should know better.”
Dean can't argue with that. “You sure? Yeah. Okay, beats getting more knotted up. Thank you.”
Gabriel rolls his eyes and whispers at Dean, "it's your brothers money, jackass."
Dean unlocks his doors and opens it for Castiel to slide in. Dean plops down on the opposite side and reaches into the paper bag holding their food. "I need to eat right now before I get on the road again. But the oceans only a hour or so away."
She throws a jacket on and clears the drinks to the sink. “You were just fine. Come back whenever you want. My name's Jo. Thanks for wasting your money on crappy food and booze.” That makes Dean chuckle and he shakes his head, stepping out into the chilled October air.
“You got company,” Dean says rolling his eyes. Charlie spins around in her bar stool to see a big eyed brunette walk over. Charlie takes the shot glass from Dean's hand and slurps it down and clearing her throat. She licks her lips over with her tongue and waves to Dean as if to say “don't wait up.” Dean knows the drill. The two have fun all day with larping, go out and get some food at a bar around ten, and then Dean sits around until morning creeps up when Charlie texts him that she went home with her latest fling.
Castiel shook his head. “That’s when you’re goofing around, making yourself sound terrible,” he said. “You forget, I’ve heard you singing in the shower. You’re not as bad as you try and make out.”
“Damn,” Dean said, shaking his head. “Guess we don’t have to worry about crowding each other out in that bed, huh?”
Dean shook his head, pulling off his leather jacket and hanging it neatly on a hook behind the door. He paused to turn the latch, securing their compartment from any outside intrusion, and moved to sit and pull off his boots.
They retired to their room not long after that, still fatigued from their travel in spite of their rest earlier in the day. Castiel was feeling a little strange, as though there were things going on above his head that no one had told him about. It was more than a little disconcerting.
Jo’s relationship with Dean’s younger brother was a new development; Dean had explained their dueling crushes over the years they had known her, how Sam would find himself head over heals for his friend just as she found a new boyfriend, and vice versa. They had finally gotten their shit together, as Dean had put it, only a few months prior, and the history between them made the early days of their connection somewhat tenuous. Adding in the jealous streak that Sam insisted he didn’t have and Jo’s brief infatuation with Castiel not long after they had first met, and it would only be asking for trouble.
A smile ghosted over Castiel’s lips at the thought of it; Layla Goode had been a quiet, soft-spoken woman who had rarely raised her voice or argued, so when she did, it was with good reason. He had often grinned over the thought of his gentle, sweet mother so brazenly disregarding her parents’ admittedly prejudiced concerns; part of him still wished he could have seen it with his own eyes. He paused a moment and reached into his suitcase, deciding to add a pullover sweater to his outfit; the cavernous old house could get chilly in the evenings.
Castiel couldn’t help but laugh at that, reaching and lacing his fingers through Dean’s.
“Michael!” Castiel called, clearly delighted by the arrival of another of his brothers. “I didn’t think you’d be able to make it!”
Missouri called for everyone to take their places and Dean stepped up on the raised altar bed, giving Castiel a somewhat nervous grin and elbowing him as he passed.
He doesn't quite know when Castiel started making these tiny little rocking motions against his arm with his hips, but he's not complaining. Dean is trying his best to hold it together, trying not to moan like a fucking
Castiel is leaking like crazy, too, making a mess of Dean's hand and his boxers, the fabric dampening and darkening with it. Dean wants to say something — anything — to break the almost unbearable silence, but he can't find his voice. It got lost somewhere between the time that he finally got Castiel out of his boxers and the time Castiel made his first noise. He tries to swallow down the lump in his throat.
"You are tired," states Castiel.
Yeah.
Dean's so exhausted that his brain barely registers Castiel's words, but when they do, his head snaps over to where Castiel is standing a few feet away from the bed, eyes glued to him. He's not smiling, not
He can feel the way Castiel is thickening up further between his fingers, the tip of his cock turning almost purple with the pressure of his arousal. Dean doesn't have enough time —
, Dean wants to be his prey.
"I..." is all he manages to get out.
"Here, just... Just sit down at the edge of the bed."
Well, what is he supposed to do when Castiel asked so nicely?
That seemed to help, finally, as Castiel's head rises to look up at Dean, eyes shining bright with a little bit of hope and a little bit of
, his grip on Dean is so tight that it's going to leave bruises. This is not what he was expecting to happen. Dean is positively spinning at how Castiel just seems to take what he wants. His fingers are digging into his wrist, the tips of his fingers going white with the pressure of it and
Castiel goes silent. Dean is secretly aching to know the answer, but he decides to take pity on him instead and changes the subject.
"It's not what you think," Dean tries again. Castiel seems content to let Dean continue this time, eyes staring him down like a hunter stalking it's prey and
"Yeah?"
how to jack off correctly — something he'd never believe he'd have to do if you were to have asked him a few years ago.
," with his voice so high and full that it's fit to burst. It's so intense, everything's so intense — it always is with Castiel — but he's barely doing anything and he's about to come in his jeans like a teenager.
's escaping past his parted lips with every stroke of Dean's hand. It's like he had no idea —
, yeah, Castiel's thighs are trembling.
Dean makes a face at that. "What? It's not supposed to hurt."
"You have not ejaculated yet."
"You're doing it wrong, then."
, if he keeps using that voice he's definitely not going to last much longer. "I've always wanted to know what you looked like during an act of intercourse and it very much lives up to it's name. I don't think I have ever seen a creature as gorgeous as you in all the millennia that I have been alive."
," he chokes out, hoping Castiel would move back at the plea.
He makes a mess of his jeans, a dark, wet spot pooling and spreading through the fabric there. His breath gets caught on an exhale, punched out of him like he got winded, cock jumping and pulsing in its confinement. Castiel watches in heated curiosity as Dean whimpers, grinding up messily against his hand. It's so good, so addicting and heady and he's getting lightheaded with how much it's making his head throb, waves and waves of heat tumbling down his body like it's a race to the finish line. He's both hot and cold at the same time, somehow, and he's shaking and he almost thinks
. "Well, I… Yes. I have tried to."
things to him. His own cock is pulsing pitifully in his jeans and he shifts on his knees to try to relieve at least
"And?"
He tries his best to avoid contact after that — more than he has to, at least — and he finally takes a breath when he's popped open Castiel's button and zipped down his slacks. He leans back a little on his feet, attempting to gather himself before he really starts.
Castiel is so hopelessly confused that it makes Dean's grin fall slightly. He's going to have to spell this out for him, isn't he?
— ," Castiel cries out like a mantra, Dean's name coming out from stained, parted lips over and over like it's the only word in his vocabulary, ass coming up from the bed to chase the pleasure Dean's so happy to give to him. Dean is fucking throbbing in his jeans at the sound because he doesn't think his name has ever sounded so pornographic and dirty. He doesn't think he'll ever be able to hear it again without picturing Castiel with his nice, pristine slacks all damp and shoved down around his thighs haphazardly and his hips jerking up in sloppy figure-eights to meet the tight-gripped stroking on his leaking, flushed cock.
at the same time. It hurts, but Dean can't bring himself to push Castiel away or ask him to pause his ministrations for as long as it'll take for Dean to pull himself out of his jeans. He's so hard that it aches, what with his cock having been ignored for the better part of an hour.
God, Dean doesn't even know what he's saying. All he can register is that he's shaking and panting and oh, shit, he's coming, coming,
— overcome with so much pleasure that he doesn't know what to do about it and Dean can't help but take pity on him. His hand speeds up, the wet sound of his pumping so slick and sloppy to his ears that his whole face flushes red at the obscenity. His arm is already starting to burn with the quick, jerky pace he's set for himself.
"Woah, okay, Cas! Calm down! I know what it is, and you're gonna be fine."
, a long, drawn out groan tumbling past his lips, his eyes shining full with stars and planets and entire fucking galaxies. Dean throbs at the sight.
And yeah, maybe he shouldn't have done that — this was, after all, meant to be a simple visual instruction for Castiel to learn how to properly masturbate so he could do it himself from now on — but the way Castiel responds to it makes it infinitely worth it. He can stand to be a little selfish.
He stops suddenly, pausing for a second, eyes darting up to meet Dean's. Dean gives a nod to let him know that he's still listening, and Castiel licks his lips before continuing.
And Castiel is looking at him with wild eyes, his pupils blown wide and nose flushed red. He opens his mouth to speak, but all that comes out past his lips is a pathetic little whimper and
Dean's head starts going fuzzy, like a bad television blaring white noise. Castiel goes on, oblivious to Dean's stunned silence, "even now, it's..."
He pulls Castiel's dress shirt away from his groin, resting the edges on either side of his hips and he rubs his hands up the inside of Castiel's thighs, thumbs making tiny circles in the fabric there. Dean can hear his breath pick up, the sound deafeningly loud in the otherwise quiet room.
Trying his best to prolong the inevitable, he asks, "you sure you're okay with this? We can stop if you want."
"Dean, oh,
Yeah, he kind of was.
, he really does.) He's just so
Within inches of his own face is Castiel, eyes rimmed red and irritated but still so blue and hair so damp with sweat that it was sticking to his forehead like tape.
Castiel manages to gather himself by the time Dean turns back around with hands on his hips, eyes coming up to lock on him. Castiel is back to that blank stare, eyes peering into him, hands fisted at his sides. If Dean didn't know any better — if he didn't know Castiel like he does — he'd think he was stone cold, lacking of empathy and resolve; like that soldier of God he first met.
Castiel continues to argue, refusing to believe what he was hearing. "I am a celestial being, Dean. I do not experience human needs, nor do I experience...
It's so much and it's so good that Dean's climax is already bubbling to the surface, threatening to overflow. It hasn't been but a few minutes and he's already dripping in sweat with trying to hold back — to make it last as long as possible. He doesn't think this kind of thing with Castiel will ever happen again, so he's trying his best to savor this so he can store this memory later to revisit.
, heat spreading low in his tummy at the casual show of strength.
"Okay!" Dean cuts him off. He doesn't want Castiel to continue, this conversation was already so...
— I'm so proud of you," Dean says almost absentmindedly, brain stumbling over his own words. He's too transfixed on the way Castiel's chest is rising and falling all rapidly and on the sweat that's beginning to trickle down his temple and
When Castiel doesn't reply immediately, his eyes dart up to see Castiel already staring at him with intent. With purpose. With
Eventually, though, once Castiel is finally spent, he reaches down weakly to push at Dean's arm until Dean caves, peeling his fingers away from his cock and pulling away, hovering in the air a bit. He doesn't know quite what to do now that his hand is stained in Castiel's...
, cock bouncing in Dean's grip. Even his fucking thighs are shaking, the muscles there quivering and contracting with it. He's just so
"I see."
Castiel looks frustrated, but thankfully stops talking. Dean can't believe he's going to have to explain to an
— yeah, Dean might be stirring a little in his jeans. Somehow, though, after a moment Dean's brain manages to catch up with him and he musters up a meek, "Cas, hey — woah. It's alright. Easy there, sweetheart."
"No — Thank you, Dean. I appreciate you showing me how to properly manually stimulate myself. Maybe next time we may try oral stimulation?"
Logically, he knew him and Castiel were the only ones in the motel room, but with how many particularly gruesome deaths that were happening in this town — and his guess was already a ghost — he was already on edge. Fingers itching to rest on the trigger, to pull it and hear the bang go off, he stops in front of the motel bathroom, eyes trained on the gap between the door and the doorframe. He could see movement from inside, but couldn't quite make out what was going on through the foggy, smudged mirror, so he counts to three and kicks the door open with so much force that it smacked against the wall and left a spidering web of a crack that he knew he'd be asked to pay for.
He drops down in front of Castiel, onto his knees, and he hears Castiel take in a sharp breath at the action. Dean's hands are shaky, but he tries to ignore it by grabbing Castiel's knees, pushing them apart with false confidence — as if he knows what he's doing. When his fingers make contact with Castiel's belt, pulling it free from his slacks and throwing it over his shoulder somewhere, they brush against the bulge there and Castiel's breath hitches, hips coming up slightly to chase the friction. Dean bites onto the inside of his cheek. He can feel the heat radiating off of Castiel onto his hands; they're absolutely
Castiel starts to flounder, mouth opening and closing in puzzlement. "What? But I thought you said — "
Castiel waits until Dean is finished with his task to answer as he's currently busy pushing him out of his trench coat and suit jacket, shoving the dress shirt over his shoulders so it hangs around his forearms, his chest exposed. Splotches of red litter his torso, marking all the way from his neck down to his tummy.
"Have you ever... masturbated before?"
And Castiel, even in the state that he's in, manages to furrow his brows and tilt his head like a confused puppy — the way he always does. Dean manages to let out a huff of a laugh through his nose, heartbeat tumbling over itself. He doesn't know how he's going to explain this to someone who is as old as time itself.
"It's... You're just horny."
if that isn't the hottest shit Dean's ever seen. Just watching Castiel grab him and manipulate him without asking or without any hesitation at all, seeing the exact moment Castiel stops being gentle — to roll his hips up and just take and
, he can't look up. If he does, he's worried he won't be able to look away. He feels like Castiel is analyzing him — like he's studying him, looking right through him. His heart quivers and aches just a little bit at the thought.
Castiel starts nodding hurriedly even before Dean is finished talking. He reaches back for Dean's hand, grabbing onto it with featherlight pressure, mouth open on unsaid words. Forgetting that he was meant to reply, Castiel blurts out a, "Yes. Yes, I... Can you continue, now? Please?"
Castiel could easily overpower him and
but burnt out by now, his shoulders slumped, the redness running down his chest and on his ears beginning to fade back to that usual shade of pale he is, his mental walls coming back up hurriedly to protect himself. Dean probably shouldn't have lashed out when Castiel seemed to be in such a vulnerable state, but...
," Dean hums in agreement.
After breathing once, twice, he roams his hands up to the happy trail above Castiel's slacks, fingers scratching the hair there idly before he slips a hand lower, coming to cup the bulge there with featherlight pressure. As soon as he gets his hand on him, his fingers squeezing slightly to tease his already kindling cock to life, Castiel inhales sharply, his arm coming over to grab Dean's wrist with a death grip, hips thrusting up to grind against it, hissing through his teeth.
He stays in place, however, eyeing Dean like a kid in a candy store — like he was seeing him all over again for the first time. The swallow that Dean manages to produce is so loud that you can hear the click in his throat.
that it would feel like this. Every noise that tumbles out of his lips is like he's in shock; like he gets surprised with every upturn of Dean's hand. His eyes are half lidded and misty, angled downwards at Dean — and not even on what he's doing to his cock. They're fixed solely on his face — on his
Castiel seems to blink away some sort of fog that he was in, eyelids fluttering, and he gasps out, "ah, sorry, I-I didn't mean to." He reluctantly peels his fingers away from Dean's wrist and drops it, his hips flopping back down onto the bed with a slight bounce. "I don't know what's wrong with me. I've never felt this out of control."
Castiel blinks a few times, throat bobbing heavily with a swallow and Dean's eyes can't help but track the movement. "You... Yes. I want this."
" — Okay! You can stop now!"
With so much going on at once, he felt like everything that had occurred happened within a span of two heartbeats. His eyes land on someone, flushed red and half dressed, but has no time to react before he gets pinned up against the bathroom wall, feet lifting off the floor an inch or two, gun slipping from his grip from the force and falling with a loud, rattling clank. He immediately tries to resist, hands coming up to the shoulders of his attacker to try to push them away, but goes limp as soon as his eyes met theirs.
— and his vision goes white for a second with the sudden need to have one. The smell around him is so musky and heady that he has to swallow down some of the saliva that started pooling on his tongue. He's never been so needy during sex, never wanted the person so bad that he started going
"What? Why the fuck
When he pauses again, he stares straight at the floor, almost like he's ashamed. The next part that comes is so quiet that it's barely audible. Under his breath, he whispers, "I am... frightened."
. I can sense it deep in my abdomen and it makes this vessel perspire — er, I sweat. I had never truly felt before I met you, but even more so, I had never felt whatever this is. I do not know if this is normal."
"Buddy, it's okay," Dean begins, voice low but firm, speaking as though he is talking to a scared deer; on edge and easily spooked. Castiel seems to flinch at his words and Dean stops talking for a second. His breath didn't seem to slow down, and he looks antsy — like he has trouble standing still.
"You look good like this, Dean," Castiel whispers, voice husky and low and
"My apologies, Dean," he stammers, voice gravelly and unsteady. "Something odd is happening to me and I'm not sure what it is. Do you think the spell that witch from Utah cast on me is finally taking affect? Do you think it has a delayed reaction?"
"Thanks, Cas, that's really...
, eyebrows rising up all the way to his hairline, eyes wide and blue, blue,
"That's —
," he groans, his voice breathless, his eyes wide and frantic. His entire body is twitching pathetically like can barely handle it. "
, Castiel shakes his head. "It can't be. I am an Angel of the Lord."
"Cas, I..."
"It's not... It wasn't the witch — don't worry. You're an angel, buddy. I don't think her level of spell work could affect you in the slightest," Dean offers, trying to calm Castiel down. somehow, though, it manages to get Castiel even more ruffled — as if the one and only idea he had come up with had been crushed under Dean's boot. "What is it, then, Dean? If not the witch, then what? Is my vessel finally rejecting me? Is it because Heaven has finally cut off my supply of grace? Is it the work of another angel? Is it—"
“Dean… what if he said things that were true?” Cas doesn’t meet Dean’s eyes and he can understand why. “What if I,”
"I'm going to sit with Krissy." Castiel gives them a thumbs up and smiles at Emma.
Dean moans loud into Castiel's ear and uses his legs to keep shoving Castiel into him at a fast pace. "Oh. Cas. God. My. Cas. Fuck," Dean chants. The jumble of those words roll of his tongue with each moan.
Before Dean can continue on about the plans for the day, Castiel pulls Dean's shirt into his grip. “Well I'll have enough time.” Dean's head falls back against the couch pillow and Castiel crawls onto his lap softly rutting against Dean and he lays desperate kisses over his face. “Dean- you're so beautiful,” Cas pants into Dean's mouth.
Castiel whispers that Dean should’ve chosen her but Dean won’t have it. He pulls on Castiel’s necklace and then points to his own. “Not like she ever gave me a badass necklace.”
Dean watches Cas run back up the steps and he swears under his breath.
When he exits the bathroom, Aaron stops in front of him. “So… you love him, don’t you?” Dean doesn’t know what to say. Even though he invited Aaron with the warning of them being platonic, he never should have. “I just want to make sure. There’s no chance for us, ever, right?” Dean nods slowly and Aaron frowns. “Can’t say I’m not upset about it. But I know you didn’t really want anything. Guess I just got my hopes up.”
The tall boy is grinning and glaring at the two of them with Castiel's bag in his hands. Dean glares back and lowers his voice the best he knows how. Thanks to the time John once was showing off his deep voice and Dean wanted to try. "That's not yours," Dean says standing in front of Cas. "You need to give it back."
Castiel sniffles and Dean frowns looking up at his mom, "no. I think Cas and I will just stay with you.”
A quiet noise catches Dean's attention and he gets up quietly. For a second Dean heard whispers. It is a different person's house- Castiel must be on the phone. But when the noise kicks in again Dean nearly chokes on his own saliva.
Dean slaps Castiel’s shoulder as he’s driving, “Dude I’ve told you plenty. I told you about getting my first blow job! And hand job. All the jobs! And you can’t tell me? Seems a bit unfair.”
He looks up and Claire wants to disappear and back out of this but she can’t help but stay put.
Castiel smiles and pulls himself from out of Dean. Looking at the trail of come leak out from Dean in small trickles. "We should really clean up, Dean. I feel sticky." Dean nods, "yeah. That is not a false observation buddy."
He looks down at the bee necklace dangling off his neck and shrugs, “it was a gift.”
Cas pouted about missing Charlie, too, so she plans a coffee run the following day with just Cas. Says she loves the two of them but also doesn’t want to be the neglected third wheel as they run off to make out. Which Dean and Cas would argue against, if he and Cas hadn't done that to her before. So they accept her wish and each have a great time. Despite her request she jokes saying she didn’t think they’d actually go along with it. And then goes to promise the next time they should all be together- third wheeling or not.
A good amount of time must have zoomed by, because Dean wakes up to a bright room and a clear head. But he doesn't want to get up and leave this bed. It's one of the softest he's ever been exposed to. Thank you, Cas.
Claire stops and stares at Castiel with a smirk cemented on her face. “What is it, Claire?” Cas says raising his eyebrow at her. She looks up at Dean and shrugs.
Dean whines at Castiel’s demanded direction and realizes that Cas is leaving the room. “I’ll be right there, Dean.”
Castiel pouts and lays his head on Dean's shoulder. "He called me a cigarette." Mary pulls the wagon with the free hand that's not gripped around Sammy. "What do you mean, sweetie?"
"Do you want me to fuck you Dean?" Castiel's voice is rich and deep. Dean chokes a soft moan when Castiel pulls his fingers out to coat his dick with lube. "Are you sure you want me to, Dean?" Dean feels heat building in his lower stomach and he shakes his head. "Yes, I'm sure. Cas- Cas. I need you. Please fuck me." Castiel nods and knots Dean's hands to his. Thankfully Castiel has had enough time to build himself up, and his dick is once again hardening from the sight of the beautiful bow legged man.
Dean coughs, mumbling out "it was just my dick, okay?"
Dean steps into the shower, letting the water trail down his skin, washing away evidence of the entire morning. But even if he goes home clean, he won't ever go home the same man after today. Castiel has made him feel all sorts of emotions.
(See the end of the chapter for
This would have scared Dean shitless even months ago. But right now it feels like euphoria. He lets the feeling take him over and even when Aaron and he are standing and sated, he feels no panic.
The car ride wasn't as sexually tempting as Dean would've thought. Though, don't get him wrong, he was very glad for that. He didn't want to pull over onto a suburban neighborhood street to receive a blowjob and more importantly, a ticket.
As fun as put-put went, the girls have to leave so they can attend their own class. Dean goes back to a class, too. Which leaves Cas to his own fears.
He leans in close to Dean and feel’s Deans breath on his mouth and he feels like his heart is going to jump from his chest. He presses his lips to Deans a bit harder than Dean had and holds his lips puckered against his best friends. He pulls away and gives Dean a look in asking how it was. He notices Dean’s ears are red and he coughs through his answer, “yeah you're... uh, you should be fine.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cassie spins. Thank God it lands on Dean.
Now don't you struggle
By the time the impala pulls up into the garage, Castiel and Dean have relived their childhood. That's the most both of them have ever shared about themselves. And it was all in the span of thirty minutes.
“I can't do lunch today Cas, Charlie and I go to the park on Fridays. But I was thinking maybe- if you wanted, you could come with me.” Dean tries to watch for a sign of discomfort in Cas but he can't find one. “I know it may seem nerdy and everything…” Castiel leans forward, closing the space between them. His mouth kisses a wet trail on Dean's jaw line.
He looks at the cake and his eyes widen, “shit. Happy birthday, Cas!” Cas throws his arms around Alfie's shoulders and pulls his body to his chest. Alfie turns his face to wink at Cas, “you’ll get your birthday present later.”
Cas feels annoyed that Meg had to interrupt Dean and his hunt, but he waves back at her and turns back to Dean. “Oh. She’s my girlfriend now. She asked me to the dance.”
Cas shrugs, “ex boyfriend. Don’t know, don’t care.”
Charlie cracks up and says she has to call Jo because she just won her first bet between the two of them.
Castiel wakes up from the loud snoring next to him in bed. He looks at Claire's pale face. She looks so peaceful when she's asleep. She looks to be happy. Almost.
“That's not different, that can be included in their relationship,” Claire huffs.
"Oh." Castiel looks over at Dean and the girls hitting each other with stuffed neon snakes. Thankfully they all seem a bit more distracted than usual. "Hey come here, it's okay." Castiel hugs her quickly and pats her head, "alright, you sure it's the tiger you want?" He is met with hopeful eyes and a growing smile. "Okay hand it over, I'm going to pay but I'm holding onto the bag until we get back to the bus, okay?" Krissy nods her head and Cas tells her to run back over to the group.
Aaron looks amazed like he didn’t even think of that. So he clinks his glass against Dean’s. “To learning new things about each other.”
Even now, Cas doesn’t get it. And it’s been almost exactly a month since Christmas.
Castiel snorts, far out of his sadness, “Dean, it’s just a bumblebee.”
Gabriel waves at the two and looks at his phone, "on that note I'm going to go catch up with the other groups and see if they're doing okay. Keep it G-rated guys."
Castiel shrugs, "I don't judge. What were you thinking about when you..." Castiel bites his tongue and shoves his fists into his pockets. "I don't mean- I'm not- I just-" he clears his throat and looks at Dean. "Just interested. Since we are at a children's outing today. Seems like a strange place, y'know?"
Meg laughs at his comment and Dean can tell it’s not out of judgement. “As long as Reputation isn’t your favorite album…”
“I didn’t understand that I even did. But I didn’t like seeing you with your boyfriends. It made me sick. I didn’t think that I was jealous. I thought I just didn’t think anyone was good enough for you. But it was more than that. I wanted to be where they were because… you’re the most special person I’ve ever known. When we were looking through the albums it just… something clicked. How I would look at you, I wouldn’t ever look at another person like that. Seeing us as toddlers and stuff was cute but the older we got… I know I loved you then. And I’m over trying to push that away because I still love you. It’s fucking me up, honestly. And I don’t want to say this and make it weird. Just tell me it’s never going to happen, okay? Because I’ll work on moving on. I really will, this time. But I can’t keep this in because it’s driving me crazy having to pull away from you so much. And I don’t want you to think I hate you or something because you didn’t do anything wrong. I just need some time to get over you and then I’ll be back to the same guy you’ve always known.”
“Yeah because they’re boning. They aren’t in love with each other. They are hardly sending heart eyes, it’s just ‘fuck me’ eyes. Totally different,” Alex argues back.
Cole spins the bottle and it lands on Cassie. Dean straightens his posture and Cole just chuckles, “down boy, it’s just a kiss.” Thankfully the kiss was short and neither of them seemed to be into it so Dean felt relief.
The two order balsamic goat cheese grilled plums and a Tarte Flambée for the appetizers. Dean watched Castiel’s face looking over the menu and he actually seemed intrigued by most. Dean was only slightly appalled… or maybe largely appalled. Where’s the damn buffalo wings and nacho plate?
Dean should take that as incentive to go faster, but the thoughts make him moan. “Fuck. Anytime, Cas.”
Dean crosses his arms, “quit it. I told you, I'm not gay.” Although the thoughts of men have crossed his mind many occasions. His knees lock whenever a new member joins his queen's army. And by army of course, he means people meeting in a park; fully dressed in costume, hitting their rivals with foam swords and fake magic. His heart almost beat out of his chest when one of Charlie's recruits fought him down until the man was pressed to his chest, pinning his arms above his head. Dean's stomach felt like slosh. He was told to attend to his severed limbs, when he truthfully attended to the bathroom to jack off his growing erection.
"Castiel, would you care to sit with me and chat. If you have a pet iguana, do share. I hear that's all of the rage lately." Maybe Dean is embarrassing himself here. But when he hears a low laugh erupt from Castiel, it all feels worth it.
Castiel's eyes are almost staring into Dean's soul. "Your brother sounds very nice."
Castiel looks down at Claire. Her face is full of confusion. "Claire, if you want to go, you can. If you need anything you can call me and I will pick you up." Claire looks at all of the girls and hugs Castiel's torso.
Castiel points at Claire and Emma, sitting two rows ahead of them. "So the kids going to date crash?"
Cassie just kisses Dean’s cheek and says, “well none of the kisses will mean anything. I know we’re good. So it’ll be fine.” Dean should have known the exact opposite of fine was bound to happen but he went along with it.
Dean laughs softly and bites his lip. “Uh- okay. Just for practice?” The two stare at each other for a few seconds and then Dean leans in and puts his lips over Castiel’s lips very slowly. “How was that?”
With each quick moan of Dean's name, he feels himself getting harder each second. “Cas- you're so- Cas you're so beautiful.” Dean grips his arms around Castiel's shoulders, pulling his chest closer to his. “Faster, Cas. I'll be okay, I promise. I want this. I want you.”
Krissy shrugs, “he could have a homosexual beard.”
Sam sighs, "really? Who's we? Are you hooking up at your daughters field trip? Keep it in your pants."
Cas thought love would feel different than this. Thought there would be some kind of spark. He felt good kissing Dean. Why can’t he feel good kissing Meg? Instead of saying it back, he scans the room and sees Dean and Lisa hiding behind the tall poster stands. Dean and Lisa are kissing over and over and he feels a ping of sadness. “I have to go to the bathroom.” Before Meg can respond, he books it out of the dance and finds himself spooned over the toilet. His stomach feels like glass, not butterflies. This wasn’t how it was supposed to feel.
Cas goads him on to answer and Dean groans, “you remember Aaron?”
Cas climbs onto the bed and sits over Dean and kisses him eagerly. “Do you like it?”
Dean rolls his eyes, "what are you going to make me beg?"
Dean almost looks disappointed but he nods and scoots out from his chair, "here, I'm sorry. I didn't know this was the case. Sorry, Cas. It was nice to meet you. As an aside, my name's Dean."
Once all the kids find their way back to the tables one by one, Alex glares at Dean and Cas. "You need something?"
Castiel smiles, "lucky guy."
She even shared the story from elementary school about how Jo and she made a bet that the two of them would fall in love. At the time, Jo said no, because she had weird expectations that Dean would marry her one day. And she laughs at how moronic that is, now that she knows what a “meathead” Dean is and how much she would prefer a sweet dorky redheaded girl over any boy.
Dean heard what sounded like a few whoops and claps but he mostly tuned out everything around him. Castiel moans against his tongue again and Dean pulls away for a second. Cas looks panicked and like he overstepped but Dean kisses his cheek quickly and whispers, “Cas as much as I love showing you off right now and do not feel embarrassed by any of this- you’re gonna embarrass me soon for a reason related to your moaning on my tongue. Do you wanna go back to my room?" In panic he adds, "we can just talk more, we don’t have to do anything else.”
Every memory of the night is stored away into a long list of important realizations. 1: Dean can be interested in females and males. 2: He's going to seriously kick Charlie's butt for ditching him yet again. And 3: he's going to take Charlie out for dinner and thank her for letting this wonderful encounter happen. Each thought fills his head with happy thoughts. He takes a mental note to call Sam this weekend and tell him what his little brother half expected for years is in fact true.
Dean climbs onto the bed and sits in front of Cas and lets a tear fall off his eyelashes. “Okay.” He does his best to hold eye contact with Cas. “I love you.”
Castiel rolls his eyes, "I am not a child Dean." He looks at Dean's eyes wide in anticipation. "But I would love to go on a date with you. When?"
Dean's daughter, Emma, smacks into Claire. Claire tumbles backwards and falls hard against the sidewalk. Castiel knows he can't yell at another persons kid, but come on! He looks down at Claire, she's emotionless. Staring at her now scratched up hands. Cas lifts her up and bends down to his knees. "Hey! Anyone have some neosporin and bandaids?" He doesn't mean to sound so frantic, but Claire has blood leaking slowly from her palms.
"Yeah, hello?" Dean coughs into the phone, trying to get his voice to a normal sound and not a lustful mess.
You spark the fire in me
"Before you ask and push blame, no Sammy said nothing. Maybe if you want to go incognito you shouldn't leave hickeys on someone's throat. Kind of obvious."
Dean’s laughing through his bites of food, recalling to Cas his last call with his parents and he nods along. He spoke about his excitement for his classes, he asked if Sam had told Cas his big news and when Cas shook his head no, Dean went into an elaborate recap of how Sam is trying to win over this girl, Amelia, in his class since Sarah broke up with him.
Dean wants to lie and keep living as normal but anytime someone asks him that question he loses it. “Mom… I met someone,” he starts. He sees her eyes light up and then slowly drop, “we broke up and I…” Dean gets far enough before Mary pulls him into her arms and whispers her sorries.
Cas looks confused and shakes his head. “No. I think he was outed and I need to find him.”
They have two days left before school starts so Dean reserves a table at one of the fancier French restaurants near campus. He and Cas get ready separately. Cas tells Dean he’s not allowed to look as he’s getting ready because he wants to surprise him. Dean is not going to argue, but he does try to explain that it’s not like Dean hasn’t seen Cas wear cute clothes before.
Castiel's breaths are easing back and Dean leans down planting a long kiss over his lips.
Castiel sees a heart cut in half, one side displaying the outside and the other showing what it looks like on the inside. "Completely gross," he laughs ruffling her hair.
When he thinks that thought it’s like his brain malfunctions. He was in love with Dean. No, he’s in love with Dean.
None of them could decide on music and Dean had to bring out his oldest rule of “driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cakehole.” Castiel smirked thinking about all the times Dean let him choose anyways. Dean put on some classic rock and eventually put in one of Castiel’s tapes.
Cole looks over at what Cassie is questioning and he snorts. “Dude, you and him even have matching necklaces. How gay of you.”
Aaron clearly didn’t know it was Dean because he jumps and pulls back to do a double take of his roommate. “Uhh sorry…” he looks around behind them, “my friends told me to come over here… I didn’t realize…” he goes to stand and Dean insists he stays. “Okay. I just don’t want to creep you out being here.”
Let me put my love on the line."
Dean talks to the girls for a while longer and then gives his goodbyes. Not before telling them they have his 100% permission to tell anyone they see. And it’s a good thing it was Lisa and Anna; these two are probably friends with the most diverse cliques and Dean knows it wouldn’t take too long for a good majority of his campus to find out. Even if the others don’t care or even know who the fuck he is.
Cas shrugs, “can’t say.”
Cas laughs, on the hysterical end and not the giddy side, “the day you and I met, I actually had just told Dean I loved him. Just blurted it out and he looked so surprised and I booked it. I ran and when I literally plowed you over… well that was it.”
Dean smiles, “yeah, you said that Cas.”
Dean made the excuse that Aaron had a family emergency so he was leaving. His family gave him suspicious looks but tried to refocus on Cas and his boyfriend. Dean excused himself and has been sulking in his bedroom. Sam comes up to join him and eyes him until Dean starts talking.
Cas answers ‘sure,’ and she giggles like he said the funniest thing. Doesn’t make sense. At all.
Dean hits his prostate and Castiel's neck bends back, sending chills down his stomach.
Castiel’s voice trembles, “I can’t do this. I’ve waited, Dean. I want you to feel comfortable but I can’t just wait for you.” His nose drips strands of snot as he whimpers. “It’s humiliating me! I know why you can’t just come out but it doesn’t change how it makes me feel. Watching Lisa, Anna, Bela or any other girl just cling to you all the time. And you don’t do anything about it!”
Cas sends her fury with his gaze and Max chuckles at the feud, “if you need any help with that... let me know,” he winks at Cas.
When Castiel's car pulls up to a house, Dean smiles at all of the house plants. Nothing looks as homely as this small white house does. Castiel unlocks the door for Dean and lets him inside. “I know it's not much, but I try to decorate a lot to make it look presentable.” Dean smells a candle in a glass dish. He melts into the smell of apples.
Cas whispers, “we don’t have to…”
When Jimmy died, Amelia went off her rocker. She went on to Claire about how she would find Jimmy. To a young child, that's confusing. Claire went through the trauma of hearing the police share the news about the car crash. And then the trauma of thinking he was still alive. When Amelia came to realistic terms of everything, she took a bottle of pills and popped each one down.
Dean’s confused by that since people weren’t supposed to go upstairs. But it’s a house party so rules be damned he guesses. Maybe he found a cute girl.
The building is practically designated for all students with it being so close to their campus, but there’s far more freedom compared to the dorms. With the added help of funds from Castiel beginning to work with their campus food services and Dean working the check in desks at the library, they are plenty excited for the opportunity.
Speaking with Meg helped Castiel a lot. But he can’t shake the pain and guilt he feels for leaving Dean over not coming out. Obviously issues piled up as time went on, but it all comes down to that reason. Does that make Cas literally the worst person ever? Sure, he needed this. Needed to feel relief from the suffocation it was to hide the man he loved. But he can’t help feel awful about how it had to end.
Dean nudges her arms with his fist. “No problem. Kinda didn’t tell anyone. Fucked it up with Cas and I want to make it right.” Lisa looks excited for him and she sticks around to keep talking. At some point Cassie must have stormed off because she’s no longer staring invisible blades at him. And Meg must have left but Dean did meet her hopeful eyes once he spoke Castiel’s name to the girls here.
Aaron and he casually fucked for a lot of their Freshman year. But Dean also casually fucked other guys. And when Aaron thought the two were going steady, Dean thought they both knew it wasn’t a romantic thing. So his roommate situation kind of exploded and much of the second semester he would go to Castiel’s and Crowleys to hang out. Even when Cas was gone, Crowley would let Dean in and the two would get high and fuck around playing video games.
They continue to lay over one another, jeans and sweats be damned.
"Hurry up dad! We're going to be late!" Dean runs at his daughter, grabbing her by her backpack so she doesn't slide into the marble counters. "Dad!" She whines, pulling her backpack away from his hands.
a bit of smut for this one
Their eyes lock and Dean wants anything this man has to offer. He wants to travel Castiel's body from head to feet. Memorizing every sculpted detail he has. The more he thinks about him, the more he wants Castiel. And Cas must feel relatively the same because Dean feels a bulge building from under his body.
Claire hugs Jody, “thank you for letting me come over.” Jody nods and grins and the men. “It was no big deal. Anytime you want, just come over.”
Dean came out to his family as bisexual a few months after his revelation at the club. Not surprisingly, his parents accepted him. He wasn’t worried about rejection based on his parent’s adoration of Cas (which is arguably higher than their love for their biological sons). Sam made a joke about Dean now striking out twice as much and his parents yelled at Sam over the phone and Sam apologized with a more sincere, “it’s not a big deal Dean. I still love you.”
“You see, you lucky son of a bitch, you found someone,” Charlie says while swinging a light shoulder punch to Dean. Charlie smiles a wide grin again at Castiel. As if she is so surprised Dean could of found someone so perfect. "Castiel is a dreamy one, if men are your type of thing, I'm proud of you."
Castiel nods excitedly, grabbing his burger. "You want to walk with me on the beach?"
Castiel bites his lip, "I uh- I'm closer to be the youngest than I am oldest. Michael is the oldest. Anna is the baby of the family, but I follow after her."
The two also talked more about their families. Castiel and Dean properly introduced themselves. They played a quick game of Ispy, until Dean gave up, because every time Castiel asked "something green." It took Dean ten minutes the first time to guess his own eyes. But you'd think after the one time he would've changed it.
After exchanging their gifts, they clean up the area and bring some snacks and drinks down to the basement for when their friends start arriving.
Dean, still slotting between Castiel, who is wrapped like a snake around him, laughs. "Yeah, something like that Sammy."
Yes. Dean gulps and shakes his head, "nah." He doesn't let his focus from Castiel go.
She points to all of the other parents, gathering at one table together, away from the kids. "Oh, right. What? You guys don't want us to sit with you?" Dean raises his eyebrow. How dare they. He's awesome.
“But we’re not dating?
Dean smiles and rubs the tip of Castiel's dick. His precome is sticky against his fingers and Dean smears it against Castiel's lower stomach. He takes the head of his cocks into his mouth and let's it sit against his tongue.
“Well I’ll have to see. I have to ask my mom.” He looks stumped over the question and asks, “and can Dean go with us? We always see each other on Fridays.”
Lisa is all but squealing about Dean’s love life and she gasps, “dude! I’m so happy for you. Seriously I’m so sorry for trying to flirt with you. You said his name was Cas? I don’t know who he is but he sounds hot.” She blushes, “‘not like, for me or anything, but like you two… who knows about this?”
Naomi nods her approval. "Of course." She steps into the house and calls Castiel over, "be good, okay? Do everything Mrs. and Mr. Winchester tells you to. I love you and I will pick you up tomorrow." Castiel hugs her legs and kisses her hand. Naomi tells John she can stop by again to drop off a bag for Cas, and John and Mary both insist it’s fine and Cas can share anything of Dean’s at this house.
Castiel points at his half of the sandwich, "I'm actually quite full from earlier, you want it?"
Castiel scoots out from the table and winks at Claire, "I'll leave you girls alone for now. Don't you are wander off. We're meeting back up when everyone is done." He is still hesitant to leave, but Claire seems happy. God does it feel good to see Claire happy.
Dean nods, “thanks man. I think my car is fine for the night. My roommate left with a girl earlier and I don't know if going home now would be in my best favor.” He feels his stomach tighten. A part of him feels bad. This man is beautiful, Dean doesn't want him to feel rejected.
"Sorry about my daughter. I'm Dean Winchester." He smiles at Claire, "you okay?"
Meg nods but puts two more in front of him. “Five is a buzz for you. Just two more so I can have my fun friend back, please.” She obviously wouldn’t care either way- if Cas didn’t accept the shots, she’d still go on to make his night the best as possible. But Cas understands. He’s been a downer (for a good reason that his friends don’t understand or even know of). Max licks his lips and asks Cas and Meg if they want to go dance. And shit if Cas is going to dance tipsy-sober. The last two shots spill down his throat, the same time Meg finishes the last off. “Let’s go.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Let me put my love into you babe
"Hi." She says, flopping onto a chair at the small black table. She's still in the same dark hoodie she was in three days ago. Castiel forces himself to face her and he tries to give his best smile. She yawns into her hand and stands back up, "I think I'm going to shower. Will you be ready to go by 7?"
In the turmoil of all of this, Dean reached out to Charlie and ranted about the ‘skanky v-neck guy.’ He asks Charlie how he’d go about telling Cas that the guy wasn’t right for him and Charlie just gave him a Cheshire grin and laughed in his face. Charlie asked why Dean was so jealous of the guy and Dean was taken back. Jealous? Dean hasn’t ever been jealous.
Dean rubs his face. He can't be the shitty parent hiding in the stalls because he's scared of getting another boner thinking about another adult. One who just happens to be raising a child who could very well be one of his own kids new friends. He stands up, zipping his pants back up. He unlocks the door and slowly walks out. "Sorry, I'm okay."
Cas definitely wouldn’t tell Dean no if he ever made an advance on him. But Cas also knows Hell would have to freeze over before Dean would try. So instead Cas can joke about Dean’s balance of attractiveness and heterosexuality and Dean can joke about how Castiel’s sense of style helped him land countless girlfriends.
Inias announces that second that his mom is arriving so he has to leave early. Great party.
Dean can almost visualize a glaring bitch face. "Yeah, yeah. We're heading there."
“When I saw him next… he played his guitar. Sang to the Beatles. Ordered dinner for us and when we were going to sleep he whispered it back. I didn’t care that he didn’t want to tell anyone. I felt so happy he loved me that I didn’t care that I had to keep it a secret.”
"Castiel Novak." The two shake hands and Dean feels his face fluster with red when he feels the hard grip when there hands meet. But when he drops his hand, it goes right back around Claire's shoulder.
Deans buzz is strong and he laughs back, “well that’d be rude. I am also here.”
Dean growls at that but takes the sandwich down in a few bites. Kids are tiring. He didn't realize how hungry he was until he looks down to empty hands. He guesses he was so tired that it drained him of every other thought. Except for his thoughts about Cas. God those haven't stopped once.
Castiel obviously doesn't catch his hint though. "What? You want to go on another field trip together?"
Dean tries to laugh it off but he sees Castiel freeze in the doorway. His eyes look like they’re filling with water and before Dean can say anything Cassie grabs his arm and says “can we go somewhere to talk?”
When Mary sees Cas she almost drops a pan in her rush to place it. She wraps her arms around Cas and kisses his cheek. “Oh I’ve missed you so much!” She then looks at Dean who’s whispering ‘yeah we get who your favorite son is.’ She yanks Dean into her other open arm and squeezes the two together in her grasp. “Hush Dean. Oh I love all of my boys, thank you for coming home.”
Castiel stares between the teacher strutting off and Dean who's grinning like he won a prize. "What was that about?" Castiel doesn't mean to step over his boundaries, but when the teacher rolls his hand and slips the middle finger nonchalantly, he wants the details.
Dean opens his mouth to talk but quickly shuts it in dubiety. He turns around and leaves silently. The only noise is from the bunch of clothes being dropped onto Castiel’s floor as his nose whistles. “Keep em.” The door clicks from Dean’s exit.
Cas and Dean get changed at Dean’s house. They both look at each other in surprise by their choice of outfit. Cas has on black jeans, a black t-shirt, and red leather jacket. The jacket was this year's Christmas gift from Dean and Cas would love to never take it off. Dean on the other hand is sticking to his typical jeans and green Henley.
Krissy gasps at her phone flashing as each notification starts rolling in. Someone saved the poll and posted it on their private senior class Facebook page. Claire huffs in annoyance at the other person stealing their survey and posting it online, but Alex changes her mind when she grins saying, “at least no one will think it’s us if this person has it online. And now we can record the data for longer.” Claire gets on board but they agree to continue writing down the names of voters and what they are voting for.
Claire looks at her teacher and the art teacher and how close they are sitting. Her teacher's wink following is evident enough.
The Banes twins argue over their results, Max thinking fuck buddies and Alicia thinking friends.
Cas opens the upstairs bathroom door and slinks inside, leaving it cracked for his date. Thankfully he didn’t take long to follow Cas and he brushes through the opening of the door and grips Castiel’s waist.
Claire scoffs, “she’s gay, too. Obviously.”
Lisa blushes and gives him a hug. “I have to get going. Performance timeeee!” She goes to sing out. Bela grabs her bag to follow her and Anna gives Dean a wink before she grabs her sketchbook to take off for class.
When the quizzes are done, he actually lets everyone leave five minutes early. Maybe he’s trying to be nice (as he usually is) or he really just doesn’t want to be around his class. Claire can’t stand that thought. Alex and Krissy both pack up quickly and wait for Claire.
Benny spins and kisses Hannah.
She looks gleeful that he knows who she is, behind her eyes that are trying to fool him into thinking she couldn’t care less. “We need to talk.”
It would be embarrassing how quickly both he and Dean came in their own pants if it were any other guy in the place of one of them. But there was no other guy and for that- it doesn’t make either of them feel bad. Because this is exactly what they’ve waited for. This is everything they wished for, yet repressed just to hold onto comfort and normality.
What surprises Dean; later than he even realized, was that Alfie wasn’t with Cas at the club and he isn’t back at Castiel’s room waiting either.
Dean perks up at that but figures it’s the plug. Because that’s one hell of a surprise already. There can’t be more. Right?
Dean nods and winks. Why did he have to wink? Fuck. He watches Castiel's cheeks flush rose petal red. He can't help but fall into a trance staring at Cas. He feels far too happy to be looking at him. It's not like he's naked, he's fully dressed. Oh god. What would Castiel look like naked? Would his skin glisten when he's pressed against his bed? What sounds would he make? Would they vibrate down his throat if Dean kissed him?
When Dean lifts his head up to look at Castiel, he sees the same look on Castiel's face as earlier. Dean squints as Castiel leans in and licks his chin. Castiel leaves his tongue dangling for Dean to see a stroke of white plastered over his tongue before Castiel swallows it down.
Castiel gets a few glares from the other groups. And several kids point at them, whining that they didn't get anything. But what can you do? Castiel smiles to the four lovely girls and he realizes he was put in the cool group. Or at least he would like to think they all are.
Dean's eyes are locking into Castiel's. The dangerous yet loving glance makes Castiel buckle at his knees. He is going to need to be sitting a lot if this is now a relationship. A simple look makes his heart race. “Just call me the Cabin Boy, Captain.” That about does it. Castiel needs to be on this boat right now.
Castiel grabs his hand back and watches Dean's batman cape whoosh behind him. Sammy's moose antlers are bobbing as he giggles at the two of them. "Pretty bee!" Sammy chants. Castiel runs over and sits next to Sam. Trying to include the two year old the best that he can.
"Let me put my love into you babe
Their teacher grins wide and pats his coworkers to get out of the class and they all take the hint and smirk leaving the door. “You sure as hell know it! As you are hopefully aware, your teachers and I have no obligation to speak about our relationships with anyone at school. Especially our students.”
He heads to the kitchen and turns the coffee pot on by hitting brew twice. Maybe he'll call the school today and tell the teacher Claire won't make it today. Why should Castiel have to take Claire on a bus, full of kids, to have a scavenger hunt at the museum. She'd probably rather go to the park. To the mall. Out to the movies. Or anything else.
“Are you fucking ready, Cas! This night is going to be amazing!” Dean says bouncing next to Cas.
The three laugh and Claire wags her pen at them and writes three columns on a piece of paper. At the top reads “Cast Your Vote: what’s up with Mr. W and Mr. M” with three sections split below. Their titles being: Totz in Love, Fuck Buddies, and Friendzone. This makes Krissy and Alex both snicker and they each leave a mark on their chosen opinion. Dean glances over at the three girls who are whispering in the corner and sends them an ‘i'm watching you’ point with his finger. Alex blushes and quickly takes the paper from Claire. “Ok, we can’t let them see this! We’d be in so much trouble. But we all need an answer so we can stop arguing about this. I say we ask people at lunch. That way no one can take it away for disrupting class. We tally the vote after lunch and the verdict is what we agree on here on out.”
Claire pinches her arm. Yep not a nightmare. “The survey.” She gasps a breath and then talks fast without a break, “I was arguing with friends about you and Mr. Milton and I took it too far. I just wanted to know what other people thought. I know it wasn’t my place to do that and I didn’t expect so many people to know about it, it was going to be a short one day thing but someone posted it online. So more people saw it.”
John sighs, “Dean you know that’s not true. This Cas guy, I get it. He broke your heart. I’m just trying to say I think you can still find someone. You have a lot to offer.” He climbs out from under the car and stands, wiping his oiled hands on a rag.
Dean gives him a carefree smile and moves closer. “I am now.”
Dean has grown close to this girl Charlie. He knew her vaguely throughout elementary and middle school but didn’t start to really talk to her until this last school year.
Castiel lays his head on Dean's shoulder, “I mean it.” He grips tighter on Dean’s hand. “So what now? You going to stay here? It could be the two of us. Maybe-”
Dean laughs lightly, “you ever have to win mom back?”
Jody's smile is warm. "Nice to met you. Could your two daughters come over?"
Sophomore year, Dean's Birthday!
Dean helps Cas unzip from his outfit and watches as Cas tries to seductively drop the clothing down lower. It hangs at his high waist, just teasing him. Dean kisses Castiel’s neck and Cas moans pulling in Dean’s short hair. “Go get on the bed. Make sure you have your cock lubed up so you can fuck me when I’m there.”
"Emma, we talked about this. You can't go running everywhere. You're going to get hurt. Slow down kiddo." Dean wiggles the backpack off her, and sets it down next to the bar stool. "Plot a squat and eat your eggs."
Claire rolls her eyes and stands in front of Cas, "don't hurt him."
Emma laughs and high fives Castiel, while she manages to get all three of the others chanting "ooh burn!"
Dean's back arches and his arm hair stands up on rows of goose bumps. Fucking hell, this man's tongue is a God made gift to humanity. And humanity in this case would be Dean Winchester.
John nods, “yeah, you told me ‘I think we’re in love and he has a cool mullet.’ And I just got worried. I saw the other neighbor boys and how they’d stare at you two and I felt like I needed to protect you from people. People like me, I guess.” He looks at Dean with pain flashing behind his eyes, “I realized you changed and I was happy because I thought you’d be safe and I had hopes for you. But I’d see this look in you sometimes where you looked lost. And I didn’t want to admit to being the one to do it so I ignored it. But when Sammy started getting older- I felt more guilt and I didn’t try to do that to him. I messed up one of my kids so bad that he didn’t even know himself anymore. And it’s hard to get to know your own kid when they don’t see themselves. But I thought certain things you liked, because you went along with it. And it gave me a chance to bond with you. I thought you might tell me you hated something along the way but you didn’t and I didn’t know how to tell you that you didn’t have to go along with it all.”
Although Cassie looks ready to storm away, Lisa blushes. “I’m so sorry, Dean. I didn’t know you were seeing someone… and um I didn’t know you were into guys.”
When all of their guests have left; the boys and parents included, Dean talks Naomi into letting Castiel sleep over. Naomi was hesitant, what with Cas bursting into tears upstairs a few hours prior, but relents.
Claire's face grows cold and she glares at Dean. "You hurt my uncle?"
He smiles into the kiss and Cas pulls on the bagginess of the sweater. “You look perfect.” Between another kiss Cas moans out, “gorgeous.”
"Don't you worry cause it's your turn tonight"
"Can you reach into the drawer? I have lube in there," Castiel runs his hands up and down Dean's chest, chilling his body from head to toe. "I don't have any condoms left here. Are you clean?" Dean nods handing Castiel the lube, "yes. I get tested every month. Though I haven't been with anyone in a little bit over two." Castiel sucks Dean's nipple into his mouth, hearing a satisfied moan escape Dean's throat.
Cas looks shocked, and maybe a bit hurt (but maybe that was just Dean’s hope). “Yeah he messaged me a few weeks ago. We got talking.” Which isn’t all fase. Aaron did text Dean and asked him if he wanted to grab drinks. Dean told him sure; as friends, and the two talked. Aaron apologized for how he reacted to Dean and apologized for assuming they were more than anything casual. Dean apologized in return for not making it more clear. They’re on talking terms. Have gotten together a few times since then. But definitely not together.
They wash off at the sinks and he tells Max to go without him. He finishes in the bathroom by flushing his face with water and staring at his own reflection. This was a disaster. It feels like betrayal even if Dean and he are no longer together.
He gets no reaction from her. What is the kids problem? It's just a couple of scrapes.
But before he questions it, his dick is siding against Max’s and Max’s hand is stroking the two together. Cas moans and lets the feeling wash over him. Max comes within minutes, groaning into Castiel’s neck in chants of “fuck,” and “god you’re so hot.”
This takes place in the time frame that the boys are in kindergarten
"Dean, why is Gabriel taking care of your group? Are you sick or something?"
Castiel kisses Dean's chest and he brings his eyes to Deans. “I'm going to try something." Right now there's a glimpse of some new emotion in his eyes. Dean can't quite decide what it is.
Welcome to high school, here's to senior year (12th grade)
With Cas he always felt different. He didn't need to hide himself because he knew Cas got him. He saw every layer of self hatred and he saw when Dean would pretend. He’d double check with him when Dean would pull away and be insecure. If Cas asked him if he wanted a beer or a cocktail, he’d never judge Dean for saying cocktail. He never judged Dean for buying sweaters at the store and then saying he regretted his choice. Cas would always just say, “oh I thought they were rather adorable, actually.” He never stopped seeing Dean for who he was, under all the bricks he buried himself under. Cas saw it all and chose him. And all Cas ever wanted from Dean was to be seen and he did a shit job at it.
“S-sir, I would be okay with you dating anyone. But y-you don’t have to tell us.”
Cas smiles thinking about everything Charlie has said. She relaxes on the bean bag and stretches her arms. “I do have to ask, though. Are you okay? Truly?” She looks sincere as speaking, “I know how difficult it can be to retreat back into the closet when people we love are still inside. I just want to make sure you’re not struggling to re-find yourself.”
"Mr. Winchester! You never answered me! I want the tiger!" Dean spins back around and Krissy is throwing a fit clutching the tiger in her fists so hard that Dean thinks he's moments away from seeing a dismembered stuffed animal.
Castiel nods, "I ordered you burgers and fries. I hope you aren't vegetarian, I enjoy burgers. I should've taken that into consideration though."
Despite his confusion, he wakes up excited because it’s Dean's birthday. He’s excited to get a chance to do more for his best friend. He’s already planned the entire day. Dean will have class until eleven and Cas is going to surprise him with an early lunch in their dorm. Followed by mini golf with Jo and Charlie, and then he and Dean will watch the Batman movies with the new projector Cas bought for their movie screening nights.
Cas gulps. Well here it is. The moment Dean has to break Castiel’s heart. He knows it’s coming by the way Dean blinks back tears and shakes his knees. How his hands twitch in his lap as he pulls the strings of his bracelet.
Castiel smiles, “Dean, are you making conversation or is that your way of telling me your Bi?”
Cas snorts at his own memory, “But I woke up to a lot of knocking. Thankfully Kevin left early for class. I got up half dressed and half awake and found him outside my door. He was crying, so I let him in. He was telling me how scared he was because he never had done that with a guy. Said his family didn’t know and that his dad would probably lose his mind. But despite all of that he said he wanted to be with me. So we started dating. We took things slow at the start. And then the school year was up and I stayed for summer classes and he had a job on campus so he started just staying with me. Used Kevin’s old bed. Balthazar left back home. I mean, I didn’t have anyone else here.”
Dean asks for Ratatouille. And that might be because it’s the only word on the menu he knows how to say. But if it’s good enough for that rat- why wouldn’t it be good enough for him? Cas smirks at him when he asks for a Croque Monsieur. Whatever that is.
Castiel's eyes bulge and he elbows Dean in the ribs. Dean pats Gabriel's back, "you got it chief."
When class is over he shoves by a bunch of gossiping people and books it. Dean should be finishing his children’s literature class by now. He’ll probably hang out in the quad before he heads back to the dorms. Or maybe he’d be too embarrassed to stay there today? Cas bounces between the two locations and decides it’s at least important he checks the field first and then rush over to his room.
“Isn’t that your shirt, dad?” Emma pipes up from the backseat. Dean coughs and looks over at Cas flaunting his pink and purple plaid shirt. He didn’t think the clothing swap through this morning. Castiel bites his lip and sucks in a breath of air. Dean debates making up some elaborate plot about how Cas got his shirt, but he can’t start lying when he’s the one who tells his daughter not to. He’s got to start doing what he preaches.
A common occurrence- Mr. Milton has walked into their class, yet again, to ask Mr. Winchester something. His excuse this time was, “do you think I could borrow some ExpoMarkers?”
Dean tries not to laugh at that forgotten repressed memory and whispers, “uh, Ash.”
Cas smiles at Aaron filling out a form. “Hey there…” Aaron looks up. Shocked that someone walked in and he didn’t notice.
Dean sucks his cheek, “I guess. Wish there was a way to practice. I looked it up and it didn’t seem that good. You can’t really ask your own hand how it felt.”
Krissy comes into class late. She plops into the chair and sighs. “Mr. W and Mr. Lafitte are talking in the hall. Did you hear what Becky did!”
Castiel laughs and watches as Alfie pulls himself out of bed. “Hey baby,” he comes over and kisses Castiel before looking at Dean and fist bumping him. “Hey Dean. What brings you here so early?”
Dean honestly couldn’t say what the song sounded like, but he at least listened long enough to hear how proud Lisa was to record it for her performance class. He tries to be supportive of his friend, “yeah it was good. You did a great job.”
"Cas isn't a cigarette!" Dean yells. Castiel smiles at Dean, gripping his hand a bit tighter. "We're not getting you anything. You're just a bully!"
Dean stares at Gabriel. That little bitch. Sam totally told him.
Castiel doesn’t even realize what he did until Max is tucking his cock back in his pants and the silence between them is unnerving. Cas with wide eyes whispers, “shit. I didn’t mean- I was…”
Dean rolls Castiel over and he bounces his weight quickly over Cas, slamming Castiel's cock into him. It feels amazing. Dean had thoughts about what it would feel like with a man, but he would have never known it felt this good. He feels full. When Castiel strokes Dean's dick with a flick of his wrist Dean loses all control over it. "Cas! Cas, fuck. I'm coming. I'm gonna,"
Dean looks between the two, “it’s September 18th…”
Dean's mother died. He remembers her and misses her, but there aren't billions of great memories. He defiantly had it rough. His dad, a totally emotional wreck, would leave on long weekends when Dean was going into his teen years. He kept his secret love rendezvous a secret. Until he came home one day and told the boys to get in the car and come out to meet his fiancé and son. Dean hated it. But he couldn't hate his dad, so instead he shook his dad's hand in congratulations and met their son, Adam, and then took his dad's car and drove off with Sammy in the passenger seat back home.
No way she is saying anything about this to anyone. The knowledge that she was right is enough.
He squints at her, “what exactly ‘was you’?”
“Nah, go on without me.” Everyone has left but Claire. Her teacher is at his desk with his head in his palms. “Mr. Winchester?”
"Like a fever burning faster
She squeezes Dean’s hand. “I was much more open to the idea, and it took him some educating but we both agreed we would never disown a child for something so small. Something you or anyone else can’t change about themselves. I think; and hope, he’ll come back with better words for you.” She laughs, “I married him based on all the things we agreed on and promised one another. If he goes back on this promise, I won’t feel bad about putting him out on his ass until he understands.” Sam snorts at his mom and Dean actually lets a small smile shine out. Mary gets up and kisses Dean’s cheek. “I don’t know half of the things that go through that man's head. But I want you to know Dean, your dad will always love you. Even if I have to knock that back in place,” she kisses him again and cups his face. “Sam and I- we will always love you. There’s nothing you could tell me to make me stop.”
Cas is hugging behind Alfies body and Dean covers his eyes, “if you guys want some privacy all you gotta do is ask.” Dean gives Cas one more hug and then books it out of the room yelling dramatically, “my eyes!”
Claire gasps, “seriously you two? Ms. Bradbury is the head of GSA! And she got both of those love birds to sign as supporters for the club. It’s so obvious!” Claire exasperates and shakes her hands in an attempt to clear things up for her two friends. “Also, Mr. Lafitte is married to a woman.”
Dean tours Castiel to the rest of the house. Pointing towards the few family photos he has. Which are basically just his uncle Bobby, Sam, and him at holidays.
Dean groans but accepts Castiel’s ask and follows up with, “you trying to meet someone?”
Castiel squints and watches Dean turn away to look at the hand dryer. A laugh erupts from his mouth. "Okay, I get it. Jerking off in the bathroom stall. I'm sorry I interrupted that."
Dean still sprints to their bedroom and he rolls his underwear down and watches his own dick spring free. The tip of his dick is achingly red and he’s leaking precome. He grabs the lube from Castiel’s desk drawer and squirts a generous amount and warms it in his hands before he coats it over himself. The squelch feels so good and he can’t help but jack his hand up and down himself.
Dean always laughed and told Cas there was no way Aaron was gay and that the guy wouldn’t of been trying so hard for Dean if he knew he was ‘straight,’ even if it was just in passing. Cas would let the conversation go because Dean would do everything possible to remind him that Aaron had nothing over Cas.
"Sorry, man." Dean's face is pale and he's clutching the seat in front so tightly so he doesn't fall out into the aisle. Castiel coughs and scoots closer to the window, hoping he can give Dean more room to scoot in or enough room for Dean to not accidentally come in close touch of his dick. Game over if that happens.
"Thank you," her voice says quietly. Castiel gives a thumbs up to Jody. The three adults all exchange numbers and Jody winks at them while mouthing, "have a good night off."
“Dean you... I didn’t want you to find out like that. This is so embarrassing.” He gulps, “Benny and I aren’t serious or anything. We’re just sleeping together and it’s not a big deal. He actually likes someone else and I… well… it doesn’t matter. We’re all friends and it shouldn’t matter.”
Meg perks up a bit and Max chuckles at her looks. “I’m super gay,” he lets on.
Michael begged off the bonfire, but no one could fault him for it. His drive had been long and he had looked tired even as he had arrived. Promising that he would spend more time with the family tomorrow -- and Dean had smiled a little to himself at that, that he was now considered part of the family -- he had gone up to bed, leaving his sisters to drag Dean and Castiel down the meandering path towards the beach.
Castiel frowned. “Don’t throw your laundry at me,” he countered, and tossed the shirt back at Dean as he turned to dress.
“Jesus, Cas, get your bony elbow out of my ribs, will ya?”
The dark haired man nodded again.  “They suspected there had been abuse, though it was never proven,” he said, voice dropping a note with the sadness it carried. “These days, we tend to think it was a form of Reactive Attachment Disorder. He wanted very much to be loved, and to love… I just think he never could quite grasp how to do it. He is… quite wealthy, these days, I am told, though not by any legitimate means. Haven’t seen him in years; doubt any of us will again.”
Dean snickered. He clasped his hands in front of himself, struggling to maintain a straight face, even as Missouri began the ceremony by welcoming their guests in this ‘celebration of love and unity’; even Castiel had to fight off laugh at her words.
Dean knew that Castiel’s parents had been aging hippies, and that they had died in a car accident some six years prior. They had adopted all of their many children, Castiel being the second youngest and his little sister Hael the baby of the family. They’d had a complicated relationship with the Catholicism that Castiel’s father had been raised in, choosing to bring their children up in the church only so far and allowing them to decide if they wanted to continue.
“No, you married an exhausted man,” Castiel replied, eyes already closed. “Now come to bed with your husband, Dean.”
For his part, the other man suddenly looked very thoughtful. “It does just say ‘holy matrimony’, Dean,” he said slowly. “There are quite a few churches who would consent to performing a marriage ceremony for a same-sex couple. The executor of the will would be bound by the letter of it…”
“You see?” Hael said, directed at Anna, smacking the other woman on the arm as she spoke. “I told you. All the sweet ones are taken.”
Castiel turned and arched an eyebrow. “Is there anything else I’m not recalling?” he pressed. “I was blindsided by that, Dean.”
Castiel shrugged. “I don’t have the exact number but the last I heard, it had to be over a million dollars,” he replied.
They lay in silence a long moment, Dean shifting a little here and there to get into a more comfortable sleeping position, before Castiel broke the quiet again.
Dean opened his eyes as Castiel watched and blinked sleepily once, then twice, before he cast a lazy smile at Castiel.
“I think it was something about a lot of money and making your Ninja Turtle brother’s head explode by showing of your sexy rough trade husband,” Dean quipped in response and Castiel snorted a laugh, reaching up to stifle it with one hand and shaking his head, succeeding only in getting sand all over his face.
“Mama and Dad would be happy,” Hael agreed, swirling a spoon into her coffee, her dessert dish of ice cream long gone. “For all of us, I bet. Not necessarily with what everybody wound up doing, but if we’re happy? They’d be happy.”
Dean was never much one for afternoon naps, but he found he was rather enjoying them during his stay at Holly House. Maybe it was the mattress he reasoned, much more high-end than anything he could ever afford, or perhaps the quality of the linens and the soft, sleepy atmosphere of the Blue Room that drew him to drowsiness when they returned midafternoon, following lunch with Castiel’s siblings. Or maybe it was the lunch itself, heavy gourmet meals prepared by a kitchen staff that Dean had yet to even see.
Castiel was silent for a long moment, kicking at the sand at his feet. “Dean can play,” he offered quietly. “He can sing, too.”
He sang it now softly, the words tumbling out in a low, raspy voice that he often reserved only for himself. Dean never imagined a life as some grand rock star, at least not after fifteen or so, when he realized he’d have to work hard just to make a living, but in his youthful daydreams, this was a song he could have imagined himself playing on an empty stage, just a guitar and a spotlight to keep him company.
“Oh. Perhaps if you turn onto your side, and I…”
He jumped and yelped. “Hey! Hands off the merchandise ladies,” he said, and held up his left hand, wiggling his ring finger. “I’m spoken for, remember?”
Castiel eyed Hael curiously, noticing with some alarm that she had gotten the weepy, wide-eyed look on her face that typically surfaced only when she was watching The Notebook or an episode of Too Cute.
“In a church?” Raphael cut in, eyebrows raised. Dean could see the sanctimonious glint to the other man’s eyes and he didn’t like it one bit.
“Ah, yes, of course!” Crowley said, bowing towards Dean with his hands clasped in front of him. “I had been told of your recent nuptials, Master Castiel. Congratulations to you both, and it is a pleasure to meet you, Master Dean. I am sure you will find Holly House to your liking.”
Holding up his hands in protest, Dean shook his head. “No, really, I…”
“So it’s true?” the bartender asked, sauntering over with two cold bottles of Hunter's Choice beer dangling from her grip. She placed them on the bartop, one in front of each man, and remained standing before them, swiping at the bar with a dishcloth while she awaited response.
“I don’t know man, what do you remember?” Dean replied, exhaling low as he crossed his arms behind his head.
Castiel was struck by the sudden memory of a road trip they had taken to the Grand Canyon, years ago, when they were fresh out of college and the world had seemed an endless road of possibility stretched out before them. He had peered over the edge of the cliff, transfixed by the deepness of the gorge. He had been afraid of the fall, but still feeling a strange desperation in the pit of his stomach, wanting to know what it was to fly.
Castiel took a step forward, squinting and cocking his head to the side. “Yes, you do. You always have,” he replied. “Moreso when you’re around Sam, but you do it around me, too. I know you’re a very intelligent man, Dean. There aren’t many who’d have been able to turn an old Walkmen into an EMF reader their freshman year at college, just for a laugh.”
Castiel groaned, his head thunking down on the aged wooden bartop.
He let it out with a long exhale, then turned to Castiel with a put-upon expression.
“Ooh, your very own Dean, how nice!” Anna teased.
Castiel crossed his arms and snorted. “I’m sure Raphael would have rather housed us in the stables, if the decision had been his. But we all have equal use on the house and he knows I would have caused a commotion if he treated us as anything but welcome guests.”
Castiel knew that Raphael was trying to make them uncomfortable; he had pulled out all the stops, had the table dressed with the finest dinnerware in the house, and organized an elaborate meal of several courses. It was showing off, to some degree, but also a subtle jab at Castiel and his chosen husband for their more austere lifestyles.
Castiel exhaled hard through his nose. “You know that’s not what I meant,” he said. “You knew what the sculptures were, just like you knew the originals are widely considered to be stolen and a source of controversy. But you pretended like you didn’t. You do that a lot.”
“They’d always be proud of you, Mike,” Anna insisted.
“What do you do now?” Dean asked curiously. Castiel had mentioned that Michael wasn’t very high up on the ladder at his law firm, though he hadn’t commented on what kind of law his brother was currently practicing.
Castiel slept well and deep, cradled against a small mountain of pillows atop the bed. He couldn’t recall his dreams in waking, only that they had been pleasant and sweet, and had left him waking with a smile on his face. It had grown dark in their suite, only the last flickering embers of the fire in the grate left to cast a warm glow, the sun having made its descent behind the line of tall pine trees and overgrown holly bushes that had given the sprawling house its name.
“Yeah, yeah, I got all that part, I did,” Jo replied, spinning his damaged phone around on the bartop to read the words directly. “See!” she exclaimed, pointing down at the open email. “Bound in holy matrimony!”
“It’s true,” he agreed miserably. “My brother Michael is a lawyer, he said everything will stand up in court. I have two weeks to show up at the family home with a wife in tow, or I’ll inherit nothing.”
“Us slow-dancing isn’t weird?” Castiel responded.
“I’d kinda turned into Raph,” Michael replied with a chuckle. “All of his worst traits. A few of Lucien’s. God only knows where I was headed. Glad I took a different path.”
Twin armchairs in powder blue damask sat across from a fireplace, carved in the same blonde wood as the furnishings but patterned inside with blue and white tiles that Dean was certain were of a famous maker, though he couldn’t remember it by name. The house was cool, the early summer bringing no significant warmth to the eastern coast that year, and a fire was already crackling in the grate.
“So by ‘family estate’,” Dean said, “You mean an actual… you know… estate?”
She had also undertaken directing all of the attire for the ceremony; once she had learned of the color scheme of Hannah’s roses in yellow and light pink, she had bought her own yellow dress and found the boys a pair of softly shaded yellow ties decked in pale pink pinstripes, and one. They had wanted to pull whatever formalwear they had in their closets out and just wear that, but Jo had put her foot down and found a tailor who did a rush job on a trio of charcoal grey suits that they had to admit looked pretty good. All in all, for a week’s planning time, it was shaping up to be a lovely ceremony indeed.
Castiel stretched, cracking his back. “Thank god for small favors,” he replied. “I’m surprised either of us could stand up straight, after that mattress last night.”
Dean snorted, peering down at the shirt held up to his chest.
The flush pink of Dean’s cheeks deepened, and he cleared his throat again. “It’s, uh… it’s called ‘If You Were a Stone’,” he explained.
They slept so long, they were nearly late for the evening meal. Raphael apparently had business that would take him away from Holly House for a day or two -- no great loss, so far as Dean was concerned -- but his departure had been marked by a different arrival. When Dean and Castiel joined Anna and Hael for dinner, there was another figure at the table who bore, to Dean’s eyes, a striking resemblance to his own father in his youth.
“What do you want? I’m tired,” Castiel replied with a shrug, and kicked his shoes off before climbing into the bed and scooting over to the far side.
“Really, Dean?” he asked, deadpan tone to his gruff voice belying the sudden warmth he felt, mixture of attraction and abject shame for stealing a peek at his best friend of all people.
Still, Dean needed to know these things. Raphael would be relentless in testing their relationship, he was sure of it; the more Dean could speak on the Goode family history, the better.
Had it been anyone else, Castiel would have been angry at such a flippant response, but there were lines that Dean Winchester could cross that no one else ever could with him. It had been that way since their freshman year chemistry class, when Dean dropped a test tube full of a copper chloride solution on the laboratory floor and loudly apologized to their professor, claiming he had been too distracted by his lab partner’s, as he put it, “very fine ass”.
“Good thing too,” Hael said in a matter-of-fact tone. “You’d kinda turned into a dick.”
“I’ve never really thought about it,” Castiel confessed. He turned back on his side to face Dean. “I suppose I do look after Hael a bit more than the others, but she is the youngest.... though Michael did dote on me as a child, I suppose. It never really mattered among us, except to maybe Lucife… Lucien. He wanted that, the familiarity of it, I suppose. He was jealous of us, and of Gabriel and Anna… they share a birth mother as well.”
“How about a nap before dinner?” he suggested.
Dean reached over and punched him hard in the shoulder, earning a disgruntled, “Ow! What the hell?!” for his trouble.
“How is it perfect?” Dean asked her with a frown. “Cas can’t even get laid, let alone get a girl to sign on for the long haul.”
They set upon Castiel together, hugging him tightly and each kissing one of his cheeks, leaving lipstick smears in varied shades of red. Castiel hugged them back and laughed.
Dean snorted. “Not that I’m not flattered, but how do you even know what I do for a living?” he asked.
“It’s true,” Dean told her, nodding. “I didn’t even know you could put shit like that in a will for real, but it’s in there and it’s legal.”
“Oh, man, can you imagine?” she said, holding her stomach with her free hand. “I bet it’d be like in Scanners, you know?”
If Castiel’s hands were shaking when he placed the ring on Dean’s hand, everyone was polite enough to ignore it. Their kiss was chaste, but sweet; there were more camera flashes than Castiel cared to count, but it wouldn’t matter if he had wanted to keep track. He couldn’t take a count with his eyes closed, after all.
Anna rolled her eyes. “And Haely couldn’t carry a tune in a bucket so we just sort of stopped asking her to try,” she replied, and the two burst into a fit of giggles.
Sam had found the rings online, recycled silver made from what he thought might have been the stems of antique serving spoons. They were similar but not exactly alike, both the same pattern but cut and welded just a little bit differently to make them unique, patterned with swirling leaves and fleur de lis.
Dinner was a much friendlier affair that night. Without Raphael’s dour presence, the table was full of conversation and laughter; Dean felt much more at ease than he had before, and felt he was getting to know Castiel’s siblings much better.
He started searching through his suitcase, looking for another sweater, or anything more appropriate to wear to dinner. In all truth, he just needed something to do with his hands; his nerves were amped up enough that he’d be pacing and wringing them if he didn’t keep himself occupied.
“I know that,” Dean replied with a roll of his eyes. “They met at a campus poetry reading. Your mom’s parents didn’t approve, but she told them to piss off and married him anyway.”
“Oh, he did,” Missouri replied, fondness and a sense of knowing better than the man standing before her evident in her voice. “Doesn’t mean I believe a word of it. I’ve got plenty of friends, boy, but not a one of them I can think of that I’d stand up and marry on a whim… not even for a hefty payout.”
“Gross,” Hael added, pinching her nose shut. “Somebody crack a window.”
Dean snorted. “Understatement,” he mumbled, starting in on his new beer even as Castiel polished off his old one.
“There,” Castiel said, nodding. “Wear it with your dark jeans. That will work.”
It made the impetus of the strange clause in the old man’s will make a little more sense in that respect, and his choice of Raphael as executor a bit more irritating. Castiel’s older brother had earned his uncle’s disapproval when he turned his back on his intended seminary studies and instead focused his academic career on the business world. As Castiel told it, Raphael had made a fortune in the stock market but remained as stringently devout as their uncle had been, returning each Sunday to Zachariah’s beloved Our Lady of the Angels church for mass. He was even on the parish board, Castiel had said, making his interest in disproving Castiel’s claims of honoring his uncle’s wishes even more ardent than it might have been.
“Of course it’s not,” she had said, nodding even as she smiled that knowing little grin. “Whatever you say, Castiel. I’d still like to do this for you. You’re a good friend, you deserve a nice wedding. Fake wedding, even.”
“Yeah, yeah, I’m awesome,” he said in an offhand way, and Castiel couldn’t help the fond smile that came to his lips at the sound.
“C’mon, Cas,” she teased. “Give us a song.”
“Look, it’s not-” Dean had tried to protest, but his words had been waved off.
“Anything I can do?” Dean asked, still feeling a bit like a fish out of water. The beach house might not be as extravagant as Holly House itself, and it might be very dated, but it still had a few vestiges of luxury here and there, and it left him just a little uncomfortable.
“I’m sorry if this place is making you uncomfortable,” Castiel told Dean in reply, digging a little deeper into the fire pit with his hands to create a safer space to pile the kindling. “It’s so much more than even I’m used to, but the familiarity I have makes it a little easier.”
Castiel cleared his throat and tried to clear his head in the process, focusing on the familiar task of changing his clothes and not the rustling noises of his friend doing the same behind him. Dinner with his family would be bad enough without all of the weirdly inappropriate thoughts about Dean clogging up his brain, after all.
“Here we are,” Castiel announced, unlocking bedroom door with a skeleton key had retrieved from Crowley and pushing it open.
“What? It’s the truth, ain’t it?” Dean replied, shrugging.
“Don’t be so modest, Dean,” Castiel said, surprising Dean with a hand on his knee. “Anna is right, that was wonderful. I’d love to hear you sing some more. We all would.”
“Awesome,” he muttered. “I’m a freakin’ gold-digger.”
?!” Dean repeated, voice lowering in volume but gaining rasp and annoyance.
Dean’s feet were aching by the time they returned to the main house for lunch, and he headed back to their room with Castiel in tow directly after eating. He groaned, flopping onto the bed on his back, arms and legs splayed out in an unconscious mimic of a starfish.
He'll remember the way Castiel's eyes flicker when Dean keens at him rubbing his thumb under where the tip of his cock lay, mimicking what he recollects Dean doing to him. He'll remember the way Castiel licks his lips when his eyes track beads of sweat rolling down Dean's neck. He'll remember the way he leans into him slightly with every grind of Dean's hips against his palm — and he'll definitely remember the way Castiel can't help but moan when Dean yanks his arm down further to get closer, closer, God,
Castiel doesn't answer for a moment, too entranced with the way Dean's deft fingers have started to unbutton his dress shirt. "I..."
With that thought now at the forefront of Dean's brain, Dean takes in Castiel's appearance. He seems like he was going to take a shower — which was odd even in itself — as the shower curtain was pulled back and he had discarded his trench coat and suit jacket. The top buttons on his white dress shirt are undone, the tie hanging loosely around his neck, the sleeves rolled up to his elbows. Dean's eyes dared to look down and —
Trembling with tiny aftershocks of pleasure, body buzzing and twitching, he manages to let go of Castiel's hand, watching him pull it back and rest it back onto his lap clumsily. Dean's too tired to care about the heavy awkwardness that threatens to hang in the air, trying to fight the sleep that's creeping up on him. He's so used to falling asleep shortly after he finishes, so it's hard for him to break that habit, eyes threatening to fall shut. He shakes his head slightly to shock himself back awake.
His hand is still going, though, still pumping at a reasonable pace despite this but sounding so slick and raunchy from how much Castiel's cock is drooling. Dean's breathing is starting to pick up pace, his panting threatening to compete with Castiel's wheezes.
Well, he supposes there is one thing he could do to help him. He gathers his strength, prepares himself for what's about to happen, and he says through gritted teeth, "okay. You have to be doing it wrong, so I'll... I'll show you."
"Yeah, I know what I said," he quips, temper already trickling up and rising. He starts making his way over to one of the two beds against the wall on the other side of the room and he begins rearranging some of the stuff there, pushing the pillows further up the bed, pulling the sheet over them. While he's doing this task, he continues absently, "just — don't talk about whatever is gonna happen after we're done, okay? We will never speak of this again — especially to Sammy."
because of it. He's aching so bad in his jeans, cock throbbing in time with his heartbeat that he's forced to bring his hand over and push his heel against the bulge there just to feel some sort of relief, immediately seeing stars.
"Okay, well..." Dean begins, voice treading lightly as if he's driving Baby down a rocky incline. "You're obviously doing it wrong if it hurts. It's meant to feel good. I can't really show you, but..."
"Alright, we can start now, just — relax, okay? Watch what I'm doing."
Dean was minding his own business — actually researching a case for once since Sam was out getting them some food — when he hears a crash come from the motel bathroom, followed by an abrupt curse. On instinct, his hand goes to the gun resting on the kitchen table, cocking it back with skilled fingers and rising from his seat, making his way over to where the sound came from.
Castiel cries out at the sensation with a surprised, choked off "
He does by grazing his hand back over Castiel's clothed cock. He does by finally —
And God, he does.
to dwell on — he almost feels bad for teasing him, having him stew in his own thoughts and feelings for a moment. Almost.
It wasn't a spell.
"I will help you."
Dean scrambles, not knowing what to do for a second because
with it and Dean can't possibly help but feel a tad bit hot, too. He tries to find his voice and he musters up a cocky, "steady there, partner. I'm just trying to get this off of you so we can get to the main course," but his voice sounds so high that he can't help but wince at it.
Before Dean knows what he’s doing, he reaches for Castiel and kisses his mouth.
Because it’s clear that it’s Dean’s turn to sit back in shock, Castiel throws his body forward so he’s practically sitting in Dean’s lap as he grabs his jaw with both hands. He kisses desperately until Dean realizes the truth of Castiel’s admission. He grabs Castiel’s hips and pulls Cas fully on top of him as his body falls back onto the bed. Between their shared elation the kiss grows needier. Dean’s letting Cas grind down on top of him as the two groan out their love for each other.
Castiel laps his tongue over Dean's aching hole. Surprisingly, it's not as bad as Castiel imagined it could be. In all honesty, the act of pleasing Dean, makes Cas just as hard even when he himself isn't touched. “Cas- fuck. Mhm, Good. Yes,” Deans verbal chants are nearly impossible to hear clearly. Jumbled words escape his mouth in desperate cries and stomach deep moans. But they only make Castiel want to try more. He circles his tongue a few more times around his hole before he slowly sinks his tongue in.
Cas doesn’t meet Dean’s eyes so his friend grabs his chin. “Hey, look at me.” He smiles at him, “why are you scared? Can I help?”
Mary picks up Sam and motions for Dean and Cas to climb into the wagon. "Here boys, you can relax a little bit. I’ll carry Sammy.” She looks between both of their down faces. “Are you okay? Was he mean to you? Are you hurt?”
Castiel licks his lips over. The look from Claire is enough to give him a warning that incoming tears are soon to rain down if he brings up Jimmy and Amelia. So instead he shrugs, "yeah, guilty."
Dean shakes his head, "no. Why can't you get your own? It's not like it's hard."
The three of them finish dinner with Dean going on and telling them about Cas. Although he’s felt sad speaking of Cas since the breakup, this time is different. This time he can talk about the boy he loves without the sharp twisting feeling of knives in his heart. And he can say it all to his own family.
Castiel shrugs, "I have a rather extensive family. My dad wasn't around much. He is a great man, he is a director of some fancy corporation. I don't recall ever even seeing him. My mom, she's controlling. She tried to force me into a certain lifestyle. It took her a while to realize she was suffocating me. She claims I was too rebellious growing up. I believe I did what was right. And I have six siblings; Michael, Gabriel, Anna, Hannah, Samandriel, and Tessa. It's a lot to handle sometimes."
Claire isn’t sure what happened but Mr. Miltons daily visits to their fourth period class have been lacking. He always would show up within the first ten minutes of class each day and asks their teacher for some useless teaching item. Like the man doesn’t have enough expo markers, pencils, and rulers in his own
Dean laughs again and feels like his throat is burning. “Sammy, this time, it was the other way around. No question.” He pulls at the bracelet around his wrist. The thin silver band Cas got him. The letters CN + DW engraved on the inside.
Cas almost asks what makes it different for him to do it versus Dean doing it, but he stops himself fast. Honestly… he kind of liked it. He sees why people are so affectionate this way.
And when Castiel leans over and his hand makes contact with the bulge in Dean's jeans, it's like thunder and lightning and entire
rain down in his tummy. It takes everything in him not to bust right there. Pleasure sparks behind his eyelids at the way Castiel is petting him, all stiff and hesitant. The friction against his cock makes him hiss through his teeth, too much but not
And all the while, Castiel is making these quiet, short little gasps and it's like music to Dean's ears. It's as if he's not even aware of it, soft, small little
And he pops off like a rocket with a sharp gasp, back arching like a bow, going completely stiff for a moment before his whole body shakes with the force of it. Ribbons and ribbons shoot from him, painting Dean's shirt and his own slacks. Dean can't take his eyes off him, mesmerized by the way his mouth falls open on an
. Dean swallows.
Castiel tsks, muttering something uncoherent under his breath. "I know that, but it definitely did not feel good. What is this fascination you humans have with fornication if it feels like that?"
Dean's eyes widen at that. That's... Wait, what? Is Castiel only offering because he feels obligated to? Dean's stomach churns with discomfort.
"Oh. Why can't you?"
because this isn't about him — but seeing Castiel lose himself to sensation and not even realize it is
Castiel looks so defeated. The hope that flickered in his eyes before has
"Cas... It-It isn't... It's not..." He can barely get the words out. Dean himself is almost as flustered as Castiel is at this point, sweat prickling at the back of his neck, hands tightening into fists by his sides.
Dean can't help but lean closer, closer into his lap, getting a bit more confident now that he knows what he's doing is good. He gently lays his arms across Castiel's lap to pin him down even though he
Dean shuts up at that. What?
"Cas —
Castiel's head snaps up to study Dean's face, eyes darting around until they land on his eyes. He seems... wired.
Dean opens his mouth to reply, but Castiel's words keep stumbling out.
, Cas," he breathes, green eyes sparkling with desire. Castiel keens in response.
"Dean," Castiel tries again, voice weak and breathy and high. "
It was —
"Oh," Dean breathes. "That's...
"Of course," Dean purrs.
that Dean can't help but fucking whine, his tongue coming back up to lap at his cock over and over again.
, Dean is so far gone. He's barely done anything yet and Castiel is already whining like he's never felt anything this good.
Dean is dumbfounded. "What do you mean?"
A pregnant pause, then a small nod.
Dean sighs, eyes falling closed, letting out a long sigh through his nose. Was he really considering this?
Dean to move him, and lets him rush right past him. When Dean is finally out of Castiel's proximity, finally out of the heated stare he was on the receiving end of, he's able to breathe a sigh of relief. Instantly, he makes his way over to the small area in the corner that could hardly be considered a kitchen, pulling the fridge open in search of a very needed beer.
