"I'll take it from here, Cap.  You get some rest," he said.
'Come on, let's go home, and have that little talk,' John said, turning and walking away.
John smiled at his deduction and continued speaking.
John settled back against the bench, his gaze leaving Sherlock for the middle distance.
'It's OK to admit it,' John muttered, annoyed.
'And the army will go on record about Corporal Hall?'
Sherlock checked birth records, no other live births were recorded for his parents, so a sibling wasn't a possibility.  With DNA proof taken by Mycroft, Dean Hall was, indeed, exactly where he was supposed to be.
'You and me are going to have a long talk when we get back, Sherlock.'
In odd moments, when John wasn't around, he continued to study Hall's file, which had appeared, via a courier, a few days after Remembrance Day.  A note, in Mycroft's careful, precise handwriting, informed him that the dates were correct, there was a body in the grave which conformed to Hall's expected condition and a DNA test carried out on the remains were positive for Corporal Dean Hall.
Sherlock felt like a weight had disappeared from his shoulders.  All these years John hadn't been mourning a lover, he had been remembering a comrade.
A particularly large group of mixed gender RAF and civilians had gathered on the path and were quietly watching three of their number plant several crosses.  Sherlock wasn't slow in dodging around them but by the time he was on the path again John's grey hair and black coat had disappeared.
John snorted a laugh as he stood up.
"What's your name Corporal?  I don't think I've seen you before."
John's eyes smiled at him through the glass before he left the apartment and trotted quickly down the stairs.  The sound of the outside door closing galvanised Sherlock into movement.  He watched from the window, not close enough to be seen from the outside, but near enough to see which direction John had taken.
'I don't know why you and at least fifteen other people admit to seeing him after he died.'
'Neither do I.  Come on, it's getting dark, let's go home.'
'I missed him when I was flown back to Queen Elizabeth Hospital.  Missed everyone.  Then I met you.'
Sherlock had managed to speak to one or two other ex-army personnel, under the guise of preparing a book on Afghanistan, who had mentioned Dean as being a bloody good nurse but had no further information.
Sherlock kept his head down and dodged between well dressed civilians and service personnel in their number ones, keeping his quarry in sight but not close enough for John to realise he was being followed, yet again.
Sherlock looked back at the cross, almost hidden in the rapidly gathering gloaming.
'So you didn't find anything out about Dean?' John asks.
Sherlock had picked up nuggets of knowledge over time, such as the small wooden cross bore the name 'Dean Hall'.  John always waited until the afternoon before setting off.  He always walked, whatever the weather, and despite not ever seeing John plant the cross Sherlock was ninety-eight percent sure it was planted somewhere in the Remembrance Gardens of Westminster Abbey.
Sherlock's warm hand, gently wormed its way around John's.
Each year, for all the years that John and he had been sharing a flat, even for the two years he made his best friend believe he was dead, John had carried out this ritual.  And each and every year that Sherlock had followed him, John had managed to evade him.
'So why did I see him after he'd died?' John elaborated.
"The Sarge and me, we'll be fine, Sir."
'Why didn't you tell me about this before now?' Sherlock asked, rather hurt.
Curiously Sherlock watched his partner from his position, laid out like a medieval stone effigy, on the sofa.
"I've only just come on duty, Sir.  I'm OK."
'On the contrary, I found out everything about him, from birth to death.'
'Never better John, never better.  Let's go home.'
Sherlock stayed silent.
John stopped suddenly.
As John stood in front of the mirror, adjusting the fit of his coat, Sherlock emerged from their room, suit as impeccable as ever, hair coiffed and a black coat of his own, over his arm.
'At least, those are only the ones who agreed to speak to me.'
Sherlock gave a hardly there grunt, but otherwise remained motionless.
After a seconds pause, Sherlock's lips formed the words, 'Thank you!'
There was a pause before he asked sharply, 'What?'
'Won't be long,' John said, looking at him through the mirror.
For the next year the case of Dead Dean, as Sherlock privately named it, continued to gnaw at him.
'Your story is not yet finished,'  Sherlock said, casting his clear gaze on his companion.
He knew his brother could have picked John up quickly with his network of cameras around the city but he did not want to ask Mycroft for help in this.  This was something personal, something between he and John.  Whoever Dean Hall had been, he had obviously been tremendously important to John.  A small voice at the back of his mind, which sounded exactly like John's voice, whispered to him that he was only doing this out of jealousy.  He replied, loftily, that he was above such petty emotions.
Sherlock sat up straight, his brain working as faster than ever but all that came out of his mouth was,
'We were never physically involved, if that's what you're asking,' John stated, a slight smile lingering around his lips.
Forty-five minutes brisk walk brought the entrance to the gardens in sight.  The crowds were still quite thick, despite most people usually having planted their Remembrances earlier in the day, when it was ticket holders only.
"What about you?  There's going to be another intake of wounded coming through soon."
Birth records matched, there were no holes in the background information which Mycroft's minions had dug up about the man.  Loathe as Sherlock was to admit it, the investigation Mycroft had carried out was meticulous in every detail. He could find no fault.
"This is in case...."
'You got shot.'
'We shook hands, as I was walking out of post-op, I looked back, Blakeson was holding onto Hall's hand, whilst he was sponging him down and lowering his fever.  I know we'd given Blakeson a good shot of morphine and various other drugs to help him until his body made the firm decision to either get well or give up, but he looked so serene and I knew not enough time had passed for all the pharmaceuticals to take effect.
'After we were introduced to Mike and started solving cases together, I sent a letter to Hall, thanking him for his nursing skills and his bedside manner.  I also sent a letter of commendation to whom I assumed would be his commanding officer saying the same thing and recommending him for promotion.  It was after Baskerville when the letter I'd sent him was returned to me, 'unknown recipient' stamped all over it; the letter of commendation was returned to me via an RAMC liaison officer.  We met for a coffee in town, he returned my letter to me and than gave me a folder, a picture of Dean stapled to the inside.  He was listed as KIA.'
After talking about Sherlock’s lack of dating experience-
Sherlock’s arousal was pulsing, and he tried to rub against the mattress beneath him to relieve the ache reaching from his tongue plundered arse to his cock, but John held him still.
“Well, aren’t you full of surprises tonight, love,” John’s low voice echoed through the quiet room, and Sherlock’s bum rose slightly higher in invitation. John shook his head with a chuckle, his pants feeling significantly tighter against his burgeoning erection, but he held back. He wanted to drive Sherlock mad with pleasure before taking his fill.
“I promise to love, honor, and cherish you always, and may life and death never part us,” both men repeated to one another in the same moment, their voices melding together, and Lestrade gave them both a smile from where he stood beside them, officiating.
Despite the heat of the day, and his lingering fatigue from work, John allowed the detective to hold him in a vice grip while he pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s temple.
Sherlock was shaken from his dark thoughts by a large, warm hand against his shoulder and turned to see two warm, blue eyes staring drowsily at him.
, indeed.
That night they made love, slowly, achingly passionate, until Sherlock was quite overtaken by pleasure and fell into a blissful sleep with John still throbbing inside of him. John came moments later, falling asleep still inside his lover and held him in a tight embrace until the next morning.
“John” Sherlock braved his name, and the beast turned his head in shock, “you and I, in this moment, we are allowed to just be human”
“You look very princely,” he said, and John grimaced slightly in response.
John nodded in agreement, and the two men set off in the direction of the embezzling man.
Now, just over two years later, he and Sherlock were still together at 221B, and John was content with their domesticity; tea rings left of the coffee table and their chairs well worn. But Sherlock had been acting oddly, well oddly for him, for the past few days, skittish and nervous, one could say, and John wanted to figure out why.
“Now,” John said in a conversationalist manner, “why were you so disobedient before?”
,” Sherlock whimpered as John began to lift him, up and down, on his cock. Sherlock’s body pliant in his grasp as he moved him steadily up and allowed him to sink back down, his entrance swallowing John’s manhood exquisitely.
“No John, you can’t sleep!” Sherlock yelled, softly shaking the beast, “wake up, John,” but John’s hand had grown limp across Sherlock’s face, and fell to the cold ground of the balcony.
Sherlock shook his head, not wanting to engage the oftentimes off-putting man, but Moriarty was not to be persuaded. He slithered up to Sherlock's side and slid a questing hand around his waist, ignoring Sherlock's flinch of discomfort at the intimate action.
Sherlock ignored the howl of a lonely creature coming from the castle, refusing to feel pity for the beast who had imprisoned and attacked him.
John slide down the bed and, before Sherlock could even make a deduction, pressed her lips in a wet, closed mouth kiss against Sherlock’s lower lips. Sherlock’s hips thrust off the bed in shock, but John grabbed her, keeping her face buried in the short curls and laughing gently against Sherlock's cunt from her reaction, causing Sherlock to moan from the vibrations against her most sensitive area.
Beyond that, John stirred up confusing feelings within her. It would be best to keep her distance.
Sherlock had decided that it was time to lose his virginity. After all, he was twenty-five years old, and despite his many dalliances with drugs and corpses, he was sexually as pure as they come.
“Now, can I get back to making you feel wonderful?” John asked with a tentative smile, not wanting to push Sherlock but being anxious to continue touching the gorgeous detective. But she smiled and nodded back eagerly in consent, and John kissed her; deeply, passionately, with the meeting of tongues and heat dancing back and forth between the two.
he thought.
They were seated in their usual spot by the window, with a candle placed on the table just like the first night. This time, John did not object to being called Sherlock’s date, only smiling warmly at the server and offering his thanks. Sherlock peered at him with an inquisitive gaze at his lack of rebuke, and then huffed as if frustrated by his inability to deduce John’s intentions.
, she wasn’t incorrect about these fitting me just right,” Sherlock muttered to himself.
But Sherlock merely looked at his brother in silence, remembering his mother’s words: “you must have the courage to be kind.”
Sherlock asked breathlessly, his mind slow from sleep, but John continued to lick and kiss at the sweet opening.
“By the way” Sherlock spoke softly after a while; drawing John’s eyes from the fire back to the young man, “thank you, for saving my life.”
John knelt down next to him, and gathered the despondent detective in his firm arms, holding him to his chest and breathing slowly, exaggeratedly, so Sherlock would match his breathing and calm down.
A young Prince lived in a beautiful castle,
“I can prove it,” Sherlock yelled in desperation over the mounting volume of the dissatisfied crowd, “show me the beast!”
The last moment John remembered was looking into Sherlock's eyes, his figure blurring slightly, before everything was dark.
What if John laughed at the lean, lanky detective in women’s undergarments? Or worse, was disgusted?
John sighed, pulling his hand away from Michael’s to run it over his face, “yes, yes I do care for him. I’m sorry, he isn’t interested in relationships so I figured-“
“Oh, that’s brilliant!” Sherlock announced to the empty room, happy to hear his voice was in working order. It was the prince. The man in the painting in the beast’s bedchambers from the night he ran away, over a month ago.
“Stop thinking, Sherlock.” John said in his normal tone, as if he was asking Sherlock if he wanted a cup of tea, and Sherlock’s mind whirled in confusion.
Sherlock was cut off by Mrs. Hudson pushing him down on the bed next to John with a huff, causing John to laugh quietly, holding Rosie firmly so as not to wake her.
No matter how many escape attempts she tried, bribes she made, and even, at one shameful moment of weakness, begging, she was not allowed to leave the castle under for any reason for the foreseeable future.
“Hush John, I’m thinking. Now, it wasn’t just any man who gave these to you, it was someone who obviously cares about you. Who would go to the trouble of finding lilacs in January otherwise? So, not just anyone, but someone special, someone who views you as serious, equates you with nighttime and perhaps danger, but also sweetness, going with the baby’s breathe. Flowers are so indicative of sentiment, they are simple to-“
Finally, John lowered them down so they rested snug up together underneath the duvet chest to chest, feeling each other’s heartbeats. While the recently solved triple homicide case had them both running high on endorphins, they hadn’t slept in 30 hours and John knew that Sherlock would need to unwind after such an exhilarating case. Sherlock began to grumble his tell tale-
Sherlock and John looked at one another, questioningly, before Sherlock shook his head. The girl took out her phone and snapped a few pictures, and feeling bold, John lifted up and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek, causing the younger man to flush and duck his head shyly.
”I know it isn’t far, my dear, the way you’re treated. I know you never wished for this life, but please,” she pleaded, pulling back to gaze into Sherlock’s intelligent eyes, “please find a way to be happy in the life you’ve been given.”
He was grateful that Donovan and Anderson were nowhere in sight.
Sherlock’s a virgin.
‘How do you feel about the violin? I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end, would that bother you? Potential flat mates should know the worst about each other,’ Sherlock had quipped, so many months ago in the lab at St. Bart’s. John chuckled inwardly, as if that was the worst part about living with Sherlock.
“Whatever you say, honey” John concludes with a grin, asking for the check from their waiter and paying the bill despite Sherlock’s protests.
Her thighs were rhythmically flexing together, uncontrolled by her mind-palace, pumping in blood and a pressure was mounting through her cheeks, chest, abdomen, and, oh god, what….
Sherlock is,” Moriarty shivered as if the mere idea revolted him.
Sherlock shook himself from his daydream, heat flushing up his cheeks as he smiled secretly. John seemed to be obsessed with Sherlock’s arse, so Sherlock decided he would acquiesce.
“So I was raised with dolls, and tea parties, and whatever new fashion my father could afford as a banker-merchant. By the time I was 16, I was engaged to be married to the blacksmiths youngest son. All was right in my parent's world, but…”
His arms went slack in their bindings, his head falling back in groaning acceptance of John’s control over his body and pleasure.
, oh.
John watched the white foam fall from Sherlock’s alabaster skin which was held a rosy undertone from the warm bath and intimate discussion, and he felt himself grow hard.
In a swift move, John straddled Sherlock’s thighs, reaching up to stroke two strong hands up and down Sherlock’s torso, pressing down firmly and keeping his body back on the bed in a submissive pose.
how to sooth the itch," said John, and Sherlock could hear the teasing mirth in his voice, his expression wrinkling in confusion. What could John mean by that?
“Oh no you don’t,” Mrs. Hudson commanded, striding over and pinching Sherlock-sharply- in the arm, ignoring her cry, “you’ve slept half the day away, and you’ve been shirking your duties as the princess of Fairlyn for long enough.”
Well, he was the king, after all.
John grabbed his arse hard enough to cause bruises as he neared completion once again.
Said man looked up with a half-hearted smirk, licking his lips momentarily, before reaching up and beginning to undo Sherlock’s shirt buttons one by one, popping them from their holes in a dedicated manner, his eyes never leaving his task and allowing Sherlock to study his new husband’s face. John seemed to be avoiding his eyes, how odd? And he was less demanding than usual, slower, almost more passive...
Next chapter: John discovers one of Sherlock's kinks....
So sweet.
Momentarily at least.
John thought proudly. Nodding once more to the young nurse-
Any kinks you would like to see, please comment below or message me at DPS on Tumblr.
The stare off between the residents of 221B was broken by their dinners being delivered, and John gratefully tucked into his meal in order to ignore the anxiety clawing up his throat at Sherlock’s continued silence.
He turned back and went to the bloodied and broken beast, taking off his cloak and covering the wounded creature to give him some semblance of warmth. Then Sherlock, with the help of Philip, was able the heave the large beast on Philip’s back for the slow walk back to the castle.
So many words unsaid. So many repressed feelings that are now bubbling to the surface in this missed domesticity, brewing tea and looking at this brilliant, ridiculous, beautiful man. Shaking his head, John knew it is time to stop denying the truth. As a traditional British man, he resolved to solve his problem using the ultimate weapon: tea.
He gasped, taking in the sight of the room around them.
“You’re alright, John,” Lestrade consoled where he sat propped up nearby, sharpening his sword in the dim firelight where he sat on watch. His eyes looked sadly at John, and she realized she had most likely been calling out in her sleep as well.
“Sherlock dear, I’m coming in!”
John, listening to the men’s conversation as she lunged back and forth, bristled at the comment about her lesser status; but she stifled her urge to correct and kept her eyes forward and focused- the perfect soldier.
Lestrade and Molly looked disbelieving at the thought of Sherlock not loving John, remembering the looks Sherlock always shot at John, always laughing when he was around with a besotted smile, but they stayed silent. It was too late.
“It slows down my transport John, I’ve told you-“
? About my…” Sherlock whispered, absolutely mortified, and John chuckled in response, pressing Sherlock’s backside back against his half hard cock and relishing Sherlock’s wiggle when his manhood poked his tender bum.
Sherlock felt his manhood begin to harden again against his will, the vibrations emanating from his hole sending the nerve endings throughout his body aflame while he pinched his eyes closed in concentration.
As John looked at Sherlock, he attempted to give the detective an epithet within the confines of his mind that suited the petulant detective. Was Sherlock his friend again? “Friend” seems far too uncomplicated after everything the two had gone through together: after seven years, a faked suicide, and an assassin wife with a false pregnancy. These events tearing at their sanities, separating the two men and yet…. Here they are, back at Baker Street.
"You can, master, it is only one night, and it is a nice jacket," he argued back. John picked up the clothes and began quickly tugging them onto his enormous frame, and then walked over to the cracked mirror. Lestrade beamed at him, but John only scowled in the mirror, preferring himself to be in his usual torn trousers and cloak, rather than the constricting outfits that actually showed off his monster-like form.
Although Sherlock may not deserve to receive pleasure from his punishment, John decided that, just this once, he would show mercy to the flustered detective who was taking his punishment so well.
"No mate, this is the reality around here. You'll get used to it I'm sure," the candelabra soothed, but Sherlock was not in the state of mind to hear it.
…. Sherlock’s mind raced, trying to find a way to deflect attention from his moan. Deflect attention.
"What-" Sherlock began before turning over the tiny tea-cup, seeing an expression of delight on what can only be a little girl's face, with long eyelashes and cheeks that stuck out of the ceramic cup, highlighted by her cheerful countenance and smile, "hello there, who are you?" Sherlock asked politely despite his growing feelings of panic, remembering his mother's admonishments about the importance of always being kind to children above all others.
The fingers that were driving him delirious suddenly exited, and he whined in displeasure.
John drew Sherlock tongue into his mouth and gave a gentle suck, and Sherlock felt the resulting throb all the way down to his toes, causing them to curl in pleasure.
A hand was placed on his arm, and John took a deep breath, gazing down into Sherlock’s eyes that were filled with sadness and something akin to pity.
John trailed off, becoming self-conscious all of a sudden and glancing at Sherlock. Sherlock was gazing back at her with curiosity in her eyes.
, it’s rubbing-
John cried out, tears beginning to stream down from his eyes, his mouth wordlessly mouthing,
The only person in the castle John could be prevailed upon to be kind to in the slightest was his ward, Rosie, who was unfortunately involved in the spell that fateful night, along with the few servants who had remained loyal to John right before his transformation. Truthfully, John loved Rosie, but he feared his beastly form and the damage he could do to her, so she was not allowed to be in the same room as him, period.
And then the curse. And now, Sherlock.
Meanwhile, John was pulling Sherlock’s slender right leg to rest over his good shoulder, his curious hands reaching to pull open Sherlock’s plump cheeks to expose his winking entrance to his eyes for the first time.
John sighed when Sherlock peered up at him again, and stood up. Stretching out his hand, he said, “Come here.”
John stood in the silence of the flat for a moment in confusion. Sherlock was acting very oddly, and right before he bolted from the room, a look had passed over his unusually pale features. It looked like heartbreak.
“I’ll come back for you darling, once I’ve taken care of this pesky beast that stands in the way,” Moriarty soothed, letting his fingers come through the cages to stroke Sherlock’s cheek and receiving a sharp bite on his fingers for his trouble. He winced and reared back, shock on his face.
Oh, shit.
John thought, his breathing ragged from overwhelming desire to claim Sherlock
He brushed through his curls on the way to his bedroom, looking at the lingerie lying on the bed with a feeling of trepidation running up his spine.
Michael nodded; turning to the door to hurry out the way he had come, John’s eyes staring heatedly at his back until he was gone, disappearing down the corridor.
He didn’t want to break away. He wanted to consume John, crawl inside of him and never leave his heart, be protected and protect him, every day, forever.
And it was.
“You will not remove this plug, nor will you come, until I say so. You can beg, plead, and act as sinfully slutty as you wish, grinding on me and acting utterly wanton, but I control your pleasure,” John growled lowly, rubbing his hand against Sherlock’s erect cock while pressing his own aroused manhood between the cleft of Sherlock’s arse, pressing the plug in further and reveling in Sherlock’s high moan.
John sighed happily into Sherlock’s mouth, “I can’t live without you, ever again,” he murmured against his lips. Sherlock choked off a sob, his heart overflowing, feeling tears welling up in his eyes and trying to blink them away, a few escaping and trailing down his flushed face.
The statue depicted a young woman with sharp cheekbones and her collarbones could hold a drink, they were so defined. Her curled tresses ran down her neck and curled just above her small breasts in unruly ringlets. Her eyes were narrowed, much like a predator in the jungle, but she had softness about her features that made the disjointed parts quite… lovely.
John bit down on Sherlock cheeks just as he increased the vibrations, listening to Sherlock fall apart once again, staining the pillow beneath his hips with his release.
After a moment, Sherlock's tired body went completely pliant, allowing John to situate his body so he was lying between John’s legs, his head buried in John’s chest as tears soaked through John's work button down. Sherlock distantly wished John was wearing one of his ugly, soft jumpers, but relished the feeling of John’s strong chest, John’s warmth,
“John, John please,” Sherlock whined, tugging at his restraints fruitlessly as John’s hard member pressed teasingly, torturously, against his aching bum.
John pretending to think for a moment, rocking back on his heels and clasping his calloused hands behind his back,” hmm, while you
Well, we do have to have a wedding scene in a classic romance :) Kudos/comments appreciated
“Fine, apology accepted, fealty accepted, all of it. Now, leave me be,” Sherlock dismissed John with the wave of her hand, closing her eyes and leaning back so her neck rested on the edge of the tub.
“You’d try it out with someone new,” Michael finished with an understanding expression, his brow furrowed, “but I don’t want to get involved with someone whose heart is already spoken for.”
“It feels bloody marvelous, actually,” John replied, his spirits running high now that the first moment of admitting and acceptance were over and done with. He didn’t want to hide his and Sherlock’s relationship. He wanted everyone to know that the detective was his, and vice versa.
While the princess had charmed John entirely, she had not considered that the princess would loathe her due to her position as bodyguard and “babysitter.” It made sense the princess was resentful- John understood the frustration of being overlooked and bossed around.
He was wearing women’s underwear that formed to his half-hard cock gloriously, John’s mouth watered at the erotic sight of Sherlock- standing there self-consciously, but looking like a Greek god with his lithe form, light muscled and alabaster, unmarked skin that spoke to his youth.
"Go to sleep, Sherlock, I can hear you thinking," John whispered into her ear, her lips touching Sherlock's earlobe once in a soft kiss before settling down, clutching Sherlock tighter against her soft, yet strong, body. After a few moments, Sherlock relaxed, breathing in John's scent and the feeling of security at having John's arms around her.
“S-Sherlock?” Coughed a voice to the left, and Sherlock ran forward in relief at his father’s voice. Grasping his hands through the bars, Sherlock hissed.
“Don’t hide from me, my love,” John whispered, and Sherlock’s confusion only mounted when between one blink and another, John disappeared.
“J-John,
“Huh?” Sherlock tilted his head in curiosity, walking up to the painting of the young man and using his dexterous fingers to run over the painting's torn strips, placing them together to get a look at the young man’s image.
“Alrighty boys, for our next plan, we are going to make an honest man out of me! Call the warden of the local insane asylum, I have a new patient he is going to want to meet,” he said with a slow curling grin, containing the promise of pain, and he outlined his plan to strike a deal with the warden, either Sherlock marries Moriarty or his father will be forced into the insane asylum due to his lunatic fantasy's of a beast, which everyone heard just now. With that evidence, Moriarty can claim that Sherlock's father is a danger to their society and should be locked away somewhere "safe."
“I do love you,” John murmured between kisses, adoring Sherlock’s naked, sleep warmed body beneath his own, “I absolutely adore you, even when you’re a git.”
“Little minx,” John half-heartedly reprimanded, watching in fascination as his fingers disappeared into Sherlock’s inviting bum, the pink silk string now teasing his fingertips as he passed back and forth. He added another finger, the three of them fitting snuggly in Sherlock’s tight, wet backside.
The prince… is the
But, like all good things, the day finally came to an end. The two men were exhausted, but utterly and completely happy at the same time. Content.
Sherlock walked over to the full-length mirror hanging on the wardrobe, and his mouth dropped in shock. He had never appeared so… Regal. He was standing tall, appearing even taller due to the boots and the slim cut of the jacket. The jacket’s tassels sparkled in the candlelight and the blue from the shirt brought out the blue in his eyes, making them seem even larger.
“Good lord! So you’re not to be my bodyguard, you’re to be my babysitter!” Sherlock exclaimed, sitting up with a burst and sending water careening all over the floor.
“So if you’re finished asking idiotic questions, I will ask you to leave,” she sniffed.
The corset pushed up his slightly muscled chest, bringing the muscles together to form the appearance of small breasts with the nipples just barely hidden. This waist, tied off with the black silk bow, appeared ridiculously small on his already slender frame, extenuated his hips, making them appear curvy rather than their usual bony.
Siger sighed, “very well, Sherlock, but be careful. You’re no match for Moriarty on your own.”
The cruel man’s face split in a smirk once more, “you have no idea the kind of monster I am, my dear.”
Sherlock…. Had shaved his legs?
one to three,
“Watson, hey! There you are, John, come on,” Greg called, staring at John from down the hallway with a confused look on his face. He cocked his head and questioned, “what are you looking at?”
Sherlock led John into his bedroom, John still holding Rosie in his arms, and he pushed him gently onto the bed, removing the torn and bloodied cloak from his shoulders and forced him to lie down, Rosie already dozing on his chest, curled up with a little thumb in her mouth, asleep to the world and completely trusting in the arms of her papa.
And John was so brave- she was a captain who had been injured but still tried to help others at Iris; she was small and soft-spoken, but still captivating with long dark blonde hair and sea-blue eyes.
“Are you happy here, Sherlock?” John asked after a moment, and Sherlock smiled, twirling his rose around his fingers and looking out over the landscape before meeting the beast’s eyes.
Sherlock was softly choking on sobs, heated tears flowing down his cheeks, when the door to his secret bolt hole opened, a figure he would recognize anywhere stepping inside and closing the door behind him with a succinct
But, as in every story, not all days were joyous ones. One day his mother became ill, having caught an insidious virus that was moving through the land, and Sherlock was struck with an all-consuming fear.
them,” John murmured as he lavished kisses on Sherlock’s elegant neck, nipping at his clavicle lightly in a way he knew the detective adored, “I love them.”
“What…?” Sherlock gasped as the plug like object settled inside of him, and he wiggled his hips around for a moment, testing out the large plug holding him opened, teasing at the corners of his sensitive rim.
Sherlock could spend months here and not have explored every part. It was fascinating, and new, and exciting.
Sherlock gulped.
"So," Sherlock said after a moment, "this room is a disaster."
“Sir yes sir,” Sherlock mumbled with a smile, and John rolled his eyes, the tender moment passing as the two men watched one another in the confines of their home.
“Sherlock, love, come back to me,” John commanded, not harshly but with enough steel that Sherlock jumped to attention, standing rigid, waiting for John’s next order.
“Fuck me John, please, I’m yours,” Sherlock said shyly, as if he was not being fucked in pink panties while tied to the bed, unable to escape from John’s member unless he allowed it. John shivered from the overwhelming feeling of control settling over his shoulders.
He said it quietly, and John exhaled slowly, watching Sherlock’s reactions and not denying it. He said nothing, only stood there in the tense silence surrounding 221B, staring at Sherlock, his silence acting as confirmation.
Sherlock may now value his life, but his impulsive decision today only proved how much the young man needed to learn about safety and internal control.
John thought for a moment but quickly realized the futility of arguing with the incensed girl- she bowed lowly and softly said, “yes, princess, of course.”
John purposefully avoided Sherlock’s prostate, despite his attempts to angle his body so John would rub against the sweet spot.
John saw the tenderness in Sherlock’s changeable eyes, and he tried to fight back the tears that had already been stinging his eyes, but found he was unable too when Sherlock was opening him up, entering him in a way he never had been before.
“Is it a big beast?” Asked one of the minions.
John looked at his half-awake detective who was holding out his skinny arms, and John was helpless to resist. Climbing into bed, John arranged the duvet to rest over them before tugging Sherlock close, tucking him under his chin and marveling at how perfect it felt, as if they were meant to fit together in this way.
The doctor and detective left quickly thereafter, jumping in a cab while Sherlock barked an address at the cabbie. With that, the two men were off.
“Yes, and you invaded the northern kingdom,” Sherlock agreed with a serious expression, fighting off another giggle and losing.
“After all, these flowers are indicative of someone who is colder, someone who undeniably favors darkness over light, someone who is more serious than you with your ridiculous jumpers-“
Sherlock tried to wiggle free, and John gripped his hip briefly, squeezing sharply in warning as his right hand continued to punish Sherlock in an infantile and embarrassing fashion.
The doctor smiled and pushed down the fluffy curls with a hand, placing a few little kisses there along the way, and nudged his detective with his leg.
“J-*hic*-
Meanwhile, back in Sussex, Siger Holmes had recently recovered from his fever caused from the cold conditions in the enchanted castle, and with his cleared mind, he was able to recall the events that led to his addled state.
Waving Mrs. Hudson’s hands away and stood up, her indifferent expression in place, “I’m perfectly fine now, Mrs. Hudson, as you can see. Just a spell, nothing more. What did you need to discuss?”
And as punishment,
While the princess was frantically pressing down her curls, Mrs. Hudson strolled in with her usual fervor, “Sherlock, we need to discuss- what are you doing in bed at this hour? Are you sick?” Mrs. Hudson hurried over to check on her ward while Sherlock took a deep breath to control herself.
Finally, after a long and thorough shower, Sherlock dried off and shivered slightly at the feeling of his bare skin hitting the cold air of the bathroom.
John did like men, he would date them, perhaps
The mood in the sunlight bedroom shifted to something sweeter, more delicate, and Sherlock looked away from John, the intensity of his gaze and his own nerves giving him pause.
John watched his lover squirm, trying to get comfortable to no avail, before sitting down himself. His eyes were sparkling like mad as he poured them both a glass of wine and lifted up his glass in a toast.
Sherlock hissed as said ginger root began to tingle and burn, and every smack from John’s hand causing his sensitive, stretched, and over-teased hole to clench in agony over the stinging plug.
John prepped himself for rejection, but Sherlock surprised him yet again, “I would love to. Dinner at seven?” He shuffled his feet, looking down, and the beast was amazed that this human, this beauty, was able too look past his fur and claws and see someone worth going to dinner with underneath.
“Not much,” Mrs. Hudson admitted, “but Sherlock has to leave to save his father, and potentially marry another, and John gave Sherlock his freedom to return home.”
” Sherlock was moaning his denials as the cruel man beneath him smirked and rolled his hips in a fashion that sent sparks up Sherlock’s spine, but refusing to allow him to move an inch, holding Sherlock’s hips in a vice grip and not allowing him pleasure himself on John’s cock.
“J-John, John, please,” Sherlock begged, clawing at his back.
Sherlock breathed out, his chest heaving as he built back to another release due to John wickedly talented mouth, his tongue swirling around Sherlock’s slit, gathering the precome that gathered there and swallowing it down as if it were the sweetest of ambrosia.
“John, someone could walk in, this isn’t decent-
The princess added sarcastically, “My bodyguard should know the worst about me.”
“Sherlock, the flowers are for you.”
Sherlock heard a soft whirring behind him, and took in a shaky breath, trying to see the words on the page through his lust-filled gaze.
goes unsaid but not unheard, and Molly clicks the door softly shut behind her.
John reached over to grab a condom, rolling it on his pulsing cock while Sherlock was distracted by his fingers and observing the adorable man with a look of awe.
Sherlock cried out once John’s hips were flush with his bum.
.” John whispered, trailed one hand down to stroke at Sherlock’s arse, spanking one cheek lightly while he nipped at Sherlock’s neck in warning, "these panties are very reveling, they're
“Well, dear, you could try to figure out some of his interests. He seems to be a bit of a bookworm; so introducing him to your library might be a strong step forward. Ask him to join you for meals, don't force the dear," she said, "also stop treating him like a prisoner, and treat him like a guest,” she suggested tentatively, not looking to invoke the ire of the beast, but wanting to build some form of bond between Sherlock and John as soon as possible.
Squinting his eyes in confusion at the odd object underneath the otherwise empty space, John forgot about his trousers and lifted up the box and flipped it open, despite his internal warning that it could contain any number of gruesome experiments inside.
When he stepped out, the candelabra, or Greg Lestrade as he had introduced himself, whistled.
Turning to debauchery and alcohol to soothe his every woe,
Then she turned and walked slowly to the door, feeling the heated grey eyes following her every move.
and came, coating Sherlock’s insides with his essence.
Raising a skeptical brow, Thrymn grunted, “Yes, Watson?”
The young man in question shuffled his bare feet lightly on the wooden floor, glancing down shyly and avoiding the Doctor’s gaze as he mumbled, “nothing’s the matter, sir.”
Captain John Watson and a mesmerized Sherlock. Blow Jobs. Comments/Kudos are appreciated!
And John, well, John almost came at
John surveys his detective for a moment before answering carefully, “because it is true, you’re the most beautiful person I’ve ever known,” John replied easily, taking a sip of wine to cover his delight at his new favorite expression donning Sherlock’s face- shy delight in the form of a soft blush on his cheekbones and the slight hitching of his breath.
John was annoyed, and opened his mouth in order to say so when Sherlock returned with the bags of food, but Sherlock had ordered all of John’s favorites and he was hungry, his stomach tightening at the thought of food.
are allowed to be human, flaws and all,” Sherlock said, standing from his chair and walking up to the beast and laying his hands over the paws, cradling them in his thin fingers and large palms.
John thought miserably, thinking of a way to make it up to Sherlock.
At the command, Sherlock got up, following John with a bemused but excited expression on his young face. The two men walked into the living room, where John had set up a dinner for the two of them; pasta al forno and salad from Angelo’s was laid out delicately, and the fire was roaring.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about Sherlock, do you Moran?”
“Ohhhhh-OHHH-“ Sherlock’s moans grew as his hands clenched the edge of his seat, throwing his head back and rocking against the constant vibrations coming from inside his arse.
"J-John, s-stop" Sherlock demanded as John quickly straddled his lap while still naked and reached to tickle viciously under his arms. Sherlock positively shrieked with laughter, half-heartedly smacking John away, but as the detective could easily flip John off of him and did not, they both knew he secretly enjoyed the affection. John laughed along, adoring the sight of his detective completely at ease in his arms and happy, tapering off the tickles when Sherlock's breathing began to accelerate once again. Once Sherlock's final giggles had faded, he moved to get out from under his lover, but John tightened his thighs and held Sherlock captive underneath him. Sherlock gave up and flopped back down on the pillows with a sigh.
He began fucking Sherlock with abandon in the living room, holding him up as Sherlock wrapped his long legs around John’s lower back and moaned, scrabbling to hold onto his shoulders and digging his fingers in and John lifted him up and down, using his body to achieve his own pleasure. Delirious with it.
. Who would never age, never grow.
When Mrs. Hudson found Lestrade, Molly and Rosie in the kitchen, she instructed Molly to hide Rosie in the cupboard, and then help her plan their attack.
As the years passed,
“Could I get your picture, I work for a small local LGBTQ+ blog and this breaking news would be great for our media presence.”
He lost sight of his once kindly nature,
“Shh, good boy, come back to me,” John called him back to reality, kissing lightly on his earlobe.
Coming up: John carrying Sherlock 2.0, Somonophilia and sounding.
Shaking off his thoughts momentarily, John poured the steeped Earl Grey into the two mugs, adding sugar
As John disappeared through the doorway, Sherlock leaned back and tried to regain her relaxed state.
Sherlock was…. He was
Sherlock continued to suckled at John’s cockhead lazily while the two men came down from their pleasure high. John removed his hand that was still resting on Sherlock’s curly head and helped the man to his feet.
Sherlock gasped at the cold feeling of wetness between his cheeks and forced himself to relax once more. He trusted John, John would never do anything to hurt him.
," John hummed, causing goosebumps to break out over Sherlock's chest and arms as the vibrations stole from his sensitive rim and through his body that was already covered in a sheen of sweat from their activities. John locked his lips around the sensitive rim that tasted like salt, ginger, and something distinctly Sherlock as his thick tongue began to wriggle inside of Sherlock, much to the younger man's outward delight.
Sherlock peered over the crime scene distractedly, willing the blush from his cheeks, before his mind began racing.
John undid Sherlock’s bindings and, with a sad sigh, pulled the soaked panties off of Sherlock’s body. He loved the thong, but he knew by experience how uncomfortable it would be to wake up with come soaked clothing clinging to you. He wiped them both off with a washcloth before settling into the sleep.
His mother and father looked at one another in disbelief before turning back to their dark-haired son: “No, darling” his mother responded with a little laugh, “for you must always have courage enough to be kind. Sometimes our greatest strength is our ability to feel empathy.”
“It’s alright, love, I believe you’ve been good. You’re just frustrated. We're going to take care of that, hmmm,” John cooed, leaning up to kiss Sherlock’s neck once, chastely, and feeling the rapid pulse beneath his lips.
John turned to the window, watching the snow fall and wishing, more than ever before, that he had never been turned into a beast.
"Watson.  Captain John Watson."
Within minutes Sherlock was dressed and shrugging his way into a battered khaki jacket which had seen better days, a woolly beanie hat pulled low over his forehead, fingerless gloves, torn jeans and dirty trainers completed his ensemble.  With the several days stubble adorning his face and slumping his shoulders to disguise his true height he set off in hot pursuit.
Sherlock had already deduced a small Remembrance cross sat snugly in the recesses of the pocket.  The padded envelope had arrived earlier the previous week but had been quickly whisked away from his prying eyes, not to mention prying fingers!
The Remembrance cross arrived, John's black woollen coat came back from the dry-cleaners, his shoes were shined and the white shirt ironed in preparation.
'Mycroft already knew most of the story, I just used him to try and find out what was going on.  I've told you all I know about him. Now, deduce him for me, please.'
He was currently engaged in giving his best black woollen coat a good brush before donning the garment and checking his appearance in the mirror.  As he straightened his hair and adjusted the way his coat sat, his hand brushed his left coat pocket.
'Sherlock!  Sherlock are you alright?'
'He smiled and nodded at me, then went back to looking after Sergeant Blakeson.  I stayed for a minute or so then he said quietly,
A young man, standing under one of the trees, dressed in desert camouflage uniform, gave Sherlock a cheery wave and a cheeky wink.  His face already imprinted into Sherlock's memory.
John was quiet for a few minutes, lost in his memories.
John stopped suddenly.  'So?'
As summer melted into a wet and windy autumn, he was no nearer to solving the riddle of Dean Hall.
'I first saw Corporal Hall a few days before I got shot. I'd come out of fifteen hours of surgery, done the paperwork then went to do a last round before hitting my bed.
Taking a deep breath, Sherlock said, very quickly, 'Will you tell me about Dean Hall, please!'
They walked together, but companionably silent for a time, down the road, merging with the others who were heading to the Gardens of Remembrance.
The voice laughed.
After a few moments of the torrid teasing, Sherlock’s cock exploded untouched, the man arching off the bed in beautiful abandon. John harshly tugged at the beads in a swift motion, watching them spill from the pink opening, angling them to slip past Sherlock’s sweet spot as they retreated from his spent arse.
She had her lab, and her garden for samples, and her microscope and library, but all of her studies and books added up to nothing if she couldn't travel to the places she read about, apply the science she had been researching.
“Honestly, Molly, who cares if I’m indecent?” Sherlock would say, rolling her eyes at Molly’s blushing second-hand embarrassment at Sherlock’s half nakedness in front of the palace guards who averted their eyes from their young, impulsive princess.
No, John decided, the worst part about living with Sherlock was the day he opened the fridge, saw a pair of human eyeballs sitting on top of his leftover Chinese container, and shrugged it off as ordinary. Sherlock had made 221B with its madhouse experiments and explosions and bison skulls normal for John.
Sherlock felt arousal pooling in his belly as John reached down, unbuttoning his trousers quickly and, with a small smirk to Sherlock, let them drop to the floor, kicking off his shoes and trousers.
The spank echoed through the room as Sherlock was rocked forward on John’s hard thigh, burying his head in the couch cushions as he felt his arse jiggle.
“It is my great honor to declare you married, under God and this great nation, you may kiss each other,” Lestrade declared, his voice booming with pride, and their few guests erupted with applause. John tilted his head up, moving his hand to stroke through Sherlock’s curls as he captured Sherlock’s pliant lips in his own, moving them gently against one another a handful of times before they pulled away, resting their foreheads against one another and smiling.
"Hello, love," she said kindly in a cooing voice one uses to placate children, her top bouncing as she hops closer to Sherlock, "I know you've had a fright at the hands of the master, but lets get a spot of tea and some biscuits in you so you feel good as new."
The stove and the teapot were pouring more boiling water on the already pained but still lucid and moving, gaggle of men beneath the banister, who were once again crying out in agony, many of them now unconscious.
But, why would he….
John only shook his head in delicious denial, still kissing lightly at Sherlock’s head, and his tongue moved in slow circles around the now leaking slit as if he was dying of thirst.
Mrs. Hudson waiting in silence, and so he went on: “The man told me to wake up, he seemed to know me” Sherlock whispered, blood flushing his cheeks in remembrance of the gently spoken
John cried gently, hiccuping slightly, as Sherlock continued to rock in and out of him steadily, slowly, reaching down a hand to grasp John’s leaking manhood lying against his abdomen, teasing at the sensitive head with his thumb and he stroked up and down. After a moment more, insurmountable bliss overcame the two men quite unexpectedly, their orgasms beginning in tandem as they breathed out their cries into each other’s mouths, the gentle waves causing their pleasure to extend out with John clenching around Sherlock tightly and Sherlock lightly stroking John’s cock.
“Sherlock, no. I forbid you from-“
Quivering with need, his ass clenching around his exploring finger, Sherlock slowly eased out his fingers and picked up the smallest dildo, a vibrator. Turning it on, he marveled at the racking pulsations in his hand from such a small, innocuous object.
“Mmhmm,” John groaned into his mouth, and Sherlock felt a stirring in his rapidly beating heart at giving John pleasure.
-" Sherlock gasped, arching into the warm, wet mouth that was now suckling the head of his cock. John looked up at him through his short, blonde lashes and allowed his saliva to drip down Sherlock's straining cock, giving it one more lazy suck before releasing it from his mouth with a pop.
“I adore you,” John said plainly, watching in satisfaction as a typical blush stained Sherlock’s cheeks as his small, pink tongue peeked out from behind his lips to begin licking the honey away, his eyes turning downwards in a bashful fashion but a small smile gracing his lips.
He pulled off with a pop, tucking John’s saliva covered cock back into his trousers, zipping him up and then glancing up through his eyelashes, still on his knees. Waiting for John’s next command.
“Good lad,” John praised, walking around Sherlock predatorily and pinching his arse teasingly, smirking at Sherlock’s small yelp of surprise.
“What’re you smiling about, love?” John asked with a yawn, his nose crinkling sweetly, and Sherlock watched him with a dazed look.
He trailed one hand from his mouth down to his chest, settling on a nipple and, feeling brave, beginning to tug lightly, wetting the nipple with the saliva from his mouth and wishing someone would suck on them, tug at them lightly with their teeth, soothing the ache with their tongue.
John did the same with Sherlock’s other nipple after a moment, his eyes crinkling delightedly at Sherlock’s sigh of contentment, leaning deeper into his armchair and sprawling there, nude and covered in his own release.
“We will solve this, of that I am sure.”
Besides, he thought with a grin, this was for Sherlock.
John bristled, watching Sherlock flirt with the distinguished lord, touching him unnecessarily. He clenched his fists and looked away, spotting a half empty wine glass and a wicked idea coming to the forefront of his mind.
to his subconscious thoughts once again.
Finding a rush of adrenaline in every battle won for his thriving kingdom,
As Moriarty swung his sword forward once more, the beast roared and knocked his paw forward, sending the sword flying through the air. It fell to the ground with a clang on the flattened rooftop below, forgotten.
John flipped Sherlock over, nudging him up the bed and leaning back to look at his naked back, his arse framed by green silk, hiding Sherlock’s pink rosebud from his gaze.
No, friend, even best friend, was not the appropriate title for Sherlock anymore. Best man at his wedding, and he stood and took a vow after playing a heart-wrenching ballad that had weighted John’s heart. A vow to John, and the people John had chosen to live his life with.
It was not lost on Sherlock that he was entering his prison cell willingly, but as he looked at the beast, Sherlock felt a sense of calm settle over his heart.
The beast only chuckled to himself, and tried to continue reading his medical text, but his thoughts, however, were focused on the night ahead.
Sherlock slowed his pace, walking with Philip through the wintery night to travel home. The journey would take close to a day walking, but Sherlock was content to take his time and try to regulate his breathing, his mind in chaos.
"Hmm... It has long been a philosophy of mine that the little things are infinitely more important," Sherlock said, sounding more like his majesty with his usual haughty tone.
Hearing John speak so openly and unselfconsciously about Sherlock’s desires for him caused a flare of heat to course down Sherlock’s spine. John reached over to flip the man back around to face him, lifting Sherlock’s chin up with one hand and clenching his hip with the other, staring deeply into his eyes.
John didn't care to hear Sherlock's excuses, his hope for winning over Sherlock and learning to love again were pointless. How could he ever learn to love such an insolent, nosy-
Sherlock was whining incoherently, writhing against the sheets, his right leg pressing John closer while at the same time trying to escape the delicious sensations wracking through his untried body.
“I have some shopping to do for a case, I shouldn’t be gone too long. Laters!” He called, slamming the sitting room door to 221B and bounding down the stairs like a child on Christmas morning.
Once they had turned the corner to an empty corridor, Sherlock began to wiggle in John’s arms: “let me down, you brute” she demanded, and John acquiesced.
Gasping slightly, Sherlock rested her back against the cool marble pillar; she’d just escaped from the mild-mannered, stuttering Duke who was promising crops for Sherlock’s hand in marriage. He had spent the waltz discussing the cleverness of crop rotation. As much as Sherlock loved dancing, she was beginning to find the task tedious with such horrid partners.
While Sherlock nuzzled into him, timidly placing a wet kiss against the side of John's neck, John looked out the window and suppressed a sigh, holding his infernal lover and contemplating his options.
, John thought,
"Daddy," Rosie called, chocolate spread across her face much to her delight as she pounded her small hands on the table, "don't take my cookies."
"John, no, tell him to leave off, you're busy,
John was working at a new surgery near Baker Street, with a flexible enough schedule to help Sherlock on cases. All in all, it was as if a time machine had taken them back six years to the domesticity and adrenaline pumping excitement at 221B. Yes, everything was back to normal.
Sherlock was standing in the great ballroom, pondering how beautiful it could be with a bit of a clean, when he saw a winding staircase leading to another side of the castle they hadn’t yet explored.
Sherlock stroked up and down John’s thighs, giving a small squeeze of encouragement, before gently grabbing John’s cock and swallowing it down, using the skills he had gained over their month together to drive John absolutely wild. Suck, lick at the head, trail kisses down the side, and listen for John’s moans.
Sherlock blushed and looked down, "would you believe me if I said nothing?" He asked, adopting his most innocent expression. John shook his head, biting back a smile and failing as he looked down at his naughty boy.
“Look up at me, there you are. Listen master," she said, always making 'master' sound like the motherly endearment 'sweetie,' to Johns utter consternation,"the best plan of action to begin wooing Sherlock is to be kind” she suggested, but John scoffed in refusal, turning his face away.
He was wearing a pink panties.
” The word had never sounded so exquisite before, but John felt feverish at the single word, his hands clenching and unclenching around his silverware, his eyes tight with concentration on willing away his pulsing erection.
“O-One, thank you John,” Sherlock gritted through his teeth, feeling completely humiliated, but John decided that he punishment was not enough without an added element of submission.
Sherlock, relieved, slipped into the covers and shivered at the slight chill. John chuckled and moved over, tugging Sherlock into the crook of her body and holding her around the waist. Sherlock sucked in a breath at the action, feeling John's body pressed completely against hers for the first time, before she relaxed.
"Shhh, I just need to take this out," John soothed, and reached forward to poke lightly at the ginger plug that was still sitting snuggly in Sherlock's prone arse. The younger man gasped as John rotated the plug teasingly, pushing it against Sherlock's prostate lightly before beginning to pull it out.
Looking away from Sherlock’s flaccid member to give him some privacy, John wiped the sensitive member with the cloth to clear away the sticky release, smiling at Sherlock’s grumble as he tried to twist away from the cold towel on his bits.
“I ordered this for you, I figured it would be a nice incentive to eat if you could have some fun with it,” John shrugged, lifting another forkful of food to Sherlock’s lips while changing the settings on the dildo, causing the vibrations to pulse in a rhythmic motion that mirrored Sherlock’s rapid heartbeat.
The moment was just too perfect, and John quickly pulled his phone out of his coat pocket to take a picture, ignoring Sherlock’s hissing at being captured in such a degrading manner.
Shaking her head, Molly knelt down to help Sherlock slip into her favorite black skirt.
. His overstimulation and lack of experience causing the virginal young man to positively lose control.
“Yes John,” Sherlock said in agreement, tugging on his lower lip in nervous expectation, causing it to redden. John watched in fascination before tearing his eyes away.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at John’s obliviousness, and screwing up his courage, began unbuttoning his shirt slowly.
Shrugging, he continued on forwards, ignoring the loud huffing from Philip and his slowed trot, indicating the creature’s nervousness. After an indiscernible amount of time, he pulled Philip to a stop outside a wall built in stone at the edge of the path, with iron gates reaching three times his height and curving ominously around the entrance to what appeared to be a run down castle.
It was like a wet dream.
“J-John I can’t-
John’s entire body suddenly tensed up as he realized what Sherlock was doing, but the younger man would not be dissuaded by his course of action, untucking John’s shirt and sliding it off of his golden skin, until his chest was bare. Leaning down and capturing a nipple in his mouth, Sherlock smiled around the tender pink flesh when he heard John’s light moan that he cut off, biting his lip when Sherlock glanced up.
It was a heady feeling, and despite himself he felt a lump forming in the back of his throat as he watched families, lovers and friends go by, all proudly proclaiming their pride in themselves and each other.
“I-do…. That is, do you like them?” Sherlock asked quietly after a few more moments of silence, and John had to clear his throat a few times before he could verbally respond.
After a while of this, their abilities to control their baser instincts faded away and the two men kissed, nipped, and tugged their way to completion in a messy and hurried pace.
With a grin crinkling his eyes, Sherlock drizzled the honey on his toast with a hum and began crunching away. John watched for a moment in tender amazement; his heart thumping rapidly in his chest as he watched Sherlock, with honey covered crumbs gathered around his lips, sitting there in domestic bliss with John.
Sherlock’s cheeks turned rosy, and he cursed his pale complexion as he turned to continue examining the body.
Sherlock huffed in annoyance, clutching his sheet tighter around his body but raking his virescent eyes down John’s naked form, standing in silence and staring at John.
Sherlock laid in confusion for a moment at the odd position, before understanding flooded his features and his heart dropped like a stone into his stomach.
“Really Sherlock?” John asked, and when Sherlock whipped his head around, John was holding his black box, looking at the contents inside with a smirk before looking back up and meeting Sherlock’s eyes, “under the bed? Can you be more of a teenage boy right now?”
"Everyone saw him raving about a beast a few weeks ago in the tavern, and he hasn't been seen since. Call him out as a lunatic, and the townspeople will support you," Moriarty assured, still flipping a cold coin around his fingers, "I guarantee it. I know this plan sounds a bit crazy, but I am a
that went unsaid.
John went in for the finale, clenching his fists to keep from touching himself at the arousing sight of Sherlock about to come into the air with no tactile stimulation and walking to the front of Sherlock’s chair.
Despite what everyone-including Mycroft-believed, Sherlock Holmes was not a frightened virgin.
"What you care about- money. I have it, you want it. It's yours" Moriarty held out a pouch of gold and the greedy asylum owner tried to snatch it away, but Moriarty moved the pouch at the last second, pulling out a single coin. He then began to play with it, twisting it around his fingers and watching the asylum owner's eyes follow the gold piece with a look of hunger.
, John raged to himself, pacing back and forth in his chambers after the boy ran away in terror,
Suddenly, the fear from his thoughts and dreams seemed so far away, so inadequate, when compared to John’s gentle kisses in the safety of their bedroom.
for me now,” he praised, wiping a few stray tears away, and Sherlock preened under John’s affection. John rolled his eyes and looked down, noticing Sherlock’s arousal, which had flagged somewhat from the punishment and his stinging bottom, was now back full force.
“He is trying to contact the town’s lawyers to work on my case defense, but he has been gone all night, so I am worried as to his whereabouts as well. Katherine is the only one of you that never runs off,” Siger said with a choked voice, and Sherlock reached forward to grasp his hand, squeezing it gently.
“They will, sir. This-“ she lifted the pair from Sherlock’s hand and lifted them up for him to see fully, “ is a thong.”
'It's a yes, Sherlock.'
'If you have no objections I should like to accompany you.'
The fact that he was wearing a black corset, and a pair of lacy black underwear that were digging into the crevice of his bum deliciously was just an added bonus.
“Why are you telling me this?” The princess asked none-to-gently.
Sherlock marveled at the feeling of complete closeness, skin to skin without clothes acting as barriers between them, and yet there was nothing sexual about that moment, and yet, somehow, it was the most vulnerable he had ever felt. Being touched without any intent, just because John wanted him close, proved to the last guarded part of Sherlock’s heart that this love was one meant to last, and his last wall fell away with a crumble, Sherlock’s lips beginning to tremble.
“Before you go, I want you to lean over the couch,” John remarked casually, standing up and stretching in a seemingly unconcerned manner, all the while watching Sherlock predatorily.
Sherlock couldn't wait to suck it.
“Hello mate, good to see you,” the candelabra spoke from his shelf on the staircase in a jovial tone, “but what are you doing here? The Master of this place will not be happy,” he finished more carefully.
At the phrase
John peered down at his phone, and the picture of Sherlock shining back at him. With a smile, he set it as his background and set his phone on the arm of his chair, watching Sherlock for another moment before standing up.
His arse was made for sin, and John was determined to see to it, reaching forward with twinkling eyes to grasp the soft mound of flesh between two rugged palms and kneading it gently, waking Sherlock up with his naughty massage.
Sherlock greedily lapped it up, swallowing it down as quickly as he could. John grasped onto Sherlock’s head like a lifeline, his head tilting back in a satisfied groan of release, his abdomen twitching with waves of release being sucked by Sherlock’s plump mouth.
“Yes, can you come in?” He asked tentatively, slightly embarrassed to be seen mainly undressed but comfortable with the saleswoman who had been so kind to him so far.
She snuck in the corner of the curtain swiftly, pulling it closed and reaching for the corset quickly, avoiding looking at Sherlock’s undressed body. She was a professional indeed, Sherlock noted as she began expertly untying the strings to the complicated garment and calling Sherlock over.
“So you will always have a way to look and… remember me,” John whispered.
“Mycroft, I won't be kept here as a prisoner in my own home,” Sherlock asserted, trying to keep her ragged temper under control, but she knew Mycroft observed the tremble of her swollen lip and the hitch of her breath.
“Or, does it turn you on? You’re being awfully loud,” John finished by closing her lips around Sherlock’s clit and sucking hard, hands stroking her hipbones, and Sherlock began to gush, moaning John’s name through her orgasm like a prayer with John happily licking and kissing Sherlock’s lower lips through the spasms, holding her hips down, pressing Sherlock to John's lips until the orgasm was fully over, placing on last peck on the shining dark curls.
Siger smiled at the thought of the joy on Sherlock’s face when he brought him the beautiful specimen, and drew a small knife from his boot to cut the stem from the rose bush. As he approached, he felt a shiver run up his spine and he looked up to view his surroundings once more. At seeing no one once again, Siger turned his attention back to the rose and with a swift cut, he held the newly cut rose in his hand.
John knew Sherlock must go, go to a place he could not follow. The townspeople would kill him if he went with Sherlock, and Sherlock did not belong in his world. A beauty such as Sherlock deserved to go out into the world and live out his dreams, to grow fully and not become stunted by imprisonment from the light.
And John simply watched, watched him come all over himself, unable and unwilling to control his body in this way, needing John's guidance and devious expertise to fully relax himself and let go. It was embarrassing, mortifying-
“Let me help,” John cried, leaning forward and patting him down, slipping his arm into the man’s jacket while he tried to push John away from his person. He snatched the phone and shoved it up his sleeve as Lord Grey sputtered out his anger.
don’t be shy love, your little honey pot tasted
She smiled softly, her teapot expression delicate, and she indicated that he should sit and tell her the issue. That was why John always appreciated Mrs. Hudson, she rarely treated him like a beast, rather, she treated him like the intemperate son she had never had. John's eyes stung for a moment before he pushed those thoughts away.
Now, after two months, 221B was restored to its former glory; the Bison skull was remounted, the smiley face on the far wall held its comforting bullet holes, and the flat appeared to be brand new. The two Baker Street residents sat in their armchairs, staring at one another while simultaneously thinking of an excuse, any excuse, to break the heavy silence.
John kept up his-
John winced.
, yes.”
With a sigh, she leaned her forehead against the windowpane and stared at the moon, wondering at its correlation to the stars and vast world beyond this one run by people intent on gaining power. That is, men running the world and insisting on power.
The pale haired man jumped up with a filthy grin and chaos in his eyes, lifting the empty bin to hurl it at Sherlock and John.
A roar ripped through the surroundings, so much fiercer than the chorus of growls from the wolves, and the creatures turned to discover the source of the terror inducing sound.
“If you’re going to make fun of me, then you can just
Comments/Kudos are appreciated. Any ideas can be messaged to my Tumblr (DPS)
“So, why is a doctor like you working in a GP position?” Michael asked, cocking his head to the side in confusion and reminding John of Sherlock’s mannerisms when he was stumped on a case…
“Let’s go have a look,” Sherlock said after a moment’s pause, but Molly and Lestrade shouted “
In desperation, he leaned down to steal a kiss, deepening it with his tongue the way John taught him and hoping it would be enough to push John into action, but the disciplined Captain held firm, pulling his mouth away with one more peck, and spanking Sherlock’s arse in warning once again, causing the slender boy to pant as he clenched around John rhythmically as John watched with a besotted expression. John filed the information of Sherlock's delightful reactions to spanking for use another day...
“J-John,” Sherlock panted, and he sounded completely wrecked. John tensed his body to control the shivers that went down his back at Sherlock whimpering his name like that is a different context.
Sherlock thought to himself, trying to calm his aching nerves. Undressing slowly, Sherlock laid back on top of his bedsheets, nude and already half-hard in anticipation of the pleasure to come, goosebumps covering his skin from the slight chill of the London air in his bedroom against his exposed alabaster skin.
“You’re my beauty,” John choked out, gliding in and out of Sherlock faster and deeper now, and Sherlock met John’s eyes, putting his hands on John’s shoulders to ride him faster, engulf him deeper, and nodded in response, “I’m yours, John.”
“Stand up, love, it’s time to go,” John instructed gently with a smile, and when Sherlock stood up, he straightened his tie and smoothed back his recalcitrant curls, pressing a kiss to the detective’s forehead, and two to his flushed cheeks.
John watched for a minute longer before putting down his mirror and beginning to pace agitatedly through his destroyed chambers. It wasn't his fault that the little welp had offered himself in place of his father, it was
Quickly Sherlock turned his face back to bury it in the pillow, most likely preparing to muffle his moans, John thought happily.
Sherlock, overwhelmed by John’s soft rocking, the two of them making love in the sun lit bedroom, felt a stinging in the back of his eyes that would not be denied.
John hummed after a moment, “oh, my
Sherlock, unfamiliar with uncertainty of any kind, was the first to break the silence between the two.
Sherlock chewed on his pink lips for a moment before blurting out, “I was embarrassed, John! Were going to have a romantic dinner, and you’re going to be dressed and I am going to be naked,
“John, as you know you are a remarkable asset for my Work, and I view you as a friend, one of my only friend’s, but I must remind you that I am a-“
He loved the way they rubbed just right against his sensitive pucker, causing it to throb slightly. Sherlock suddenly couldn’t wait for John to get home.
John snorted, nodding his head as he saw the ripped paintings, destroyed covers, sword marks on the bedpost and debris from the open door paired with the wind strewn across the floor.
Once again, I apologize for the wait [insert reasoning about work, daily life, and generic reasons here].But honestly, I'm glad to be back and I hope you all enjoy this chapter!
“Sherlock? What is in the box?” John asked, watching his flatmate’s face in confusion as it warred between excitement and- is that embarrassment?
“Ask for it, love,” John commanded, rolling his hips, and Sherlock’s head fell to the side, resting against his arm, which was trapped above his head as John took his pleasure from his body.
The beast concealed himself inside his castle,
Leaning down, John gave each cheek a wet kiss and then lifted up the nude detective, carrying him back to the bedroom and settling him down; marveling at the fact that sex seemed to allow to usually high energy detective to relax and sleep, if only for a little while. John felt himself growing a bit sleepy himself, and crawled into bed to hold Sherlock against his chest. Sherlock nuzzled into his warm body, already half asleep, and placed a wet kiss on his cheek before falling asleep once again.
“No, not John, who am I Sherlock?” John pronounced each word with another smack, feeling Sherlock begin to harden against his thigh despite the violent blush gracing his features, spreading to the nape of his neck where John could view it with a wicked grin. Sherlock loved this, but he hated it in equal measure, which made it all the more fun for John to see his usually assured lover so adorably conflicted.
John ignored the flutter in her chest at the feeling of Sherlock docile in her arms, even briefly. She was wading into dangerous territory, becoming familiar with the princess. John shook her head and raised her eyes to look at the princess.
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock began getting dressed, stealing out of the front door after grabbing his Belstaff and phone, reaching down to text John.
John took his hands, marveling at how right they felt, even resting on his paws, and Sherlock marveled at the soft fur tickling his fingertips.
In the corner, surrounded by his minions, sat Moriarty, holding court to determine whom he enjoyed the most and, more importantly, what they were plotting next.
But Mrs. Hudson had a surprise waiting for Sherlock, and so she had to break up the domestic moment.
No, Sherlock was doomed to a life of plastered smiles, and corsets, and men; when all she wanted was a quiet place to tend bees, and freedom and….
John slide a lubricated finger in him swiftly, and Sherlock gasped, unable to believe that each time John entered him was as wondrous as the first.
“You will join me for dinner. This is not a request” the beast demanded in his usual low tone, with a growl barely hidden underneath the tone, and Sherlock pulls himself up to his full height to reply.
Suddenly Sherlock was lying against John, with his arms strong arms surrounding him, and he was utterly aware of the world with his usual laser sharp focus.
“Breathe, and try to relax, it will make the sensations less painful,” John whispered into the sunny bedroom, and Sherlock nodded in agreement, taking a panting breathe and focusing on his muscles, loosening them one by one.
Another day, Sherlock reminded himself, we have all the time in the world.
“You don’t understand. We need help, Sherlock is lost in the woods with a maniac beast!” He gestured around wildly, trying to get their attention and prove to them the seriousness of the matter.
With that, John knelt down and started to kiss Sherlock’s chest, deliberately avoiding his nipples, which were fully hard and aching with blood. So much beauty.
“You’re bloody gorgeous,” John’s voice ground out, standing up and walking around Sherlock slowly, a predator prowling around his prey.
The stove, and enchanted object like so many of the castle’s past residents, carried the boiling water down the hallway to the balcony overlooking the foyer, while Mrs. Hudson gave battle instructions to the other objects in the castle.
Then John began to praise the younger man with higher frequency on cases and shortly thereafter, but the praise was all genuinely felt if more vocally voiced. John had dialed back on outward praise since the first case, as Sherlock did not need the ego boost and John became embarrassed when his admiration was too visible. That said, Sherlock truly was amazing, and John had to reprimand himself internally for constantly looking at Sherlock like he was the most stunning creature John had ever seen.
“John- oh, please, I’ll do anything!” Sherlock promised with a gasp, his cock aching from denied release, but John would have none of it, leaning forward to nip at Sherlock’s plump lower lip in warning.
,” Sherlock whimpered incoherently as John began to kiss and sick at his right nipple, his hand coming up to stroke the other, coated in saliva and positively throbbing from John’s attentions.
Then John thought of Sherlock, and what he was receptive too. Sherlock was receptive to him, so if John encouraged Sherlock to see the good in himself, he would be encouraged to do so. But how to get Sherlock in a position where he couldn’t deflect or refuse? Hmm….
John nodded back with a twinkle in her blue eyes: “Then follow my lead.” With that, John stepped forward and scooped Sherlock into her arms, ignoring the princess’ startled yelp, and began to walk towards the side entrance of the ballroom.
With a smile, John picked Sherlock's lazy body from the bath and laid him on the bathroom floor where he had laid out of a towel. Sherlock tensed for a moment from the cold, but relaxed once John began rubbing lotion over his skin, turning him over to coat his bruised, aching bum with the lotion that gave him relief from the aching.
against his naughty arse.
“J-John,
Sherlock gulped in fear at the idea, and ignored the arousal pooling in his belly. John smiled knowingly, as if he could sense Sherlock’s contradicting feelings of pleasure and embarrassment, and finally allowed him to collapse into John.
“Do you trust me?” He asked after a moment, and Sherlock nodded.
“Now lean over the table, I need to get you ready,” John whispered lowly, and Sherlock obeyed, stretching out across the unoccupied side of the table, closing his eyes and breathing deeply.
When John had suggested going to pride, Sherlock was floored. A few months ago, Sherlock never thought John would be willing to date a man, and now he wanted to go to pride, despite being B-list celebrities who were bound to be seen and outed, in order to show Sherlock off to the world as his partner in every way.
John took a piece of ice into his mouth, and with a glint in his blue eyes, leaned down and held Sherlock’s cheeks open, blowing a chilled breath directly onto Sherlock’s hole, watching as the mixture of the ice and the heat from his mouth created steam against Sherlock’s sensitive opening.
“Let them in,” John whispered, clutching his cape tighter around himself.
She tied the silk strings in a bow and let them dangle down Sherlock’s underwear clad arse, stepping back and letting Sherlock look at himself.
The beast felt his lips tilt up in a grin, but grunted in an annoyed manner in response to Sherlock.
John continued, wanting to be perfectly clear to the ridiculous detective that he loved, “Sherlock, I know I have only dated women in the past, but I have noticed men. I was in the army for Christ sakes” John explained with a chuckle, and Sherlock joined along, “but there was always something so striking about you. Your tall, lean figure, your piercing blue-gray eyes, your silky, enrapturing voice and your adorable curls on top of it all.” Sherlock spluttered at being called adorable, as if it was a capital offense, but John merely laughed, “you are, sweetheart, you’re so beautiful to me.”
But all the while John sat there, between Sherlock's legs, watching with a mischievous expression as Sherlock’s body warred between sensations of arousal and discomfort.
Mrs. Hudson’s voice broke through the fog surrounding Sherlock and she sat up, panting slightly and her hair spread wildly around her flushed face, shoving her skirt down in the process.
are.”
he watched his lover selfishly take his pleasure for once. He was always lavishing attention on Sherlock, and now the younger man wanted to return the favor.
John provides some fluffy aftercare. Blowjobs.
John could take it no longer, grabbing Sherlock’s hand and pulling him swiftly to the bedroom, pushing him gently back onto the bed with a growl.
“Uh, I, that is,” Sherlock stammered while John straightened up to look at her, and despite their height difference, Sherlock felt as if John’s presence cowed her, “that’s very kind of you to say, Captain Watson.”
“John, but I didn’t do anything wrong,” Sherlock pouted, not fighting to leave John’s grip (which was telling in and of itself), but John ignored him, grabbing the back of the sheet and ripping it away from Sherlock’s body.
(See the end of the chapter for
The beast watched him grieve, his face expressionless except for the flicker of unease that passed over it for an instant.
Sherlock ignored the shivers brought on by John’s easy handling of her. The female guard was so strong, she carried Sherlock as if she was no heavier than a kitten.
“Color, darling,” John called out in an authoritative voice, and Sherlock croaked out, “g-green,” his shivering body beginning to settle down as the last vestiges of the ice cube faded into nothing but the memory of internal sensation.
“And I’ve never enjoyed wrecking someone the way I enjoy it with you, tanning your bum over my lap, teasing you for my own amusement,” John licked up his earlobe, feeling his trembling body.
With that, John’s right hand reached down and began tickling up and down Sherlock’s crevice; the sensitive skin there causing Sherlock to giggle.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Papa! Papa wait, please!” Sherlock begged, but the chair was already moving down the stairs, away from Sherlock, his father’s protests muffled by the chair's arm covering his mouth.
"The little things, huh?" John remarked with a huff, reaching over to the side table and quickly wiping them both off, tickling Sherlock a bit more in the process and was utterly enchanted by Sherlock's high pitched and unburdened laughter.
John came in the next instant, picturing Sherlock’s beautiful face and wild curls in the throws of passion. John's cock continued to pulse as he came down from his orgasmic high, smiling slightly at the thought of Sherlock's body and beautiful mind in his bed, and trying to catch his breath.
“Is that so?” John challenged, his eyebrow shooting up into his silver-blonde hair as he passed another glance down at the young man sitting on the bed, his manner unsure and nervous as a child, his legs and arms bare, his dignity barely covered.
.” He spat out the word as if it had personally offended him, memories of arguments with Mycroft popping into his mind: “Stop being so sensitive Sherlock, honestly, you’re such a sniveling child. Mummy’s baby” he would sneer, and Sherlock would flush and deny it, marching away to lick his wounds privately.
“flowers why?”
John came home from the surgery one afternoon, massaging her aching shoulder with one hand and holding her briefcase and in the other, along with a bouquet of flowers.
Sherlock shivered at his near nakedness, and felt himself begin to harden once again, despite having released only minutes before.
John repeated the process over and over, at one point five ice cubes being pushed into the entrance simultaneously. At that point, Sherlock was utterly senseless, begging and pleading for John to
“Who is my brilliant detective?” John cooed, and Sherlock realized what John was doing through his hazy fog of arousal. He tried to fight John off half-heartedly, but John merely smirked, stretching his body out so his abdomen was lying directly on top of Sherlock’s trapped cock. Holding Sherlock down with his strength while putting pressure on his leaking member.
Without warning, John knelt forward and grabbed Sherlock’s manhood, swallowing the head down. Sherlock’s eyes flew open, his hips attempting to thrust up into the inviting warmth around his sensitive member.
With that, Sherlock rode off, racing as quickly as he possibly could to help John.
Sherlock had not seen the beast since that night. He had been grateful for the beast’s intervention, his heroism. As much as Sherlock liked to claim he was clever, he recognized that he would not have survived that encounter despite his intellectual abilities.
“You do look lovely tonight, Sherlock,” the beast said sincerely after a moment, and Sherlock’s cheeks bloomed high with color, the beast watching hungrily as the blush dipped beneath Sherlock’s collar and cleared his throat in response to his inappropriate thoughts.
“They wear them to
Next time: Sherlock goes shopping for a new article of clothing, and John almost comes in his pants :)
Sherlock, grasping a makeshift weapon of a fallen tree branch on the forest floor, was moving to protect the horse, suddenly realized the extent of the dire situation. Well, he was their prey.
“Yes, well, I’m glad you enjoyed yourself at my expense,” Sherlock intoned haughtily, sniffing slightly and trying to hold back a smile. John just giggled again, and before the two men knew it, they were at Baker Street.
The bed itself was stripped down to only a clean white fitted sheet and some matching pillows, and in the center of the room a tray held a series of medical instruments and decidedly
It’s like an ache that hasn’t gone away, despite the two years they’ve lived in platonic contentment.
Up, up, up the plug went until it finished with a
” in unison, standing in front of the staircase as if to block it from Sherlock’s six-foot frame. Sherlock arched a graceful eyebrow at them, glancing back up the winding steps with even more interest than before.
“Tonight,” Sherlock promised.
“It’s never quiet with you around, I grant you,” the beast replied; to which Sherlock graced him with a playful glare that caused his heart to quicken its pace.
In a final act of desperation, with tears of overstimulation glistening in his eyes, Sherlock pleaded, “please,
“You’ll get used to the sensation,” she explained conversationally, as if she helped men into corsets on a daily basis. Perhaps she did.
“What is it love?” He responded innocently, leaning down to lave over his collarbones, holding Sherlock close as he tried to twist away from the roaming finger against his most secret place which was pushing gently past his muscle now, the thin riding pants doing nothing to deter John’s lust for Sherlock.
,” Sherlock cried as he tried to lower his hips to the bed to receive some friction against his aching member, but John held his hips fast, keeping his arse in the air for John’s gaze and his own private pleasure, leaning back quickly to tear the green panties from his body, mourning their loss for a moment before focusing on his young lover's body once more.
Shivering from the implications of the struggle, Sherlock pushed the castle door open further, viewing the inside of the castle for the first time. The open entrance way was huge and empty of everything but some stray pieces of furniture, overturned. The marble floors and dim chandeliers covered in dust and cobwebs, indicating a lack of use for many years. There was a grand staircase directly in front of him, and a few passages leading off to other places in the castle.
- carried away by their love, and due to that, a few ground rules had been established by Mrs. Hudson and the others where physical affection in public was concerned.
Whipping his head around, Sherlock peered to the forest path in his wake, seeing nothing in the darkness but wishing that he had a light for his own comfort.
for anything to fill up your ravenous hole, even a bit of plastic can drive you mad,” John chuckled darkly as Sherlock whined, his cheeks pinking further from arousal and embarrassment.
In honor of Beauty and the Beast coming out today, I wanted to add one more small addition to this story. This was my first long Sherlock fanfiction, and I am so happy so many people have enjoyed it.
In seemingly a blink of an eye, the statue’s subject was standing (imperiously) before her, having silenced a room of men with only the hardness of her gaze and the click of her heels. John knew something about commanding a group of men, and her respect for the young woman rose.
Sherlock flinched away from the look, remembering John’s assertion that he often acted cruelly, like a machine, and he backed up slowly as his mind raced.
by Philip Smith. Sherlock gasped as he read the cover, unable to believe his father had found it when Sherlock himself had been searching for over three years for an edition.
“G-Good boy, love,
“Nonsense,” John argued, “this method is the most effective as it allows the instrument to measure the core temperature. You will have to hold very still, but you’re a big lad, and I am sure you can handle it.”
sorry,” Sherlock apologized frantically, turning around to face John with his embarrassment deepening, making him look absolutely disheveled in the wake of his release, with pink cheeks and cum soaked panties, “I didn’t mean to-“
“Delicious,” John growled, stalking over to lick over Sherlock cum stained abdomen, hearing Sherlock’s sharp inhale at his actions, his abdomen quivering at the ticklish action. John merely peered up at Sherlock through his lashes while he licked his lips, and then spun around and turned to leave the bedroom.
," cautioning against disobedience with the low tone, but Sherlock shook his head wildly, his curls fluttering in the candlelight.
His black curls, freshly washed and brushed, hung around his forehead in ringlets, and his smooth cheeks appeared flushed from the creams he had put on after the bath.
“This-this is the most
John continued his assault through Sherlock’s orgasm, ignoring his cries to stop as he continued to ruthlessly plunder his hole with sloppy kisses, suckling on the rim and kneading his goosebump-covered thighs.
Sherlock turned around and, after browsing for a moment, pulled out a copy of
Michael seemed curious about Sherlock, and John indulged him, “Sherlock and I have been living together for two years, he is absolutely brilliant, I’ve never met a man quite like him before. His ability to look at you, and see you, pull out the deepest parts of you, is truly amazing.” John’s mind flashed with images of Sherlock- the two of them laughing on the steps of 221B, chasing down the latest criminal, sitting in their armchairs, John watching Sherlock play the violin…
“One day,” he muttered, walking out the door as Siger dropped his head in his hands, looking completely lost while Mycroft stood on, looking murderous but lost as well.
!” Sherlock pants as John holds his hips firmly in his grasp, lining up their erect members and rutting against each other in the 221B stairwell like teenage boys afraid to get caught out by their parents. Speaking of-
Sherlock shook his head, "I do not need anything Papa, the book you brought me is fascinating and more than enough."
He latched his lips around the pink hole, suckling gently and tonguing just inside, holding Sherlock by his hips so he couldn’t escape. The pink entrance was clenching around his tongue, but was opening easily, and John smiled against Sherlock’s alluring pucker.
"What do you plan to offer me, then?" The asylum owner leered, looking at Moriarty with a lecherous grin while taking a swig of his brandy. Moriarty returned a sharp smile.
And, just like John was wont to do with all his dates, at the doorstep of 221B he lent up and kissed the surprised detective sweetly on his plush mouth, reveling in the sensations once Sherlock began kissing back equally as lightly, the two of them feeling adrenaline rushing through them that normally only came after the conclusion of a particularly difficult case. And while the kisses were innocent and mainly chaste, the rush of blood beneath their lips expressed the passion hiding beneath their actions. 'This' John thought to himself as he ran his arm down Sherlock's own to tangle their fingers together once more, 'this was worth the risk.'
She glanced at the door.
Sherlock felt John spill against his cheeks with a grunt, a dollop landing on his arsehole and causing a quivering sensation to course through his spine.
And to think, he was technically still a virgin.
Sherlock felt a lump forming steadily in his throat at the distressing thought, and although he tried to stem his anxiousness, his fear continued to rise as his mind raced through the possibilities.
Hello Dear Readers,
John held onto Sherlock tightly, cherishing the sensations of holding the vulnerable yet unbelievably strong beauty in his arms. He never wanted to let him go.
One by one the buttons were separated, exposing more and more of Sherlock pale, hairless chest, and John sucked in a quick breath when a hardened pink nipple was uncovered as his shirt fell to his sides.
“Yes, I know that, but we need to clean it so it doesn’t become infected. Stop licking it, you have no idea the sort of bacterial infections that run rampant at this side of the world,” Sherlock enunciated clearly, grabbing his arm back and continuing to clean, more gently, at the wound while John stared at him with a bemused expression on his beastly face.
With that, and feeling a bit bold, John lifted Sherlock’s hand to his mouth for a tickling kiss, as he had been taught when he was a prince, and Sherlock watched with a facial expression of alarm, as if recalling a bad dream.
And John Watson may be a stoic British man, but he is not a coward. And he wasn’t nicknamed Three-Continent’s Watson for nothing.
Sherlock's entire frame shuddered from where it lay sprawled on the couch, and he lowered his eyelashes to avoid John's penetrating gaze. With a shy nod, Sherlock stood up and began to walk to their bedroom.
John watched in confusion as Sherlock leaned down to put something
As Philip raced back towards the forest, he prayed that his father would be safe wherever he was.
His battalion, a brave group of men who fought together in the day and drank together at night. John had lost many of those men, and realized that his deep bonds to them all caused him to be too emotional, too weakened, so he hardened himself. No more conversations about home, their wives, their children or their lovers. No more deep bonds that flow between soldiers who risk their lives and hide little because of it. John became their commanding officer and prince, and nothing more. It was better that way.
With a grumble, Sherlock grabbed his laptop and sat on his bed, opening a new document and beginning to write:
Sherlock stood up, walking rapidly towards John and circling him in a predatory manner, observing him from all angles. John stood in military rest, confused at Sherlock’s attentiveness but refusing to back down from his youthful flatmate’s examination.
If John would only dip his fingers
John was intoxicated by Sherlock, and he wanted to utterly ravish him until he could no longer form the letters to his own name.
It had been two glorious, heated weeks since their first night, and everything was finally settled. Molly was tutoring Rosie once again; Lestrade was Captain of the guards, protecting the palace walls. John was reintroduced to royal court in London, and was now involved in trade deals for the kingdom involving his lands that stretch over 500 acres. Mrs. Hudson was back to managing the house and the staff, and Sherlock’s brother Mycroft was in charge of royal legal documents, living now within the castle’s walls with Sherlock’s papa, much to Sherlock’s endless amusement and happiness.
“Everything I have to say has already crossed your mind.”
“Sherlock? Oh,
Suddenly overwhelmed, Sherlock felt a stinging in the back of his eyes, “It’s just, I used to be made fun of for my appearance. My mama said it was because other’s were jealous, but I never realized until just now that maybe she was right.”
“If you’re good tonight, Sherlock, and follow my every order, I will make it worth it. I will
But Sherlock, impatient and impetuous as always, refused to wait any longer, whining in bed the night before that John still wouldn’t take him; so John rolled over and sucked him off, harshly and quickly, sending the moody detective into a pleasurable sleep. John had simply smiled, thanking whatever deity was listening that Sherlock Holmes had an off button.
“Sherlock, a package is here for you,” John called from the living room a few days later, having just come home from his day at the surgery. Sherlock threw open his bedroom door with a slam and raced forward, grabbing the box in John’s hands and tripping slightly in his rush, his cheeks rosy as he looked at the box John had been holding, knowing their contents and feeling quite excited.
Sherlock cocked his head in confusion, “a thong? What is that?”
Sherlock picked up his clothes and walked quickly behind the privacy screen, ignoring John’s chuckles, and changed into his clothes.
“No Sherlock, go travel. Go back to Sussex to your bees, your family. Live your life, promise me,” John turned to fully face the young man that, within the course of almost two months, had become the center of his universe. The first person he thought of each morning, the person reoccurring nightly in his pleasant dreams that were once filled with war and pain.
“Stand up,” John commanded, and Sherlock did, tilting slightly at the vertigo but righting himself after a moment.
The sight of Sherlock, his gorgeous detective, actually taking his finger in and out of his virginal body, well, John nearly shot off at the warring sensations.
Sherlock woke from his memories in his mind palace, his arousal dripping between his legs and hearing John's voice calling to him.
A warm hand was trailing down Sherlock’s side, which he ignored in favor of giving back what he received, a nibble here, a lick there, a chaste peck and then a deeper, delving kiss.
“Where did you go shopping anyways?” John asked, his mouth swallowing down the last green curry and wiping his mouth, offering satisfied hum at the good food before turning his full attention to Sherlock.
,” Sherlock huffed out, glancing down to gaze at his erect cock that would be clearly visible if he remained aroused through the day. Which he would, undoubtedly.
Growling at the thought of being denied sight of his lover, he tilted his hips up, ignoring his gasp of, “
He broke off, ignoring Sherlock’s pout, and stared at his untamed locks framing his face, his bright red lips shining from John’s attentions.
“No, I don’t think I will. You’re mine now,” Moriarty giggled, his laugh sounding too high and loud in the darkened room, and the beast cocked his head in confusion at the mentally unstable man.
John shook her head in fond exasperation, her dark golden hair falling around her neck in a way that made her look even more beautiful, “because, Sherlock, I’m home with you. You’re my home.” She finished, looking shyly up at Sherlock through her short eyelashes and stepping closer to the woman in question who was standing completely still.
Sherlock, learning John’s preferred techniques, began to tilt his head down further, allowing John more access, lightly bumping their noses together.
Sherlock in that moment.
“I stand out too much,” Sherlock whimpered, a few more tears streaking down his flushed face. “They call me a f-freak” he muttered, turning away, ashamed.
“J-John” Sherlock stuttered, “you know that romantic entanglement-”
Sherlock exhaled and focused on releasing the muscles in his torso, breathing in John’s scent, the lingering aroma of sex surrounding his body from their actions last night.
“I’m finished; now please get back to work and stop annoying me with your ceaseless prattle,” Sherlock remarked, somewhat breathlessly, and John merely nodded and slipped from the steamed room without meeting Sherlock’s eyes.
“You’ve saved me too John, I owe you so much,” Sherlock promised, feeling somehow more exposed and glad for it, leaning forward to suck on a sensitive spot on John’s neck, just below his ear, and heard a choked off groan.
So he stayed silent, and walked away.
John was having an admittedly horrible day. A two year old had been sick on him in the morning, and he had been sneezed on twice as the flu season worked its way through the population of London. As the clock ticked slowly towards the end of the workday, John sighed and put his head in his hands.
"Here, Sherlock, put you hand there and- no, don't put too much pressure all at once- let it build" John instructed as he grasped Sherlock's weeping erection and instructed Sherlock to do the same for him, both of them gently rubbing against each other's abdomen's in a natural movement.
“Yes.”
John jumped on top of Sherlock, tickling his sides, a startled laugh bubbling up and out of Sherlock’s lips. As much as Sherlock tried to escape the tickling, John had him pinned down, running his hands over Sherlock’s body and causing sweet sounds of joy to fall from his lips. Mrs. Hudson watched on, tears glistening in her eyes as she observed two boys, so happy after so much sadness and loss.
," Sherlock fell back, his eyelids fluttering shut as he was caught by John holding his hips as John began to kiss and lick at the pink and clenching hole, cradling his face between Sherlock's plump arse cheeks as he soothed away the last remaining stinging from the ginger.
Sherlock giggled at John outfit: “really John? A pink hat?”
Sherlock gulped and took a sip of wine.
, I love them. I love you."
“So…. It’s true? I mean, you do love me?” Sherlock asked hesitantly, and John found himself mentally raging against people like Donovan and Anderson who made Sherlock feel like an unlovable freak.
John opened the door, still wiping his hands with a washcloth and staring confusedly at the detective, “where are we going?”
She couldn’t be any older than nineteen in the depiction, and without realizing, John stepped closer to examine the curious features of the girl.
'It will make a change from you following me,' John replied, giving his coat sleeves a final pull into position.
Sherlock removed his hand from John's and took his phone from his pocket.
'I don't believe in the supernatural.'
'You know what happened next.'
'He was a comrade?  Nothing more?'
'Not a chance.  The liaison officer with no name and, apparently, no rank, was quite emphatic about that.  He also told me, quite categorically, that if I told anyone about Corporal Hall, he would deny the conversation ever took place.'
As usual John hadn't watched any of the Remembrance Day programmes on television.  Neither had he participated in, nor watched, laying of wreaths at any cenotaph.  But here he was in his best blazer, shoes polished to a mirror shine, fresh white shirt, tie and razor sharp crease in his trousers.
'Don't bother.  Mycroft has already checked the records for me.  Even top secret records.  He did die on the date in his file, his body was repatriated and he was buried next to his mother and his Great Aunt Sarah.  And he is still being seen, every now and then, nursing the tough cases in war zones.'
'Fifteen other people?'
'You know, instead of all these years of cloak and dagger stuff, you could have just tried the normal approach, if you're so interested,' John stated in a reasonable tone of voice, looking around at the milling people.
John crossed the strip of grass back to him and smiled.
'I have no idea.  You asked me if I'd found anything out about Dean Hall, not if I knew why you thought you'd spoken to him after he'd been buried for three years.'
'I saw him the next night in pre-op.  His triage skills were amazing; he could work out those who could be saved quicker than I could, then he stayed nursing the ones left and quite often, he'd appear later on in post-op.  He seemed to work around the clock.'
