Steve lives in the heart of it.
Pepper tucks a hair behind his ear and smiles. “Fixing the timelines or something. He’ll be back in a minute.” It takes Morgan and actual cheeseburgers to calm his anxieties and stop asking.
“I’ll take my chances,” Steve said smiling.
“That’s what you said last time,” Tony said never stopping his run.
“No of course not that’s-”
His thoughts stayed with him until they had entered the entrance of the building. Their codes were still the same and the others were extremely grateful for this.
He knew this was Ryder and he wasn’t leaving without hearing a confession…and if Steve had his way he wouldn’t be leaving here alive in any case. He’d be lucky if he got sent to the Raft and even then Steve had plans implemented to go into action should Ryder be sent to the Raft.
“And the sapphire?”
For a moment Steve thanked whoever and whatever allowed Tony to have this expression on his face. Steve had since placed the box back into his jacket pocket and hoped that Tony wouldn’t be able to see its imprint. He had originally wanted to give Tony this present during the morning, when everyone went to the main floor to exchange gifts. However, he had backed out of it at the last minute and instead chosen to give Tony a sweater.
“But I…I told them it was okay. They didn’t have to be scared because I wasn’t. We didn’t have to be scared and if so we had each other,” Peter said, voice catching in his throat.
Steve laughed and picked off a piece and gave the rest to Tony. Tony grinned and followed Steve throughout the rest of the carnival. Eventually they found themselves at a rollercoaster. Tony finished off the last bit of his lemonade and threw it into the trashcan alongside with the rest of his funnel cake.
Ryder let go of Winston and wiped his mouth. Winston turned back to face Tony and grinned broadly.
Bucky tilted his head to the side in confusion. “How is it that I was brainwashed for years and I still know the rules of the kitchen. Steve!”
“Hey, no. You can’t go there right now. Steve,” Bucky said sharply pressing his metal hand into the lower back of Steve. “Not now.”
“So, Isak. How are you doing today?”
Unlike Harley’s high school, Miles’ elementary school had a little more security detail in the sense that most of the kids there were very high profile students with even higher profile guardians. So instead of pulling out into the back of the school as permitted, Steve pulled in to his designated parking spot and pulled out the purple laminated sheet of paper that was in his glove compartment.
She laughed dryly. “You don’t have to lie to me.”
A huff of laughter.
“Tony,” Pepper breathed out. “Of course. We’re family and we love you. In any way you need us, we’ll be there.”
“Merchant,” Tony finished, knowing the word that he had given Steve as a sign of showing he was getting uncomfortable in the interrogation room.
“Lies,” Tony said. “I don’t know how I feel about you talking badly against my first love.”
Once Tony was gone, the two stared at each other in silence neither wanting to give the other their attention. However, the tension created enough conversation for them. Ryder turned his eyes downward to Steve who was still sitting down.
Steve didn’t get the chance to hear Tony’s muffled response as Cali took the phone from him. “Thank you Steve. I’m trying my best to keep him focused, but with everything they’re giving him I can’t really keep him coherent.”
“Do you trust me,” Steve said leaning closer to move his hands from Tony’s waist to place his hands to frame Tony’s face. He said softly again, the whisper this time only falling unto Tony’s ears. “Do you trust me?”
It was white.
Tony stopped looking back and gathered it in himself to say, “Goodbye Ryder.”
Miles pouted. “Don’t look okay.”
“Okay, that wasn’t my greatest moment,” Clint admitted.
It wasn’t until later that night with Ryder buried so deep inside of him and hands tight around his throat where Tony could hardly breathe, that Tony agreed to stop seeing Dr. Sana for a little trial run. Ryder had then lifted himself off of Tony so satisfied and pressed a lingering kiss to his cheek.
They finally found Miriam eight days after Tony was taken. It had been hard getting a location on her, seeing as though she hadn’t worked at the hospital in a few days. Steve had implored that the hospital staff tell him whenever Miriam was set to have a shift and he also placed a few S.H.I.E.L.D. agents on standby just in case she chose to arrive earlier.
“To the end of the line,” Bucky repeated. “Now how about you stop punching inanimate objects and start hitting something that can move.”
Tony’s eyes widened and his mouth grew dry. Steve can’t love him. That’s…that’s a huge problem. Is this a joke?
Tony had waited for him.
“Oh thank…” Steve muttered. “He’s fine.”
“And you want me so desperately to love you,” Ryder whispered against Tony’s mouth.
“No, it’s just me being me. You know? I’m not Tony Stark if I don’t have my daily dose of a panic attack,” he tried joking, but it fell flat.
“Steve has informed you of his plans of courting you sir,” FRIDAY explained.
“To the end of the line,” Steve said.
He hadn’t talked to Ryder, since then. He didn’t even talk to him, when he found out that Ryder was the reason that he had been denied admission into all of the universities he applied to, resulting in him having to go to community college.
“Yeah, she told me a few weeks ago. Apparently, she wants to join the Peace Corps.”
The man stopped short, his eyes landing on the visitor.
“Webbing it up?” Peter whispered confused.
“But it all ended amazing,” Tony inserted, remembering the face on Rhodey’s face when he had tossed his twentieth lollipop to the side victoriously and said him and Tony were about to make a huge scientific breakthrough.
“Rock, paper, scissors. Best three out of five,” Bucky said.
They all looked as though they were about to say something, but Ryder chose that moment of silence to speak up.
“No, she’s a great friend and really smart, but I’m not interested in her like that. Besides she’s not interested in me like that.” Peter shrugged helplessly hoping that Tony would change the topic like he did just a few seconds ago.
Tony pushed back at Steve’s chest. Steve allowed some space between the two. Tony looked back at Steve.
Miles’ concerned voice traveled to both of their ears. Miles walked into Karen’s office and toward the two crying adults. Tony imagined Miles had decided he waited long enough.
Steve and Tony watched as they ran off. Tony looked down at his empty hands.
“I’m here. I’ll always be here, no matter what. I love you,” he said, finally allowing himself to say what he’s been wanting to say. This time Tony didn’t flinch, but only tried pressing himself further against Steve’s chest.
Bucky ruffled Harley’s then Miles’ hair. “Sure kiddos. Now let’s get out of Steve’s way.”
“Sweetheart he does love me. He just sometimes has a different way of showing it. Just because I cry doesn’t mean I’m hurting,” Tony lied.
Coulson’s mouth was tense and he kept looking at Tony then back to the floor again. He hadn’t knowm it was that bad. He’d have to retract a lot of what was said from the official document, when it was handed over to the people at the Raft. They didn’t need to know what happened.
Clint shifted in his seat and brought a hand to scratch his neck. “Yeah, we talked. The first time I called her, she cursed me out then hung up. The second time she told me how she never thought I would turn out to be a deadbeat dad like my old man, but here she was proven wrong.”
Miles looked at Steve with wet wide eyes. He raised his thumb toward Steve. Steve leant down and inspected the thumb, which had a pretty considerable scratch on it. Harley set Miles down on the counter and grabbed a wet paper towel and wiped his thumb.
“I do,” Bekah answered. “But that means I have a huge favor to ask you.”
Tony looked surprised. “Wow thank you. I…I know this is a weird request seeing as though we could barely look at each other a few weeks ago. So thanks.”
Steve had said it with such certainty that Tony’s heart stuttered for a quick second. He looked into those blue eyes, searching for a bit of hesitance. He almost wanted to ask the question again, but he was fearful that the response would be taken back.
*Translation/Italian: Benedici il CMPNY: Bless the CMPNY
“This is not up for discussion. Midtown High does not condone this behavior and to be frank I am letting you off easy with no suspension,” Principal Davis admitted.
“Mr. Stark I appreciate all of this, but the movie starts in two hours and with the traffic and the distance I really need to go.”
“What?”
“Yes,” Pepper said tugging him forward. “If you’re a good boy, I’ll take you to that bakery and get you some treats for you, Steve, and the kids.”
He barely had the chance to place the other monitor on his shelf before Ryder pushed him onto the bed. Ryder began unbuckling his belt and pushing his jeans to the floor. Tony placed himself on his elbows and looked at Ryder.
Bucky and Natasha knew what was about to go down and were ready to come in with the assist.
Marley smiled and nodded. “But of course dear Ms. Karen. But of course. Now building one was indeed colorful. The use of colors was how do you say…vibrant. So vibrant so that it nearly blinded my eyes.”
“Do you even love him?” Natasha questioned ripping apart the note.
“You can share it with me,” Miles said.
The woman waved her hand and apologized. “Sorry, I just naturally assume everyone speaks Norwegian. We haven’t had an American visitor in sometime. Are you here trying to sell something? If so, my husband and I would love to help, but we just do not have the money to do so right now.”
Isa turned fiery eyes toward the other individuals, but said nothing to them. Instead she choose to look at Tony and address him.
Tony moved to walk away, but Ryder reached out and grabbed his arm. His fingers tightly curled around Tony’s bicep and he squeezed it pulling Tony toward him. From an outside perspective it would look like Ryder and Tony were just engaged in a comfortable embrace. Tony muffled a noise of surprise at the abrupt movement.
Steve did as was suggested then turned toward Fury. “I suppose this is something important.”
Isak hummed lowly in the back of his throat. He looked down briefly, before turning his direct attention back to Steve. He licked the corners of his lips and brought his cuffed hands to wipe at the moisture lying there.
He bit his lip to stop himself from crying in aggravation and from pain. His body rocked and nausea continued to swell within him. He heard people outside move back and forth and he wondered why no one was coming in his room at least to open it.
Steve grew enflamed at the comparison of Ryder and Bucky.  Bucky had been brainwashed and used against his will. And even then Bucky had still shown great remorse for his actions. He hadn’t tried hiding away from the consequences of his past life. He didn’t try to make a new identity and pass himself off as someone new without the scars of his past clinging onto him.
Everyone around him often complained of his early morning habits, even though they were of course never disturbed because Steve made it his mission to be as silent as possible in order to ensure he wouldn’t wake anyone up.
“No,” Miles agreed. “Color?”
“My, my captain. What would the people say about your language?” Tony croaked, laughing as Steve bit at the corner of his thigh. “And I’m completely fine with this plan of yours, but time is ticking.”
“You know that drink I gave you? I mixed it with two pills. Highly poisonous might I add. It slowly stops your body’s functions. Before you know it, you’ll be paralyzed. Your motor skills will have completely degraded. You won’t be able to speak as your tongue will feel so heavy to even lift itself from your mouth,” Tony steely said.
“I know bambino, but we’re going to take some medicine and we can watch cartoons okay.”
“Yes, father,” Bucky waved off. “I’ll make sure we all go to sleep at our bedtime.”
He stared up at the ceiling, weighed down by this love. He had never known he could love someone so deeply before. Sure, he had loved Peggy, his ma, Bucky. But those loves were different.
“Yes, Captain,” FRIDAY answered.
Of course his phone call had been important. Tony should have answered and now Ryder had to go through all of this alone just because Tony wanted to give into his desires and give him the silent treatment.
This time Tony didn’t bother correcting Rhodey.
Tony’s eyes fell shut.
Sam rolled his eyes and said to Steve, “I’m going to go get the crushed ice.”
“First that was one time and I apologized. Every other time was consensual. Plus I thought you were of the forgiving nature. How long must you hold that over me? Didn’t Bucky kill your parents and you forgave him?”
And tell you to point to me where
“Hey, Tony no,” Steve began to argue, shaking his head fiercely.
straight I definitely would have tried pursuing him. However, that it may be I am not attracted to men in any type of manner and I am married to an amazing woman, with whom I have children.”
I'm so sorry, y'all feel free to throw coal at me...I promise it will get better soon. Comfort is going to come like a gentle breeze.
“I know,” he said proudly looking around in his crayon box.
Sometimes he felt like he couldn’t breathe in those four walls. He got so tired of just staring at the near pristine walls as people came in and out marring his body with bruises. He wanted to be like the walls, unmarked.  He wanted people to just stop touching him in this cold room.
“This is a dream. You’ll be gone.”
“And I know you have Ryder, but I can’t help thinking that you deserve better. Perhaps I’m selfish in wanting that better to be me even if I’m just a kid from Brooklyn.”
But he didn’t want Tony to hide things from him. He wanted that redness to stay in his cheeks, whenever he said something to Tony that surprised him or made him happy. He wanted that lightness in his eyes directed toward him. He wanted that smile, however brief and innocent…but his. He wanted those hands that had created nearly all of the things Steve had ever needed in life, to bring him closer.
“Hey Pete slow down man,” Rhodey said. “Breathe and tell us what’s wrong.”
He wanted to ask if Ryder had ever…
Jaime laughed and shrugged his shoulders. “I’m sorry Mr. Rogers, but the game doesn’t lie. Perhaps you’re just not as good as you thought.”
And how could Tony lie to a kid?
But seriously he could have at least adopted a healthy kid. And if this was honestly a ploy to get Tony back home, which Ryder was fully aware it probably was, Ryder was going to have to do better at separating Tony from the recent additions to the house.
Tony leaned forward being careful not to damage his bandaged hands. With narrowed eyes he moved his head closer to Steve.
Tony’s throat tightened and his chest began to feel heavy. “Sorry, but you can’t adopt him. I’m sure you are probably wonderful people and would make wonderful parents, but I cannot let you take him. So I know this is probably unprofessional and Pepper would literally kill me if she saw my behavior right now, but I want to adopt him and I would go through hell and high water to make sure that Miles becomes my son. So not to be rude or anything, but you can stop what you’re doing now and save you the-”
Tony leaned his head back against the seat.
Steve settled his eyes on Bucky and shook himself of where he had gone. He had no time to go back into his head like that and he had already wasted enough time. He clenched his jaw and with his eyes seemed to tell the Avengers to get ready. No one wasted in time in grabbing their uniforms or weapons. Steve wanted to ask Bucky if he was sure he was up to coming with them and Bucky only seemed to raise a brow as if wondering why Steve had even asked.
Steve didn’t stop his movements. He continued running his fingers through his hair, occasionally placing a straying curl behind his ear. While doing this, Steve wondered if he should try bringing up what made Tony go into that panic attack again. He didn’t want to disturb this peace blanketing him, but he also wanted to be the one that helped Tony.
Tony’s arm tightened instinctively around him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve had just come back from a two-week long mission and he was exhausted. He had literally come in not a few hours ago, freshly showered and deep dived head first into the bed. Tony had only known he had arrived shortly ago because he had just been on the edge of sleep, before finally being able to submerse into his dreams feeling Steve’s comforting presence near him.
He walked briskly through the whole floor and realized that he wasn’t there. He knew that Steve was in the tower. It was pretty much silent, but Steve always left his light on in his floor, if he was home. And it was on.
“Hey?”
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
“Seriously, Tony this is an amazing thing you’re doing. I couldn’t be prouder of you,” Rhodey said, leaning over to grab Tony’s hands. “I mean every day you amaze me, mostly with your genius and your habit to get up to heaven only knows what form of mayhem…but I think people often forget your philanthropy side and gosh this non-profit. I mean wow…Tones I just…”
He was so caught up in the shivering, that he didn’t even notice when they made it to his lab. He could hear Natasha whisper, “Five days,” as she grabbed a spare blanket and draped it over Tony’s spare shoulders.
“Miles is not tall enough to reach the table. How can he reach the top cabinet,” Tony added.
“Hardy har har,” Tony dryly said.
“Peter,” Tony started, “I am perfectly safe and capable of handling things. Besides we’re actually talking things through now and trying work on our communication. We’ve seen our past mistakes and are using them to learn how to move forward.”
4:48 a.m.
“Ummm,” Tony drawled off, having completely forgotten his thought.
“Okay, just let me supervisor know and check him out,” the nurse instructed. “Promise me you’ll look after him though.”
“Wow that sounds amazing. I can see why she wouldn’t want to leave even for a week,” Steve agreed.
When he looked back, both Clint and Bucky were looking at him solemnly. Steve offered a tentative smile which stuttered as soon as all the events that led him to here came rushing forward.
? Everything running smoothly?”
Tony stared back to the bruise blossoming on Steve’s face and caressed the skin.
“I’m trying to become educated,” Steve hissed.
“There’s no reason to be sorry. Here, come here,” Steve said coming closer. He kept his hands in front of him this time, so as to not frighten Tony away.
So when he had seen Steve again for the first time, he felt hollow. The second time, he realized that hollow feeling was a feeling of loss at something he had never knew he had obtained in the first place. Everything that had happened came all too quickly. Suddenly, they were fighting each other and then fighting others at opposite ends of the world…no…correction universe.
“And baba then we can have cookies. Ms.K said ‘m getting big so I can watch the…the,” he broke off into some cough and tried to recover to speak some more.
“You know you can’t take this away from me, right?” Bucky said with a completely straight expression.
“You know I’ll follow you.”
“Rules,” Harley snuffed out. “Now may you two please be seated? Our judges would first like to address the buildings, before they give their final statement on who wins.”
“Ms. Romanoff perhaps I may escort the young gentleman back to an area where he can be occupied to get his mind off of things,” Vision exclaimed.
Their laughter soon transformed into breathy gasps as the kiss grew more heated as though the two had been separated for so long and this was finally like coming home.
“Sorry I am later Mr. Stark. Traffic was hectic, but FRIDAY let me right on up hope that’s okay,” a frantic woman rambled walking quickly toward them, trying to brush back her straying curls.
Steve smiled down at him. “But I repressed it all. A man of the future couldn’t want a man stuck in the past. Then when I gathered a little bit of courage you were back with Pepper. Then you broke up. Then I thought here’s my chance. Then Ultron. Then you got back with Pepper. Then the Accords and well you and I both know that was a reason of its own…or rather an excuse,” Steve told him.
Steve put the dirtied washcloth in the trashcan and went toward the medicine cabinet to grab the medkit. Tony stared blankly at Steve and reached his hands out for the medkit, only to wince in pain when the contact from the kit met his burning skin.
Tony passed a few headstones, if you could even call it that. It was just like mounds of misshapen grass with a stone placed haggardly in its place. Tony continued walking amongst the similar burial sites, until he reached the one he wanted.
Tony narrowed his eyes at Rhodey. “What?”
“I do love you bambino.”
“If that is quite alright with you Ms. Maximoff,” Vision addressed. “I believe it would do you good to gain more control of your powers in a safe environment not around a lot of people. We would be traveling the world seeking out people with similar powers to yours. Tony has enlisted the help of Dr. Strange. We would both like to help you in your journey
Natasha quirked an eyebrow at him, as though that statement alone refuted what he had said, which in all honesty it did.
Steve harshly pushed Ryder away and wiped at the blood on his face. Ryder fell a few steps away and hunched over, eyes alight with malice.
“Yeah,” Bucky told him returning to his pan. “Now how about we stop talking about my health. I do enough of that at therapy. Hand me the pepper. You do know what that looks like, right?”
“Ned,” Peter said quirking an eyebrow. “I was really only able to get this intern because of Mr. Stark.”
“So what do we do, huh?”
Steve tried waking him up, but a sleeping Tony was a hard one to wake. So Steve hoped Tony wouldn’t mind him carrying him to his room. Carefully, Steve picked Tony up hooking an arm underneath his knees and behind his back. He gently cradled him close to his chest as he walked toward Tony’s room, which was thankfully on the main floor.
Enjoy Endgame. Remember don't spoil it and I will see you all on Saturday, unless you all will be recovering from the movie. Much love :)
He was just so tired all of a sudden.
DUM-E looked to the ceiling, as though contemplating whether or not to challenge Natasha’s words. Clint took everything in with a sense of amusement, even furthering to get U in, by telling U that Tony was clearly paying favorites and no parents should have any favorites. If Tony’s elbow sharply hit Clint’s side, he certainly didn’t notice.
again.”
“I love you, so you know I won’t let serious harm come to you, yeah?”
“Alright, fine go. But remember stay in my sight always. If you cannot see me or Peter, you have gone too far,” Tony continued.
Steve didn’t really inspect the differences between the two looks.
Steve looked back and Tony searched his eyes. Once finding what he was looking for, he leant against Steve’s chest and talked.
It wasn’t unusual for Tony to be awake at odd ends of the day, but it was unusual for Tony to finally come to bed to sleep and later get up in the early morning. He knew nightmares were a possibility, but Steve would usually feel a sense of alert, during those moments and comfort Tony. So that means he either had some idea on his mind or needed to walk around for a bit.
“Oh, but you like her?”
“You have no rights here,” Steve said. “You think you have everyone fooled here don’t you. You think that you’ve mastered this game of deception, but I see through you.”
At one surprising brush of his lips against the hollow of Tony’s collarbone, Tony let out a breathy moan and rolled his body closer to Steve’s. At one point Tony had found himself straddling Steve’s waist and leaning over him his own mouth mapping out the points of Steve’s neck. The two continued this play of touch on each other…a call and response. At one rather impressive roll of his hips, Steve fingers tightened on the dip of Tony’s waist and he had to stop himself from bucking into the movement.
The kids laughed and tried mimicking Marley’s voice, to which she rolled her eyes and stated that, “This accent is a level of high standing.”
She tossed the drink back.
“So I thought I would finally try being good and maybe the world would forgive me and give it all back to me, but it fucking didn’t. It fucking didn’t,” Clint hoarsely cried out. “Laura wouldn’t answer my calls and in turn wouldn’t let me speak to my kids. I was basically a criminal hiding in Wakanda. I wasn’t an Avenger. We weren’t Avengers. And I was fighting against you and I didn’t know why.”
Natasha raised a brow at them as Bucky leaned over Sam to grab a piece of bacon, but not before letting his hand linger of Sam’s waist. Natasha turned to Tony who only shrugged as Sam leaned into the touch before turning away to talk to Thor who was already looking for some pop tarts.
“That! That has been your behavior for goodness sake Clint. You’ve been acting as though everything is an annoyance to you. You have been sauntering around Tony like he’s beneath you. You are behaving like he is the reason for everything that has gone wrong in your life. Clint that is a lot to place onto one person,” Natasha rasped.
Steve breathed in slowly and began to explain himself.
“Oh,” was all Ryder said.
“Dates here and there. Nothing is sticking quite yet. However, I am in a good place where I am fine being single and don’t really need anyone. If I happen to find someone that can add onto my life, then that’s great. If not I have the best job and the best friends in the world. Not too many people can say they have that.”
Bucky ran a hand through his hair as he watched Natasha slowly calm him down. When Steve gained awareness of his surroundings, Natasha stood up and went back to her seat.
“Sorry. Sometimes he’s seriously like a panda bear just latching onto me like I’m bamboo, when he’s really tired,” Tony muttered as he sat down on the bed.
She picked at them and then looked at Steve. Her gaze was haunted, but there was something loose in her shoulders. She hadn’t looked as tense as she did before. Though she still looked as though a burden bore heavy on her back, it didn’t seem to stretch all throughout her body, like it had before.
He could hear the television on and imagined what Tony was watching. Well, he would have more than enough time to figure out.
“Yeah, I don’t think so. Tony Stark is sold to no bidder,” Tony said kicking his legs out and running to the door, where he knew they had forgotten to lock it. He almost made it, before Jack reached out and grabbed his ankle causing Tony’s body to fall to the ground.
Tony’s mouth nearly salivated at the thought of some food. He had wanted a burger, but he figured he could get Steve to bring him one later. He made grabby motions to the food, not yet wanting to speak into the serene silence that wrapped Tony like a blanket.
“Yeah, FRIDAY notified us, shortly before the hospital staff wanted us to confirm that you indeed were taking him home to rest. You should have seen Bruce’s face though, before you had come in carrying Tony. He looked like he had swallowed a sour lemon, when he learned that Tony had left the hospital. But he was fine, when he learned that you were bringing him back.”
Clint nodded. “And I did. Look if I have only learned one thing in my career, it is how to take a quick shower and get ready in five minutes. Now let’s go! Can we stop by David’s Burger Shack first though? I’m starving.”
“Do you have food? I’m starving?” Bucky questioned trying to lessen the ever growing tension in the air.
Tony quickly refused to focus on all of this. He had a four year old to wake up and get ready to go to Peter’s school for some school program being put on. Peter had been talking about this presentation for weeks and Tony sure wasn’t going to be late. Also May would have his head, if he showed up less than five minutes before the program begin.
“He’s fine.”
“I thought you and Rhodey are his only friends,” Sam said. “That’s all he ever talks about. Never mentioned a Ryder.”
“Bye Agent Eva! Bye Mr. Eric!” Miles said waving to the two leaving guards, who had turned back and offered Miles a wave and a smile of their own.
“Maybe you should tell Tony this Clint and realize that while we may think we don’t deserve these people in our lives, doesn’t mean we don’t need them,” Natasha explained.
Clint nodded. “Yup. Started talking about you and how your hair looked so soft and how your kindness made you sort of infuriating. Then he started talking about everything he liked about you and your and I quote,
“Please, I can lost very long. It was you who fell asleep during act three. But I suppose what can I expect, I’m just that good,” Tony smirked.
“I came here to tell you I have a surprise for you,” Wanda announced shyly. “While I was traveling across the world and across the universes using only my mind…which well I’ll explain how that is possible on a later date. However, it is fantastical. Dr. Strange is helping with that and I do apologize I digressed.”
“And you know sometimes on those nights, when we laid together I’d whisper to him,” Ryder petered his voice off to a whisper, “that Captain America would have left bruises far deeper and darker than the ones I had. After all, that’s what happened in Siberia. You made it so easy. If he was so accepting of the bruises from you, that made it all the more easy to justify the ones I gave to him. After all, yours was done out of poorly misplaced anger. Mine was done out of love. Every bruise, every scratch, every single piece of smooth skin that I ran over with my teeth and-”
“He’s in Peter’s room. Small sir has been there, since later on this evening as soon as Peter came to visit for the weekend,” FRIDAY answered back.
“Good, job kotenok,” Nat said, moving to kiss him on his fevered forehead. She stepped back and looked at Steve.
Miles nodded eagerly. “Yes! Purple, blue, and…what do you think Mr. Steve?”
Ryder eyes became glazed over as though he was excited with Tony straining for breath underneath him. Ryder’s mouth fell open, tongue darting out to lick his lips. Tony scrunched his face up in disgust.
“I’ve been an ass to him.”
“Bet you hate that. I’ll make you a hot cup of coffee later,” Ryder promised leaning back from Tony. “You good?”
Clint quirked an eyebrow in silent understanding.
mess.”
“How was your day Miles?” Steve asked.
“Jaime breathe,” Karen said though she was looking just as awestruck.
He reached out for the softness and soothing nature of that voice. He wanted it to bring him back.
“Yeah, we don’t need to know what happened in order to still be here for you and give you whatever you need,” Pepper added then stopped.
He felt a cold cloth being pressed into his hand. He took it without bothering to see if it was Bucky or Clint who had given it to him. He wiped his face, took a few calming breaths, and with the nerve of steel he walked back into the room.
By the time Tony was pretty sure he had made introductions with everyone and did a once over of all the groups to make sure everything was good, he went to the nearest food stand and got a funnel cake. He gave some change to the volunteer at the stand.
“So there’s no sense of you leaving, if I don’t need your protection,” Tony angrily shouted, fire coursing through his vein. “I don’t need anyone’s protection. I am fine on my own! I’m just like everyone else in this tower Steve yet you’re not running away from Natasha. You’re not telling her you have to leave because of some
“Okay,” Steve finally told her.
“No, they are not criminals. You know Tony Stark has been working with everyone involved including the UN on a way to have the Avengers pardoned. I believe that they will be allowed entrance to America in two months give or take. At least that is what resources claim Tony Stark has said.”
Tony raised a hand to muffle his sob. Cali winced as she watched the tears stream down Tony’s face. Tony continued listening as Miles kept talking, imploring whether Tony would be home soon.
He snatched the patch off and placed it in his jacket pocket that was on the floor. He figured when he got back, he would have Bruce inspect it and see what it was. He set his jacket aside and looked for any telephone in this room. As he got up he swayed a little on his feet. As the wave of nausea passed his eyes moved around the room and with a sinking feeling he realized he was in the same room he had been when Ryder first
Tony’s eyes opened.
“That’s not true. Plus I wanted to make a home-cooked meal. I need to show him that I’m making all the effort and am serious about this,” Steve admitted.
Tony smiled as he took his spot beside Ryder. He had to keep smiling so none of his guests would notice anything was amiss.
“Slow down Harls, you’ll get yourself a stomach ache. And okay, that’s fine. I can drop you off and Tony can just drop Miles off so we aren’t having to rush him, okay?” Steve said, grabbing a muffin that Bucky had set outside for all of them.
Bucky tried sputtering out a response.
Tony rubbed some syrup off of Steve’s lips. Steve leant back in his chair and Tony pressed his back against his chest, lazily listening to Sam and Bucky try to disprove Thor’s and everyone else’s various moments of catching the two in the act.
“I’m not mad at you over the Accords…that’s fuck….” Clint struggled with himself for a few seconds. “I shouldn’t have even fought in a war that didn’t concern me, but I did and in that I lost all the good things I never deserved in the first place. I lost my wife and kids. I lost the Avengers because we were fucking broken. I lost my brother,” he rasped looking at Tony.
His legs felt heavy and as though they were just trying to get him to collapse. His skin felt like it was being pricked with several tiny needles. Voices came in his ear like a loud symphony and his ears screamed at them to stop.
On some days, he needed to be the one setting the boundaries and taking the first steps. Other times he wanted Steve to truly take control. It had taken a while for Tony to understand what he wanted and even then it took some time for Steve not to feel like he was hurting Tony or would do something Tony wouldn’t like.
“I love you fiancé,” Tony giddily announced, “Wow fiancé. You’re my fiancé. I have a fiancé.”
Ryder sat down on the bed and motioned for Winston to follow him. Ryder sat behind Winston and began taking off his own clothes. Tony started to breathe harshly and his fingers shook as he tried undoing the rest of his shirt buttons.
The voicemail cut off. It seemed Tony hadn’t gotten to correcting his voicemail as Pepper had suggested. He called the phone a few more times and each time the phone reached the voicemail. One time it didn’t even ring, but went straight to voicemail.
He shouldn’t want them to push Ryder away, when they came back. He shouldn’t want them to come and protect him from Ryder. Perhaps they wouldn’t even care. They probably wouldn’t care because Tony deserved what Ryder did to him. Maybe they wouldn’t even notice. But why should he want them to? He doesn’t know which is worse.
“Of course you are. And look it’s no problem. It’ll be nice to spend some more time with him. Plus Miles is really excited that Peter is going to be hanging out with us for a while,” Tony told her.
The boy gave an incredulous look to Steve. “Are you fucking stupid? Why the hell would I want Ms. Karen to come in here? It’s not like I don’t want to get kicked out of my fifth home or whatever,” he laughed darkly.
He shook those thoughts out of his head, resolute to not spend any more time thinking about the past. The past often took him in his dreams, they had no place to exist in the now with him.
Tony closed his eyes once more and fell asleep.
“You don’t have to thank me,” Steve answered, but he wasn’t sure Cali had even heard him since the phone hung up shortly after she spoke.
However, they made it thankfully without Steve getting too frustrated at the growing traffic.
“No, no. Don’t feel like you have to keep things from me. Thank you for sharing that, but…” Steve blinked away the wetness in his eyes. “Tony how can you call yourself weak after any of that? No one who is weak would have been able to become the man you are today. You didn’t let those situations define you or stop you from going after your goals.”
The two nodded their heads. Steve settled things over the design and thanked Mr. Moore again. “I can’t tell you how much this means to me. Thank you.”
Steve nodded, before verbally telling FRIDAY yes. The volume lowered considerably and Steve could see Tony’s head raise to look around at the cause, before his eyes caught on Steve. He smiled sheepishly, though it came out guiltier as his eyes settled on the mess before him.
“Where’s Tony?” Ryder questioned.
“You kind of do man,” Sam echoed suddenly tuning into their conversation. “I wasn’t going to say anything and wait for a while, but hey. This is literally the saddest I’ve ever seen you. Like if you were selling Girl Scout cookies, I would buy all the boxes and just let them sit in my pantry.”
But he didn’t remember how he wound up here.
Tony stared at her. Wanda looked at Vision for encouragement. “Well, I sent a signal to look for Bruce because I know you were missing a friend, certainly one who was untouched with all this mess. And this is the time to be surrounded by family so…”
“Hey, it’s Ryder again. Look I know you said to wait, but it’s been hours and he’s not answering my calls. Could you just try calling him, please,” Ryder worriedly said. “I just need to make sure he’s okay.”
“Oh, you think I didn’t keep tabs on you?” Isak scoffed. “I have to in order to make sure as far away from me as possible. Unfortunately, it didn’t work this year.”
Tony cut his eyes to the side and Ryder watched the slight twitch of his shoulder. “Mhm.”
That only left Tony and Steve. Steve looked at Tony and realized that he had to be uncomfortable resting like that. He didn’t want to wake Tony up, but he remembered what Peter said. He didn’t want to risk waking Tony up and having him go back to the lab.
And how many times had Tony told him how wonderful his art was or how nice of a person he actually was aside from his title.
“I put you on speaker baba!” Miles said. “Peter! Harley! Baba on phone! See I tolded you,” Miles announced. “Say hi!”
Steve swallowed what felt like knives crawling up his throat.
He couldn’t remember.
“Oh, baby. This is all Steve Rogers. Even before the serum, I was still getting it in,” Steve joked, standing up and heading to the bathroom.
“And now it doesn’t matter because he’s with Ryder,” Clint said sadly. “But you’re right Tony seems happy with him. So that’s all that matters.”
Steve’s cheeks grew warm. It was true in part. Clint had been driven out of retirement for something he could have easily ignored. Steve should have told Clint to stay home with his wife and kids. He had no business in seeking out Clint’s help. It was his fault for having Clint direct all of his anger at Tony. It was always easing placing blame on someone who couldn’t defend themselves.
Tony refused to meet Bucky’s eyes while he was saying any of this. Instead he trained his eyes on the point where his ankles were crossed on Bucky’s lap.
“You had suspicions,” Steve growled stepping closer to Natasha. Then he backed down seeing as though first she was Natasha and second they were all in the same boat.
“Alright, well then Miles would you like to announce the winner.”
“Seriously, I mean it wouldn’t be the first time that you adopt a kid without me knowing,” Ryder growled. “I mean who knows what you might just do next!”
Later, Steve would know exactly what having Natasha in control meant.
But now here they were, nearly the same spot where they were in the beginning trying to be earth’s mightiest heroes. Tony had wondered whether they could do this together, whether they could heal.
Steve grew more interested in this. “And?”
After all this was a family…he just wished he had realized that sooner.
Fury straightened his shoulders at the threat. Realizing that Steve fully intended to go through with the threat if tested, Fury looked at the rest of the people in the room and saw the agreeance on their faces.
“Excuse me what? It just sounded like you said it was you who killed my parents. Steve what the hell?”
“What’s wrong with your face?”
He had seen the calculation in Steve’s eyes a sign that he had known that a paralyzed soldier would not be able to continue up the ranks, no less be around other soldiers who he thought were less than himself because of the color of their skin. He wanted him gone and he knew that was the best time to do it.
Goodness gracious how did this story get to a 100k+ words...I mean I'm confused. Thanks for sticking with me for this long I highly appreciate and love you all :)
“You need me to stay?” Ryder questioned eyes scanning Tony’s face for an answer. Tony shook his head. “Okay, well I’m going to go get ready for my 3 o’clock surgery. Text me if these guys do anything to upset you.”
Tony.
“He sure is,” Clint noted.
“Dude Miles can’t eat anything that’s orange flavored. Also those bubble gum drops are choking hazards,” Peter said.
Steve only had a few seconds to realize what Harley was suggesting, “Harley you are not driving! You do not have your license.”
Once they laid together, Ryder had actually paid attention to giving him gentle affection. Tony could never forget how his body froze at Ryder’s hands moving toward his collarbone, before smooth hands ran over bruised collarbones, leaving behind a thin layer of lavender scented oil. Ryder looked down at Tony and kissed the fingerprints he had left on Tony’s neck.
She was tired of listening to him try to justify his brother’s actions and place everything on Tony.
“Cookies?”
for thinking that you were even worthy of my forgiveness.”
But Tony wasn’t handling it was he? He should have known that with how he found him on the floor that day in the hospital. Steve pressed at his heart, hating how it sank to his stomach and infused with the swirling bouts of anger, fear, and sadness.
“I’m safe. Why wouldn’t I be?” Tony questioned.
Tony talked freely as the memory, from that day he reencountered Ryder, flew through his mind.
She’s so lost and she’s never been this terrified before.
“It is not your duty to watch me,” Ryder stated sternly. “I’ve changed.”
Natasha and Bucky followed Steve out of the room. Once far enough away, Steve turned to the two of them. Natasha searched his eyes and placed a hand on his shoulder. Bucky did the same to the other free shoulder. The three of them looked at one another and seemed to come to a silent agreement.
“It was subtle changes at first. I didn’t really focus too much on them. I was still hanging out with Ryder and he seemed to still have time for me. But then there were weeks where he would just be gone. I begged my dad to let him have some off days, but then Ryder would find out and get mad, said I was ruining his opportunity.”
Sharon covered up her laughter behind her hand.
“Says the one who has suffered from the violence that his own brother has reared. Tell me do you think that car accident was truly an accident or it was intentional and somehow you were the lucky one that survived.”
The acid flew from his mouth and the pain of it caused tears to fall from Tony’s eyes.
Unfocused eyes met his and he flinched away from Steve. Steve winced at the response and curled in on himself. The two stared at each other silently for a few minutes not quite sure knowing what to do. Steve watched as the focus slowly appeared back in Tony’s eyes. Tony watched as Steve grew closer to getting off the couch and leaving.
Tony’s lips quivered. “Damn it. And I said I wouldn’t do this. ‘Cause I swear I’m done…this is the last time. The last time you’ll ever hear my name because I hate you, you piece of abusive lying shit. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you!”
Tony would answer without a doubt, “For the first time…me.”
“The kid said only babies do that and that it’s weird having a dad who’s a superhero and he still has to sleep in your bed,” Peter said, brow furrowing in past restrained anger. “I mean he’s twelve so he should have known better than to say that to any kid. I guess Miles took that to heart. Said he was a big boy and he shouldn’t be scared…said he was too old to not sleep alone.”
Immediately, Tony turned his attention back to Principal Davis. At the time Principal Davis was trying to serve as a mediator between Harley, Peter, and Flash. Tony had been surprised, when he had received a call from May asking if he can go into this meeting seeing as though she couldn’t pull herself away from work at the time. So Tony had agreed. He set a reminder to ask why on earth May didn’t give him a brief explanation that this meeting was not a simple catch up on Peter’s grades.
Harley’s mouth widened into a smile and he sprint toward his mom’s room. Steve watched as he entered Bekah’s room. When the door closed behind him, Steve turned away and let himself walk through the hallways. For a few moments he was alone with his thoughts and let the reality of what Bekah was asking to completely settle on him.
The man repeated his statement, as if Tony hadn’t heard him.
Pepper sighed, deciding not to push. “Okay, that’s fine. If you don’t want to talk to us about it right now, then you don’t have to. It can be whenever you feel ready.”
“Have a nice night,” Leauna said, winking at them. “I’ll be expecting you to come visit me again as soon as possible.”
Harley chuckled. “Yes, as if you would even know if something was on the internet.”
“But that’s okay. I love you and that’s enough for you. Well I am off. I’ll be back before you know it,” he leaned down and pressed a kiss against Tony’s cold back.
His smile froze on his face as his eyes settled on the empty bed. Immediately his heart began thundering and the thought, “Not again” was constantly being repeated in his head. He first went to check in the bathroom, when a whimper caught his attention.
“No, no,” Tony quickly stuttered out. “Ummm, here. Just be careful. And if he starts coughing too much take him to the trash can. He probably just needs to get some mucus out.”
Tony raised his hand in defense. “I was not playing in your make-up. I just had some events to go to and I didn’t want to bother Pepper anymore about going to get some. So I used yours. I just assumed you knew and you never said anything.”
Natasha looked curiously at Steve and Bucky. She had known very little of what happened and decided to leave it alone. Maybe she should have prodded further into what actually happened.
“Has he said something to you?” Ryder exclaimed, slightly concerned that maybe he had gotten to Tony too late and he indeed had said something to Steve.
“No, we’re going to have some fun first. Seeing him immobile like this, it isn’t fair that we shouldn’t get to partake in this fun.” she explained. “I’ve heard around that Tony Stark loves water.”
“Why don’t we have Tony come talk to me and decide for himself whether or not I am the man I say I am. After all, he is the one who spent the most time with Ryder. He is quite possibly the only one who can decide whether or not I am who I say I am, which I do.”
“What type of sick,” Tony brokenly rasped. “Sick fuck does this.”
Peter handed the box to him and exclaimed that, “Shuri said the design you sent her was wonderful and she was honored that you asked her to make the rings. She also said thanks for sending pics of Tony’s bracelet to get an idea on how you wanted the rings to look.”
“Oh thank…” Steve muttered. “He’s fine.”
“Ms. Borderlon I…of course I don’t-”
“Ah, give me my favorite Stark,” Pepper announced reaching her hands out to Miles, who was now slumped over the lunch basket. Rhodey passed Miles over. “He doesn’t let me hold him as much as I used to. Apparently he thinks he’s a big boy now.”
Steve circled a finger around Tony, before pressing in. Tony sucked in a breath, the first intrusion always just a little unexpected pressure. He moved it around, letting Tony get used to the space he was making.
He had tried to do the same things for tonight, but he figured he could get a free dinner out of this and then break up with Ryder. He wanted to break up with Ryder ever since he came back. He hadn’t forgotten what had happened only a little over a month ago. He still had a fading hand shaped bruise left on his hipbone.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony was fine with this. He came in there for the silence anyway. Just as he was getting comfortable in the silence and trying to calm his nerves from the surprise party, Steve reached out and blindly searched for Tony’s hands. He found them placed firmly on the floor and brought them to rest on their entangled legs.
He swallowed the gallon of nails that suddenly appeared in his throat.
Tony leaned his head back so as to resist the temptation, but this inadvertently caused him to arch his back slightly, his chest briefly meeting with Steve’s. Tony quickly bent back and remained still. If Tony hadn’t seen Steve, he would have assumed he wasn’t there. Despite the sound of breathing, Steve hadn’t moved.
Steve looked at him, imploringly widening his eyes a bit.
Tony turned away from Peter. “So when are you asking Michelle out.”
Clint rolled his eyes and leaned closer to Bucky. “No one goes to Tony’s lab if he’s been down there for more than 72 hours. It’s not worth risking your life. But Steve does. Why might you ask? Because he loooves him.”
Steve followed Natasha and went to go sit back in his chair. Sam had entered again and brought biscuits and breakfast and sat silently in the recliner. Sam didn’t say anything to break the silence.
“Nice, very structured,” Tony commented.
“I’m just going to talk to you through your mind and hopefully you can help us find where Tony is, yeah?”
“I know you don’t need my protection,” Steve said.
“Not tonight, sweetheart,” he said, hoping the term of endearment would lean him some favor in getting Tony to rest.
“Lab incident. Get used to seeing my face like this, though I assure you I’ve been told the marks add to my ruggedly handsome good looks,” Tony said.
“And you’re okay with keeping another secret like this from him,” Fury said, trying for one last chance. “I don’t think we all need a reminder of how well keeping secrets goes for this team.”
“We don’t need to do that Steve. As I have told you he has been identified and we don’t need to cause anymore drama. Trust me I am as upset with all of this as you are, but don’t let your paranoia get to you,” Fury said calmly. “We cannot bring into question someone and make them seem guilty.”
Clint and Bucky nodded in agreeance.
Even with the absence of a last name he was Iron Man. He had no reason to fear this man who he could easily crush with his suit. He had destroyed others ten times the size of Ryder. Then why didn’t he?
“I don’t believe in it Natasha,” Steve tried saying.
Steve frowned. “You said you were taking a shower five minutes ago.”
“In two months?” Rhodey said.
“And guess what I did. I changed my mind. I let him stay because I know what makes you happy.”
“And then I feel like I hate him. I hate what he did to me, but he was my friend. I…I could have saved him. I don’t know what made him this way.”
He turned to Steve proudly and smiled.
“You asshole,” Natasha bit back at him quickly pushing herself to her knees in front of Tony.
“How about a toast?”
And as always apologies for any mistakes.
“Baba’s hurt,” he said frowning, brown eyes quickly filling with water. “You…you said he was better.”
“You have everything set up Jaime?”
Even if the signs were always present, after the first month since he had reunited with him.
Ever since then the two could be seen coloring together in Tony’s lab, while Tony was working on some schematics for SI.
“Love you baba. Stay with you forever.”
“No, it’s not like that.”
Natasha stood up straighter, thankful that she had the support of Sam and Bucky. Going into this, she thought she would have been arguing with Steve alone. She would have made him see reason and his mistakes, but it was nice going in with backup.
Ryder couldn’t touch him either. He couldn’t touch him, but when he got back and saw how bad he had been he would punish him. He couldn’t touch him. No one could touch him.
“Tony look at everything around you. Those children’s smiles are because you have enriched their lives far greater than money ever could. You have fed into their lives so much more than their family members, friends, and hell sometimes me ever had. Tony these kids are inspired by you. Sure, toys are great, but they don’t last. But you Tony…the lessons you impart on them and the comfort they receive whenever you talk to them is all they ever need. All they need is love and you give that to them so much that it overflows.”
“Well, Julie all of them did well. I like a lot of color, so I really liked the one with all of the colors.”
“How?” Tony asked.
Steve broke out of his haze and turned embarrassed eyes to Natasha. “Sorry.”
Tony pointed at Steve’s chest. “Seriously? I don’t understand. I mean one moment you’re telling me you have to leave and then the next I’m getting a letter saying you love me and how you didn’t want to leave…then why did you leave? I mean I’m not believing you for a second that you could actually love me…”
“You know I would have believed you, if it weren’t for the fact that I’ve known you for more than half of my life and I can notice the subtle changes in your face dictating that you are not in fact fine,” Rhodey asserted.
Steve shook his head. “That, don’t do that. Don’t push me away by you ranting about cheeseburgers and wanting to leave.”
Harley shrugged and hid his face into the stuffed animal. “I don’t know. I’m happy that she’s getting to do what she loves, but at the same time it seems like she took the fastest chance to get rid of me. She won’t even be out of the hospital for a week, before she plans on leaving. I wished that I had at least a few months before she could be my mom and then leave.”
He was allowed three hours of alone time, before his door creaked open and a tired Ryder came in. Tony looked up from his StarkPad and smiled warmly at Ryder.
Steve frowned. “Uh, yeah sure. I can try calling him, but he probably won’t answer.”
Bucky lifted his shoulder. “I mean it’s going. Good days, bad days. I can’t really complain though as long as it gets rid of these trigger words then I’m good.”
Shuri laughed. “Not particularly Peter, grow eight legs then get back to me on that. But stop trying to distract me. I know you have spider-senses and guess what I have Peter-is-about-to-get-into-some-deep-shit-senses.”
The saddest part was watching the kids come into Tony’s room those days. Steve would watch as they entered the room, eyes hopeful that things were just a dream and that possibly Tony was waiting for them in the room. Seeing that hope in their eyes, felt like a revival. It felt like all Steve had to do was hope that they would find Tony in time.
“No, you look at me. You were bold enough to watch Tony ask you to stay and you to tell him no. You will be bold enough to look me in the eye, when I talk to you,” Natasha grit out.
Setting his mug of tea on Harley’s side table, he entered the fort they made. He had to note that each week it got increasingly better with its styling. They even started playing a soundtrack of calming instrumental music to filter in the room.
Bucky raised his eyebrow in question.
“And?” Pepper questioned, her voice breaking. “And…did you? Find any evidence of
Steve smiled into the gentle affection. “Love you too. Now my toast.”
There was only one person who called him baba. One time they had watched a movie about this guy who gave toys to his neighborhood every day for a week. His name had been Bába de la Rose. Tony was forever grateful they hadn’t been watching a movie about Santa Claus. His figure could not suffer that greatly. He looked down into the brown eyes of the four year old that had stayed close to him ever since he first came to Karen’s orphanage.
Rhodey was already at Leauna’s as Pepper and Tony arrived. Quickly, they all settled in and began catching up on what had all happened during the week. Tony was content to sit back and listen to his friends, just thankful to have them in this moment and all the ones he’d be fortunate to have.
“I know, you told me. It’s fine. Okay, no need to say sorry. I should have moved away. Let’s get you all cleaned up. Can I take you to get cleaned up?”
And to my soul you have granted the sweetest mercy
“I’m gonna wake up baba now,” Miles said running away, before they were even able to register that he had hoped out of Natasha’s lap.
While he was talking he grabbed a bottle of lube and opened it. He put some on his fingers and looked down at Tony. Tony’s heart slowed down, when he realized that for once, Ryder was actually going to properly prep him. He could do this.
“So you clearly went out for a reason. Where are we going?” Clint questioned trying to match the fast pace that Bucky and Steve had taken on.
When Tony woke up for the second time that night, it was to the soft snoring of Miles. Blearily he opened his eyes, accustomed to the small weight pressed against his side. The soft puffs of air in the forms of snores, rested against his neck. Tony looked down at Miles’ sleeping face and brushed back a few curls that were clinging to his cheeks. He leant over and kissed his forehead, before bringing his eyes to rest up at the ceiling again.
Well, today Tony didn’t feel like being a proper adult. Sam must have seen the slow acceptance in Tony’s eyes because he rocked his foot back and then tipped it on Thor’s Lego building making one side of his wall collapse.
And suddenly everything around Tony became blurred and every sound became white noise. His fingers fell loosely from where they had settled around Ryder’s shoulders in hopes of getting space. He could feel Ryder breathing harshly against his ear as he continued talking. His chest tightened and he wanted to tell Ryder to just get his hands off of his arc reactor because he couldn’t fucking breathe. But his tongue was weighed down and his mind had slowed down his thoughts.
“I love you. I love you so I need you to wake up, so you can see that fucker be put down,” he cursed, thinking to how Tony would have jokingly made a remark on his language. “I don’t know what you’ll need, but I’ll be there for you no matter how long it takes. Ma always said that you can wait forever for the ones you love.”
And then both of them couldn’t take it anymore and fell into bits of laughter.
All of them waited for Ryder to answer, to give them a hint or anything.
“Little children’s ears incoming,” Clint called from the vent as Miles, Harley, and Peter ran into the kitchen.
Pepper looked slightly taken aback. She quickly gathered herself and alternated between which Avengers she was looking at.
She leaned over and pressed a nail into a bruise. Tony let out a string of curses as she pierced her skin into the skin, small drops of red tainting her finger. She leaned back.
He made a quick stop into his room, to grab his phone. Steve was still asleep, arms thrown over his eyes and curled up in the spot Tony was. Tony grinned and backed out of the room, before Steve woke up again.
So that’s why he hadn’t come in guns blazing. There had been room for error, but Tony lived with this man for long enough to know his mannerisms.
“Ah, umm actually I don’t know if you really need me for that. I’m pretty certain that hefty folder you have is actually more helpful than me. I didn’t really keep in contact with my brother. After…after everything he did to my family and to me….” Isak looked down, swallowing a lump in his throat.
Steve nodded. “I do. I know that I’ll have to work back toward gaining Tony’s trust. This time I want my actions to speak for me and how I feel.”
“Yeah, oh,” Natasha laughed, walking away. “Oh, sweet, sweet love. I need some vodka.”
Ryder grinned lecherously.
Tony remained rooted in his spot not having the strength to move. He appreciated the woman’s story, but Ryder wasn’t like that. Sure, he gave him a few bruises and some things that were supposed to be pleasurable were painful. However, she didn’t know Ryder. Her brother’s girlfriend was on a whole other level. Ryder could never kill him. Tony could deal with what Ryder was doing. Also Ryder was trying to be better this past month proved it. Granted he wasn’t near Tony for a month.
Bucky hummed in agreeance. “Yeah, that would probably be the best. So are you making dinner for Tony and the kids?”
Michelle laughed loudly. “What? Okay, Parker. Fabulous, yeah right. Look I’ll see you later. My dad’s outside and I can already hear him beginning to call asking what’s taking so long.”
“Coffee is always good for me. Natasha don’t teach DUM-E how to lie. Don’t be that bad influence,” Tony mulled back, rather childishly. Of course he wasn’t going to admit that change of tone to anyone, including himself.
“Oh, we had to stand up? Now I feel bad,” Tony murmured.
“What I hear is a yes,” Clint said patting him on the shoulder. “I’ll add glitter.”
“And ma…there’s been so much that went wrong. But I’m trying. I’m trying and I need you to give me strength. Speak to me and tell me how to love without feeling like I’m going to do something wrong. Because I can’t live without him…”
“He’s at the Raft.”
“How can I not blame myself? How can we not blame ourselves for us not being worthy enough to earn the respect of you coming to us and seeking help,” Peter said, lips wobbling. “There were four times you almost died here. Four times.”
His trek to Tony’s room was stopped by Natasha running into him.
Tony had found comfort in his room.
“Like I didn’t know you like knew him on a personal basis to the point where he just comes to your school events,” Ned said.
“May I see a packet?”
It had been two weeks since Isa had talked to them and Steve had finally admitted to himself that he should sign. So that morning he had planned on going to Tony and telling him so, but he had learned from a leaving Ryder that Tony had gone in to S.I. for a meeting.
“He was right about one thing,” Fury said stiffly as though he hadn’t wanted to even say it. “If we bring Tony in-”
“That’s not true,” Steve told her.
Tony shrugged.
He wondered if him forgetting had in turn made it all too easy to let Ryder back in.
Steve’s teeth nipped teasingly at Tony’s lip and Tony breathed out a laugh. Steve responded in the same way their laughter mingling with one another. They laughed as hands landed on chins or kisses were misplaced on each other’s eyelids. A short giggle reverberated in Tony’s chest and came out softly as Steve found a ticklish spot just at the curve of his hip. Steve trailed his fingers over the spot, teasingly leaving a hot trail on the little bit of exposed skin. Tony shifted lightly so that the ticklish touch would become firmer.
“Welcome to hell,” Ryder repeated Steve’s worked back to him, a lisp forming from the broken tooth that was now also cutting into his lip. “Now, dear Captain I don’t suppose you would be the one greeting me to my descent. Though I must say it is a nice surprise.”
With each cry of hatred, Tony’s words fell down into harsh whispers. Soon the weight of all the emotions and relief of finally letting go, after all this years forced him down onto his knees. He hit the stone, ignoring the way it scraped against his knuckles. A sob broke away from him and he coughed, air trying to fill into his lungs at the same time.
“Ow Nat!” Steve yelled raising his head to the growing swell on his forehead. “What was that for?”
Coulson grimaced.
Fury shook his head. “No, Ryder’s body was nearly unidentifiable. We only know that it was Ryder because Isak, the brother, woke up and identified him.”
Steve paled, when he realized that Isak…Ryder was getting sexual satisfaction from this. He picked up on the dilated eyes and the breaths coming in harsh pants as his eyes greedily soaked in the bruises littered on Tony’s tan skin. His mouth parted and his tongue stuck out to tease at the bottom lip.
“I know. You’re right,” Steve finally admitted, once his thoughts had silenced.
Tony stared at him and looked at his hands. Nodding, he stood up and followed Steve to the kitchen sink. Steve made motions to pull up the sleeves of Tony’s shirt, but Tony quickly pulled his hands back and pushed the sleeves down to his wrists.
Tony stood in the center of the room not fully sure what to do with himself. He didn’t know if he had passed the point where he could smooth talk himself out of this. He had enjoyed his time away from Ryder and had hoped he would have had a few more days without him. But Ryder coming back unannounced messed everything up.
“Alright come on lover boy let’s empty out this party,” Natasha said linking her arm through Steve’s.
“You’re talking about Tony!” Sam loudly whispered.
“That’s enough,” Steve said, breaking Tony out of his reverie. “I said that’s enough.”
“I never wanted it! Everything that you did for me. I never wanted a single touch of yours not after the first month of us dating. I never wanted it,” Tony screamed, feeling his voice bounce against the walls.
“Natasha! Could you have like given us a warning,” Tony shouted pressing his hand, that wasn’t occupied with holding Steve’s, to his chest. “Like you know my heart condition isn’t that great.”
“Why do we have to go to you and not Tony first?” Sam questioned eyes looking up from the revised document.
“Yes, don’t come in. Who knows maybe Stark here will uncuff me and we can give you a little show of all the things Tony and I did. All the things Tony wanted, but never told anyone,” Ryder hissed. “Come on, uncuff me. I miss touching you. Don’t let us be separated any longer.”
Steve mulled over this and paused.
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
Tony yawned once more and scooted his body so that Miles was tightly sandwiched between himself and Steve. Without warning or announcing his intent, Tony moved the hand that was underneath Miles to grab Steve’s retreating hand. His fingers curled around Steve’s and he squeezed it once before allowing their intertwined hands to rest in the space between them.
Steve wondered to himself why he was saying all of this to an unconscious Tony, but his words just continued to pour out of himself. He couldn’t control what he was saying any more than he could control what was going on in his head.
He was just on his way out of the door, when Bruce pulled him aside. “Conference room.”
By now Tony’s eyes were wide with unshed tears. He had settled his glass down in favor of reaching forward to hold Steve’s hands. Steve took his hands into his own, eyes reflecting the same unbridled emotion mirrored in Tony’s.
Isak stretched his hands out toward him in a placating manner. Steve wondered what it would take to get his hands cuffed tightly, so that they bruised whenever he shifted.
And he needed to leave.
“Your fella?” Tony questioned, quirking his eyebrow and feeling slighted that Steve wasn’t able to see his expressions.
Steve and Tony made sure to do one more double-check of their items, before they were fine with checking out. Miles made one last effort to get some fruit snacks, but Tony remained strong in his decision. Maybe they would come back next week and get the fruit snacks.
Steve’s eyes brimmed red hot with tears and he cleared his throat. He had no reason to feel this affected. He was the one who did all of this stuff to Tony. He was the one who put him in this position.
One of Ryder’s hand kept still on Tony’s waist and the other pressed lightly against Tony’s neck. Tony pushed at both hands and Ryder looked at Tony directly in his eye and kept going. By then Tony couldn’t even say anything because he was trying to hold in that air to breathe. But eventually it was too much and Tony embraced the darkness like a welcomed comfort.
Silence.
“Or something,” Steve joked, turning on the shower. “How about I tell you more about my…sordid past as small Steve in the shower.”
Clint had raised an eyebrow in amusement and spoke around an apple saying, “Always knew he wanted to draw you like one of his French girls.”
Steve turned away and wished he could just disappear. He made moves to step away, but Tony’s grip on his elbow forced him to stay rooted in his spot. He knew he could easily break out of his hold, but that touch on his elbow sent a shiver coursing through his body. He looked at Tony’s hand on his elbow and sighed.
So he looked at the phone and turned it over. Tony stared blithely at the blank walls in his lab and tried quenching down the burning in his throat. That usually had led him to hours of crying and screaming at the ceiling.
“I’m sure she would want to know Harley. You wanting to spend time with your mom for a few more months is valid,” Tony said.
Though there was no doubt in his mind that they loved one another deeply, Steve still had just the smallest of doubts no matter how unfounded they were.
The video ended and the interview section began with the students including Peter able to ask questions. Tony was exceptionally pleased with the questions that Peter brought into the conversation.
Tony was only four.
He knew it was Ryder.
They had taken to watching
“I’m sorry.”
Without looking at any of them, he said softly, “Excuse me. I’m not hungry anymore.”
“It’s really not,” Natasha broke in, hands reaching out to wrap herself around Tony, but stopping shortly. “Can I-” she started, the intent clearly in her actions.
Steve smiled in the darkness at Tony’s rambling.
He had time to reflect, many times spent talking to his therapist. He really ought to give his therapist a raise, he began to think. Either way, he was tired of this rift between them. It had been tearing him apart for the longest.
Steve went behind Tony and wondered what he should do. Tony looked on the verge of a panic attack and Steve didn’t want to make Tony uncomfortable. He remembered how Ryder brought Tony out of his attack, but Steve also knew another way.
“Umm, I had some errands I needed to run
“Miles will be my top priority. I assure you,” he promised to her.
Tony looked up again and tried mimicking Steve’s breathing style. Eventually, his breathing evened out and the rasping sound lost its harshness. Now there was just a soft wheeze. Steve continued this for about another minute or so, before he was assured that Tony could breathe slowly.
“What?”
“Seriously, Karen I wonder how much pain Tony has inflicted on Ryder. His ramblings enough are a great source of pain,” Danvers joked.
Tony leaned back and shrugged. “It’s decent I guess. Certainly not on my level of refined, but I can see some people digging that lumberjack masculine esque appeal.”
Ryder looked at him and then lowered his eyes. Steve realized it for what it was, but didn’t note it aloud. Bucky and Clint no doubt had also saw this act of “submission” for what it truly served to be.
Bekah fumbled with her blanket. Her eyes would shoot toward Steve’s then look back at her hands. Taking a few moments to herself, she finally addressed Steve.
“Ryder is not good okay. He’s not saving you. He’s hurting you sweetheart, so stay strong okay. I need you to remember that we’re coming from you. We’ll find you soon and you’ll be back home.”
Tony had calmed himself down, all to look at Clint sip at his juice box. And that was how the others found them.
Tony tried talking around the bottle and some of the drink dribbled outside of his mouth. Miriam grew delighted and began to force the bottle down his throat. Her eyes grew dark and she grew fascinated with how his throat spasmed and how drops of alcohol traveled down his jaw.
“I left,” Steve told him.
“Alright I think Mr. Stark has heard enough of your brilliant singing,” May exclaimed, quickly pulling Tony toward her. “But the program is about to start and we really need to get to our seats.”
Tony held onto Steve and laughed as well, feeling the relief settle in him as the tear stains dried on his skin. As the two of them spun around, feeling this sense of lightness Tony found Natasha’s eyes. She was nursing her arm closer to her chest, but she smirked at him and nodded.
“He’s Tony’s boyfriend,” he said managing not to wince at admitting that. He really should be nominated for an acting award for not following the statement with “But not for long.”
“Good.”
Michelle and Ned both said one more goodbye before leaving the gymnasium.
They were all talking about something, Steve didn’t truly know. His mind had wandered off to silent reflection of how Tony had sounded on the phone call. So when he heard, Vision speak suddenly with a voice clear and demanding, he was able to break out of his thoughts and listen to Natasha’s response.
William, who at the time was nine, at up straighter form his spot on the floor.
Steve should’ve cut his tongue out.
P.S. This is a little heavy and tense so just prepare yourselves...
“It was fun watching you struggle over such a mundane task,” Natasha laughed.
“Ryder, I’ve heard that is such a delightful place to go in the spring,” the voice moaned. “There is a part of me that hopes he denies your proposal if only to go the estate. Has he been there before?”
Steve poked his head out of the bathroom door, “Tony, serum might have enhanced a lot, but not everything pre-serum was small.”
“Shh, let me finish,” Ryder said. “He would remove your clothes as if they were an outward expression of those walls you’ve built around yourself.”
For once (besides Pepper and Rhodey) he had someone listening to him. And he was getting better, he was opening up about things that he hadn’t even know he had repressed from his relationship with his parents, to his playboy days, all the way to the present.
Mrs. Thompson soothed the wrinkles in her dress, before addressing Principal Davis. “Principal Davis I am sure my son is not to blame for this little skirmish. I have raised him to be a respectable young man. Now Principal Davis I am certain that you and I can reach the conclusion that Peter and Harley are not quite respectable. Although they can’t be to blame, their home lives are not quite as structured as ours.”
“Now I feel like I’m whole, you know? I look at you and I see the reflection of everything that I have ever hoped for in my life. I loved you from the very moment that I realized that you were the one and you’re probably wondering ‘hey Steve why are you getting all sappy when I’m sleep like a loser,” Steve broke off laughing.
He was breaking up with Ryder because he couldn’t take it anymore. He didn’t want to be like that woman’s brother and end up in some less than desirable situation. He had desired the physical presence of someone that wouldn’t leave, but Tony knew he was better off being alone. Plus he had his son to think about.
He knew that Bucky could have stopped him, before the first shot rang out. He had the skillset to prove it and if not Clint was more than capable of diverting Steve’s next actions.
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
“I know,” he said for the first time confident that at least there were two people in this world who would never actually truly leave him. Goodness knows there have been many times when they should have.
Steve had been saving this sonnet to include in his vows and sure Steve was thinking ahead, but he could only hope. Even as the years passed by and his relationship with Tony grew, there was this ever growing desire to continuously love and to be loved by Tony. Despite his mom’s instructions of love and everything it encompassed, he hadn’t truly known what it felt like until Tony.
When he was certain that the few minutes of fear had settled in, he began to talk.
Tony’s heart continued to ache. Is this how parents felt when they’re kids got sick? If so this was an awful feeling. Tony was certain Howard had never felt this, when Tony had gotten sick all but three times.
She would have held back for Tony seeing as though he was currently employing her, but well he wasn’t here to physically stop her from saying anything that was…well less classy.
Tony stopped. “Ah, shit sorry. I know you don’t want to hear my fucked up childhood and early adulthood. Look that’s all in the past. It doesn’t really matter anymore. I mean I’ve been told it does, by my therapist on many occasions, but what does he know. Actually, scratch that he knows a lot. He’s actually nice. Probably need to schedule an appointment with him soon. I’ve missed a lot lately.”
Steve snorted. Sam and Bucky were now in their own corner, talking in hushed tones. Steve was happy for the two of them, but he was even happier he didn’t have to play mediator this time. The two rarely ever fought, but when they did…well Steve couldn’t get between his two best friends. So he played a game of “Where’s Waldo” until they eventually sorted it out.
Steve made sure Miles was buckled up safely in the backseat and then went back to the driver’s side.
“Right,” Peter laughed.
“Yeah, literally all love up until the day after. Like a few hours pass and it’s like he keeps growing distant.”
“Yeah, sure. You didn’t mean a lot of things. Just like you didn’t mean to hurt me, right? Just like you didn’t mean to leave me freezing and alone with a broken arc reactor in Siberia? Just like you didn’t mean to just leave a fucking phone and a letter and think things were solved? Just like you didn’t mean to make me deal with all of this alone.”
“Why did it all change?” Steve questioned.
“Yes, everything’s good. I was just asking if it would be fine if I could go to the movies with MJ,” Peter rushed out.
Jaime reached to grab Miles, but stopped when Tony waved at him.
Steve looked on with disgust as Ryder deteriorated before him.
And so they set out to build it, a mixture of actually building it, throwing blocks at one another, joking around, and taking turns to bringing snacks into the lab.
The tips of Harley’s ears turned a bright red as he looked down at their joined hands. He tried stuttering out a response. Julie smiled mischievously.
“Wanda signed?”
“No,” Ryder rasped hoarsely. “But…we’ll talk when I get home.”
Brixon
“When I built Ultron, I was doing that because my mind had played a game on me and showed me my greatest fear,” Tony whispered. “And that created a lot of bloodshed. I created a lot of bloodshed based on what was happening up here,” he said tapping his temple.
Tony winced. “You are right.”
Natasha hummed in the back of her throat and settled for a more comfortable position. She had no idea where this conversation was going or how it was related to him not signing the Accords, but she had told him she was going to listen and that’s what she was going to do.
Steve wondered whether that was a look of disappointment in Natasha’s eyes.
“Excuse me Mr. Stark, I have a delivery for you,” a man greeted coming up on the four. He was dressed in a black suit, shades adorning his face, and a bouquet of roses and a letter. Walking closer he held out the items to Tony.
Tony’s teeth suck into his lips, a moan escaping before his mouth had completely closed as Tony again got used to the feeling of fullness that Steve offered. Steve gave him a few more seconds to become adjusted, before getting the okay from Steve.
Both were uncaring to the bullet wound making a gaping hole in Ryder’s side. Neither did they care also for the strangled gasp that gurgled out of Ryder’s throat as his body reeled with the impact. He reached forward and pressed three fingers into the wound, watching as the skin gave way and stretched painfully.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony that’s a mouthful,” Steve inserted.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, gym doesn’t count. Plus we got a new gym teacher and everyone says he’s the worst,” Peter stated. “So can we please leave early?”
Steve stepped aside to grab some flowers and place them in a vase on the table.
“Yeah, then you said you didn’t want any, when I asked. So in my mind I had already set that I was going to eat this all by myself. It’s not my fault your sweet tooth kicks in every hour of the day,” Tony sighed bringing his paper plate above his head.
“It’s okay. You did it faster this time,” he mumbled against her stomach.
“Steve,” Tony whispered.
He would lift one shoulder in amusement, if something ever managed to amuse him so.
“Hey lover boy, your phone’s been vibrating for the past 30 seconds,” Clint said grabbing Steve’s phone from the coffee table.
Miles quickly decided to walk slower because for the past few days he hadn’t let Tony hold him.
“Oh, that was just Ryder saying that he had been called in for an emergency surgery and won’t be back until early morning.”
Tony wondered if he had a concussion.
He then sent off a text to Pepper who reminded him that she needed him at the office for some meetings he couldn’t miss and that this time she meant it. She had said she’d told Happy to not drive him anywhere else besides SI, no shortcuts or anything.
He answered with a dry, “Hello.”
“Smile? What smile?” Tony said with a deadpan expression.
“Yeah and then you would have joined like you always did,” Rhodey said, looking at Tony smiling as Tony laughed brightly.
Eva turned wide eyes to Isak. She hadn’t noticed the car that Ryder had driven in. However, she knew with how many times her husband spoke about cars that this was a highly expensive one. She touched him on the elbow.
wasn’t ready to deal with that. I wasn’t ready to announce that it was actually me that killed your parents.”
Bucky wondered if Clint could see the same. But looking at Clint now, whose eyes had widened curiously, Bucky knew that this team had never seen what Steve was capable of. But now Clint was getting a front row seat to it all.
“So anytime he’s able to get some rest even if for a little bit, I’d like for it to be uninterrupted. Ryder can call him later.”
The day went by faster than Tony knew it. Spending it with Steve certainly did help. He thought to himself that he should have had thoughts of wanting to spend today with Ryder. But he could honestly say he was thankful that Ryder had been called to do work abroad. Tony hadn’t even imagined that a day like this could exist. Nearly a year ago he couldn’t even imagine going to the store with Steve without an argument. Now here he was enjoying this winter carnival with him and wishing that it didn’t have to end so soon.
“Who told you to get a kid?” Ryder said running his fingers around Tony’s open mouth.
“Unc…Mr. Stark,” Peter rushed. “Umm, Miles went to his room. He doesn’t want to speak with you right now, but I think he’s just sad. Look Harley and I are watching him. We’ll make sure he’s okay. We’ll let you get back to talk to Steve. But…just…wherever you are just keep fighting, okay. We’re coming soon.”
Marley tipped her head back in consideration.
She would do it all.
“No, what do you think telling a thirteen year old to say goodbye to his mom,” Natasha said.
“Sweetheart,” Steve began as he ran his fingers against Tony’s spine, “Is there anything I can do?”
Natasha quirked an eyebrow at him and titled her head. Tony raised his hand in defense. “Sorry or I don’t know spying on some local bystander. Just nothing with me going to the orphanage. Nothing with me at all okay.”
“And you want to say you don’t need the Accords? The Accords are for those bad judgment calls. The Accords are a time to reflect on your actions and how it affects others. The Accords are implemented to make sure average day civilians are not freaking terrified of going outside their homes without Avengers going headfirst into some crisis and not looking back behind to see the damage.”
“What if the restrictions on our powers mean the next time we need to get approved for a mission a civilian gets hurt? Miles gets hurt? What if this all happens because we simply weren’t given the go ahead by our warden?”
Tony licked his lips not knowing what to say. What could he say to that question anyway? He knew that Peter was right. If the situations were flipped, he could only hope that Peter would come to him. He quickly through this thought away, knowing that he would do everything in his power to make sure that the three other boys in this room would never find themselves in his situation.
“Of Bucky killing Tony’s parents?” Natasha questioned fearful for the answer.
Tony shakily nodded, placing his hands over the ones that Steve had on his face. Steve leant down to kiss him on the cheek. Tony pushed his body a few inches away and motioned to the empty spot beside him. Steve looked concerned, having noticed the bruises and the way Tony flinched in pain as he moved his torso. However, Tony looked at him unwaveringly.
“Tony. It’s Natasha. I’m not going to hurt you okay,” she claimed trying to break through the haze that had settled around Tony’s mind.
Tony was like a brother to him. Sometimes he was the only one who was able to put forth as much energy to something as Clint did. Sure, they argued a lot, but it was never…well mostly it was never real anger. It was something shared between siblings, brothers. Clint remembered the many times Tony would come sit next to him, not talking, but knowing that Clint just enjoyed having another presence behind him. Tony knew how Clint didn’t like to always feel alone, because good things never happened when you were alone.
All of a sudden, he couldn’t stop his body from bowing over. Everything came to him at once and Tony stayed there all the same rubbing a hand across his back, whispering, “It’s okay.”
“What Stark?”
“Relax, Tony. Miles is going to be fine. If you want we can grab our food and go check on him.”
A few minutes later, while the two were discussing penguins Tony’s eyes blinked open. He stared at the two and allowed a soft smile to fall onto his face. His fingers that were still intertwined with Steve’s squeezed slightly once then twice. Steve turned to him, once he felt the movement and squeezed back. The two shared shy smiles and Tony let Steve’s smile carry him back into slumber.
“Already am asleep?” he questioned, eyes blinking slowly.
“52 days,” Ryder exclaimed giddily. “It’s been 52 days, since we’ve been together and they haven’t found you. Probably realized their resources were better spent elsewhere. So sad, is it not? You give your all to them and they don’t even give you an inch. I’m sure that if your precious Steve had gone missing they would have find him at the most within three days.”
Without saying anything, Bucky went toward Steve and motioned that he sit down. Steve complied and at the instruction seemed to slouch into himself. Bucky went to the stash of medical supplies they always had on hand in the gym and knelt by Steve. He took Steve’s hand in his and went about unwrapping the wrap and applying antiseptic wipes to Steve’s cuts. Bucky remained silent as Steve tried to control his breathing.
“And I don’t know why I’m even telling you this, but Rhodey says I should be more open and my therapist says I should talk things out. And I am tired of hiding in my own house. I shouldn’t have to do that.”
His eyes went toward his wrist and noticed it was bare. It shouldn’t…there’s no way. Every event that he went to he always carried some form of his armor on him. And that was through his watch, but it was gone. Panic seized him. Cali noticed his worry and shook her head.
“Sorry, fuck I’m messing this up. You’re just trying to be nice and I…I can’t breathe. Nat, I can’t breathe,” Tony rasped, hands clawing at his throat.
Ryder refused him and even pressed his hips harsher against Tony’s chest. He rocked his hips forward pushing his cock deeper into Tony’s mouth. Ryder let out a pleased moan as Tony chocked and gasped for breath every time he would pull out.
Clint reached over to pat his shoulder. “It’s okay Steve. You know I think Tony liked you too once upon a time.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, you have. Don’t lie to me,” Ryder said looking back to the bracelet hanging on Tony’s wrist. “You responded so well to me this time.”
Tony swiftly kissed Ryder on the forehead before sliding out of the booth. When he was gone, Ryder’s smile quickly fell off of his face. Not even a few minutes passed, before Tony stalked quickly over to their booth and grabbed his coat jacket.
“I think you always forget I’m a spy. I can do stuff like that easily,” Clint grinned broadly.
Natasha stopped them, before they could get in an argument. “Boys, we all care. Now, Sam please step forward present your Lego building and state your argument as to why you should win this Lego War.”
Then it opened.
“Would it be alright if I check on Tony, first? Then I can come down to visit the kids,” Steve inquired.
“Rules of which were never specified,” Thor asserted. “Therefore, it seems as though the only one who can decide whether or not I get a redo is the judge himself Tony. Tony, son of Stark, man of iron, brother in arms…will you allow me the honor of redoing my presentation?”
Ryder’s eyes never left his as he pushed down at Tony’s chest.
Tony closed his eyes, “I love you too.”
“Thanks,” Peter said.
“New York didn’t have good memories for me,” Isak said stiffly, keeping his eyes on the road before him and his hand on his phone, ready to call someone if this ride took a disastrous turn.
Tony pulled back to look at Steve, wanting that statement to be a promise. However, he struggled with himself seeing as though he hadn’t had the best luck with promises anymore.
“But sometimes it’s hard for me to think that I’ll ever just have this maternal nature. Kids are too fragile and they just need so much attention. I feel like I would crush them,” Natasha laughed, though it lacked any amusement. “I think I fit better as a part-time mentor than a mother.”
“I love you in the most indescribable of ways. But I want to live every day trying to show you how much I care. You are my heart in every single definition of the word. You are the one that holds me together, pieces me back when I feel I’m on the edge of collapsing.”
“See,” the young girl whined. “We just wanted to start the decorations, but the little black widows claimed we were doing them wrong and now they’re attacking us. Mary had to cut her hair two inches because they mixed glue with peanut butter and threw that into her hair.”
Harley clenched his jaw as though remembering did him a great pain. “Flash was just being an ass. Basically he was saying how Mr. Stark wasn’t a genius and it was only through his dad’s legacy that he was able to build something. Then he said if it weren’t for Ryder, Tony would still be seen as a…” he broke off not wanting to say the word that Flash had said.
“What does that even mean?”
“Okay,” Tony agreed.
“They’re not little girls,” Steve somberly addressed. “They’re little black widows and oh I think I see one trailing behind you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Miles didn’t answer and Tony tried pulling the covers away from Miles’ face. “Hey talk to me. Is it something that I did?”
Bucky knew that Steve’s mind had been changed. He knew that look. It was the look of a guy, who knew it was stronger to stay than to leave. He let his own bags fall back to the ground.
“But the worst thing that you could have ever done to me was not the fact that you didn’t tell me you were on a mission looking for Bucky, hell if it was Rhodey I would have done the same. It was not that we argued over the Accords. But the thing that hurt me the most was when I asked did you know you looked me in the eyes and I could tell that you knew. You knew everything and…”
“Miles if you roll your eyes like that they’ll get stuck,” Steve said remembering what his mom would tell him.
Steve nodded his head and looked to Tony’s hand and continued his work there. He knew that as long as he paid attention to fixing the hands, he could listen to Tony and try not to interrupt. After all hadn’t Natasha mentioned he should actually listen to Tony?
Steve scowled. “A granola and yogurt?”
“What do we do next?” Tony questioned, when both of them had calmed down and been satisfied that the other was still alive.
“Fine, but do not exert yourself. I don’t need you pulling stitches or anything. Natasha and Clint watch over him….actually Natasha please make sure Clint and Tony don’t manage to blow up the entire lab. You’re in control.”
Steve shrugged. “I don’t know. I mean it’d be hard you know with us basically staying on alert for if anything happens. But I know Tony has a plan implemented for Miles, if something were to happen when we need Iron Man. So…I don’t know he just seems lost and I think maybe it would be good to get him in a smaller environment to let him deal with his-”
At the mention of Miles, Tony froze up. He could not stand the fact that Miles had known and that he had placed him in a position to witness how his baba let someone hurt him. Tony did not want to hear that at the moment and Steve realized all of that without Tony even saying anything, but what he didn’t expect was the complete shutdown of emotion that passed Tony’s expression.
Everyone seemed to nod their head in agreeance and make their way to their floors.
“You only did for Bucky what I did for my brother. I assumed that he could change, but as to where you were met with success I was met with the same repetitive destructive repercussions that my brother leaves in his wake. Though this time it was at his own destruction.”
Steve knelt beside the boy. “Are you okay son?”
And it wasn’t even the small things that Tony did for him that he should’ve thanked him for. He should’ve thanked him for always updating his weaponry, without even asking for anything in return. Hell he should’ve thanked him for being the main reason they were all pardoned and allowed back entrance to America. Clint brought his head down to stare at his lap, thinking of all the times a thank you fell on his lips, but was never brought to Tony’s ears.
“I love you,” he whispered into Tony’s hair.
“Clint,” Natasha’s startled gasp. “Stop.”
“Hey, it’s Ryder. I wanted to know if you were ever able to get in touch with Tony,” Ryder questioned.
“What is with you and this whole thing? First Winston now you too.”
So starting now he was going to make sure he listened and was going to be honest. He wanted to be a better person for his team, for the people, and for Tony. After all if there was one thing Tony seemed very serious about in tonight’s conversation, it was honesty.
“Sorry,” Tony hurried out. “Sorry.”
“You have two hours, before he heads to the Raft,” Natasha explained. “If you want to do what you planned, before he’s gone. I suggest you do it now.”
“Shhh,” Cali hurriedly whispered. “They didn’t touch you. No one touched you. Ryder didn’t touch you and he didn’t allow anyone to violate you either. Tony. Tony look at me. If you center yourself and breath you’ll realize you don’t feel any pain down there okay. Listen, I’ve been here the whole time I swear. They only…they just…” Cali broke off unsure with how to follow. She leaned over to turn on the lamp in the room. “He wanted to make you believe that you were being violated to show you how much power you don’t have.”
“Don’t you think we should stop? I’m pretty sure this could give him alcohol poisoning. I didn’t sign up for murder,” Cali stressed out looking worriedly at Tony.
Natasha began to notice the state of panic Steve was succumbing to. She knelt beside him and took her hand in hers. He thought he heard her telling him to mirror her breathing. He always found it funny, mirroring someone’s breathing. His eyes remained unfocused and he tried centering himself.
“Never can be too sure,” Ryder addressed worriedly. “I would rather check to make sure everything is okay, then him blood hemorrhaging and dying.”
Tony stared at him wide eyed and wide mouthed. “Was that a joke? Please tell me that was a joke?”
So he had asked.
“But it’s over now. No more games, no more running in circles,” Steve said. “You have no more time.”
Natasha smirked. “But you can fix it. Though nearly a week later is crazy.”
“Tired?”
Isak looked down. “I…I’m not sure really. It’s just I was at home having a nice family outing with my family, you know since everything with my brother…and then some of your agents I guess…erm SHIELD came and picked me up. They didn’t really tell me anything, but maybe you could? I’m certain my wife is very concerned.”
Natasha helped bring Tony to his feet, smirking brightly. She led Tony out of the room. Clint turned to look at him.
Knowing full well that Ryder had never listened.
He figured she would forgive him, given the circumstances.
“Peter,” Tony quickly inserted before Peter could be given the chance to continue rambling. “Thank you for your concern. And trust me I’m being cautious. I have far more to lose than I ever had before.”
There was no one else in Tony’s room except…Ryder.
Then my writing imagination decided to expand that to nearly 20k (composing of 37 pages) of an epilogue. BTW I wanted to break this into two chapters, but I don't like to end things on an odd number. So sorry if it's so long. Take an intermission at the line break, during Tony's section starting with *Five hours previously* if you need to rest your eyes :)
Now all Tony needed to know was that once they got onto that battle field was that Steve had his back and trusted him to have his. He needed to know that there was not going to be an instance in which Steve doubted him.
Natasha ground herself closer more so to keep Tony upright. “Come on Tony. Just tell me what they gave you? You remember the color?”
“Tony.”
Steve looked down at his hands, running his hands over the healing marks where Tony had tried scratching his way out of his hold, screaming for Tony not to touch him. He could see Tony’s unfocused eyes looking everywhere, but to the man holding him as if he was terrified. Tony had nearly pleaded that they just let him go or that he didn’t want to wake up.
Tony looked back with as much concentration, blinked slowly, and tried to figure out what he wanted Steve to say.
“Do you ever shut up,” Clint asked, getting tired with hearing Ryder’s voice the more he talked. Honestly, he was debating taking out his hearing aids.
He tried to force back the acid.
Bucky was next, deciding to make sure Steve actually finished his meal before retiring to his own quarters.
“You should put a little quinjet on yours, maybe make a few little black widows, yeah? The girls will love that,” Natasha exclaimed.
Jaime laughed. “Rules? Sure, what rules do we exactly have in place?”
Steve left and threw on a shirt that was lying on his floor. He hadn’t a need to see if it was dirty or not. He was sure, it would get dirty with what he needed to do.
Four more days, before Isak/Ryder would be here.
Then there was the time in sophomore year, when Steve had dislocated a senior’s collarbone when he stated that he had plans to deflower Steve’s next door neighbor’s daughter, who was only thirteen at the time and then leave her by herself. When one of the boys questioned what would happen if she fell pregnant, the senior had said it would be fine. They didn’t expect much out of those girls in that neighborhood anyway.
Bucky turned sideways. “Nervous. I mean even when you were you know not this…” he motioned toward Steve’s body “…you always had confidence and power just radiating off of you. I mean it got you into a lot of trouble.”
The two of them stood there in silence for a few minutes. Ryder licked his lips and drew closer to Tony. Ryder pushed at Tony’s shoulder and Tony fell onto the bed easily. He looked up into Ryder’s eyes that were beginning to darken. Ryder ran his fingers alongside Tony’s chin and tilted his face higher to meet his gaze.
His knees pressed up to his chest and his cries grew hoarse. He feared no one would hear him scream, if Ryder came to get him. No one was here. It could happen just like last time. And maybe that time they would figure it wouldn’t be worth it to save him. So he needed to make sure that they knew how thankful Tony was that they came for him. They couldn’t see him like this and see what Ryder had done.
He watched as Pepper turned from Rhodey and brought her chair closer to Sharon to talk. He watched Bucky lean back in his chair and try to pay attention to the actual source of entertainment that was being provided for them on the stage at that moment.
He hung up the phone and began calling Tony.
They all hoped Isak was really Ryder because if so Steve was going to get the chance to show that he truly didn’t deserve anything as quick as a car crash, when he got through with him.
“Didn’t sign up for aiding in kidnap either, but look what we’re doing. It’s part of the job,” Miriam told her. “Look I love you because you’re my sister. But if you’re going to whine about this all day and night I can do this on my own.”
, his subconscious helpfully interfered.
He pressed his face to the cold tile floor and tried falling asleep, hopeful that in sleep his pain would stop and his awareness for how enclosed and alone he felt would cease as well.
He should be helping bring Tony out of this. Ryder had no-
Tony looked back to Harley and Miles who had looked shocked at the sudden departure from their playmate. However, they didn’t look shocked for long, deciding that they would just go play outside.
“We’ll play some more another time okay sweetheart. I think it’s time we head home,” Tony told him already calling Happy to pull around the car.
“So what’s with this plan of breaking me out,” Tony questioned. “And let me say sour patch I am all for it. Hospital food sucks.”
“Welcome home,” FRIDAY announced.
Clint sighed under his breath and began to slowly realize what was happening. He was losing his family in a war that wasn’t even his to fight. He had no problems with the Accords. Hell he knew it was the safest thing that guaranteed his children would be protected if someone like him didn’t have morals. There was one time he didn’t…
“Kotyonok you have to calm down. You’re going to work yourself into an attack,” she said soothing the curling strands of Tony’s hair. “Shh, it’s alright.”
He shouldn’t want any of this.
Clint shrugged his shoulders. “Whatever, Nat. You can tell him, but just know Tony that she’s probably blowing this story way out of proportion.”
Ryder would touch him in a bad way this time. He rarely handed out punishments himself anymore, but if he came back to see this. Ryder would touch him.
“Torture is such a strong word to use,” Isak said.
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha’s curt statement did nothing to ease Wanda’s silent unease. Natasha listened to Miles cry. She whispered soft words to him in hopes of calming him down.
But now here Tony was looking at Miles’ bedroom that was distinctly missing a little boy’s presence. His bed was still made and the nightlight in his room was nowhere to be found. He entered the room in hurried paces. There was no reason Miles should have
“No, I promise I’m awake. Steve we can watch a movie and I’ll stay awake. Look I can even go grab coffee, there’s no reason for me to leave right now. Look night time television is the best…okay actually it’s the worst. Nothing is on, but infomercials. So Netflix it is. FRIDAY girl can you que up Netflix?”
“Oh,” Tony whispered, suddenly holding the box reverently. “What is it?”
“No, let’s be honest Steve. Right here with just you, Sam, Natasha, and me. Your love for me made you go against the world, but your love for Tony isn’t strong enough to go against Ryder? If you truly love him, you wouldn’t let a note get in the way of things. I never knew the great Captain America would give up on a fight just because of some words on a piece of paper.”
, Tony quickly thought.
His body became cold and he couldn’t feel air enter his lungs. But Ryder kept talking and kept his hand pressed against his back as they moved through the hallways. His body felt limp and the space around him felt distorted. He could hear Ryder talking and it felt soft and muffled against the disjointed mess going on in his mind.
Steve grinned, “Oh I wouldn’t dream of anything else.”
, you know it’s literally impossible for me to function without you. Without your presence hovering over me reminding me that it's time to eat and sleep, you know, like normal human beings.”
He laid his head on Steve’s leg still holding onto his hand and gave sleep another try.
Steve said firmly, his voice hoarse from disuse.
“Hey look the birthday boy is finally here, Happy Birthday Cap, how old are you now? 104? 105?”
“Hey Tones, look at me. C'mon show me those beautiful orbs of yours.”
Tony had taken the seat right beside Steve’s bed and by his facial expression and the look of anguish and determination on his face he wasn’t going anywhere. The team wasn’t either. Sam along with Clint brought in extra chairs and everyone took their seats with Bucky sitting on the sofa Nat on his lap, and Bruce on the other side of the sofa.
“What is it that you want?”
He wasn’t doing a really good job seeing as Tony stepped forward and placed his hand on the side of his face, swiping his thumb on his cheek cleaning the tear tracks. “Hey it was no big deal. Just had to pull some strings.”
Steve woke up with a wince, and looked at his surroundings. Nothing was familiar, everything was dark except a simple light bulb that dangled on the ceiling. He looked around and categorized everything around him, his hands were tied with something resembling metal bands connected with chains above his head but when he tried to pull them apart, they wouldn’t budge. Go figure. He wasn’t lying on the ground as he initially thought, as he tried to get up but groaned when he noticed the ache all over his body. Slowly the events of the previous day came back to him, or was it more than a day, he no idea how long was he out. Adjusting his eyesight, he gave himself a quick look over and saw that he was shirt less but was easily able to see the bullet scars adorning his chest, and scratches from where the bullets only scraped a part of his skin on his arm. They were healing, albeit a bit slowly. Seeing as his only option was to either break out of the chains or wait for his team, he chose the latter one since the chains won't budge even a bit and waited for his captors to make demands. In his heart he knew it won't be easy, after all it was Hydra and if they captured him it could only be for only a few reasons.
“Tony?”
“It’s just that you told me a few days back when we went to lunch about your Dad’s watch, so I asked a few people to look for it. And when it came here it was a bit banged up the leather was torn; the crystal was cracked and it had stopped working so I improved it a bit and ta-da. I made the straps from top metal, they're super soldier resistant, just so you know. Also, the crystal is of the best quality and I updated its workings. It's officially the strongest and most resilient watch ever.”
Tony gulped and without another thought crashed his lips on Steve’s. Steve was shocked at first but caught up with the program fast, his hand going to Tony’s waist and the other on his nape. Tony’s lips were warm and soft and they parted granting Steve’s tongue to slip in. Steve was hyper aware of how Tony’s hands were running through his hair probably making a mess of them but it was last of his worries, not when tony let out a little gasp as Steve bit this bottom lip.
“Yeah yeah... um they’re still the one’s already in the watch,” Tony replied.
Steve squeezed Tony’s hand once more, coercing him to look up at Steve. Once their eyes met Steve could easily pinpoint why Tony was so hesitant in making eye-contact with him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve moved to the side even though his body screamed at him and patted Tony to move onto the bed.
“You know Tony, Steve wouldn’t like that you aren’t taking care of yourself, even if he was hurt.”
“Hilarious guys, where’s everyone else?”
Tony complied and looked at Steve, their faces a hair’s breadth from touching. Steve tilted Tony’s chin upwards.
“What do you mean he was
“What? You gotta be kidding me Nat! Shit, what are we gonna do now?”
“Wake up,
When they pulled back Tony’s eyes were misty and his lips swollen, and he was still clinging to Steve. “Happy birthday sweetheart,” said Tony with fondness and flirtiness in his voice, and Steve couldn’t do anything other than kiss Tony again.
So my exams ended a few days back and yes i know it took me too long to post this so thankyou for waiting!! just hang on for the ride we will soon reach the happy part ;)
Nat was lying on the couch in the common area while Sam was nursing a broken arm and impressive scratches all over his arm and torso that was showing through his suit.
“Is everything alright J?”
“Steve? Oh my god you’re up, oh let me get the doctor oh Steve, thank god you’re up.” Tony started rambling, his expression going from shocked to scared to chaotic in the timespan of a minute.
Steve said, holding onto Tony’s hand tightly his voice firm yet hoarse from disuse. Tony stilled making sure not to look at Steve.
Tony turned and a sincere gentle smile appeared on his face, “Whatever happens next, it’s going to be you and I; you hear me? Together.”
The voice held so much longing, grief and pain in it that Steve was bound to open his eyes. He concentrated all his efforts on opening his eyes and focused on the voice speaking. Slowly but surely his eyes started to open.
“God, Tony this is... wow. How did you even find it? Even I had no idea it was still there,” Steve said his voice trembling as he tried to hold in his tears and get a control on the cascade of emotions running through him.
The party went smoothly and soon everyone started leaving. When everyone other than the avengers and Rhodey and Pepper had gone they all sank on the couches or in Clint’s and Thor’s case proceeded to lie of the floor making themselves really comfortable. Steve looked around him and a grin broke on his face. This was the real face of the avengers, under all the armor, the suits, the battle hardened exterior, this was them striped from all of their masks. The team Steve had learnt to trust and call his family. Tony was sitting right next to him his head resting on Steve’s shoulder. Rhodey and Pepper had taken the side couch leaning against each other and Natasha was sitting on one side of the loveseat the other side occupied by Bruce.
“Bucky, we lost Steve; he was in the basement levels of the base we infiltrated. And the building started crumbling as soon as we got out, Steve was still in the basement levels.” Nat supplied.
“No, I'm fine Nat, you and the rest go back I'll stay you all need to sleep as well, I'll just sleep on the sofa, yeah.” Tony said, his voice low without looking at Natasha, his eyes still fixed on the numerous scars on Steve’s chest.
“The... the crystals at the center they’re still...” Steve choked out.
“Sir you are needed at the landing are immediately”, came JARVIS voice over the loud metallic music in Tony’s workshop.
Everything is dark and there is just too much pain around him. He really wants to move but it's as if his body is paralyzed, but at the same time there is a warmth around his hand and he knows he has to move towards it. Steve knows something is wrong, his body isn’t like what it used to be, and asthma attack couldn’t leave him immobile for some time now so why can’t he just open his eyes. Why does his chest feel like it's on fire? Before he could contemplate more, he felt his hand being squeezed and a weight being placed on his leg. Rather than his body becoming stiffer and more hurt by the increase weight placed on his leg, he felt relief flowing through his body and he could feel himself relax. The mere sensation of this feeling, this relief made him curious and he wanted to wake up.
There was pin-drop silence for a long time, everyone just absorbing what happened to their leader; until Tony picked up Steve’s hand, brought it to his lips, placed a kiss on it and a whimper escaped his lips followed by tears streaming down his face as he closed his eyes. It had everyone on alert and they felt as if they were watching their other leader at one of his most vulnerable moments. Slowly and silently, they begin to leave the room giving Tony some space and time with Steve alone.
“Yeah Steve you don’t need to thank me it’s nothing, I mean technically still your watch you know, it just went thru some places and people, or is it generations...” whatever Tony going to say next was cut off by Steve’s lips on Tony’s. Tony froze the only thought being is Steve kissing me? Oh god he is kissing me. Just as Steve started to pull away thinking this might have been a big mistake Tony got on with the program and slipped his arms around Steve’s neck pulling him back down and kissing him pouring all his feelings in it.
It was Steve’s birthday and all the avengers were gathered on the communal living room. It was more of a private get together rather than a full-blown party. There was Pepper and Rhodey, and Maria and a few other shield agents were also attending. But Steve’s eyes landed on Tony who was standing in front of the bar with Thor and Nat. Steve walked up to them listening to their chatter,
But Tony suddenly realized something was missing. More like someone.
Steve didn’t have a lot from his time in the 90's. They weren’t rich and having possessions valuable enough to guard were rare, but there were a few things he remembered to save even after he joined the army. Sarah Rogers was nothing but an extremely amazing woman and she tried her best to get Steve at least a few memorable things especially on his birthday and he kept them safe as if they carried secrets that might unlock a new world. After project REBIRTH and joining the army all those things were safe, he made sure of that, they were memories of all the happy times he and his mother had. One of them was a charcoal painting Steve did of his mother. He had taken up drawing as if it was ingrained in his nature. He used to be sick a lot and one of his favorite pastimes were to sketch people he was closest too; that included Bucky and his Ma. Steve drew it for his Ma’s birthday. It was a portrait of her sewing while sitting in a really old armchair in their small living room telling him stories of his Da while Steve sat at her feet, head leaning against her legs. The drawing was of charcoal and if anyone saw they’ll probably think it was just average but Steve loved it for when he showed it to his Ma, he could see the happy unshed tears in her eyes. Maybe the picture’s worth for him increased for it was his Ma’s last birthday before she passed away.
hey guys so yes I know I'm publishing this chapter literally after months but I was so so so busy, I can't even start listing the things I had to manage the last few months from exams to results etc, so sorry for making y'all wait but here is the second last chapter, and thankyou for sticking with me.
Natasha nodded in response and left; she knew arguing more will be of no use.
In the box was one of the most antique watches in the world, and seeing as it belonged to Captain America it probably costed around a few million dollars now. The watch was exquisite, the dial was just beneath an inbuilt compass surrounded by roman numerical. It had small authentic crystals embedded in its center. The crystals had their own story.
“Not exactly sir, Agent Romanoff and the Falcon just landed from the Quinjet and they're both sustaining injuries.”
“We don’t know Tony and we didn’t have the time to turn back and look for him, the building’s upper floors had all but crumbled and he was in the basement.” Nat said, her exhaustion and worry reflecting on her face
“C’mon Tony he’s clearly still quite young I think he’s nearing the 100-year-old mark”
The next time his conscious woke him up was when he felt tears on his face and someone lovingly petting his hair.
Steve bit his lip and tilted his face toward the ceiling.
“Harley said that he will be leaving in two minutes,” FRIDAY warned.
“Hardly would let you receive all the credit for my corruption. I was in the army Tony. I have no idea where the world gets off on me being a virgin,” Steve laughed.
Steve looked reluctant to let him go, but his hands grew loose in Tony’s grasp.
“I don’t drink anymore.”
“Rhodey I am hurt. I feel betrayed. How could you do this to me? You know that I was the director in this romance movie and to have you not admit that you were making moves all along on the love interest. I…see if I ever make you updates on your suit again.”
“He’s got someone. Sorry lady,” Miles asserted narrowing his eyes. “Mr. Steve loves him very much.”
Tony’s felt frozen. This was the first time Ryder had referenced back to his time at the unnamed place. The two of them had as if by silent agreement vowed to not talk about it again and so Ryder’s flippant disregard to what happened had Tony feeling shaken up. But he turned toward the camera and flipped his media smile on.
Tony searched for the right answer, before settling on, “I don’t know.”
“Told you Pep, he would want to get out. I’ve been trying to get her to let us break you out. But as you can see I’ve been unsuccessful,” Rhodey said, as he came back holding two thick blankets. “So the nurses said this was all they had. I don’t know why blankets are so thin at hospitals and not that comfortable either. But when I go back home I can grab some thicker ones to help with the cold.”
“Jeg vet ikke. Jeg skal svare.
He hadn’t talk to his ma like this in years, instead choosing to do it inwardly in passing. He wondered if his ma was disappointed that he had forgotten her in all of the mess that he had found himself in.
Julie herself didn’t even look shocked. Instead she just shook her head.
Steve shifted to make sure Tony was safe and not waking up. Tony only curled tighter and pressed his face against his chest. Steve looked down briefly, before he turned his attention back to the nurse.
“Look Harley, as long as you are respectful and kind to Julia I am certain that Natasha won’t have any issues. Besides your mom raised you right and you’re an amazing young man with a good head on his shoulders. As long as you treat Julia with the utmost respect and love she deserves, there won’t be a problem,” Steve instructed.
“Scoot over,” Steve whispered. Inwardly he was grinning from head to toe.
“Bucky still doesn’t really talk to me. I get that he’s recovering. So I know it’s a lot, but Tony…those ties have been cut. I sent a letter and a phone and not once did he use it. I was trying to protect him from the news of Bucky killing his parents, when I should have been protecting him from me.”
Clint eventually went back to watch the movie the others had chosen, when Natasha had yelled his name. Natasha watched as Clint walked in and tried seeing if there was a difference in how Tony and Clint had exited and then entered.
“You seemed to come up with some of those insults fairly easy,” Tony told him.
Steve pushed at Bucky’s shoulder as he passed him. When Bucky had left again, Steve turned back to his duty. Making sure that everything was packed away in the refrigerator, he took a step back and bumped into a body.
Rhodey sighed.
Sam rolled his eyes.
This time Steve did have the satisfaction of knocking him out.
“Dear, you’ve just made my night. And what happens if he decides to say no,” the voice offered. “I know you must have thought about that.”
Miriam turned a heated glare at Tony. “Such a beautiful man. Even the scars loitered across your body are like wonderful engravings on a canvas. I would much desire for my own mark to be upon your body.”
Karen smiled indulgently at Tony. “Tony everything is fine just as it was fine the last time you came. You have done so many great things.”
“Yes, he actually has quite the eye for architecture. I believe if he weren’t so occupied with mischief, he would probably be quite the household name in the world of architects.”
Tony looked unsure of that. “The popcorn’s getting cold. I should probably get back.”
“Now if this isn’t just a wonderful domestic photo op for some family magazine,” Clint dryly asserted. “Finally living out your childhood dreams of having a normal family, right Stark?”
Steve evened out his own breaths, his breathing having picked up from slight panic over Tony’s current state. Tony’s brown eyes met worried blue ones. Tony averted his gaze and shook his head, breathing still having a harshness and wheeze to it, sounding like Steve in his asthma days.
“But that’s okay we still have time. Natasha may sign, I think. Oh hey you know, Bucky and I had a nice conversation full of the warm fuzzies. I forgave him for you know killing my parents during his brainwashed lifestyle. It was really great. You know forgiveness really clears up your conscience and sets you free. I mean Howard’s crap about never forgiving anyone was stupid probably why he had no one around him. No one came to his funeral, but there were a lot of people at mom’s. She forgave. She forgave Howard for a lot of stuff she shouldn’t have-”
“Why?” Miles inquired placing both hands on Tony’s cheeks to wipe his tears then leaning over to do the same for Karen. Karen smiled at Miles’ actions.
He didn’t think he could ever love Ryder.
Steve opened his mouth to say something, but Bucky touched his elbow and tilted his head to the side. “He’s right. It’s been a long flight. We all need sleep.”
He remembered how he sent a shy smile toward Steve, after he had put the bracelet on and how they had grown together.
“You know if you had as much passion for fighting me right now as you did for loving Tony then maybe you’d be with him,” Bucky drawled, while kicking at Steve’s side.
“Family wouldn’t have left him alone in Siberia,” Pepper bit out.
He bit his lip. He stared back at Tony’s sleeping face and longed for the bright eyed expression of Tony. He let his thoughts stay between himself as he looked around the room. He was so caught up in his thoughts and looking at Tony, that he hadn’t heard the door open behind him.
“It’s fine,” Tony said truthfully wanting to get rid of the guilt seeping into Steve’s voice. It wasn’t his fault that he couldn’t help sort through these conflicting images of Ryder. It was like there was this dichotomy of good and bad where Ryder was concerned. Though now Tony wondered if there had ever truly been goodness inside of Ryder, or if only he had been fooled to believe so based on his youth and naivety.
“Okay, I’ll just leave a note saying where we went just in case they start-”
“I raise my five to your six,” Tony said, fingers scratching down Steve’s sides. He lightly tickled Steve’s ribs and smirked at how Steve’s body tensed up.
Tony felt the walls cave in on him. He wanted to propose in public? He didn’t know why he was surprised seeing as how Ryder truly didn’t know anything about him. Natasha placed a hand on his cheek.
And that was it.
“No, actually that’s not fair. What the hell were you thinking writing that letter to me professing your love or something? You don’t love me Rogers. I don’t know what’s happened between here and then because we’re barely friends! Plus did you just expect to write a letter and poof everything becomes like one of those Disney movies? Huh?”
Pepper shook her head. “Oh, no don’t do that Tony. After all you do need that insurance,” she joked. “But anyways back to the question because we steered away. Is there anything we can do to help you? I mean…like do you want to talk about it?”
Steve didn’t let that deter him though. He tracked Isak’s eyes as he opened the file again. Clint knocked on the door, three times. Bucky went back to Clint and received another black folder that was being handed to him. Clint’s eyes briefly matched Steve’s and Steve hesitated with knowing what was in the folder. He didn’t like the look in Clint’s eye nor the reluctance with which he gave Bucky the folder.
Natasha nodded once and pat him on the shoulder. “Wash up and get some rest. Also Tony spent this whole time worrying and did not go to sleep once. So make sure he gets well rested. In the morning, when I come to check on him I want those bags underneath his eyes to be lessened at least a little, ya?”
“It’s okay, Tony — I know.”
Tony accompanies Steve to supposedly find the best deal, but in the in-between, he finds himself panicking about how to ask Steve to move in with them instead. Maybe, Pepper suggests, he probably should ask Steve on a date first, but that only brought about a new set of anxieties. Tony hasn’t asked anyone on a date in a long, long time.
However, they move on in different directions. For Tony, it's completely (wholly, almost
) can't. Eventually, they finalize the divorce papers. Tony gets sole custody of their daughter and Steve cannot complain. He's allowed to visit them and already that's too kind of his ex-husband.
Three, Tony is at peace — rest — when they are alone, and that’s all Pepper could ask.
Should she then blame Steve and his attraction ( which, by the way, is blatantly obvious like a heart worn on a sleeve or a puppy waiting on his owner )? Pepper cannot bring herself to do so.
). The guilt of Peter still haunts his dreams and stains his hands. His new kitchen still has Peter's picture up, albeit hidden away in the darkest back of the shelves. Morgan wants a brother, but Tony can't bring himself to say yes or no.
_______________
Instead, there is nothing but hurt, hurt, hurt in Tony's eyes. He rips out his arc reactor -- his beating heart -- and forces it into Steve's hands. It crumbles under his calloused fingers and Steve sees now that this is what he's done. He's crushed half of his husband's heart despite the fact he promised to protect it years ago.
“I don’t get—“
It almost looks like it’s only Bucky who is holding Steve together, yet there is a peace to Steve, an acceptance. Pepper catches three words that come out of the Captain’s mouth —
In the long run, Steve is grateful that Pepper steps in between them and caresses Tony's cheek. "You can rest now," she says, and although it hurts to let go, Steve knows it's what Tony needs. It's what he deserves after all these years.
_______________
It takes all of Pepper’s strength to not go back on her words or doubt its authenticity. She couldn’t even allow herself to cry in front Tony as the light she grew too familiar with began to flicker into a fade. In these moments, after everything he has done, everything he has given, and sacrificed, he needs to know that he can rest. He needs to be assured that Morgan and she will be just fine — even if Pepper doubts she will be.
But when Tony comes home after a day of wrangling up the new recruits with Steve in tow, he still rushes to her at the front door. He stills kisses her tenderly and holds her tight in her sleep as if he was too afraid to let go. Tony never gave her reason to doubt his love, and so why was she wondering this now?
When Pepper watches them from the crack of the hospital door a second time, she finds Morgan rubbing her eyes, sleepy. Her tiny body burrows into Steve’s side and the Captain has no chance to say no. His big arms — still bruised and battered from the last battle — cushions her head as she power naps. How lucky was she, Pepper thinks, that so many people loved her husband so much to the point that their love overflowed to their daughter.
“There’s nothing to be ashamed about because it’s not true.”
“Tony, it’s alright. There’s nothing to be ashamed about.”
Tony, who has too much money, cries ). Yet with the wreckage of the Avengers HQ and SHIELD, the stipend is postponed and postponed and postponed, and Steve doesn’t have the heart to rush them.
What was equally frustrating was the way the captain was also responding to all of this. While he was excited for his own place, his new life, he moves with a sluggish agency. He lingers on everything he packed as if it was the last time he’d ever see it — like he’d never see Morgan and her smile again, or the sunrise sitting on the lake outside when he went on his morning jog, or Tony’s long lower lashes, his oil-stained hands, and the crow's feet by his eyes.
There is panic in her husband when Steve announces that SHIELD has finally given his stipend. Thus, the hunt for the long-awaited Brooklyn apartment begins.
When Steve sees Tony again -- he is more of iron and bone than flesh.
He rasps.
At that acknowledgment, Tony sits back on his seat and began to sink. He crosses his arms in front of his chest — first in defense then later in defeat. In the
Pepper caves. “You want him too,” she supplies, “and I’m not going to get in the way of you finding that quiet life — of you finding rest. If you find it in each other, then so be it. God knows you two deserve it. Just do me a favor and ask him now, Steve.
“What will you do with the retirement money?” Her husband jokes one night. Steve is over for dinner and Morgan is starry-eyed at all of her heroes, even when they are passing her vegetables.
and having tea parties with Morgan.
When they get Peter back, Steve is certain Tony will also get sole custody of their son and will finally cut all ties with him. But it doesn't matter. As long as they get their boy back, Steve is content.
he thinks. And perhaps, for his husband, it was for the better...
he thinks. This is how his world ends -- over and over again.
His light flickers out and Peter's breath hitches. Something cold washes over Steve at that moment.
It seems that the rest of the Avengers were also in between worrying for her husband and child ( caught in between worrying if they should get used to being a widow or wife, she joked ). If the Avengers weren’t asking about Tony, about how is or when he’ll wake up, they were looking after Morgan.
s to convince him she is. After he asks if she’s okay, Tony does a headcount and ask about everyone else.
Steve's heart collapses. It truly is the end of the world.
When he makes it to New York, 2012 -- just before the disaster -- he seeks out his husband a.k.a his then
he commands
He can't come home an old man with laughter lines and fully lived out bones.
Was in the way the smile lines on Tony’s face seem to be emphasized when he’s with him?
After bedtime duty, Steve comes down and Pepper pours out a bottle of wine. “For the adults,” she says as she hands one to the Captain. Steve begins to talk about Morgan's blooming talent and how it takes 10 sketches of Iron Man to get her to sleep. He mentions his experience in art school and the prospect of getting back to it now that he’s got time. Now that he can get that quiet life he thought he lost. Tony helplessly leans in and hangs on to every word. “You should,” he encourages with the hopes he can give him just that.
kind of defeat. Under his breath, Pepper could make out the faintest sound of the word
They talk like old friends about a clueless boy — a handsome boy with blue eyes, great manners, and a jawline that can cut.
Steve falls to his knees-- half ready to beg the same way his son has with a failing voice and repeated pleas. However, the worlds fail him at the sight of his husband.
“Who cares what they think? The only opinions that matter are yours and mine. You have no reason to be jealous,” Tony placates. “I am yours and only yours, when are you going to realize-”
When they made it to the outside garden, Steve was lucky to find that it was empty. The sun was setting, but there was still a nice warm breeze going about. He was thankful that it was warmer outside than what it was in the hospital. He led both of them to a spot near the cherry fountain, the sound of water being soothing to his ears, almost as soothing as holding Tony in his arms. Steve sat them down on a long outstretched bench.
“That experiment was awesome and also if I remember correctly, you joined in,” Tony stated.
Previously on To Need is Not to Want
“Sorry about that guys. I was hoping no one would see us in this state” Ryder said smiling warmly. “Tony had a panic attack. He just got too overwhelmed and cornered with everyone coming to him suddenly…he just froze and soon well…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony I’m going to be frank here. I just don’t know how you all can recover from this,” Rhodey admitted looking at Tony who began to slouch in defeat. “I’m not saying this with bad intent. It’s just you have put all your efforts into forgiving these people, when they don’t extend the same courteous. Especially considering how Steve led them on this wild goose chase for the man that murdered your only living family.”
“You okay?”
“Mr. Stark no offense because I totally appreciate everything you’ve done for me and like you’re super cool, but I’m not stopping. I can’t take a break. I have a responsibility and,” Peter’s sentence trailed off. Peter paused and looked straight ahead. “Look I just can’t.”
P.S. I'm super behind on comments, but I'll be responding to them very soon!
Natasha frowned. “Why? He knows you’ve been going there so why would it be a problem.”
Miles held onto Tony tighter as Tony tried placing Miles down in his seat. Eventually Tony was able to sit Miles down. Miles head rolled onto Tony’s lap and Tony let it rest there.
Steve walked them to their bedroom and put Tony on the bed. Tony looked at him slyly, spreading his legs open in invitation. Steve settled in between them, eyes hooding over like a promise.
“Why not?” Steve interrupted. “Why couldn’t I possibly love you?”
“You look great,” Steve said as he walked toward Tony. Steve turned to Ryder and looked warningly at him. “Text me when you get there safely,” he whispered to Tony.
“What exactly happened, Tony?”
And if this Steve didn’t find his way back to the Steve she knew and pledged to follow, then Steve would soon face worse things than 70 years of frozen ice. She would make sure of that.
Cali reached out of her jean pocket and handed her phone to Tony. Tony reached out, but couldn’t push his body forward. He painfully looked to Cali for help and ran off the numbers for her and put it on speaker. The phone rang. Tony held his breath.
“She said my name. So she’s not a stranger silly baba.”
“So he’s bored sitting perched in the hotel room and after hours of whining-”
Isa tried with all her might not to roll her eyes at Steve. He was asking a reasonable question, but her natural response over the months of hearing about him had become to roll her eyes.
He rolled to his side and curled into himself, struggling to find warmth that his body just didn’t produce anymore. Ryder only let him wear his underwear and he had taken his blankets and pillows, when Tony had tried to smother Ryder at night. Ryder had been sleeping, a heavy presence behind Tony. Tony had slipped from the bed and climbed on top of Ryder and tried to smother him.
Bucky placed the salt down. “Helps it boil faster. Now we just wait for the water to start boiling and then we can add the noodles. Hey, what’s that burning smell?”
“Tony, when we first met there were definitely sparks.”
Tony breathed out a sigh of relief that was cut off by Ryder placing his cock back into Tony’s mouth. Tony hummed in the back of his throat in pain as he felt the corners of his lips burn. Ryder looked down at him this time and looked at him angrily.
Miles by then had grown bored of listening to their questions and restlessly started turning around in his seat. He once tried to get up and leave. Thankfully May saw all of this and offered Miles her phone so he could play some games. Pleased with something to do, Miles sat back in Tony’s lap and stayed glued to the phone.
Tony hated when she was gone because she took the last bit of kindness that he had left.
“I have another meeting with my board execs. Pepper said apparently I need to stop rejecting my duties and since Miles is gone I can’t use him as an excuse anymore,” the lie flew easily off of Tony’s lips. He stood up and leaned over the bed to press a kiss against Ryder’s cheek.
