OMG! 2246 words just pure smut.  And I mean SMUT ;)
“Ahh!” I got a spank on my butt.
“Sir, I would…”
“You wanna watch a movie?” Steve smiled as he felt how the other man nodded into his shoulder. Jarvis switched the TV on and played some movies. Steve couldn´t have told anyone the names of the movies or what they were about afterwards, too distracted by the genius who allowed himself to be so vulnerable in front of someone for the very first time. They spent three hours sitting on the couch with Tony not sleeping, but keeping his eyes shut for most of the time and taking calm and slow breaths. Steve kept rubbing circles on his back and even rocking the man in his arms at some point.
“Did the mean alarm woke you up? Oh, baby. It´s okey. Shh…I´m here.” I pushed some strands from his face and kissed his forehead. “I know, sweetheart. It´s okey.”
I walked up to our living quarters with Tony fussing in my arms. “Steve” Tony mumbled as I made my way into the kitchen. “not’ungry, wnna sleep.” He closed his eyes and shifted in my arms. I had to hold him tighter to pretend having him fall to the floor.
“It happens that alphas get really protective over their omegas the first few days after they´ve bonded.”
"Please. Steve, please." He would know what I meant what I needed. He kissed me again and started playing with my nipple. At the end of it I was a whimpering and moaning mess.
I didn´t stop and just started sucking harder. He squirmed underneath me and I had to hold him down. His eyes were completely black as I gave a short glaze to his face.
It lasted an hour. Every time one of us moved we moaned and come shot from my cock between us. I mewled and whined the whole time. Caressed in Steve´s lap. With his pole stick shoved deep inside me. I felt so hot and kept unconsciously rubbing my body against his muscular wide chest.
Tony looked upset up at me, but before he could start crying, I grabbed the toy duck I had mentioned earlier and gave it to him. He curiously started inspecting it and while he played I had the chance to wash him. When I finished I grabbed a towel and my baby boy out of the tub and dried him. I put a diaper onto him and brought him back into my bedroom where I sat him down for a minute to show him one of the onesies.
(Steve is a sheep. Guess I´m the first one to compare human perfection to our dorkiest animal. But that´s what fanfictions are for.)
As members of the team started reading out battle reports Tony sunk deeper into his chair and fell asleep. He woke up to a laughing Clint and a Natasha who threw paper balls at him. Tony responded with a groan.
We got comfortable in the bed with me supporting his head while I feed him the bottle. At first he refused and gave me some bewildered looks but as I told him that there was no way he would get around this, he allowed me to give him the bottle.
“Dinner?”
It was so cute seeing the baby wake up and looking completely confused when he found the pacifier in his mouth and it made me so happy to hear him call me daddy. I couldn´t but not tickle him to make him laugh that beautiful laughter of my cutey.
I move upwards and positioned myself between his spread legs.
“NO! You brought me into this room. You gotta bring me out, right now! Not staying in the same room with this... thing.”
"Let's find out." He crashed his lips onto mine. He held my waist and I put my arms around his neck to get him closer. He licked at my lips and tried  to get entry but I denied him. I would have the power. "Tony!" Steve growled, but I kept my mouth shut.
“Do you like my robe, Steve?” I grabbed the seam of his panties and lightly dragged them upwards so that they rubbed over the omegas hole and cock. Tony whined and the sweet scent of slick filled the air. I growled. His body was already preparing for me. I would treat him so good. A knot pumping him full of my cum my mark on his neck while he would be making those sweet sounds in my arms. I loved him so much. I would protect him forever.
“No Tony, it´s okey. I don´t really know. One moment I was sure I was gonna die, crashed into the ice and everything just…” He gave me a nervous laugh. I grabbed his hand and kept looking into his eyes. He swallowed. “But then I woke up here and I´ve no idea how I´m supposed to feel. I mean it´s wonderful of you to let me stay here and everything is just perfect and I know I should be happy and dear lord I am but…it´s not that easy. I still remember all those things, the war, and for me it had been just a few months and I´m sorry. I shouldn´t tell you those things, because I know there were worse things that happened to you.”
“Just for me, sweetheart. Don´t worry I´ll take care of everything” he said as he pulled my pants down and positioned me over his cock. I held onto his shoulders and looked into his now nearly black eyes as the tip of his cock slowly breached my rim. I moaned out loud as he kept pushing until he bottomed out and I whimpered against the skin of his shoulder. I was able to feel his pulsing member deep inside me. His hands settled on the back of my thighs as he started to lift me up again just to let me slide back onto his cock. He grunted.
Most of the team was outside doing some shopping or whatever they are doing. I grabbed a hot mug coffee and just sat down on my couch. Finishing some designs on my tablet and watching a movie in the background. Just to have some sounds.
“But the plan went perfectly, we had it all decked! Until you decided you knew what was best for the team, changed the plan and nearly got killed!”
“I´m not going to sleep.” I could hear Steve´s sigh trough the door.
I remember sitting cozy in the kitchen in one of his sweaters drowning in his scent with him feeding me pieces of fruits and spoonfuls of my favorite cereals.
I will deny it later but I pouted at that.
“Tony, I´m not going to discuss this with you. It´s an easy rule: No coffee, alcohol or energie drinks while being little, and don´t try me on this one baby. It´s for your own best.”
“Steve….Ahhhlpha!” Tears streamed down my face he met my sweet spot everytime. He tried to sooth me with his hands which were rubbing over my sides. His eyes were dark and he opened his mouth slowly.  I craned my neck and exposed my throat with the scent glands which were sitting heavy under my skin. He closed his mouth and his teeth pierced right into my bonding glands. I felt thousands of things. I was able to feel the bond between us the arousal shooting through my body the tingling in my limbs and so much more. I screamed as I started coming right between us and his knot swelled. His come started filling me up. He was still biting into my neck.  I trembled. It was an overwhelming feeling. Steve´s name was the only thing on my lips. He let go of me and looked at me.
“Alpha?”
Clint rolled his eyes and sat down on an armchair which stood close to the couch. He ate his nachos as loud as he could but not before huffing and showing Tones his tongue.
Tony went back to lying limp in my arms but every now and then he eyed Clint suspiciously.
“Tony...I” My voice stocked as Tony laid a hand on my chest and slowly drew his hips forward. My eyes followed the movement until he settled down on my lap. Each leg on either side of me. He made sure to press his butt against my groin and made shallow thrusts. My vision nearly turned red.
After more minutes he pulled his fingers out. He stood up and got naked as well before positioning his cock in front of my hole. He looked into my eyes and pushed all in in one long and slow thrust. His cock was longer and bigger than anything I've ever had inside of me before and it still burned even tough he prepped me, but at the same tim it felt better then everything I've ever felt and I knew that he ruined me for anyone else. He was the only one who could make me feel this way.
I bit my bottom lip and Steve slowly captured my lips and started a long and dirty kiss. Right as he slid his tongue around mine he pushed another finger inside. I broke the kiss and moaned. A small string of spit was connecting our mouths.
I snapped out of my calm state as a loud growl ripped through the calm atmosphere. I looked at Steve. With blood tinted eyes and tensed muscles his whole being screamed danger. I felt a whine escape my lips and tried to follow his gaze to see what was disrupting this domestic moment.
“I promise I will never hurt Tony.”
I closed my eyes just concentrating on the feeling of his fingers moving over my skin. His fingers drew circles as he moved his hand farer down the back of my neck. His touch just too shy of touching my glands. I smiled to myself. I will miss these moments. As soon as he finds a mate he will surely stop being so affectionate. He will be a great and loving partner and his mate would be perfect of course. Someone who is truly worth Steve´s love and time. Maybe a beautiful and smart omega women who will give him a bunch of cute little super soldier babys. He wouldn´t have the time to think about me anymore. He would meet her on one sunny day asking her out on a date and then asking me for advice on how to dress and how to woo her and I would help him. I would stand by his side as he married her and smile at him not showing how it broke my heart to know that he would never be mine.
Steve´s lips broke into a soft smirk and he looked up. How could eyes possible shine that bright?
Our two dorks get into a small argument because one genius thinks he´s a machine and maybe he´s alittle bit embarrassed.
Just request your prompts. I´ll try to bring it into the story.
Every thrust met niw my prostate and I moaned constantly.
“Tony, baby I need you to listen to me now very careful. Can you show me your beautiful eyes for a moment.” I waited until he turned his head and I had his whole attention. “You´re not a mess. You´re the most kindest and smartest baby I know and you´re my hero. Howard was never able to be as perfect as you are and don´t let anyone tell you it´s wrong to let others take care of you and be vulnerable. I promise you whenever you feel the need you can come to me, no matter if you´re big or little.” Tony had big eyes and a blush on his cheeks. Shy he shoved his head back into my neck. I patted his head softly while my other hand still hold him securely under his butt.
(See the end of the chapter for
He needed the time to be shown he was worth it and that he deserved to be cared for. That he could trust me and at some point the whole team (well not like I would ever exchange the caretaker-role with anyone else, not even someone on the team. Tony´s MY precious boy). That it was the right thing to do to accept his little headspace and how good it would be for him.
I tried to keep it a secret. I needed to get used to the change, before I told anyone. The only good thing about it was that know I was single, I got a little bit closer to being with Steve. I fell in love and Pepper saw it too. She didn´t deserve this whole shit. She deserves someone who keeps care of her and is a loving husband. Hopefully she will find someone better.
I looked at the floor and felt the heat rising in my cheeks. I really spent the whole night in his arms. He didn´t get much sleep.
“They wouldn´t have been in danger if you had just listened to my orders? Why do you keep disrespecting me?”
“Let´s sit down Tones. It´s going to be just another boring day. Completely normal. There´s nothing for them to see.” I rolled my eyes and stuck my tongue out to Clint. We sat back down on the couch. Steve took a book from the side table and started reading.
“I think I can hear them trough everything you´re pretty loud even when you´re not talking. You´re still exhausted Tony. Go to bed. I´ll wake you for lunch, promised.”
“Yes.” I kissed him and shoved him closer, until our upper bodies were completely aligned. When he rubbed over my cock again and I felt this damp spot by his hole through my trousers I wasn´t able to hold back a moan. He smirked and continued to do so. “Tony.” The pheromones in the room got even stronger.
“Who says that, Tony.” I already had a suspicion.
I watched his fingers move and my skin grew impossible hot. Sweat was all over my body.
“Still missed you.” He sat down on my lap and rubbed his ass over my groin. I felt my erection grow and he started sucking on my neck.
Steve sighed and looked at the other team members. “Ok, I think this meeting is over.” He stood up and picked Tony up. Tony refused to get back down on the floor. Steve just carried him to the living room in the Avengers store and sat down on the couch with Tony on his lap. Tony crossed his arms and avoided his eyes.
“But…”
“Tony what´s wrong with him?” Bruce´s gaze fell on me. Oh, that Steve didn´t like.
I took him over to the bathroom and started to fill the bathtub with water. He fuzzed a little bit as I took the shirt from his head which was now covered in food and sticked to me and his diaper which he had clearly used. He stood naked in the middle of the bathroom. I turned around to grab some shampoo and shower gel and when I turned back around. I saw his naked bottom escaping out of the room. How did he managed to move so fast and quiet I didn´t even hear my baby. I gave chase after him and it took me nearly three minutes before I catched him around the middle and had the giggling boy in my grasp. To prevent further escapes I directly sat him into the bathtub which had filled during the passed time.
I felt tears roll down my face.
“Don´t apologize, I…You should just know that if you ever need to talk to me you can always come to me or hell if you don’t feel comfortable talking to me I promise you the others are just as willing to help, or we could look for a therapist. I know some good one’s or we could…”
Oh, that felt good. He started massaging harder. Kneading my cheeks and occasionally pulling the skin so that my hole stretched around him and I made more moans.
“Lunch. I said you would stop skipping meals and I meant it.” He sat up and put his arms around my neck.
“I know. Just wait some more minutes. You´re so good, sweetheart.” Some days ago Jarvis helped me to order some supplies I could need while taking care of my baby. For example a bottle. I prepared one and filled it with honey and warm milk. While I did that I hummed some tunes I remembered from my childhood and felt Tony getting heavier in my arms. The bottle under my armpit I brought him to my bedroom and put him down on my bed. He didn´t open his eyes even as I rubbed his stomach softly. He twitched slightly smiled and tried to turn away. Oh, so he was ticklish. I noted it for later.
“Thanks.”
“You two have been fighting for months. I don´t think you ever had a normal conversation. In order to change that we´re going to try something. You two will spend the next 24 hours together and if you fail to stay together in this sweater well let´s just say you really don´t want that to happen. Now come here.”
Daddy took a long look at me. His eyes sprinkling and I giggled. Daddy pecked my nose again.
I stood up too and stretched my arms. I felt Tony´s gaze on my muscles and tried to show them off without seeming too obvious. Tony´s eyes grew larger and a smile played at the corner of my mouth. So he did like strong alphas.
“No way.” We put the clothes on and went to the hall. I was walking behind Tony. Those shorts showed the curve of his butt just perfectly. Not like I was watching his bubble butt bounce from side to side as he walked and just gave his hips enough swing to leave me drooling. (Hahaha, can´t believe I wrote that. Don´t know if I should be ashamed. Am not ;) .It´ll probably get worse. Not sorry)
Maybe it was time to show Tony how weird his protectivness over the couch was and I already had a plan.
“The great Tony Stark.” I tried not to shiver. Not to show how afraid I was of what was coming. They wouldn´t kill me, but they would get close. There were times I would get unconscious, by the lack of oxygen in my body and wake up on the cold floor of our cell with a concerned Yinsen leaning over me. The man laughed. “Do you want to keep going?” “Burn in hell.” I growled at him. My voice was thin and tiny after everything that already happened. Too tired to scream. The man gave a sign and they pushed my head under the water. I struggled against their hold, but it didn´t help. After some time they let me back up and I just had enough time to take a fast breath, before they pushed me back down. They managed to do it four other times before black spots appeared in my vision. Tears filled my eyes and something broke in me. I started screaming and got a full panic attack. My body shook and I heard my heart beat getting louder and faster. Everything hurt. “No. Please!” I cried and screamed but they ignored me and kept pushing me down. I needed air. My lungs were burning. I opened my mouth but it just filled with water and I started choking.
“So you´ll wake me up?” Please don´t, I kinda enjoy being snuggled up with you in bed and just resting.
"I'm ready, Steve."
“I love you Tony and soon everybody will know it. You´re mine now.”
Well, now I´m at the point where my template ends and I´ll actually have to come up with new ideas and i´ll be completely free with what to write.
“Captain´merica.” I picked a onesie that looked just like my suit. I put it onto my baby while he just kept looking at me like I had brought him the stars from the sky. When I finished I sat him in my lap on the bad and started cuddling him again and he did the same.
No one answered me.
I'm in love with an idiot.
I grabbed his shoulders just to have something to hold on. What the hell? I thought I was supposed to be the playboy and now he managed to overwhelm me. But I still wanted to feel more. I grabbed his shirt and shoved it up. He let me but before I could do more he had my hands pinned down against the couch and my shirt torn apart. He held me down with one hand and moved the other one over my abdomen. I shiveeed and panted hard.
“Stark, let´s get…”
I felt something in my mouth. When did I put it there. I tried to suck on it. It felt…good. I said hello to daddy but my voice sounded funny. But I wanted to say hello to daddy and that didn´t work while having the thing in my mouth so I grabbed it and sat it between us and looked up at daddy.
"We don't want for any of that junk to get on your perfect precious couch, right?" With that Steve my dear and friendly Steve love of my life stood up and left the room to prepare dinner.
I suddenly remembered yesterday. Fuck! How could I mess up that bad? What was Steve thinking about me now? Would he tell the others? Kick me out of the team because I acted like a freaking child? I was already at the edge of crying. Okay, calm down Tony. Steve wouldn´t do that.
Tony grumbled an ‘Ok’ , but I knew this rule would cause some problems in the future.
“Of course.”
“Thanks.” Tony started blushing again. It was cute how the faint pink painted his cheeks.
“Hey, Tony.”
“Hey, it´s alright. I´m right here. I´m not leaving.” He layed his hand on Tony´s back and drew him closer, before he started drawing soothing circles on his back. “How about we get one of your bots to bring us something to eat and afterwards we watch some movies and you can lie down on the couch.”
“Come over here.” He held his hand out to me and I couldn´t deny him anything when he looked at me like that. I took some steps forward and wanted to sit down, but a hand grabbed me and pushed me flat on the couch with my head pillowed in Steve´s lap.
He lifted me up and carried me bridal style to my room. I hid my face in his chest and let my tears flow on his shirt. A little bit ashamed for letting my guard down that easily. He patted my hair.
Steve stood up too. “Jarvis, where is Tony?”
“Tony, wake up!”
Nobody knew that Pepper and I broke up. I knew it was coming and it was probably for the best. We both saw that we wouldn´t get anywhere with this relationship and it just caused problems.
FLUFFY FLUFF TO FLUFFY FLUFF
“No one else will ever touch you.” His tongue licked over his mating bite and a shiver ran trough my body. Oh god I needed it so bad right now. He started walking us to his room and sat me on his bed my head screaming in anticipation. He leaned down and I closed my eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
I murmured “You´re already my everything, sweetheart.” and gave him a peck on his head before I closed my eyes again.
“Would you like blueberries in your pancakes, sweetheart.”
Are you guys going to watch the Avengers movie? And honestly I have no idea what's going on with Thanos. Dude I swear he literally has no friends at all and why does he even give a shit if half the universe is there or not?
“What are you doing?”
“Hello ladys. Clint is in the house.” I rolled my eyes and Tony groaned. Clint was wearing pink glasses and a big smile, which meant trouble. “Stand up. We´ve planned something for today.”
Steve´s sleeping form grumbled and frowned. I made my run before he could wake up. Running down to my lab.
Blueberries! “Yes! Daddy please, can I please please.”
“My baby boy is awake.” I laughed. Daddy gave me a kiss on my nose and started tickling my sides.
“Tony…” And there was Steve with his fond and genuine smile. I squirmed in my seat.
“I … want to feel you inside me, please...ahh there. Want your knot and your claim on me. Please, alpha, ahh…” Tears already started to form in Tony´s eyes. I leaned up still pinning him down with one hand on his trembling stomach and shoved my pants and sweatpants down. Tony´s gaze fell immediately to my cock. I was already hard. Surprise. I got down to Tony again and started pulling the lingerie from his body. It was beautiful but I needed him to be completely naked for the first time.
"Shh" Steve kissed my thigh. "It's okey. I've got you." Steve waited some minutes until I calmed down and then he moved my thighs apart and spread them. He grabbed the lube and out some on his fingers before warming it up.
“You know what, alright. That´s just what I´m going to do.” It took Steve one second to get his left arm around my waist and he stood up. It happened so suddenly I had to sling my legs around his middle to keep me from falling down.
“I´m fine, I guess. I mean it´s odd.” He scratched his neck.
“Are you sure? You look really tired. Just finish the things tomorrow. Now better go to sleep.” That was the moment I saw red.
My belly started to hurt. Steve was still coming and it worried me a little bit. But I better didn´t let him know that. I knew that my stomach was already blown with all the cum filling me.
Tony slowly started to calm down and I recognized that he needed a diaper change. Maybe that must have made him uncomfortable. Tony snuggled closer into my embrace and closed his eyes. I sighed and carefully lifted him up. He gave me a small whine but quieted back down as I cooed him again and rubbed his back reassuringly. I got the changing mat I´d bought and placed it on my bed before I sat him onto it.
“No, I´m not standing up.”
After dinner Tony went straight to his room. He was so lovely I wished I could keep him in my arms for eternity. I stayed in the living room and sat down on the couch. Jarvis switched on the TV for me and I started watching the news. Of course not before I asked Jarvis to call me as soon as Tony got any kind of nightmares. Five minutes after Tony had left the room, I heart a door open and footsteps coming closer. I looked up to see Tony walking to me.
It all left me feeling kinda …
“No problem.”
Tony takes matters into his own hands and lures Steve into bed.
“You´re mine.” His voice was far lower than normal and it made something in me snap, because I instantly started to leak as I reacted to his dominant alpha pheromones.
“Mine.” Steve´s eyes turned red and he growled again. I felt my hole now steadily producing slick preparing for what would be coming. I was 100 percent sure he was able to smell how willing I was. He was so damn hot, fuck. He smiled and put his hands on my ass before he pushed me closer. So HOT! Steve lifted me up and positioned me on his hips his hands kneeding my ass while my back was pressed against the kitchen wall.
“Tony, you won´t die. Stop being dramatic.” Tony showed Steve his tongue.
I started fidgeting. Were there any projects I needed to finish. Well SI would just announce our next release in two weeks. What about updates for the team. Maybe I should give Nat something as an apology, but she was the one who brought me into this situation. Ugh, damn. Why was it so freaking quiet. Math, math will help. Easy. 1 2 4 8 16 32 64 128 256 “512 1024 2048 4096 8192 16384 32768 65536”
I got to work. Tony refused to look at me while I got him out of his clothes and into a diaper. I might or might not have watched some videos on how to change a diaper. I got him into an old shirt of mine which was very soft and too big on him and left his legs bare. Of course Jarvis got me also some onezies but I would leave them for later. We would start small for the beginning.
He dreamed that night, but not about the aliens attacking the world or seeing his best friend fall down the train and he wasn´t able to save him. No, he actually had a good dream. He saw his mother smiling and laughing as they sat in their kitchen with family and friends. Even tough they never had enough money, she always managed to make the best out of every situation andof course he also dreamed about Tony.
“We´ll find out about that one.” Steve leaned down and captured my lips.
“You´re taking risks, stop being so damn stupid! We´re a team and I´m the leader!”
Even Natasha smirked for a small moment.
Everything was happy and perfect until suddenly the sheep was gone. I started calling for the sheep. I gave him the name...Uhhh....I called it Steve, okey? Stupid mind makes up stupid dreams. I called for Steve and then the sheep returned. I didn´t wanted it to leave me again so I clinged onto it and didn´t let it go. The sheep tried to get me down, but it didn´t work out.
Hope you enjoyed the chapter. :)
“Tired.” He heard the sleepy voice mumble. “I know, but you have to eat something. You can sleep right after. Just eat, please.” Tony didn´t stop frowning but he opened his mouth and accepted the food. He almost managed to eat the whole plate before he started to refuse and hid his face in Steve´s shoulder.
I removed the dirty diaper and wiped him down, before I powdered him and put on the new diaper. When I came back from putting everything away my boy already went back to sleep. My heart swelled as I saw him looking so peacefully and sucking on his thumb. Maybe I should try a pacifier. At least they were cleaner as a thumb and I didn´t want my little boy to get sick. There was also the chance that he would stay in his headspace when he woke up in the morning if there were more factors making him feel small (e.g. a diaper, a pacifier), because if there was one thing I knew than it was that he needed to be little for some days.
I opened my eyes as I heard my distressed baby cry out for me. My alarm clock had gone off, as I usually would have gone for a morning jog and already stood up at 4, because I didn´t need much sleep. Since my baby hadn´t gotten much sleep in the last days, it clearly had woken him up too early and Tony surely didn´t like it at all. Tears welled up in his eyes and he started wailing. His face turned red and he sniffed.
I hoped you enjoyed the chapter now that we finally got some action. I mean I love fluff but C'mon we´re all here for the smut.
“I´ll make sandwiches you want some?”
He took some steps into the room, barely able to keep himself on his feet. Everything inside of me screamed at me to run over to him and gather him up in my arms to bring him into his bed…just to sleep! But I stayed strong at least for now.
“Tony. Stop worrying.” Oh fucking Shit. How am I going to handle this. I fucked with Captain America and now we´re bonded. Captain America shoved his dick in my ass. And his cock is just so huge and long and thick and delicate. Looks so good. I nearly started drooling. And he can hear everything I think. Fuck. Fuck. Think about something else brain. A dying puppy getting eaten by nick fury... and he has so many muscles. He could keep me safe so good. So strong. My alpha is so strong and good and perfect. My omega brain purred in pride of having gotten such a perfect mate.
“Pancakes.” I shouted as loud as I could. “Pretty please, daddy.” Daddy looked at me funny and then moved to the kitchen.
“No!” Steve looked at me surprised.Fuck, I didn´t intent to say it that loud. “Sorry, Steve. I didn´t mean to scream. It´s just...I...”
“You´re going to eat something, Tony. Breakfast is the most important meal and you are already way too skinny.” He blushed just as cute as yesterday.
“Yeah, but you need to understand that even a brilliant and talented genius like you needs to eat and sleep.”
“You like that?” I nodded.
“Steve, I want to bond with you. I want to be yours.” I stopped breathing. My mind was screaming “Omega” and “Mine” and every other thing just stopped. Tony was perfect and I loved him for what felt like ages. We just had our first kiss some minutes ago and it was the best feeling I ever had in my whole life. I would do anything for him. And now he said he would like to bond with me. Wanted to have the strongest of all connections with me. I felt like crying but the arousal stopped it from happening.
His breath was hot against my skin and I shuddered. Steve's smirk grew larger.
“Hey, hey, calm down. I´m sorry, I didn´t intent to insult you.” I stepped closer and layed a hand on his shoulder. “Of course you are strong. You´re even one of the bravest and strongest man I know. You saved the world, Tony, multiple times. I´m proud to be your friend.”
“Eat up.”
“Those are extremely private information about sir, but after what happened yesterday, I think I can just tell you, after you must have figured most of it already out. But I trust you to not use it against Sir, if you do I will harm you in every possible way.”
I watched him as his sleeping body at first bit some times onto it before he started sucking. I stroked his face and after that pulled him back into my embrace under the covers.
Steve looked at me. His gaze was concerned.
Today was one of those lazy days. The whole city was quiet well as quiet as you can get it. I mean it's New York. No one really seemed to do anything important. There wasn't even a supervillain who tried to take over the world or over a Dunkin Doughnut store (it really happened and I have no idea why they called the Avengers for this idiot).
I breathed calmly and closed my eyes.
We followed Clint and he stopped in front of a big hall. “Here.” He gave us some bags and pointed to another room. “There are changing rooms. Come back when you´re ready.”
“See something you like?” He stopped right in front of me an looked intensely into my eyes. My blood started rushing downwards and I nearly growled. My inner-alpha demanding to mount and claim the willing omega.
I stayed where I was. “And what if someone enters trough the window?”
I already felt the wetness between my cheeks as Steve kissed me. I went limb and closed my eyes as his hands found my ass and started pulling me closer and moving my hips in circles over his groin. I groaned. “Steve. Ahhh, Alpha!” He nestled on my neck.
“Orange juice or water?” Tony looked at me like I just said something crazy.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Steve.”
I considered making a run for it and spending the rest of my days in Mexico with false papers, but I knew Natasha would find me. Even Steve hesitated for a moment before he stood up. We stood side to side in front of Nat. I guessed I should try my luck one more time.
I opened my eyes and snapped after air. My lungs were burning, but I slowly started to get everything back under control. It was just a dream. Oh god, what was wrong with me? As soon as I calmed enough down to get my heartbeat back on a normal beat I recognized that I was still sitting on Steve´s lap. Steve. He was looking at me and those were his hands on my shoulders. What would he think about me after everything that just happened.
“But…” He started pouting and tears appeared in his eyes.
In the end I put some orange juice in a bottle and started feeding my angel.
"You...ahh like holding me down?...oh holy jesus that feels good... ahh"
(See the end of the chapter for
“What are you doing?” I tried to sit up, but Steve held me in place with a hand on my shoulder.
“I´m making dinner.”
The post-battle-adrenalin was still rushing through my veins. Although we BOTH ranked of sweat and were in need of a shower I was willing to spend the next hours arguing with him.
“Please come in, alpha.” I whined. “I don´t wanna be alone, please Steve.”
I leaned back in the couch and pulled out my phone. I tried to concentrate on the things I was doing but my mind kept drifting back to Steve. We managed to stay like this for about an hour before Steve´s stomach growled. Right, supersoldier metabolism.
Daddy turned us around and lifted my shirt up. Then he leaned down and blew a raspberry. I couldn´t hold my laughter. We played for a while and when daddy stopped teasing me, I had tears in my eyes. It was so much fun.
Tony kept his eyes closed but wrinkled his nose and pouted adorably probably because I didn´t let him go back to sleep. I smiled. My cute little boy. He already had me wrapped around his finger.
“No! Help!” I couldn´t breathe. I needed air. Why was there so much water? Why didn´t they let me back up. I felt tears running down my face even though my head was already under the surface. They grabbed me harder and started screaming too.
“Alpha, please.” My legs were shaking and I took hold of his shoulders trying to get him closer to my needy form. “Shhh, I got you. It´s okey, I´m just gonna clean you. Keep calm. Goog, you´re doing so great Tony. So good for me.” I preened at his praise. After the situation settled a bit he reached for a bottle and started massaging the contents into my hair. I purred as I figured out that it was his shampoo he was using and that I would smell like him. Surely with the mating bite too no one would ever mistake either of us for available. No. We both took our claim.
“Tony.” I sat down beside him. “Time to wake up.” Tony opened his shining brown eyes and started smiling immediately.
He managed to get us both in the shower stall with him boxing me in between himself and the tiled wall. I felt myself leak slick since he was a goddamn god and now towered over me. There was no point in denying that he was the one in control and that he could do anything he wanted to me which was just another major turn on.
took my time...kinda sorry I guess.
“There, there.” He opened my door and closed it behind us. Steve sat down on my king sized bed and kicked his shoes off. He did the same with my shoes and leaned back against the headboard. I was still sitting on his lap with my head leaning on his chest.
I think I never felt as good waking up as I did now. I was surrounded by warmth and I felt completely at ease. I snuggled closer into the warmth and kept my eyes shut. I surely could sleep in once in a while. Pepper won´t be too mad. I didn´t even think there were any board meetings planned for today and what would they even do it´s my industry, so.
“Oh, you´re so wet for me, baby. So good.”
“Jarvis?”
We went to the kitchen and I started making breakfast. I expected him to sit down on one of the chairs and wait for me to finish, but he stood near me the whole time. I made bacon with scrambled eggs and gave him most of the food. No one could tell how many meals he already skipped.
“Daddy.” For a moment I thought I did something wrong, cause daddy stopped moving and didn´t do anything and I worried, but the my daddy lifted me up onto his chest and I could see his large smile.
“Biggest mistake. Your mother failed you. Not worth being my son.” It hurt like a cut with a sharp knife and I still tried. Built complex robots in an early age. The best grades. Tried to be the best son but still disappoint couldn´t stop disappointing.
“Tony, why do you already feel the need to annoy me. At least try to make this work.” Once again I was at the receiving end of one of his ‘Captain-America-is-disappointed-in-you’ glares and I didn´t even intend to get on his nerves.
Hope you enjoy reading. :)
I opened one of my side drawers and pulled out a bag with cute diapers which had adorable cartoon duck pictures on them. Jarvis had told me that Little Tony had problems controlling his bladder, especially during night time. When I approached him again he opened his eyes and looked suspicious at the diaper. “Tony, are you okey with diapers. I won´t make you wear them, but I think it would be easier for you than having an accident, sweetheart.” Tony blushed and looked away again. He gave a small nod. “I need a verbal answer, baby.”
He started pushing his cock inside of me. It was huge. Oh god was it huge. And he did it so slowly. It felt amazing. My mouth watered.
I gave him an high pitched whine as answer. Steve got on his knees behind me and spread my legs farther apart. I felt so good completely put in place by him positioned as he liked. I tried to push my ass outwards a little bit and I heard his intake of breath as I did so.
I´ll have important news at the end notes so don´t forget to check them out.
“No, he´s probably going to give me a lecture on how to treat a genius. So you gonna come to breakfast with me?” Tony nodded.
“Ok, baby.” Daddy tickled my tummy one more time before he lifted me up and sat me on his hip. It was kinda scary, because daddy was so big and I was so high up, but he was strong. I knew that, because he Captain´merica and he was a hero, so he would never ever ever let me fall down. But I still put my arms and legs around him. Just to be sure. After all it was still scary.
Steve laid his hand on my head and massaged my skin. “What´s up Tony? You can tell me. I promise I won´t judge you.” I looked into those deep blue eyes.
“I don´t care. That´s what you get for ignoring me.” Steve looked at me with an dumbfounded expression. I huffed. “Deal with it, Roger.”
Me screaming “harder” over and over again taking everything he had to offer and the going straight over the edge as Steve started to suck at my scent glands. With me tightening around him I pushed him over the edge as well. He pushed a deep as he could into me once more and the base of his cock started swelling until I couldn´t move away even if I wanted to.
“Not gonna spend the night alone.” Tony´s lips covered mine. I grabbed him around the wast with his hands around my neck and started kissing him too. His lips were soft and it was an overwhelming feeling like electricity running from where he touched me through my whole body. I felt him moan into the kiss as I took control and sucked his bottom lip into my mouth. He pressed our groins harder together as I shoved my tongue into his mouth. He tasted sweet. When we broke apart his lips were already kiss swollen. I worked my hands along his sides over the soft material of his underwear.
“Jarvis?”
She loved me somehow or she had hoped I was the key to let Howard give her the time of the day. Give him an heir and get loved for it.
I looked back down at my baby and decided to bring him a pacifier. I found some on the internet which were made for adults and they were even avenger themed. I sat down next to my boy. The bed sinking in a little bit at my added weight and gently pulled his thumb away from his mouth. He frowned and tried to move with his head after his thumb, but before he could suck on his finger again. I rubbed the pacifier on his lips. He opened his mouth and accepted it.
“Nope, just music, please.”
Short chapter after a long break. I know I´m a terrible person.
“Oh. Just go without me. I´m not hungry.” He tried to make him self look smaller and looked down at the floor.
“Nothing.” The genius mumbled.
Steve moved his hips forward and I could feel his hot hard length against my stomach. I gasped, exactly what Steve wanted. He took advantage of it and shoved his tongue into my mouth. Our tongues fighted for dominance. Of course the soldier won. I moaned when his tongue started moving around mine.
He managed fifteen minutes of training until I felt him getting more and more frustrated. “Please, can we take a short break?”
“Alright, Jarvis can you bring us something to eat.” “It´ll be here in the next minutes, Mister Rogers.”
It didn´t take long until I was completely at his mercy.
Natasha started talking again. “I didn´t want to do this but something has to change. Clint Code:alpha379” Clint left the room and a shiver ran through my body. Bruce and Thor sat down on another couch watching everything interested.
“Does it really hurt that bad?” Steve shoved a strand from my forehead.
"Yours. Steve...ahh STEVE!" Steve grinned and went even faster.
“T-Tony?” Steve´s voice was irritated.
"Beutiful." He did nothing but look at me. I tried to move my hips and get some friction but Steve was faster and held me down. He leaned over me and grabbed something out of his sports bag. Steve moved down on me and finally he licked one beautiful stripe over my aching cock. I nearly came then and there, before I had the cvance to stop him I felt a pressure around my hard one. I looked up. A cock ring. "Steve, not." I whined.
I didn´t saw Tony for the next four days until team training on Friday. He even missed movie night on Wednesday. Natasha told me that we should better get our act together or she would make us. That was slightly frightening but I brushed it off and just gave her a bowl of popcorn.
Steve's hand dusappeared between my cheeks and one finger started rubbing against my hole before pushing in.
Steve returned his attention back to Tony who already closed his eyes. Steve sighed. Why didn´t Tony just accept his needs?
“I know, Tones.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Daddy.” He got louder. I turned my attention to him. He took my hand and moved it. “Bye, bye kitchen.” CUTE. I repeated his sentence and had to do everything in my power to not start crying at how adorable that moment just was. Tony looked happy as I did what he wanted. I couldn´t but kiss him on his head for being so…. unbelievably loveable.
"Tell me what you want."
I didn´t slept again that night. Steve stayed with me the whole time. He kept saying calming things and rubbed his hand over my neck near my scent glands. I knew he just did it to calm me down, but I couldn´t stop thinking that other people would think I was taken. How long would his scent stay on me? As soon as the sun raised I got out of Steve´s grip. An inner voice telling me to get ack into his arms.
After some time Steve positioned us so that I was lying on top of him with his hands rubbing over my butt-cheeks.
Tony looked at me unbelievably and I gave him my best I´m-being-honest expression. “C´mon, I don´t have all day, Ironman.” (It broke my heart inside. OMG my sweetheart looked like he was going to cry, but I had to do this.) Tony dropped to the floor and started doing the push-ups.
Not too bad, promise.
A third finger worked his way into me. Steve still held back and I pushed my bidy back against his fingers until he helb me down once again.
Tony looked up into my eyes. “That´s really what you think?”
I sunk forward and Steve easily caught me in his arms, before he slowly lied back down and pulled a blanket over our forms. I gave him some more whines and moans as the movement shifted his knot inside of me and it ended up steadily milking my prostate. I got one mor dry orgasm and passed out afterwards.
“Try to sleep, Tony. I´ll be here if you wake up. You don´t have to be afraid.”
Enjoy...
“Missed you.”
I took a bottle out of my bar, not even caring what it was, drowning it in one go.
Tony smiled. “Would be pretty bad.”
“Are you waking up, Shellhead?” I could hear the smile right trough Steve´s soft barritone. I opened my eyes and looked straight at Steve´s chest. Boy, what a sight. We were standing in the kitchen. He carried me with one arm under my butt and the other one preparing something to eat. My arms were around his neck and my legs on either side of his waist.
“How´d you know?”
“Eat up and you´ll get your reward.” I started feeding him small bits an he kept making those cute little moans while eating. He finished within five minutes. I lied the plate on a small table and captured his lips.
“Hate you.” Tony whispered under his breath.
“What do you want, omega?” I rubbed my nose over histhroat. His scent glands were already swollen. I gave a small lick over them still making a rumbling sound. Tony gave a wet gasp. He let me worship his glands for a moment. Falling apart as I switched between sucking and licking.
“What do you want Tony? Tell me.”
“Tony, stop doing that. Of course it´s my business. I care about you and I just want your best. Tony...just let me help you.” He looked up and stared into my eyes, searching for anything saying that this was a joke, but i was completely honest.
“You don´t know anything about me! How often did you take risks!?”
Taking him in my arms every time he had nightmares. I decided that it was time to start making lunch. I went to the kitchen and locked the door so that no one would have access to my mate or interrupt his sleep. I met Clint and Bruce in the living room and couldn´t stop myself from growling. They were both betas and could easily take my mate, but not if I had a say in this. They were watching TV and looked up as I entered.
“Tony, stop worrying. It´salright. So how´s your belly?”
"What are you working on?"
“Tony.” Steve spoke softly to the man in his arms. He picked some food up and lifted the fork to Tony´s mouth. “Just open up.” At this point Steve was sure that Tony was deep in his headspace. Tony frowned and turned his head to the side.
“You look exhausted Tony. Why don´t you go get some sleep?” He looked concerned and a crazy feeling started to spread in my stomach as I got his whole attention.
(See the end of the chapter for
We left the bedroom and entered the living room. “What would you like to eat my small bambino?”
I nodded. At the time the credits rolled over the screen Steve had already closed his eyes.
When the last movie ended Steve stood up and carefully carried the genius to Tony´s room. Tony stayed quiet and let himself be put under his covers. Steve turned to leave the room, but a voice stopped him. “No, don´t leave!” He turned to face Tony again. The man had wide eyes and looked shocked. “Hey, it´s okey. I can stay.” Steve sat down besides Tony on his bed. The mechanic immediately scooped closer and held onto him as if he was afraid that Steve might decide to leave again. Steve originally hasn´t planned to sleep in Tony´s room, but his eyes just fell close after some minutes and the heat the other man provided was just too warm.
Ok, back to the chapter. you´re all allowed to leave requests I´m open to everything. The next chapter is probably goona contain Steve´s alpha instincts acting up.
Steve kissed my forehead. “Don´t worry it already stopped.” He lifted my ass and pulled his cock out of me. I moaned. Come went slowly out of my hole and on Steve´s thigh. He put his arms around me and I closed my eyes. My body was sore and I was really tired. I immediately fell asleep.
My mouth dropped open. He was wearing red lingerie with matching stockings. His eyes were blown and he filled the room with the scent of aroused omega. I felt my skin begin to tickle as if bugs were running over me. I swallowed. He lightly moved his hips from side to side as he made his way over to me with a cocky grin on his face.
Dum-E entered the living room with a plate full of fast food in his metal claw. Steve would have prefered something healthier as he knew Tony already ate enough take away when he even ate something. But because he wasn´t able to leave Tony alone right now the food had to do it. He still noted that he would cook something healthy for Tony within the next days. He took the plate, luckily Dume had also brought a fork.
I have no idea how it ended up making such a mess of Tony, me and the kitchen. My baby laughed and giggled the whole time thinking it was funny to throw food around and cover EVERYTHING in maple syrup. I got the feeling he´d finished eating when he started putting sticky hands on my face.
Bruce and Thor understood what must have happened and I started to blush at their words.
Of course my mother loved me, at least at some point I guess. But she too, wanted to get loved by Howard, didn´t care about my love. But when I was really  young there were times when she would pick me up and play piano for me or speak to me in soft Italian.
“Yes, for lunch. There won´t be any skipped meals anymore and you gonna sleep enough, okey? If you don´t, you won´t like the consequences.”
Nothing for a long moment. Then he mumbled a short yes.
“No! Don´t leave.” Steve stopped and sat back down. Tony had buried his head in his shoulder and started shaking.
I opened the door to the living room just to find Steve sitting cross legged on the couch reading a book. His hair was still a little damp and he cuddled himself into a large blanket which was red white and blue with silver stars all over it. I remember buying it for him as a joke some months ago.
They kept talking and Tony just looked at the table in front of him. It was made of timber and had a light colour. His gaze fell on the floor and then suddenly on a large black spider, which stood right in the doorway.
I was fast asleep. I don´t know how long it took me to get my first nightmare. I was back in Afghanistan. My arms were tied and I was kneeling in front of a bucket of water. Two guards held my arms another man was standing in front of me.
“Steve?”
“I´ve got nightmares and I know it sounds stupid, but I can´t help it. It got better when I started to go out with Pepper, but some months ago it got worse and nothing helped. Then we broke up and I just don´t know what to do.”
So thanks for reading all that. I hope you enjoyed the chapter. I´ll hopefully update this sooner.
“Eat up, Tony.”
“I love you too my sweat kitten. Have good dreamy, dear.”
A 3333 words sorry chapter for keeping you waiting so long.
Tony rubbed his face over my collar bone. The omega feeling the need to mark me as his. “Yours Alpha.” I opened the door to my room and sat Tony down on my bed.  He made a beautiful picture in his re lingerie looking already disheveled.  Something I longed to bring down on paper. I kicked my shoes off and I attacked him again covering every inch of him with my body. My lips found their way back to his again. It was a wild kiss. I shoved my tongue into his mouth.  Exploring.  Tasting.  Claiming. He moaned in response one of the lewdest sounds I’ve ever heard. His hands wandered over my back and suddenly my shirt was gone. I shoved the lingerie a little bit away to get access to his already hard nipples. I started sucking on them and Tony couldn´t stop himself from whining and moaning especially as I bit into one and worried it between my teeth. He was a writhing mess underneath me. Beautiful.
Tony´s feelings about his childhood and his headspace
“Can you suck on my fingers for me, baby, make sure they´re wet.”
I took a long breath trying to get back to sleep. It worked very well until my pillow moved. I had to try very hard to stop myself from screaming. My eyes flew open. There was …Steve. OMG. Wait no…
Steve just hummed that damn bastard love if my life and kept fucking his fingers in and out of me.
Steve´s hands stopped and his scent changed slightly. I opened my eyes just to see him already looking at me with a concerned glance.
Steve took mercy on me and started pullingc my pants and underwear of until I was completely naked underneath him.
“Ok, Tony. Let´s get something to eat.” It took him some time as I pulled him out of his “daydream”.
I looked around the room and recognized that the blinds were down in order to make the room darker. Has he planned to get me here? Steve layed a hand on my head and started massaging my skin again. It calmed me down immediately and I started purring. Damn omega nature.
He looked at his full plate and cocked an eyebrow, but didn´t say anything.
(See the end of the chapter for
He wore a blue t-shirt which sat tight on his body. I was able to see every single one of his muscles. I asked myself how it would be to touch his skin and feel his muscles under my palm.
“Tony, it´s okey. We´ll just shower and then you can rest again.” He slowly moved his hands down my body before he sopped at my thighs right under my buttocks. I arched my back and whined in his skin as he gave me squeeze before he went into a sitting position with me on his lap. Steve gave me a warning growl. I pouted at that because things wouldn´t have gotten heated in the first place if he hadn´t made a grab for my ass. Steve just smiled at me and hoisted us up from the bed before he made his way to the bathroom.
We spent the next two hours playing dodgeball. Afterwards mostly everyone left giving Clint angry stares (or a kick in the guts, Natasha). Thor said he would go to Asgard for some days and the others just went to their family and friends, they said they had enough of the team for the day after the ´wonderful´ game. That left just Tony and me.
“Lunch or dinner?”
“What, Hawkeye!?” Tony snapped back.
“Tony...”
“You both shut up.” Natasha glared at us. “Sit down.” Surprised I looked from her to Steve. In my anger I didn´t even realise that the rest of the team was also in the main living room. Natasha tapped with her foot on the ground. “Now.” She said calmly but I knew that we were in great danger if we didn´t do as we were told. Steve and I sat down on the couch keeping a big gap between the two of us.
“Rhodey won´t like to hear that you´re boosting my ego.” I gave Tony a smile. It was nice to see that he calmed back down.
“And he´s okey with that?” Bruce gave Clint a shove so he fell of the couch and hissed at him.
"I think he went down to Bruce's lab or asked Clint for help and got a bucket full of green slime and dumped it right over my head."
If anyone knows a matching summary, write it in the comments. Best gets picked ;)
Yeah and I managed a second chapter today. I kinda like the story because it´s kinda cute. Yeah mostly fluff. ( How often can I write Yeah, before it gets awkward?)
RING! RING! RING!
“Steve!” I moved my hips to get more of him inside me, but he still pinned me down. Damn it. I needed him to fill me up. His cock was… oh so deep.
“Well thank you for making a big mess out of our tactics! What do you think would have happened if Nat didn´t get out in time?! You would have gotten her killed! Stop being so selfish and start acting like the man you pretend to be!”
“Movie night.”
Steve opened his mouth to reply but was interrupted as someone shoved us.
“Ok. But breakfast first.”
I needed a plan. I spent the last one and a half hour looking trough different internet websites with Jarvis help, reading everything I could find about ageplay. I needed to talk to Tony.
I turned my head to the side and looked back at the room. I started feeling a little bit colder and shuffled closer to Steve shoving my legs to my body rolling up like a cat. Steve took the blanket from before and spread it over me. I watched the dust grains move in the air drawing their paths through the room. Some minutes passed and I heard Steve sigh and he moved one hand over my eyes. I had no choice but to close my eyes. He started massaging my temple with his thumb.
He turned to me and pressed my hand slightly to get my attention.
Waking up the next day was surprisingly pleasant. I kept my eyes close and snuggled closer to the warmth coming from beneath me. With my face lying on Steve´s bare chest, I was able to feel his breathing and hear his heart beat steadily. I robbed a bit upwards and drowned my nose in his neck.
“Don´t be, Tony. You went trough a lot. It´s just normal to feel like this.” He gave me an encouraging smile. I tried to smile back.
“Why do you still wear clothes, Tony?”I grunted against him. “I should just keep you naked all the time. You could stay in my room. I would provide everything you need and no one would come too close or look at you. You´re mine and I could keep you safe so easily sweetheart. Would keep you open the whole time. Would make a plug hold my come inside of you the whole time, could just slip right into you whenever I wanted.” I felt a wet spot starting to grow on Tony´s trousers.
“Clint!” Tony groaned. “I´m not playing your stupid games.” Clint didn´t even listen and just pushed him into the changing room. I followed Tony and Clint went back to the big hall. I opened my grey bag and looked inside. I pulled out some blue and black sport clothes and knew we were in for trouble. It didn´t get better, at least for Tony.
“You feel so good around me Tony.” He started a punishing pace.
“Tony, Clint!” Steve said with his well known Captain-America-is-disappionted-in-you-and-you're-way-too-old-for-this  voice. Tony just rolled his eyes and Clint laughed at that.
“Sorry, sweetheart. You´re too young to drink coffee, but you can have some juice if you´d like.”
“I know I´m rambling.”
No but if it was a dream why wasn´t I able to breath. Black spots appeared on my vision.
Oh and pls tell me if you want to see more of the other characters. Maybe a Pepper come back? I have no idea.
That´s when my brilliant mind recognized that  we both were still very naked and there was no blanket covering anything. Immediately my gaze drifted downwards and my mouth fell open in shock and amazement. How can his cock be this huge? I really took it all in plus his knot? Wait, was it still erect? Wait? What? Really?
“I´m sorry for what I did on the field. I didn´t mean any harm.” An arm grabbed me and pulled me into Steve´s side.
Hello again,
My eyes turned red as the beta said my omegas name and Clint flinched.“Yes.”
I started waking up, but didn´t open up my eyes just yet.
“Can you hear my thoughts trough the door?”
I didn't hear someone coming in, but I looked up when I felt a familiar weight sink into the couch right beside me. Steve sat a gym back down at the floor and gave me one of his brilliant smiles. He looked happy but there was also something else in his expression. He wore a tight shirt and kargo shorts(ugh i thought we already talked about those) i still don't know how he manages to look so hot in those.
"Steve." I looked at him. He looked like an angel. His hand was still moving over my skin making my nerves explode. He leaned down.
“Steve...Alphaahhh, please!”
“Coffee please, daddy.” Okey. No way was I going to let him drink coffee while being little.
“Sir, has gone to his lab.” Steve sighed there was no way Tony would let him go down there. He already stood often enough in front of closed doors. He could also use the time for something better.
“Sorry, Steve. We didn´t know you bonded. We would never try to take your omega, shield brother. We´re truly sorry for this misunderstanding.” As soon as they were out of sight Steve maneuvered me out of my sit and crowded me against the wall. His eyes were still red and fixated on me. I gave a small whimper and presented my neck towards him almost automatically.
Hope you enjoy the chapter
I hope no one stood to close to our rooms, because we surely made a lot of noise. And it felt so fucking good.
“Ohh.” Damn it. Steve sighed. Oh come on, whose idea was it to let the alpha hear the omega’s thoughts. Now it´s just easier to stop me from everything. Fuck.
“Mhh.” There was a good smell and my arms were around something warm. I got closer to the warm feeling.
After some time he slightly pushed my head away. I was so far in my alpha mood that I nearly snapped at him for taking control and felt the need to pin him down but I caught myself and allowed him to bring some inches between me and the place where the fantastic scent came from. I wouldn´t force him to do anything. Never. Never he had the right to say no.
His seed shot deep into me and my body greedily took it all in.
Leave a comment and request if you have some.
“I know, just close your eyes. I´ll be here.”
Right now I have no idea what will happen so it´s up to you. If there´s anything you want to see just write it down below and it would actually help me a lot, because I have no idea how someone thinks about the story who isn´t me and what they would like to see next. Even if you want me to write GOOD smut i´ll even try to do that.
