Yet that's what Tony did. He hid for five years, and lived the life he wanted. He had Pepper, he had Morgan. He even bought a house in the outskirts, and if needed, he had security.
A year of resentment is too much for someone like Steve. And truthfully, it was never even resentment. It was sorrow, regret, a bit of misery, and even some pity. He hated how he kept that secret from Tony. On the other hand, Steve was protecting Bucky. What else was he to do?
Truthfully, Steve didn't know why he was so worried in the first place. Tony probably got hot in the middle of the night, and just took his clothes off. Steve was asleep, so it wasn't like Tony did it in front of him. Even if he had, it wouldn't have bothered the soldier. So then what was there to worry about?
Yet there, sitting quietly in Peter’s chest, was the fallacious sensation of normality. Everyone around him, including Mr. Stark has this false face on. How could they all be acting as if everything is fine, when it isn’t.
"Who is this?" He answered groggily. Voice filled with the croaking sensation of someone who just got up from a well-deserved nap.
He rose into a sitting position. Stretching his arms slowly, while trying to remember the night before. Then it came to him, as if he was struck in the head by a blunt object.
“Hey man! I wasn’t the one asking the questions?!” Sam wailed, while still trying to hold his laughs back.
It was already a tense day, with dozens and dozens of attempts with the lullaby. Bruce was near a breaking point. Having to constantly morph into the Hulk was truly exhausting. But it was even worse for Nat, as this day in particular, she couldn't get him calm. Practicing with the lullaby was a work in progress. And today was one of the fails. Once Bruce had turned green, Nat took a sharp breath, and began her walk towards him. He screamed his ear screeching roar, while also punching/hitting the concrete walls that surrounded them. Smashing them each with an intensity equal to an airplane crashing into the ocean. Extending her hand out, she softly began humming. It caught Hulk's attention, yet his beast self was refusing to listen.
‘Okay then, first things first, shower, eat, maybe a movie, and then tell Ned everything!’ The teen thought eagerly.
The Captain cheesed. He profusely thanked the genius, before Tony groggily said that he lend some trucks for Steve to use as well. Before wondering how Tony strangely had trucks to spare, the super-soldier once again thanked him, as he then ended the call.
Tony sat, a bit puzzled, and looked to his surroundings. Thinking quietly, he tried to look at both sides of this situation. Rejecting Steve's offer and going to the reunion, would be more smarter. Considering the fact, that if Fury needed them, they would kind of need to be there.
Pepper tasted it. It was just plain old gravy, but it tasted wonderful. "This is delicious. Did you add some spices to it?".
Tony just stood there. Smiling ear to ear. Unbeknownst to Steve, he was waiting for the super-soldier to ask if he wanted to dance.
Again, the philanthropist just stood quietly. Hoping he'd catch onto Tony's wink-wink. Instead, Steve just placed his hand on the brunette's lower back and entered his personal space.
To the former Avenger though, regardless of the outcome, he just wanted his family to be aware of what's to come. And was going to protect them at all costs. Even if his paranoid-driven remedies did get on their nerves, especially Tony's.
The philanthropist just stayed, and observed his table decor. A rich garment, courtesy of Thor, was the main cloth that covered the circular surface, along with a knitted white sheet covering the mid-section. Simple, yet still festive. And to top it off, a single red candle sat in the center.
"You and Tony can comfort each other. And sometimes... it's in ways that even I can't understand. That's why, I ignored my concerns, or really, discomfort with it." She stated, "He needed help. And I couldn't do anything about it. Yet, for weeks, he was suffering. And he wasn't telling me the truth.".
He excused himself from their 'couple's roast' and began to grab his things. Once all packed and ready, he was heading to the door, when Tony and Pepper intervened.
It had been a year now since she talked to the philanthropist. She didn't even know how to word her response. Nevertheless, she found a phone, dialed his number, and waited. Thankfully she knew of the ex-playboy's number from a few years back, and ironically didn't think she needed to have it memorized.
The brunet once again awaited his response but before Steve could, a very hyper-active Kamala Khan entered the room. Giggling to herself, while checking something out on her phone. Making both men laugh in amusement.
"Honestly, Tony. I'm just looking for a place that I can find things to do in. Somewhere that I can feel settled, but still have myself be busy, you know." Steve confessed.
"Really?! Why are you saying it like that?! And why does it sound like your being forced to do this?" Steve griped, "I'm not forcing you to do anything. You made that very clear!".
With this revelation, Pepper was about to head back inside, and confront her husband for the truth. She was so tired of him acting like he’s fine, when in reality, he wasn’t. But that was the old her. And she knew Tony wouldn't open up to her.
In all honesty, Steve knew exactly where he was going. There was a little bit of pride in him, that he at least been in one of these things before. And can remember how to leave one. But it also left him nostalgic of that time. It instantly reminded him of the war. Of Peggy.
“I mean, that he’s not thinking about the longevity of your guy’s plan. Just because he wants to take you away from me and Steve doesn’t mean, your guy’s problem will end, at all.”
“If I’m overstepping I don’t need to know then.” She stated quickly, with an almost sense of urgency in her voice.
Nat instantly lost her smile and crouched to her friend with eyes of compassion. She sat a hand on his forearm, hoping that her gesture would instantly get him out of his nostalgic torture.
“Hey, come on. I’ve known Tony for a little while to know that... all not perfect... this was an equal amount of distrust on both sides.” Nat had this curious look to her face as she ended her sentence.
And with that, Steve & Tony could hear the familiar revving of an engine. As a 1970s red Chevrolet drove into the property. Clear indentions in the passenger door and scratches along the front hood of the car gave the impression to the men that this fellow has had this vehicle for a long while.
Once Steve had noticed Kamala heading his way, the super-soldier softly smiled with happiness. His cheeks blushing with embarrassment, as he had noticed the other women around Kamala were looking his way, lustfully.
She turned to Sam, who was now sitting where Fury was, "You wouldn't possible know the whereabouts of Spangles and Shell-head?".
Steve looked over to the snoring brunet and snickered softly. Tony was clearly in an uncomfortable position with a seatbelt covering half his face. His nose flaring with every intake of breath. Seriously, the soldier wishes he could take a picture at this moment.
"You had nightmares. I have Sam. We can't get rid of 'em. But they're still around when they want to be. They also wake you up at random hours with their snoring!" Bucky remarked.
Once she let herself get a little laugh in the matter, the young avenger went back to the task at hand. And she was struggling.
Pepper thought it was the cooking. But as she looked into the living area. It looked almost spotless. The floors looked mopped, the sofa looked fluffed and washed, and the usual ashes left near the fireplace were completely gone.
"It's okay, Steve. You just worried me there for a moment. I thought my joke made you uncomfortable or something?".
His life has always been this up and down roller coaster. He knew that just leaving the Avengers wouldn't solve his problem, but it would better to just forget it. Holding his head, Tony breathed heavily, and softly began to cry.
The crisp, chilly, night air gave Steve a chance to finally take a breath. He closed his eyes momentarily before he heard a noise behind him. He shot around to see Bucky coming outside.
A soft haze, from the running water of the shower, sneakily moved throughout the room. Adding to the dreamlike nature of the situation. And slowly awaking in the soldier's bed was a well-rested Tony Stark.
"Thank you. And for your offer, I’d have to politely decline. Mostly because I don't want to be a burden. Or you guys having the need to babysit me." Steve claimed before Tony instantly responded.
"Yes dipshit, I want to. If Pepper agreed to it, then... that's... okay with me. I'll have to ask why she agreed to it. Otherwise, I'd be looking for my castrated penis in the lake." Tony said amusingly, as he quickly pecked Steve's lips before running back inside the house.
Steve began to fidget with his hand and scratch his head vigorously in aggravation. He looked to Tony, and could see him begin to fall apart.
"Well, that's something I might respectfully disagree on." Steve snickered as Tony playfully shoved him.
But today was different. Horribly different. Today, she had found out that she, had in fact, contracted the infectious disease. And it was tearing her apart on how to tell Steve. She really didn't want to. Sarah just wanted to bury it, like a dirty weapon in a crime. Or a horrifying creature chained in a basement.
“Yeah… told you. It’s not just fighting aliens and disobeying the government that keeps me up at night.”.
Pepper did notice, while walking back through the living room, the raunchy mess on the sofa, but decided to let the boys clean that up in the morning.
"Steve, your pulling something I would do." She now faced him, smile still stuck to her face, "Trust me, it's not subtle in the slightest.".
"Sam gave me a couple of hints. You guys are also a little obvious. You stare at him constantly. And I mean
Outside, the lights of New York's businesses glimmered onto the windows. Giving off an almost dream like scenario to their situation. Hundreds of people in crowds were, laughing, walking, or having just a swell time. It honestly pisses Clint off a bit, as that is what they could be doing right now. Instead they are driving along the streets of Manhattan, searching for two sexually confused as-swipes.
’But I mean, they'll be okay, with time. They'll get through this.’ The soldier looked to his feet, before taking his gaze back to the lake. He really wanted to believe that Morgan, but mostly Pepper, could move on from this. However, the sheer haunting memory of him, is what will be the true ghost to overcome. For both of them, and him.
Which was a disaster he'd rather not repeat. Recalling a time when he'd told her, earlier that summer, that she wasn't allowed to play outside after her behavior at school from the day before. She, of course, revolted and began to throw an unnecessary tantrum. Even going the lengths of saying a bad word. And not just any bad word,
Steve swiftly trailed behind him. Tony stood by the foot of the bed and giggled to himself softly. The soldier looking at him in annoyance, "What's funny?".
Tony was really trying to keep a straight face. But the pain was surely piercing through his false expression.
Steve took the doll and headed upstairs to put it away. Their room would be too obvious so he decided to put it in one of the off-limits rooms: the attic. The soldier took the tiny staircase, adjacent to Peter & Tommy's room, and up to the attic. Once there, he realized how he hasn't been up here since last year.
Tony still slightly opened his eyes, yet began to sniffle. Then his head softly hit Steve's shoulders. The tears soon followed, and then the apologies.
Being quiet about certain, sensitive, subjects was one of the many flaws of Peter Parker. And apparently being obedient too, as he was back with the prying questions again, once Happy turned down a street leading back into downtown Manhattan.
So for this chapter, it was more towards Bruce and Natasha‘s relationship, that honestly needs to be explored more. Don’t worry the main fandom is still Steve and Tony. But we all know what happens after Ultron. So I kind of have to fill the gap with something? Right?
Not since his nights with Pepper, did Tony ever enjoy such a climax. Yet his climax with Steve, was dare he say it, wildly better. Almost feeling completely new and different. That almost scared Tony, before the thought left his mind as his thought process was surely blown.
"It's me... Nat." She didn't mean to sound excited. But truthfully she was. An inch of hope was enough for her.
Truthfully, since those few days she was home, after her scrimmage with Modok. Kamala hasn't even spoken to her father. To busy with 'Avengers' business and her introduction to Kate Bishop and Clint Barton. Both are formally known as Hawkeye.
Most of whom, slept quietly in their warm bedrooms, all, on the second floor. Except for an extra bedroom, and a playroom (Where the children currently were sleeping), on the third floor.
Walking down the corridor, Tony was once again battling his memory. He really tried to forget what happened. I mean, he didn't... really... want to forget that second kiss. It was beautiful, and a bit exhilarating at the same time. He hadn't touched that territory since his experimental times of college. But he knew, and the other knew, that it was mostly due to Tony's panic attack. That's all it was. And if he was going to survive this day, he was going to speak to Steve as if it never happened.
However, one major downfall, that both Wanda and Vision absolutely despised, was the fact that they had to be discreet about aiding others in help. And yes, they could still help others in time of need.
"You know sometimes I feel like they we're lying about the 'follow the orders' guy you were, Cap." Natasha said smugly as she walked onto the ship.
Steve really wanted to tell them. Well, really all of them did. Just to tell those two, that their sacrifice was honored. 'We won...' Steve's mind suddenly pictured the battle of New York. His blushing cheeks staring down at Stark. 'What just happened? Please tell me no one kissed me?'. It made the soldier smile in remembrance.
"You sure of this? Tony I've seen many relationships fail and become bleaker in my life. But nothing like your's, Steve, and Pepper's. Something's up between you and him."
It astounded Pepper. Everything in their vicinity was either cleaned or organized. I mean, Tony usually helped with chores. But, he did all of this himself. And it kind of worried Pepper. She knew Tony had to've been up for a long time, in order for their house to look utterly amazing.
Vision kept his eyes toward her. Almost like a kid learning a new song. Studying her movements, her choices in vegetables to add, and even when she'd stop to rub her hand along her forehead. He admired it all.
"And I've loved this friendship we've created from all this time. And, I know us trying to keep our ‘situation’ a secret has been a lot to deal with. So... here it goes..." Steve took a breath in. He was going to do it.
"But the strangest part. Was that the ship never sank. Even though it had a high possibility to do so. Yet it stayed afloat till most of the passengers could flee to the nearby village." He scanned their faces.
"Look man, I'm sorry for what happened. But you at least need to know that... we tried. We tried our absolute hardest to save her..." He admitted.
Tony gave him a warm smile, and comfortingly sat back. He looked to his companion again, as he was still drifting off from nostalgia. The iron-man sat for a moment, before not surprisingly, got out of the car.
Tony was no longer functioning properly. He couldn't even see straight, his knees grew weak, and his breathing became irregular like his heartbeat. But it wasn't really a surprise to himself.
"Okay. I'll check around upstairs again. Do you mind to check the grounds? Just in case she's out there doing her normal hums. I don't want her to be, you know, losing it." Tony asked.
This brings us to the second reason, surprisingly happening, just yesterday. He had all his things packed and ready to go. No help was needed there since most of his things were lost after the accords. When, the movers he ordered had, most bafflingly, canceled their appointment for him as the company was backed up with requests and jobs?!
Steve waited to see if she would acknowledge his presence. But she wasn't moving an inch or even looking his way in the slightest. So the super-soldier decided to break the ice.
"Steve... no matter how it could’ve played. We... We... can't... sit here and blame ourselves or find out who's fault it was. We, need to be out there. Helping them." Natasha got up from her seat and pointed out to the people across the compound.
The next thing Steve remembers is waking in a pool of his sweat. The nightmare now fading completely from his head.
‘I really don’t know if I should do this? There are so many things wrong with it, but so many good. God, I... I just wish he was here.’ Steve really wanted the confirmation. Anything really could be a sign at this point.
Steve shot his eyes up. Tony flashed an egotistical smile, realizing that he was correct. As he always is. Steve smiled along, looking back to his feet in mild disbelief.
"No, we weren't going to keep it from you. I just didn't want to make our little situation worse." Tony attested.
"Yeah. Nice observation." He giggled. Still looking to the crowd and then eventually back her, and once again to the crowd.
Natasha laid, once more, upon the bed, quiet and thinking. Suddenly a revelation hit her like a bullet. She could think of a plan. Or hell, she can try and find the clues herself.
And as he stood near Steve, patriotic as usual, arms crossed along the star of his suit. His feet perfectly parallel to one another, and his face doing the regular scowling expression. Tony could read Steve like a book. Something was bothering him as well. Better yet, someone.
"Tony I've known for a little while now. You can be arrogant... self-centered... chicken-shit at times... Actually yea, you'd be an asshole." She acknowledges.
"Nat, we need you! We here over on the right side of the Market." Sam stated in the comms. Steve and him met in the middle, and instantly began fighting the guards already there.
The winged-soldier took one of Steve's arm and swung it around himself, and carried the super-soldier through the darkened building.
The super-soldier immediately glanced at his hands and could see them tied together as well. It was wrapped with seriously weak rope. So as if it was paper, the rope broke, and the soldier headed to his friend.
All of them were victims of people kicking children out of their homes once the Avengers brought everyone back. Especially since a lot of these kids had made a life after the decimation, and were now forced to leave the life they had gotten acclimated to. Reasons for why brute force was taken, in some instances, were never given.
"Yes, yes I am. It's quite beautiful on the outside, so I'm hoping I can say the same for the inside as well." Steve clasp his hands together nervously.
“Our... Our top priority now. Is to help them. They’re the real victims, the real innocents. In really all of this.” She insisted.
Richard showed both men the three main rooms, while also directing them to the main hallway, to show off one of the downstairs bathrooms. The door next to it being the basement. The two quickly looked into the cobweb-filled stairwell and both looked to each other in mutual understanding. They'd wait for this one till it was time.
"I-uhh... that serum... definitely worked. And yes... hurts... A lot!" Tony answers with some more satire humorous responses.
Tony Stark couldn't tell you the last time he felt content with his life. And even if he unknowingly was. Content was still a better way of putting it. If it was before A-Day he'd be lying to himself. All those sleepless nights, doing whatever with whoever.
The four-legged canine got closer to him and gave him some affectionate licks for good measure. Steve just laughed it off before looking back out to the river once more. No trace of it.
The creature’s finger was centimeters from Steve’s face. Another black substance, amongst the emitting fog, began to seep from the inside of the cloth itself, and running down the length of the hand and finger, dropping its disgusting ooze near Steve’s legs.
"But I asked you earlier, and you pretty much ignored me." Steve protested. Tony looked at him a bit baffled. It's the first word he's said in a hot minute. Although his expression changed and he smiled. At least Steve wasn't completely incoherent.
The container itself, was around 500 ft in length, and was at least half the height of the structure surrounding them. The blasts of energy, along with the glass, only grew with aggravation. The energy seeming to act like an animal in a cage. Biting and breaking the barrier that it was being held in.
The philanthropist brought out a profanity that was muffled, as his face was buried into the soldier's neck. While there, he planted some soft kisses from where his mouth could reach.
"Well, that diner that we just passed?" Tony began, "Well... that's... where me and Cap-Steve, had the brilliant idea to ditch that reunion we had with the other Avengers."
This constant hiding, running, fighting, and repeat had became an immediate burden on all of their shoulders.
Fury's response made Thor's blood run cold. It was his first hearing of Hydra. Truth be told, he actually thought Hydra was an actual snake. A monster like the ones he's seen on Asgard. A devouring angel of death. Yet when he learned that it was an organization instead, it made him feel a bit more at ease. But any little threat to Thor, is still a threat.
Softly, Steve began to move again. Tony's winces followed, but were finally quieting into sharp breaths. A single, leftover tear, slid down Tony's left cheek and stopped halfway down its path. Intriguingly, it stayed in its place. Not even changing form. How strange?
"Steve... we're going to be okay. Whatever Monica's doing with these tachyon disruptions, we'll figure it out." Tony held onto one of Steve's forearms.
"Sure, Stark. Keep on telling yourself that." Steve walked backed over to the war table, along with the philanthropist.
They were swaying now. Keeping each other's attention on themselves. Not caring if comments or stares were going their way.
Wright and the officer next to him, looked at Steve with eyes of terror and resentment. Steve and Tony were taken aback by this.
"Oh Yeah, I just misplaced my cologne and was ransacking the place for it." Tony now turned around and locked the door behind him.
"That's nice Stark, but we going to have rain check on that idea of yours. We have more pressing matters to attend to." Fury acknowledged. Tony noticed that the team looked back at him after this sly statement. He also slightly looked upon Steve's face of utter disappointment. There were a lot of things in his life that he never saw. The Beatles in concert, and Captain America disappointed.
Left, and Right, and then Right again, and then left once more, she efficiently kept up with the man. Down several passageways, and then eventually into an apartment complex, a few yards from the market.
“Okay Natasha, me and Sam are at a gas station somewhere outside of the town. But, we are heading to Ullapool, which is where I want you to meet us.” Steve could see Sam’s ‘wtf’ expression with him mouthing a ‘what?!’.
He took his hands, and cupped the side of Tony's face, bringing the brunette's lips back to his. But this one was fiery. With each breath being given between the two, the other would clash to deepen their passionate act.
It was one of Steve's encyclopedias. It was ripped and stomped in. Another sound had broke the silence. It was Steve, whimpering softly to himself. Tony ran the rest of his way to Steve.
More agents began to swarm the trio, as they became a trifecta free-for-all. Sam throwing some good punches, Steve using his kicking skills, and Natasha using her leftover electroshock weapons. Also known as her 'black widow bite'.
Steve Rogers however, was using this time to finally catch some 'Z's. He hadn't slept in the last few days, which is understandable. Coming into a new era, taking down an evil Demi-God in tights in a bull-horned helmet; and had some interesting encounters with several new people; awkwardly. The most personal one being Tony's. Their first impressions weren't great, but it was better than nothing. It gave Cap some nostalgia from when he met Howard all those years back. Like father like son, I guess.
She and Steve walked into the conference area, and defeatedly sat. Opposite of each other, and not saying a word to themselves. They couldn't come up with words, sentences, or just plain grammar. To at least try and discuss their situation. But it was simple. They lost.
She reached her hand and simply sat it on Nat’s exposed wrist, as a sense of comforting her. Seeing as Nat was seriously about to explode with heartbreaking emotion.
Steve's word sat with Tony as he thought back to the incident. The image becoming more and more clearer. The image of Tony jumping in front of Steve as soon as the bot was in the air. The next thing he remembers is the blast sending him, and Steve, across the room.
"Oh! See he knew, what, I was saying. He just didn't understand, what I meant." Steve looked to his companion, who gave him a 'You're stupid' look.
Tony looked into the soldier's pleading eyes. Steve wanted this house. And Tony knew how exhausted the super-soldier's been from the last few days. Why not take a chance on it?
"Someone tell me a bar is around here, 'Cause if I don't get a drink, soon. I'm gonna look like the jolly green giant over here!" Tony teased.
Pepper gives him a warm smile. And when Tony notices it, he remembers that smile. That’s when a certain blonde-haired, blue-eyed, super-soldier appeared in his mind. The first time it actually happened, when he wasn’t alone.
Nat just shrugged, seeing as Steve's etiquette at the dinner table kind of adorable. Eventually, she looked out to the bay, sitting by them. Deep in thought.
He stood by the threshold, watching the family he created. It all felt nice. If almost a little too nice. Did it seem too domestic? Was this a cruel dream that Tony was having? Tony's never had this as a kid. And now he, all of sudden, is. It all felt... a little too perfect.
"I know. I should've told you guys about it. But you two were busy, and I didn't want to put personal issues on you guys as well. Especially with everything that's happened." Steve specified.
"Sorry, It just came to me. Um, how about, we just... skip... the reunion. And we can just do something else." He stated cautiously.
Nat, for the first time, believed him. Looking into Tony's eyes, she could see his sincerity. She held him a few seconds longer, before finally releasing. Tony then made a sharp inhale, to joke with her. This of course was received by a punch to the shoulder.
“I am though. Look, Cap, I know we apparently keep having these moments. And always, when I’m in a relationship.” Tony took another sip of his ‘Rusty Nail’, “But I would like to ask you something. More or so, wanting to know... But Anyway... If, If, this ever escalated into anything... ‘more’. Would you be okay with that?”.
"I'm taking things slow, Tony. I don't want to rush this too quickly. Trust me, it won't be long before we decide to "knock boots" again.".
"I can get some... whatever you call it, stuff. And if you want me to grab a condom... that's fine too." Steve looked beyond them, to see any drawers around. None in sight. Literally doing full 180's, he was on the verge of just un-connecting from Tony, and running around in the nude.
“Okay, you have to be lying. ‘Cause both Pepper and Morgan say the same thing. I mean, I know I’m a great cook and all, but seriously!” Tony teased.
The super-soldier called to the retriever and headed back up to the house. Conflicting thoughts raving on, in his head, if he should tell Tony or not. If he
"Today, but I want you to not worry, or try to help. We both know what could happen, and I want you to only let me worry about that. Do you understand me?" She demanded.
The man awoke with a jerk. His eyes opening swiftly with his breathing hitched. Thoughts flooding his mind instantly. As his stomach did somersaults violently, with his whole body feeling as if he suffered some sort of great trauma. It was a severely overwhelming way to wake up, to say the least.
Steve, Natasha, Tony, and Kamala, were all in attendance. Bruce, Thor, and Kate took their knowledge aboard a Quinjet and off to Sub Station Zero. Hopefully to... they know not what.
He then heads over to a cluttered table filled with tools, and gadgets. The blonde doesn't remember why he has the tools. But he likes to think they were for landscaping.
“I think... I... maybe did, at one point. It was, when, I was telling him about my mother. And I just noticed him standing there, so intrigued, so interested in my life. And, it made me feel so good to tell him these intimate things with him.” He stated, “But, after Sokovia. The feelings never really attached. Which,  was odd. They just kind of flew away like a lost memory.”.
His glancing then moved to the stairwell. None there either. He felt a wave of disappointment wash over him. 'This honestly couldn't get worse, right?'.
“Look, you're just still, in like, repercussions of what happened. You feel bad. You want to fix things,” Sam acknowledged, before Steve cut him off.
Steve looked all around him, but it was pointless. Nothing but darkness shadowed him and this table.
Tony looked at him again and when they both weren't saying anything he spoke up, "What's going on with you, Rogers? You seem, well not to be dramatic, but you seem like you're ready to jump out that window?".
"Oh! Uh... Sorry, I was just going through some, fond, m-m-me-memories." Bruce was starting to stutter. He felt his cheeks get a bit hot, and it was obvious that he was feeling flustered.
It was a simple time. Yes, half the universe was gone. But none of them believed they were ever going to bring anyone back. So they just simply decided to wash away the wrong.
"I guess your a good booster then. Not meaning anything weird obviously, even though that didn't really reference anything weird. I mean it could've. You know what, it's whatever you think it means." Tony blabbed.
The brown wall trimmings along the peach-colored walls and dark oak doors, giving the house a comfy, nostalgic, warm feeling and look.
He truly did miss that smile of his friend. Not even that, Tony missed a little something from everyone. Nat with her remarks, Bruce with his flustered habits, Thor with his hilarious confused expressions, Clint with his smartass behaviors, and Steve with that gorgeous smile.
"To be frank, I knew Natasha was right. You and Tony have something that I simply can't do. I know he doesn't love you or anything like that, otherwise I would've been a lost cause for him." She lightheartedly joked.
Tony proudly smiled. It seems their time together has been a rather good influence on the super-soldier. At least, in his eyes.
"Sounds like him. How has he been?" Tony hesitantly asked that question. He didn't know where they were on the friend scale. But it was at least at, maybe, acquaintance.
After a few hours of jogging, running, then just lazily dragging on through the forest. Steve and Sam weren't even on the same playing field as exhausted.
Wanda looked to him, and felt a bit uncomfortable at his request. She gave Steve her word. They've been following these regulations for a few months now. Why now does Viz, all of a sudden, want to abandon their plan?
It was almost like a maze of sorts. Curved hallways, that eventually nowhere, with rooms all around. They smelled like rancid meat, and piss galore. But it didn’t matter to Sam, he had to save his friend and himself. Even if said friend, felt like a semi, ever so leaning on him.
"Your not selfish Steve..." Bruce began, "Well kind of. But, you're not only being selfish in this scenario. You're being human, and you're going to screw up in life. You're going to take people down with you, in those instances, even when you don't want to. But it's okay. It's only when you learn from them, is when the true start of growth can begin.".
“Congratulations, Steve Rogers. You’ve just bought a farmhouse!” A sudden flicker of the kitchen light above them went unnoticed.
Growing up, he never felt the sensation of resilience, but after these last few months, Steve was ready to explode. He felt his days beginning to blur and become repetitive.
Steve's thrusts suddenly began to curve, as he had remembered, from Nat's Sex Ed session, of a certain spot known as the prostate. That you can hit, which sends an arousing sensation, so quickly, through the body. It'd make anybody 'cream their jeans' as Clint added.
A gust of energy blew around the super-soldier when he shot up in bed. The ooze replaced with sweat running down his cheeks.
Tony felt his hand graze the burner phone in his pocket, not realizing that his hand went there in the first place. And as he pulled it out, he kept his eyes upon the device, and grazed his thumb across the side slit. Wanting to hear and see, the top shoot up, and the screen brighten his face.
But what mostly confused the man was why did their falling out in Siberia hurt so badly. I mean sure, a friendship like theirs was no doubt admirable. And yes, Steve was the whole package. But still, he sat confused as ever.
He was struggling. Steve didn't know what he was going to say. Or really, how to say it. Or how to even bring it up. But here he was, speeding down a desolate road, a few miles from the nearest rest stop. Completely having an inner battle.
He remembers finding a place similar to this in New Hampshire. It was a 2 bedroom, little thing, 950 sq ft. in total. You'd think the size was the reason Steve rejected it since the blonde was looking for something a bit bigger. But actually, it came down to the fact that Steve didn't care much for how broken down the house seemed. Even if he agreed to fix it up, he would've needed to completely gut the interior out and start from there. And to the super-soldier, that just seemed like a lot of unnecessary work for such a small place.
Wanda did as she was told, and simply walked along with her new companion to their table. Looking around, she could see the other locals chatting, laughing, and just having an envying good time. Oh god, how she just wanted to sit at a café and not have to worry about being noticed.
"A bit of both. More or so, the 'feeling better' aspect." He admitted disgustingly, "God, how am I this selfish?! Here I am thinking about my feelings as if I was the one who was lied to!".
Once again, he gave even more kisses onto Tony's lips. Eventually lifting his head back up, for another breath of air. Looking down to the philanthropist, Steve slightly smirked, as Tony was so flustered with emotions. The pink hue collecting to his cheeks and around his eyes, almost like a teenager blushing.
"Yes, it is." Annalise gazed over at Steve's glum-filled look, "Um- Let me show you two the living room first.".
Every single graze of Steve's fingers, kiss upon skin, shots of breath, hip-thrust, and lascivious moans. All of it ran through Tony's mind. Their sweat-soaked bodies moving in-sync with one another. Tony's hands constantly gliding along Steve's back and chest. Everything about their erotic experience was a beautiful affair.
It had been 4 long years since Tony's seen that blue glow of that triangular reactor. He held it out to Tony, "I found this a few years back, and I was going to give it to you last night. But I forget about it completely. 'Cause you know...".
Where he found Happy smiling eagerly at him. He was standing by Tony’s office, and quickly ushered him inside. Once Tony was pushed inside, he found a bulletin board hung up on the back wall. Illuminated by the slight sunlight that draped the room. He was about to protest on Happy’s rough yet strange behavior, before his eyes fell upon the photos.
Bucky pulled out his middle finger before disappearing into his & Sam's room. Leaving the soldier alone on the porch.
Standing before them, but thankfully didn't see them, were hundreds of Hydra agents. All of which were facing the opposite direction of the shelter, and were equipped with those weapons.
He was trying his hardest, to mentally prepare himself for this. The soldier just needed to breathe, and calm himself.
The agents weren't looking to them, which was good... Right? Yet they were certainly listening, looking all around, searching for the loudmouth soldier, and his low voiced companion.
Tony looked back to the super-soldier, and saw his wink following the comment. "I didn't think you knew how to tease, Cap.".
It wasn't anything luxurious, just a simple set of shops, sardined together. Dozens of tourists enveloping the shacks with money to spend and stomachs to fill. One was selling meat, which honestly made Steve's stomach turn. Another sold fruits, the other, blankets and wardrobe. A few down further were selling some Avengers merchandise.
Wanda quickly unwrapped herself from her new lover and sat her stew onto a colder surface. Turning off the stove, she prepared the food and set it on the kitchen table.
Tony turned around swiftly, ready to smack whoever just boasted at him. Or at least, at the fact, why they though they could speak to him in such a manner. He hadn't heard Steve's voice in a while, that he almost didn't recognize it, almost.
He tittered. Falling back onto the pillow, Tony relished in the memory of last night's promiscuous events. His right hand gently laid above his head, while the other, on his bare stomach.
And yet, as Tony finally emerged from the basement, realizing it was nightfall. It instantly made the philanthropist smile out of remembrance. Losing hours to work must be Tony's specialty.
"Alright, alright, guys. I get it. I'm sorry for not calling you guys more. I was being an idiot." Steve smiled softly. He was so happy to hear their voices after so long.
Steve snorts, while Tony looks back with a mischievous grin. "Of course, with me in the front." Tony teased.
The super-soldier looked a little confused. He never told Tony that he drew. “How did you know that I draw in my spare time?”.
The two were walking back up to the house, giggling softly. When they noticed a smirking Tony staring from the porch.
"Well Ms. Widow, I, think it solves it. I mean sure it seems fishy. But truth be told, we are all tired and exhausted. And honestly I need a scotch, and a bed." Tony once again shifted his eyes to the man in blue. In all honesty, Tony didn't really want to stop looking at him. 'Seriously! Where did these bursts of emotions come out?!' He thought frustratingly.
Natasha let a chuckle leave her lips, as it too puzzled her that Wanda’s proclamation didn’t occur to any of them quicker.
“Please Annie, you two need to share Lucy because I got her for the both of you. She’s both your friend.”.
Sadly, Tony had to quickly retreat to breathe. Whatever Steve was doing, it was surely knocking the breath out of him. He began to take sharp inhales, as his 'top' companion began to try and experiment with some irregular patterns to his hip thrusting.
"I guess...let's keep talking. Maybe about, other things?" Tony winced at how dumbly sounding his response was.
The team just stood in silence. Not wanting to utter a word. Fury began his lecture with a 'how their team works' statement, and all that. But even then, it was best to wait till- And Tony proceeds to object quickly.
It made Tony smile, but he doesn't answer. The staring continues. Words really couldn't have described the awkwardness of this situation. Steve was astounded by the utter determination that Tony was throwing at him. He really didn't want to talk to him.
"I haven't spoken to them in weeks. Last I heard they were heading up north." She admitted, "I told them to keep in contact, but they aren't holding up their end of the bargain.".
His right hand was now running through his hair, while his left brushed over his body. His mind racing back and forth, like a broken videotape. The ghost-like feeling of Steve, over him, holding him... touching him.
Tony being the most affected. Their tension was growing, their breaths were hitching, and they were nervous as hell. The brunette felt himself pull his head in closer to Steve's.
‘They did it. They actually did it.’ Please comment down below what you thought of this scene. And what you believe it could mean for the final chapter.
Steve stood silently. His mind went to so many things, so many memories, so quickly. He wanted to say, 'How is he?'. But his actual response was, "What'd he say?" with his tone being authoritative.
"Look, I saw the pictures. The ones that you and... 'them' took. Before you go on, I just wanted to ask... why did you do that?".
Sam was the first to head outside of the diner, with Steve and Natasha following behind. "So, what are we going to do if this 'warehouse' is actually Hydra-filled?" Sam asked.
A chilly gust of wind hit him, and he shuttered softly. Goosebumps littering his arm, as he opened the creaky, old, door and began his descent. The creaking of each step making him feel overwhelmed, and unnerved. Add a couple of spiderwebs creepily brushing across the side of his face, causing Tony to stumble a bit. And you have a recipe for ‘being scared shitless’.
"Tony, this place is huge!" Steve whispered. As he and Tony stood in the archway leading to the front foyer.
Tony just stood quietly and crossed his arms. What was so important? And why was he acting so nervous?
Again, Steve was about to protest, but Sam was already heading into the parking lot. Luckily, the guy who owned the car was walking inside the store. Yet still gave the two bumbling idiots a ‘go to hell’ look.
"Cause, I got the Avengers sittin in the back of my car." His thick Boston accent propelled the Avenger's name. However, a hint of sarcasm was in his tone.
Peter chuckled at his Aunt’s message and opened the box. The sweet, hot, and delicious smell of the pizza filled his nose, like an ecstasy-driven trip. He licked his lips; seriously hungry since his last meal was this morning. And it consisted of toast, eggs, and some milk.
“Oh, okay. I’m coming down!” Steve followed Bucky down to the trucks. Locking the door to his old life and moving forward with the one awaiting him in Virginia.
Pulling the pictures, and shredded number out of his pocket, but leaving the burner phone there. The philanthropist looked back to the water. Piece by piece he threw the shredded paper into the water. Then Sam, and Natasha’s pictures followed.
Envy. Envy could do something to a person like Tony. Lashing out through alcoholism, playboy rumors, and no empathy or remorse towards others but himself. But looking back now, as Tony sat quietly during this very long meeting, he honestly remembers some good moments too. More or so with Maria and Jarvis than Howard. Still, good memories overall.
Steve suddenly, could see the worry in his husband's eyes. And instantly froze at that realization. He turned to face the brunette with a question ready to come out.
Steve looked back up to the brunet and noticed how Tony was leaning on the wall looking a bit agitated that the blonde still wasn't saying anything.
Tony sighed in frustration and squatted to see Steve's face. He didn't say anything else. And to be honest, Tony didn't know what else to say.
"Oh...well, as a kid, before I'd go to bed. I use to love looking out to the stars. It use to give fuel to my dreams. All those stars, sitting in a vast and endless space. It truly is just a childhood memory of mine, that I like to continue. And the bridge, has a nice view of it." He said whilst scratching his head, and pointing down the corridor.
Steve just waited and was considering to stop altogether. Each tear that filled in Tony's eyes, was a gut punch to himself. "Tony, I-I can't. Your hurting too much.".
"No, Look, Tony, I know you and Steve aren't on speaking terms! But I need you, and him, to swallow your pride! I need your help, please. I don't have anyone else.".
Natasha and Steve, we're finishing off the rest of the agents, when the energy container began to malfunction. The glass that held the electronic beast began to crack. The roaring sounds growing louder and louder.
When the two broke their kiss and looked around them, faces of shock and amusement is what greeted them. "Seems we've got a crowd." Tony sneered.
Broken branches were scattered around the back porch. A few of the shudders along the barn had been partly tore off. Even a few porch chairs that were on the second floor of said back porch, had blown off and were lying on the right side of the house.
Since Germany, the two of them were simply wanting things to get back to normal. Not just by saving the earth every two weeks, it was more so the friends that both Wanda and Vision made.
"And right there, she'd stop. So I would then begin to complain about why she always stopped right there. She'd never answer me. All I ever got in return was her smile. And that's it." Steve once again did a one-over. There were some newer expressions this time.
Giving him a kiss on the cheek, she gave him a warm smile as her gaze moved from him to the outside world.
"Please don’t give me any more bullshit stories. But seriously, what are you doing here?!" She asked accusingly. A hint of betrayal in her voice.
"Tony... What are you doing?" Steve softly whispered, with the huge sensation of desire in his voice. And just like that, the inevitable happened. Scratch that... 5th oddest thing to occur.
Steve huffed, slightly nodded and waited, even stalling for a bit with some kisses on Tony's neck, before actually starting again. A wince, another wince, and another wince, left Tony's mouth as he slowly continued. By the time they were completely together, one soft and painful moan came from the brunette.
"With a personality like yours, it's no wonder you think Pepper is messing around with someone like me." Steve joked.
And so, the duo headed into the woodland, beyond the shelter, and waited for anything to hopefully pick them up. Well, maybe not everything.
But as he and Sam, crouched and silent from their hiding spot, listened to the hydra agent's ramblings. Even in Russian, Steve was able to pick up on a couple of things the crazed man would say. All thanks to a certain, red-head, assassin, who was probably snapping necks as we speak.
And in the process, she headed back out to find some answers, anyway she could. Natasha was going to find them.
But it was time to stop wussing out. That's not who he was. He was an honest man, someone with character and heart. And leading Pepper on, as if nothing is wrong, is surely a dick move. Looking down at his star emblem, he felt unworthy of it for a moment. It was time to step up, and be an honorable man.
And since Thanos, it would seem as if she was the only one living there. Even with the weekly call-ins to the remaining superheroes, mostly Rhodes, Captain Marvel, Rocket (One of the remaining 'Guardians'), Nebula, and Okoye. She still felt... so, so alone.
Tony felt the desire to attach this to his hand and fly around to do some target practice. Or even to just to see the vitals of the machine. As he treated the suit as if it was living, and breathing. This sent a little pain to his heart.
Steve raced to the edge of the dock and looked all around himself, and the waters below. He couldn't see any bubbles in the water or any signs of broken wood on the dock, which was a good sign. But he still couldn't find their little golden retriever.
The soldier shook his head, agreeing to the terms. "Thank you, Steve." The men headed out of the room.
Later that night, she apologized profusely. So much so, that she had bubbles of snot coming from her nose. Steve forgave her and wiped her face with a wet cloth. He hadn't had another incident from Annie, like that, again. But it was an exhausting experience, to say the least.
The cold air that surrounded the Chimera, this December night, mischievously found its way through the vents. Its howling noises signifying its presence amongst the patrons aboard. Sending literal and metaphorical chills up everyone's spine.
But a door breaking open, and a few screams in response, made her realize that he broke into an apartment. Scaring her even more, than she already was with the situation.
Steve took a few more sips of his whiskey. He didn’t know how to respond right away. So Tony took over.
"Why?" This made Steve's face crinkle in confusion. Tony then cleared his throat, "I mean, why is this important to you?".
A few chuckles followed, and the jokes once again subsided. The drive suddenly grew silent. The atmosphere grew uneasily tense and horrifically awkward. Like even worse than Tony and Steve's eye gazing moments.
He truly lost a lot of trust for Steve. Yet that small part of his heart, that Steve clung to, was aching. Aching for his comfort again. And it was that revelation alone, that he decided to finally speak.
"Yes," Steve finally smiled, "An ass. There's just been something that's been troubling me, Tony, that's all."
His neck was beginning to cramp up with his constant head-turning. He'd looked left, then right, then in front, then behind, then right again. Steve did this numerous times.
‘Pepper, Steve, Peter.’ He thought. The three names that gave him the biggest headache and heartache. One was a love he wanted back, One was a prodigy who looked up to the wrong person, and the other was a friend who broke his heart. A friend who was giving him clues, but clues to what?!
Was it his family? They're all dead now. No mother, no father, no brothers, or sisters. No cousins or nieces to speak of. He had no one left in this time period.
After leaving her room, she headed down the stairs into the living area. Where she could spot her husband in the kitchen. He seemed flustered, looking in a cookbook, and silently cursing to himself.
"An idiot who apparently bought a farmhouse? What's next? Are you going to hire a couple of workers named George and Lennie?!" Bucky teased.
“Me, Bruce, Clint, and Natasha. Thor said he couldn’t make it. And we just thought you busy, and were too lazy to pick up the phone.” Steve stated.
Before she could continue chasing him, the man was long gone. Nat looked around and fled back to the market. While heading back, she announced her dilemma over the comm. No response came. In fact it was just white noise.
"He said that he'll get some people he knows over here to help with finding their hideout. Like... undercover shit." Natasha felt that smug smirk of hers appear on her face.
Steve agreed, and the brunette went to go look upstairs, while also clearly waddling like a penguin. He surprisingly didn't feel too embarrassed about it. Well, at least not with Pepper around.
And finally, he got put in that direction, when a few days ago, Clint had called him to see how he was doing. Which was strange, since he and Clint never were that close. But the two men gained a familiar friendship after Natasha's death.
Steve nodded his head and slowly brought it back to his companion. Whilst also blowing away some inner nerves. "Tony... You and I have been working together for a long time. And we've done and seen so many things together."
"That's because, in certain cases, it is. But not for all. And even then, an excuse for what, Steve? An excuse to forget it and move on. Or an excuse to be better because of it, and rekindle what you've lost." Bruce smiled.
He could actually see the 'iron-man' sitting in there. But really only a silhouette. Nonetheless, he knew it was Tony. And he looked... Alone. No cars weren’t there, so he must've been alone. Just like Pepper told him.
The house, Tony, his little message for him, the family photos on the wall, the soup. Everything just felt so unrealistic to the soldier. He wasn’t at Tony’s house, he was having one of those misleading, horrifyingly realistic, dreams. ‘But at least a good dream.’ Steve thought.
Steve took a step forward, but the other took a step back. Tony was utterly disgusted at the fact, that he was having to deal with this shit again. Except now, it's dealing with sex rather than a simple kiss.
Steve sent his middle finger up in response, but before he could respond, Pepper interjected. "Maybe. All he apparently has to do is talk with my spouse."
"You still never answered my question." She states with a smirk. Surprisingly he didn't have a answer. She looked at him smugly, patted his back, and walked off. "Good work Rogers." He mumbles to himself.
Tony just stood at the sink window, watching his husband heave the snow on opposite ends of the driveway. It warming his heart to see how productive and sporadic he is. Albeit, sometimes at a great annoyance to the brunette.
The biggest indicator was the dusty crumpled-up letter, that sat atop a box right at the stairwell. Steve never got to reading the mysterious letter, or who sent it. But he kept it, just in case he ever felt curious enough to read one day.
Before he could respond, a wave of horrific flashes hit his subconscious. More specifically, his kidnapped days, and that bloody cave from Iraq.
'Wait, I can find them myself. Yeah, I can do this. I don't need, Tony, Wanda, or Vision.' She thought pridefully.
He rubbed a hand across his face and returned to his original sleeping position, wanting to not riddle out the nightmare any further. Promptly hearing the soft breathing of the other in the room.
It was a cold, wet, October morning. A typical Virginian thunderstorm rolled through the night before. Leaving a heavy set of debris all along the front and back yards.
So it looks like Steve doesn’t care for the 5-second rule. Tony apparently doesn’t know how to finish a milkshake. And the two fools are apparently ditching the reunion. Comment down below where you guys think there wanting to go?
There were a few others on the other side of the room, and the only other Avengers that were there that night were Clint and Bruce. Who, were currently in their rooms fast asleep.
And truthfully, he didn't even care that he had thought Tony was gorgeous. Why deny his own feelings any longer? Steve was going to move away, to a new house, with a new purpose. Why not just accept this new ideal he has and see how it goes?
"Who doesn't know that story. It's one of your most famous." She stated. Her voice was strong, but there was a sarcastic tone to it.
Tony was really intrigued at Steve’s fascination with him at this moment. Call him an attention whore, or an ego-maniac, but he really appreciated Steve’s genuine interest. Surprisingly, their distant relationship from before, only seemed to continually grow, as the day went on.
The men just gave him expression of empathy, and pity. Steve took notice to this, and was immediately annoyed.
But before anything else was thought about Pepper, more of his past love-life started to come out. Tony's eyes fell upon, of all things, the Brooklyn Diner. Generally one of the last places he had a good experience with ‘him’.
Silence befell them both. Tony being flabbergasted at the fact that she called him. And Natasha with her weak response, and soft tone. Which, was so unlike her.
Steve found the young woman sitting alone, looking somberly and glumly, in the back of a narrow hallway. The carpet that she tapped her feet against was shaggy and was a bright, red, hue. He asked the staff of the facility if she was needing a place to stay. They confirmed his assumption and had informed him of her troubled past. The soldier then took a seat next to the sniffling woman. Her head was down, with her curly, elbow-length, hair covering her face.
He moved out of the doorway to let Steve in. The resentment toward the soldier was still there, but the anger that came with it, faded with time. He was willing to put that aside, and see, what in the world, he wanted to talk about.
"I mean Dr. Phil is a very underrated show. Pepper and I watch it every now and then." Tony joked. He was honestly wanting to continue as well. He almost got caught. Why are his feelings so shaken? What caused this between him and Steve? Are his feelings for Pepper dwindling, not as strong as they were before? Tony was truly in a unique situation.
Annalise introduced herself, giving a small speech about the property itself, and then ushered the men inside.
"Cool, cool..." Clint answered. Another question popped in his head, yet he doesn't really want to ask it. His better judgement was hitting him like a brick wall. A few more questions would only be answered through dry responses of slight aggravation. So why add fuel to an already burning fire?
Everyone just stared at the aggravated philanthropist. Everyone knew that he was right, including Fury.
"Oh you know, the same as always. Stressful, exhausting, and lately, terrifying." She huffed in disappointment, "But do you want to know something, I wouldn't trade it for anything else. To be frank, I wouldn't even quit. Which is what I want you to do.".
"Should I be worried, that you're still calling me "buddy"? You know... since we've already kissed and... made love." Steve's face cringed at how childish he sounded.
Annie, convincingly, went belligerent. Shouting & crying profusely. Even kicking her feet around, until she noticed Tina wasn’t looking anymore.
They just sat on the floor, side by side, and stared at the crackling flames of the fireplace. Relishing in the memory of what had occurred. After a few minutes, or an hour, no one really knows. They both realized that Pepper would be home soon.
"Right down to business. Okay, Rogers. And by the way, you can call me Tony." The philanthropist walked back into the kitchen and sat on one of the stools near the kitchen island.
Steve just stood there. He didn't really know how to process what he said. Did Tony Stark, an egotistical, arrogant, philanthropist; who he just met a few days ago, tell him that he's comfortable talking about 'sensitive things' with him.
With the darkness, came the silence as well. Yet not for long. As Sam's attempt at comedic relief, complaints, or really any type of conversing was anything but helpful.
"Oh really, am I that boring to be around?" Following Tony pulling on Steve's chain, the soldier looked to him unimpressed.
And has it changed since then? Nope, it's even more unbearable now with time. Nat really wishes she didn't remember that day at all. Hoping that the last few years have been nothing but a dream. Or in this case, a night terror.
Tony rubbed his head in annoyance. And sighed into the phone. "Natasha, I want to help. I do." He asserted before Natasha cut him off.
But in all seriousness, thank god for delivery. The trio, since there time in exile, has never tried to sit in a restaurant. Or even, run out in public without either being wrapped up in stealthy disguises, or ordering delivery with the few cents they have.
"I get it, Tony. Except it wasn't only Steve for me. It was everyone. Out of the corner of my eyes, I thought I'd seen you, but... you guys weren't there." Natasha felt her chance at being vulnerable was bringing back too many painful memories, but she kept her composure.
Both men were smiling now. Tony then removed Steve's hand and interlinked their arms. He proceeded to walk with Steve, down to the side of the war table. The brunette put in a password, and the table began lowering itself beneath the flooring.
Once it was all said and done, the two began their feast. The clanging of forks against glass, and soft chewing grew obnoxiously loud rather quickly. So Steve decided to fill the air with a simple question.
"Tony it's okay. Please don't..." Steve stated, before turning around to find a confused, and a bit heated, Tony.
She laughed softly. To which, Tony took this time to view her apparel, only getting a glimpse of it earlier. Not to be judgmental or anything like that. Mostly, to see what Natasha whipped up in such a short time.
"Hmph? Oh, sure!" Peter tried his best to keep his composure, "I... I just wanted to ask you something else? If that's okay with you, sir?".
Steve was about to answer, but Natasha finally interjected herself into their conversation. "I've already got that covered.".
Tony began to walk in the opposite direction until Steve spoke up. "Judging by your face throughout. I'm guessing you understood what it meant to you."
Steve walked in cautiously, and slowly. Noticing Tony's reaction made him feel as if he was foreigner in a different land. He paid Steve no attention, as he knew why he was here. And honestly, he didn't want to feel like a poster boy for the NAMI foundation. None the less, Steve still walked eerily up to him. The silence between them was starting to thicken. Their ears began to feel clogged with it.
"You do know that it's 4 in the morning right?" He stated groggily. Rubbing one of his eyes in the process.
He continually smiled, boyishly, and retreated to his work. Humming a church hymn his 'Ma use to sing to him.
“Come on, you guys are tired. And I don’t want you driving this late at night!” Steve crossed his arms around his chest.
Steve chuckled and looked around before parking the car nearby. The team exited, and carefully trekked to the dark building beyond them.
Steve nodded at this. Whilst shoving some more fries, impaled by the fork he used to cut them, into his mouth.
The blonde then contacted Clint, and then, Bruce. Clint would be busy most of the day but said he'd at least be able to help Steve load some of his things into the trucks. Bruce said that he'd be available and would be there first thing tomorrow morning.
The next few months would be torturous. A new enemy, accidentally made by a egotistical philanthropist, would not only bring the group back together, it would eventually cause one of their most devastating battles. The battle of Sokovia.
Just a week ago, he tried to hold her hand. In which, to his dismay, she swiped it away vigorously. The blonde looked to her ex-lover with eyes of shock. Tony knew he overstepped, and oh how he tried to fix the situation.
The other now moved his hand to the back of Steve's neck. Deepening their kiss, which the blonde didn't seem to mind. When they separated, the two shared a loving glance, before Tony rolled to the other side. Steve scooting closer, to spoon him. His lips now giving small kisses to Tony's neck.
Once Steve was able to resuscitate her. He called a family meeting and set up the ground rules that the kids would have to follow. If they broke any of these rules, they would be given the three-strikes deal.
Maria and Clint raised their hands, once their brains connected the dots of Natasha’s obvious reference, as the others just stared in confusion. Nat smiles in response and the gang headed into the elevator. Once the doors closed, Clint made it apparent that he and Nat had the same mindset.
And just like that, Tony was once again, alone and left in silence. He took some more deep breaths before heading back to the monitor. He brought it up, and worked on some calculations.
And so, he got up, dressed quickly, and was out on the bridge, watching the employees monitoring Shield's location. And also snickering at Agent Hill yelling at a co-worker for eating her breakfast that morning.
She took a few more sips of her coffee. And as she did this, Bruce had entered the lounge area, and smiled timidly at her.
Steve still gazed in his defeated manner. Yet, it turned into confusion, when Tony turned around to him, and pointed at him with a concerned look.
She took a few shots toward the men, and missed horribly. Needless to say, deforestation is Black Widow with a Hydra weapon. The two hydra men almost laughed in response.
Regardless, whoever was still left aboard the Chimera was surely suffering. The temperature outside would only rise to 15 degrees. Due to the fact, that they are currently a flying ice block, in the sky. Inside, Tony was only able to get the temperature to a toasty 45 degrees. They'll be fine... sort of.
He just stared at Steve, a bit baffled, but yet no words left his lips. It wasn't because he misunderstood what Steve was meaning. The soldier told him that he would have sex with him if it was for one night.
Pepper, knows it's an awkward, polite gesture, so she just pulls him into hug. After releasing from her soft grip, Steve looked a bit shocked. "You know, you don't have to act awkward around me. I know we don't know each other that much, or really at all, but if you need a friend, I'm always here." She reassured him.
The house soon fell quiet once more. Once there embrace ended, Steve softly laid his head down onto Tony's. Forehead meeting forehead, and nose meeting nose. He took his index finger and wiped the single tear from Tony's cheek. That strange tear, whatever it was, became something special between the two.
"Steve, I've had a lot of time to think about this. And like I said, you and he have this special bond. A comforting bond, that I've tried to give him. And I know he's tried to accept my version of it. Yet, he's lying to himself, when he does, and to me." She reassured the super-soldier, "Now that you and him have done everything. I can at least have some ease knowing that, even though I didn't want it to happen, at all. It was at least by you. And I can try and live with that.".
Steve laughed for the last time tonight, and told him goodnight. Heading toward the door, Steve felt Tony’s hand hold his arm, in a firm grip, and thanked him softly. Steve nodded, and Tony let go.
"No, not the ice. But that really doesn't matter does it? It's still a nightmare. It still sucks either way.".
Simultaneously, Tony would still be haunted by his experience in New York. Which in turn, grew his paranoia of wanting to save the people with newer suits, and gadgets. Which that would coincide with the strain that he put, on his and Pepper's relationship. Eventually leading to a slight break between the two. Unbeknownst to Tony, is an enemy of his, would create a fake terrorist group (The Mandarin), to deceive him, and try to assassinate the president. Their house would be demolished, and Pepper would be kidnapped, and experimented on as well. Eventually he was able to find her, and save her, and was able to save the president in the nick of time. Afterward, Tony would retire from being Iron Man, as he would have surgery to remove the shrapnel near his heart.
"Earlier... I had bumped into her in town. We talked for a little bit, well me and Nat did. And I told her everything. Of course she was hurt that you or me didn't say anything, and by the fact that we did it as well. But I had to tell her. We both know, that it would've eaten us up if we kept that a secret all this time.".
Everyone knows that the Avengers are broken. And that 'Iron-Man' and 'Captain America' are seriously in shambles, in terms of friendship. However, if they could put their issues past them, they could catch Hydra before anything more sinister would take place.
He didn’t say anything. His face hadn’t changed, yet his eyes stayed glued on the soldier. Steve looked to the philanthropist and waited for his response. Maybe his laugh was overstepping.
While Steve turned around, ready to open his car door, Tony grabbed the handle first. "Jesus Tony, what are you doing?! What the hell do you want from me?!".
Tony laughed hard at his comment, along with Clint and Bruce backing him up. Nat would glare at Tony, but changed it when she looked at Steve with a slight bit of concern. Thor was just as confused as Steve was.
"I was in a rough place in my life. And those times just helped me pass the time. But none of them were even close to what we just did." Tony attested.
Once the jet landed, all noises subsided. The team could hear some cars in the distance, but the eerie silence of this street was deafening. Cars demolished, sidewalks covered in feet of broken glass, and the sounds of crumbling buildings made the team shiver where they stood. The Avengers just stood a-gaped. Steve was the most destroyed by the level of destruction left. He suddenly flashed back to when the Chitauri came at them full force, and all he could see was just peril and scarred faces. He never wished to see it again.
It makes Bruce loosen his tie, as he simultaneously grabs the drink off the counter. He sips it slowly, as she and him do not break eye contact. Their gazes seem to make time stand still once more.
Once there, she pretty much told the man a surprisingly believable lie. To which Vision relented in letting her leave so abruptly. Even if it was to go get her hair, nails, and makeup done.
Every morning, her alarm would go off at 6:30. And she would whine in agony. She'd get out of her bed, take a shower, freshen up, and head over to Stark's mansion, to see what pain Tony would put her through that day.
Silence filled the room. Many people did have stories. They just weren't made to be told in a storytelling format. "Fine. Then I guess, I can bore you guys with one of my old man tales." Steve smirked mischievously.
Steve just stared into Tony's comforting eyes. I guess he started to feel that 'schoolgirl crush' as his heart, for the first time in 70 years, fluttered. Unbeknownst to the men, Nat was watching their eye fucking situation, and grew bored with it.
While he begun to pick his body up, the brunette pulled him back onto himself. Steve giggled softly at this, while the iron-man picked his head up and gave him a deep, final kiss. But it wasn't passionate like before. It was a thankful, appreciative, connection.
"What do you want me to do Tony?! I literally destroyed any inch of sanity you had left, because of my own selfish desires! I'm not going to stay here, if all I'm going to do is make you cry, and confused, and question your marriage...".
Then without warning, or thought really. Steve brought his hand slowly to the device. His fingers grazing across the metal. It's buzzing sensation, vibrating the soldier's palm.
Natasha chuckled and walked moderately to the room that Sam and Steve shared. Once there, she could see her companion sitting quietly on his bed. And yes, he was reading. A book she never heard of called: A Tree Grows In Brooklyn.
He took her invitation and snuggled her in a comforting embrace. The other taking a hand off the wooden spoon, and set it gently on his face, while also gazing her eyes upon his.
Howard Stark, a man with high standards, class A+ parenting, and one of the greatest CEO of Stark Industries ever! I really hope you could hear the sarcasm in that statement.
But as if it was a light switch turning on, a certain memory suddenly filled Natasha’s brain. Almost like an alarm system, it gave her an answer to a question. A question she would ask Steve all the time, since their time out here, which was always responded with an ‘I don’t want to talk about it’.
The man looked at them with pride, even smiled, with trickles of blood seeping from his busted lips. He sipped some of the blood into his mouth, and then spat it onto Sam’s face.
The game ended right then and there, but they found some karaoke in the living room as a nice substitute.
The team eventually stood to their feet, well lifting Steve on his, and looked to the destruction before them. "Jesus, so much for keeping ourselves on the down-low." Sam teased.
She relented and was going to head outside to feed the chickens and goat. "Don't worry about that, honey. I fed them before you came down." Tony announced.
The first thing Steve noticed about him, was his eyes. Those brown, yet sometimes slightly green in the sunlight, eyes. Then he moved away to Tony's entire face. No emotion, just a simple expression of shock.
But anyway, the blip, the snap, whatever you'd call it. Steve still was helping people. Tony felt himself give off a smug smirk. 'Typical Rogers.' He thought.
Tony looked up at him after that last sentence. Swallowing the last of the nuts, his face just read, amusingly confused. His train of thought however, was going haywire. Why would he be concerned? Or at least this much, to get back up from his deep sleep and talk to him?
A dozen or so Hydra agents stood around a clear plasma container. The blue and purple shots of electric energy smacked at the glass with vengeance. Some of the agents stumbling back a bit, at their close proximity.
Tony realized that he was still naked, in Steve's bed. Normally, he would've already been heading for the showers, got dressed, and in the lab working on repulsers.
The day. 'The' day is almost here. The day, that forever changed their lives, and everyone else's. That godawful, horrible, day that Thanos arrived, and completely broke the Avengers.
That is until one of the bots suddenly whirled on with terrifying speed. Its body now hovering over the tub and seemingly pulling up an arm repulsor. Its trajectory was for one Kamala Khan.
“Well, what happened to them afterward?” Wanda asked curiously. She was really. It honestly kind of dumbfounded her that they could’ve been an item. But hey, who was she to judge? Seriously she’s currently in love with a reanimated robot. That’s a beautiful table topic.
For the rest of the ride to Peter's apartment, it was silent. But as he opened the door, the teen looked back to his mentor, “It was nice to talk to you Mr. Stark.”.
The soldier had been contemplating if he and Tony should get a motel room since it would be ridiculous to try and find the house at this hour. He knew the philanthropist would have no objections... if the motel was nice enough.
Tony smiles with him as he recognized Steve's obvious parallel. Truthfully, they wanted to have these moments, to grow as people.
Nat and Clint just stayed quiet. They knew that any more input would only cause more turmoil. But Natasha felt her tears flow down her cheek. Ever since that day, no matter where, no matter how hard she's tried to forget that face. It would appear to her. In the bathroom, the living area, her bedroom; no where was safe from her guilt. Even after all this time, and all she's experienced since. Her truest regret was the horrifying thought, that her true nature would come out. The nature that she was a monster.
Suddenly, a sharp pain came from the back of his head. The man touched it gently, slightly stroking his fingers across the area. Then it came to him.
And with that, Peter was back to his insisting questions of what the next mission holds. Sure the assignment in Germany was cool, but he’s was ready for something more drastic. Typical teenagers am I right?
But now he had a way to fill it. He could find a home that could replace this someone, with a time he remembers. A home that he thought he could never have. However... to what cost?
" Oh god! I think my throats parched... Testosterone. Sorry I guess I need some water." Nat teased, "But anyway, Number 2. How... was your night?" She asks him with an 'I know what you did' tone.
The landlord was putting away the documents that Steve had already signed when he got up from the table. Steve broke away from Tony’s eyes, to politely stand as well. Richard smiled at the super-soldier, extending his hand for Steve to shake it. The soldier took his hand and shook it firmly.
Unlike most people, Kamala was very observant of her surroundings. She could see from the minute she laid eyes on Steve, that he wanted to dance. And when she discovered his cautious eye gazing. The little avenger just put two and two together.
It was a decent New York styled diner. Clint had been here a few times since their first time in the city. He actually recalls a time that him, Tony, and Bruce came in one morning, after an exhausting battle somewhere across the sea. They sat at a nearby table, and pretty much talked 'guy talk'. This encounter was just weeks after Tony and Steve's comfort session. So there conversation was pretty straightforward and calming. A snap in his face from an agitated Natasha, brought Clint back to reality.
Tony couldn’t believe what he was seeing. Steve Rogers was a nervous wreck. And for what? For wanting to talk to Tony? Sure, there not on good terms. But from that last 5 minutes, it seems as if they’re doing well.
As when she'd make her return, she used to offer it to the boys. Who would politely decline as they wanted to take the hit for the team. Which of course, was responded with her comment, "You guys are seriously dumb! Like for real?!".
They had sat there in silence for god knows how long. Until Tony finally had spoken. "Well... I guess you want to be alone, right now. And that's fine, you just need time to think. I'll just... head to bed."
On this night, it was strangely quiet and inactive, considering the tower was expecting a reunion. A reunion of epic proportions. But that didn't mean it was a happy-go-lucky time of nostalgic memories. If Fury needed them again, it must be for something big. And speaking of Fury, who stood at the bar with Nat as his bartender, was definitely excited for tonight's events. "This is going to be one interesting night." Fury teased.
“Just be happy that you at least have Stark in your life, man. That should be enough, even if it isn’t where you want the relationship to be. But you need some happiness in your life, Steve. Seriously, if anyone needs some damn happiness in their life. It's you.
“Yeah, there were other ways. But to me, it seems like this one worked. Just, next time-there better not be a next time. We try something a little less messy.” Pepper slightly implored.
Once there breathing slowed, Steve lifted himself off of Tony. The sweating between the two was unimaginable. Like they just walked through the Amazon, unimaginable. He finally unconnected from Tony, with a whine from him, and the two slumped into the floor.
Steve never did get an answer as to why, as he was more than ready to try, but he never pressed it. He was willing to wait for Tony as long as he had to. The same reason he was willing to wait to tell everyone. They had plans to eventually tell everyone soon. Steve just didn’t realize it was this soon.
Tony agreed, to Steve's amazement. And everyone called it after 2 a.m. So it was just Steve & Tony who were up at the moment. The philanthropist was currently in the master bath taking a shower.
"All you need to know is I lied to Tony about something important. Then I hurt him pretty badly. Unforgivingly, in my opinion. And yet, here we are. It's been 7 years and we still haven't really talked it out. I'm getting worried that Tony's trying to let me back in, and forgive & forget, without us trying to squash that first.
“No, thank you. I’m alright withstanding.” Steve’s voice kind of croaked a bit. He was really showing that he was nervous.
The two battles that occurred that day, were fought with every strength that both sides could bring. But Thanos had something up his sleeve. An infinity gauntlet, that powered with the 6 infinity stones could grant the Mad Titan anything he desired.
His hand flew back down to his side. He swallowed and fixed his coat that he was wearing. The walking inside seemed to be heading for the door. Steve licked his lips, took some breaths, stretched his collar, ran his fingers through his hair, tapped his feet. The door opened.
She walked over and glared sheepishly at the mobile device. Hesitant to make anything really happen. Her fingers grazed upon the metal, with her hand cradling the device as if it was a child.
all that I have. And you let her be taken away. But even when she came back, I thought she could let me live with her. But she can't, and I can't even be mad at her for it.".
Driving down highway 95, Steve took a glance at Tony. Who, was methodically looking up more and more properties for Steve to look at. To the super-soldier's surprise, Tony had also created a list of homes for him. All along the east coast starting near New York, and going down, as far as Virginia. The first house they're heading for is an old, single-family home near Philadelphia.
A few months later, once everyone was gone and Steve was beginning to feel settled in his new house. Two letters came in the mail. One was from a random person with no return address. The other was from Tony.
He continually looked to Steve with a shit-eating grin. His most famous of grins. He knew it, he had to.
Something about this morning, felt so strange, yet satisfying. He eventually sat up and pulled his legs over the side of the bed. As he began to rub his eyes, while also letting a yawn out, he tried to stand up.
Steve quickly, went under the dashboard and began to Hotwire the car. A few times it sparked, but nothing happened. He muttered a few profanities, as he still tried to get the car to start.
The chilly air that was still creeping through the vents, was combated with the warm nature resonating from their kiss.
Tony and Rhodes, who stayed cordial, tried to get back to normal life. But with Tony, he knew normalcy was no longer a virtue. The letter that Steve had given him after their clash in Siberia, gave him a little bit of hope, of redemption with Cap. But like their promiscuous act, a few years back, it became nothing more but a forgotten story.
"You don't think I know that, Tony! I didn't want to confuse you or make you chose between me and your family. I guess I just wanted to... help you? Shit, I don't even know what I'm trying to say anymore!".
The sun blinded Pepper as she awoke. The room having hues of pink, yellow, and blue. Sometimes she wished they switched their bedroom with the guest room. At least that one didn't have a window that at every morning would blind them awake.
With all this in mind, Tony sat on the couch in his living area. A spacious area in the backside of his property, that Pepper and he bought a few years back. The room itself, or really the whole house, was wooden.
Even something simple as turning down a house property was bringing back painful memories that he thought he'd move on from.
Kamala stood by and watched it unfold. It all played out like clockwork. Steve walking over to Tony. Him putting his hand on Tony's lower back, consciously or not. And Tony's smile growing bigger and bigger, once Steve had finally asked him.
The soldier was about to head back up to the house and investigate there, if it wasn't for a strange light blinding him. It was coming from beyond the river, just above the horizon line.
Steve remembers the genuine smile that Natasha had the entire time. Tony even teased her about it. "Someone got this one to smile? Am I witnessing a miracle right now?!".
The super-soldier went ballistic. Furious at how immature & careless Tommy went about the situation, and how he’s been acting. It even shocked Ziggy at how loud Steve was being.
Tony seemed fine with it, but truthfully Steve could tell the philanthropist was only seeming that way because he was tired. The brunet began to take off his clothes, Steve turning around to give the man privacy.
Steve stood in a severely, itchy-like, stance, with a face that read: impatient. Finally, the ringing on the other end-stopped, and surprisingly Natasha answered.
Heading back downstairs, she turned off the fireplace, and the lights. But not before drinking some shots of a secret stash of Vodka, left in the kitchen. She took about 3 shots, before she cleaned her glass, and turned out the kitchen lights as well.
It was 7:30. The sun was disappearing beyond the horizon. Leaving a dark pink/blue hue to the sky above. The day already was leaving the team. And to them, their day seriously flew by.
"So Man... um... How long have you been a taxi driver?" He asked almost immediately. 'Awkward small talk never hurt anyone?'.
They all didn't say anything, indicating that they don't. Tony was more surprised that Nat and Clint didn't. I mean they do work there. Before anymore updates on their situation occurred, a helicopter was near and beginning to land. "Never mind, I guess he just knew." He said softly. The team climbed into their safe haven and flew off.
He shuddered momentarily. Looking to his fingers to see any blood, because Tony was dramatic like that. No blood in sight, so he sighed in defeat.
Tony nodded in return. But felt utter destroyed inside. How could he do that to Pepper?! She was the one woman who made him feel alive again. Someone so feisty, good-hearted, and who was also smart as he was. Tony's attention however, was brought back to Steve, as he started.
Two people, two men, always arguing, always on opposite sides, were now coming together in the most vulnerable of bonds. Seriously, how did they get to this point?
"Annie already had the doll last night, Stevie! And I asked her if I could play with her today. But she said no!" Tina complained.
As the door opened, the landlord ushered the men into the home. And after a quick look around, Steve realized that the layout was similar to that of the Philadelphia house. The main foyer splitting the house into three different sections. Except this time, Steve was delighted to see the old-fashioned nature of the home.
"Oh! Sorry, um, yes... I 'have' been not eating lately. Only, because of the news with Fury and him needing us again. It's made me... a little... nervous." Steve told.
Including his buried act of kissing Steve all those years back. He didn't even hesitate, it just came out with a vengeance. As if he was dying to tell someone other than himself.
"Dang it! I suppose I can check to see if there's any on the internet." She added. Now heading back to her room to go test her theory.
An hour passes and the two find the house sitting quietly off the road. A few trees surrounding it, with the landlord standing by the front porch.
"Tony..." Steve looked almost disappointed, "Your with Pepper. Which means, this shouldn't happen. I don't even know what this is, to be frank. It's truthfully not right, to be kissing someone else if your in a relationship. No matter if she said it was okay or not. And you and I both know, that she would probably leave you, if she knew about this."
Steve suddenly thought he was dreaming. Was he back in the ’40s again? Did he somehow turn back time and come back to the life he once knew? Or was everything with the Avengers, with Natasha, Sam, and Bucky, with Tony... all a realistic dream.
Looking at her, Bruce could feel his heart flutter. All he wanted to do was just pick her up, and hold her in his arms. But arms that wouldn't crush her, arms that would protect her, arms that would comfort her.
"Look I hear where your coming from Stark. And if you would've let Pepper finish. I did find a solution to this.".
Wanda kept quiet momentarily, before speaking back up, “Look, I know that you and Steve want us to be around, but I’m telling you we’re tired of it. I’m tired of this. I just want to go somewhere where I’m not perceived as this... this thing that killed people a year ago.”
Yet what she couldn’t wrap her head around was at the fact that, this affected Steve and Tony, in a more intimate way than usual. They fought constantly, so what was worse about this one disagreement?
Sam didn't have his wings, let alone his weapons. Steve didn't have his shield, which was for a completely irrelevant reason. His suit was tattered, and he could feel the pain, around his head area, grow with vigorous relevancy.
Sadly, Steve's odds were met, when a shot blast sent him sprawling onto the ground. With a bloody wreckage near his abdomen, ever so present. Sam tended to his friend and picked him up quickly.
Meanwhile, Steve, Clint, and Bruce tried their best to lift the large piece of concrete. Nothing. Bruce could see the trickle of blood start to flow from underneath. Clint suddenly, spiraled around to find something to leverage it. He luckily found a piece of iron from the glass panes, on the other side of the room.
The super-soldier kept his gaze away. He then, sighed in defeat and looked at him, "To be honest Bruce, I have no idea! I'd like to say we're inseparable. But it feels
Steve sighed in relief. He looked to his feet below him. And took another breath. His hand came back up to the door. His knuckles were mere inches from the screen door.
The Sokovia accords being one of them. Which in turn, divided our heroes, on opposing sides. Including the friendship of Steve and Tony being disintegrated, and in no way of fixing itself.
Steve sighed but agreed. Nat relented and went to find Fury, to discuss about their next mission. For the first time in his life, Steve didn't want to be honest. He knew it could a ruin a relationship, a friendship with Pepper, and a somewhat relationship with Tony. Again, the latter being the lesser one to worry about.
"Listen! Your job as superheroes, is to save the world.  And you did that. And So, your job now is to wait, until a new threat comes along, and we need you. In the meantime, you guys are free to do anything you want. Play at the park, raise a family. Hell, you can plan a damn wedding, for all I care." He continued, "But that's just how it goes, Stark. You can't save everyone. And the sooner you get that through your head. The sooner you'll stop wasting mine, and everyone else's time.".
"Mr. Rogers over here, has been beating himself up since we left. He had literally been chewing himself out, because we went there to help. And I for one, never want to see that again." He relinquished, as he sat a hand on Steve's upper arm. The two began their gazing once more. Pepper had now noticed it. She swallowed, giving a slightly confused look.
But through all the drama, the avengers would get the information they needed from their reunion. And they were definitely not pleased.
Steve took some deep breaths as he crossed the parking lot of the, rather packed, diner. His palms were sweaty, his walking was sluggish, and he could feel himself panicked. Why you may ask? Well, it's pretty straightforward. He was nervous as hell. Nervous about many things, but the reunion was the major culprit. He hadn't seen his Avenger colleagues, except Nat, in years. And a lot has changed in his life.
"Well since we are having a reunion tonight. We do need to keep our mouths shut about... Tony and his 'situation' with Pepper. Last thing we need is more drama with his love life." Nat persisted.
Tony. He knew Natasha told Sam about their ‘situation’. And honestly, he’s kind of glad she did. It was weighing on him, that he didn’t know the real reason why Siberia’s events were so much more personal.
"Well, for starters, Mr. Savior of the Universe over here won't shut up about what he got for Morgan last Christmas," Clint stated nonchalantly.
"Nat, I can still help over here. I have some clever people who can help track them down." He assured the Russian.
In the last few weeks, Tony was able to mend his relationship with Pepper. But was put on probation by her. Which pretty much consisted of one thing. Iron Man would be temporarily put out of service.
But regretted it, as the two men shot their weapons toward her in response. She flipped upward, dodging the energy blasts. More blasts sent her toward the crowds. She needed to get the civilians away. So she ushered the people away from the crazed men.
For whatever reason, Tony never left home without it. It always stayed in his left pocket, ready for the call. The call that would be filled with yelling, screaming, rage, and even fury. But then it would calm, and the voices would lessen to a demand, until completely shattering into a tone of remorse, and sorrowful pity.
The silhouette of a burly, broad-shouldered man coming into view. It was Steve, Tony didn't need to be awake to realize that. The soldier was carrying a tray filled with burgers, fries, water bottles, and sauce packets on the edge. A visible two sets of each item, for the presumption that Steve was hoping he'd be awake.
Steve shrugged his shoulders, "No reason, really. You two just seem good together. But, why did you lie to her, when she was trying to calm you down. I mean, I know that I'm old fashioned, and forgive me for my prying, but that doesn't seem great to me.".
Luckily, he noticed his gun wielding, machine-winged friend, at a table, a few feet from him. And to his surprise, a man sitting opposite him. It wasn't anyone he knew. This man looked a bit heavy, decent hair style, and seemed intimidating from afar.
"Hmm? Oh, of course. Please forgive me of that." Her tone cracked from a clear attempt at conviction.
It took everything in him, to not give him some comfort right then and there. And that time, the philanthropist wasn’t tied down to a relationship. But he couldn’t. Tony was too hurt for anything.
And that’s all Peter wanted most. For his life to not be so complicated. Having to hide his identity from Aunt May, keeping it from his friends, and yet at the same time, wanting to impress his idol; was truly so much for just a teenager.
Steve, Natasha, Sam, and all the other remaining Avengers (Including Thor, and Bruce), fought alongside T'Challa, and his kingdom, against Thanos's armies arriving in the African country, Wakanda.
But once the joking subsided for a bit, the trio looked to their surroundings. Even though, all three of them have been in Manhattan many times. Just seeing it at night is truly such a beautiful thing to witness.
Tony could see the authenticity in Steve's response, his posture, his tone, his everything! He really was telling the truth. All the more reason for Tony's mindset to be completely diminished at this point.
That one, stood tall, yet small compared to the others. Barely a firm roof to boast about. Carpets who? They had squeaky hardwood. Curtains why? They had blankets. Truly, it was an honest shithole for those first few days.
The two men were damn near gawking at the house, even when they both had left the car and were walking up towards it. The sheer size of the exterior making Steve feel somewhat small but still excited nonetheless!
"That's about five feet in distance." She replied, "Is this a hint of some laziness? Coming from you?".
His hairstyle usually being a typical pompadour, swept to either side rather than back. Was right now, disheveled and messy.
"You don't get to say that! You have no idea what it was like! Seeing a kid, who looked up to you and felt comforted by you. To literally obliterate from existence, completely turn into nothing but ash!" Tony retaliated, "And even if we did have sex Cap. You and I both know, that it would be for absolutely nothing. And the fact that you would've thought I would've said yes. Just completely freakin’ shows you aren't the honorable man that everyone-that I... thought you were."
The 'man out of time' could see Tony's eyes sting with water. His hands were almost shaking, as they tried to hold onto Steve's arms with determination.
And it had to be today. He had to leave and finally put an end to this issue. The super-soldier was so sick of having to deal with shit.
Steve offered a room for Ziggy to stay in. Telling her that he needed some company and that her sister would be given the address and would be allowed to visit anytime she liked.
Their embrace ends, and Tony exits with a redder face than Nat's hair color. Steve keeps his smile, but loses it once he thinks of his plan. 'I'm killing two birds with one stone with this. I have to help, and protect those who need it. Who am I, if I don't?' Steve thought. He found his suit, and threw it on. He was going to take a journey. A journey back to New York, unauthorized of course, to help the people of New York. Who most now, don't have homes or cars or anything. And by heading back, this could give Tony the chance to let go of his 'schoolgirl crush' on him. This wasn't Tony's fault, but it has to be done.
"Thank You. Now, get that stick out of your ass, and put it somewhere where it will make you happy." The blonde walked back into their bedroom to get dressed.
Well, to him, Steve was just being his usual paranoid, protective self. He can remember many times, back at the compound, when he'd tell Tony to get some sleep, for Clint to take a shower after a mission. Even before all of that, when he’d tell Bucky to check himself for ticks or fleas since he and his family had 2 dogs. It was just in Steve's nature to be an almost 'mother hen' of sorts.
When they stopped cursing, the two stood in utter embarrassment. Tony looked up to Steve; felt his face grow stricken, and utterly looked regretful.
The group disbanded, all taking their theories with them. Steve returned the stool and was heading deeper into the ship before a hand softly grabbed his arm. He turned to see Tony looking at him, his eyes twinkling with admiration.
Tony knew where they were, but now, no one else knew. And they weren’t going to know. The location of Steve Rogers, Natasha Romanov, and Sam Wilson, were now only known by Tony Stark. And that was something he cherished between him and his ex-friends.
"Nat was, of course, the one to joke about me having, intercourse with you. We chuckled about it, but Pepper didn't like even acknowledge it. She looked like she was thinking. So when I asked her if she was okay? And She just... all of sudden, agreed with Nat." Steve babbled.
Ziggy, of course, was talking about the April Fool's prank she did on Steve. Where she had pretended to call Stark in hopes that would get a reaction.
"It's a surprise. Just know that it'll be some time soon." Steve placed a final kiss onto Tony's lips. Ignoring the other's questions, the super-soldier walked further into the ship. Tony eventually going in the opposite direction to the lab.
Pepper looked around at the trees, surrounding their property. Their sway-like dance, adding to the beauty of it all. She even gazed over to the beautiful lake sitting a few yards from their property.
Steve smiled, and got up from his bed. Tony could now see that the Cap wore some boxers to sleep. "Thank God!" Tony sighed under his breath. Steve noticed it, yet he ignored it. He found Tony's flustering manner entertaining, as it may have to do with him being nearly nude.
Tony felt his heartbeat irregular pump, and he took a sharp inhale. "What the hell do you mean she agreed?! Or are you lying out your ass right now?!"
"Yes, you guys I'm okay! I'm honestly glad to see you all again." Steve scooted closer to the edge of the cushion, "So enough about me, how have y'all been?".
Sam nodded and softly laid his friend on a wall that faced away from their enemy. He swiftly looked through some crates in the room, next to Steve, with the agent's gun blasts becoming more present, vast in numbers.
She eventually made Steve's plate, and sat it in front of him. A slice of meat, a hint of mashed potatoes, and of course, a huge amount of peas. To most kids, this would seem like a small portion. But to Steve, it was all he needed, all he wanted. Just as long as he had food in front of him, he was grateful.
Bring up the 5 years without the Avengers, or without Steve, and Tony would laugh in your face. This was a completely different type of sleeplessness. A dark, self-hating, time for the philanthropist.
Steve and Sam nodded in response. "Alright. Let's go find this warehouse, and see if it's promising." Steve stated with his typical leader toned voice.
Tony, earlier, had called the landlord of the property (surprised there was even one to begin with, with the current situation it's in) and asked if he could meet them to discuss purchasing the house.
The brunet laid there frozen. All the words he wanted to say were becoming jumbled in his head. How could Tony have been so oblivious? And has Steve supposedly known all these years?
Steve only looked for a moment, not wanting to show his amazement in it. But he surely was faltering.
"Well it isn't just us two, Tony left to the bathroom a few minutes ago." Sam acknowledged, "And I thought us four meeting here would be nicer. You know before the festivities begin.".
Before Peter answers, Steve wonders if Tony had ever had this issue with the kid. Still surprised at how Tony & Peter's relationship is so domestic and had been, for years now.
He heads up the first flight of stairs, to the second floor. No lights were on, his only illumination being that of a bay window behind him on the stairway. More rustling sounds are heard.
So it didn't surprise the super-soldier when he had gone through the homeless shelters, in that area, to find Mr. Parker at one of these places. He later explained that it was for volunteer work. And the two finally got acquainted for once, sharing the usual greeting formalities. That is until Peter began to babble profusely, to which, Steve found amusing.
And even though, she told him everything. He wanted himself to tell his friend, his side. Really because, he wanted Sam to understand why he, Steve Rogers, was still so obsessed with Tony Stark after all this time.
Steve doesn't understand why this memory in general is hitting him so hard. It was for Tony, not him. He only went through with it so it could help the philanthropist. So why is he feeling, now, this mesmerized by it?
The taxi driver however, suddenly wanted to address the elephant in the room. And he sure had some comments that he wanted to get off his chest. I guess awkward silence can cause most dead conversations to become more active.
"Well, you didn't need to. You shouldn't view yourself in such a self-righteous way." Steve laid a hand on the brunet's elbow.
When he reached the last step, and flicked the light switch on. Strangely, it didn't turn on the main light hanging eerily in the middle of the room. It did, however, turn on an overhanging light above a nearby table, filled with scraps of metal, and an extension cord. And like clockwork, a whole slew of lights, and machinery came to life from the space around him. With the main light coming on last, but it sooner fizzled out pitifully.
Tony felt a smile creep on his face. But his calming words weren’t enough for him to listen. It reminded him of when Steve used to use his Captain America persona to get him to open up. The pain struck his chest, and so he threw the thought out.
It was like a weight lift off him when the word 'Kiss' left his lips. It had been almost 4 years since it occurred. So many things had happened. But they sorted it out. They told each other it was nothing more but an act run by drastic emotions.
Steve's passionate expression now turned somber. He wanted Tony to be honest. But if he wasn't ready to express it, then there isn't a need to continually pry.
And that was just one kid, out of the other 5, who all had their fair share of moments with disobeying Steve Rogers. Then again the kids all ranged in ages; Annie being the youngest at 6. So the difference of each perverse decision was very likely.
She realized that Steve must've kept those pink lips of his quiet. It wasn't really a bad thing. He probably thought Tony was going to have another bitch fit like he did the other night. And we all know Steve's way of comfort is particularly not ideal at this point.
"There's no need to, Steve. It's fine, I know you guys went... through with, It." She answered blankly.
"Weapons... to... port city?... Ullapool?!" He mumbled, with that last one coming out to unintentional yell.
"A contractor from New York was chosen to help. Goes by the name, Adrian Toomes. The city and I chose him just after the battle. I was going to tell you guys, today.".
He picks up a rusted shovel and once again feels himself daydreaming back to the tower. Back in the lab, drawing at anything that caught his attention. Sometimes taking a peek at Tony working on god knows what.
Natasha stood puzzled, scared, and alone. Some of the townsfolk had resurfaced back to the market, slowly but surely. Along with some policemen asking some of them for information.
The super-soldier bought them the gift to bring the two young girls closer. And ironically, ever since then, those two have non-stopped argued about who's turn it was to play with the doll. Sometimes Steve humors the idea of the doll being alive and having a vendetta against him. Eager to drive them further & further apart, just to make his life hell.
Steve felt his thumb graze the call button. Could he do it? What would he even say to him? ‘Hey sorry for not telling about your parents dying, and breaking up the Avengers, and paralyzing you’re best friend for life!’.
And so, Steve decided to do something to ease his and Tony's nerves. He rushed up to him, and gave Tony, a more proper, kiss. The brunette just stood there for a few seconds, confused, until he wrapped his arms around the man. It was a sincere embrace. No feelings attached. Steve was just being Tony's comfort.
With every house he's looked at so far, seeing the same type of layouts, wallpaper, same everything. Steve knew that this wasn't for him. The house already seemed a little too perfect for his taste. He didn't need to see the rest of it to see that. It was the very thing that he was trying to get away from.
Turning herself around, she could see that, she, was the only soul in there. Pepper grew confused for a moment. Tony is usually not up before her.
The Stark Tower. The once gleaming mirage of pride and success, of Stark Industries, now no longer loomed over the people of New York. The Avengers tower however, stood in its place. Now giving off a new comfort of stability and order, to the people of the world. It glistened in the night sky, next to other successful buildings, such as the Chrysler building, the Empire State Building, and the currently new One World Trade Center.
Yet, Pepper never always held her tongue. There were many times she would beg him to let her help. To let her give him so comfort through all this. But even when she would try, the blonde knew that it would never work.
Another yell from downstairs made Tony's confused state, morph into annoyance. "What's with the yelling?!" He shouted.
"Yeah, I guess it does." Steve cleared his throat, "Anyway, it was a windy, cold night. And the ship was smacking into waves left and right. Constantly being thrown off-balance.".
For the next 7 months, Steve and Tony would remain apart, as their lives would progress into different directions. Steve, Nat, and Fury would eventually discover that Hydra is still around, and the facilities in Russia, are actually theirs. Some double agents at Shield, and Hydra, would reveal that Bucky, Steve's best friend, has been alive all this time, and that they have been experimenting on him ever since his time in the 40’s. Additionally, they would attack Steve, and eventually retrieve Loki's Scepter. Since then, Shield would be dismantled. And Maria and Fury would be continuing the mission ahead.
The upper bay window, in which one-young 'Avenger' stood by, glistened with fog and constant snowflakes.
Tony felt himself shift in his seat. It was all becoming too much for the philanthropist. His breathing began to escalate, and he felt his eyes close. Now the memories were much more clearer. Mostly the image of Steve, over him, with Howard's shield buried deep in his arc reactor.
"Steve... oh my god, where have you two been?! I've been going bonkers over here! I thought you guys were in trouble, or dead, or, or-I just didn't know what happened to you guys. Like, I literally even called..." she stopped herself. Natasha didn't know if she wanted to give them that information, or at least Steve.
Steve just gave his friend an annoying glance, before realizing that the hydra agent had stopped talking. Come to think of it, everything seemed to stop. The super-soldier really didn't want to look beyond that stupid bush. But there his eyes went, against his mouthing protests.
“I believe we shall be able to face what happens to us with courage and confidence, as we are united and loyal and nothing thus far has been able to break us.”
“Mother caught hold of me and sent me to make restitution for my actions on Midgard, and this is what I shall do for you petty creatures — I shall save Stark’s soul and make him invisible to Death.”
“I don’t see why I had to put up with Snivelly today,” said Tony as Steve fluffed his pillow like the dutiful housewife he was. “Even if Bruce made friends with him. Which — betrayal! Rank betrayal! After all we’ve been through because of that dick!”
“I’m officially her biggest fan,” Natasha murmurs. She is sitting as far away as possible from Loki, next to Barnes, Wanda, and Sam Wilson, who only know him by reputation. “Shame Bruce isn’t here to see this. Or Steve,” she adds in an aside to them, who nod.
“I know it’s grunt work, Tony, I know,” you and DUM-E hear him say to the crow as you approach. “But I left the mission halfway for you and we aren’t all billionaires with Pepper Pottses to do all the hard stuff for us. Or crows with nothing to do except bite people.”
“Banner’s gone to ground in Asia, and Cap went to visit a former SHIELD director in England,” Clint says, not taking his eyes off Loki, who, obnoxious enough to know exactly what sets him off, gets into a staring match with him. “Banner’s message will take a week to reach him, but Cap’s on his way back.”
Not a single one of the Avengers says a word. Their sombre faces betray their thoughts. You have all escaped a terrible fate.
“Not that I’m not enjoying the show,” came a voice about three hours into the kiss, “but I need refuge from Bruce and Loki’s expanding pizza-box Lego. I think I’m in hell. Please stop making out for one goddamn second.”
“Sure you are, Dad,” chirped FRIDAY from hidden speakers in Steve’s room. “Not a single minute older.”
Frozen (ahem), he gazes in horror at his handheld. “I can only be glad Peggy didn’t hear a word of this,” he sighs.
“DUM-E is more than sufficient as my cameraperson at the moment, and FRIDAY provides excellent audio-recording support, so I believe I am all right for now, Ms Romanoff. However, I believe I shall require your skills in the editing stage of the production.”
“I’m not talking to you,” says Tony instantly, turning away from you the minute he spots DUM-E peeking around the corner. “Go away. You made me watch Mada-fucking-gascar Two, and I’m not talking to you. You’re grounded, bastard child. Go to your room and think about what you’ve done. DUM-E, you’re good, you can stay, I know he bullies you when I’m not looking.”
, but I surmise you have no interest in my pursuits whatsoever. Mr Stark, however, is in a meeting with Dr Stephen Strange concerning Loki’s fantastical claims about time travel. On his request, I have come to meet you at the door, so to speak, and accompany you to your destination.”
“You’re not entirely a moron, are you,” he says to Strange, whose expression changes not a whit. “I suppose I owe you for my freedom.” To the room at large: “I assume you have all dispensed with your customary practice of dashing around like headless chicks by now, and are ready to finally
“I have changed as a person,” he began haughtily, addressing the ceiling. “I am not a workaholic any more. I am much too mature — yeah, Steve, laugh it up, Aunt Peggy’s made me a limey now. I’m not gonna fuck with Loki. I’m also not gonna murder him —”
Steve resisted the urge to roll his eyes at Tony — and then relented, because he knew Tony would laugh at his newfangled modern reactions. And laugh Tony did, letting himself be caught in Steve’s arms and kissed on the tip of his nose. “It wasn’t a booty call, and you know it,” Steve said, cherishing the way Tony yawned into his neck. “It was fine. She was perfectly lucid. Beat me at chess three times outta five.”
Against the background of the workshop, Tony Stark holds up a miniaturised arc reactor. Smiles, and sets it down. Picks it up again.
“I know,” Tony sighed, rubbing the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger for a moment. “I know, okay, and I know there’s nothing we can do about it, but… but sometimes I just wish we were young again, newly married,
He needed to get rid of the tracker. Brainwashed or not, it was a sure-fire way to get him caught out and beaten the crap out of, which was currently number one on his list of things he didn’t want or need to happen today. Whimpering softly to himself, he got up and found the sharpest knife he could that didn’t look like he’d need a tetanus shot after using, took it to the stove and laid it across the hob. He turned it on and waited for the metal to heat up, thinking not about what he was going to do, but that he’d learned this trick from his Aunt Tasha when he was
“There’s technology out there that could definitely help us track Thanos down,” she told them decisively during the first official team meeting Steve had called since everything had happened.
“Cheatin’,” the little girl replied, tugging absentmindedly at her tutu. Tony was pretty sure belonged to one of his board members. “He’s usin’ his hands.”
“He’s Baxter’s kid, that gross, racist board member I told you about,” Tony told Steve. “Remember, the one who kept touching Pepper’s butt?”
Tony settled in fairly quickly. His neighbours, as a whole, were pretty nice; there was an elderly British lady that lived at the end of the hall who Tony was practically in love with. Her name was Peggy, and she could kick ass, and Tony wanted nothing more than to sit for hours and listen to her retail her years in the war.
“Okay, my name’s Sam, I’ll be your waiter today,” the guy told him as he sat down, handing him a menu. “Can I get you a drink to start you off?”
“It’s not necessarily a bad thing,” Tony backtracked quickly, unable to stand the way Peter’s bottom lip was starting to stick out. “You’re a passionate person, and that’s never a bad thing. We’ve just gotta teach you how to tell when something is or isn’t worth getting mad about, otherwise you’ll end up like the Hulk, huh?”
“The others have been worried sick about you,” his Pops said, and gently took Peter’s other hand to hold against his chest. “We all have.”
“Okay,” Lang rang his hands and glanced around the conference room for a moment, as though he was trying to figure out where to begin. “Okay, so… I’ve been travelling in time.”
“Is this really going to work?” Natasha asked him in a quiet moment one evening, on the eve of their final trip.
“Peter?” his Pops asked softly, drawing him out of his thoughts and back to dinner. “How was your day? You’ve barely touched your potatoes; are you feeling okay?”
Natasha smiled at that. “I’m sure we can bring Bruce around. I think he’d be honoured, actually. You wanna play the show, too?”
“Uncle?” Tony found himself asking weakly, if for no other reason than he would have to change Rogers’ living situation on his next tax reform.
She was nowhere to be seen, and his headache was only getting worse. Cursing loudly under his breath, he forced his way through another gaggle of people towards the door. He knocked sharply against a guy as he pushed his way through, and he turned back to throw a pointless apology over his shoulder when he caught a look at the guy’s face and the pain in head got suddenly so excruciating that he thought for a second that he was going to pass out.
“Some might disagree with you,” Tony huffed bitterly, and then sighed when Cap sent him a pointed look. “I’m… trying to be better.”
“Douchebag,” Strange muttered under his breath, but he was already ascending the stairs. “Wait here – I’ll go get the stone.
“Peter wants to take your name, too,” Steve told Tony nonchalantly as he started to lead Peter forwards, and grinned when he got a bit of shocked resistance, obviously on Tony’s part. “Just thought I’d let you know, honey.”
“Yeah…” the guy replied, squinting over at Tony like he was just seeing him for the first time. “How’d you know?”
Because James was following him around like a lost duckling, sippy cup still stuck firmly in his mouth. He pouted when Steve shooed him away, and Tony took pity on him, pulling Peter’s abandoned chair out beside him and patting it.
Tony startled and turned, only remembering he was completely nude as he came to a stop right in front of
Steve took his place at the head of them all once they’d all found their seats – Sam, Bucky and Natasha on his left, Wanda, Pietro, Bruce and Thor on his right. They fell respectfully quiet without prompting, as they always did, and waited for him to speak.
Slowly but surely, colour started to creep back into Tony’s skin. Multiple breaks, fissures and oxygen deprivation meant it took a while, but with round-the-clock care, Tony started to look a little more human again.
he was looking right at Tony because he was in the suit, but there had been a moment where… his expression had softened. Just for a moment, Tony had felt like Cap was staring right into his soul, and it had left him feeling off-kilter.
“I told you taking this job was a good idea!” Steve squeaked excitedly, small and hidden amongst the locks of Bucky’s long hair while he perched on his shoulder. “I told you I had a good feeling about it!”
“As I’ll ever be,” Tony grinned, and then settled down as the doors opened in front of them and their friends quickly paired up to head on in. Within a few moments, the hall had emptied and they were the only ones remaining.
Steve sighed and ran a hand over his face, crossing the room to wrap his arms around Tony. “You’re the one who wanted to hide our relationship. She just kinda… came at me. I’m sorry.”
“We lost him once, in Afghanistan,” he murmured, “and we got him back. Tony Stark is the toughest son-of-a-bitch I know, so don’t think for a second that –“
“Sorry,” Tony grimaced. “Sometimes my mouth works a little faster than my brain – my friend Pepper tells me constantly I have to work on my filter. It’s a problem, really -”
“Can we… he didn’t give us co-ordinates, but could we track this message?” he asked, but even as he said the words, they felt impossible.
“I forgive you,” Tony sighed, leaning into his warmth. Steve pressed a kiss to the top of his head. “Doesn’t mean I have to like it.”
“It’s not mine,” he mumbled, pulling at the material with a gross fascination. He felt a little faint. “Pietro got shot. He’s – he’s fine -” But then he noticed a little hole in the side of his shirt, and when he pivoted to get a better look at it, he realised distantly that there was also a hole in his side. “Oh.”
“Oh, honey,” Pepper murmured, running a reassuring hand through Peter’s wavy hair. “Tell us what’s wrong. Nobody will get mad, okay? We just need to understand.”
Tony’s heart was hammering in his chest. He was sure Pepper or Rhodey would have mentioned a fucking live lion to him if they had known about it, but then again, maybe this was someone’s idea of a sick joke? What was he supposed to do now? The lion seemed quite docile, but maybe that was just because he wasn’t moving? What would happen if he turned tail and ran – would it leave him be, or would it chase after him? And what about if he called out for help? Would the voice of whomever he had heard earlier be able to get to him before the lion could?
“I guess I don’t know what I mean,” he sighed, running a hand through his hair. Pepper slapped it away before he could mess up any of her handiwork. “Yeah, just a little frazzled after the fight, I suppose.”
“- know that kids still go under the bleachers to make out? Didn’t kids in your day make out under the bleachers, Steve? Honestly, it’s kinda sweet in a gross, teenager way –“
Steve took a deep breath, and then, without really thinking too hard about what was about to happen, he slid the gauntlet onto his arm.
“I’ll start doing some research,” he said, and then turned back momentarily. “Oh, and… Tony’s waking up.”
“Don’t you think it’s way past your bedtime, young man?” Steve asked, surprised, as he walked back into the lounge after his evening shower.
“Right…” Tony nodded, a little bemused. “Okay, I… do you live here full time? Only, I don’t think Rogers put anything about a spouse or girlfriend on his tax forms -”
,” Tony grumbled under his breath. “I’ll have you know that the process of disappearing in one place and reappearing in another is vastly complex and very impressive – only the most elite of fairypeople can manage it -”
Peter took a deep breath and glanced at his Dad, who at least looked a little concerned. Then, shaking his head, he replied, “I’m fine. Just regular school stuff – it’s no biggie.”
“It’s breathtaking,” Steve smiled, and then leaned in to kiss Tony gently on the lips. “Just like you.”
There were voices already coming from the room by the time they actually got to it (and Tony only realised they were in the right place because Rogers had mounted a plaque on the door with the word
Before he could finish his sentence, Tony swung his armoured leg back and kicked him firmly in the side. Stane wheezed, words clogging in his throat, and doubled in on himself. Tony kicked him again, harder, and then again, channelling all his hurt, all his anger into swiftly beating the shit out of Stane. He wanted to hurt him like he’d wanted to hurt no other person before; he wanted Stane to hurt, to know how much he had hurt and betrayed Tony. He wanted Stane to bleed like Tony had bled in that damn cave in Afghanistan.
“I should think so,” Steve replied with a smile of his own, wandering back over to the stove to get his own breakfast. “James, honey, sit down, please. I don’t wanna trip over you.”
“No, fuck you!” Tony cut over him, pushing him again. “Fuck you for making me fight my friends, fuck you splitting us up, fuck you for leaving,
Peter didn’t even realise he had flinched away from the touch until it had happened, and his Pops pulled away sharply, a look of panicked realisation on his face.
And then, as if on cue, Rhodey called from inside the apartment, “Tony? We’re gonna need to buy you an entertainment system or something to put this TV on, because it’s currently on the floor.”
Steve was immediately caught up in the pageantry of it all, just like he always had been, and grinned as Tony led him across the stage. He was still humming, close to Steve’s ear, and a shiver ran up his spine at the feeling of it.
“But now this has happened, and we’ve just got to deal with it,” Tony cut him off, and then shifted onto his tiptoes to give Steve a gentle kiss. “It’ll be okay. We both know Clint’s strong; kid’s the scrappiest little shit I’ve ever seen.”
“I can’t say anything,” Steve sighed, running a hand across the back of his head in frustration. “He’s the lead; if I piss him off, he might quit, and his understudy’s already down with mono. It’s only a couple more weeks until show week – I’m just gonna have to suck it up.”
“Yep,” he replied instead, taking a drink from his own bottle. “All wet and glistening and everything.”
“Well,” Tony hummed in reply, “you originally wanted to be a ghost, right? Why don’t we go back to your original choice -”
“Ew,” Flash grimaced, and then patted Tony on the back. “Well, when you get bored of him, and you will, we have a spare seat at our table for you. Thanks for letting me copy your pop quiz, by the way.”
Tony wasn’t happy about the diet, Steve could tell, but Bruce explained that his body needed time to adjust back into its normal habits, and he seemed to buy that. It wasn’t a lie, Steve reasoned with himself, even as he determinedly didn’t look at Tony’s pouting face. The urge to find a blanket and wrap him up in it had become somewhat of a norm for Steve, and the only way to stop himself from doing so was to ignore or avoid him when he pulled faces like that.
Now, Lily, their daughter, was seventeen, and Peter was fifteen. They were the lights of both Steve and Tony’s lives, and Steve knew that Tony didn’t regret quitting when they had. He
He was shaking like a leaf by the time they pulled up outside Tony’s place, and staggered off his bike like a drunkard, breath coming short in his chest. Tony came running out to them, Natasha and Clint stood a little further back looking completely unharmed, and Steve all but fell into his boyfriend’s arms when Tony held them out to him.
thinking!” Steve snapped. “This is Stark we’re talking about! He’s made it all this way by himself – if we can help him, we have to!”
Steve swallowed hard and stared at his hands planted on the table in front of him. It would be dangerous, and – as Bruce said – damn near impossible to pull off, but… but Steve couldn’t think of a better option. It was
“Oh crap,” Peter mumbled aloud, staring at the tiny scar in the centre of his left palm. “Oh, double crap on a stick.”
Tony’s head came up over the back of the chair, obviously startled, but then his expression melted into a sheepish smile.
“Where is my gauntlet!” they heard Thanos scream, and quickly scrambled for the closest exits to stall him while Steve and Carol stayed behind to attach the stones.
“It’s kinda weird,” Lily scrunched her face up. “I accidentally tweeted that you guys would be playing the set with the band, and… it went kinda huge.
Peter just sighed and tried to refrain from smacking his head against the surface of the table in front of him.
Bruce stared at him for a moment, and Steve got the distinct impression he was seeing right through him, but after a second he simply sighed and shook his head.
“All right, all right,” Bucky mumbled, taking a deep breath and putting the glass in his hands down. “Fine, fuck, I’m going.”
“Still got that phone number safe, right?” he asked. “Wouldn’t want to have to start all over again.”
“It looks worse than it actually is,” he reassured, snatching up a dish towel to mop up the worst of it. “I got hit in the face with Captain America’s shield. Even with the helmet on, it still packed a punch.”
“I’m… my name is James,” he continued, feeling a little better as he managed to get a full sentence out. “People call me Bucky.”
Steve felt a little dazed as he was tugged up onto the stage, and even more so when Tony reeled him in and held him close. His breath caught in his throat, feeling Tony settle, pressed against his body. They stayed like that for a few, loaded moments, Tony staring down at him with a strange, intense expression on his face.
“He wouldn’t be yours either if you hadn’t moved and left me back on the old block,” Pepper sniffed in reply, and then grinned at him.
“No, Pete, see, that’s not how Santa works,” Tony shook his head. “He won’t come if you’re still awake!”
“Back on the Old Block would be a killer band name,” Rhodey announced, and then turned to Tony. “Also, he’s
But the truth was, there wasn’t really another option. Natasha was right – Tony was the most stubborn man Steve knew, and was only getting worse with age; if Steve asked what was wrong, he’d just get a grunted “I’m fine” in response. But Steve was stubborn, too. He couldn’t just let this go when it could potentially hurt them all so much if it were to come out any other way. Reporters still hounded them – if they got pictures of Tony with someone else, started slandering him… Steve would hate that for the kids.
His Ma sighed and rolled her eyes, glancing over her shoulder to where Clint was tucked up at the table in the corner of the room, hood up and eyes firmly on his cereal.
“Not even moved in five minutes and you’re already being propositioned,” Rhodey tutted from behind him, and he was leaning against the door frame when Tony turned to look at him. “Unbelievable.”
“Why not?” Rogers asked, tiny dimples appearing on his brow as he frowned. “If it’s a case of money -”
“That’s literally all I wanted to know. See how easy that was?” Tony grinned, and Peter just sighed at him, as though the kid thought he was terribly hard done to. “Do you want to help, or do you want to keep playing in your costume?”
“How do I look?” he asked, wandering straight through into Natasha’s bedroom without knocking. Luckily, she was already dressed.
He was going over to the bar. Fuck it – what harm could it do? He wouldn’t bitch at the owner, so he’d keep his promise to Rhodey; he’d just go in and act like a customer, scope the place out. There was no harm in that, right? Right.
“I don’t kill people,” Tony rolled his eyes. “Though, in your case, maybe I’d be doing the world a favour -”
“I didn’t do nothin’,” Peter grumbled, and Steve reached out to pat the top of his head reassuringly.
“Where’d you want these boxes, Tones?” Rhodey huffed, carrying a set of stacked boxes through the door of Tony’s new apartment. “Do they say kitchen or bedroom? I can’t see from this angle –“
They waited for a moment in silence, and then Lang said, “Anyone else think that was way easier than we thought it was going to be, or –“
“All right, sex machine,” Steve grinned, arching over the guitar to get back within range of Tony’s lips. “You think that maybe next time you’re feeling a little down, you might come tell me? You worried me sick.”
Steve was speechless. All this time, Tony had thought that he was a has-been, a joke, but the second news had dropped that he was playing the gig, everyone came running
Tony… wasn’t really the monogamous type. Never had been. It had been fine so far, because when he’d met Natasha at eighteen she had been pretty laid back about
“He must have escaped yesterday when me and Sam were jousting down the corridor on your desk chairs,” Clint replied nonchalantly, striding across the room towards Rogers. Then, in an act that made Tony actually bark aloud with confusion, Clint plonked himself down right on Rogers’ lap, as though it were no big deal. “Thanks, Uncle Steve.”
“Nick Fury sent for me,” she told them as they led her towards the medical bay. “He gave me these co-ordinates. Is he here?”
“Then you…” Emotions flickered across Tony’s face, first relief and then confusion. “How the hell did they all get into that state, then?”
It hadn’t been difficult to find Baxter’s house. All employees’ places of residence were on company file, so all Tony had had to do was ask JARVIS. Once they’d gathered the information, they’d slipped out of the party to go to the store, where they’d grabbed as many rolls of toilet paper and cartons of eggs as they could carry, and had then headed over.
Tony hadn’t had a romantic crush on anyone since then, had thought he’d managed to successfully repress any feelings of that particular nature, but then Steve had come along and completely ruined it all.
The rest of his sentence was lost against Steve’s lips as the guy leaned forwards and kissed him. Tony assumed it was meant to just be a peck, but he brought his hands up and cradled Steve’s face in his hands, deepening the kiss further. Steve gasped, but allowed it, and as they tipped backwards to lie on the couch, Tony couldn’t help but grin helplessly.
,” Tony huffed under his breath, closing his eyes and feeling around with invisible hands until he caught a hold of Bucky. Then he sort of…
“Because… because you don’t do you’re fuckin’ job,” she replied, slurring her words just slightly in her passion. “I don’t even care about the soulmate – I don’t care if I never find someone, but
“Whatcha doing, squirt?” Tony asked, rubbing a hand over his own tired eyes. It was almost 11pm – even they were getting tired.
“We should go out for lunch,” Tony decided as they were putting away the last of the now clean dishes. “Maybe take them to the park, grab a hotdog or something, or there’s that new bistro just opened down the street that looks nice -”
“There’s Clint, obviously, who you’ve already met,” Rogers continued, “and there’s also Thor and Jane -”
“We need a slide,” Clint replied seriously. “There are too many sets of stairs in this place. We need a slide, and it needs to be yellow and twisty, and it needs to lead into a ball pit at the end.”
Steve didn’t know what to do. The Skull had told them a sacrifice was the only way to find the stone, and though he didn’t want to believe him, he knew it had to be true.
have died if not for their quick thinking, but you did it anyway. You’re not a bad person, Iron Man.”
“I met her, too,” Tony burst out, almost dropping his pen at the mere memory. “She was wearing a panda suit out on the lawn. Scared me half to death.”
Tears streamed around Tony’s oxygen mask, and when his wild eyes clocked Steve the mask began to fog as he exhaled sharply. Steve didn’t know what to do – Tony was
“The Time Stone might,” came Bruce’s voice from the door, and everyone looked up. “I’m not going to pretend to know how it works, but you all saw Thanos using it in Wakanda. There has to be a way to harness that power.”
“One of them is for you,” Peter mumbled, looking down at his feet. All of a sudden, he felt embarrassed, and hated the fact that his father, knowingly or not, had had a part in that.
Bucky Barnes had never had a problem getting girls to sleep with him. Hell, he’d even persuaded a few to try actual relationships with him. His love life was actually pretty conventional, he figured, for an average guy in his late twenties. He’d paid his dues overseas fighting for his country, had lost a damn arm in the process, and now he had the freedom to do whatever the hell he wanted.
In return, Tony held out his other hand and Steve drew back as Rhodes went into his arms willingly. They embraced like long-lost brothers, and Steve had to swallow back a surge of sudden, unexpected jealously that crept up his throat. Where had
Peter beamed back at him mid-move, but must have stopped concentrating, because he almost immediately tripped over his own feet and went toppling over. Steve sighed and slapped a hand over his face, exasperated.
“We’re still rock stars,” Steve reasoned, taking a seat on the bottom of the deckchair. “Just because we don’t tour any more, aren’t technically part of a band, that doesn’t take away the fact that we’re rock stars, Tony.”
,” he whimpered before he could stop himself, and, as if he were in some sick dream, the lion’s head jerked up and it stared at him lazily.
“You’re welcome, buddy,” Rhodey replied, and then patted Tony on the arm as he pulled away again. “So, how’s work going?”
“JARVIS, have Pepper get the ice packs ready back in Malibu,” he sighed, bouncing from foot to armoured foot to get himself pumped up. “I’m definitely gonna need them.”
It was sharp, brutal, all teeth and tongue, and when Tony pulled back he looked triumphant, as though he had finally gotten one over on Steve.
He was lost. He was definitely, without a doubt, one hundred percent lost, and he was also probably going to die in in this creepy old mansion without anyone having realised he was even there, because it had gotten to the point already where he was questioning whether Clint and Jane had actually been real people.
sort of cute, in a is-probably-very-slimy kind of way, and he could see why Rogers and his companions might get attached to the little guy.
When Tony woke up, it was because there was a strange weight on his chest. Groaning aloud, he reached up and caught the little hand pressing down against his pec, sending the small body sat on top of him toppling forwards with a squeak of surprise.
“Um…” Peter wasn’t really listening to him, too busy moving around the communal lounge excitedly to care. “What?”
Tony cried a lot over the next couple of days. He cried when he first saw Rhodey, cried when he learned what had happened to Pepper, cried when Natasha hugged him, cried when he had his first cheeseburger, cried when they added Peter Parker, Steven Strange, Peter Quill, Drax, Gamora and Mantis onto the list of those they’d lost.
He watched as Rhodey’s face twitched, as though he was about to gush about how cool that was, before he tampered it down and took another bite of cereal. Tony would never understand the weird, respectful work boner Rhodey seemed to have for Captain America, but then again, Tony had never actually met the guy. His dad had talked about him non-stop when Tony was a kid, had the same kind of respect-boner for him that Rhodey did, but Tony had always just tuned it out and carried on playing with his toy robots.
“It’s just one gunshot wound,” Bruce announced quietly, hunched over Pietro’s shoulder. “It looks like it’s gone straight through, which… that’s good. That’ll heal. The only thing that we really have to worry about is how much blood he’s lost.”
“Okay, you can watch the end of your movie, and then it’s bedtime, baby,” Steve compromised, running a gentle hand through Peter’s unruly hair.
“Hey, listen,” Natasha murmured as they exited the stairwell and walked down the corridor towards her apartment. “I’m sorry about what I said earlier, okay? It was mean, and -”
Between them, his Dad and his Pops got them all settled into a comfortable position on the single bed. Peter closed his eyes and took a deep breath, letting their joint warmth seep into him and anchor him to the bed. He was safe; he was loved.
a robot, so technically he had jumped to the wrong conclusion, not Peter. Didn’t mean the idea of his son not wanting to dress as him for Halloween hurt any less, but he was pretty sure he could get over it.
Steve had agreed to get Peter ready with him because he had been able to tell that Tony was stressed enough already, and adding a naughty Peter to the mix probably wouldn’t have been the best idea.
“Good morning,” he smiled at his Ma, who was already up and standing by the stove. The smell of sizzling bacon hit him, and he hummed. “Smells good.”
“Where’s the Quantum machine?” he asked, and felt Bruce and Tony bristle with excitement. They could read him, and they knew his question meant he agreed with them.  “How do we play this?”
as opposed to just a normal relationship, a fairy would appear to aid them, having the ability to sense when their human’s soulmate grew near. The only downside to the whole situation was fairies also had to have some level of rapport as well, whether it be romantic or platonic, lest they make their humans’ lives hell.
Almost an entire week passed before he finally managed to catch Tony alone, and that may or may not have been because he cornered him as he was coming out of the lab bathroom.
“We have to take it,” Tony murmured. “If we put the stones in it, maybe we can use the power to destroy it from the inside out.”
“The news tells people I terrorise people,” Tony replied with a shake of his head. “My beef isn’t with the American people. I only ever wanted to make amends, I -”
Wanda remained stubbornly by Pietro’s side. She clutched his hand in what had to be a crushing grip, and no-one mentioned how she was crying quietly. Steve couldn’t say in all honesty that he didn’t feel like bursting into tears, either.
Despite desperately trying to force it down, Steve felt a blush forming on his face as Tony bounded away. He hated that he got like this – it really didn’t mean anything, after all. Tony flirted with
“No, no, Steve –“ Bruce was practically bristling with adrenaline. “The message came through this morning.”
“Trying to avoid him is bad enough now, okay? Imagine what it’d be like if we broke up,” Tony sighed, running a hand through his hair. “And that’s assuming he’s even interested in the first place. He might genuinely just enjoy being naked, and not mean anything by it.”
. Slinking along, it passed the man on the stairs, and he didn’t even bat an eyelid as the thing brushed possessively up against his side. Tony, for what it was worth, was beginning to think that maybe he’d had an aneurysm, and this was all some kind of brain injury induced dream.
By morning, however, Tony’s resolve to speak to Steve was starting to wane. Part of him still liked the thought of seeing Steve everyday, of someone caring enough to say hello to him without fail. Logically, he was aware that craving the attention of the hot nudist across the hall probably wasn’t the healthiest of compulsions to have, but he had never really been the healthiest of people to begin with.
Steve took a deep breath and nodded his head. “He’s… one of the team. One of the best. Earth’s best defender.”
“If I lose a single cent,” Tony huffed, “you better tell me, okay? This is a battle, Pepper, and you need to get your war paint on.”
“No, Pepper, it’s fine,” Tony sighed. “It’s all good, okay? They don’t know who I am. They patched me up on the sly, okay, and they didn’t take my helmet off. Everything’s good.”
They offered Carol a bed and a place to stay for the foreseeable future. She was strong, incredibly so, and could fly, and they needed all the hard hitters they could get – especially ones that seemed to have an extensive knowledge of space and other worlds, which they (bar Rocket) were all lacking.
“Okay,” Tony called, forcing himself to tear his eyes away from Steve’s apartment before he started snooping further than he already had. “Um… have a good day, Steve!”
odd. Was he taking the helicopter on the roof somewhere? If he was, Steve would have no hope of following.
“You know I love and appreciate you,” Tony smiled, batting Peter’s wandering hands away from his breakfast.
He stopped, mid sentence, as Steve picked up the cigarette and took a deep drag. Tony was telling the truth – there was weed
“You’re being ridiculous,” Pepper replied, not even really paying him that much attention as she tapped away at her calculator. “We’ve got completely different niches, okay? And our customers are loyal – I don’t really think we’re going to lose any to Rogers’ place.”
“He’s… he’s been like this all morning,” Steve croaked, gesturing with Peter’s suit still in his hand. “I don’t – God, I don’t know what to do.”
“Good luck with that,” he grinned, sauntering off to his own dressing room to grab a towel or somethnig – he we pretty sweaty. As he went, Steve flashed him a betrayed look.
It wasn’t even like he was going to be doing this for the rest of his life. He had started all this trying to get rid of all the weapons he had made, the weapons being used by terrorists; he had gotten a little side-tracked along the way, sure, but now there were only a handful of distributors left. Once he had taken them all out, and dragged Obadiah Stane’s name through the mud for his betrayal and underhandedness, he was going to retire the Iron Man suit and go back to the nine-to-five grind.
Steve shut him up by leaning up on his tiptoes and kissing him quiet. Tony grinned happily into the kiss, going so far as to dip Steve dangerously close to the ground like in the dance they had just shared.
Running a towel through his damp hair, he padded over to the bathroom and quickly relieved himself. Then, feeling marginally better, he snagged a clean shirt from the back of a chair and padded back out into the hall, thinking it was probably better to get the meet and greet out of the way in Steve’s room so nobody had the opportunity to take any of his stuff.
Steve shut down all thoughts regarding Stark immediately. It wouldn’t help to dwell on a man who was most certainly dead – he had to focus on the here and now, and how they were going to get out of this mess.
“Thanks,” Tony grinned, and Steve rolled his eyes. “But I’m serious. It’s the middle section, when I’m dancing with Pepper in the dream sequence. I feel like I’m going to trip her up by accident. Could you maybe stay a couple minutes longer and take me through it?”
“You know, you could just ask him about it,” she hummed, and then seemed to think better of it. “Actually, he’s never been the guy to talk about his feelings. You could follow him? See where he’s going.”
It was all… very odd, to say the least. Sure, he was used to the attention because he had grown up in the shadow of his father, who had undergone the same kind of treatment, but… never had he imagined people would go crazy on this scale for him. Most of the attention was positive – his fans loved him, and so did most of the rest of the world – but every once in a while a news article would surface about a child he had supposedly fathered with a D-List celebrity back in the day who was clearly just talking trash because they needed the money, or a reporter would overstep by trying to climb the wall of his and Steve’s house, and those… those were the times when he kinda missed the early days, the good days when they were all just struggling musicians, and he was working part time as a repairman.
Someone – Rogers, he assumed – had dragged what looked like a stuffed, to scale replica of a panda out to stand between two of the bushes, and Tony frowned a little as he passed it. Odd. He had almost put it behind him completely, however, when he heard it
,” Peter whined, stomping up and down the aisle in a way that immediately reminded Tony of Steve. “There’s too many, Daddy!”
Wandering over to the wardrobe he and Natasha shared, he opened it and quickly located his tie rack at the very end. He took just a moment to debate over which one to choose, before pulling a deep crimson one out. It matched well with his charcoal grey jacket and slacks, so he popped his white collar up and quickly tied it around his neck, before smoothing the whole outfit out. He bounced across the room to inspect himself in Natasha’s dresser mirror beside her.
“Mine!” Peter called a few moments later, and Steve just huffed out a fond laugh and grabbed two from the box on the counter.
They were all there – the Avengers, the Guardians, Strange, Wakandans. Everyone that could possibly help was there, standing together in their uniforms.
. Looking down at his naked body, he realised he was covered in pink patches all over, as though the skin was new. He took a step forwards, then another, moving across the room towards the window -
Before Bruce could say anything else that would only make Steve mad, he ducked out through the door and headed for the hangar at the back of the facility. It was a beautiful day, all things considered, and for a moment Steve marvelled at the fact that the sun could still shine and the Earth could still spin when half of its population was gone.
“I’m Steve Rogers,” the stranger introduced himself, and then ducked down to pick up his morning paper. Tony immediately averted his eyes, because if he got an eyeful of that ass he knew he’d never be able to look away.
“Okay, you wanna mix up some grey paint?” Tony asked, still fiddling with the cardboard and glue. “Do you remember what colours make grey?”
“Yeah, he’d like you to believe that, kid,” Tony chuckled, patting James’ back as he stepped out of the elevator again and across the living room to the kitchen. “Steve, your son just called you old and gross.”
“We, um, we snuck you into SHIELD,” Cap told him. “Our Director kind of has a reward on your head, so we had to be careful, but you saved my life, and you needed help, so… we’re keeping it amongst the Avengers.”
“Find what?” Tony asked in a bit of a panic, trying to remember the instructions he’d just been given. When he turned back to Clint, however, he found the butler had mysteriously disappeared.
“Shh,” Bucky hissed, momentarily distracted, and then couldn’t help but smile as he came up in front of the red haired beauty. She looked at him with a coy smile in return, and he was momentarily dumbstruck, barely managing to croak out a lame, “Hi.”
“It means,” Tony replied, hands busy with glue and cardboard as he dropped a kiss onto the top of Peter’s head, “that little things wind you up. Make you mad.”
Everyone else was starting to pack up as the rehearsal came to an end, so Steve sent Peter on his way with a pat on the back. He’d get there; Steve was sure of it.
“He won’t be able to generate more and heal himself fast enough,” Bruce ran a hand over his face. “Ideally, he needs a transfusion, but it’s not like we can just go into a hospital and ask for a bag of blood -”
Tony let out a bark of laughter, honestly assuming that Clint was kidding, but chuckled his way to an awkward stop once he realised Rogers wasn’t joining in with him.
“So… I can’t buy a university?” Rogers sighed. “What about if I bought a plot of land big enough to build a new university?”
They got to the venue without too much hassle, the traffic more or less gone because everyone was already there and seated, and led Tony through the back and towards the stage.
“Saw full frontal a few days before,” he told her, and then raised both eyebrows when she looked at him expectantly.
And then there he was. Appearing from the rubble on extremely unsteady feet, Tony Stark set foot on planet Earth for the first time in weeks. He looked dazed, bewildered, and had to rest a hand on the woman’s shoulder to steady himself for a moment. Another woman exited what remained of the ship after him, and Steve had to rub his eyes for a moment because… because she was entirely blue. And also looked like a robot.
Stepping out of the elevator, he ran for his room and slammed the door behind him. Collapsing onto his bed, he curled up into a ball around one of his pillows and began to sob in earnest. He didn’t know how long he lay there, but it felt like an eternity before he heard a gentle knock on the door.
could mean a number of things, though. Space was colossal, unforgiving, and Steve – now he had physically heard Tony’s voice – couldn’t bear to imagine him slowly choking to death from lack of oxygen, or starving to death, right outside their atmosphere.
In any other situation, Steve would have just given up, or perhaps passed the task of dressing Peter off to Tony, but they were supposed to be getting
“Ow,” he managed softly, rolling his head around to try and see where everyone had gone, to see if there was a way to escape.
“So, uh…” Tony started, pulling out the letter that Rogers had originally sent to the company. “You have some things you’d like to discuss?”
The few hours after a concert were always just as crazy as the actual concert itself. After throwing guitar picks and drum sticks and, more often than not, their sweaty shirts out into the audience, they all bounced backstage, buzzing with adrenaline from yet another great show.
“Come on,” he tried, nudging Natasha gently with his shoulder. “Let’s hit a couple of bars tonight. You can talk to some guys, I can make out with some fairies -”
, and was a signal to Santa that meant he could land there with his sleigh. Peter… hadn’t been completely convinced, but hadn’t said anything else about it, so Steve had assumed he’d accepted Tony’s story.
to tell Rhodey, if for no other reason than the fact that it was starting to get weird watching his best friend constantly out for his blood. He’d told Pepper in the same day, aware that she would be even angrier with him if she heard it from Rhodey.
It wasn’t fine. His skin screamed as he brought the knife down, cutting and cauterising all in the same motion, and the pain momentarily knocked the breath out of him. He groaned, blinking tears from his eyes as he continued to dig into his palm until he could see the tiny tracker amongst muscle and veins and bone. Taking a moment to heave air into his lungs, he forced himself to stop quivering quite so much and reached in to pluck the tracker out. As soon as it was out, and before he could second guess himself (or pass out), he pressed the hot blade to his palm, sealing his ribboned skin before infection could set in.
“Then you have to go to bed, buddy,” Steve replied, petting the top of the little boy’s head. “Come on, you gonna come have a story?”
Tony looked at him, and then silently pointed to whatever was in the case. Steve took a step forwards, and felt the breath leave his body once he realised what Tony had found.
Tony felt his heart lurch in his chest, confused and hurt on a fundamental level. “What? How? I haven’t –”
Rhodey stared at the stacks of papers for a moment, and Steve realised for the first time how much he had really lost. Tony was gone, Pepper was gone… his two best friends snapped away in the blink of an eye. Steve had lost Bucky and Sam, of course, but he had the rest of the team, had purpose as long as he was
“Making a documentary on Mr Stark and Captain Rogers,” you say, giving up on non-participation of any kind.
“I knew I liked him!” Ms Potts beams. “Have you spoken to Rhodey yet? He says he reached the facility right when it happened.”
“WHAT?” Captain Rogers bellows from behind Strange. It is worth the expression of betrayal you get from the latter.
“Lies and slander,” says Tony promptly. “Spill all them beans, buddy, we know you love me.” He elongates the word
“Oh, Sweetums, Cherry Pie, I knew you loved me the most, I’m gonna swoon and rest my head on your big beefy chest, I just know it,” cries Tony in a sarcastic nasal falsetto before the light is even gone.
The Captain seems lost for words, shy, until his phone rings. The ringtone is unbearably loud. It’s a call from Tony. The song blares across the hall:
.” Ms Potts hesitates, then from one of her desk drawers pulls out a bottle of rosé. “Come on. Let’s drink to Crow-ny’s safe recovery.”
“Uh, whoops, whaddaya know, guess I’m wrong,” Lang says immediately to Tony, who narrows his eyes at him. “I wasn’t even in New York back then. Which — everyone makes mistakes. But no, if we’re gonna believe what that guy’s telling us, that means we’re an Offshoot Timeline. Which sucks because we only exist because someone from the Prime Timeline fucked up.”
“With your sacrifice, you will be bringing relief to many, many people across the world. I give you my thanks.” Loki smirks.
“This was the event that ultimately helped Thanos destroy you all; by preventing it, and remaining as one, you have secured yourselves a future victory against him.”
“Come on, Steve has returned. You would like to talk to him, yes? He might help you get back on track.”
Tony, having already wandered off mentally, begins an attempt to hack into Twitter to root out the identity of the Avenger responsible for the most-retweeted image of the month. “Since before you were a twinkle in my AI’s metaphorical eye, buddy. You get used to it. Like red, white, and blue noise after a while.”
“Odin praise your naïve optimism!” Thor beamed, setting down a plate of the biggest pizza Steve had ever seen in front of him. “Would you like me to bid Loki turn him into a crow again?”
“— is about to take place soon. So, as Sorcerer Supreme, Master of the Mystic Arts, Holder of the Time Stone, and accomplished PhD —”
modelled after a Brit). It’s about as threatening to you as Ultron’s last-ditch Trojan in the Captain’s clunky old SHIELD-issue desktop. “You shut up.”
“Trust me,” Loki shouts back, grinning broadly. Thor’s eyes widen and he summons Mjölnir to him and Captain Rogers on seeing this leaps forward and —
“I didn’t say I wasn’t contributing to it all.” He watches the fight behind him for a while. “Twenty bucks on Bucky breakin’ up the fight.”
“Tony!” he gasped, almost crashing into the glass door of the workshop in his hurry to see if Vision was right. It wasn’t often (it was very often) that Natasha accused Steve of being a lovesick maiden; she was right on one count and definitely, absolutely wrong on the other. But it wasn’t as though Steve could
“Yeah, but Steve’ll get home and turn those wide guilt-tripping eyes on him if he doesn’t step in. Bucky’s not like you, me, and Tony, he can’t withstand Steve’s moral rectitude. I give him five minutes.”
“We try not to make a point of it,” says Sam, but his eyes are trained on Tony, who still won’t meet anyone’s gaze.
“That was a mistake we made collectively,” you say, looking away shiftily. She snorts. “Regardless, what is done is done; Thor is still in Asgard conferring with his mother, so we can expect Tony —”
“As much as I love how you’re leaning into the whole shtick, we’re mocking Bruce right now, not me, so shut it.”
“But the Titan tries once more to destroy the universe; all of it this time, madder than ever. And fails — because Stark sacrifices himself, dying to stop him permanently.”
Bruce Banner, guileless and wonderful and anonymous meme poster, waves at the camera. “Hi, I’m Bruce Banner, I just got back from Redacted, and I’m not Vision’s mother.”
Mötley Crüe reluctantly starts up mid-chorus in the workshop and Tony makes a production of turning away with insolence.
“He took the Mark Fifty to see Director Carter,” FRIDAY told him when even the workshop turned out to be empty. “On a literal guilt trip.”
Crow-ny stares back. Very, very carefully, Crow-ny deposits his treasure in Steve’s lap. Steve beams.
For, of course, you’ve just broken the God of Mischief’s nose with your forehead, and Clint’s already stuck a paralytic-laced arrow or seven in his arm, and Natasha, well, she’s always had Stark-patented Reindeer-Locker Handcuffs™ on her person 24/7 since the fiasco of 2012.
“Hello,” you say to them. “I was wondering if I could perchance have you and Crow-ny come to the television room.”
The Avengers kitchen is extremely well-stocked, as is evident from a slow camera sweep, full of both exotic and local produce and just about anything one could hope to procure food-wise in New York City. The item in the oven seems to be about fifty Totino’s Pizza Rolls.
“Look, I know you’ll tell him anyway because this doc is for him,” Barnes says in the quietest voice after a minute of contemplation. “So you just gotta make sure I’m not around when he sees this. Tony, he… we’ve got a complicated history.” He takes a deep breath. “I — I did bad things to him when I was the Winter Soldier, and I’m the reason he ain’t got parents. Which, you know, he knows. So he didn’t have to save my life, but he did, after that whole Project Insight thing last year. He found me and helped me shake off the conditioning and now he’s given me a home, and a family that’s more than just Stevie… and I owe him one. I owe him many. But you’d
“That was before you picked up Thunderman’s hammer and gave us that deep philosophical borefest of a speech,” Tony says loftily. “Right after you were made, too. Overachiever. You get that from your mom Bruce.”
“— but no, he’s gone and got himself addicted to Kwazy Cupcakes and oh my FUCKING GOD,” Tony howls, flicking the hologram around to face you with a gesture. It’s the picture Bucky took of Tony with Butterfingers’s trumpet up his ear, pretending to cry. The words Iron Man float in Arial Bold above Tony’s head, Butterfingers has been labelled The Avengers, and the trumpet now bears the commanding title (and cowled frowny face) of Captain America. The caption goes:
“He divides his time between demolishing the gymnasium and being incandescently jealous of Colonel Rhodes and his wire bits.”
“Very idealistic of you. I did some time travelling of my own, sort of,” Strange remarks. “Strictly, it was dimension-hopping, but anyway… I saw what was supposed to happen.”
“But Fate shall not be thwarted,” Loki whispers, in his element now, eyes gleaming with glee. “The universe will always carve its pound of flesh from Anthony Edward Stark.”
, for my actions — and, lord have mercy, why are you making me say all this? force me to repair some egregious rips in the fabric of the universe lest —
“The Avengers fracture following a deep loss of trust between the good Captain and the oversized tin can.”
“I’ll be honest,” Tony says once he’s warmed up to you again (three handmade apology cards, delivered by Steve, did the trick). “I did not enjoy my time as a crow. Rhodey made me watch a terrible movie and Pepper didn’t even come visit.”
There isn’t. Tony just shrugs. “Yeah, that’s about it. I’m not happy it’s all on camera, no thanks to you, but Loki, though? I’m inventing the Rock of Ages Permanent Mute Button™ and patenting it, like, yesterday.”
“Tell her yourself,” Steve said, and affected a British accent. “‘If he can save the world five times before breakfast in that aluminium can of his, he can take a trip to London to visit his ailing aunt, the naughty boy.’”
“A mad Titan invades Earth and turns half the universe to dust. Bruce Banner, at great cost to his health and safety, brings it back.”
any time soon), making glitter-bomb arrow tips that exploded in Clint’s face, calling DUM-E and Butterfingers and You (…and Vision) his children —
“So much violence in this household.” Sam Wilson sighs, looking at the camera. In the background, Tony is losing a gauntlet-to-arrow catfight with Clint as the others cheer and place bets. Loki observes the scene, bound and gagged still, faintly disgusted but very obviously torn over whom he wants to get thrashed more.
“You ain’t a very good fortune teller, Strange,” says Bucky Barnes, coming to stand next to you. “Don’t go quittin’ your day job just yet — oh, wait. Goddamn, this
moping all over the place,” FRIDAY chimes in. Tony roars and throws a ragged oilcloth at the ceiling, and chases you out, smile a little wider now upon mention of Steve Rogers, just like always.
“Now seems like a good time to mention just how cool you are and how awesome it is that you’re letting me stay here and have Cassie over on alternate weekends. That Iron Man suit is a work of art and your genius is unparalleled. Man, I wish I were you. Hank Pym could never.”
