This time when the voices returned, they echoed faintly beside Saraious, but this time it didn't hurt, they were calm in a way, giving Tony the information and confirmation he needed. Suddenly Flashes of images replaced the white nothing that Tony was standing in, making the man choke on his breath when he saw the horrifying sights in front of him. Death… death has claimed every inch there was in the universe; the corpses were everywhere, the homes were destroyed. Plants, animals, peoples, lives, they were all stumped out like a candle in the face of a storm.
"Dammit! How can you do that every day, Thor?" Clint asked as he winced, hopping around the place in hope of his legs working once again, letting out a relieved sigh when his legs stopped wobbling dangerously and he wouldn't be a victim of falling and breaking his face on the ground.
Anyway, weeks later since Hammer, and Tony finally resigned to his cruel (So cruel) fate; what is marriage anyway? It wasn't like Tony had anyone to love like that or have someone who loves him truly (Steve Rogers doesn't count!), he was pushing his thirties and soon will be in his forties. Not only that, Tony was sure it wouldn't be that bad to marry Steve, what could happen? Steve already destroyed his mansion, he already ruined his innocent mind with him doing strange magic and dark voodoo, Steve already made him go into a cemetery for God's sake! And well, it wasn't like Steve was after his money or fame or anything, from what he knows (And everyone else for that matter) the Addams family are rich (And the main family, which include Steve, even more)… filthy rich if the rumors were true, so rich that they have underground secret rooms all around the world full of gold, silver, and precious rocks (Well that's what Tony heard, and he doesn't even want to ask Steve if it was true) but the Addams family have been around for centuries; people say that they were around since the sixth century, enjoying their life of riches and torturing people for fun. Tony was sure that their wealth came from those they torture (If Steve would have accepted Tony's wealth in exchange for leaving him, Tony would have given it a long time ago, but it was Steve, and he was anything but a quitter)
It took Steve ten minutes to wipe himself clean and dressed in his clean clothes, throwing his old ones in the hamper. It was another minute or so before Steve starts hearing the police's sirens, causing him to let out a tired sigh and leave the bathroom; Steve pressed his lips tightly when he saw that Tony wasn't waiting for him there. For a second Steve felt a little angry at how his husband left him when he knew how unsafe Steve felt; in the end, Steve let it go, his husband was acting strange ever since he started taking extra time in SI.
“If we start that we’ll never get this project done,” he laughs, “we can watch after we finish.”
The group walks to the diner, Thor telling Bruce and Tony about how he kept beating Clint at Smash Bros before they came to get them.
Tony walked back to his room slowly, thinking. He recognized that he shouldn’t feel disappointed about not being invited to hang out with Thor and Bruce, but he couldn’t help it. Especially since it was just Thor getting him, it could’ve been for a date, and he definitely didn’t want to third wheel. He wanted friends, but not that badly.
“Uh, hey, I’m Tony.” He stuck out his hand, avoiding eye contact.
“Cool, let’s go then, Nat’s gonna be pissed if we’re late.” Clint says before leading them all out the door.
“Whoa, what happened? Are you ok?” Tony turns back toward Bruce after walking into the room.
Once they arrive Clint leads them to a corner table with a couple other people, sitting down next to a guy with shorter brown hair, who kisses Clint on the cheek. Across from Clint and is a woman with bright red hair, a guy with long brown hair that’s in his face, both look intimidating in their all black and RBF. Next to the long-haired guy sits another guy with blond hair, who instantly reminds Tony of Thor in the way that they’re both way more muscular than anyone has any right to be; hiss second thought about him is ‘holy shit, he’s hot’. Thor and Bruce sit next to Clint, leaving Tony to sit next to the blond guy, giving him a sheepish smile as he does.
“Yeah, you should come! I think you would get along with everyone.” Thor smiled again while Bruce nods in agreement.
“Oh, it’s time already? I got distracted… Give me a minute to get ready.” The taller man walked in and smiled at Tony. “Tony this is my boyfriend Thor, Thor this is Tony.”
“Ah, maybe another time then.” Thor nodded.
So when the professor for Tony’s chemistry class announced that they needed to pair up for a project, he sat and silently watched his classmates start to group with their friends before leaving together to work. He sighed, ready to work by himself, and started to gather his things into his bag.
“Hey babe, are you ready?” A huge blond towered over Bruce.
“Oh, yeah, I’m good.” Bruce smiles and quickly rushes to his bed, sitting and pulling out some papers. “Hopefully we can manage to actually get some of this done this time?”
“Clint this is Tony, Tony that’s Clint, my messy roommate I told you about.” Bruce rolls his eyes and stands up from the bed to stretch.
It wasn’t until hours later, when someone knocked on the door, that they quit talking. They both jumped a bit, immersed in their conversation about Star Wars. Bruce got up quickly to answer the door.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“We usually just go to the diner down the street, if that’s ok with you.” Bruce grabs his wallet and keys, shoving them into his pockets while looking at Tony.
Tony hummed to himself, letting out a happy sigh as he stretched his body, giving a faint purr at the way his body tingled pleasantly, reminding him of what took a place last night. Shuffling closer to the big source of warmth, Tony let a smile stretch his lips when he picked up his husband's scent mingled with his. Finally daring to open his eyes, Tony bit his bottom lip to stop a mad grin from splitting his face when his eyes fell on the Alpha sharing his bed.
Steve should be thankful to Bucky, his friend was with enough sound mind to drive them to the hospital; all Steve could do was sit in the back seat with his boy, kissing his forehead and checking the rising temperature that didn't seem to go down. He should have been fast; he should have taken his boy to the hospital before his baby collapse, why did Steve wait until it was this late? What took over his mind and let him be this ignorant until it was late? So many questions running inside his mind and not enough answers to satisfy him at all.
The pup looked at the toy with sparkling eyes, he then looked at his father who shrugged not taking his eyes off the Omega, the pup then extends his hand to take the toy from the Omega, shyly thanking him as he hugged the toy. It made Tony smile a little as he stood up and walked away waving to the pup, if he couldn't give this toy toward his son, at least another person will make use of it because Tony knows that he couldn't handle looking at that toy again after today.
The two start sparring and Peggy, quickly proves herself to be a much better warrior than Steven imagine, a fact that proved to be less surprising to Steven considering that he knew Peggy was a strong cookie from the start. Their size difference hardly has any bearing on the outcome. Peggy knows how to use her body, but more than that, she knows how to use Steven's, which may have tripped him up at first, but he regains his composure, being more careful with her now.
It was only when Tony caught the cautions looks Harley was sending to Peggy Carter that he realized Harley was trying to 'Save' him from this situation that he no doubt saw from the window of the living room; the action was so sweet and protective that it made Tony's heart race a little bit. "It's OK, bambino; everything is fine. Why don't you go inside and distracts your brother for me, hmmm?" Tony asked in a low voice, causing Harley to look between Tony and Peggy with a hesitant look, making Tony bite the inside of his cheek wondering what to do.
(See the end of the chapter for
There was some shuffling behind him, which made Steve frown, but still, he didn't turn back to see who it was, content with gazing at the stars and space (His home) and think about what happened in the workshop with Tony. Idiot Tony, he was always an idiot, ever since Steve gazed at him the first time in his life, and idiot with a big heart, that always lead him to troubles.
When Steve walked past the living room he stilled in his place, he didn't know what stopped him in his way, but when he strained his ears he picked up a faint whimpering, that made the Omega tense a little and walk inside the living room, his heart pounding in his chest thinking that something wrong happened.
Steve no longer slept with them in Tony's room, he no longer ate meals with them. He no longer took Tony and Peter out or sparred with Tony, teaching him how to fight. The longest the Omega saw him was five minutes, and that was when the man was heading to SHIELD. It was draining, it made Tony hate himself, made him want to explain everything and anything to the Alpha, but the thing was, the man was never home. He was never there anymore, spending all of his time at SHIELD, and when the Omega tried to ask his father or Aunt Peggy about him, the two of them always changed the subject.
"It wasn't your fault… I should have got rid of that room for a long time now… maybe this is for the best." Tony breathed out as he turned around in Steve's arms hiding his face in the Alpha's neck, breathing in the man comforting scent. "Where is Peter?" Tony asked, already planning how to apologize for scaring the pup, the boy probably felt bad about what happened in the room.
It was dark, maybe it was midnight or after midnight, Steve didn't know and didn't care, and he only wanted that singing to stop! So into the cemetery he went, he walked rows after rows of graves until he reached the one he wanted… Standing near Bucky's grave made everything real, made him realize the bitter truth, made him realize that he had failed his intended mate, that he let him die, that he didn't catch him when he fell, that Steve… that Steve was the reason his mate died…
So sorry for the short and late chapter, but college is on the doors and I don't have that much time anymore.
The fight with Loki though, was disastrous, for every star in the universe watch what took a place and wrote it down, and when Loki feel into the abyss of the space, Steven could feel the stars around him sigh in relief for finally getting rid of the boy, and he was a boy who was no older than six hundred years, still a teen, but Steven was not like the other stars, he couldn't, wouldn't allow such foolishness to happen especially when he knows what the rejection and neglect can do to someone, not after he suffers the same as Loki son of Odin suffered, and he also refuse to let someone waste their life especially when Thanos the mad titan was going around the universe destroying everything in his path and collecting his 'Sons and Daughters' to help him win his retched war, with that Steven flow toward Loki who was falling and falling and looking at the abyss with pain and fear in his eyes, and Steven thanked his luck that Loki was a creature of magic because if he wasn't then he wouldn't have been able to take hold of the God while he was in his astral form, for he was nothing but a spirit, a ghost.
Tony smiled as he reached his room, he took the pup's shoes off, and then the rest of his clothes exchanging them for pajamas, cooing softly when his baby made an annoyed sound and scrunch his nose, which made the pup, yawn once more and snuggles into his pillow letting out a small purr as he returns to sleep.
"… but he doesn't love you." Peggy said harshly which made the Omega's mouth fall open with shock, looking at the woman with betrayal and heartbreak. "You may think that Steve actually loves you just because he gave you a chance to be a play toy, but allow me to enlighten you, Tony… those who lost their mates, never ever take another for the rest of their life, and if they do… they will make their mates' lives a living hell… you may hate me Tony, but this is for the best…" Peggy said which made Tony let out a growl at the woman slapping her hands away when the woman came to wipe his tears away.
"Sit here, sir, do you want water, coffee?" Sam asked as he went to pour himself some coffee, but Tony only shook his head at the offer, preferring to go into business as soon as possible. "So what I can help you with Mr.…?" Sam asked as he took a seat with his coffee mug.
"Maria Stark, I know." The Omega said gently to the woman like it was a secret to be shared with only the two of them, which made Maria relax a little when the Omega didn't seem like he wanted to kill her or curse her on the spot, something she wouldn't blame him if he did. "My name is Steve Rogers." He said as he gave her tea, which only now she noticed the cups, pot, and other beverages and sweets on the table, and she wondered to herself since when did the Omega know about her coming, and why didn't he say anything?
Steve's eyes widened and his breath hitched. Slowly, Steve raised his hand, putting it into Tony's, causing him to give a relieved sigh as he tugged Steve toward the dance floor. "You want me to lead?" Tony grinned cheekily, causing Steve to smile and nod his head, which ended with him getting pulled into Tony's arms. Tony smiled as he took Steve in, humming along with the song the woman was singing as he took Steve's face, smiling at the awe he was seeing.
Those words got a snarl from Tony who nearly threw the phone at the wall, the only thing stopping him from doing just that was Steve's shaky hands on his knees. "You talk big for a stalker who is chased by the police." Tony spat taking one of Steve's hands in his and giving it a reassuring squeeze, and only then did Steve notice, Tony, using his phone to record the conversation.
Bucky said through gritted teeth, it made Tony's heart stop in his chest because Steve wasn't dead, because why will he send him that letter years ago with the same elegant handwriting of his? He wanted to scream at Barnes that Steve was the one who left him, that was the one who sent him a letter two months later, that Steve was the one who turned him into this… this man who had everything and nothing.
Thankfully, Steven always sleeps at day and stay awake at night, so that meant Tony doesn't see much of the man unless he went for his midnight snack. Ever since Peter, Tony knew how important it was to keep a good sleeping schedule if he wanted to keep up with his baby who had the energy of a puppy that drank a whole box of energy drinks; but sometimes Tony can't sleep, his mind won't allow him to, and that's when his workshops come into being, it helped him keep his mind off unpleasant things, like how his lucky star hates his guts.
stopped his car for fuel, I ran toward the forest like the hounds of hell and the devil were racing to catch Me." Tony could only swallow at that, holding his baby tightly, the images of what Natasha described playing in his mind-eye, causing Tony to shiver. "I was lost in the woods for two days, no food, no water, and knowing that any day now I was going to die and no one would ever remember I exist, least of all my parents who sold me. Two days, and then I finally reached this lake. It was like a dream come true, seeing the house and the lake, thinking to myself that I have found a magical kingdom, that I was to be free. Just as I walked toward the lake, he showed up… Rogers broke the surface of the lake and gazed at me with blank eyes void from any life. At that moment, I knew I was going to die, I remembered all of my Nana's stories about the demons living in the deep; Rogers thought, he just took one look at me before… before he brought me to Peggy and Bucky. Ever since then I couldn't help but wonder if Rogers was really a monster or if he was just a misunderstood character." Natasha whispered, her words leaving Tony speechless and unsure.
It was a few minutes before everyone finally let go of Steve and by then Tony finally pulled him from the robs he was wearing and kissed him harshly on the mouth, wanting to make sure that Steve was real, there was a time for gentleness, but later. "If you do this again, I would be the one who will kill you… I love you damn it, stop doing stupid things…" Tony stated with a strong voice that trailed into a choked whisper, his lips wobbled once more and Tony hated that he was going to cry for the third time that day because of the stupid martyr in front of him.
Tony cried in fear and denial, his eyes refuse to believe the sight in front of him. Steve… someone was holding Steve from his neck; someone huge was holding Steve, grinning at Steve's face that scrunched in pain. Someone was bleeding the life out of Steve, as he stood on the corpses of the Avengers with Steve dangling from his hand… "Now you will be my queen… my Golden Bride…" The monster whispered, his free hand coming to caress Steve's face, wiping the blood and dirt away.
"Then you will never see the happiness you have until you lose it." she said as she pointed toward Tony, which made Steve return his gaze to the Omega with a confused look on his face, frowning a little at the warmth he felt in his heart when Tony gave a small laugh at something the woman he was talking to said… he wanted the Omega to smile at him like that… the Alpha stood up as he went to talk with the Omega, hoping that the Omega will give him a little time so that he can apologize and maybe… just maybe…
Bucky collapsed on him when Steven finished giving his order, it will provide Steven time, time to wipe out all of Hydra while Bucky sleeps the worst of the drug. Using his strength Steven snapped the chain that bound his hands to the wall, rising with Bucky in his arms, butting him in the corner of the room where there was a small bunk. Making certain that Bucky was secure, Steven closed his eyes, drawing a deep breath and letting go of whatever control he had, unleashing the beast inside of him that demanded to crush and slay, something that he never did for years and years; the dread inside of him picked up every time the darkness inside of him draw closer and closer to being out, what took place decades ago still echoing in his mind, and Steven feared that there was no going back this time when there was no Tony to yank him out, Steven though, he will wait, and hopefully count on the Avengers to find him in time. When Steven opens his eyes, they were crimson, a mad grin taking over his face as he stared around the place. His eyes fell on Bucky for a second before moving to the bars…
"We should tell the kids…" Tony mumbled, stretching his body over Steve, purring when his Alpha started running one of his hands over his back. "We also need to go to my doctor; Dr. Cho would probably rip my ears off for not contacting her for a long time." A smile crossed over Tony's face when he heard his Alpha chuckle softly at his dilemma.
At his new-founded freedom, Tony managed to stumble toward the lake, trying to crawl as fast as he can so that Howard won't catch him. "Please, please, Morgan; help my baby, please…" Tony chanted like a possessed as he finally reached the shore, his mind thinking about his daughter's safety, ignoring those piercing blue eyes as they fixed on him with a frown. "Please, he is going to hurt her, please, please…" Tony breathed out, his body shaking as he tried to stay awake now the adrenalin finally left his body in the presence of safety.
But the thing is, Tony ends up fighting aliens by the end of 2010 under the leadership of his aunt, it was a hard pill to swallow… but what hurt the most was the fight that took a place in the Helicarrier, he and Bucky nearly ripped each other's head off, no one knew how the fight started but it ends up opening old wounds.
"No, no, Bucky, it's OK, please calm down." Steve offered gently with a smile, letting his scent out, hoping that the scent of a pregnant Omega will calm the Alpha enough that he won't feel threatened. A few seconds later Bucky seemed to calm down, but there was still uncertainly and fear in his eyes, Steve gaze the Alpha a soft smile on his lips as he came to sit near the Alpha on the ground, not wanting Bucky to feel like Steve was pushing on him his statue of being the Omega of the house. "What are you doing, Bucky?" Steve asked, taking in the sewing kit and the shirt in Bucky's hands, and it was then he remembered that Bucky only came in with a small duffle bag and nothing else, and he starts scolding himself how forgetful and unfair he was to Bucky since the Alpha start living here.
Tony didn't know if he was going to sob or was going to choke on his laughter. It was so funny, so, so funny… now Tony can never get back home to new york, not when his father was keeping an eye on Rhodey and Pepper, not if he was already spying on them and accessing their phones. On the other hand, Tony can't stay here, he can't stay in this town and risk his baby getting hurt, or worse, getting her killed by the town's people or the monster that was living in the lake… Tony was really stuck… he was really stuck with no way out, surrounded by all sides that with no escape.
"Steve, are we finished here?" Bucky asked as he returned from the ice cream aisle with a few boxes of ice cream, the sight of Bucky made Steve snap from his confusing state and give the Alpha a small smile; this was probably just a big misunderstanding, the man was probably delusional, he probably had a son or someone he knew with the name Steven and he confused Steve with them.
The possessiveness that Steve showed Tony last night, made him shiver just thinking about it, his toes curled and he had to bite his lips to stop his gasps as he remembered the possessive hands that run over every exposed skin of his body. How Steve marked him and refuse to leave any inch of his body unmarked, making Tony moan and groan and scream in pleasure.
"My, king please, do not rill them up even farther. We saw what they are capable of, we should not-" One of Johann advisors said only to be cut by a harsh slap on the face making him fall on the floor. The loud slap echoed through the eerily silent room, and Steven eyed Johann wrathful expression as he saw Margaret rush to the fallen man and dragged him toward Steven who turned the man's head gently toward him and frowns when he saw that it was old Philips, he then took a handkerchief and start wiping the blood from the man's cheek that one of Johann's rings caused.
Also sorry for the short chapter, I am busy as hell right now.
"Soon, my love, soon…" Steve purred into his ear, letting out a delightful noise when they reached the grave, making Tony gulp, already knowing what they were going to face. (Zombies, ghosts, rotten corpses) "Soon, we shall take revenge on those who wronged you, starting with him." The look on Steve's face nearly made Tony faint; it was so scary that Tony thought of himself as an idiot for doubting that Steve was the scariest assassin out there.
Clint Barton: No idea what u r talking about
him into taking up space, what with Steve insisting he would be "fine with a guest room, really" and "out of his hair as soon as possible". That had been two weeks ago.
Just as Clint had turned on his microphone to answer an audience question, several staggered explosions blew over booths at the far side of the room and made stand-up displays fly into a crowd that did not know where to run. Two seconds later, acrid-smelling smoke started flowing down from the ceiling vents.
A few weeks after the Chitauri attack, Banner had gone off to South-East Asia again, Thor seemed intent on staying in Asgard and the remaining Avengers were slowly picking up the pieces. Literally.
This is how Clint, Tony, Natasha and Steve came to be sprawled in Tony’s living room in various states of inebriation (one of them being complete sobriety), while Tony tried to explain social media to Steve.
Their king ruled with an Iron fist, just like his namesake, the thing that he hated more than the Hydra king himself were rapists, those who take their pleasures without the other party consenting to it, unlike other tribes of their people, their king kill rapists… their first and second raid on the southern lands, they were immature, they killed, they raid and they won… and they were elated, but all of that vanished when their king saw one of their people forcing himself on an Omega, a young one by everyone's standard, still had that baby's fat to his face and still didn't have his first heat… the king went mad after that, made sure to kill the traitor before their eyes, and hang his head from a spear, a reminder for all of them about what he will do if anyone dared to do this again… the Omega, after screaming at them for being monsters, barbarians, beasts, killed himself… everyone still remembers the youngster's face, and Nattalegg was sure that the boy's words were what made everyone despise forcing themselves on others… and it was strange for Nattalegg, to see that she learned this lesson from a child she was supposed to have no sympathy for, but life gave you harsh lessons wither you liked it or not…
When the woman was finally gone, Tony slide down until he was on the floor, terror taking hold of him as the realization of what the ghost said finally made sense to his poor and scared mind. "I'm going to die…" Tony choked, tilting his head to the side as he finally understood that he just let a ghost who was the cause of the Great Depression stay in his mansion with the scariest and ruthless assassin in the whole world...
"Why didn't they tell me? Why did you lie?" Tony's voice cracked as he spooks those words, wondering what kind of excuse Angie would come up with, what kind of lies she was going to tell him. Tony would have understood why they hide it from him; he would have accepted and understood if they told them the town's secret before Stane, hell, even before Ty! But no one told him, no one told him and they let him suffer from self-doubt and fear.
"Are you going to spend your heat with Steve?" She suggested, resulting in Tony's face going in flames, and his flush deepened when his son lifted his head at the mention of Steve's name and looked at Tony, asking him with wide eyes if he could come too, it was that point that Tony swore that he will kill Natasha, or tell Angie all about her wild night with Clint and how she left the poor, poor Omega pregnant, hungry, and alone, is it true? No, will it cause Angie to run after Natasha calling for blood? Yes, will Tony enjoy himself after having his revenge? Oh, yes!
Steve's face light at that and turn to Bucky. "May, Peter, this is Bucky, Bucky Barnes, the Alpha I told you, about," Steve said which made the woman jaw to fell a little and for her face to lighten up in disbelieve and happiness, as for the pup he looked at Bucky with wide eyes letting go of Steve and walking to stand in front of Bucky like he couldn't believe his eyes…
Hearing that, Steve ignored everything around him as he rushed toward his hotel room, gathering his stuff before rushing to the airport, using one of Howard's private jets to arrive in NY all the while he nearly ripped his hair off all the way until he reached home. Part of Steve was angry at his oversight, wondering how did Peggy know about his home, wondering what she did to his husband and children; another part was blaming Steve, growling at how idiot he was, wondering why he didn't bring his family with him to DC.
As for Tony he could only keen, or something equally as unintelligible. It was the first time for Tony in years, the first time he allowed anyone to touch him like this after he knew about his pregnancy; Tony couldn't help but shake and gasp at the near foreign sensations that assaulted him. Steve was just too big, pressing against his prostate and every pleasurable spot inside Tony that the Omega didn't know about; Tony wanted to come so bad now and he needs to come around his Alpha's knot. "Yes,
Anton hummed, his hands flipping the Shield to stare at the back, he had already replaced the worn-out harness with a new one; making the Shield easier to carry and handle. Lost in deep thoughts, Anton flipped the Shield a few more times wondering what he is to do with it; well, Anton could return the Shield just like that, but then the queen would be suspicious of him, not that Steven wasn't suspicious before, but if he just returned the Shield who knows what the queen would do? Another option is returning the Shield in exchange for a favor to be called upon any time Anton demand it. So far this was the most likely option that Anton knew won't backfire on him, not only the queen won't fight with him and accuse him of hidden motives (Which Steven would do either way) but also Steven won't feel indebted to him that he would refuse the Shield.
"I want you to be Tony's doctor…" Steve said making the Beta choke on his tea and start coughing at that when Bruce looked at Steve with a panicked look, Steve gave a tired smile. "The only one I trust here is you, and to be honest I think the doctor in charge of Tony is hiding something, please Bruce, I wouldn't have asked you something like this if I didn't know you can do it." Steve plea making Bruce groan at that and mutter something about him not being that kind of doctor, which made Steve smile happily at that…
It wasn't like Tony was always like this, far from it; in fact, before Tony started overworking himself to become SI's CEO, the genius will spend nearly all his days with Steve, always trying to negotiate with Steve for them to stay in bed today, even when they did that yesterday. Tony used to follow Steve around and hold him every chance he got, to the point that Steve got annoyed at how clingy the Alpha was sometimes; now, now Steve wished he was back to those days, where Tony was always beside him and refuse to let him go.
Ignoring the guards and nurses that indeed follow him, Steve rushed toward Tony's room, his heart pounding uncontrollably in his chest, thinking that something happened to his husband. "It is OK, sweetheart, you did great, I am so proud of you…" Steve heard as soon as he entered the door; the sight in front of him, made Steve relax, the tension that took over his body let go of him and he nearly fell down on the floor from how relieved he felt. Tony was sitting in his bed, Harley and Peter are lying on each side of Tony on the same bed as they held him tightly, hiding their faces in Tony's chest, that sight made Steve smile.
When I wrote this fic, I could only imagine a boy pulling his crush's metaphoric ponytail without realizing the reason why he loved teasing them… the realization at the end though is worth it :D
So what do you think?
It was two years since Tony inherited SI after Howard's went 'Missing' as people claimed, Tony being grateful to take reign of the company that was his by birthright, being grateful to be able to stop the weapon manufacturing, getting rid of the dark stain that painted Tony's life since he was a child, a stain he won't allow to touch his child's life. It was the most freeing experience in Tony's life, when he appointed Pepper as the CEO, not wanting to get involved with something that touched Howard with a fifty-meter poll, thought, Pepper was too happy to keep his seat occupied until Morgan was out of college and ready to take the world by a storm, a thought that did nothing but made Tony smile happily.
Awe! A soft moment between Tony and Steve!
If someone told Tony that today was the day he will lose his Goddamn sanity (And privacy) he would have laughed loudly in their face while walking away, ordering Jarvis to put them on the blacklist for all he cares, but the thing is, that's exactly what happened to him right now. It all started with Barnes, Goddamn Captain fucking America discovering that his childhood friend (And the original Captain America) was still alive, which then ended with him going on his mad quest of catching the Winter Soldier, the most feared assassin in the world. The one that put the fear of God in Natasha Romanov, the ghost stories that everyone feared hearing, lest it was hunted, the Steve Rogers.
His arms were killing him, which was the first thing Steve noticed after he regains himself; his arms were numb and his fingers were twitching, and Steve wondered if he was even going to be able to use them to wheel himself away from here. Steve could only sniffle; he turned his head to the trees and people walking around the park, ignoring how his mind and body were hurt and in pain…
"We are here…" The king said which made Steven stop in his tracks and look at the house in front of him, it was probably the biggest house in the whole village made from wood and stone and had a modern look to it similar to the southern palaces and their many rooms, not only was it big, but it was the farthest away from the center of the village, on the outskirts with the forest behind it, and Steven was sure if he wanted he could plant a vegetable and a fruit garden behind the house, and maybe he will see a well in the back garden too… such a beautiful house owned by such an arrogant character… fitting for a king… "You will follow the rules of the house, you do not, you get punished as simple as that…" Starkad said as he walked inside the house making the Omega follow him with a scowl on his face. "You wake up before dawn and you start cleaning with your brat, no ifs, no buts, morning meal better be served at Tierce and you make sure not to be late, after that you will return to cleaning the house, if you are done then you are to clean the gardens, then the stables, also wash the clothes and clean the furs and linings daily, and make sure to cook the evening meal at None, evening meals are shared either in the dining house, or near the fire pits so make sure you bring the ingredients with you, there are forbidden rooms you must never enter, and if you or your brat do you will be punished, the rooms are locked so do not think of opening them I will know…" Starkad said throwing Steven a pointed look which made the Omega glared at the Alpha. "The outhouse is not that far from here… you only get to sleep if you are finished with your chores, so do not think about slacking, you will take care of Petrus before taking care of your brat, and remember if you talked back you will be punished if you break anything you will be punished if you steal anything you will be punished, and if you tried to run away you and your little friends will all be punished, and that is a promise." The king said while he glared at the Omega causing the Omega to roll his eyes at him while biting his tongue in hope of not saying something he will regret.
"…I wanted to come, Steve… I really did, but something happened!" Tony finally gained the courage to say, breath hitching in his chest as he said those words hoping that the Omega will understand… "I couldn't…" Tony finally said in a small voice which made the Omega turn to look at him with a blank face, making his blood run cold at that…
P.S: This is an Alpha/Beta/Omega dynamic story, it's also a Medieval story with Viking Tony ^o^
Steve paused at the voice that was coming from the speakers, and when it clicked in his mind against common sense he laughed at how Edith used his full name to scold him about something. It was now that it clicked in Steve's head why his husband used Maria Stark's voice when he designed this AI. "Thank you, Edith… I needed that." Muttered Steve as he put his head in his hands, God he felt like shit.
The other one called 'I Love You 3000' also a Stony Omega-verse if you are into time travel, dimension travel, old man Steve Rogers, and young man Steve getting his ass kicked, then go check this story…
"It is not that, Tony, you just don't understand… Rogers… he could have saved Stevie, he could have… he could have saved him like he saved Morgan but he didn't, he let his nephew die… tell me would you let Morgan die if you had the powers Rogers had?" Natasha asked, trying to maybe justify what the town's people did, unaware that Tony finally knew why Rogers never welcomed anyone into his lake and house… why would someone want their jailor to come and mock or blame them while being trapped in this place.
Slowly they moved the few feet towards Steve's bed and together they sank onto the mattress. Steve dragged his hands across Tony's chest and his nipples and Steve pushed his thigh between Tony to rub against the erection he found there, making the Omega gasp into his mouth. In turn, Tony rubbed his fingers and palms over Steve's arms and chest, stomach, and into his hair, everywhere he could reach.
"Did not! You were running when you know you shouldn't and ran into him! I'm so going to tell Dad!" The girl state crossing her arms, ignoring the squeak from the boy; it made Tony wonder if he could sneak away and disappear in the wind before the two of them notice that he was still there.
It ends with Tony letting out a sigh through his nose as he put the pup on the ground. "Hey, baby." Tony whispered to the pup gently which made the pup look at him. "Mama Need to go for a little while can you wait for me with Papa and be a good boy?" Tony said which caused fear to appear in the pup's eyes as he whines a little and shakes his head tears appeared in his eyes.
"What! Can't you two knock on the door like normal people?" Tony questioned as he opened the door, trying to tidy his messy hair as best as he can as he gazed at the two who were bickering on his front porch when the two of them turn to him, Tony saw the surprise on their faces but it was wiped and huge smiles took over.
But that can't be true, it can't be… if Nicolaus was alive, then does that mean Volundrsson is alive too? "It has been a long time, has it not?" The Alpha said casually, but Steven managed to detect the mistrust and doubt in the man's eye, causing Steven's lips to twitch. "You cannot imagine my surprise when I heard about the new Omega from the south, a Queen that goes by the name Steven; but that is not your real name, is it…
After many discussions between Steve and him, the two of them ended up hosting a get together with their family and friends to tell them the happy news; Tony was still so nervous about telling his friends about the baby, feeling like this was a dream he was passing through and that he would wake up from any time now, which would be more heartbreaking than Tony wanted to think.
"Steve!" Tony cried out as he pulled Steve from his kneeling position and holding him, causing Steve to swallow and for his lips to wobble; stupid Tony! Didn't he realize that he had endangered himself? That Thanos would kill him? That Peter would grow up without his father for the stupid stunt Tony pulled?
Steve turned his gaze toward Tony, giving the Alpha a tired smile; his Tony was still foolish after all these years, the Alpha with the biggest heart there is. Steve never ever wanted to be one of the reasons that will cause Tony pain and hurt; he always wanted his Alpha to be happy, he wanted Tony to smile and grin and laugh and have the life that he always wanted and deserved, even if it meant that he will have to leave Steve in the end. Steve just wanted Tony to be happy.
"Tony, here you are!" Pepper smiled when she saw him, and Tony had to hide his grimace, already imagining how his life will end by Pepper's high heels. "Oh, hello Steve." Pepper said after she noticed Steve behind Tony, blushing a little when Steve's eyes fell on her and Tony doesn't know if he should run away at this second or say his last prayers.
"Only you Tony, only you, I expected Steve to be the one choosing this not you… honestly, you just got scary. What did Pepper say about this betrayal?" Rhodey asked, which only got him a smirk from Tony, Pepper was really angry with his song choice, she even threatened him with her high heels… thankfully Serpentine liked the song and gave it the green light. Pepper didn't stay angry with him much longer though, not when he bought her the heels she had her eyes on for a long time now.
"For God's sake Stark, get your shit together, Steve needs you, your son needs you!" Hearing that made Tony raises his head and look at Bucky, he couldn't believe what his ears were hearing; he have a son! Tony's breathing hitches at that and he tried to stand up on his shaky legs, hoping that he wouldn't fall on the floor and embarrass himself more than he already did.
His life was amazing, he doesn't have to worry about money, because let's face it, as much as Tony know Stane influence on his father, he knows his father wouldn't cut him off financially, his father even being under Stane's illusion was a family man, who loved his family. He just wished that his father hadn't met the other Alpha, he was sure he and his father would have been close if he didn't have. He has good friends, understanding friends, who made him happy, they even planned his Baby shower/Welcome to the neighbor and made it such a lovely surprise. Rhodey was also there returning from the basic earlier to surprise him, but if he was honest with himself, Pepper, Happy, and Rhodey's gift was the best out of all he received, the made such a beautiful
Over and over again while kissing his head, rocking him back and forth until Peter finally calmed down and wiped his face in the Alpha's shirt, something that will get him an ear tug from his mother, but the Alpha in front of him only pulled Peter tightly in his arms and kissed his forehead.
"Oh, I'm fine thank you, the only thing that is bothering me is the cravings, I never ate this much fruits in my life," Tony said making the doctor give a small chuckle at that. In the past months, Tony had developed a crazy healthy diet because of the baby. He used to love burgers and sweets and everything in between, but it seems the baby had other thoughts. If he felt Tony coming near a burger or anything that contains fat, let's just say that he and the toilet seat became best friends over the last few months. The baby though adores cherry pie and red raspberry leaf tea, I mean what the hell? The kid practically flutters at the sight of fruits, fruits! Tony never thought he would have to eat this much of healthy food since he was ten and Jarvis was still alive.
When the Alpha reached the Omega he stilled before he starts screaming at the Omega and kneeled near the man, wincing at how pale the Omega was, and the dark circle surrounding his eyes… maybe Starkad needed to call Braes, he was sure the healer will get the Omega something that will help him heal from whatever illness that the Omega was able to fall a victim for, of course, the Beta will spend some time looking at him like a disappointed father for treating the Omega badly, which made the Alpha grumble to himself… his inner Alpha though sneered about how Starkad was the reason that the Omega was ill… a voice that the Alpha shook harshly out of his head.
"It depends on the person themself." Steven finally said after a while of silence, his answer made Loki lean toward him with narrow eyes, as for Tony who was still interested in the time travel theory, lean toward Steven to listen closely to him, ignoring Steve who was trying to get his attention. "Thor… he lost his emotions, couldn't feel anything, no matter how much he wanted, no pain, no grieve, no hope, no love… an empty vessel, he ended up leaving to travel the universe hoping that one day, he will feel something." Steven said that while gazing at Loki's eyes, which widen a little before returning back to normal, Frigga choked on her sob as she looked at Thor who was frozen in his place. "Bruce, became suicidal, doing everything he can to kill himself, he succeeds in the end, found a way to kill himself and the Hulk three years after defeating Thanos." Natasha tense at that stands protectively behind Bruce, putting her hand on the Omega's shoulder to calm him down. "Tony… we thought that Tony survived from the side effects, but as years gone by we realize that he didn't, in the end, his mind failed him and he was diagnosed with Alzheimer's when we talked with the sorcerer supreme… he said that this should have never happened." Steven's eyes went glassy like he was lost in memories, he didn't notice how Tony tensed and the scent of fear start rolling from him before the Omega was able to contain his scent acting as nothing happened. "Natasha died to obtain the Soul Stone, and Clint lost the ability to shoot arrows, he also lost his sharp sight, leaving his vision weak." Steven mutters as he remembered his friends and the pain and fear they went through after noticing the side effects a month after killing Thanos.
Now, to the 'Did you know?!' I decided to install in my historic work ;P
Steven smiled as he took in the stories he heard, his eyes misted a little when the Alpha talked about how Brookland fare in his absence, and how Steven's betrothal became nothing but a pain in the behind when he reached his young adulthood. "W…what happened to Volundrsson?" Steven finally decided to ask, gathering the courage that eluded him for hours as he listens to the Alpha and getting insight into each other's lives.
Tony prayed as he pressed his cheek to the floor, the wooden slats cool against his feverish skin, and listens to the silence.
She can understand if the king wanted to take the Omega and his child with them, considering that they were one of their people, but the servants? That was strange, but the strangest thing she saw was that the servants never cried for their lives, but for the queen and the child, it made Nattalegg wonders if the Omega was an enchantress, who made the king fall in love with him, but she shook that thought away, if the Omega was such a thing, then Loki would have killed him on the spot, the Alpha with the green eyes didn't tell her anything suspicious about the Omega other than him knowing their tongue.
In that century that Steven spent recovering, he visited the nine realms and enjoyed himself ignoring the stars who spit at him when he floats after he rejects the rule of Thor son of Odin, but what Thor the son of Odin did after his coronation which was stopped by the Jotunn, made people and beings alike scared, made them concern, because how will the nine thrive when they have such a foolish prince as a king that wanted war? Suddenly Steven rejection made sense to everyone in the nine, so now instead of being spate at every time he was with someone, he was looked at with desperation and hope, the stars actually believed he was capable of seeing the future, a foolish notion he made sure to inform everyone of, because why would a star be able to see the future when the only thing they do is shine and write the history down? Steven always ignored the other stars that follow him to be their guide, weren't they only a few days ago whispered behind his back and spate at him for what he did a thousand years ago?
"OK… that was interesting!" Serpentine grins darkly, wondering what kind of torture Steve made his friends go through; the ghost couldn't be prouder than she already was, her baby was making his mark on the world, in the biggest way possible! She wonders what his kids are going to be like, and hope desperately they won't be blessed with that awful blond hair and sparkly blue eyes like their father (She still blame Joseph Rogers for her son's look, but he paid for it dearly… with his life) even when her baby grow up to be a beautiful kind of murderous ghost that represent the Winter season.
After that Steve was surprisingly a gentleman and took him in a stroll around the streets of New York; surprisingly they didn't get robbed because of the suits they wore, and everyone seemed to give them a wide birth which informed Tony that Steve was probably known in this neck of the wood if the insane grin was anything to go by. Surprisingly, their stroll was filled with talking and debating; Tony learned that Steve does like art and drawing which was sweet… (Until Steve sighed and told him about the paintings he did with his enemy's blood) all in all, it went better than Tony ever dared to imagine and hope for, which was something.
His lips twitched, and the creature doesn't know what the kind of expression that would have taken over his face if he didn't stop it. Pulling his lips into a snarl, the creature came toward the boy from behind, planning on flipping the boat over, maybe teach the boy a lesson and make him leave his land, for no one was welcomed in his land. Though the creature stopped midway before he continued his action, his ear picking up the whispered words the boy breathed into the water like they were a secret between him and the lake that no one is to hear. These words left the creature confused, it left him stumbled, for this was the first time someone thanked him for helping them.
"Call me Tony, please, and well, me and the kiddo thought that it will be a good start for a change, you know what I mean?" Tony said as he glances at the woman seeing her hum not taking her eyes off of the road, saying something under her breath as they finally left the town behind and headed to Lake House, it made Tony smile and return his gaze outside.
When a woman finally came to escort them, Steven nearly rushed out of the house while dragging the woman demanding that she take him to his friends, thought Steven was more civilized than that, so he just held his babe in his arms and followed the woman, taking the village in with wide eyes with his babe, this was the first time that the Omega left the house and gazed at the life inside of the village.
"Very well, your highness." The leader spoke, catching the room by surprise, and Steven could feel the relief coming from everyone, but Steven just shook and brought his son closer to him, hiding his child's face, even when the pup turned his head to look. "Unfortunately for you, for your disrespect, you do not deserve my name, but I am sure you have heard of me, The Iron King they call me…" Steven couldn't hear the rest of the king's speech, his blood left his face at the name he heard, the Iron King a name Steven hoped to never hear of, a legend who awoke seven years ago recruiting only the strongest out there, burning the Christians down to the ground, leaving no one alive, they don't force themselves on the Omegas, they do worse, they kill their children in front of them and gave them the knife to finish themselves… they take no hostages, no slaves… no nothing…
"Mr. Steve…?" A small voice questioned, and Steve turned shakily behind him, to see Peter standing there, looking afraid but happy at the same time. "Mr. Steve!" Peter let out a sob and rushes toward Steve, hugging him tightly around the waist.
The next hour was draining for both Steve and Peter because Steve was forced to see the hospital perform a lot of tests on the pup, and he wondered if they were too much for his baby, he remembers having to hold Peter tightly when they had to draw blood from the boy, and he won't fault the small boy if he develops a phobia from the needles, he especially had to calm his child down when they start drawing blood from his feet, because they couldn't access his blood from his arms and hands, Peter nearly went hysterical when he saw Tony, which ended up with Steve screaming at the Alpha to get out, ignoring the pained and hurt look, as he tried to calm the sobbing boy down… it was always the hardest part, someone other than Steve being with them, and it probably hurt Peter too, considering that he doesn't want anyone to see him like this…
"OK… what did I do?" Tony questioned making Angie snort and start laughing hard, that made Tony scowl and glare at the older woman waiting until she got her breath under control.
"And remember Tony, call Peggy if anything happened," Maria said making Tony nod his head at that not paying that much attention, he knows the drill by now.
Steve's heart leaped into his throat and he swallowed hard around the lump. "Lock the door please." His voice sounded like a growl to his ears and Steve was kind of embarrassed at the commanding tone but Tony complied, a teasing smile taking over his face. As they stood before one another once more, Steve asked Tony one last time. "Are you sure?" Not wanting Tony to give in to him if he wasn't ready.
"Daddy, what's going on?" The childish voice that came from the door froze Steven in his place, and he turned to the side to see a four years old kid looking at them with big eyes, making Steven hide the pillow behind him and smile innocently at the boy like he wasn't about to attack Anton and send him to his death.
"Apologies accepted, right now, I want to show you how much I love being your Omega." Steve winked then climbed onto the sofa, straddling Tony's legs, being mindful of his pregnant belly. He ground down, slowly, soliciting a low moan from the Alpha as their cocks brushed against each other. Steve knew they were moving way to fast, and that they both should talk first before jumping each other's bones... but it had been such a long time
The person on the other side was silent, not answering Steve's question, and Steve would have thought that the person hung up if it wasn't for the panting on the other side; gazing at Tony, Steve saw the calculated look on his husband's face, it made Steve wondered what would happen. Before Steve snapped something at whoever was calling him a sigh was heard from the other side of the phone.
He met the Banners, Bruce a Beta and his wife Betty who was also a Beta, the man was a scientist so you will find Tony bothering and challenging half of the time, the man seemed happy by that, to be able to talk science with someone else other than himself, his wife was a shrink so she will try to shrink him to death half of the time, only for Tony to laugh it off, though he did become a good friends with them. The Coulsons were next Phil the Alpha and his Omega mate Clint (Who was a hotheaded and strong-willed Omega like Tony the two of them hit it off right away) and their twins Cooper and Lila, they were an awesome people, and Clint will usually drop at his house every time he was bored, usually pulling him out of his lab and taking him on long walks in the neighborhood, Phil work with the government and Clint was an archer, Tony doesn't even know where he works other than this information. There were also the Barnes, Winnie the Alpha and her Omega George and her three Alpha teenagers girls Rebecca, Rose, Lora, and her elder Alpha son James who was in the army, the older woman will usually drop by with food, cooing to him and the baby, even calling him her own, it made him warm on the inside being able to meet a lot of understanding people, who would happily support him.
Tony's heart was pounding in his chest, his breath hitched and his face was probably red from embarrassment but Tony wanted to stay like this forever.
There was too much information that Steve managed to read, but they all went over his head when he tried to make sense of them; Steve's hands were shaking as he read and reread the article that informed him about his husband's marriage to one Pepper Potts for more than six years. Steve couldn't help his lips from wobbling when he read about Peter Stark, Tony's five years old and a genius in the making, the news about the second pregnancy of Pepper Potts made Steve's breath hitch and for his eyes to get blurry… how the hell did this happened?
(See the end of the chapter for
Taking the ring, Steve’s eyes took in Tony who was struggling to hold his grin by biting his lower lip, which gave Steve the confidence to do what he was planning. “You know I planned a long speech preparing for this day for months now.” That earned him a lighthearted chuckle from Tony, for Tony never doubted that Steve actually prepared for this day for months, after all, Steve was the man with a plan. “But I think the most important question is. Will you marry me?” Steve asked with a hopeful face, making Tony smile and nod his head enthusiastically.
"That's amazing Tony!" She said with excitement in her voice which made the Omega look at her with a little bit of embarrassment. "Do you know that only 21% of the world populations have fated mates?" That got a nod from Tony as he sat straight to look at the woman. "What was your sign? You know, how you knew that Mr. Rogers was your mate." That got a pause from Tony and a little frown.
"This… this is madness, Tony," Steve started in a shaky voice his eyes darting from side to side as he took in the holo-screens that display Tony's research; part of Tony was a little angry about how dismissive Steve was, didn't the star realize that Tony had spent week holing in his workshop trying to work this solution, and Steve had the nerve to call this madness! "No one should use the Infinity Stones like this, not even in desperate time, they are unpredictable and uncontrollable and you want to create a war machine powered by one of the stones? Are you losing your mind?" Steve hissed seeming to get over his shock and turn his face to glare at Tony as if daring him to continue with this madness.
Steve didn't remember much of the car ride other than him trying to calm his sobbing baby, the pup had held into Steve hard whimpering and whining all the while refusing to let go of his mother when they reached the hospital.
"And why would I do that?" Stane hissed at Steve, he throws himself at the soldier trying to attack him, only for the agents to restrain him. "Let me go! Don't you know who I am?" Stane snapped making Steve pause and waved to the agents to let him go, which made the agents look at one another and let the Alpha go.
A minute passed, maybe hours? Steve didn't know or care about that, he was in his own little world, lost in fantasying about the child he was having, would they be a boy or a girl? Would they have blond hair or dark chocolate hair like his husband? Would they have his husband's beautiful eyes or his? So many questions that made heart pound and head spin. Steve's smile slipped and he sighs and looks down at his tummy, he caressed his tummy, as he felt sadness consumed him, this joyous day was supposed to be shared with his husband, who abandoned him for work. That made Steve glares at the floor and when the door opened he looked at the Beta that walked toward him with a sunny smile on her face.
For more than two thousand years, ever since he was created, not once did he choose a name, and why would he when he has all the time in the world? Sara chooses her name Saraious after three thousand years of her creation, and then she changes it because he always loved calling her by Sara, simple and short. But Antonette just gave him a name, a name that will be a reminder to him when she was going to leave him alone in this world when she passed, and it will hurt when he will hold into that name, it will break him day after day for all eternity, but for Antonette, for his beautiful darling, he would, he would carry the name and be Steven even if it hurt, as long as his beautiful beloved will smile.
The way to SHIELD was filled with half thought sentences and ways of apologizing to the man, wondering what he would do when he saw the man, wondering if his voice would vanish or if he would start crying nonsense and begging the Alpha to forgive him, hoping that the three of them could move on from what happened and return to how they all were, a big happy family, even if they were struggling to regain their footing.
A pleased smile spread across Tony's face. "Then yes." That was the last thing before their lips met again and Steve drew Tony to his chest by his waist. Tony nipped at Steve's bottom lip unsure and then sucked on it until Steve opened his mouth and their tongues slowly and wetly stroked against another; in the back of his mind, Steve wondered if Nat had anything to do with this, knowing her, she probably gave Tony the sex talk in full details.
"Just because that Omega said he was pregnant doesn't mean it was true, his
"Tell me, traveler… what's the price you had to give for the ability to travel in time and defeat Thanos, surely your price tripled since you returned the stones alone?" Loki asked one day, which made everyone look at Loki like he was a little insane, but Steven just hummed and put his cup down looking at Loki with a humorless smile and an empty gaze.
By the end of his sixth physical therapy session, Steve was sick and tired. He was so sick and tired of everyone around him, the nurses, the doctors, his therapists, and even Peggy; it would take only a little before Steve finally snap and rip someone's throat with his teeth. Two weeks passed since he started his therapy, and the process was still too slow to his liking; while Steve manages to move his arms in any range of motion he wanted if he moved them slowly, he still couldn't walk on his feet or use a crutch more than a few steps, which leaves Steve stuck in a wheelchair with no way to run from this nightmare.
"What do you think about this? It's neat and pretty, not like the fancy ones from before." Tony showed Steve the invitation he was talking about, getting hum from Steve and a kiss on the neck, making Tony sigh in happiness at the attention he was getting from Steve.
Steven though only gaze at him with a raised eyebrow before letting out a low chuckle, which as much as Tony wanted to deny, made him pout like a five years old kid. "You? Delicate? If that was true then you wouldn't have become Iron Man, but if by delicate you meant small and short than yes, I can see that." Steven stated after he raised himself into a sitting position, taking the glass of water on the nightstand near him and taking sips of water.
Getting out of the house, Steve was greeted by the sight of Ban and May, the two of them were ready to get inside the house; Ben was holding his shotgun in his hand while May was holding a bat. Both of them had a scared look on their faces. When May and Ben’s eyes fell on them, May let her bat fall as she rushed to him, pulling him in her embrace as she sobbed, letting out a choked gasp when she saw the bruise on his jaw and the marks on his neck, Steve was grateful she hadn’t comment on his clothes that were ripped and dishevel from the fight.
Jamti gave his friend a sad look, knowing the reason why his friend refused to marry and bear the whispers and sneer that sent his way all these years; as much as it broke Jamti's heart that he will give his friend the bad news, someone has to tell him that enough is enough, it was the time that Anton starts taking the threats of the elders seriously. "I know, Anton, I know, that is why Magna and I have spent the last few weeks fighting for your right to choose; you were granted the choice of who you mate." Jamti's soft tone caused Anton to look up at his friend, the fight leaving both Anton and Jamti when they saw the tiredness swimming in each other's eyes.
Most patients would go into a state of PTA or post-traumatic amnesia, which is described as a state of confusion that occurs immediately following a traumatic brain injury (TBI) in which the injured person is disoriented and unable to remember events that occur after the injury. Most patients although awake, are still in a coma and whatever they dreamt would be very real to them; they wouldn't be able to tell the difference between dreams and reality. For someone to be in PTA for less than 24 hours, it is categorized as a mild traumatic brain injury, moderate is 1-7 days, and severe is anything more than seven days. I hope I managed to help with this explanation, and give as much accuracy to what coma patients go through when they wake up
"My husband was a drunk and abusive piece of shit," Angie stated, finally snapping from her dazed look and turn to Tony, whose eyes were wide at the words that left Angie's mouth. "He was someone I would have never married if he was the last man on earth, but our marriage was arranged by our parents, just like all the marriages in the sixties and the seventies," Angie explained, gazing at Morgan with a sad smile on her lips. "It was hell, but unfortunately I couldn't leave him, not when he had so much power and influence, I knew he would find me wherever I flee, so I suck it up and stayed with him, bearing the abuse and humiliation for sixteen years straight…" Angie hummed, taking the empty bottle from Tony's hand and stand up to wash it, all the while Tony's eyes were on Angie.
The first thing Steve did was checking the date, which made his lips press tightly when he saw it was 2011… this was a joke right? It just can't be… right? Taking a harsh breath Steve flipped to the first page, feeling his heart skipping several beats when he saw the picture of Tony greeting him… Tony who was standing beside Pepper Potts with a five years old boy in his arms…
Walking around Tony smiled at the few people he encountered before finding the DIY section; the town's library wasn't that big, which mean that if Tony took too much time someone will take notice and Tony wouldn't be able to use the excuse of him getting lost. Looking around the place, Tony's breath picked up when he noticed a door labeled as the 'Archive' at the end of the hall, looking around and seeing no one Tony walked fast to the door, shushing his daughter as he reached the door throwing a few looks behind him to see if the road was clear.
Tony watched the Omega head to the kitchen and he took the time to take deep breaths trying to calm himself, hating that he nearly destroyed any chance he could have got with Steve by being a whump, after taking deep breathes a few more times, Tony then went to follow Steve, looking down at the roses that were ruined shamefully. When Tony reached the kitchen he put the roses on the counter, looking at the Omega who glanced at him before putting a hot cup of herbal tea in front of him, making the Alpha give a small sniff at that, taking a deep breath before he starts crying… he always wondered what it was about Steve that always made him lose it, made him either high on happiness when the Omega gave him one of his smiles or cry in fear when he loses the Omega somewhere.
Sarah shifted in her place before she turned her gaze to him, not moving him from her sight which was a little… extra to say the least. "I'm sorry." The woman finally said after a silent pause, which caused Tony to blink his eyes, trying to hide his shock from the woman. "I have to say, I review what you said… and you were right. I tried for so long to protect my family from what Peggy did that I didn't realize I was controlling my son and causing my grandson's condition to get worse… for that, and for what I said the last time we meet, I'm sorry." Sarah shifted a little, and Tony can see the discomfort on her face.
Steve became quiet at the question, confirming Tony's thoughts; it took Steve a few minutes before he sighed leaning back so he can gaze into Tony's eyes. "I can't say that I didn't think about it, but we are a team, Tony, I can't do what I like and forsake your own feeling and thoughts, I love and respect you too much to do such a thing." Tony smiled at the words Steve spoke, his face flushing a pretty shade of pink as he replayed these words over and over in his head.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, maybe blood and violence, a little fluff, and Steve being patient as a saint! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"Thank you…" Tony whispered to Steve who nods his head and went to open the door, the Alpha smiled a little at the pair and went outside, a few seconds later, Tony watched as his family entered the room slowly and calmly as to not scare the pup that was trying to hide behind the Shield watching the newcomers with suspicious eyes. Tony had to swallow as he saw Pepper and Rhodey looking at him with tears in their eyes, but they didn't dare to come near him, they were just shaking behind the group taking a step forward then stop like there was something that stopped them from running toward him. "What? Can't I get a hug from my friends?" Tony tried to say in a joking tone, but the words come out trembling, that made Pepper let out a sob and rush to hug Tony tightly crying on his shoulder, the pup that was sitting in Tony's lap slid away, and sit beside his mother watching as the woman with strange hair hugged his mother crying.
"What's going to happen to my baby?" Steve asked, dreading the answer already, this was the first time that Steve managed to hear the truth about the Stark family, and it was only thanks to his brother-in-law who was facing the same dilemma as him; it made Steve concern and scared wondering what's his daughter's fate going to be, and what would happen if Steve finally went through the divorce as Natasha and Sam tried to convince him.
That made the pup smile a little and look at the floor in self-consciousness, but Tony didn't want that so he ignores his fear of the pup's father and pulled the small child in a hug, purring loudly which made the pup giggle and huge him tightly. "Thank you for saving me, Mr. Stark." The boy said which made the Omega hum and let go of the pup to ruffle his hair.
"I am so tired Steve…" Tony's voice cracked as he said those words, causing Steve to hold him as tightly as he can without hurting the Omega, hoping to be able to comfort his lover. "I am so tired of always getting my hopes up, why can't I just believe that he is dead? Why can't I move on and forget about him? Ten years have passed Steve, and I want to move on, I don't want to remember him… sometimes I wished I never had him, or that he actually died when the car hit me that day… and in the end, I wake up hating myself even more for thinking about that…" Tony gives a moan of pain as he hides his face in Steve's neck, tears start trickling down his face, but the Omega didn't care about them, he was in too much pain to care about the humiliation of him crying in the street.
Tony after leaving his room, he walked around the house searching for Steve, not calling the man's name, not wanting to wake up his family and annoy them when it was the middle of the night, he searched in his lab, his father's lab, the kitchens in fear of the soldier being hungry and that was the reason why he wasn't back, he searched the soldier's old room, and aunt Peggy's office, frowning when he didn't find the soldier anywhere, which caused the Omega to huff to himself, having only one destination left and that was his father's office.
"Then it is good that I have kept my promise." The Alpha smiled before his lips twitched down, already informing Steven of the line of thoughts the man was thinking. "How did you end in the south, Stefán?" Nicolaus asked the curiosity and wonder were swimming in the man's eye, causing Steve to press his lips tightly to form a thin line.
"The enemy of my enemy is a friend…" Steven hummed; a dark twisted smile took over his face at the ironic thought of the Iron King being his ally in getting rid of a person who is supposed to be the king's mate "What the people will say, I wonder…" Steven mock, tilting his head to look at the king who rolled his eyes at the display but didn't seem concerned about Steven telling people about what took a place here. "You came asking for an alliance, but never once did you show me a sign of goodwill by offering your name," Steven stated his words making the king still in his place before turning to Steven.
"Not at all, it was a pleasure talking with the little superhero here." Tony said which get a huge smile from the kid who looked at the woman with a proud look. "So you never told me your name or is it that you loved being called Iron Man?" Tony said which made the pup smile happily at being called Iron Man.
Steven ended up saying which got an enraged scream from Margaret, but the Omega didn't give it a mind, he just stood up and went deeper into the cell raising the fabric the Iron King left for him a relieved smile twitched on his lips when he saw that they were pants and tonic with leather shoes, he then wore the pants under the dress, grumbling to himself when the dress got in his way, which Steven ended up ripping it to be able to wear the pants without some frilly fabric getting in his way.
"So only courting, no sex of any kind, are we clear?" Steven asked which made Tony nod his head with a smile. "Good, because if you lie to me Tony, I swear I will let Peggy pull your ear off and not let you leave the house for the rest of your life, as for Rogers… he will get his dick ripped off and shoved down his throat after being violated with it." Steven said darkly which made Tony sweat nervously fear painting his face.
Steve paused when he was putting the cups and turned to Jarvis with a tired look on his face, Steve never felt like eighty years old as he did now. "He had a pup…" Steve said, making Jarvis sit on the chair or he was going to lose his footing. "But he is sick Jarvis… I don't think he would make it, I don't know if it was TB, but he is so sick he smelled of death… he is so small, too small, and he… he called me Cap as if he knew me… and I…" Steve's voice broke and he could hear Jarvis' stuttering breath and sniffs as the Beta tried to calm himself.
Tony let out a tired sigh as he let the baby bag fall on the floor next to the sofa; his mind was going in circles as he remembered today's events. His heart was still overworked, still remembering how he was nearly caught, it was only thanks to the door he found (Leading to the recording room which leads to another section of the library) that Tony managed to fool Maria, other than that, Tony would have probably been caught and God's know what this strange town will do to him.
"… He smelled like a family…" Peter mumbled looking at Steve with a confused look on his face. "Mommy, why did Mr. Stark smell like a family?" Peter asked which made Steve's heart skip a beat at that, clenching his fists and crossing his arms over his skinny chest, trying to calm his heart in fear of another asthma attack or worse.
The knocking on the door made Tony blink and raise his head, gazing at the door with a thoughtful look on his face before sighing and standing up, going straight to the door; if it was Rogers, then it would be a good time for Tony to apologize and explain to him that he was not his type (Even when it was a lie, cause tall blonds with blue eyes are so his type) and if it was one of his teammate planning on killing him, Tony was sure that J.A.R.V.I.S. will forget being petty with him and save his ass.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony was really baffled how the big bad and huge Alpha before him was nothing but a soft teddy bear, but it was kinda calming on its own, not being pushed around or hit on for being an Omega, it was calming just to be talked to like a normal person when they finally finish and it was time to leave, Tony smiled a little and waved to the pup who was looking at the ground with a pout, the small bambino nearly throw a fit when Tony checked in and was ready to leave, only the promise of Tony to see him around made the pup calm… it was strange, how the pup was attached to a stranger and Tony didn't know who was alarmed more him or Steve, he saw how the Alpha was shocked and embarrassed by his son's action, but Tony just waved it off, it was probably a hero-worship that will go with time…
"Oh, boy." Angie snorted, making Tony pout. "Kid, you just proved that Captain America is alive… and you claimed him as your Alpha at the same time." That made Tony's jaw fall to the ground. "Jarvis dear, bring the strong stuff! We are going to celebrate Tony finding his Alpha!" Angie sing-song, making the Beta smile at that, and head to the bar. Needless to say, Tony may have dug his grave but on the bright side at least his mother stopped pestering him about mating a 'good' Alpha.
"Sorry, man, but this is the only way for her to leave you alone, if I didn't then God knows what that psycho would have done," Clint stated, causing Tony's eyes to widen even more and for his stress to raise off the chart; a part of Tony was terrified of what Peggy would have done if Clint didn't arrive on time or if she had spotted Peter and Harley without anyone seeing her… just who the hell was Peggy Carter, that Clint thought bringing out the guns was the best way to drive her away? "Dude, are you alright, you are turning white!" Clint said in alarm walking to Tony who seemed to be swaying on his feet. Tony could only give a dumb 'Huh?' before everything turned dark and his legs gave up on him, causing Clint to shout and rush to catch him before he fell on his face.
"I… I am sorry… I… I got a little lost in my head, is all." The woman smiled as she took in the man's brown hair, honey brown eyes, and tan skin; the woman was sure she saw him somewhere, the thing was, where? "My name is Sarah Rogers; I used to live in this house… I… I was passing through the town and decided to come and see how much it changed." Sarah whispered, taking in the man whose face lightened up and his eyes soften as he took her in.
"Oh, what do you think? Did you like it?" Steve asked as he put his cup down and gaze at Tony, feeling uneasy with how the Omega was acting all evening, wondering what happened to his lover to make him act like that, hoping that he can help in any way he can.
He ends up going to Happy and Pepper's house with a gift, Pepper cried and hugged him tightly when she saw him standing there waiting, Tony finally met his niece, a bubbly six months old that he held for the first time and cried while he did that, he never wanted to let her go…
His mother said in delight, making Steve look down at his hands with a sad frown, wondering how he was going to tell his mother that no, he was not in love with Bucky like how his mother had hoped for all these years, but he was in love with a normal human who hates him. "He is not Bucky, Ma, he is normal…" Steve finally said, hearing shocked gasps from his family making him grimace, taking hold of the knife near him, and start throwing his combat knife and catch it in midair.
So Tony prepared himself for the death that will come to him as soon as he opened the door; he tensed and stood up, marching to the door with a deep breath. As soon as opened the door, he promised himself that he will do nothing but preparing to get a punch in the face; to Tony's surprise, Bucky wasn't there, instead, there was a doll that looked suspiciously like Bucky. A doll that growls and jumps and tried to throw what looked like a Captain America's Shield at Tony without succession because it was sewed to the toy's hand.
The tears were hot in Steven's eyes, a pained whine was trapped behind his lips; the thought of him losing his child, losing his only family was too much. Standing from his bed, Steven gritted his teeth and bear the pain in his stomach, his first priority was to find James, his baby; Steven has to find him before Johann did! His James was in danger, just like his brother, he was not going to lose his James too!
After they read the message, Peggy made sure that her best spies were tracking the location and whose number the message was sent from. All the while Steve stood away with his hand on Howard's shoulder who was too shaken to even be of use, Peggy had taken him aside and questioned him about the singing, questioned him what he was doing, why he didn't tell them sooner? Why did he always spent his time in Tony's room but never with them? That, Yes, they all know where Steve disappears to but didn't have the heart to stop him, that they all knew that Steve had fixed Dum-E a test that even Howard couldn't do because he doesn't have the heart to do, they asked him why he was pushing them aside…
When you see the character talks like this: "Italic" it meant they are the servants from the Hydra kingdom and they are talking in English, which meant that the Vikings who know English will understand them.
"Come on, baby. Be a good girl for Daddy." Tony cooed as he tried to calm the fussy baby in his arms, wondering what sit her crying this time. It was the third time this hour, and Tony was one step away from crying himself; it wasn't like he could have asked Rhodey and Pepper for help, considering that the two of them were in town today, going to buy the necessity the will need for their two weeks stay here.
Now it brought Steve to where he was, trying to sneak out of the house to the supermarket, only to be stopped by Bucky who nearly had an aneurysm when he caught on to what Steve was planning. Now Steve knew what he was doing was wrong (Oh he knew, Bucky gave him an hour-long lecture to make sure that he does, he even brought out the dangers of going out when they still hadn't caught the stalker/prankster/trespasser/serial-killer?) but Steve couldn't stay in the house another minute or he would end up killing someone.
Two months later, Tony gave birth to a little boy, and just like he stated he was giving him to adoption, he refused to look at the baby even when the nurse brought the baby for Tony to hold; Steven knowing that Tony will regret it if he went through this, smiled at Tony and stated softly that he should at least hold the baby before giving him up. Holding the baby, Tony couldn't let go of the small boy; crying the whole time as he glared at everyone daring them to take the baby away from him.
"Oh, God, no, Peter…" Tony moan as he leans on the table behind him with his hand fisting the shirt over his Arc-Reactor. Oh, God, his little bambino was Peter Rogers, the small sickly pup, who talks about his father being the best engineer in the world, his baby was sick with leukemia, he met his baby and his baby was sick, and he end up making his precious bambino cry!
"If you want to get better call her, she will help, just tell her I was the one to send you…." Tony said before leaving, and Steven had to stop himself from smiling, it seems that Tony is still awkward at expressing his feeling, probably ran to his lab to get rid of the hives he felt when he tried to open up with Steven.
It wasn't until Steve was on the way to know the gender that he became nervous, wondering if he should put it off until the birth to make it a surprise for both him and his 'absent' mate. A hand softly touched his shoulder, making Steve look up to see that Bucky was giving him an encouraging smile; the smile seemed to be infectious because Steve couldn't help but return it. Turning to his doctor, Steve could only nod his head; squeezing Bucky's hand when the Alpha held his.
The pup looked at the toy fidgeting a little. "He smelled nice not like a bad person…" Peter said which made Steve sigh at his son's description of Omegas. "He just smelled sad, like he was in pain… and he was nice, not mean." Peter said as he hugged the toy tightly purring a little at that.
If there was one thing that Steven hated with passion it was being forced to deal with disrespectable motherfuckers who think they are above everything so they bullied those who are under them, and what made Steven nearly say fuck it and punch something was that his younger self in this universe was one of them. So after the shock that the Ancient One left in her wake, and after Steven dropped the 'H' bomb, the team was now in the Stark mansion, which was strange because in his timeline the Avengers had been living in the tower before they start living in the compound, but it doesn't matter, as long as Tony and the rest of the team were happy.
So he made sure to work for it, he went to Jarvis one day, knowing the man had the connections to help him, he asked from the man to make him a fake ID, passport, and papers with the name of Anthony Carbonell, the man had been shocked at first, confused even, but one of the things Anthony loved about the man is that he doesn't ask any questions, he just nodded his head and told him to come for them next month, everyone in his family knew that Anthony would end up running away because of Howard, and everyone knew that the only reason he stayed this long was because of his mother, but his mother was finally getting over her depression, she was finally standing up for herself against Howard, she was finally getting her life on the track, and Anthony knew that it was time for him to get his life on the track.
"Love, Harley will adore you, don't worry about it." Steve gave him a soft smile, pulling him in his embrace, making Tony sigh and snuggle into Steve's chest, letting out a content purr, when he felt his Alpha kissing the top of his head, God, his to-be-mate is so sweet!
"Are you insane?" Howard shouted after in click inside his head. "Do you have any idea what this will do to you? People will roast you alive, what about the future you always talked about? Are you ready to throw all of that for that… that parasite? We have time Tony, you can get rid of it, or you can give if for adoption if you don't have the heart, but think about your future!" Howard said, trying to reason with his son, which only made Tony growl and snarl at Howard which made the older Alpha take a step back at the display.
Howard, after lots and lots of snipping and snapping and being dragged around by Peggy, the Jarvises, and Maria; apologized to Steve and Peter for being an asshole, something that nearly made Steve chock on thin air for how sudden and surprising it was to gain the apologize. What makes Steve even consider forgiving Howard for years of pain and hurt, was Peter taking a shining to the man, and Howard being dotting and an understanding grandparent, even when he refused to show everyone but Peter his soft side
"Goodnight, Tony." His father said making Tony turn to him and nods; he waited outside with Jarvis until he saw their car leave the mansion's gates.
Steve let out a tired sigh as he came to the bed to take a seat, not sitting close to Harley in the fear of sitting him off; his mind was overthinking, trying to find a way to break the subject to Harley without scaring the boy. "You are angry at me, aren't you?" Harley asked in a small voice causing Steve to blink his eyes and turn to the boy who was playing with his hands like they were the most interesting thing in the world.
"Sorry, sweetheart, but I needed to destroy them all and bring their real leader Killian; those bastards were trying to hack your suits and seek them on you using something called Extremis, how dare them to try to defile your tomb like that?!" Steve snarled kicking the poor bastard on his back, making him whimper and shiver in his place, pleading and whining for mercy which only enrages Tony even more after the piece of information he got.
"Then what are we going to do? Natasha and I can do all of the undercover work, but what about the Helicarriers?" Clint asked looking t Natasha who was looking at Steven with a strange look, the Omega didn't even know what to make off, but what the man said made Clint a little afraid; if Shield was Hydra does that mean that Phil was too?
(See the end of the chapter for
"Nothing, there was just a misunderstanding, right Steve?" Tony asked, in an annoyed voice, turning to Steve who was shaking and clenching his hands hard enough that his nails caused him to bleed. "Let's go to sleep, Steve, we will talk tomorrow when you are calm," Tony stated as he tried to steer Steve toward the bedroom, only to get pushed away by the said Omega.
"Oh…" Steve can only let out a breath, his face turning hotter by the second as a blush taking over his whole body. It had been years since Steve heard these words; these words were the stupid but endearing pickup line his husband use the first time they met. Steve couldn't believe his eyes, couldn't believe that Tony still remembered (And of course it was Tony! Only his husband knows about these special words that Tony whispered to him the day they met), even when he seemed distant and uncaring ever since he started working extra hours in S.I.
"Oh? And here I thought that my invitation was lost in the mail." Ty smiled as those words left him, his eyes though, they were dark and promising pain, but Tony stilled himself, he wasn't that weak man anymore, he was Tony Stark, he was Iron Man, not the shaky crying mess that Ty left in 2008. "I see you have replaced me already; I admit he is pleasant to the eye, but tell me Tones, does he make you sing as I did?" Ty's smile was full of teeth as he leaned toward Tony, causing Tony's hand to shake before hiding in his pocket.
"Go to hell, I will never be yours!" A snarl leaving Steve's bloody lips but it did nothing but turn into a choked whimper when the titan tightened his hand around Steve's neck. Anger clouded the titan's face, and he took one of Steve's arms and twits it hard, causing Steve to scream in pain. Tony let out a cry of terror when he heard the sound of the bones snap every time Steve repeated his refusal to the titan's proposal, and in the end, it ended with Steve's heart being ripped out; Tony tried to run, tried to save Steve, to scream, to do anything, but everything turned white once more, leaving Tony shaken to the bones.
The dreamy sigh he heard from Barnes made him look at the man who was looking at the screen like a schoolgirl watching her crush, making Tony press his lips tightly into a straight line. "He is an Addams…" Barnes said, and where those hearts floating around him?
"Thor… Asgard, you need to return to Asgard; Thanos has made his move and he is going to attack Asgard!" Tony choked breathlessly when he finally reached his fellow Avengers. Tony's outburst caused his friends and family to let out confused noises, and for Thor's face to turn as pale as a sheet.
He stumbles to his feet, his hands pushing at nothing as he tries to get away, breath refusing to leave his chest, and out of nowhere a fire flares up, painfully bright, and Tony backs away, his eyes watering and when he was able to open them he saw nothing. He spins around in the darkness, confused and disoriented. His hands won't stop shaking, his throat aches, his chest burns, he can't breathe. "Fuck!" Tony whined, rubbing at his eyes with the heel of his hand. He chokes back a sob, sucking in harsh gasps of air. His heart pounds like a hammer, every pulse sending a shockwave of pain through his chest. Nothing comes charging out of the forest towards him. Nothing wraps around his leg and drags him into the lake, he was only able to relax when his hand touched his belly and felt that the baby was still there, which made him relax even more
I may write a sequel on a later date though, I know this story has so many potentials; we still have to tackle the Stane issue and a few other things.
Tony smiled at that letting out a happy sigh, it seemed that Peter was finally OK, which was something he spent the whole evening thinking of, worried about the small boy to no end. He was a relief when Steve told him the boy was fine thankfully.
Dr. Ross stayed silent for a while until a comforting smile took over her face. "Singing, is a rare sign, you know? There is only 0.3% of the people around the world who can safely say they hear their fated mate's voice, some consider that a sign of madness, and usually it end with suicide… but here you are, talking proudly about something that you probably didn't tell anyone until now, I hope you know how much strength that took." Dr. Ross's words made Tony fidget a little and look at his hands a flush of embarrassment taking over his face. "Tell me, Tony, what do you feel about Steve, do you think that there is a future for the two of you?" That made Tony furrows his brows in confusion.
Steven spent few minutes listening to Edith with interest taking in the difference he can see in the suit while checking the new additions Edith talked about, smiling sadly knowing that his husband made all of this with him in mind… like he already knew what will happen after he will leave Steven alone.
Dr. Ross spent that time giving a small smile, especially when she was seeing Tony acted animatedly as he talked about Rogers, something that he didn't do a month ago. "You and Mr. Rogers seem close, friends?" Dr. Ross asked which made Tony go quiet for a little while biting his lower lip before licking it to wit his lip.
"Can you please stop blaming your brother for every single thing that something wrong happened?" Steve finally snapped, unable to calm himself, not after what he experienced today; Tony throwing the blame left and right wasn't helping him at all. "Look, Tony, I don't know what is your fucking problem with Bucky, and I don't even want to know, but please… please stop doing this, stop blaming him for everything, stop acting like he is the lower of the low; if nothing else he is your brother, so please." Steve plea, turning to his husband who was looking away from him; a few minutes passed with no acknowledgment from his husband which made Steve bit his bottom lip and turns away heading to the bathroom.
"You know what? I'm getting tired by this pointless fight, besides; my lunch break is starting now… Edith, you know what to do." As soon as Steven said that, all the Doombots froze in their places, which made the Avengers look at one another, waiting to see if this was one of Doom's tricks, but when nothing happened after a while, Tony knocked at one of the bots closer to him, watching as it fell on the ground like a hapless junk.
"Who is this woman?" Tony asked when he reached the picture of a strange woman standing near his pup while gazing at the baby with wonder, looking closely to the picture Tony saw that the woman was pregnant but her belly was hidden by the clothes she wore, his question made Steve tense, and Tony knew who this woman was immediately, but before he waved his hand off to the Alpha, telling him it was alright, the Alpha answered him, surprising Tony.
It ended with the three of them staying for an hour at Angie's diner, bickering and laughing and annoying each other until they were done and made the plan to return to Tony's house, the three of them were talking about doing a movie marathon which got Tony a little bit excited it has been ages since the last time he saw a movie. Tony let out a happy hum as he waited for Rhodey and Pepper outside of the diner, the two of them had gone to pester Angie about the secret ingredient for the amazing coffee she makes (Not that he tried it, being pregnant and all, but it made him pout when he saw people moan in pleasure after the first sip) something that Tony knows the two of them won't get, for Angie always protected the secrets to her amazing food like a dragon protecting its treasure.
Maybe he was really losing his mind, maybe he was a dumb bastard who will end up killed and eaten by the monster, but the monster saved him and his baby, that's the only important thing for Tony. Looking around the place, Tony gave a tired smile when he noticed the boat on the shore; the boat that Tony cleaned and painted with the help of Rhodey and Pepper, the boat that Tony never dared to use.
Tears slide down Tony's face as he gazed at the mansion that was turning into nothing but coal and burning timber; Thor was trying desperately to put the fire out, summoning a big enough storm to do that. The thunder God was terrified as Tony was, but unlike Tony, he only cared about saving Steve right now; Tony couldn't blame him, because the only thing that Tony care about is finding his son, his baby, his everything.
"Mr. Carbonell, it's so good to see you again!" Dr. Cho called out making Tony look up from his magazine with a happy smile. The older Beta never felt as happy as she did when she saw the young Omega again, he was glowing, that made her smile happily.
"How was my baby doing all this time?" Steve asked his little pup, getting a grumble from his baby as Steve came and hug him tightly in his embrace. "I miss you, baby." Steve whispered, kissing his baby's forehead a few times, getting a content sigh from his boy.
"Oh, look he is awake," Clint said as he took a bite from his apple, everyone turned toward Steve at Clint's comment, and Steve did nothing but blink as he took the sight of his friends, smiling happily when Tony turn toward him.
Another Omega-Verse! Yay!
, you look so dashing in this suit, so amazing!" Steve sighed, a dreamy look on his face as he took Tony in; Tony on the other hand tried to ignore the hearts that were throbbing in Steve's eyes, which was kinda freaky if you asked Tony, but what can he do? Tony was a magnet for trouble since he was a kid, catching the attention of the Addams family was one of the far possibilities, but it was possible with his crazy life.
1-Vikings loved winter… when I say they love it I mean they really did, not only did they invented many Winter sports and have many festivals, but in wintertime, Vikings used to go to lakes for a dip in freezing water. That practice is still around, as many Danish and Scandinavian people (Titled Vikings) still liked to dip in freezing waters, they even argue that cold water swimming improves their mental and physical health. Do you think so? Just the thought of cold water makes me shiver…
