“I really like it,” Steve assured him, looking down at his hand and studying it for a long time.  “What do you want to talk about?”
my Stevie-sense pinged,” Barnes muttered with a lop-sided grimace, snapping his fingers and pointing at Steve. “What did I tell you?”
“That sounds good, Tony,” Steve replied.  “Truth is…well,” Steve stopped, and Tony could almost hear his jaw grinding together.  “Truth is, Bucky’s been on me all afternoon to tell you that I kind of am…well, as he put it, having not exactly fake husband-like feelings, and I guess—well, I guess it’s only fair to tell you.  I--I just, I wanted you to know.  If it makes it awkward, or uncomfortable, we can figure something out for the next few days.  I mean, I don’t want you to feel like you have to or—or anything.”
easier when you talk it out.  Go figure.  I feel like starting a talk show and giving people cars or something.  Spread the love, that kind of thing.”
It was Steve who moved this time, finding his footing and pushing off the wall, cupping the sides of Tony’s face in his hands.  Tony’s hands came up to wrap around Steve’s wrists, rubbing circles over the pulse points there in a motion that was somehow encouraging.
Somehow, they managed to make it to the bedroom, though there was a trail of clothes littered behind them like breadcrumbs, Steve noticed.  Tony’s jacket. One of his shoes. Steve’s bow-tie and one of the gold bullion mess knots that had adorned his shoulder. Steve didn’t even remember any of that coming off, not that he had been exactly lucid.  Tony tapped one of the panels on the wall and a light came on in the corner of the room, just enough to cast a soft, pale glow, but not enough to dampen the effect of the view from the massive window that overlooked the Strip.  Steve could see their reflections in the glass. It looked like they were surrounded by lights, like some kind of strange, ethereal painting.
The hinges made a noise when Tony pushed the door open fully.  Everything in this place creaked, groaned or otherwise protested like it was Occupy Lumberjack.   He had gotten to almost find it endearing, the way the cabin seemed to sometimes talk back like a surly, old aunt who clucked and snorted disapprovingly from her rocking chair while pretending not to listen to your conversation.  How many times had he laid in his bed and listened for the squeak of Steve’s door to open or the telltale footfall on that one floorboard in the hallway that always crackled in the morning as if it, too, wasn’t happy about waking up?
He blinked, adjusting to the light as the door shut behind him with a soft thud. The room was small, and softly lit by a domed light overhead, instead of the harsh glow from the hallway. Wood paneling covered all four walls. A large, plush rug ran the length of the room. To one side, a door opened to a tiny bathroom with just a toilet and one of those pedestal sinks. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see the edge of his reflection caught in the simple mirror hanging over the sink, though he didn’t feel like looking at himself very long.
“Of course,” Steve said, confusion at Tony’s question making him draw back, though Tony’s moods being as changeable as the sea he so wanted to control were becoming somewhat comfortingly familiar to Steve.  He tried to remember what his thoughts had been.  He must have dreamed of life after the war.  Everyone had.  Vague notions of Bucky and Nat, a small cottage and warm hearth with red-haired hellions running to and fro, with Sam by his side, talking his ear off, and Clint threatening to use Redwing’s feathers for his arrows. Pietro and Wanda arguing about the importance of a twelve minute difference in their entries into this world.  And Steve, watching it all.  I would watch them live their lives, Steve thought. Their lives after the war, in that blank space of time that had never seemed to exist for Steve, though he didn’t want to say this to Tony. “I guess I thought we—my team, I mean—we’d all end up together.  Somehow.  That, ah.  Actually, that doesn’t make much sense,” Steve said with a small laugh. “They were all from different corners of the country, truth be told. Clint had a farm and a family.  Wanda and Pietro—they were siblings.  Twins, actually, though they looked little alike.  Their village was all but destroyed, but they’d talked of helping rebuild one day. I’d have probably followed Bucky and Nat around until they got tired of me, I guess.  Nat—Natasha—she and Bucky were married.  Well, not truly married, not with a holy man or anything, but they said their vows in a circle of standing stones, the way people used to, and Natasha said that was just as good, if it was truly meant.”
It happened too quickly.  Or, faster than Tony had expected, anyway.  When it happened, it wasn’t nearly as dramatic as Tony had imagined in his head.  JARVIS just...didn’t answer. No build up. No heartfelt goodbye. The signal was just gone.  Lost. He was too far, now. Too far, alone, and the thing in his chest had killed him back in that cave, only he just figured that out now.  Fitting, he supposed. In the end, in a way, it really was his own weapons that would kill him.
“You got me thirty one of them,” Steve countered. “If I’m not mistaken, that’s a ‘Mine, Mine, Mine’ shirt for each day of the month.”
“I wish that were so, but war will never be gone from this world so long as there are men who crave power,” Steve countered.  “And there are always men like that.”
“Thanks,” Steve said. He wiped the back of his hand against his lip, though the blood was gone now, he realized.  “I...I fell.”
“Ah, Sir, ah, Your—Your—” one of the guards stammered. He reached out, then stopped, hand suspended midair as Steve brushed past him.
“He’s probably teething,” Clint said, shooting a look over his shoulder as he got the jet into the air.  “The drool,” Clint explained at Tony’s blank look.  “Might be why he’s a little fussy, too.”
“Captain Rogers, did you turn down the Medal of Honor because you didn’t want the scrutiny?” another reporter called out from the back of the room.
It wasn’t as though he didn’t understand that some of his anger and disgust was really aimed at himself. Steve knew it wasn’t the same, what he contemplated, but he also knew how much his leaving would hurt Tony. Some of that, at least, was on Stone for laying the groundwork.  Forever making Tony think he wasn’t worth loving. And I’m going to do it to him again, Steve thought grimly. Take all of this and throw it in his face, say that anything, even death, is better than being with him. He wondered, even now, when his mind churned with plans and maps and strategies, if he would truly be able to do it.   He closed his eyes for a moment, heard Tony rise to give the pronouncement to open the games, then reached up and wrapped his hand around Tony’s as he sat back down. Tony didn’t move his hand. He didn’t move at all, really.
It was 2 a.m., Tony remembered, thumbing for the end button with punch-covered fingers. Rhodey was asleep, of course he was, and why the hell wasn’t he just getting a taxi?  He pulled the phone into his lap so he could see what he was doing, pressing his slick, sticky thumb to the red button for all it was worth, then noticed that the contact at the top wasn’t even Rhodey’s phone.
“I’m…” Tony began in a burst of air that almost wasn’t a word.  He pumped his hips again and reached for his cock, only to have Steve shoot out a hand to grab his.  “Huh?”
Tony looked over at him as he walked in, typed something into the computer that made the spinning slow to a stop and doffed the goggles.
“Yes.  Master,” Steve said, then clamped his jaw together and looked somewhere over Zola’s shoulder where a statute of a knight raised his shield to ward off a dragon’s stone fire.
“You know, we could just skip this exercise in bureaucracy and let me pay for whatever treatment it is he needs,” Tony suggested.  “Go play mini-golf instead.  I really want to get one down Gene Simmons’ throat.  Wow. That sounded wrong.
“By all accounts—well, except for that nonsense his parents hired some consultant to put together in that folder—he’s quite the problem child.  It’s well known in some circles why he hasn’t Bonded yet, even though he’s the only child of a fairly well-to-do family,” she said.  “Parents are likely rather desperate. Disobedient to something of a fault, I hear.  A bit of a troublemaker, really—there have been several rather unfortunate public incidents--brash to the point of rudeness and astoundingly arrogant.  No, no, now, what you need is someone calm, gentle, good-natured.  Disciplined, I think,” she suggested with a soft, certain smile and slight nod of her head.
His voice sounded unsure. God, Steve hated that.  One step at a time, Steve told himself.  This was for Tony.  He could do this for Tony.
“You better fucking hear me!” Brock roared, his face shoved up to Steve’s, breath hot on Steve’s cheek.  “I am not going to be played for a fool here, Steve.  That is not going to happen.  Do you get that?  That is not how this is going to go.
Steve’s thrusts sped up, shallow then deep, sometimes hitting the place inside just right, sometimes teasing at it, until Tony thought he would explode with need. It built up, this pressure, this warmth, this insistent, pulsing throb that bordered on pain, then Steve would find the spot inside him and everything would be wiped away by a wave of pleasure, only to start again the next time.  Finally, Steve’s thrusts lost their rhythm. His hips juddered and he rolled them, sending a whole new sensation through Tony that made him gasp. He pumped again, then again, bottoming out, Tony’s hole loose and slack around him. He scooped up a handful of slick and wrapped his hand around Tony’s cock, stroking up and down as he thrust again, mimicking the motion, his hand twisting on the head of Tony’s cock just as his angle found that place deep inside Tony one, last time.
“The show is always so nice over the lake,” Maria remarked.  “Girls, please don’t dive off the end of the dock. It’s actually quite shallow and there are rocks!” she called out.
“If I’m really supposed to work with the company, don’t you kind of think it might be helpful if the CEO and I occasionally, I don’t know, chatted?” Tony asked, throwing his hands up in the air.  “He was just trying to help.  With the whole Heat thing, I mean.  I know, it’s unusual, since it was my first Heat and all.  I know, that’s…I mean, usually, maybe an Alpha who wasn’t Bonded would help out a widowed Omega or something, but it was a weird situation.  Most Omegas are Bonded well before their first Heat, and if I hadn’t been…you know.
“I’m sorry.  That’s all the information I have right now. I have to go, Tony.  I’ll be in touch when I know more,” Coulson said. The line went dead, but it didn’t stop Tony from shouting Coulson’s name a few times in case he could somehow Carol Anne the damned message through the void.  He tried the number again until it went to voicemail. Then again.  Then again.
It had always been easy to love Steve, but he’d never realized, couldn’t conceive of really, how easy it was to be
“Yes. Run away,” Steve suggested evenly.  His eyes narrowed, looking around at the garden with its walls and gates.  “But, you were already doing that, weren’t you?  Cutting across the garden to get to the courtyard without notice.”
“Can’t fight the feeling, mi amigo,” Tony shrugged. He lifted the binoculars back up and zoomed around until he found the right spot again.  “What do you think Hot Roof Guy does in real life? I’m thinking underwear model. God, what if he’s an underwear model? That would be outstanding.  Did I tell you about the time Howard sent these twins from the cover of Maxim to set me on the--dare I say it?--straight and narrow path?” he asked, looking over at Rhodey for a moment. “It did not work.”
Tony wasn’t sure if it was wrong to hope his Alpha was, in fact, risking his neck for a shadowy government organization run by the Mad-Eye Fury, but the alternative was that Steve actually listened to Tony’s suggestion to find someone on the side, and was simply attempting to be discreet about it out of some kind of weird sense of politeness. That…was not something Tony cared to contemplate, mostly because when he did, his throat closed up on itself, and he couldn’t seem to force air into his lungs.  Life threatening danger for the win, then, Tony thought glumly, looking back over at Jarvis.
His room was dark and spare, same as always, but tonight, he pulled the sketch out of his drawer, grabbed his charcoals and set to work, which managed to occupy him until sometime after midnight. Putting the drawing back in the drawer--he still wasn’t sure what he would do with it, it wasn’t really that good, but, he was drawing it for Tony or
He felt Steve’s cock harden between them as his hands grazed up Steve’s stomach to toy with his nipples, first circling the areolae before finally brushing the rigid nipples, earning a sharp gasp from Steve.  He looked down to see Steve’s eyes wide and dilated, burning into Tony as he shifted lower, pushing Steve’s shirt up high enough to allow his mouth access.  He brought his head to Steve’s right nipple and licked a wide stripe, then blew cool air over it, feeling Steve’s hips buck against him as he did.  He clasped his mouth onto the nipple, sucking and pulling just a bit more than enough, using his teeth to graze the sensitive nub.  Steve’s back arched into him, and Tony rewarded him by flattening his tongue over the nipple again and again, then swirling it around the taut peak.  He turned his attention to the other nipple, giving it the same treatment as his hand worked at the first one, keeping it overly sensitized and drawing harsh cries from Steve’s throat.
As soon as Tony said it, Steve felt the weariness seep into his bones.  His mind was still weaving cobwebs with Tony’s words, but his body was winning the battle.  It wasn’t long before he drifted off, Tony warm by his side.
“Yes…?” Zola repeated, looking up at him with an arched brow, crossed his hands at the wrists and waited.  Steve stared at him until the smaller man’s mouth flattened into a thin line and his jaw worked his teeth together.  He stepped closer to Steve and leaned in close.  “The King will tire of you. Maybe after tonight.  Maybe after the next night.  But, he will.  And I’ll be here. Waiting.  Ask yourself, are these little rebellions really worth it?  For you, perhaps, but the boy…” Zola said, making a tsking sound through his teeth.  “Pride is such a petty reason for suffering, isn’t it?”
“You're not going to throw up in my car right? Last time you were in here you seemed pretty intent to.” Steve teased—trying to cover up his actual worry—as he fished out his car keys and let Tony in.
Also, I ended this part here because I wanted to keep the tradition of the past chapters going: almost each ends with the word shit somewhere in the last two lines XD. (Don't know if anyone else noticed, or cares. But I seem to like ending them all the same way...) Maybe I'll break tradition for the next part? Who knows...
He looked back up at Tony's expectant glare, as his hands hovered an inch away from the top of Tony's zipper, face two inchs away from Tony's crotch.
“Happy, come. Hurry okay, this was a bad idea.” Tony kept mumbling as he made his way towards the street
list, “thirty four things under no. And three things under yes.” Tony counted off with his fingers, “good friends, good food and good location.” Steve smiled in satisfaction.
Steve smirked and straightened up. "Do I wanna kiss you? Nah you're my best friend and that's all I've ever seen you as, no offense, plus you've been with Simmons since .... forever and I think you two are very cute together, and I happened to re-"
“Coming!” Steve called out to his door from the bedroom. He looked down at his watch, he still had another hour before Tony was suppose to come. Thankfully, unlike last time, Steve predicted Tony’s earliness and had woken up two -- okay three --hours earlier than normal to get ready.
"No." Tony tersely replied meeting her eyes. "God, can't I just build something for myself for once? Not have to go public with it?" He asked his voice rising in volume and irritation.
Tony processed the story for a few seconds. “How? How could I not remember any of this? How could this have not come up before? That was like
“We are having TWINS!” Thor boomed, extending his arms, Nat's quick reflex's kicked in and she was able to pull herself and Jemma away from Thor's wingspan. The diner broke into clappter and cheers for the soon to be parents and Thor very graciously accepted them.
"I need your article yesterday! Stop chit-chatting with Rogers and go to your desk. NOW!" Fury yelled from his office's door frame. Sam raised his coffee and lowered his head, hoping to indicate that he heard the man and was going to do as told.
“Oh my god! Congratulations!” was the general phrase that came from the bundle of friends at the table.
"I drove Tony back to his place last night and ended up staying there and we slept together -- but not like slept slept together -- well technically we did sleep sleep together -- but like actually slept slept like snoring slept--on the couch and then Rhodey found us and it was awkward but I didn't want to make it awkward since apparently to Tony it wasn't that awkward -- and then we had breakfast and he said I could pick something out from his closet -- and man his closet is big and we ended up -- or I guess I ended up trying on nearly all of his clothes -- though I guess you could say it was the two of us since he kept handing me stuff -- and it was a lot of fun cause he had JARVIS play music and it felt like we were little kids playing dress up and we talked a bunch throughout the whole thing -- oh and did I mention we spent the whole night talking too -- yeah we talked till we fell asleep on each other but its really no big deal can you guys stop making it such a big deal? " Steve said, taking a much needed gasp of air.
“Umm...right Tony it’s nearly four in the morning. The hill isn’t that close, by the time we get there we’ll be watching the sunrise instead of the stars. Why don’t we do it anot-Tony where are you going?” Steve quickly unbuckled his seatbelt and followed Tony out of the car.
“Okay honey I’m gonna stop you right there.” Sam said looking at her, his voice conveyed embarrassment and disapproval but his eyes said otherwise as he straightened Jemma out and grabbed the upside down book from her hands.
Steve spent a good portion of the movie debating weather or not he should put his arm around Tony. His internal battle had been bad enough when he had taken Peggy on their fifth date to the movies and it wasn’t till the rolling credits Steve finally convinced himself that it would indeed be okay if he did put his arm around her.
Steve’s grin quickly deflated into a grimace. He regretted ever saying anything about the whole nickname thing. Now he was going to be stuck getting called Squidward; a constant reminder that Tony saw him as nothing more than a friend. He typed a response before turning his phone to silent and getting back to work.
When they arrived at the diner Sam was attacked by Jemma. As she jumped up towards him she shrieked, “I got the job! I got the job!”
Steve smiled fondly at him, holding in the smirk and the internal screaming because ahh showers and boxers and memories, “you had me at doooooo.”
“What? H-how? How-How did I, why-why what-what?” Tony felt his throat dry and hard, words struggling to escape.
“Look, man, we’ve had this conversation a thousand times before. Steve, they know that I’m not… they know what they’re doing and what’s going to happen, I’m always perfectly clear about that okay? I never lead these girls on and make them think there’s more than what there really is, they know that that’s just the way it is with me.” Tony shrugged.
The movie was funny. At least Steve figured the movie was funny considering the laughter that kept coming from the audience.
Since I've never swam with dolphins (*insert sad face*) I used this video to give me some ideas : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCr6tOuyJfw
“Um, well you talked about how much you liked your old phone so I made a phone that integrated both features of old phones as well as new ones. I-it’s okay if you hate it.” Tony tried to go for a nonchalant-I’m not at all holding my breath to see what you think-tone, he wasn’t sure if he succeeded.
“That’s crazy you only had a drink” Steve replied reaching for the check only to be swatted away by Tony’s hand
“What the hotdogs and cotton candy from the zoo didn’t fill you?” Tony teased as Steve headed for the concessions line.
"Oh well, Stark and Pepper were just spotted on another dinner date." One of the girls answered him pointing at the computer screen which displayed a grainy photo of Tony and Pepper sitting at a table in some fancy Italian restaurant. "This was taken thirty minutes ago," the girl explained, "they are honestly the cutest couple ever!"
“Oh, if you look further in the box there are some CDs, a flash drive and a journal. They'll basically help guide you through the phone.” Tony added looking up at Steve, and just like that the awkward stuffy feeling melted and they soon settled into one of their wonderful long talks.
"Yeah. But I was in the area and figured hey why not? Have you had breakfast yet? Come down and I'll drive us someplace to eat." The voice dripped like honey through the machine, echoing in Steve's tiny apartment.
Steve’s blush started deeping, reaching his neck. He started fidgeting his feet, briefly considering the idea of telling Tony to wait right there while he ran home to change into a suit like the one Tony was wearing.
It had been about two weeks since Steve had gone to him with pie. And for the last two weeks, Steve had definitely not been the only thing occupying Tony’s mind, making it impossible for him to focus on any of his projects, or anybody else for that matter. Tony most certainly did not spend his time with Steve micro-analyzing every little
I have been working on converting this fanfic into an original work (Baking Pies). I am very excited about it!!!
Steve smirked, turning to the voice in the living room. His heavy curtains were drawn and he could just barely make out a figure in the dark.
“Umm yeah. I mean I was really drunk too so I don’t remember all of the details towards the end there. But I do remember that before I went back to my apartment you stopped me, looked me dead in the eye and said you had one last birthday gift to give me…” Steve lingered, setting his eyes on Tony.
“Wabrist” Tony yelled at his phone as he opened it. He had somehow managed to wrangle his way through the crowded mansion and to the front of the house.
Tony felt like he needed a pillow, or something, anything, to squeeze and scream into, because for crying out loud, what did he do!?
Tony let his smile show this time as he wrote his name down on the guest list. “Can I bring a friend?” Tony asked as he finished writing the K. “Or two actually?” He said looking up at a wide eyed Steve.
Steve bit his tongue before he let something slip about his night time adventure with the drunk Tony. Instead he remained quiet and kept staring at Tony who, with the bright eyes of a little kid, kept looking up at the night sky.
Steve nodded, lust returning to his face as he picked Tony up and started sucking on his bare chest, carrying him off to his bedroom.
“Wait hold on.” Jane extended her hands in front of her. “I feel like we missed a very vital part of this conversation.”  She gestured to Thor and herself. Then staring at Steve, “since when do you know Tony Stark?”
All Tony could do was remind himself that breathing was a necessary thing for humans to do and that swallowing was also good, and blinking too, though his eyes refused to do that last one as he sang his theme song of “
“I said,” Sam told Steve, widening his eyes for emphasis, “that’s a cool phone dude. Where did you get it?” He pronounced each word carefully and slowly.
Steve continued gaping at him, “Tony we were on the phone yesterday till around 10 am. Are you- are you saying that you designed and built this in less than a day?” His mouth dropped as he carefully picked up the phone from the box, it was a lot lighter than he thought it would be.
“Uh Thursday night. I-sort a- nursed him back to health...” Steve answered, and yup, he’s pretty sure that at this point you could boil water on his cheeks.
You are totally right, person I made up to ask me these questions! I DO have a very bad track record at uploading consistently. That is why I will wait until I have a few chapters written on this story and then schedule them to post while I write more! That being said, I am working on a few writing projects and also real life can get pretty busy. Uploading though gives me a sense of accountability and responsibility (are those just synonyms?) so even if it takes a bit to upload, I will eventually upload. So don't forget to bookmark/subscribe!! Also, comments are always my biggest motivators! So feel free to leave feedback, seriously it would mean the world to me!
It was about 7 when Steve finally got home from work. Exhausted, he sat himself down in front of his home computer with his take out food and Tony's flash drives. He plopped in the one labeled number one and took a bite of his food.
Steve sighed, why couldn't anybody understand how big this was for him? "It's a wedding." He explained to Sam, "
“No no no!” Bucky said extending his hand to Tony. “We are friends of Steve’s, just wanted to stop by and say hello.”
A few months ago, the first time Tony dared extend their morning chats to a day of watching movies, he realized that Mr. Rogers was a lot cuter than the girl he left behind in his apartment. He also realized that it was easier to talk to him than any of the other girls he had been with. And for a brief second the thought ‘
“I mean golly Steve, you’re moving our relationship to the next level, I hadn’t known we were at this stage yet. Should I make the wedding arrangements now or after I move in?” Tony joked weakly, hoping Steve would take the sass and ignore the blushing red cheeks.
“The kind they are used to.” Steve replied flatly, moving over to open the passenger side door for Tony.
“If you're not too busy.” Steve added, not wanting to coerce Tony into doing anything he didn’t want to do.
Tony checked his phone. “Steve is 15 minutes away!” The announcement came out at a higher pitch than he was proud of.
“Should I open it now?” Steve said, lifting the gift safely from his lap, the dead silence had been a
“If I don’t use the company card to pay for this, they are going to think I didn’t even come here and that I made up whatever I’ll write in the article.” Steve explained to Tony, tentatively bringing his arm back down.
a reporter. Well, it’s not the first time I’ve slept with a reporter, though usually, it’s so that they don’t write a story, not after they already have.”
“Um not sisters, but they were related… Peggy and Sharon - and not at the same time. I- we're all good friends now though and I don’t want to ruin that by asking one of them out again- especially since I don’t feel that way about them anymore.” Steve explained trying his hardest to not stumble over any words.
“Who cares about the movie. I’ll run ahead and explain everything to the workers.” Steve said stepping away from the car, getting ready to run back to the main entrance.
“Do I have something on my face?” Steve continued in a playful tone as Tony tried to not think about the fact that if either one of them leaned in just a few inches or so their lips would be touching.
just buy you a new car if I did.” Tony smirked sliding into the passenger side, this all felt strangely familiar to him.
“Uh. Since a certain friend hasn’t finished all his reports to help me plan Buck’s party...I’m meeting a… a consultant on bachelor party planning.” Steve said keeping his eyes locked straight ahead of him because, though he technically wasn’t lying, he still didn’t feel like meeting Sam’s eyes.
“Shut up.” Tony squeaked out, he meant to sound irritated and controlled but instead just sounded flustered and self-conscious.
He quickly walked up to the circle as casually as he could and in the most nonchalant voice he could muster asked what was going on.
Steve knew what it was, or at least he had his suspicions. He wanted to protest that he liked his phone, he was comfortable with it, it worked just fine, had for years. But the look Tony was giving Steve flushed all his arguments down the toilet.
"Ironman," he quietly mumbled, sticking his head deeper into fridge, and continuing on to hum the rest of the lyrics.
“So then what are your plans for the bachelor party?” Tony said continuing one of the many conversation they had started during lunch.
“So I let you in and… you really don’t remember any of this Tony?” Steve’s brows furrowed as he stared at Tony who could only shake his head no while silently wishing he could disappear into the ground.
“Tony?” He put the bat down as he took in the sight of his friend, hand underneath the running tap water.
Tony gently took the box from Steve and cleaned it with a wet wipe. He opened it, presenting it to Steve. A gold band shining inside.
“Uhh...very…” Tony glanced at Steve’s pecs that were staring him in the face. “Ve-very impressive.” He said looking back up at Steve’s eyes, forcing himself to swallow.
“Tony?” He asked again, sending him a sideways glance. Tony had his head rested on the window, eyes transfixed on the stars.
“Yeah, well that and wondering why we hadn’t ordered any cheeseburgers. I’m hungry, aren’t you hungry? We should order cheeseburgers. I’ll call.” He said getting up from the sofa, momentarily forgetting he had been acting as Steve’s headrest, causing it to
been staring at his crotch, Steve's head had just lowered a little, yeah that was it, he had been staring off into nowhere, before he had refocused on Tony's face, only to then completely zone out and sit back in his chair staring at the windshield with complete and utter determination.
“Tony, I’m in my car and I don’t know where to go. You are very smart and we will have a discussion on whether or not you're stupid afterward, yeah?”
I got ideas for the zoo activities from this site : http://mentalfloss.com/article/53809/11-interactive-zoos
“Here let me take a picture of you two.” The zookeeper said as they were petting the cheetahs that were now sprawled out on the grass below them.
When Tony dropped Steve off at home later that afternoon he forgot to give Steve his clothes and sketchpad back.
, blueberries were placed carefully in between the hearts. “It’s beautiful.” He leaned in and gave Tony a soft kiss. “I’ll get the plates and milk.”
"I'm impressed, man." Sam said as he lifted the two coffees trying to avoid getting splashed as he struggled to keep up with his friend. "I mean I seriously thought you had no bad bone in your body, all rules and regulations and stuff. But you did it. You lied and took a sick day. And don't try and tell me you were actually sick because you don't
“Are we stopping?” Tony cheered up again, sadness completely forgotten. “Is—is star watching time? You-you—someone said we would go watch the stars!”
Steve nodded. It was sweet of them to celebrate the big day with them. “Okay. Give me a few minutes to… get hosting appropriate. Climbing off my lap might help me get there faster.”
“No Steve that’s not what I meant. Sorry I got a little fan girly. I just meant, we’d be very happy for you. Do you want me to go on a rant about how amazing you are? Cause I totally could. We'd be here for days though” Jemma offered.
Everything was spinning. Why was everything spinning? Tony thrust his hand forward, trying to get the world to hold still. Instead, he lost his balance and ended up on all fours staring at the grass.
“Ookay. I’m gonna go now. Call me when you get back to your apartment so that I know you made it home safe and were not in a car accident.” Tony said, eye’s not leaving Steve as he climbed out of the car.
"Dude. You are the one making this so much harder on yourself. It doesn't have to be a date. Why can't you just take someone as a friend?"
Tears rolled down Steve’s cheeks, he wiped them away as breathless, euphoric, giggles escaped his mouth. He pushed his chair out and kneeled across from Tony, their knees practically kissing. “I was trying really hard not to cut you off with a kiss, I liked what you were saying and I wanted to let you finish.” He gently wiped a tear away from Tony’s cheek before kissing him.
“They’re perfect.” Tony finally said, forcing his eyes off the screen. Off Steve’s face and frame. “Thank you Marisol.” He said looking up at her and offering to shake her hand. He politely ignored the sequel that inadvertently came out of her throat as she shook his hand. She waved goodbye to Steve and then went on her way.
Steve picked up some of the files scattered on the desk. “I told you not to take on so many assignments at the same time.” Steve sighed. “So I take it you're not free today?” He held up the company card.
“How did we do?” Tony asked, wishing with all his might that he could have these memories and live them over and over in his mind.
"Is that a yes? A no? What is it man? You wanna kiss me? Is that it? Answer the question," Sam said crossing his arms -- as best he could with the two coffees -- expectantly.
story!) but a lot of grammar/spelling, spacing, and word choices. When I wrote this four years ago I was really into writing “definitely not” statements (these mostly stayed because it would be too much work to rewrite it all, also I feel a nostalgia for the statements and still use them every once in a while! Also, at the time in school, “no contractions!” was getting drilled into my head, so a lot of  “I am” and “was not” statements made it into the dialogue (fixed to make it seem like actual conversations). Also, I guess I felt that “ya” was a better way to spell “yeah”? Or just thought that was how you spelled it? I was really into commas back then (I’ve noticed that I’m currently a little too into periods). I didn’t spend too much time on the edits. I’m sure there is a lot more that could be done, or things that were missed. I’m sure that four years from now I’ll see even more things to fix (possibly even cringe at the edits I made now). But that’s what I love about writing, you get better, and you don’t always realize it until you read old work!
“It’s our lucky number.” Steve nodded. “‘Sides. These are good kids.” He scooted closer to Tony on the bed, resting his head on his husband’s shoulder.
“Tony.” Nat interrupted the ramble she knew could go on for hours. “This is your big night.” She gave him a smile that reached her eyes. “Not mine.” The smile faded and turned into a threat. “Keep touching my hair, though, and you won’t make it through the night.”
And oh god that was not helping what Steve was trying to do, because now he was thinking about other things of Tony poking him. He looked out of the windshield, lips pressing tightly together.
“I hear you like roses.” Jane slowly dictated, “so here's a polar coordinate graph of r  = 1+cos(theta).”
Steve’s face went red. “Wow. Uh thanks Jemma.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “Actually, I was able to get to meet him in person.”
He fumbled for his pocket as he stumbled back towards the house. After a few tries, he managed to pull out his phone.
"So, what's your excuse for letting the coffee I so graciously bought you go cold again?" Sam eyed down Steve, who was barely settling down into his chair.
Curiosity forced Tony’s chin up, to a square panel of light in the ceiling. Clint Barton’s face appeared.
“I dunno, it’s...it’s fun, most of the time, and...it’ll help you, y’know? I just...I like building things, okay?” Tony snapped, defensive.
” Tony groaned for the third time, peeking up through his fingers and immediately closing his eyes again.
. It was officially the third time in a row he’d worked himself to the point of passing out, and the last two times it’d only been for a few hours on the workshop couch. A proper bed and maybe some food would be good. Great, actually.
Steve told her everything, skimming over the part about Peggy as quickly as he could and skimping on the details of what was said, exactly.
Steve stared. This Omega, this rich privileged boy, had not only taken notice of some poor random runner, but he’d
Steve shrugged. “He was a brilliant man. I’m sure you could find thousands of half-finished projects if you looked. And I know the excellent R&D team a few floors below could build most of it easily. Just not quite..
In which Nat is protective and two spy/assassin/superheroes knock some sense into Steve. Also there is angst. And Star Wars.
Wow, the next chapter!! Yay!! In my defense, the doc for this fic was created June 20th of 2018, so I feel like this chapter was written relatively quickly by comparison.
and then someone was grabbing his arms, trying to pull him up, and he was caught between latching onto them and shoving them away.
Experimentally Tony reached for his magick. It was right where it always was, coming to the surface with a familiar prickling sensation. He wiggled his fingers and a few of Clint’s arrows floated into the air. Clint shouted and snatched them back in an instant, but everyone had seen.
, staring blankly through Steve and not moving at all, except for the tremors running through his body. And despite everything Steve knew, despite his own experiences, he reached out and tried to touch Tony’s knee.
The soldier was standing in parade rest in front of the doors, because he did stuff like that, even in the Tower. Both men barely glanced at each other before glancing pointedly away and moving to opposite sides of the small space. Tony fidgeted with the hem of his ragged T-shirt, greasy and stained and full of holes, and glanced at Steve, the perfect super soldier, fresh and shiny and standing tall in parade rest again. The tension was suffocating.
Tony grit his teeth. “I sort of assumed it was a simpler problem than whatever the hell’s going on here.”
“You can build me an arm, or try anyway,” Bucky said, “I mean, you said it yourself—you can’t do anything with me here, so I have nothin’ to worry about.”
Tony’s jaws tightened, his expression shuttering closed. He gave Steve a quick, sharp nod and staggered to his feet. Natasha had her body between the elevator doors now, forcing them open, and Tony pushed past her. All three of the Avengers called out after the genius, but by the time Steve ducked out of the elevator Tony was gone.
“Are you alright to stand?” Steve asked Tony, remembering too well all the times his panic attacks left him with legs to weak to support him at first.
It was a better job than most lower-class citizens could manage to secure. Pietro had been a runner, trying to support his sister as she looked for work—there weren’t many jobs that needed a telepath, and few wanted an employee who could peer into their thoughts, twist them around. Jarvis had found them while out on errands, and took a few days to convince Howard they could be useful. Jarvis had nearly lost his job for that, but he’d done it.
Steve hummed. “Perfect is relative. I was made to be the vision of a bunch of men in the 40s. Look at me now, dating a gal—do you think they wanted a queer Captain America? And trust me, I’m smart enough to get by, but the things you can do, Tones? They’re amazing. And I’m impulsive, stubborn, close-minded at times. I’m strong, darling, but that’s about it. I’m nowhere near perfect.”
Clint followed suit on his lighter-colored horse, Hawk (named for Clint’s own nickname) and after a moment Bucky and Natasha slipped around the corner on after the other, dressed like servants out on errands. With Bucky’s missing arm and Nat’s bright red hair, they stuck out a bit more than usual servants, but it wouldn’t matter now. Nat wasted no time in sliding onto the back of Widow, the small dark mare with just as much fire as her owner. Winter, Bucky’s horse, stood patiently as his rider climbed awkwardly on. They all liked to joke about how Buck and Winter looked the same, with identical blue eyes and surprisingly sharp stares.
Tony pushed a hand through his hair and leaned back, deciding to call it quits for the night/day/whatever. It was the fourth time he’d burned himself in about an hour.
“-ony? Tony, it’s alright, darling, I promise, I know, it’s okay, you’re doing so well, breathe for me, okay? Breathe, darling.”
Steve puttered around the house uselessly for another hour or so, straightening up things that were already straightened and faking productivity until he thought he could go back to check on Tony and Bucky. Clint’s house was as quiet as ever and completely normal-looking from outside. Steve frowned a little and knocked on the door.
The words wouldn’t stop coming, and Tony was sitting on the floor like he didn’t care at all, about any of it, and Steve couldn’t stand that, he started grasping at any barbs he could find to dig under Stark’s skin. If he’d been in his right mind, if he’d paused for even a second, he would’ve noticed the vacant look and the trembling hands, but he hadn’t.
“Runner,” Bucky explained to Tony’s evidently confused look. “One of the perks of Registration is we always have some ready to go.”
The lights lowered a lot that time, and Tony was able to look around without being blinded. He blamed sitting in a dark elevator.
Steve swallowed at the “often.” How many times had this happened? How many times had he caused this before, without even knowing?
“No, sir, I’m afraid not. I’m the only one.” Steve pulled up short at that as the rain began to fall, watching the strange man plod slowly away. He’d be lucky not to catch ill in this weather, but there wasn’t much Steve could do about it now.
Steve swallowed. “Would you...you would be able to break that protocol, if, if Tony was going to…” he trailed off, unable to finish the sentence.
Tony pushed herself up a little bit, ready to leap to Steve’s defense, but Steve pressed her gently back down. “Hush. I know you want to prove me wrong, but shush for just a minute. I’m not puttin’ myself down here, just statin’ facts. You are amazing, Tony Stark. Don’t let anyone tell you you’re the weakest on the team just because you’re only human outside the suit. You were only human in Afghanistan, and look what you made from that.”
. The more Steve thought about a younger Tony Stark waiting in vain to be rescued, about Howard somehow being able to stand not going through heaven and hell to get his son back, the more he wanted to hit something. Anything. Howard, maybe.
And then, because the universe absolutely hated Tony Stark, the elevator released an earsplitting screech and shuddered to a halt.
Clint looked around the living room, then at Tony. He was wearing dark gray dress pants and a french tucked polo shirt of Steve’s that screamed
Confused, Steve went to turn on the lights himself. But someone called him to a stop before he could. Tony.
“Sorry—it’s just—I mean, we already had sex right? So what there left to hide?” Tony said finishing his shake and making his way to put it in the sink.
hammered.” He sat on the counter. “It was like 11:40 when you just started pounding and pounding on my door, yelling something along the lines of '
“She uh-” Steve could hear Tony swallowing, forcing his words out, “she found someone who is able to give her what she deserves, a um, a, a better sponge. And the worst part is; here I am, wallowing in self-pity. I mean, I should be happy for her, or angry and vow to fight to get her back. But what did I do? I drank. And drank, and drank, and drank, and drank, and drank, and drank, and drank, and drank, and drank, and drank, and drank, and drank, and- what I am talking about again?” Tony finally looked up at Steve, subsequently making Steve's heart jump because he hadn’t realized how close their faces were. A few more inches and their noses would be touching; they were already breathing the same air.
“No, I mean it, buddy!” Steve laughed shaking Tony by the shoulders, “You’d make a great boyfriend.” There was that eye flicker again.
Hey everyone so I tried uploading it yesterday but ao3 crashed on me. I explained it on my tumblr and also gave a thanks to everyone that reads my stuff because, honestly, it means a lot to me that you do : D anways you can find that post here -- http://thatfanwriter.tumblr.com/post/128224449498/to-people-who-read-my-fanfiction
Steve pinched his brows together, "not this again." He walked towards his desk, Sam at his heel asking about his mystery date.
“Ahhhhheeeeemmmmmm.” The man behind the booth interrupted them, bringing them back to reality as each took a step away from the other.
Steve leaned over and kissed his collar bone, tracing his way along Tony’s chest. “Ready for round three?”
“Well...we can go out shopping for the ingredients tomorrow and make it this weekend. C’mon it can be like, our thing!” Tony encouraged his friend, which thankfully was what Tony was feeling this was again, the awkwardness and tension had seemed to roll off them by the end of their conversation
Tony looked down at his clothes, even though he had left the black suit jacket in the car and rolled up his sleeves, now it was his turn to stick out like a sore thumb. But Tony didn’t care, Steve had told him he looked fine, good even, and that was all that mattered.
"Your such a good... sponge...bob." Tony looked up at Steve with eyes of admiration as Steve carefully wiped his mouth with a wet cloth.
He started humming to the dial tone to make the time pass faster while he waited for someone to answer.
This takes place continuing Ton'y flashback from the last chapter, right after he got the key and could only respond with "shit."
“Don’t worry, I’ll catch them up.” Natasha teased as he made to leave, he rolled his eyes in response but his smile betrayed the expression he had hoped to convey.
“Here.” Tony said pulling Steve towards him as they waited for the dolphin show to start. They were in the first row and were wearing yellow ponchos.
“Okay but I refuse to sit here alone.” She said with a playful pout before reaching out and pulling Thor in towards the couch, he let himself fall next to her and the two erupted into giggles.
"My girlfriend of five years talks really fast when she's excited, I've gotten pretty good at understanding gibberish. " Sam said with pride.
Steve looked back up at his group of friends, his face didn’t feel red anymore. “You guys are making way to big a deal out of my friendship with Tony.”
So for weeks Tony successfully tucked away his growing feelings. That is until Steve went out and got him a fucking key. And painted it fucking red and gold. Hello, repressed feelings!
“So you want to have sex in a living room filled with balloons and—” he turned to look once again, “streamers and… did you add photos?” He stepped away from Tony to get a better look at them. The ones closest to him were from a couple of months before they started dating. Those hapless 'I can't believe we were both so damn oblivious and dumb and so obviously in love" months before they finally kissed. His grin grew as memories flooded back with each picture.
He cupped Steve’s chin and pulled him up into a kiss. He could feel Steve grin as their kiss deepened. It was one of his favorite feelings in the world. But as much as he wanted to experience some of his other favorite things in the world (for the third time in a row) there was a voice in his head trying to remind him of…
“The genius, billionaire, adorable philanthropist.” Steve said with conviction as he started the car.
“Here give it.” Tony broke Steve out of his thoughts and he handed him the phone. After a few swipes and clicks Tony started reading the message out loud. “
Tony was tapping his fingers on the table as Pepper explained something to him. He was glaring at her, resentment wanting to burst out of his chest but kept contained by the admiration and respect he had for the woman sitting across from him.
The morning after the ‘present’ Tony tentatively opened Steve’s door with his new key, pushing it open a crack. He hovered at the entrance, this was such new territory for him. Should he just prance right in? Should he just close the door back up and knock, pretend he forgot he had a key? Should he knock on the already open door just to warn Steve he was going to enter?
"Oh my GAWD they are soooo cute together, it hurts." Steve could hear some of his co-workers chatting.
“There’s this field, well hill, kind of.” Steve said as they drove back to his car. “Uh. It’s a really nice place to watch the stars. Maybe we could go sometime?” Steve said, remembering his promise to drunk Tony to take him there.
When visiting the adoption center two weeks ago, Morgan had run up to Tony and dragged him by the thumb to go play with him. It was love at first sight. Steve even told him she looked just like him.
"Is that a yes? Or have you already eaten?" Tony's voice once again filled the apartment. Steve glanced towards his kitchen, his plate still resting on the table, empty. Then down at the glass he was still holding, empty.
"Steve! Get a hold of yourself." Steve whispered to himself, eyes refusing to stop examining Tony's body.
He zeroed in on his bed. It was definitely coming from the sheets. He was about to pounce when the music suddenly stopped.
“Besides. The lights are off and those thick blinds are drawn. No one can see us. It probably looks like no one’s even home.” He glared up at Steve. He had been anxiously standing in the dark long enough before Steve arrived for his eyes to have fully adjusted. He could see Steve’s confusion, but he didn’t understand it. Yes. They had mainly stuck to the bedroom when they had sex in Steve’s apartment. But they’d had living room sex in Tony’s before. They had had sex just about everywhere in Tony's apartment. What was the big deal? Maybe he was worried about making a mess? Or breaking things? “Come on.” He said, reaching up to cup Steve’s neck. “We can make our way to your room. Love your bed anyways.” He went to kiss and nibble Steve’s neck, ear, jaw, and cheek. When he finally got to Steve’s mouth Steve mumbled out a few words. “What?”
As soon as the door closed behind Steve Tony collapsed on the bed, thoughts about what was soon coming swirling his head. “Holy shit.” He allowed himself one minute to internally freak out.
“Well they were very… I…. I found myself mesmerized.” Steve said feeling himself turn into a familiar shade of pink and red that was only ever caused by Tony.
“Well," Sam said rolling is shoulders to asses for damage from Steve's hug, "I was going to ask Nat if she could be my undercover agent and find out Jemma’s ring size and what ring she wanted. But then of course Nat had to go and get engaged so...”
"Okay...uhh keep those hands there," Steve said trying to control his shaking hands as they went down to unbutton Tony's jeans. And his legs couldn't take it anymore. The leaning forward into Tony's waist area. They gave way, and he soon found himself crouching in front of the dripping wet bulge.
“The fact that you came up with a couple name for us, before we even started dating, cutest thing ever.” Steve grabbed Tony’s neck and pulled him in for a kiss. He stopped at Tony’s ear to whisper, “Round 3 tonight, it’s going to turn into 3000 by the way.”
“Buisness thing.” Tony said glancing back at his previous table. Most of the people that were still there had already fallen into new conversation, except the lady he had been sitting next to. She was staring at them. At Steve. Giving him dagger eyes. Tony glanced back at Steve and saw that he too had noticed.
“I’m so fucking adorable.” Tony agreed earnestly as he fist pumped the air. It felt like his heart was beating a thousand beats per minute, he felt like a little school girl staring at her idol as he looked over to Steve, completely aware that the smile on his face was toothy and taking up probably more than half his face and would not fade away anytime soon. But that was okay because Steve’s smile reflected his own and it didn’t seem to be fading either.
“So the dolphin show is in ten minutes, we should probably start heading over there.” Tony said as he saw the time on his phone.
“EVERYONE ACT NATURAL!” Jemma said jumping up from the sofa and picking up the nearest book. She flipped it open and began reading it, slightly bending her knees, as if sitting on a chair that wasn't there.
“Yeah well, that talk we had kinda knocked some sense into me you know.” Tony quickly glanced down at Steve. Tony’s hand had fallen asleep about four musical numbers ago, but he was willing to put up with it because Steve looked comfortable. He quickly turned his gaze away when he felt heat rushing to his cheeks, instead trying to focus on the “
Steve did and said. And Tony, by no means, once so ever, had a ‘Is it worth it' notebook hidden underneath his third desk drawer in which he outlined every possible thing that could go wrong in a relationship with Steve, if he so chose to pursue one, which would consequently jeopardize their friendship. It also did not outline the possibility of Stony, yes Tony had created a couple name for him and Steve, ever becoming a thing. All of this had definitely not happened!
“I have been known to throw pretty amazing-life changing- parties you know.” Tony said as he turned on his car.
“Yeah.” Steve said his face turning red again. He muttered a thanks as the man handed him the dolphin then turned back to Tony.
The rest of the friends nodded, throwing out, “yeah” and “good idea” as they made their way to the front door.
Pepper put down the file she was holding and looked at Tony, who was trying his hardest to not make eye contact, to not squirm under her gaze.
Steve struggled to breathe, mouth open, eyes wide as he stared at Tony, tears already wetting his lashes.
"The sna- the button and zipper?" Steve looked back down exasperated, the jeans were already drooping dangerously low. Steve knew that as soon as he undid the
“No Tony, I’m sorry I never meant it that way, you are an amazing guy, okay, and you deserve to live your life the way you want,”Steve said finally breaking his death stare at the pie to face Tony.
He was laying on a bed that wasn’t his, wearing clothing that wasn't his, staring at a stranger who had a huge dopey grin on his face.
“Look, please take no offense, I’m sure you were great and that we had a fantastic night, and that I enjoyed myself greatl-”
“C’mon, this … so much better. ‘Sides, we’ll make a lot more.” Steve said smiling. “Memories. A lot more memories.” He added after running through the sentence he had just said in his head.
The video at the bottom of this page for the cheetahs : http://nationalzoo.com.au/meet_a_cheetah.htm
As soon as he undid the belt he looked up at Tony with an accomplished smile, as if he had just disarmed a time bomb. Tony, however, stayed pouting, hands still resolved to hold up his boxers as he looked down towards his pants.
Bucky opened his mouth to protest, he loved going through Steve’s sketchbooks, getting a glimpse of all that was going on in his friend's head. But his mouth snapped shut and his face shifted, giving Steve a knowing look as he saw him scrambling to put away all of his sketchbooks.
“Course I know what ne-nay-nu-, the place. Not stupid, you know. I’m brilliant man.” Tony said as he continued to stumble down the street.
"Tony, what are you doing?" Steve asked setting the glass by the sink. Tony was standing in the bathtub wrestling with his belt to get his pants off, his shirt already thrown haphazardly on the toilet, dipping into the bowl.
Tony gave him a death stare then with a roll of the eyes said, “Bruce you aren’t my therapist, stop psychoanalyzing me.”
"Umm yeah. Right." Steve fumbled over the words when he noticed Steve was already climbing into his car.
They were laying on a blanket atop the hill Steve had suggested. A picnic basket lay discarded to the side, a half empty sparkling cider bottle in a small ice bucket next to them.
“Hey-” Steve grabbed Tony by the arm as he opened the car door to get out, “just for the record, you aren’t a bad Spongebob. You're trying really hard to be a good Spongebob and I think that’s really all that matters.” Steve said, finally working up the nerve to tell Tony what he had wanted to the night before. He just wanted to let Tony know he wasn’t the selfish guy he thought he was.
“I-I was…” Tony stammered walking swiftly into the apartment, “I have pie.” He said awkwardly lifting up the to go bag in his hand.
“What if I suck at it?” Tony said suddenly. “Being a dad. What if I mess them up like my dad messed me up? What if it’s genetic? What if I break them? I don’t know how to do this.”
Hi. So, the last chapter was ALSO uploaded a whole year after the one prior. Just like this one. I'm so sorry.
“Not like I haven’t been burned before...the recipe was faulty.” Tony tried to play it off, fighting his instinct to pull his hand away, instead watching Steve worryingly inspect it gingerly tracing his fingers over the skin.
“So?” Steve eyed Tony, who was still intently staring at the key like nothing else in the world existed. ”Do you like it?”
A buzz from his room prodded his head back out and he made his way back to his room. He stopped and stared at his new phone. He hadn't really used it since the day before when Tony was going through it's details with him. He carefully picked it up and clicked it on. His screen lit up.
“You know, I haven't got drunk like this in a loooooooooooooooooong time. I’m really very good at holding down my liquor! Don’t normally remember what happened the day after. But I can compose myself while drunk. Once gave a speech while drunk—well many speeches. Been told they were pretty good! Today though? It’s like I’m a teenager again.”
forgotten about his promise to call Tony. He spent the entire afternoon fretting over whether or not to do it, if Tony had just been kidding or not. He didn't want to be a nuisance to the great Tony Stark and call him when it had just been Tony's way of being nice and joking. What if he called him and Tony, already so caught up in the day's events, had already forgotten who Steve was. It was just best to not call and bother him is what Steve told himself.
was doing. But he didn't because that was what he loved about Pepper. She was painfully honest, she gave it to you straight. No mind games. She stuck to her goals and took things seriously, always aiming for the best possible result. She was smart and sharp, she could think on her feet and always found ways to clean up Stark's messes. He knew he had taken advantage of her. He tried, he wanted to show her how much she meant to him but he never could, not in any way she understood. He was surprised and thankful she had put up with him for so long. So, yes she broke his heart when she told him she needed more, more than he could provide for her, because Tony had been trying his damn hardest to be what she wanted, what she needed. But he wasn't enough, he wasn't good enough. Story of his life, thought Tony, never able to live up to people's expectations, always letting the ones he loves down.
“Can you take a photo of us?” Tony asked one of the workers at one point as he strapped his phone off the wetsuit and handed it to her.
“To escape the smoke in my kitchen we stumbled our way across the hall into your place. Now at this point it was like 3 in the morning and we were both ready too just about pass out, but we fought through it like the badass guys we are,” Steve smiled.
"What's going on?" Steve asked the air, doing another spin, just to make sure no one was going to run in and yell "You got pranked!"
“Dooo” Tony said drawling out the o once Steve pulled up to his driveway, “um, do you wanna come in for a drink?”
Sam twirled her around as he kissed her. Steve took that as his cue to walk away and say hello to the soon to be married couple.
Another time, he looked up at the camera and began telling Steve a story of a puppy he had found once when he was a little boy.
“Y-yes.” Tony was able to sputter out. This was such new territory for him, one that he had only walked on when he is with Steve, he was normally the one making girls squeal and forget how to English, but there Steve was, reversing the roles on him.
“Look at all the stars. They’re so bright.” Tony stopped walking as he looked at the dazzling night sky.
“When you say in ‘your room’,” Tony started slowly, “like are we just gonna chill on your bed eating the chips while we wait for the burgers to arrive or-”, he stopped, feeling like an idiot for being so focused on that one part.
It reminded him of when Tony was reaching up for the sun so desperately happy and hopeful that he just might catch that big star.
“Yeah...they’re pretty great. They helped through a lot. They’re my family.” Steve smiled as he looked back at Tony. “Um, so are you still up for the park? You’re not sick of me yet?”
“It’s stupid. You probably won’t even like it. It was a dumb idea.” Tony’s shoulders slumped as he looked back at the road, continuing to drive when the light turned green.
“You know it’d been so long since I had last come to the movies that I almost forgot what it was like.” Tony said, still holding onto to Steve, “we should do this more often.”
Also, in case your intrested, I recently added an Epilogue to my Stony story I have Pie... Please check it out if your intrested!
Tony berated himself. “You know,” he leaned down and kissed Steve’s jaw, sucking hard before pulling away, “substance for round three.” He winked, smirk adorning his face.
Steve smirked up and, in one smooth continuous move, got to his feet, and tightened his arms around Tony’s waist, pushing his chest into Tony’s back as he bent down to whisper into Tony’s ear, “no just changing my tactics.” He smirked as he pulled Tony in tighter, “you’re it.”
“What are you guys doing here!?” Steve asked in distress as the new couple joined the one already there. They were all making themselves at home already.
. But every kiss and every groan that escaped Steve’s mouth muffled the voice until it was barely above a whisper.
"Wait you guys understood what I said? I don't even know what I said." Steve said staring at their grins.
“Sharing is caring.” Tony confirmed into the phone. He tore his glance away from the stars and relayed what the nearest street signs said.
The morning after his untimely bolt, months before, he had arrived at Steve’s door with two coffee’s and a pie. He spent the morning staring at Steve when he wasn’t looking. But not in an “I’m a puppy and you are my master and I love you” kind of a way. It was the same steady, calculating stare he used whenever he was trying to figure out his projects. He didn’t know what to do with the thought from the night before; Steve was just his neighbor, they were barely strengthening their friendship. Tony did like Steve, he knew that much, he just wasn’t sure it was merely a platonic like anymore.
“Told you. I keep my promises.” Steve smiled. He felt Tony shuffle next to him, so he turned his head to face him. Tony was now laying on his side facing him, head resting on his arm.
"I'm not really sure what I am. We talked a lot about different sexualities that I didn't know existed. And I mean, a lot. All I know is that... I like you."
“No, Mr. Stark. It’s Steve Rogers...we spoke on the phone earlier today? Mr. Stark are you okay, it’s three in the morning.”
“Um the first one was me out in the middle of the street, staring into what I assume are headlights. I look like a scared deer.” Tony said answering Steve’s unspoken question. “Then the other one, which I, I think it’s my favorite drawing ever. We are basically cuddled up on top of your car, above us are all these magnificent bright stars and in front of us the sun is just barely starting to peek out.” Tony’s smile slowly dissipated, “wish I could remember that” he whispered, mainly to himself.
“You know where to find me” Steve winked, and Tony just didn’t know what to do with that anymore because he was so sure they had shared a moment earlier, a whole staring into your eyes and I know what you’re thinking because we are one person moment earlier. At least he thinks that’s what they were having but he isn’t sure because the fucking delivery boy came and messed everything up.
He watched, his big eyes opening even wider, as Steve unwrapped the gift, revealing a silver inscribed box.
“Uh,” Steve pushed aside the strawberry filling to reveal what his fork had hit. A red and gold box. He looked at Tony for answers.
Trying to get his muddied brain to think straight he looked around his bathroom, mainly trying to not look at Tony so he could actually think. A towel! Yeah, a towel could work!
This time he jumped on his bed, determined to get to the bottom of the noise. He tangled with the sheets until finally, the source revealed itself. His phone continued vibrating and blasting music as it plopped on the floor.
Sam set his own coffee down, exasperated as he leaned across the desk to spin Steve's chair back towards him.
Steve turned the key to his apartment door slowly. He knew Tony was inside. Planning some big surprise for their 3-year anniversary. He knew long well before Bucky had made it obvious.
"Okay." Tony's voice said off screen as the video focused on the chair. "Okay, so if your watching this then that means I went through with it and you accepted." Tony's gleeful voice filled Steve's bedroom and Steve found himself being pulled in towards the computer screen.
Tony stared at him. “What?” His voice returning to normal. He took a second. “You… do you want to invite someone over to… watch? Participate? I’m so confused. I mean. It’s not something I’ve never done before, or enjoyed, it’s just I didn’t really peg you as someone who would—”
“I don’t know! I thought you remembered… that that’s why you’ve been buying pie, because we suck at making it ourselves!” Steve replied, equally frustrated.
An hour later he was sat across Coulson, his fingers fidgeting nervously as Coulson flipped through the pages. Coulson would stop and look up every few seconds, his face totally unreadable.
"Yes. Did you sleep at all last night?" Steve said, pulling his drawing pad closer to him so his hands could have something to do.
“Um.” Steve said, his eyes darting at the car’s clock 11:58pm, “um” he said again his mind going blank because the offer was unexpected and oh my god how he wanted to say yes but--
Steve quickly stretched his arm, check in hand,  above him, well over Tony’ reach. Tony glared at him as Steve struggled to hold back the laughter bubbling in his throat. Tony grumbled and slouched back in his chair.
“Hey so is that who you're meeting this weekend? Your uh- bachelor party consultant?” Sam asked as he finished off his burger.
“So we still on for tomorrow morning right? Pies?” Tony asked as he was stepping out of Steve’s apartment.
"One of your best friends, the other one of which is standing across from you." Sam interjected with a smile.
“There is nothing to explain.” Steve repeated, emphasizing his exasperation. “Tony is a good friend.”
“How’s it going tiger?” Steve smirked as he reached where Tony was lying on the floor, kneeling to lay down next to him.
Tony just stared at him for a few moments, silently thanking his drunken bastard self for dialing the wrong the number.
“No uh. Not for the interview. Afterwards.” Steve grabbed his soda and took a long drawn out sip, his eyes intent on memorizing the lid of the soda. He looked back up hoping the conversation had moved on already but everybody was still staring at him. He finished his sip.
He looked at the phone again moving his arm closer and further from his face until his phone looked the least blurry. He hit the green button—that he hoped meant call—twice: redial.
“No. A family meal. I’ve only ever had the pleasure of partaking in a family meal once. When, back in college, my flight home was cancelled so Rhodey invited me to stay with his family. I figured why not? It’s not like there was anything waiting for me back home you know. Yeah, that was the first Christmas I ever helped cooked dinner and sat  down with people that actually cared about me and talked to me during the meal. Best day of my life.”
“Did you pick up more charcoal by chance?” Jarvis asked.  “I can get some from that hardware store.  They’ll be open.  I’ll just pop into town for a bit and—”
“Uh-uh,” Tony said with a low, admonishing cluck of his tongue.  “None of that.”  Tony grasped Steve’s cock in his hand and was sliding the gilded cage on before Steve’s eyes finally tore away from the strap long enough to notice.
A leper, perhaps, Steve considered.  Or someone horribly disfigured, maybe even from birth.  Someone who felt they couldn’t be a part of the rest of the world, and was forced to live a life of solitude.  It made a certain amount of sense.  There was Lottie, the stonemason’s daughter who was burned by boiling water when she was little, and look at how people treated her, as if the scars somehow made her less of a person, both feared and reviled, but never really accepted.  If such a person had the means, a life in isolation like this might be appealing, Steve surmised.
He cast a furtive look at where Tony was curled up on the droopy sofa cushion, leaning over the arm with his feet tucked under him. As far away from Steve as possible, Steve observed, but, it didn’t sting as much as it would have earlier, which brought him to point three.  Tony liked to tease.  Better.  Tony liked to tease
Steve shook his head.  The world was a strange place.  Far stranger than he had ever imagined.  Sam often said Redwing told him something, though Steve just always assumed that was because of his understanding of the bird’s squawks and mannerisms.  He wondered what Sam would think of a bird that actually spoke. The same bittersweet longing as he felt the night before washed through him, but he pushed it aside and reached out for Tony.  They only had this time together. He wasn’t going to waste it by thinking of things he could not have.
We’ve been so far apart, for so long, Tony thought.    Parallel lives that never managed to find each other.  He’d meant it as a terrible and obvious pun, then, of course, but now…now, he just wanted a connection.  A moment in time when they did intersect, in all the ways that truly mattered.  The lines didn’t start out at the meeting point, though.  They had to build, to grow, to work their way to that moment of connection.  They had to earn it.
“No.  No, I’m good,” Steve replied.  “That was…nice, Tony.  You didn’t have to do all this today, but thank you. I’m sorry I was rude. Earlier.  I just—I want everyone to treat me the same, you know?  I’m not going to fall apart.  I don’t need to be coddled.”
“What?” Steve’s head snapped to him, eyes searching his face, maybe looking for mockery or the joke that he was missing, Tony wasn’t sure.
“You two could’ve worked something out,” Conference Room Steve retorted.  “We did, didn’t we, Tony?”
Reverse the particle flow.  Steve’s Einstein-Rosen bridge thought experiment.  Use its own power against it.  Could work, Tony supposed, stifling a yawn.  You’d need a way to channel the reaction, but it could work.  He’d have to think about it a bit more.  Maybe then he could bring it up to Steve again.  See what Steve thought.  See if Steve liked that Tony kept thinking about it.  That Tony had figured something out.  Been clever, he thought with a yawn.  As he stared up at the spot in the sky where he’d pointed the telescope, he had the weird, blindingly clear thought that Steve would.
“Might be the only way I get something other than name, rank and serial number out of you,” Tony said.  “Besides.  Golf is basically just physics.  Let’s just say, I like my chances.”
“Yes, it takes us awhile to get any traction, I’ll grant you that,” Tony replied. Steve didn’t miss that Tony included himself, and neither did Rhodes, he noted. Steve took another long swallow from the waterbag and lay back down on the blanket.  A soft golden light suffused the forest as the sun dipped low, blazing into the sea beyond.  Tony’s fingers began threading through his hair as the team continued to trade stories.  Steve listened through a distant sort of haze that he recognized was courtesy of Bruce’s potion, but the aches and soreness of the ride were fading and he ground was still warm from the sun, heating his back and loosening the muscles.
“On your knees, then,” Tony told him.  He was breathing hard, too, Steve noted.  His eyes were dark pools, and curl stuck to his forehead where it had dampened.  Steve managed to sit up and then stared dumbly at Tony for a moment, until Tony smiled, soft and tremulous, and wrapped an arm around Steve’s waist to help him to his knees and get him turned around.  Then, Tony was tearing open the ties of his breeches and pulling his cock out, dark red with strain and leaking a path of fluid from the head.  He shimmied over to the table by the bed and applied oil to himself, then laid down on the bed and lazily stroked a hand up and down his cock as Steve’s eyes tracked the movement.
He pushed his sunglasses onto his face, picked his phone out of his pocket and checked the time.  He grimaced and let out a long, resigned sigh, then made a quick call, probably making Pepper’s damn day.  Steve finished his goodbyes and jogged over to where Tony leaned against the car.  He looked happier than Tony had seen him since the hospital, Tony noted, for all that the past few hours should probably have been depressing.  Oddly enough, Tony felt lighter himself.  Wow, it was almost like helping others made you feel better about yourself, he thought with chagrin.   These charity people should really get that out there more.
“Okay?  I just gave that speech, and all I get is ‘okay’?” Tony demanded in an exasperated whine.  Steve, damn his hide, just shrugged.  “I gave a beautiful, heartfelt speech, Steve Rogers, and you give me two syllables—press the damn button—two syllables, if you can call them syllables because they are basically just saying two letters, when I practically bared my soul—”
It was the garters that made Steve get all squirmy and stammering, voice roughened with embarrassment, bright splotches of color appearing on his cheeks.  At least, that was what did it the one time Steve mentioned looking through some haphazardly tied together stack of pictures one of the other soldiers picked up somewhere in the south of France.
“You’re a good person, Tony,” Steve said.  “You’re smart and you’re good and you’ve got more money than any one person needs, but that doesn’t make it your responsibility to fix me, you know.”
“Would be a shame to let our chance at an island getaway get squandered,” Tony murmured against Steve’s mouth.  Steve, bless him, immediately toed off his shoes, undid his belt and unzipped his trousers, pushing them to the floor along with his briefs and kicking them to the side.  He started to pull the shirt over his head, but Tony reached out a hand to grab the hem.
“Hello,” Captain Rogers replied, voice sort of slurred, like he wasn’t sure of his word choice.  Tony watched him shift his stance, hands falling to his sides as he sort of stutter-stepped like he was going to walk forward and got caught rethinking it in the middle of acting on the thought.  “Ah.  Thank you.  For coming today, I mean.  All the way here.  I know that was a trip.  For you and your family.  I really appreciate that.  Ah…may I call you Anthony?”
Steve huffed out a low breath and glanced over at the punching bag, then nodded and looked back at Tony. “Both of us. I don’t know. Whoever needs to hear it,” he shrugged. “Come down to the kitchen. I’ll make you an omelette, and we can talk.”
“Yes, he will.  He will, Steve. You don’t know him.  I thought I did, but…” Tony said, looking down and away.  His eye caught on the line of progressively less-bowlish vases on the bookcase, and he let out a shuddering sigh.
“My apologies, T’Omash, it seems I am suddenly starving. Give us a moment, would you?” Tony said with a half-smile twisting at his lips.
“It’s okay,” Steve mumbled into the wind even as he turned away.  It wasn’t okay, maybe.  Not yet, anyway.  But, it wasn’t not okay, either.  Like everything Tony did, it seemed to exist for Steve in some space in between where he couldn’t quite decide which box to put it in.  Intersect. Connect.  One point on the graph at a time.  As long as you’re moving forward.  We’ll get there, Tony told himself with a confidence he didn’t quite feel.  They could do this.  They had to.  The alternative was…well.  He just wasn’t going to think about it.  He looked up at Steve, with his hair mussed from the wind and rain, standing on the street in some second rate part of town, trying his damnedest to hold on to some part of his carefully ordered life.
He remembered finding the door panel on one of their trips to Germany. Heidelberg, he recalled.  Christmas, six—no, seven—years ago now.  God, where did the time go?  Down in the Market Place at one of the dozens of antique shops they rummaged through for no other reason than having nothing better to do, enjoying piping hot potato fritters with apple sauce, beautifully-formed cinnamon star biscuits and doughy snowball cakes.  Steve loved Germany.  Which seemed odd to Tony at first, but there was something very satisfying for Steve in all of the changes.  A sense of see, we did do something.  We mattered.  We made a difference.
said I couldn’t just smash my fist into that lying asshole’s face.  He swore that wouldn’t work and would just alienate you more.  I thought it was worth trying, but,” Bucky shrugged.
“I am,” Barnes said at the same time Tony did.   Barnes shot Tony an annoyed look, one side of his mouth pulling up.
.  So, if it had maybe occurred to Tony that this way, Steve would have some new memories of some dolled-up Omega doing things, well, it wasn’t jealousy.  Exactly.  Just that now, if Steve happened to think of garters and lace and how soft stockings were, he would think of Tony first, not some tarted-up Moulin Rouge reject.
“Yes.  Good. That’s good, Steve,” Tony said encouragingly, making Steve realize he was rocking his hips, pressing them down on Tony’s fingers.  Steve threw an arm over his face and bore down again, letting out a hiss of air as Tony added a third finger.
“Gentlemen, if you wouldn’t mind,” the woman, whom Steve assumed was some kind of hotel manager, added with a sweep of her hand that clearly meant ‘Get the hell out of my lobby,’ though that thought was also conveyed fairly effectively by the uniformed security that dotted the way to the hotel exit, Steve noted.
“Yeah, and then you promptly offered to follow me and fight this particular battle for me again, and it isn’t that I don’t appreciate it, but look, you can have the fight or you can have something worth fighting for. You don’t get both, Steve,” Bucky sighed. “Trust me. You don’t get both.”
“Well, guess I'll just have to make do, then,” Steve replied, jaw going hard. “Not that I expect you to understand that.”
“Um, guys?” Bruce said as he poked his head in the door, looking slightly satisfied and not remotely surprised.  “I need to change Steve’s IV bag and Tony, you need to explain to Jane about how there is no Einstein-Rosen bridge in Central Park, and you both look like giant dorks, by the way, though at least Steve has the excuse of being on something.”
Tony waited, body going rigid, for the inevitable explosion.  Steve was staring at him, the wind brushing his hair over his forehead, but otherwise, he was almost preternaturally still.  Then, his face softened, and his mouth quirked up at the corners, lips flattening like he was trying to hold in a smile.  Which…was annoying, Tony decided.  He was pissed, and Steve was…laughing at him, which might be the only thing worse than yelling at him.  God-damn California DOT and their unkept promises.  Where was a fucking falling rock when you needed one?  He wasn’t sure if he wanted it to put him out of his misery or if he preferred to brain Steve with it.
“I’d never try to take the kids from you in the divorce,” Steve remarked evenly, earning a sharp bark of laughter from Tony.  Steve found himself smiling in return, the rush of warmth at the banter coming so swiftly and easily that it startled him, the way his mind recognized it almost at a distance, some foreign, unfamiliar interloper that needed to be studied.
“I’ll take you up on that, if you don’t mind,” Steve said.  Tony’s head jerked around to his in surprise. Stane’s gaze went cold and calculating for a moment before he grinned and took a sip of his drink.  Scotch, Steve knew.
Tony blinked up at him, then looked down at the bags of flour in Steve’s hand.  “Is that one wearing a onesie?”
“That’s a new look for you,” Tony observed.  His voice sounded strained and tight, like each word was dripping out through a sieve.
“Yeah, well.  I wasn’t making the best choices after all that.  Nothing seemed to matter other than fixing what Obie had done and trying to--somehow, though I know it’s impossible--trying to make up for why I lived and they didn’t, you know?  Why I got a second chance.  Me, who has lived a life that meant
“I should go back to my rooms,” Steve said, pushing himself up to a sit and letting his legs hang off the side of the bed.  “Get ready.  Cam will be waiting, and he will have food there.  I think he delights in seeing what he can convince the kitchen to make for him.   You should see how excited he is,” Steve told him with a wry grin.  “Truly, Tony, I am fine.”
“Well.  Let’s just say you breaking his nose in that tourney wasn’t without a certain amount of enjoyment on my part. Beyond you winning, of course,” Tony replied with a droll roll of his eyes.
Tony slung one elbow over the curved back of the chair, which let him twist around comfortably enough to appreciate the view, manners dispensed with in favor of the ability to gesticulate his point.  Ms. Claridge would be horrified.  Rap his knuckles with her ruler, he thought as he watched Steve’s tongue dart out just enough to lick the taste from his lips.  Tony’s mind promptly conjured up the image of Steve on that stage, hips gyrating and grinding against the smooth metal pole, that crossroads deal of a back tapering down to the most perfect ass Tony had ever had the pleasure of seeing, which, statistically speaking, was quite the sample size.
“Everyone loves that story,” Tony assured them, clearly deciding to just pretend Steve had not spoken, though Steve caught Tony’s gaze flick over to him again, concern deepening the lines around his eyes before he drifted back to Rhodes.  “Each time I tell it, the whole Court applauds and the Great Hall rings out with odes to my bravery and cunning.”
“It isn’t much, really,” Steve said, picking up a small bag from next to the stool.  He reached inside and pulled out the red and gold vase that had been his latest project and rolled it lightly between his palms.  “It’s kind of messed up,” Steve continued in a strange, tight voice.  “It doesn’t really fit in here, with all your fancy stuff.  But,” he said, holding it out to Tony. “If you want it, I guess it’s really always been yours.”
Hours later, as he followed the guy, Mike, through the bowels of the underground parking garage to the area where the chauffeured vehicles were parked, he still needed a plan.  At least one that went beyond ‘show up and see Tony.’  The pit of nervousness that had been stewing in his stomach all day seemed to dig in deeper the closer he got.  He recognized the sleek lines of Tony’s limo, with the now-familiar STARK designation on the tag.
“I don’t know how to do what you’re asking of me,” Steve said after a pause, voice hoarse and ragged, each word drawn thin. “This? This, I know how to do.”
“Okay,” Tony said, glancing over at Steve before dropping his gaze down to his shoes.  They were still shiny, catching a bit of the glow from the low lights that illuminated the back of the limousine.
Steve, on the other hand, treated Tony’s orgasm like the brass ring, and he wasn’t leaving the playing field until he had it.  Sometimes, more than once.  He liked for Tony to come first, to give him that extra gush of slick, just before Steve filled him, and it did help with the knotting, sure, but Tony thought Steve mostly just liked the feel of it around his cock. Tony all wet and loose and open like that.  That’s what Steve would whisper into his ear while he fucked into him, Tony thought, reaching up and brushing at the spot just below his earlobe where he could almost feel the lingering heat of Steve’s breath as he spoke those filthy, obscene, wonderful things into Tony’s ear.  America would be so ashamed of their Captain, Tony thought with a serene smile as he traced his fingers up and down over his stomach.  Such a dirty mouth on the man.
The Shadowman will get you if you don’t watch out, Steve thought, a chill coiling around his spine, making his blood run so cold, he thought his breath might come out in white puffs.  He made the sign of the cross almost unconsciously, watching Tony’s lips twitch up--his lips, his red, red lips, red like...
“Okay, what part of magic alien mindwipe did you not understand?  I think that is pretty much the definition of complicated,” Tony pointed out.  Then sighed, pushed himself up to a sitting position again and scrubbed his face with his hand.  “How could I have missed this?  How, Pep?  Tell me that.”
“We’re here,” Tony said, peering out the window as they pulled up to the front of the MGM Grand with its giant, gold lion statue guarding the entrance.  “Happy?  Pull us right up in there by Simba, okay? Do the whole floorshow bit with the car.”
“Tony,” Steve husked out, reaching out a hand that hung there, suspended in midair between them.  Sometimes, he felt like he was always reaching for Tony, never quite able to touch him, but he never imagined it quite like this.
“Wait—why obviously no significant other?” Steve demanded, hand hovering over the canvas as he peered around the edge of the frame at Kirk.   Kirk was fidgeting already.  Small, slight movements that Steve kept catching as he tried to get the proportions right.  Kirk’s cock bobbed against his upper thigh as he shifted.  Which was…well, Steve was currently drawing round blobs for Kirk’s head, so that was not strictly critical information, though his brain kept wanting to supply it as if it was.
“I won’t. I swear it, Steve,” Tony promised, the words coming out hard and brittle, an edge of roughness to them that was almost savage. “I swear it. I will do anything you ask of me.”
“Of course. Right away,” Zola simpered.  “Up,” he snapped at Steve and slipped his hands under Steve’s collar, giving it a sharp pull, to emphasize the point.
“I, ah.  I need to go see Bucky. Tomorrow.  He’s not answering my calls or texts, and Nat was going to check on him, but…” Steve said instead of doing either.
Because he knew, he did actually know it, no matter what he might say when jinxed accessories broke through his, admittedly thin, mental walls, that Steve was everything his father had said and so much more than Howard had never known.  He had gotten the chance to know that, though.  He got that part of Steve, or got a glimpse of it, and what had he done with it?  He’d made it sordid and shameful.  Because that was what he did.  Honestly, if he were a better man, he would end this now, walk away and leave Steve in peace.  Steve could have anyone, and that probably wasn’t even an exaggeration.   He should do that, he knew.  Let Steve go.  Let Steve go, he snorted derisively.  As if he ever really had him in the first place.  What a generous fucking soul he was. It wasn’t like it wasn’t tempting.  Walking away.  It would be so much easier.
“Be my guest,” Tony said after a moment. Steve pushed himself up and took the condom from Tony, placing the circled opening over the head of Tony’s cock.  He heard Tony’s sharp intake of breath and glanced up, noting the pinched expression on Tony’s face.  “Fuck, that’s hot,” Tony breathed out, biting his lip as Steve held Tony’s cock with one hand and slowly rolled the condom on with the other.
“That, too,” Tony agreed, almost cheerfully, seemingly unconcerned by the revelation. “You have nothing to fear from me, Steve. I promise, I’m no threat to you.”
“Sure you want to do this?”  Rogers asked carefully.   Tony wasn’t sure what he was asking about, the Bonding thing or the obligatory parental visit, though, since his enthusiasm level was about the same for both, he supposed it didn’t really matter what answer he gave.  Might as well give Rogers the one he was looking to hear.
“Okay, well, I guess I’ll let Fury know what’s going on and…ah, screw it, let him deal with it. I need a drink,” Pepper said, abruptly hanging up.
He tried Natasha’s number next, and got her voicemail, too, but this one let him leave a message.  He really didn’t have much to say, but thanked her for bringing his bag by and heard himself promising her a tiny bottle of hot sauce without really meaning to.  He tucked the phone back into his back pocket and braced his hands against the balcony railing, watching one of the big, red, open-top tourist buses make a stop not too far away.  When they first got out here, he’d taken Bucky on one of those tours, hopping on and off at different points of interest, trying to get a feel for a city so very different than they one they’d left.
“I take it I’m not supposed to do with this what we usually do with pillows,” Steve said holding up the sofa cushion with what Tony assumed was disappointment, though Steve was trying to hide it behind a smile.  Such a stalwart soul.  Tony tilted his head and beamed at Steve.  It was so nice that Steve loved that part of their relationship as much as Tony did.  He had wondered about it, in the beginning.  At first, he thought maybe Steve would be uncomfortable or embarrassed, given that a Bonded Omega was, well, ready, for lack of a better term, whenever his or her Alpha was.  Tony found that highly convenient, though he suspected he shouldn’t use quite that term when discussing it with Steve.
“Yeah, I do,” Steve answered with a solid, urging sort of tone.  “Even when their solution is too smart for his own good,” Steve said with a low chuckle that made Tony’s stomach twist with pleasure.
When they pulled up to Tony’s drive, Steve climbed out and headed on inside as usual.  “Hey, JARVIS,” he called politely.  He sat down on the sofa to wait for Tony to come upstairs, idly picking up one of the small sketchpads that had appeared in various places around the house.  It was taking Tony a bit longer than usual to come up, so Steve started drawing and before he knew it, had a cartoon of Wet Tony looking quite disgruntled as a little black raincloud hovered over his head.   Finally, he heard Tony’s footfalls coming up the stairs, slower than usual this time.  Tony, always so full of energy, typically practically bounced up the stairs.  Steve was so ready to see him though, he didn’t pay it much mind, just stood and smiled as Tony appeared.
It should have made him afraid.  Sent him into a panic.  Revolted him, perhaps.  Instead, there was a fire blazing its way through his veins and coiling low in his belly.
“Think it makes you sound pretty human, to be honest.  Not to mention that you are checking on him. You’ve been calling, right? And didn’t you say you sent your friend over?  The scary lady who I thought was a dancer who threatened to make a necklace of certain parts of me of which I’m rather fond if I touched you during our hypothetical lap dance?” Tony asked, trying and somewhat succeeding to get a genuine smile out of Steve.  “It’s only been a couple of days, Steve.  You didn’t exactly leave him tied up in the yard with a bowl of water and one of your old t-shirts.  Wait, did you?  I’m not kink-shaming, but…”
Okay then.  So, okay.  This was done, then.  He just had to accept that.  Whatever Tony was about with the money, it didn’t mean anything.  Probably just Tony’s sense of politeness or something.
After a few strokes, there wasn’t quite enough wetness, and the burn of each pass of his hand against the sensitive skin only worsened, though he didn’t stop.  It was terrible and wonderful, and it was for Tony, so it was good.
“Steve,” Tony began, tongue coming out to coat his lips around the word. “Please, Steve,” Tony repeated, voice thready and high, punctuated with stuttering pants of air. “Gods, Steve. I want---I need—please—“
There was a crossword puzzle in the back of the in-flight magazine.  Steve managed about half the words before Brock woke up, somewhere over the Midwest, and pressed the call button to get a beer from the flight attendant.
With a disgruntled shake of his head, he opened the medicine cabinet behind the sink above the mirror and took out his bottle of pills, sitting one on his tongue and then palming a handful of water from the faucet to down it with.  Even after he felt the small pill slide down his throat, he took another gulp of water and swallowed again, just for good measure.  He closed the mirror and stared at his reflection again.  A part of him still couldn’t believe there were suppressants sitting in his medicine cabinet by the aftershave and packet of Tylenol.  There were seven white tablets hidden in a baggie under his mattress, just in case, his mind supplied, but the bottle of miracle pills sat undisturbed, as far as Tony could tell.
“Good. See that you keep it that way,” Steve replied.  Tony imagined one of those heavy castle gates closing, but seemed to be the only one who got the message.
“Who are you?” Tony asked, tearing his gaze away from the deep fissures and back to Steve.  “The Director of SHIELD plays matchmaker to keep you happy.  Coulson pulls his Dr. Phil routine whenever he sees me.  You’ve got that X on your tags, which means something to somebody, but I looked all over the DoD’s server—ah, website--and there’s nothing about that even existing as a designation.  You’re strong.  Not normal Alpha kind of strong, but, like, strong-strong,” Tony pointed out, rubbing a hand over his mouth.  “Alphas, even the ones that are the size of something that tries to trash Tokyo, run for the hills at the drop of your name.”
“Don’t!” Tony shouted, banging a fist against the metal table so hard the instruments on the nearby tray clattered and clanked.  “Don’t start rationalizing this.”
He wasn’t sure what he was asking for, but it seemed to be enough.  Tony’s other hand threaded through Steve’s hair, pushing the sweat-soaked strands back from his forehead, then dropped down to trace the curve of the collar around Steve’s throat.  Steve watched him let out a rough breath, catching his bottom lip for a moment and shaking his head, eyes closing for a long moment as he drew in a tremulous breath.  Steve could feel Tony’s cock against his own and unconsciously canted his hips toward it.  Tony swallowed thickly, opened his eyes and looked down at Steve.  Slowly, his head dropped so his forehead rested against Steve’s.  Tony’s hand gripped Steve’s cock and brought it to his own, holding them together as his hand stroked both of them.
“Okay. Okay, Tony,” Steve soothed, punctuating each word with a soft kiss to the hollow curve of Tony’s back as he shifted behind him.
“Yeah,” Steve admitted.  “He thinks it would be good to make some contacts.  One of the World Security Council members will be attending. General Ross.  General Stryker. Admiral Fairfax.  A Colonel Talbot, who I haven’t heard of.  Some industry people.  A few others.  No one from SI, though. I checked.”
, who shamed reporters because they said mean things and saluted highly-ranked goats and made sure the waiter didn’t pop the champagne because he knew the sound would bother Tony.
“You—you know—you know I have. You—Tony, you teased me about it for ages.  The Lady Lorraine,” Steve stammered.
In all his imaginings, he had never thought about Anthony—Tony—saying yes without really meaning it.  A yes of obligation, then. Desperation. A yes of last resort. A yes because there was nothing else left. That’s what this was.
to, but it is just one night.” He swallowed, watching Brock for some kind of reaction, then he blinked and wiped a hand across his mouth, fingers worrying at his lips.  “Can you say something?”
“I read your books.  You have terrible taste, by the way.  Da Vinci Code? Really? Give me your phone,” Tony said, holding out his hand and making a gimme-gesture.
“Who said a relationship?  I said a date,” Natasha pointed out, swallowing the last of her drink and raising her hand to get the bartender’s attention for another round.  “He’d show you a good time.  That, I can guarantee.”
“You didn’t even look into the companies you were selling your weapons to?  How could you—how could you not know, Tony? How—how willfully blind do you have to be to not even check? God, Tony, you…you were selling weapons to them, and you just, what?  Signed on the dotted line and moved on to Ms. April?” Steve demanded, his voice tight and strident.
Some wonderful artwork done by the amazingly talented musicalluna.  You can check out her artwork on tumblr at stepladderink.tumblr.com.  Commissions are open, so hit her up!
that.  Craved it.  He shouldn’t, of course, he knew that.  But, the more he thought it, the more he couldn’t think of anything else.  How good it would feel to leave a battlefield, a real one, and come home to this.  Let Tony take him apart and put him back together, the real him, not this pale shade of who he was.
Steve leaned his head down, watching Tony’s eyes flutter shut as he did, pressed his mouth to Tony’s and let himself drown.
“What am I going to do with...with patents and stuff?” Steve said evenly, face scrunching up like he couldn't quite figure out why Tony was gearing up to shake him until his teeth rattled.
“Missed you, too, buttercup, but let’s save the pillowtalk for when we’re alone, hmmm,” Tony replied, casting a quick, darting warning glance at Steve. Steve just shook his head and dropped his bag of winnings in front of Tony. “I thought your game was UNO,” Tony reminded him with a quizzical frown.
Why was he even thinking about that stupid radio now?  Whatever bug had crawled up Steve’s ass about it had apparently died anyway, because he’d seen the thing sitting on the bookshelf in Steve’s room some days later when he stopped by to hand off the latest specs for the suit upgrade, which, sure, he could have emailed, and it wasn’t like he was really concerned that Steve hadn’t come to the workshop since the thing with the radio. The thing was…he had actually found himself missing Steve’s visits, or at least noticing that they weren’t happening, which was weird because his workshop was a bit of a sanctuary.  If by sanctuary, you meant a place surrounded by nearly impregnable walls and monitored by an A.I. who was programmed to only allow people inside at Tony’s command.  They were all busy, so it wasn’t necessarily unusual for one or more of them to be gone for days at a time.  Still…he had found himself looking up at the door around lunchtime, half expecting to see Steve’s dark form outside the glass buzzing for entry with food and whatever the latest problem was he wanted to discuss.
And, none of those relationships anything other than a short fling.  They certainly weren’t around now, that much was clear.
Steve threw the coverlet off his legs and climbed out of bed, drawing Tony’s surprised frown as he approached.
“My bank?” Steve questioned, frown deepening. “Oh, you mean mom's bank. She just put me on her account when she got sick, so I could handle the bills and all. I closed that out a few months after she passed, once everything had cleared,” Steve explained. “Tony, that account has been closed since a few months after she passed. Once everything cleared. I, ah. I switched banks.”
Steve sighed, leaned his head back against the pillow and tried to think.  “Have I told you about Scott?”
“Like the punching bag,” Steve replied, though the sound of it was odd, like he was testing the words.
“I fought Hydra, but I’m not fool enough to argue with Ms. Potts,” Steve began, watching Tony’s expression as he rolled his eyes and pulled a knowing face.  He liked the chatelaine, with her strange moniker, fearless efficiency and devotion to Tony, though she rarely did more than greet Steve politely if he happened to be in Tony’s workshop during one of her visits.  “But, Cam is more than enough for me,” Steve replied.  “I’ve never had a servant before, let alone a…retinue. I don’t know what anyone else would even do.”
“Oh.  That’s—I mean.  Okay.  That’s—that’s okay,” Tony stammered, suddenly out of breath, nerves shaking with a flood of relief he hadn’t been prepared to feel.  His head was swimming, and the thing that he hadn’t even realized had been coiled around his heart loosened and shrank, letting it skip along at an alarming rate.  “That’s. I mean, that’s good.  Right?  That’s good.  You’re back, so.  Must have—must have gone well, I guess?  Don’t worry.  About the car, I mean.  It’s—I’m just.  I’m—it—it’s great, really.  Forget I said…what I said.  Car’s great.  Really.  I was just—“
His other favorite pastime when Tony was occupied was walking the gardens, over which he was given free rein.  The gardens were beautifully lush and, seemingly, set up with various delights and amusements for his benefit, such as the chess set that appeared on the stone table where the willow dipped its branches into the clear surface of a pond, tempting the bright orange fish who darted beneath or the musicians who sometimes played from a balcony overlooking the lawn as he strolled.  The collar he wore, as much as it was its own kind of prison, gave him a certain status and deference, and an amount of freedom he had once assumed he would never see again.
“Goodnight Steve,” the man replied. He raised his hand in return, then dropped it to the front of his coat, just over his heart, rubbing long fingers across the fabric before dropping it to his side.
She was quiet for a moment.  It was an old conversation by now.  Why are you here? What could possibly have driven you to try this? What is it you came for?
On the screen, the two of them were beaming at the camera, Steve’s arm wrapped around Tony’s shoulders, anchoring him to his side.  They looked…well, good, Steve had to admit.  Tony photographed well.  He rather thought he looked like a blonde ghost under the flash with his pale skin, but the suit helped.  They looked—well, happy.  Steve could tell his own smile was plastered on, but he doubted anyone else, except maybe Bucky, would be able to.  Tony was smiling, too, though, at least in this particular shot, he was looking slightly up towards Steve, and the smile the camera captured was almost disconcerted, like he’d been caught off-guard by something.    Probably by Steve’s sudden desire not to listen to anything he’d been told not to do.
“Nat left your take from last week in the box under your bed,” Barnes replied. “Looks like someone must’ve tipped big,” he finished, giving Tony a long, challenging look.  “We gotta drop off the rent by five tomorrow or get another one of those notices.  I almost have enough to finish wallpapering the bathroom though, so hold off.”
“He gave you your tuition back, didn't he?” Steve asked with a stubborn sort of quietness, jaw jutting forward like he was pointing out the obvious.
“But, it isn’t really different than any other tool SI’s been providing the military for all those years, is it? I mean, look at all the resources that we’ve put into recapturing the Mosul Dam and getting it remotely structurally sound.  When the rebels had it, they used rolling blackouts of up to twenty hours a day to try to shunt enough electricity off to refill the reservoir.  Do you have any idea how many problems that caused?” Steve asked.  “Putting aside all the actual conflicts over access to water and resources that you could mitigate, imagine how much that lack of infrastructure sets back the region?  Sets up a world ripe for conflict?” Steve pressed, shifting in his seat to face Tony.  “Look, do you have any idea how dangerous it is getting those convoys of fuel into Afghanistan?  Forget the cost savings over the long haul, good men are dying, and SI is still building typewriters.  The military needs this kind of shiny new toy more than it needs another missile.  We’re doing pretty good blowing things up, trust me.”
“My childhood issues with my dead parents, how I dissociate from my public persona and why my bodyguard is a better man than I’ll ever be.  Also, some about him.  What?” Tony asked after a beat of silence.  “Is that not first date material?”
“Right.  Going,” Tony assured her, backing out the door and stumbling into the hallway.  “Thanks again, Pep,  you’re a—“  Apparently, it would have to remain a mystery what exactly Pepper was, Tony thought as he stared at the door that had been not so gently slammed in his face.  He looked back and forth down the hallway, where several employees busied themselves pretending not to look at him while no doubt posting this on today’s social media website du jour.  “If this shows up on TMZ, you’re all fired.”
“I could build a time machine and go back and stop the Depression,” Tony offered.  “Well, I’d probably need Reed for that, and he’s an asshole and he stretches and it’s totally creepy, but if you wanted, I could try.”
“I’m fine,” Steve said quickly, then blew out a long breath of air and put his hands on his hips.  “It was… it’s just a lot to process, okay?  Like you said.  It’s not like I do this all the time.  We should probably head out if we’re going to make our flight,” Steve pointed out before Brock could say anything else, hoping to change the subject.
“No. We do not.  But, that does not make us long for it any less,” Jarvis pointed out, voice thick with an old sadness that made Tony think of hand-knitted baby blankets, tiny shoes with blue teddy bears embroidered on them and things they didn’t talk about.
“Yes, yes, you’re obviously right about the deus ex eagles, but you gotta admit…Helm’s Deep was cool,” Tony added.  He punctuated his argument with strokes of his hand over Steve’s stomach, admiring the ripple of muscle that tapered to a deep vee bound by thick cords over his thighs, then looked up at Steve again, vision going blurry for a moment.   Steve was watching him, half-hooded eyes following Tony’s movements, features going waxy and soft in the dim morning light.  He stretched, back bowing a bit under the half-slope of Tony’s body that was slowly interloping its way over his.  Tony rode out the motion, then settled, resting his head on Steve’s chest, just below his heart.  He could hear the rabbity thud of it, wavelike, against the shell of his ear.
“Okay, well.  That…that was…something,” Tony said, looking down at the destroyed robot.  “I’m just going to go.  Now.  Away.  You seem fine.  Got a handle on it and all,” Tony observed, waving a hand vaguely in the direction of the vanished Doombot head.  He really needed to get out of here before he just gave up and mounted Captain America in front of a live television audience.  Though, that would probably be great for ratings.
“I can make it worth your while.  I know you need the money, Steve,” Stane continued. “There isn’t any reason this can’t be mutually beneficial when you play by the rules.  He’s weak, Steve.  You can see that.  You say jump and look at how easily he begs you to tell him how high.  He’s so desperate to please, it’s revolting.  That’s not the kind of man you can respect, Steve.  You don’t want that.  You don’t
“Did you know that the addition of a hinge to a counterweight trebuchet greatly increases the amount of energy that can be delivered to the beam?” the King asked, stroking his hand along Steve’s length and flicking his wrist over the head of Steve’s cock.  Steve let out a burst of air and his head fell back on his shoulders as his hips stuttered against the King’s hand in a vain attempt to chase the friction.  “It’s true,” the King said, and Steve could hear a knowing kind of smile in the King’s voice.  “Some energy, of course, is lost, when the hinge is opened fully,” the King continued, rubbing his hand up and down Steve’s straining cock.  “The counterweights, they work as a sort of brake on the rotation, you see,” the King said, letting his other hand glide down to cup Steve’s balls and roll them around in his palm.  “This eases the strain on the beam.” Steve let out a sharp cry and shut his eyes as the King worked his hand up and down in a circular motion around Steve’s cock.   His hips were thrusting helplessly into the King’s hand.  “It’s all just math, of course,” the King added and there was definitely a smile in his voice now.
“Rumlow said Bucky, and I asked how high he’d like me to jump,” Steve bit out, then let his head dip down to his chest for a minute before giving it a shake, like he could clear it, but the rushing hiss of the water hitting the tile filled it like white noise.  “It was my fault. They’re going to blame Wanda.  You know they are.  You gotta—you gotta tell Ross.  He’s looking for a reason, and I gave him one.  If he wants to come after someone, then it’s on me.”
Steve’s hips pumped up into the wet, tight heat, bumping against the back of Tony’s throat.  Tony grunted. Not a displeased sound, but with a bit of warning in it.  Steve sucked in a breath, clawed his hands into the blanket underneath him and forced his movement to slow, become something deliberate.  Again, and Tony hummed encouragingly as he drew his mouth back and let Steve’s thrust fill his throat instead.  One hand cupped Steve’s balls, rolled them around and gave a slight tug as Steve pumped up again.
Truth be told, Steve thought they all resembled their horses in one way or another, though whether that was a strange twist of fate or the product of years of working with them, he couldn’t say.
“Tony,” the voice that said his name was soft, and worried, and gentle, and he held onto it because he was never Tony, he was Mr. Stark and
“Look, I know you have no reason to trust me, but….can I try?” Tony asked, “You’d be able to cancel my magick anyway if I did something you didn’t like. And, trust me, if I wanted out of here I could’ve gotten out by now, magick or not.”
The screeching stopped, and the elevator doors cracked open. Someone, possibly Natasha, wedged their fingers into the crack to push them apart.
Tony glanced up, a look of surprise flickering across his face before he bent over his work. “Bucky needs an arm.”
The runner nodded frantically and scrambled back down to the road, probably glad to escape. Tony nearly waited too long to yell “thank you!” after him, but it was worth it when the man actually stumbled and turned around, like he was surprised.
Bucky ran his hand through his hair once, twice, then stood up suddenly and started pacing around. Tony tolerated it for a moment before he tested his limits again.
“I...Pietro, he was a runner. He, uh, works for Howard now,” Tony said quietly, and Steve didn’t miss the use of his father’s first name. “It’s hard work, I mean, people have died doing it, you know? I just….he ran across the city for me, and, I dunno, I wanted to ask. I don’t think anyone ever has before. Or said ‘thank you.’ Maybe we should.”
“Are you alright to stand?” Steve asked, all soft concern like he was talking to a child, and now Tony wasn’t
“Easy there, Hawkeye,” Buck said, carefully pushing the crossbow down and away. “He’s allowed to be curious.”
There were some unintelligible sounds from inside and then Bucky opened the door a crack. “Whaddaya—oh, Steve, hey, get in here.”
Steve made a sound not unlike the thick panting of an angry bull, but obeyed. He and Clint half-helped, half-carried Tony out of the lab.
Left alone with Bucky, Tony stretched out across the chair he’d commandeered. “You know, usually you would, y’know, tie up the person you’ve kidnapped. Especially if they’re Welthari.”
Tony lifted his hands to rake them through his hair, but was stopped short. Handcuffs circled his wrists, binding him to the cot he was lying on. Trapping him.
After a long moment, Tony managed to tap his fingers once against his legs, a feat that felt like moving mountains. But then a warm hand settled on his knee, a tan blur in the corner of his vision, and it was nice and good and gentle and he stopped trembling, a little, maybe. Tony focused on that, one warm, heavy weight tethering him to the earth, to reality. A not-so-distant voice in the back of his head told him he was being ridiculous and stupid and
I simultaneously really like and kinda don't like this chapter?? I know it's angsty as heck and cute and fun besides, but pacing is just never a thing that I can do. I hope it's alright?
, Tony wanted to say yes, he wanted to at least nod, but his mind was still screaming that he couldn’t move or everything would come crashing down and as long as he stayed still it would be fine.
“Fine, fine, maybe I have a teeny, tiny, mild little concussion. I’ll take some meds and sleep, it’ll be better by tomorrow.”
“I was the personal representative, Mr. Stark was on the list as well, but I figured, Howard’s dead...” Steve trailed off.
, the roar of water in his ears, blood pounding through his veins, a thousand screamed insults, the terse words of the man he’d loved most. And those were the worst, worse than the yelling, because yelling meant anger and anger made people do things they wouldn’t, and quiet, steady words meant they were true, and real.
(also, something wonky is going on with the end notes I think? I dunno if it shows on y'all's side but they're weird for me and I've tried and failed to fix it, so sorry about that)
Tony’s heart practically leapt out of his chest, and his already panicked mind went haywire. Dim emergency lights flicked on, but they barely did anything for the darkness. Steve stopped speaking for a moment, caught off guard, and then started in again.
“For starters, why haven’t I been turned in? Are you guys really Registration? Are you gonna kill me?”
But of course, it stopped at the gym, just a few floors below his destination, and Tony knew who would be there before the doors even started to open. None other than Mr. Steven Grant Rogers, Captain
“I could! Magick doesn’t manifest until around twelve or thirteen, in case you forgot—that’s a hell of a lot of time to be powerless. A lot of time to practice,” and too late Tony was realizing he probably should’ve stopped talking four hours ago.
Tony doesn’t realize she’s crying—no, gasping, like a dying thing, heaving breathy sobs into her sheets—until Jarvis speaks up.
“You’re taking that the wrong way, aren’t you,” Steve sighed. It wasn’t a question, so Tony didn’t answer.
Tony couldn’t answer Jarvis if she wanted to. The words won’t come, lying dormant in her stomach, and she can’t quite convince herself it’s safe to speak.
And because of that, every time he closed his eyes he could see Tony’s face, too pale in the dim light, could see him flinching backwards, cracking his head into the wall.
Tony pulls her blankets more tightly around her, shivering a little in a room that should’ve been the perfect temperature. She can’t sleep. She can barely breathe. Something was wrong.
Steve shifted uncomfortably and cleared his throat. “Right. So, obviously, we’re meant to be turning you in to the Registration, but this is...unprecedented. You being an Omega and all.”
“Yeah. And then, Pepper, but she doesn’t...she couldn’t handle it, the superhero thing, you know? Which I get, obviously, but. I haven’t really had anyone, since Pepper.”
Tony shrugged. “To be fair, you guys are the nicest kidnappers I’ve ever had, and no one ever exactly accused me of being sane.”
After shutting everything down and calling out a goodnight to the ‘bots, Tony made his way to the elevator.
Tony was about ready to kick some dirt over the burnt grass, put the arrow back together, and go inside. He was vulnerable in the yard.
Welthari, right? I mean, Steve here said so, but I’m not one to believe what I haven’t seen myself.”
Steve made for the stairs, darting down two, three at a time. When he slid into the narrow hallway outside the workshop, he was greeted not with the faint blue glow of the holograms forever hovering around the space, but with a solid black wall. He tried his code at the door.
Because running was a job, and it was the lesser of quite a few evils, but in the end it was still dangerous and demanding and awful.
Second chapter! I'm a bit worried about this one, because there's just so much talking, and I'm very afraid of making the characters OOC, so if you see anything glaringly bad, maybe drop a comment? I'm also worried about the logic of this in general, if everyone's motivations line up. I'm just gonna keep in mind that I wrote this whole thing in like, a month, and leave it here. Enjoy!
Tony went back to working beside them. Steve made some noise about moving to his and Bucky’s house, letting Clint and Nat have their place back. Bucky responded with something along the lines of agreement and canceled Tony’s magick as a precaution. In the other house, Tony and Bucky settled down again and Steve left to file his report with the Registration.
A few months ago Steve wouldn’t have thought an AI could sound worried, let alone tersely professional at the same time, but Jarvis managed it. And that, above everything, sent him spinning on his heels and charging down the stairs, two, three at a time. After a second, the thudding of feet overhead told him Natasha and Clint were racing down as well.
them? Bucky had been learning to get by without his arm, sure, but a prosthetic might, just maybe, help him. And Tony Stark was just...giving it to him.
Everything was a mess. They had a Welthari Omega in Clint’s house, the Registration probably wondering where four of its best trackers had disappeared to, and absolutely no clue what to do.
Tony was lead into the nearest house, whose inside was just as unassuming as the outside. The door shut too loudly behind him and he was released. Spinning around, Tony found himself face-to-face—okay, fine, chest-to-face—with Steve. Steve, who was blocking the door. Steve, who was also looking almost sheepishly down at Tony.
That was the hard part. Officially, Steve had required some more eyes for a stakeout on Stark Manor but had ruled that out as a possibility for the assignment, which would hopefully be enough to buy them a day or two.
Nat eyed Tony warily for a moment, then nodded sharply at Bucky. With another almost invisible motion, the Omega’s magick was released. Steve sighed. They weren’t going to get anywhere with Tony around, alternatively snarking and threatening them depending on his mood.
,” Tony blurted, and Steve started a little, surprised. Tony knew he was displaying his connection to Au--to
Then he was landing on the other side, Clint was whistling their signal, and they were sneaking down the street as quickly as possible without drawing suspicion. On the corner, they’d all hitched their Registration horses in case they were needed, and the four nearly identical bay horses watched impassively. Captain, with the small, white, vaguely star-shaped mark high on his forehead, lowered his head in greeting to Steve.
“Yeah, um, I don’t really get, ah, touched a whole lot,” Tony said quietly. “After, after Afghanistan, I didn’t want anyone to. You know.”
A hand reached out and found his knee, and Tony’s whole body snapped away, throwing his head into metal once more as he scrambled back, back,
Natasha took a visibly steadying breath and straightened up. “Okay. You and Steve can go back for him then, and Clint and I will be ready with the horses. Don’t cause trouble, though. We don’t need attention at the moment.”
“I can watch him and cancel the magick if he tries anything, and he’s not wrong,” Bucky shrugged, “so I figured, why not?”
Okay. Tony swallowed and glanced toward Steve, who still hadn’t moved. The elevator was too small, and he was beginning to feel claustrophobic. At least the lights were still on.
Moving to Steve’s house hadn’t accomplished very much. They’d talked in circles for an agonizingly long time before finally agreeing to wait it out and see what the world looked like in the morning. Then they’d make an official decision by noon. Almost as soon as a decision had been made Steve was left alone, with Nat going back to her assignment and Clint vanishing to God only knew where.
She kneels to look Tony in the eyes, carefully not touching her. Tony stares at the bedsheets and Steve stares at Tony, searching. Cataloging her curled up body and fists tucked under her chin, childlike.
inside of him. Something vanished, dropped out from under his feet, dissipated. Tony froze, instinctively reaching for his magick to try and form some sort of weapon from the metal scattered around him.
eager to tell me how much of a freak of nature I was. A Welthari Omega? It’s against every law of nature there is. Omegas are built to be
“I suppose some introductions are in order?” he asked. “Everyone, this is Tony Stark. Tony, this is Natasha, Clint, and, uh,” Steve hesitated, “James?”
The lights went on, and Steve glanced up to see a panel in the ceiling being opened. Clint, of all people, poked his head through.
Bucky growled lowly and flicked his wrist. Steve, familiar with Bucky’s moods, braced himself, but there was nothing that could properly prepare him for the sickening feeling of his magick vanishing. It felt like someone had torn out his insides and left him empty—he was grasping for something that simply didn’t exist anymore.
As the last words were directed upwards, clearly meant for Jarvis, Tony bit the inside of his cheek hard enough to draw blood and fought the urge to summon the armor and ask Rogers if he thought
“Shut up, all of you,” Natasha snapped. “This is still a mission, yes, but it’s also something brand new we’ve never encountered before. We should take Stark—we can figure out what we want to do from there. Bucky, do you think you can cancel his magick?”
“And I said no!” Tony snapped, attempting to shove away and swaying dangerously. “I’m not, I’m not, not gonna throw up.”
And just like that everything slammed roughly back into place and Tony staggered backwards, narrowly avoiding falling on his ass. Jesus Christ. It felt like someone had shoved a massive rock straight into his ribcage with no care at all for what got broken or nudged out of place.
So, the stuff inside the arrow was indeed an explosive, as Tony found out (safely, he hid behind a tree after he lit the fuse, he didn’t have a death wish), but it barely scorched the grass around it. So either the Registration had terrible weapons or they hadn’t actually been trying to kill him. Both seemed equally likely.
“But nothing. You’re doing more harm than good every time you try to fix things with him, Steve. Let Nat mother-hen Tony for an hour and then just...I dunno, avoid him for a couple days.”
Tony did as he was told, sticking mostly to what he’d need for the outer shell of the arm for the time being. When he finished, Bucky disappeared again and Tony thought, for a moment, that he was really just going to be left alone in the house. But his captor (was that even the right word anymore?) returned after only a few seconds.
Steve paused, tracing a finger over the arc reactor. “You’re the Iron Woman, and unlike the rest of us who owe our powers to fate or science or mentors, Iron Woman is just you. Nothing and no one else. That’s so amazing, Tony, you have no idea.”
The Omega was surrounded by shining metal and other bits and pieces Steve couldn’t hope to identify, and despite his magick was mostly working with his hands. He only seemed to be using the kinesis for convenience, not necessity.
Tony nods and promptly tries to sink directly into the depths of the earth. Steve pulls the blankets back a bit with a soft smile.
Tony looked at the runner for a long moment. He was sweating like he’d just run across the city (he had), and he looked half dead on his feet. His magick wouldn’t hold much longer.
Steve spun and only a lifetime of hiding kept Tony from flinching. His hands still jerked, wild, but Steve didn’t seem to notice. “Think I don’t see you deflecting, Stark? Always hiding behind the real heroes until it’s time for a little PR stunt, right? Howard was a thousand times better than you. No armor, no team, no nothing, and he flew a helicopter into enemy territory. You’re just a big man in a suit of armor, take that away, and what’s left? A coward.”
“Look, Cap, I’m tired, and if you want to believe in whatever god-like image of Howard Stark you worship in your head, fine,” Tony sighed, sliding down the wall until he was sitting on the floor, “cause I’m not gonna sit here and try to convince you.”
They’d solved the mystery of whether Tony really was Welthari for Clint, but now they were faced with a few tiny problems. For one, they couldn’t nullify Tony’s magick forever—Bucky simply didn’t have the stamina to hold it for more than an hour or so. For another, they were no closer to knowing what to do with the Omega. And they were fighting over those two problems while Tony sat in another room—one he couldn’t get out of without going past the four of them.
The screen scrolled down to the Related Articles section and zoomed in on one of the headlines: You Don’t Need To Be Unconscious To Get A Concussion.
Nat, to her credit, didn’t react except to grip Widow’s reins too tightly and suck in a shocked gulp of air. Clint made a choking sound and nearly fell, and Steve couldn’t blame him. Canceled magick was like the ground suddenly dropping out from under you, and no one was immune to a bit of panic at the feeling.
“I meant you don’t have to be fine all the time, and you can’t always control when you need help. Okay? I’ll always be here if you need me. No one’s perfect.”
Although technically, Steve wasn’t wrong. Tony had been building “Howard Stark’s” projects for years now. His whole life, practically.
” At the last word Steve snapped his fingers in front of Tony’s face and he flinched violently, his head slamming into the elevator wall.
Have some Bonding, Howard going away forever (yay!), our favorite spy and archer back in the thick of things (hi Nat!! hi Clint!!!) and the happy ending our poor boys deserve. This is...maybe two notches above the original ending for this fic, but it's better and longer and the best I can do without making you all wait another month. So, here!
Tony shifted, very aware of what his answer would mean. “I, uh...I don’t remember all that well, but I think, four? Something like that. Definitely when I was five and six, and then they started figuring things out, so a bunch more before I was ten, and after that I was, y’know, presenting, and….lots of things you can do, with an O.”
A terrible mix of disgust and fear rose like bile in his throat. He hit the opposite corner and curled in on himself, staring at his feet. Everything was so
Tony met her gaze steadily. “If I wanted to, I could drag the iron from your blood, and you’d be dead before you hit the ground.”
“We need to start doing something soon or all of this is going to turn into one massive waste of time,” Natasha warned. Clearly the others had started up again without Steve.
There was a pause, and then a deep, shuddering breath ran through Tony’s whole body, but he still didn’t move.
Tony did laugh, that time, sharp and manic and bitter. “Sorry to break it to ya, Capsicle, but dear old dad’s been dead for years.”
Steve laid his hand on Tony’s knee, and the reaction was instantaneous. The other man’s body stilled, and some of the tension bled from his muscles. Steve opened his mouth to say something, closed it again. He couldn’t trust himself not to shatter this.
all over the place, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. His internal organs were twisting up and vanishing, like a snake eating its own tail.
Tony can’t answer. Fuck. It’s a trick question, it’s a trap, it is good but it’s also not good enough, what does she say? If she says yes Steve might not come any closer, if she says no Steve might back off completely, might leave her, fuck fuck
A different scene pulled up a video from one of Jarvis’s cameras. Tony knew it would be the elevator even before it started playing. Thankfully, there was no audio, but Tony still flinched when his on-screen self did, and winced as his own head cracked into the steel. The video skipped ahead to the second time, but Tony waved it away before it could get started.
Right. Babbling. He should. He should not, not do that. “I...I build things? Alloykinetic, I move metal, it makes sense, um. I could try….it’d probably be easier for you—unless you
Steve was only three or four flights up the stairs when Jarvis cut through the dull echo of his footsteps.
LeapOf_Faith is still my savior who deserves cookies and hugs forever! She helped me get over writer's block here and is honestly the main reason this chapter is getting posted, because otherwise I would second-guess myself a hundred times and let it rot in the depths of my google docs. Sing her praises.
Tony winced. Steve seemed to have a sixth sense for knowing when Tony was awake, and also for knowing when she was beating herself up inside. But that didn’t mean Tony couldn’t try to throw her off the scent. She didn’t need Steve anymore, she’d had her little encouraging speech and her comfort for the next couple of weeks. She’d be fine.
“But why don’t they? Something doesn’t add up. There’s no way Howard Stark doesn’t know about this,” Steve muttered. “Maybe...maybe we should hold off on the report for another day?”
There was series of thumping and scraping noises overhead, and then the unbearable scream of metal on metal, the sensation of moving upwards. Tony grabbed at the wall, or tried to—it was all slick, smooth, steel and he couldn’t grip it. Steve’s hand moved from his knee, and for just a moment the genius felt his breath catch before the warm weight settled on his shoulder. Tony waited for his body to flinch, contract, react in some way to what was normally a trigger, but nothing. He still remembered too many heavy hands on his shoulders, could still see the handprint bruises there afterwards, and Steve Rogers’ hand should feel no different...but yet.
, there was a gaping black hole in her chest that had nothing to do with the reactor and she was cold and hot at once and she wanted to cry and she wanted Steve.
He opened his eyes and carefully maneuvered himself into a sort-of seating position, putting him at eye-level with a certain super-soldier’s chest.
It didn’t come. He was empty. He was powerless. The space where his magick lived was a gaping, bloody hole and it hurt, it
“Yeah, Stark, you call that the smartest AI in the world? Honestly, can you do anything right? Are you even listening to me?
“This mess? ‘Scuse me, that’s my girlfriend you’re talking about. She’s a mess, sure, but she’s my mess, and I’d cross the whole world for her if she needed me.”
In the end, he settled for the latter, but all his desperate kicking and clawing did nothing to stop the two strong arms from dragging him to the fence and hauling him over it into the waiting arms (arm?) of someone else. The person only had one arm wrapped around Tony’s body, but they were surprisingly strong.
All the bots were clustered in one area, and Steve pushed through the workshop towards them...and the vaguely Tony-shaped form on the floor.
Steve returned to the common floor where the others were waiting, but he’d barely stepped out of the stairwell when a knife buried itself in the wall two inches from his head.
Early update bc I forgot I'm leaving early tomorrow for a lil vacation type thing and don't wanna forget to post!! when I get back I'll hopefully have finished revamping the ending of this into something a lil better, and then we're done!!
“Sorry, sorry,” Tony blurted, holding up his hands in a gesture of surrender. “It’s just...you could totally use a prosthetic, right? I’d have thought the Registration would give you one, but y’know, I could
Tony can feel the pressure building behind her eyes and nods quickly, before the tears come. Steve climbs over and around her, settling in a firm warm line all along Tony’s back. She rubs one thumb in gentle circles on Tony’s shoulder and Tony
He’d just gotten the call that Peggy was gone, and he’d gone to the gym and killed about twenty punching bags before he realized she’d never want him to do that, if she were there. So he dragged himself away, showered and made sure he looked presentable for whoever was hanging around the Tower.
Neither Tony nor Bucky spoke for several long minutes, until a knock at the door had both of them on their feet.
“Jarvis, time,” he muttered, no longer meaning the time of day but rather the likely unholy amount of hours he’d been holed up in the ‘shop.
He’d realized, then, of course, but it was too late. Jarvis was speaking, trying to calm Tony down, and it must’ve happened before because the AI hardly seemed fazed. All Steve could do was repeat Tony’s name while Jarvis tried to tell him he was in New York, in the Tower, and he was safe.
They stayed there for about ten more minutes, and Tony never moved. Steve didn’t, either, just crouched next to him with one small point of contact tethering them together.
His magick vanished, shriveling up inside him, and Tony stumbled the last few steps to the door, flinging it open. A runner stared at him first, then at Bucky when the other man all but bowled Tony over in his rush for the door.
The two spies sprang to their assignments, Natasha vanishing in a flash and Clint helping to gently turn Tony over. Shards of glass were embedded in his skin, and the right side of his face was streaked with blood where his temple had split. Steve and Clint carefully picked out the larger shards, avoiding the minuscule slivers by mutual agreement—they were too tiny to be pulled out with large, clumsy fingers.
Steve looked unimpressed. “Properly. Eight hours at least, in your own bed, at night, the whole nine yards.”
want me to, I shouldn’t have even offered, sorry, that was just. Stupid. I’m gonna, I’m gonna stop talking now.”
, woah, balance was definitely not a thing his brain was doing. He managed to open the cabinet and pull down some aspirin and sleeping pills–at least, he thought that’s what they were, his hands were shaking and his head was pounding, and he definitely didn’t feel like trying to read the labels.
So, I hope y'all enjoyed, and if you did, comments and kudos would be GREATLY appreciated. Seriously. I check my inbox and this fic at least once a day. Please validate me so I am less likely to hurl myself directly into the sun.
“We’ll answer what questions we can once we get inside,” Steve added to Tony as he slid from his horse’s back. Before Tony could even think about running, though, he was being awkwardly pulled to the ground himself.
She’d had Jarvis wake Steve, dragged her poor girlfriend down to her room for a hug because she was that fucking pathetic, Jesus Christ. She’d really made Steve tell her how amazing and perfect she was, had cried into her chest like a helpless damsel in distress,
Steve opened his mouth to protest, then stopped. God. Tony was still building on the floor, nonchalantly fitting panels together in the vaguest shape of an arm. What kind of Omega—what kind of
you,” Tony sing-songed from the other room. “And I feel like you should know there’s usually not this much fighting between kidnappers either. Also, Steve promised me questions. And answers.”
Steve nodded and left Cap in his friends’ capable hands. Bucky did the same and they snuck back to the Manor, creeping around the outside of the fence this time to lower the chance of being spotted. As Steve had hoped, Tony was exactly where he’d left him, crouched over the arrow’s remains. He seemed to be poking at them with a small stick. Steve couldn’t worry about that—they had a job to do.
She has approximately ten seconds to pull herself together. Steve doesn’t kid around when Tony is involved.
