"Huh."
things like that. Sex, love, romance, dating… even Anna had said she was jealous of these human activities, regretted that angels couldn't experience them. Plus, Cas had explained on several occasions that angels did not
After realizing that he is truly trapped, he takes a deep breath and asks, “At least tell me who you are.”
Chills cascade down the angel’s spine as he wonders if this is it. If his love will cease to exist because of Sam’s ignorance, if Dean will finally say the things Cas has always wanted to hear.
I gave up everything, I rebelled against everything I'd ever known: for
Since it ended up being a hot day, Dean had decided to take Miracle to the river to go swimming. It seemed every day was beautiful, no matter what season.
and Cas could forgive anything if it meant keeping it that way.
“Hey… Cas-” Dean shifts in his position, so he can see his angel’s face fully. “I’ve been thinking, and—”
He feels Dean’s chest,
They haven’t talked much about the wedding. Dean knows Cas shares in his opinion that the smaller and simpler, the better. Family, friends, good food, good music. They’ve had enough drama for one lifetime.
"Uh huh. Trust me, I've had a lot of experience in the area of broken hearts and broken compasses. So don't try to hide it." She took back the napkin note and crumpled it into her apron.
—" Cas was visibly crying now, and he removed his hands from Dean's, hastily wiping away the tears as if humiliated by their presence.
This is making me super emotional right now goddamn.
the vampire hunts and the accidents and the demon possessions and— well the list could go on forever.
in the middle of a
“Cas,” Dean’s voice breaks, sounding too loud in the anxious silence. There are a thousand things he wants to say, but all he can whisper is “
Then it happens, and Cas isn’t sure whether he should feel relieved or devastated. He feels it: terror. Rolling off of Dean, striking friction through the bond, and Cas sucks in a breath, trying desperately to fill his crumpled lungs with air. Trying desperately not to fall to the floor right then and there, because now he knows the truth—
"Cas?" Sam squinted back at the trenchcoated angel. "I thought you were in heaven? I thought you were busy?"
But how many more times could he shove this away, before it became the thing he regretted instead of the thing he wanted?
"Dean? What—"
dean thought. For some reason, Cas couldn't stand to leave him alone, and dammit, Dean was grateful.
For one foolish moment, he thinks the entity had simply punched him. A hard hit, no doubt, and to the small of his back. It would hurt later. Once the adrenaline wore off. Nothing he hadn’t handled before.
Sam nods at Charlie and thrusts both arms beneath Dean’s limp body, struggling to heft his brother to his feet. “Keep your hand pressed there-” and Dean complies weakly, one hand slung over Sam’s tall shoulders, the other splayed across his abdomen.
Dean Winchester, against fate, against heaven, against God and hell and better judgement and common sense and even against death.
under his breath, and Cas reconsidered the menu. There were salads. That was obviously out, since Cas wasn't feeling particularly suicidal. There were several different sandwiches, soups, and burgers, along with fries. But Dean had always eaten those things.
But then Dean had fallen into the motel room, his bloody nose looking almost black in the dim light of the motel, and for a moment, Sam thought maybe Lee had done it. Dean smelled of beer, and Lee was almost as hot-headed as Dean, it wasn't exactly a stretch to assume they'd gotten in a fight.
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
And so Castiel was sure he had never hated an inanimate object quite so much as he hated the bell over that Gas N' Sip's door.
back into his body when he awakes. It’s yet another perfect morning, birds singing in their trees and sunlight streaming in through the windows.
In the end, it was thanks to Dean that Sammy's learning experiences could be considered as fond memories.
hey… blu here.
"I—" Cas heard more shuffling behind the door, and gave the door handle a small glare. Sam Winchester may be a great hunter, but he was certainly lacking skills in subtlety.
Dean frowned. "Man, you look like you're gonna fall off the edge of the bed. Come on—" he scooted over slightly to the right to give Cas some 'personal space.' As if the angel had ever cared about that before.
like you're the back- nope. Nope. NO—"
Still, anxiety drags on each of Dean’s breaths, pulling his excitement inwards to a darker place of insecurities and unhelpful worries, and he wonders how an activity so
"It is?" Dean innocently looks around the room, as if noticing its emptiness for the first time. "What day is it?"
"Dean?"
Cas leans in closer, swinging one leg over Dean, straddling his fiance’s lap with a gentle closeness that hints only secondarily towards sexual intentions.
It has been one entire year, since Cas made the deal to save Jack's life. Today is the anniversary of his secret sacrifice, and Jack is still the only one who knows.
“So…” Cas breathes. He sounds hopeful. He sounds beautiful. “... this is our happy ending?”
Satisfied, he grinned at Cas. "Now that, is called the
And then he saw the ring. And oh, it was worth every minute of Rufus’s company.
you. And I—"
And Sam knew, for whatever reason: this fight was different. Dean and John had gotten in plenty of arguments before, and Dean had endured far more beatings than Sam wanted to remember.
He whispers a silent prayer to the angel, one of many, many prayers he’s said today. He lost count long ago, but the pain of Castiel’s name still hasn’t faded. It hurts just to say it. Hurts even more to imagine what it must have been like—for Cas to hear those things, and know full well that hearing them would cost more than tears.
Fanfic, of course, was at the peak of his interest, but Sam thought he'd better wait until the expert arrived before falling into anything too dangerous. He knew better than most that there was no limit to the number of nuts a person could have stuffed in their skull, especially on the internet, and the idea of reading steamy scenes written by crazy strangers could definitely categorize as hazardous for his mental health. He got enough info on Dean's personal sex-life as it was, and he did
Dean tried to laugh, but it came out weaker than he'd hoped. Honestly, he hadn't been able to decipher half of what his brother had said, but even still: he'd gotten the gist.
“You know, get ourselves a real house. A home.”
here with you, with everything out in the open, and… I spent my whole goddamn life fighting this crap, fighting these—these feelings. All because of my Dad, and I’m so sorry, Cas, that I made you think your love couldn't be matched. I'm so sorry—”
What did he think? What did
And so Dean knows that this day will
There would be no more bedside watches. No more drives in the rain at night, no shoulder to hold onto, no one to protect, no one to argue with. No more odd pop-culture references, and cheap diner food, and movie nights in Deans lounge. No late morning coffee and no more worry. There would be no one left to worry about.
Cas stood up slowly out of his chair. "If the humans themselves, the most beautiful creation since the birth of God himself, are not worthy of our attention, of our protection: then what, exactly, is our purpose, Hannah? Are they not worthy of our help, even though that is precisely what we were created to be: their shepherds, their protectors? If our purpose was not to serve man, then I ask you, Hannah: why should Heaven's sole purpose be focused entirely upon an everlasting paradise, created explicitly for humanity's enjoyment? As you said before: heaven is our duty."
He looks to him. To Dean.
“It could be a safe haven. For passing hunters I mean. Like a rest stop.”
"What?"
will work, Charlie?"
Free-time meant
Cas was more confused than before, and he looked over at Dean. "What—"
Dean had only been to a movie theatre once in his life, but he remembered the feeling well. Of course, it wasn't the only thing he remembered about that day. His last day with Lee.
It would be so much easier to non-exist in a world just as blank and empty as himself, to drift about and feel
"What do you want to listen to, Cas?"
"Lee wasn't just a friend. He was more than that, I guess, he was the guy I could count on to be there, ya know? Sammy had school, and Dad was always gone, so Lee was… good for me."
Sam peered out through the side of the curtains, then back at Cas who was still standing awkwardly behind him.
“Dean…”
sorta some fluff. also some angst.
Love ya'll
The blue eyes blink, and the moment's over; Cas returned to staring at his hands, an innocent smile still lingering on the corners of his lips.
Realizing he was still wearing his jeans and boots, Dean walked to the bathroom with a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt. Usually, he slept in his clothes, sometimes even without getting under the bed covers. It saved the hassle of getting dressed if someone, or something, happened to break through their motel window in the middle of the night. And sleeping on top of the sheets had become almost habitual.
Cas remembers the first time he’d told this to Dean.
But there'd been something else, too. A kind of…
Still. The fallen angel would stand there waiting. Waiting on Dean Winchester. After betraying heaven so many times, Castiel's lonely fate was inevitable. He had given up everything, even his future. Heaven would close its doors against him, with Dean Winchester's soul bound inside, leaving behind a stronger legacy, a saved world, and one grieving angel.
Ever since the night at the motel, John had been looking at Dean differently. A subtle change that Sam couldn't quite put his finger on, but could feel nonetheless. He kept his head down. Better to pretend he didn't know. Better to leave it alone.
Cas glanced at the motel room. "What about Sam?"
But caring had its consequences. And he’d known then: this newfound emotion would become his destruction.
Cas blinked himself back into reality, and focused his vision on the film in Dean's outstretched hand.
"Okay, buddy. Your turn. Just line the pool tip up with the cue ball—that's the white one—aim at one of the solids, and hit em' like you mean it."
Charlie had been on a ridiculously long ghost hunt in the nearby county and needed a place to crash.
The thoughts built around him, but this time Dean blocked them out. This time, he slept.
hiiii blu here!!
songs, songs that your parents had
Cas’s head bumps against the headstand as he sits up, fully awake, the memories slamming back in a torrent of panic. “DEAN— where is
"Where—"
"No! Stop!" Kelly cries out from the other side of the room. Cas grits his teeth, struggling onto his elbows, staring up into Dumah's predatory gaze.
"Well…" Sam tried to act casual. "You two can go investigate the town. You know, ask the locals, look into missing persons, the usual."
----------------------------------------
But the physical pain felt so distant, so insignificant, compared to the pounding, throbbing thoughts.
Gritting his teeth, Cas stands to his full height, staring straight at the back of Dumah's vessel. It is astonishing, the
---------------------------------------------------------
Taking a breath, Dean begins to read the familiar handwriting.
He'd been… jokingly pushing the angel to try on a pair of western raw-ride boots, and Cas had finally, begrudgingly, put them on.
normal. Cas wasn't the sort of person—
"Well.." Dean stabbed his fork back into the pie, and considered. Cas was right. He hadn't realized it, really, until now, but he'd always reserved 'buddy' for Cas and Benny only.
They sat in silence for a moment, and Cas almost said something, anything, but Dean spoke first.
“I-I want you to suffer. I want you to go back to-- to your normal life and-- and then forget about this and forget about me.” The Empty’s face is so
"I just don't understand why 'pajamas' are given such special treatment, when they are the same as any other article of clothing." Cas sounded actually frustrated.
"Uh huh. Is this your roundabout way of asking for my number, you perverted guardian angel?" Dean raises one eyebrow and strums a few experimental chords. It's easier to ignore the music when he creates his own.
So Dean had been spending his weeks following Sam's orders—'
It's amazing how blue eyes can look ten times more vibrant when contrasted against reddening cheeks. "I've uh— I've seen you. Sleeping here. At night."
Dean takes a deep breath. “Why am I all wrapped up?”
Although his powers have regenerated completely, Jack prefers to save them for smaller-scale miracles: healing, occasional hunts and such, saying that ‘there’s only so much world destruction you can interfere with, before your well-intended miracles turn into irreversible damage.’ For a ten year old, Jack is wise.
Dean immediately feels his throat start to close up and his eyes begin to water. He takes it with trembling hands.
Cas was sure that if Bobby were here, he'd call Dean an idjit, and tell him to 'shut his pie-hole and listen up.' Of course, those phrases weren't exactly in continuity with
There is a softness in his dark blue stare, and the room dissolves as Dean’s lungs betray him.
Sam slams a foot on the pedal, and the bunker fades into the distance. The meter climbs, 40, 60, 70… Charlie hands them a bundle of bandages. “It won’t be enough- but it’s better than hands. Just apply pressure.” Cas nods, and Dean gasps a bit as his shirt is pulled away, exposing the puncture wound to the cool air.
“Yes, today. Right now,” Cas says.
Dean was surprised to feel… hurt. A minute before he had been furious with Sam, dreading every word, and ready to deny everything, if it meant keeping things the way they were.
He felt as if he were back in Naomi’s warehouse, watching countless Deans fall to the marble floor, bloodied and silenced by his own hands.
"When I was little- I thought love, romantic love was about red roses and expensive dinners. And then I got older, and I started thinking love was just… wanting to— y'know." He raised a suggestive eyebrow at Cas, who of course, only looked more confused.
Dean thought he could still smell the salty breeze, the repetitive, soothing rush of the crashing waves…
Dean couldn't stop sneaking glances at Cas's sun-lit profile, and he knew he'd remember forever the way the angel looked, with his trenchcoat tucked neatly in front of him. The way he was centered against the glowing glass pane, eyes relaxed, flickering quietly across the world as it blurred by, drifting in the haze of golden hour.
“Sure, I suppose.” Cas realizes that swinging his arms uselessly had to have looked stupid, even by angel standards, so he shoves them in his pockets.
The thought calmed him, only slightly, but was forgotten as he saw the same face look up from the handle of the motel door.
But how beautifully rare it is:
"Dude you can't do that. That's really creepy." Dean tries to sound indignant, but feels a grin seeping into his face anyway, which certainly won't help to maintain a Threatening and Possibly Criminally Dangerous Appearance, but the whole situation is somehow incredibly amusing.
he thinks.
The Empty strides towards Cas, satisfied in its easy victory.
A throat clearing in the background interrupts their moment.
"So how's Hannah holding up?"
Dean walked over his duffle bag in the corner, and began rifling through the contents. He never had much, just a few extra shirts, jackets, some basic toiletries, some spare holy water in a flask and of course: a pistol, just in case he couldn't get to any other weapon in time. He dug to the bottom of the bag, pulling out another pair of pants and a t-shirt. Neither were as comfortable as the ones he was currently wearing, but they'd have to do.
Cas, I'm fine."
Dean looked over to Cas, and was shaken to see how furious the angel looked. His blue eyes were squinted beneath glaring brows, head tilted downward
It seemed no matter which way they turned, they kept ending up here. No matter what choices they made, no matter what details they altered… they would always end up here.
--------------------------------------------------
"UGH SAM I'M SO HAPPY. You have NO idea how hard it's been keeping Destiel to myself all this time I mean I read the books forever ago and then I read
? Are you okay?"
"You know what, man?" Dean paused, and looked at him. "I think you're having a midlife crisis." he pointed a ketchup-doused fry at the angel.
cause that coward would be way easier to kill than
It always starts out like this. And then Cas somehow learns to breathe again, and somehow Dean is the one pinned against the table, and Cas's hands are coming forward to grip Dean's hips and yank him in closer, and that's all it takes to fuck up Dean's mind good and proper, because now he's the one forgetting how to use his hands. Hell, he’s forgotten his own name.
you how I felt, because I knew you wouldn’t want my words.”
In the back of his mind, he knew he'd probably broken at least a few fingers. He knew he wouldn't be able to grip anything for at least a week. Not without Cas here to heal him.
“I- uh—” Rufus gulps, staring down at the point of the knife. “I would love to—”
Rufus Turner isn’t the
to tell Cas this story. He ached to let someone in, after decades of closing everyone out, and Cas had been the only one ever capable of breaking down his barriers…
Dean can feel his own eyebrows raising
"I can assure you that if I
Dean remembered making it for Cas. It had been a long while ago, but he still remembered how nervous he'd been. Dean knew what it meant, what it implied, and he'd hoped Cas would understand the reference, just that once. He hadn't, of course.
Dean takes a sharp breath. A pounding heartbeat of a second passes, and the words blurt out suddenly, reckless, and rushed, and—
Dean shakes his head in fond exasperation. "Go get her, tiger. If she's as good with a blade as you keep bragging about, I wouldn’t make her wait too long."
He remembered the moment, absolute terror, when he'd seen his Dad round the corner. He'd been so shocked at first, he almost hadn't recognized him until Lee had stood up and said "Hello sir," and then the scene had set in, and he remembered the beer bottles on the ground, and his Dad's face, and for one, idiotic moment, he thought maybe his Dad was angry about the beer. Maybe he hadn't noticed how mussed their hair was and maybe he didn't look as flushed as he felt, and maybe his Dad wouldn't care anyway.
A bartender with black waves looped into a messy bun carefully walked over to his spot at the counter, balancing a shot-tray, each small glass filled to the brim. There were only six glasses in total, and Dean had
Cas tapped his fingers on the door to the beat of the song that had just come on the radio. He nodded at Dean, assured in at least their friendship. "I would love to go to lunch with you."
“Cas,” Dean breathes, his eyes wide and glassy. He looks scared. “I can’t breathe- I need- talk to me-”
(See the end of the chapter for
gracing the dying man’s face… as if he’s okay with
Dean thinks.
Dean managed to sink three stripes before the fourth reflected off a corner instead of dropping into the pocket. Shrugging, Dean stood upright and faced Cas, who, he flushed to realize, had been watching his movement with the focus and intensity of a predator memorizing their prey's habits. Maybe Cas was taking the game a
“Hey, buddy! What’s up?” Dean shoots Jack a sunny grin. “And you must be Atlas! Awesome to finally see you.” he envelopes both of them in a hug.
He was glad he had taken that year with Lisa and Ben. But mostly, because it had shown him that the suburban family life truly wasn't his to live. It didn't
vamp hunt in the local area, and we decided to drop in for a visit. Obviously, Jack was the only one here, so, we met, and—"
"It's not the bunker I'm worried about," Dean pushed. "Jack's mojo still hasn't fully recharged. And we still aren't sure which sigils are intact and which ones are freaking finger-painting leftovers!" Dean jabbed a finger at Sam's chest. "And I'm not a—a
Or as Chuck, God himself, had called him: “The angel with a crack in his chest!”
“D’you, wanna, practice? Or somethin’?” a pink tinge dusts Dean’s freckles.
Dean tilts his head and deepens the kiss, wetting Cas's bottom lip with his tongue. It doesn't take much to make his newly-humanized angel fall apart, but for Dean, it's never too soon to hear—
No way.
He had sent Jack and the girls back to Jody's house temporarily, so his investigation could go uninterrupted, but after almost an hour of searching the bunker, still nothing. Dean must have hidden them someplace seriously private.
. Has a nice ring to it, actually." Dean imagined the trenchcoated angel strolling around neighborhoods giving out bluntly honest compliments to toddlers and old men and goth teenagers.
"I should never have interfered."
"It's making fun of each other and getting in fights that- that I'll never forgive myself for, no matter what you say, because I
This time, Cas honestly wondered if Chris was going to have a psychotic breakdown. The teenager blinked at him for a few moments, then wandered off through the back door without saying a word. Cas frowned after him. He thought his order had been relatively simple.
Cas’s head hits the black coldness once again, his last thought of Dean, still alone in that motel room, right where he’d left him.
He ripped off the sheets, throwing them to the floor.
He stared angrily at Sam, shocked to the core.
And yet, after an hour of searching, Sam still had nothing to show for it.
Their importance unravels little by little, and all that matters is right here in front of him, and he feels safe, and he feels
That's how Dean felt. There was no way he could ever express his truth in real words, no way he could abandon the safety of his cover, and if Cas didn't understand, or didn't want to understand…
He breathes a heavy, bitter breath.
Maybe he could pretend he was still drifting in darkness, in undemanding, unconditional unconsciousness. So unlike the day, with all its consequences. Sleep had been freeing, the darkness claiming everything and everyone, and in its quiet muffling stillness, Dean had almost been able to forget.
Dean tilts his head to one side listening to the thought, letting it become him.
An ugly-ass beige van rolls up, and Dean sputters incredulously. “We’re going to the bunker in
It was after Cas died, that Dean knew how it felt to be a ghost. Chasing his past, fighting for one chance to say all the things he'd never said, all the things he'd put off for another day.
@jupiticas
Dean grips the trenchcoat to his face, breathing in the familiar scent, the feel of the silky material. His hands shake, and he stifles a sob, drawing his knees in closer to his body.
guardian angel, who probably draws me while I'm sleeping. Therefore: perverted," he grins, ignoring Janitor Boy's half-sentences of disagreement. "Am I right or am I right?"
"But we won't
But a fallen angel, who had defied heaven… left alone without the man he'd fallen for… he would have been stuck in a place he didn't belong, surrounded by other places he couldn't go back to, because his one anchor had slipped away.
Peace out and still beautiful, still dean winchester <3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
You're lucky he didn't kill you."
But if he was being honest with himself,
“Dean, I don’t know how to knock.”
So for weeks, Dean has tried. But his words still come out shallow and childish, and there are times he thinks he could hold demon smoke better than he could hold an honest conversation.
Cas pulls up every memory he thinks of, and grips them tightly, trying to remember so that he won't forget.
Sam pushed his chair back, and stood up to relieve his cramping knees, wincing at their stiffness.
at least. Not even a pillow was given to the fallen angel, when he had given
Luckily, the nearest Blockbuster had been closer to the motel than Dean had expected, and so the drive only took about 15 minutes. But he knew he'd remember every second of it.
Red, the fading color of his heart falling to his knees, the stains on the door, the spots in his vision, the heat of battles, the color that threatens, that whispers to
Dean knew that even if Cas
, he’d called himself then, a replacement for the name he hadn’t been able to remember.
---------------------------------
Sunlight streams through the open living room windows, leaving everything in a bright yellow glow. Particles of dust swirl in the beams.
"Sam! Open up!" There was a sudden onslaught of frantic pounding on the bunker door, accompanied by excited bursts of shouting, and he knew it was Charlie.
Jack frowns as if offended. “It is not a ‘thing’. It is a salad. And it’s the best snack I’ve ever eaten. Besides the chili pepper mango slices.”
She unfolds them, and starts to read the typed words.
was lying.
let himself be happy. He is already on the verge.
Dean remembered all the times Cas had left him, died for him, and more than that he remembered all the months after. How many times he'd stared at himself in the bathroom mirror, seeing Cas's face streaked with black veins, stumbling into that lake, Cas's face bloody and torn, beaten by his own corrupt hands.
Clearing his throat, Dean decides to go the honest route. It'll come out sooner or later. Might as well get it over with. "Um- yeah. We are actually."
Luckily, the angel didn't have to wait long. Which was good, because his anxiety was quickly turning to fear and a strong desire to leave. It reminded him of the time Dean took him to that brothel. He remembered Dean sitting across from him, grinning, absurdly amused by the angel's horror.
“I’m going to open a rift, like we did for the alternate universe world. Dean, you’re going to pray to Cas with the most powerful words you can think of. The rift
A part of himself wonders if Cas will ever get tired of being the only one dishing out compliments and adoring statements. If maybe one day, Cas will resent him for never doing more.
Sam makes a loud shushing noise and she falls quiet. Sam puts the phone on speaker. Dean continues, voice wet.
Dean grimaced at the third oddity on the table, which was, essentially, fried glands disguised with an appetizing name. "Well, can't back out now." He reached inside the container and pulled out one of the smaller greasy hunks.
“And—and then, when you finally give yourself permission to be happy… and let the sun shine on your face…
They say that when you love someone, their face becomes yours.
Cas frowned.
Careful what ya wish for: this one is painful *evil laugh*
When Cas spoke, Dean couldn't see his face, but the words sounded cold, forced. Distant. "I think that would be best."
Nora never asked where he came from, and her lack of nosy questions was at least one thing Cas could be grateful for, because he wouldn't have known how to answer her.
“-we’ll always worry. About that stuff, I mean. It won’t go away. And- and I think Buttercup and Wesley will worry too, y’know? Ain’t like they killed Prince Humperdink either. I mean— they
Giving him an exasperated glare, Cas retorted "First of all: I already knew your deepest secret. And second: I am not lying, or exaggerating. My life was truly dull. I was a soldier, born to follow blindly the will of heaven."
Dean frowned, a forkful of pie halfway to his mouth. Cas looked very serious about this, but he always looked serious about everything.
So as long as Castiel kept his fallen secret, the end would never come.
To make up for this chapter being LONG overdue, it is also... very long.
Dean would know. He's had his fair share of cheap compliments.
"…I’m hoping you can keep being the good in my life."
Somehow, Dean slept. He fell quickly and dreamlessly, and with each missed heartbeat, each shortened breath, came emptiness from within, cascading through his body in dreamless, invasive unconsciousness.
It was astonishing, really, how loud a half-broken typewriter could be, especially after listening to it for 4 hours straight because the idiot manning the machine decided to type out every damned word he could remember.
"So… what?" Playing dumb may not be the most
Cas's voice was raw. "I.. Wish that I could, Sam. Especially for—but I can't abandon my duty. Perhaps I will be able to visit. Nothing more."
Yes, it is the color of the blood he hadn’t been able to remove from his jacket.
Dean can still hear their words when he closes his eyes and remembers.
“Huh. Yeah, I mean- I would have appreciated that sort of thing. When I was hunting.”
Sam listened intently for a moment, then rolled forward in his chair until he was able to press his ear to the damp bathroom door… an eager smile spread. The matchmaker was in. The stage was set. Maybe it seemed too easy, but Sam didn't care. He was sick of waiting for them to make the first move.
Charlie, in a stroke of genius inspiration, had given them an early wedding present just a few days ago. Legal papers didn’t exactly count as a
"What?" Dean stood in the doorway, stone cold. Cas met Dean's eyes, apologies written in his expression. Dean understood there would be no negotiating.
your cracks and imperfections, I see them, and I love them too,” Cas breathes out, trailing a kiss across Dean’s jawline, and there seems to be no rush, as if they have all the time in the world to speak their truths: and Dean realizes, then:
Dean said waspishly, "I thought you said your girlfriend needed you
"I did not think this through," Dean muttered under his breath, and wiped his sweaty palms on his jeans.
Cas's face always looked beautiful. But Dean almost wished the sunset had lasted a little longer, just so he could see the angel arrayed in golden light. Just one more time.
He knew he was tired. Tired of using the same cheap pick up lines on lonely drifters. Tired of bringing strangers into his motel room. Tired of
"Fine, man. Whatever."
Sam frowned, wondering if God could get drunk. Must've been, because nobody sober could come up with a title like that. He pressed Control-F once again, searching up Castiel, and scrolling past the sections with Uriel, until he came upon a paragraph relaying a conversation between Cas and Dean.
Eventually, the phrase changed, though.
There is only Charlie, who gave all she could, who was there for him, by his side, when Sam had pulled Dean from the room, when he’d been left waiting in darkness: the red-headed girl had been there, with all her kindness and soft touches.
He felt as if he could stand there all day, towel wrapped around his waist, alone in the motel room, and just wallow in the emptiness, the
The call ends with a static click, and Dean is left standing in the kitchen, cell phone in hand.
The maid had eventually left, giving up. It didn't matter.
Dean averted his eyes forcefully, and pointed to the chair where he had thrown his own jackets earlier. "You uh—" he cleared his throat, trying again. "You can put your coat there. If you want. For tonight."
It wasn't long before he stumbled across mentions of something called…
Sighing, Cas peered out the window at a smiling couple walking back towards their car. "Of course I am not against homosexuality. Or any sexuality, for that matter."
Dean shakes his head looking at the two of them.
“How do I know you’re in love with Mr. Winchester?” The Empty’s curls bounce as it leans down towards Cas’s huddled form.
Dean scoffs. "No way, dude. I disabled the security cameras. All of em."
It felt as a fire was smoldering within his brain, baking his thoughts and words until he wondered if he would actually be able to form a coherent sentence.
Cas slowly makes his way onto the second seat, holding Dean’s sides for stability, legs awkwardly positioned on the pavement. Dean’s body is warm beneath his hands, and he realizes the last time he’d held Dean this close, the hunter had been a demon.
--------------------------------------------------------
"I am not playing a game," Cas insisted, squinting at the teenager. "Once again, I assure you I am being serious."
no one else. He'd
was the truth. Hunters didn't get husbands. Peace. Family. Homes.
Just my luck that the name sounds so perfect.
He knew Cas didn't sleep, so he had to be quiet, had to be still. He'd already given Cas enough to worry about.
"Cas… I never thought- I never thought good things could happen to me. But
anyway, as always, we love your comments sm<3<3<3
Cas finally reaches the rift after what seems like a millenia, Dean in his mind the whole time.
So that didn't happen...
And maybe that's why it felt so wrong to expose that side, because in his experience, change wasn't much of a good thing, and right now, Cas being here was the only thing that felt right, the only thing that felt normal.
Cas smiled inwardly. He'd known Dean would choose that one: it was the only Western film among the three. And if Cas knew anything about his best friend, it was his taste in genres. "Tombstone, it is," he nodded.
Not so long as he could spend his day seeing everything, and loving everything and saving everything…
Dean and Cas moved to Vermont and opened a B&B: serving as a rest stop for hunters and civilians alike. It’s a large airy light-blue house with tall windows and oak trees and big lawns surrounding it. Cas has a vegetable and herb garden in the back, with an orchard beyond. They have guinea pigs, and chickens, and Dean is constantly catching his dorky husband having one-sided conversations with the feathered things while collecting the morning eggs.
Besides, he could've guessed most of the items on the list even before reading Chuck's books. Sometimes it seemed he knew Dean better than he knew himself, and as for Cas….the guy's love was the most deliberately obvious of the two, and it didn't take a genius to narrow down the reasons for his lack of confession.
but just try it, okay? You might like it." Dean flashed a crooked grin.
stop,
The first 20 minutes of the movie were awkward, Dean kept glancing over at Cas to see the angel's reactions. Of course, he needn't have worried, showing his favorite movie to someone who'd never watched it before, because it wasn't just
—his hands folded in his lap. Dean had to say something.
“Why did the goddamn witch have to set up murder base in a city with over
in his abdomen, and a horrible sensation, like ice being mixed with his insides. There’s a white-hot glimmer of blue light, trailing in tendrils through the air… a scream of fury, and suddenly he’s being dragged by strong hands, his shoulders gripped tightly.
“Because today: this is what you look like.” Another dragging touch of warm lips, only lower, and the touch makes Dean shiver.
It was exhausting at best, and completely infuriating at worst. If those two ever
Cas smiles fondly at the nephilim boy sitting across from him, devouring the burger almost as quickly as Dean. Apparently, Dean's eating habits had rubbed off on Jack.
Sam gestures helplessly at the phone and then out the door. "It's a skype call— I have to get to my computer—"
do it?" Sam retorted, feeling rather defensive, even though he knew she was right. Charlie was always right. It happened to be both her best, and most frustrating quality.
So uhm,,,, it's the end.
So he waited. Living out the
Grudgingly, Sam lifted himself from his chair and set fire to the sigil's ring, murmuring whispers under his breath. The mark flared, then sizzled into itself, leaving a charred scorch mark on the carpet.
Dean freezes as Cas looks up from stirring his coffee, swiping the spoon along his tongue and raising an eyebrow at Dean's stupefied expression.
"I apologize for my late arrival. I happened upon a rare type of bee and couldn't resist…" Cas noticed neither of the Winchester's were paying much attention to his riveting encounter, so he dropped the subject. "Is there anything I can do to help with the investigation?"
case. There was, however, a different problem that he would very much like to crack, and to do that, he needed to visit the bunker.
Dean looks offended. “Cas, c’mon, it’s the kid’s birthday. He deserves some extra treats. Two year old birthdays only come once!”
A Winchester birthday.
This time the silence felt more painful than embarrassing. Neither of them knew what to say, but when Dean spoke next, his words were both curious, and spiteful.
Dean hadn't asked for anything specific, other than pie, which was good, because Cas wanted to surprise him. Dean had had enough burgers for two men's lifetimes, and it was about time he try something new.
Sam shrugged at his laptop sitting on the desk. "I've already done a bit of research while Dean was hogging the shower," Dean flashed him a bitch-face. "But since I only have one laptop and a few random books that don't seem to have any helpful information on 'white-masked vampire slave-owners slash mentors,' I'm going to have to go back to the bunker. See if we have anything."
Dean stared down at the place where the lamp had been, ashamed of the obvious red swelling around his eyes. Cas was trying to help him, trying to see what was wrong, trying to fix it.
Sam arrived 20 minutes later with cheap burgers and (thank god) a slice of apple pie. Dean grabbed the food eagerly, and Sam grimaced at the TV. "Honeybees? Really?"
His eyes stayed closed. His fist curled blindly around the corner of the blanket, holding, gripping. His eyelids fluttered, instinctively desiring wakefulness, desiring
Castiel was created flawed.
Dean holds on tighter. "I’m sorry it took me till now to say it."
Their smile, however many wrinkles it creates, has been there in every unforgettable moment of your simultaneous existence together. It has been the thing that made you realize you were happy.
"Fine." Sam muttered. "I'll call him,"
Cas gave his best smile back, but it felt forced and he wondered if Dean could tell. He was glad Dean's forgiveness could so often be achieved through the simple language of food, that their friendship had survived, and was on the way towards healing.
Rolling his eyes, Sam punched Dean in the arm, and climbed into the front seat. "Jerk."
Dean breathes.
, and
A small flare of emotion, sometimes anger at his brother. Sometimes cheerful happiness, usually over some sort of food. Sometimes Cas would feel the needles of Dean's despair, in the middle of the night, and he knew that Dean was awake. Then the sadness would fade into a numbing weakened version of itself, static and incomprehensible, and Cas knew Dean had drunk himself to sleep.
Dean held back a grin, suddenly reminded of a conversation he'd had with Cas a few months ago.
“I’ll explain better when Dean gets here.” As soon as the words leave Jack’s mouth, he snaps his fingers, and Dean appears curled up in a chair, eyes red, arms clutching a beige trench coat to his chest.
"No way." Dean unfolds himself from Cas's body and searches Cas's face for any sign of a joke. "All of them? Seriously? Dude, that's like—"
And maybe that’s the way it was in movies: the heroes are given crescendos and last words and beautiful goodbyes.
"And you like cowboys."
them but—"
Dean raised a finger, but didn't finish his sentence before Sam interrupted with a huff. "Yes, I'll get you some pie."
They’re squished together on Dean’s bed, computer screen on each of their connecting knees. Cas can feel the warmth of the other man like a searing flame.
"I'm sorry Dean. I am. I had my reasons."
Sam took a breath, and sat down in his rolling desk chair, staring pointedly.
specifically, his own very colorful messes.
Sam considered his answer. Neither of them
But maybe today was the day.
“No-” Dean winces, “Cas, you don’t have to apologize for something like that-”
taste like buttered popcorn.
were exactly. He wasn't sure he even
“Mmh?” Charlie enters, rubbing her eye with the heel of her palm. “Is that pie I smell?”
Cas was frantically glancing around the room, as if terrified something would pop out from under the mini table.
But it is also the color of Dean’s pulse as Cas steals the rest of his sentence with a wordless sound that sighs of blue ocean waves, a beautiful rhythm.
So Cas smiled softly, and spoke before Dean had to struggle any longer. "You don't need to say anything. I just want you to know that I will always forgive you. That's all. Now—" He pushed himself into an upright standing position, checking the time on his phone. "I'm going to get us some food, and you are going to set up the movies, because motel television remotes are one piece of technology I have yet to fully comprehend."
he whispers as his head falls backwards, the cold air wafting into the cut on his throat. It feels far too icy.
But I didn't do it alone, after all.
Dean muses, closing his eyes, letting contentment seep in.
"Dean you've already said sorry about Meg. There was no need for the first apology, and there is certainly no need for a second." He paused, realizing his words may not be helpful in way of encouraging further sincerity from Dean. This was rare. He should listen.
'HELLO.'
After a minute or two, Sam pulled out his phone and found the number. He had a quick call to make.
“Yeah. I guess— why all the questions, Cas?” Dean chuckles, pulling slightly away from his angel’s warm body. Cas’s face looks stonier than it should.
“Heh. Well… I imagine Wesley took a vacation to heal up,” Dean muses. “Dude went through quite the ordeal from being mostly dead all day.”
Dean raises a skeptical eyebrow, and Cas rolls his eyes in defeat. "Alright, fine. I know when he's joking
This is Cas’s scared voice. No,
—that he should attach himself to.
"Dean, I told you: this case is weird, man. There's not much on the web, and I think I saw something a few months back that could help, but it was at the bunker, and I can't explain where I saw it, I just know what it looks like."
Even in the low light, Dean is aware Cas is nervous.
Silvery fog clouds Dean’s vision, tiny whispers belonging to long shadows surrounding him. Then all the sudden, a figure steps out of the smoke. It’s a man, but also not; his colors are desaturated, the most likely tan of his trenchcoat is pale and see through, as is the rest of his body. The one thing that is in perfect focus is the eyes.
“Sammy, something’s wrong,” Dean says when the ringing is finally replaced by the sleepy tone of his brother.
“—it's mostly me. I never thought- I didn't
“So? Still the cutest.” Dean shrugs as he hauls a suitcase out of the trunk. “Jesus, I’m getting old, can’t even lift a fucking
Blue eyes meet his. "I am Castiel Novak."
--------------------------------------------------------
Cas closed his eyes, then slowly opened them again, shoulders shaking from some inner struggle Dean wished he could understand, wished he could fix. "Yes." A resigned whisper, barely audible.
But he wouldn't touch his brother, not for days after.
Castiel took another, stronger breath and pulled himself up from the bench, vanishing immediately and without a single thought of hesitation, the sudden
Holding a hand to Dean’s shoulder, Cas steps closer until their chests are only inches away.
“Well—you had to have known you were setting yourself up for a pathetic ending, Castiel. Dean may have
Cas to see through him, see through the innuendos and the blatant references and the crude jokes, because if
He shoved the thoughts away, and rapped a knuckle against Hannah's door, exactly as Dean had taught him just a week ago.
In one sweeping motion, Jack pushes himself off the floor and lunges at the entity. Cas doesn’t even have time to shout a warning, to tell Jack to run, that it is pointless to try to fight, before the Empty spins around, seizing Jack by the throat and lifting him off the floor.
----------------------------------------------------------
“Cas! I’ve missed you so much!” Jack buries his face in his dad’s neck. “Atlas, this is one of my dads, Castiel. My other one, Dean, is over there.”
couldn't have burned down the bunker all on his own, but with those two?" he snorted. "Your daughter's a handful, Cas."
Dean slid into the front seat, and Cas met his eyes. "So.." Dean didn’t know how to begin. "Uh, maybe I should put up the window shield, it's really bright, with the sun and the flare and—"
If you also are annoyed by AO3's deletion of your italicized words, here is how you do it:
“-it’s just— I don’t have the materials.”
“Dean?”
Dean Winchester, are terrible at proposals.”
“Hey, Dean. Glad to see you’re awake. I suppose Clarence here must have woken you up,” Liv raises a sharp, accusatory eyebrow in Cas’s direction.
They'd driven to a parking lot, and the only thing that kept Dean sane was the thought of his brother's face being bruised by the same fists, and maybe if Dean just shut up and took the pain then Sam wouldn't have to. Course, John never told Sam the real reason for Dean's beating. He'd just always said it was because Dean had left his brother alone. As if he himself hadn't just been away for a week straight, leaving his sons to fend for themselves.
Its smile is chilling on its featureless, black face. Dean is disturbed to notice it seems awfully calm, as if it truly believes what it's saying, as if convincing Castiel will take nothing more than a few well-chosen words.
Dean puts his feet on his pedals and starts to turn, causing Cas’s to spin too. He starts off slow, then goes steadily faster. Cas can feel Dean’s muscles under his shirt.
When he stepped out of the bathroom, Cas had laid out the food on their tiny dining table.
The hunter goes quiet. “Yeah, it’s also been two years since she died, huh?” Cas nods. “Well, we’ll light a candle in honor of her, okay?”
Dean smiled softly, and turned the keys in the ignition, the Chevy Impala purring to life. "You want to go out to lunch before hitting the books?"
Of course—the nurse hadn’t been lying. Dean is sleeping, peacefully stretched out on the white hospital bed, and as Castiel steps closer, he can see the morning sunlight casting Dean’s eyelashes and hair in gold warmth. He looks peaceful, and Cas’s lips curve upwards, a soft sigh of relief escaping from between them.
How many, Cas." Dean dreaded the answer, knowing it would become yet another bullet-point on the long list of things weighing on his conscience.
Besides, he didn't feel like it. A statement which, he was sure, would get Sam running for a thermometer, a healer and every curse-breaking book they owned. But it was the truth. Suddenly Dean felt as if he hadn't moved in years, had just been sitting there with the hurt, hunched over on the cold wood counter top in the dim light, just waiting for something.
“Alrighty, now put your feet on the pedals.” Dean turns his head to look at Cas better. “Good. I’m gonna start moving, okay?” Cas nods. “Here we go—”
In a panic, Dean checked under the pillow for a note, for
“Dean I just—” he swallows. A soft breath. “I want to be sure that after everything
"Heh." Dean shook his head, and began searching through a new bin labeled 'Adult films.'
The one he-
She steps slightly closer. “My name is Naomi. After Jack became God, he brought all us angels back from the Empty to patrol Heaven, and we all reverted back to our original places. You probably don’t know what the hell I’m talking about. But in any case, Jackie-boy is off the grid, so I’m sure he won’t mind me making sure you stay as innocent and happy as I can make you.”
He waved a hand at the pool table, meaning 'try again,' and the angel adjusted his form to match the hunter's.
mattresses, checked the table, the bathroom, the window, the floor.
the ruthless, insatiable yearning beneath his chest, to hear Cas make those sounds again, to lick them out of his angel's mouth, to make it so good that Cas can't remember the empty, or the scars, or the coldness of the world.
even in his mind the thoughts are a cheap summary, for words will never suffice when you are trying to explain the infinite.
"You are wrong." A perfectly deadpanned tone to such a witty response. Almost blasphemous.
The other ring, surly black, and symbolizing the two things Cas has always wanted more than anything.
, it is entirely Cas's fault.
There is
Dean had heard that line once, in a song.
"Would it be too soon to say you sing like an angel?" Dean jokes, stepping fully into the room, and Cas turns around with surprise.
“So…” Dean smirks, sitting back in the bed. “What were some of the other nicknames you were thinking up, huh?”
He could have taken a small space in the bunker, no one would have noticed, he didn't even need a room, just a blanket and a pillow would have been enough. It would have been better that what he'd ended up with.
AND as an EXTRA apology, chapter 22 will be out very very soon. (ALSO: I know this chapter isn't the movie night chapter. I got a bit carried away with Sam and Charlie's pov. Chapter 22 is already half finished, and it will DEFINITELY be the movie night chapter, so.... YAY.
had been wearing the boots. At least, that's what he'd told himself.
Afterwards, Dean remembered, Cas had stood there like an awkward teenager being forced to wear a tuxedo, the bottoms of his pants tucked sloppily into the boots, much to Dean's amusement. And it was then, in that moment, that Dean had almost kissed him.
Cas!" Dean jabs a finger in the angel's direction, and Cas can make out the beginnings of tears in those green eyes.
"Dean…I want you to know." The words felt loud in the static quiet of the rental shop, and Dean looked up. "These past couple of days, the time we've spent together... it means very much to me. Thank you for letting me stay."
It seems only to bring loneliness, alleviated until death by the company of amber liquid in glass bottles and a less frequent, but very welcome guest called
"Dude. I just spilled my, my
attributes as human relationships. Even the name…
There's a shuffling of blankets. A low murmur. “
Although he did miss observing Dean's quickness of thought. The speed at which the hunter was able to construct believable excuses and facts, it was truly remarkable.
"Oh. Sam. Where is Dean?"
Dean could feel a freezing, aching throb beginning to build in his hands. The morning air was cold and unpleasant against his freshly opened gashes. But he'd punched a door before. It was nothing new.
That much is obvious. And far, far too broad a selection.
It's a bit too nerve-racking for Dean's liking. A song blinks in and out of Dean's thoughts, changing, morphing, a playlist on shuffle, but none of them seem to be a match for this new person. For some reason 'Bohemian Rhapsody' starts playing in the back of his conscience.
FINALLY! Got a bit of writer's block for a while there, but I'm BACK biTCHES! (I think this fic is going to be longer than 30 chapters)
He walked over to the shattered lamp and the unmade beds, almost grateful for the messes he'd created. At least it would give him something to do.
"Well. Thanks, man, for listening." He meant it. He wanted to say more, but what was the point, when Cas always seemed to understand perfectly.
After the burger is finished, the dish disappears, surely back in its cupboard.
“Generally, yeah,” Dean deadpans, and Rufus snorts.
“Yeah whatever, jerk. Oh and—” Sam raises his voice as Dean walks away. “Tell Cas to keep his shouting to a minimum next time. Even Eileen would’ve been able to hear that, and that’s saying something.”
“Oof!” Miracle collided with Dean’s legs, sending him into the perfect-temperature water. At least his knees don’t pain him, as they did when he was on Earth.
But the biggest one?
"You know." Cas scratched his head, almost awkwardly. "
Dean could get used to
"Sorry, Cas- uh," Dean shifts, then awkwardly leans forward and plants a lingering kiss on Cas's cheek. "You want more coffee?"
“Uh—” Dean squints into the bowl, trying desperately to swallow the lingering tastes. “Wait- is that- popcorn?”
Cas had been trying to tune out of the bond during the drive back to the motel, but it was very difficult. They'd only been in the car for about 9 minutes, but Dean's thoughts had managed to escalate from nervous-anxiety to a full out panic attack. Cas worried that it had something to do with his reaction back at the movie store.
Cas slams back-first into the kitchen cupboards, thrown off his feet by the cosmic entity possessing Dumah's vessel. The force of the impact would have knocked any human unconscious, but Cas is no human. The blow is enough, however, enough to keep him grounded for a few seconds.
"Cas. We've talked about this. Personal space."
called
Dean laughs. “Eileen’s a big girl, she’s got this.”
Dean nodded, shifting onto the side of the bed so as to face Cas's chair. "Sure, buddy. Everything you say is odd anyway, so shoot."
Dean had never been one for words, but Cas didn't need words to know the hunter's emotions, for his truest stories were never the ones spoken by ink or tongue, but the ones Cas read in his eyes.
“And when you stayed!” The empty laughs again, and Dean feels a strong urge to punch the slimy being’s head until it becomes
“Same with the Inigo guy,” Dean shuffles a bit, closing the screen and sending the room into blackness.
"We were sixteen. I'd known him for a couple months, and I told him I'd never been to the movies before. Dad was out on a hunt, said he'd be back late at night, and it was a weekend, so I figured he'd be getting wasted.
in a motel room. The thrill of hot sex with a willing, pretty girl had always been a distraction, rarely anything more. Lisa, of course, had been one of two exceptions, but if he was being honest with himself, Lisa, Ben, that 'apple-pie' life… the only reason he'd tried it was because he'd promised Sam. Hell, it had been Sam's dying wish. And Dean wasn't anything if not respectful of dying wishes.
“That sounds wonderful, Dean.”
and ALSO: yes, the salad is in fact, Blu's creation. They are a very talented and creative cook, and I only tease them about this salad because... well you'll see. But seriously: Blu, I tease ya because you're absolutely the best person ever, and I love every conversation we have. So thank you for making me laugh. I promise the next concoction you send to me will receive less teasing.... maybe. depends on what you make <3
"It's okay, Cas—" Dean interrupts with a forced smile. "I'm okay. Just— thinking."
"But they stopped me. Of course."
Boo-yah, bitches. CHAPTER 16 = FINISHED!
And if Charlie was referring to what he
Dean almost said nothing, drowned in contented relief. Cas would be here again tomorrow. But he caught himself before the moment passed, hurrying to come up with a suitable response.
“I’m so sorry.”
"Oh." Cas's eyes flickered down to his coat, and he rubbed his neck sheepishly. "I know, I just—I prefer to keep it with me. If anyone happened to break into your car, I wouldn't want it stolen."
"Sammy was… always arguing with dad. And Dad would argue back. And I would be the one in the middle. So of course, I'd have to pick a side, and most often I tried to be the peace-maker, but those two were like the most violent episode of Family Feud ever."
And then, on that fateful day of September 2008, Castiel pulled a tortured soul from Hell, and from its bloody, shriveled existence, he rebuilt the man who would eventually become his family: the damaged, broken, beautiful human who taught an angel how to care.
“-I’m not, Cas, I—”
“I mean- “ Dean slides the plate into Cas’s waiting hands and leans forward on the countertop. “-we can still do the occasional job here and there—”
also, pain is evident. just fyi ;)))
She squints suspiciously, then puts her hands on her hips, raising one sharp eyebrow. “Do I have to use my mom-voice, Sam Winchester?”
to do that, right?"
"Sunk?"
Slowing, Cas realized he truly had no place to go. He could join Jack and the girls at the bunker, but Claire had always been slightly uncomfortable around his presence—understandable, considering their situation, and his appearance.
They grabbed the nearest table they could find, smack in the center of the room and draped with a blue and white plaid tablecloth. Dean slipped off his cargo jacket, revealing a pink and blue flannel. He never wore it around Sam anymore, after his younger brother had made a joking, but not unkind, comment about it being 'kinda a chick color," but Cas was different. The angel didn't seem to care much for clothes, as shown in his nonexistent change of apparel over the years.
He can also feel the Californian ocean wind whipping his hair, and hear the other people enjoying the nice day. He starts to smile, hearing Dean’s whoop of pleasure, then stops, remembering what could happen. He suddenly feels sick.
But he only nodded, swallowing. "I apologize… it feels like—" a shaky breath, "much longer."
Castiel’s list was harder, because Sam definitely didn’t know the guy as well as Dean did. Plus, Chuck seemed to focus primarily on the Winchesters' perspectives, so there weren't many chapters depicted from Cas's point of view. Still, it became obvious after a while that Cas's list was going to look
Cas had never cared before, what happened to himself. His purpose, his existence, had centered around protecting Dean Winchester, and if he died in his mission, at least Dean would be saved.
(Idk how to write warnings. I hope this gets the point across ahah.... you can blame John Winchester)
And now, Dean remembers: there had been a strange wound on Cas’s throat; he’d lain in the backseat, staring up at that bloody gash. Wondering why it had been there. Wondering what Cas had done.
Jack moved to New York City, became an artist, and met a kid named Atlas. They’ve been dating for about a year, and are flying up, then getting a ride with Sam’s family.
Then, without looking back, he stepped towards the motel door with stiff strides.
Blatant homophobia
Hello our dear readers!
” Dean repeated with a laugh. “Seriously. I’m not on a hunt or anything. It’s just, it’s a surprise. You’ll see.”
And then a sharp pulling,
When Cas spoke, shadowed eyes still pulling him in, Dean almost didn't hear the words.
“Hey! You too!” the short redhead smiles widely. She points to the pie. “Did you make this? It smells
He lays his hand on the same spot he had twelve years prior, remembering how he immediately knew Dean was special.
"Kissing a demon," Dean replied casually, as if it were incredibly commonplace to kiss the spawn of Hell. Cas considered for a moment, remembering.
He felt like he needed to say something else. Of course he trusted Sam, that wasn't the problem. It was just…"I guess sometimes, a secret's been a secret for so long, it just doesn't seem important anymore, ya know?" Dean shrugged. "No need to dredge up the past."
"Why would I hope to die?"
"I wouldn't be so sure about that," Dean grumbles into the phone, and Jody snorts.
He bites his lip in an attempt at a straight face, and turns back around with two full coffee mugs in hand. It’s a surprise, however: Sam’s face. No teasing smirk. Just…
"Where are we going?"
Cas wonders if Dean will ever take down his walls again. Perhaps not, not after this.
I can't wait to meet you in real life one day, because I owe you a lot of hugs, and you owe me a lot of good/weird food.
thank you!!
But then suddenly, as if coming to a decision, its grip weakens, letting go, and Jack falls limply to the floor next to Kelly, who reaches out a shaking hand to help her son. The Entity spins around to face Cas.
Cas was staring over his shoulder at Dean, waiting for further instructions, as if having the hunter pressed up against his back was perfectly normal.
"When it ended, we got some beers from Lee's truck, and went around to the back of the building."
Janitor Boy holds up a key ring, shaking it loudly to get Dean's attention. "It's my job to know. I'm the routine caretaker of this campus, and I can't have homeless teenagers renting out the art room when classes aren't in session."
------------------------------
Like…" Dean grinned. "What's your favorite color?"
, CAS!” The door is slammed shut again in Cas’s face, but not before he can get a glimpse of what he almost missed.
But he couldn't say it. Instead, Dean patted the dashboard of his car. "Black. Black like Baby."
"Yeah, of course, Cas," Sam nodded, then smiled. "It's good to have you here."
Cas paused outside Hannah's blinding white door at the foremost regions of heaven. Everywhere he looked, he could see only pure whiteness—almost sterile. And yet, he felt as if he were still in that cramped motel room, musty curtains and a steamy bathroom, still emitting that flowery-clean shampoo scent…
"She… she had replicas of you, made specifically for the purpose of my lessons. I had to practice killing you, Dean. Again, and
-Charlie
He gulped, chest pounding frantically, urging him to
Just like last time's chocolate taste was his favorite flavor. And the time before that: minty fresh toothpaste. And whiskey, the time before that. And on and on and on, Dean's lost count of all the flavors Castiel's mouth has given him, but each one feels like the first time he’s ever truly tasted such a flavor.
Dean thinks happily.
Dean opens his mouth but Sam interjects. “For allowing yourself to find happiness. You’ve always deserved it. Thanks for… being yourself. Finally.”
Not even half an hour later, tires crunch the gravel driveway outside. “Sammy!” Dean shouts as he stampedes down the wooden stairs. “Cas, move your ass! Family’s here!”
“And…” Dean breathes out a quiet laugh, feeling lightheaded. “This is crazy. I dreamt of this moment for so long, of moments like this, just—just
Wincing, Dean shifts around in the hospital bed, trying to sit up in a more comfortable position.
"Yeah. Said he wanted to 'find a nature walk,' and I told him LA doesn't really have many of those. He also said to call him when we started research."
"No, don't answer me. I'm not the one who needs to know. Just think about it. You'll figure it out."
"Dean, can I ask you something?"
He hated bringing up all of those memories again, hated remembering it was his fault in the first place that Cas had had to experience the consequences of being human.
But the urges collapsed as quickly as they arose.
“Can you do this or not?”
But Dean had never felt more ugly than when they called him pretty.
"—but Dean, man, you have to do something about it, because your 'staring contests"— Sam made air quotations— "are seriously scarring me for life. And that's saying a lot, considering. And Cas, look, I know—"
“Still though. Dude jumped out a window— and rode off into the sunset like he hadn’t just been gutted through the main organs. I definitely wouldn’t have been able to do that.”
She'd barely noticed him sitting there, he'd been so silent. Just staring, barely breathing.
The ride back is quiet, but not in a bad way. It’s comfortable.
A smirk spreads over the man’s features. “We-ell, for the past month, Cas kind of permanently moved into Dean’s room. They’re there right now, if you want to say hi later.”
“And I still do not comprehend your preference towards bland flavors,” Jack retorts mildly, spreading even more butter onto the second pancake, and Dean notices with amusement that he’s already used up half the stick.
Cas interrupts breathlessly, and Liv smiles in amusement at his obvious impatience. The walk down the hallway to Dean’s hospital room seems far longer than it should, but eventually they stop at a door and Cas feels a fluttering sensation take root in his stomach.
CAN'T WAIT TO READ YOUR COMMENTS ON THIS CHAPTER.
Dean smirked. "Not really my thing."
"Oh! No, nothing like that," she assured him. "Chris just, I guess he just thought your order was a little…abnormal, that's all."
why was this happening.
"Right?" Dean gestured at the bathroom, where fluffy pink towels wrapped in satin bows awaited beside the tiniest sink he'd ever seen. But Sam was more intrigued at the 'table.' If you could call it that. A tiny square thing, made from fake chestnut wood, jammed in one corner of the room.
A small, dim part of himself wonders what the lady must have been thinking: coming into to clean another motel room. An ordinary day. Only to find a frozen man, sitting amongst a pile of rainbow colored shards.
to ride this thing. I haven’t been on one since, like, 2009, with Sammy.”
No. It didn't look quite right.
Dean feels drunk, the familiar light-headed buzzing in his ears.
Dean deserved happiness. After everything he had done for his family, for his friends, hell, for the WORLD.
Castiel, the imperfect angel, and the broken hunter. They had fallen from so much and then they'd fallen in love together.
How could he have been more obvious?
. They could talk about anything, and maybe the dorky weirdo would start collecting plants or rocks or something, just to liven-up his room, because that's what it would be:
Remember to subscribe to this work so you can receive updates when I post a new chapter!! ♥♥♥
Dean rubs soothing circles along the angel's stubbled cheek, and Cas's eyes snap open as a small feeling of happiness wriggles its way in. Blue eyes flit frantically around the room, searching for anything out of the ordinary. There is nothing there. Not yet.
Cas nodded slightly. "Sam."
But Cas…. Well. Dean's death wouldn't be of assistance to an angel who had given everything to save his life. Cas needed him to stay around, because when it came down to it, Cas
And that's if they even
It’s warm. It’s safe. It’s loving.
," Cas whispered, face tightening, and Dean could feel the hand in his quivering slightly.
wanted
Cas moved on to examining his eyeball, with no less firmness than before, and Dean let him. When Cas got like this, it was like a comatose patient trying to stop the surgeon from performing the operation.
the righteous man thinks.
"153 million. Think of all the children who could have two parents and a home, if only queer marriages could be allowed in all countries."
shirt—draped across Cas's back: a back that had once held wings. He memorized the curves of Cas's fingers, the gently curled hands that had once pulled a man from Hell, the hands that had pieced that man back together, from the smallest toenail to the tiniest freckle.
It's surprising, how quickly Janitor Boy answers.
Cas squinted. There it was again, these strange human innuendos. What was he meant to understand by this statement? Dean had not even come close to dying, if he had, Cas would have felt it. And besides, Cas had not caused the bottle to drop.
"I did not label
But Cas knows, if Dean’s fear is any evidence, that the only conceivable way he could ever feel true happiness… is if he tells Dean everything, even with nothing in return, just
Dean watches, lips parting in surprise as Castiel sinks to the floor on one knee, and holds out the ring, an almost smug smile sitting on the once-angel’s face.
No, this is private.
The other excerpts included sections from Purgatory, another weird alternate universe that Zachariah had shoved Dean into a long time ago, and a few pages from Castiel's point of view, when Dean was staying at Lisa's house.
“No, Cas. God no. It’s just… This is the nicest thing anyone has done for me. Maybe ever.” Tears drip down the bedridden hunter’s cheeks.
“That’s what you would say even if it
And I got this…. Feeling. That this would be no cheap thing: this friendship would be, as you said,  profound.
Anger, tense and hot, surged through Cas's throat, and he instinctively reached out to grip the man's left shoulder. Dean looked up, startled from the sudden movement.
Cas retaliated with an exasperated glare. "Hannah is currently in a meeting for which my presence is not… required. And she is not my 'girlfriend,' Dean. Angels do not meddle with labels as temporary as 'girlfriends' or 'boyfriends.' Unlike human relationships, we choose partners for life; bond-mates, as they would be called in the English tongue."
Dean knew he
“Cas? What—”
Sam grabbed a seat at the tiny table, which Dean was astonished to see actually fit over his legs, and dug into a salad that looked more like a container full of lettuce than an actual meal.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It was enough. Coming from Dean Winchester, Cas considered himself lucky to have gotten that much. He wanted to say more, wanted to say everything, but it wasn't the right time. Not yet.
. Sure, he'd had plenty of one-night-stands with women, but he'd never felt a desire to build it into something else. Something deeper.
Happy 43rd Birthday Jensen Ackles! You'll never read this, (unless you do, in which case.... well hot damn)
Son of a bitch. Those damn compliments again. Dean flickered his gaze downwards, then back at the angel. Unsure of what to say, he just laughed shakily. "Yeah, well…"
Sam didn't know how much more of this he could read. He was glad that he'd chosen this particular excerpt, because it seemed to be all the evidence he needed.
It reminds him of other hunters, his dad's buddies, who would say he was too pretty to be good at his job.
Dean goes in, as he said he would, and closes the door. He calls through it, voice muffled slightly.
But now….
NOW ENJOY SOME DAMN FLUFF. <3
And that’s where he’d found it, his hand closing around a piece of thick paper.
Dean gives Sam a very rude hand gesture behind Cas's back, and deepens the kiss, his eyes closed. Sam snorts and rolls his eyes at the giddy smile on both of their faces as they finally pull away.
He'd totally forgotten about that.
.. you’re already mine.” The vessel’s mouth quivers, stretching into an eerie smile, one that doesn’t quite reach its eyes. Almost…
It wasn't longer than a minute before Cas stepped out of the tiny bathroom, trenchcoat folded neatly over one arm. It was the first time Dean had ever seen the angel wear a t-shirt, and it was odd, but… definitely not
Cas tilts his head slightly, smiling at Dean’s expression. “What?”
"By number 900—"
Of course, Cas had thought it was real, the instant he’d heard Dean Winchester’s voice calling his name, he’d known it wasn’t a dream. The prayers surging through his mind had been far too powerful for even the empty to replicate.
"Ahh. That's right." Dean winked. "You actually
"Actually, Dean that's what I wanted to talk with you about." cas could see dean grip the steering wheel tighter.
Copy all that shit again, and paste directly into AO3.
Some things should stay hidden.
can’t
"Castiel, if you leave here, I do not expect the other angels to welcome you back. You may never be allowed into Heaven. I suggest you reconsider your decision."
It’s a good feeling. To love someone so much you become utterly and uncaringly reckless in the divulgence of your own deepest secrets.
Dean's chest clenched tightly as he remembered Cas's quiet voice, saying his name, and then the feeling of Cas's chest against his own, the feeling
It’s enough to demolish Dean’s instincts, and it feels only a second passes before he is twisted downward, back pressed into the bed, and he’s staring upwards into widened eyes. Green meets blue, and for all the doubts these eyes have held in the past, certainty had somehow managed to become a familiar look.
. I've noticed that you've only ever called myself and Benny by that nickname. Not Sam. Or anyone else. I was just curious if it meant something that I'm not understanding."
Tombstone
"Training you?"
The angel pauses for a moment, calculating the exact moment. “10:32 and five seconds, a.m.”
But Castiel knew that if given the choice, between spending an eternity with an endless supply of grand novels, or spending a century reading that one footnote, again and again and again… he knew he'd choose the footnote.
“Dude,” Dean groans, and goes to pour them both fresh mugs of coffee. “Okay we have to watch the Princess Bride. Along with a million other movies. We need a marathon.”
'They're not flashbacks. I just…I remember bad things vividly,' is what he'd told Charlie.
A frenzied waitress rushed over, and Dean kindly picked the first two burgers on the menu so she didn't have to wait.
Dean's head snapped up and he gave Cas a wary look. "Thought you said you didn't know me back then."
He had to do something before the two of them got in another fight. But who the hell could give him relationship advice about a situation like this?
"I was just…thinking about an old buddy of mind. This song reminded me of him. Kinda brought me 'back to the past,' if you know what I mean."
(this Inn is actually a real place ;)
The middle part was more painful, but crucial nonetheless.
Dean swears he will never get tired of seeing Cas’s attempt at a wink.
There is no weakness, in the Empty's grasp, no mercy. It means to kill, and it has no intentions of leaving the room before Kelly and Jack are dead, and Cas—
“Cas, I’m not telling you what I’m doing. Just trust me. You’ll like it.”
Cas, I'm trying okay? This," Dean's gaze flickered around, searching for words. "This is me trying to say that—"
"Dean I told you, it's just research. We didn't have the info I needed, the bunker did, so—"
"Dammit, Cas- how many times have they betrayed you,
Dean looks to Cas, not sure what to say. They hadn’t exactly had time to plan out a cover story. Cas takes an intake of breath and starts to speak, but Sam crashes into the room last moment.
, cascading through his chest, and with his knees weakening, he reached up a hand, laying it on top of Cas's warm fingers.
"Pretty good, huh?"
And it was thanks to Sammy that Dean even
Which meant whatever Dean had written was obviously worth the trouble of hiding away.
“Coffee,” Dean answers, stretching his neck to press a quick kiss to his husband’s lips. “Please,” he adds after a moment.
Every day was worse. Homelessness, hunger, thirst, aching hips: those problems were only white noise compared to missing Dean, the pain that lodged itself between his ribs, the pain that pulsed with every beat of his human heart, a constant reminder of what had been stolen from him.
Charlie nods and gets up to leave, but Sam stops her with a hand. “Grab the first-aid kit—it’s on the map room table. Make sure it has bandages, and a lot of them.”
Sam glared. "Not great. I think I'm
Memories were of great importance to humans, and although it was not a concept he had initially understood, Dean's reminiscing, along with the occasional journal entry—of which he had sneaked private glances—had helped him to overcome this confusion.
Cas's hands say.
“We are, Dean. We're real.”
As long as he was an angel, the empty would continue to chase him. They would never be left alone, never be safe. He was, after all, the Empty’s property… as an
The typewriter's keys clack noisily as Dean writes out these thoughts, as he once wrote poems and love letters in secret.
Ah. Back at the motel.
— and teaching newly mojo-less Cas how to fight properly.
Usually, when Dean had 'free-time,' it was only because they'd reached a point in their lives when everything was going to shit anyway. Sam would spend his remaining hours squeezing their last chance until it squealed. Cas was usually MIA. Or dead.
Red like the sound of his screams, the race of his pulse.
I have no right to complain to Sam about anything. Not after what I took from him,
Cas thinks, sitting at the bunker's kitchen table, surrounded by the family he'd chosen to love, and the family he would eventually leave.
"Oh." She flushed, and pursed her lips. "He—he had to take a break."
The wind is brisk, but Cas doesn’t mind. He is content to be with Dean, and that is all that matters.
Red is the color Dean feels in his body, a hot brimming warmth.
Dean raised an eyebrow. He'd rarely seen this side of Cas, but he liked it, liked seeing Cas look so relaxed. "If you're okay with giving away all your secrets," he joked. "But first…" he shifted his eyes over to the bar. "I'm gonna get a few shots for us."
Dean swallows but his throat feels too dry.
"You really need to eat more slowly, Dean," Cas suggested fondly. "I read once that a mouthful of food should be chewed thoroughly 32 times before swallowing to allow for proper digestion."
"Dude. Have you not learned how to knock yet? I thought we covered that already," the hunter shook his hand above the shower door, as if gesturing for something. Understanding, Cas stepped forward to pick up the damp towel on the mat and handed it to Dean, his callused fingers brushing Dean's wet ones, just for a moment.
"Son of a BITCH," he shouted to the empty motel room.
Dean re-adjusts the tiny laptop screen on his knee, Cas’s leg pressed up against his. Dean had insisted they binge-watch all three
The two chat and drink for the remainder of the afternoon, joined by Sam and Bobby later on.
Cas frowns. “I could come with you.”
Sam flipped open his phone. He had to get this done before Cas and Dean got suspicious, which meant he was going to need help. Luckily, he knew just the person to call.
Bits of possible lyrics float around Dean's mind in scribbled pieces as he tries not to get distracted by the idea of texting Charlie for help.
Cas raises an eyebrow. “That doesn’t sound like something you would say.”
How many messes had he made, and how many times had Dean picked up the pieces, saved face and forgiven him? Dragging himself over to the nearest park bench, the angel wrapped his face in his hands and shook, gasping from the guilt.
‘Yeah. I just… it doesn’t feel right, y’know? It’s too… casual. Too temporary. It doesn’t fit—” Dean gestures at the both of them. “—
But Cas obviously didn't buy it. The angel tilted his head, giving him a skeptical look. "No you're not."
Or maybe…
"Cas, what are you talking about man?"
(yes, blu, someday I will have to try it. hehehehehe. You're awesome, and I love seeing all your cooking creations. keep making weird stuff. Misha would be very, very proud <3)
He knew that, and still let himself get swept into the pull and tug of love.
, but it’s only…
Sam stepped out from between the wall and the widely opened bathroom door, a perfect nook hidden in shadows. His smile was self-satisfied and tremendously mischievous.
him, he IS your brother after all."
Besides the fact that Dean had stabbed Cas in the chest—talk about an awkward first introduction—the chapter contained nothing else of much consequence, nothing that Sam considered helpful to the cause, at least. But he had plenty of other sections to go through.
She'd walked over, tentatively. She'd asked him if he was okay. Dean barely registered the question.
Cas wraps both hands around the back of Dean’s head, his words slow and lingering.
There are tears in Cas’s eyes, and Dean can’t take it any longer. “
Ask Blu on twitter @jupiticas for their amazing salad recipe <3
Sam couldn't believe Dean. Not only had he returned from lunch in a horrible mood—which was uncharacteristic in itself considering his brother's deep love for greasy food—but he had also stolen the only shower in the motel room. For the second time in one day. Cas had come in for a brief moment, and without even looking up, told the wall that he was going to find a nearby nature walk, to which Sam reminded him that this was LA California, to which the angel responded by muttering something about 'flying to Hawaii' and to call him when they began the research. He slammed the door, and Sam heard a faint
But to Cas, he only chuckled and patted the angel's shoulder. "Sure buddy.
"Well?" Sam looks steadily at the trenchcoated angel and the half-naked hunter, wrapped in a fluffy pink bath-towel.
I probably wouldn't still be doing this if it weren't for your guys' interest and support, and it means so much to me.
The kid groaned, massaging the bridge of his nose with force. Another Dean-like similarity. "
Dean kept forgetting how very observant Cas could be.
But he couldn't.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Uh-" Dean bites his lip and tries to put together a sentence.
The thoughts stuck as quickly as they came, reverberating around the hallowed out canyon of Dean's mind, repeating again and again, like a broken record stuck on loop.
"Hey, uh—" Dean sounded suddenly awkward.
there's the shiver traveling down his spine and
"That doesn't mean you don't deserve happiness, Dean."
any other clothes."
Home is the feeling you get when you can breathe in peaceful relief, when you smile at the familiar love you feel for everything around you, no matter how mundane, because there are memories written into the walls and the objects, but the memories did not originate in such lifeless things, not at all.
Dean slammed the bathroom door behind him and turned the shower knob. He felt almost as if he couldn't breathe, as if every second he had to keep reminding himself to
He sighed deeply, the kind of sigh that carried weight, deep, defeated, and like it was the first breath he'd taken in years, but still it didn't satisfy that feeling of suffocation, of regret. Dean was all too familiar with those sighs, and so he knew Cas had obviously thought a lot about this.
Cas opens his mouth, probably to ask for an immediate explanation, when Jack walks in wide-eyed and chipper as usual, and as usual: providing a perfect excuse to change the topic.
no, Cas,” Dean assures him quickly, “You can call me whatever you want. I like it- trust me.”
Cas suddenly blinked, then closed his eyes and tilted his head to one side, as if listening. He straightened, and ignoring Dean's persistent staring, said harshly, "I have to leave, Sam. Heaven needs me, Hannah needs me, and I cannot waste time on this matter any longer."
Cas's eyes just as clearly as he felt his heart flutter and his ears redden because dammit, it had happened, and he couldn't
“What the hell is going on?” Charlie says.
Firstly, I'd like to say that almost none of this would have happened if it weren't for my absolutely awesome beta reader, Jupiticas. (Blu, if you're reading this: YOU'RE THE REASON THIS FIC JUST GOT A THOUSAND TIMES BETTER.)
Dean forced a relieved breath, a small worried smile. "Good, cause you were kinda scaring me for a minute there. So.. Can I- can I keep going?"
"I thought someone woulda tried to buy you a new outfit by now, at the very least. Your angel buddies must be tired of seeing that old thing," He gestured dramatically at Cas's trenchcoat.
Many years ago, Castiel would have felt humiliation, being helped along by a human, by Sam Winchester; the boy with the demon blood. The “abomination.”
in Sam's eyes even as the happy words of congratulation left his mouth, and Dean had a pretty good guess as to the reason for his brother's pain.
like this.
He could see Cas sitting quietly within the confines of the Impala, just staring peacefully out the window. Dean felt a flicker of fondness spark somewhere in his chest, and he knew then: he
Cas continued on with his question, ignoring the jibe at his innate odd-ness.
So. I guess this isn't the end….
I hope you all enjoy it ♥♥♥♥♥♥
discriminating evidence. Everything that had been said… everything Cas had done for Dean. Things Sam had never known, and doubted even Dean knew about.
Dean sat up fully, the covers shifting off his chest, and turned around to face the angel.
It was obvious the offer was genuine, but Dean thought he could hear a hint of reluctance behind the words, as if Cas had been enjoying their alone-time as much as he had.
But ignoring Dean was like trying to escape the sun and the moon at once. There is no side of the earth you can run to that can separate you from the thing your world revolves around.
"Yeah, okay, but what was that like? What did you do, did you have a job?" Dean prodded.
so familiarto himself, can suddenly seem new and paralyzingly uncharted.
Papers?
( Yeah yeah, I know this is long. Deal with it. )
But none of them knew what this talent cost. They didn't know what it was like having the devil himself sing 'Stairway to Heaven' on a fucking loop inside his brain when he was trying to sleep.
Of the tension, the frustration, the waiting, the constant fighting and anxiety, the obliviousness the stupidity the side-stepping and awkward conversations. And above all: he was tired of watching his dumb-ass brother stick to the inside of that damn closet. And the
This is the happiness Dean deserved.
And it’s all his to look at.
"Are you alright?" He inspected Dean's pale face with a worried expression.
And sure, he'd had Sam. But Sam didn't want the life either. And a small dark part of Dean's mind knew that Sammy would be okay, if his big brother died. Sammy could move on, get the life he'd always wanted, with a wife and 1.5 kids, and maybe Sam would even be
! He’s mine!” The dark silhouette raises what looks like an archangel blade, but it’s a black with a silver handle, and presses it against Cas’s throat. “Come any closer, and you’ll never see your precious Cassie again!”
, Dean corrected himself, heart fluttering at the thought.
"I knew they were not you. But it is something I don't think I will ever be able to forgive myself for, nonetheless."
It hurt to see it, but the static silence of the room after John had pulled out of the parking lot and left with Dean; the nothingness, the
Dean couldn't help but notice the angel's stubborn reluctance to even spare him a glance. The motel room was too silent, almost seeming to fade away into disappointed static, as if the walls had been filled with energy just moments before, and then… gone.
Dean mutters darkly under his breath. “Stupid fucking wheelchair. Can’t even ride in Baby for my grand journey home.”
Just as he catches a glimpse of a familiar-looking room through the portal, a hand grabs the back of his collar and jerks him backward—
And yet Cas hadn't said a single word.
“Because you know… they say family doesn’t end in blood. But you, Castiel- well I believe you’ve been the cause of
"Actually," Dean shrugged his chin over his shoulder at Cas, who seemed to be having a good time inspecting the structure of the pool table. "Those are for him."
meant he would have to…
“-just tell me we’re okay. Cas-
Cas continues, the ends of his trenchcoat puddled on the floor, the blue sheen of the ring’s glow reflected in the once-angel’s eyes.
He heard a faint laugh on the other end, and then the call ended with a static click. "Thanks Rowena."
one, haven’t you?”
Feeling strangely lightheaded, Dean pulls his trenchcoated angel in for a kiss. He notices Cas grinning against his mouth, and pulls back. “What?”
“Meg?”
He also knew he couldn't stare a second longer into Dean's eyes, and still be able to contain himself. Those things, those thoughts…. They were unattainable. Unthinkable.
"Not half bad," Dean mutters, scribbling the phrase on a crumpled piece of paper chock- full of chord progressions, key change prompts, and half-finished lyrics. His watch reads 6:00 am. Still another hour before that dark haired janitor kid comes by. Dean memorized the schedule a long time ago, so as not to be caught.
“Cas, will you marry me?”
appear somewhat near him, as he is my target. We have to work fast, though, the Empty will notice soon.”
As long as Cas was around, Dean had a reason to keep fighting. Sam would move on, Charlie, Garth, Rowena, they'd be okay. Everyone else was dead already.
When he opens his eyes, Cas is squinting at him in a way that can only mean he once again did not understand the reference.
Two nuns who had been in love with each other, and discovered by the townspeople, had killed themselves: bled out beside one another in the convent's cemetery, curled together beneath the statue of St. Stephen.
And then April had come along, and Cas understood for the first time how sex could be an efficient distraction, if only for a little while. But even she had turned against him, and in a way, Cas wished she
So Castiel calls him beautiful.
But Jensen: you deserved better, and so did Dean Winchester.
It had been just over a full year since he’d made The Deal. Just over a year's worth of imagined scenarios for the inevitable end, each possibility more distressing than the last.
"Well, duh," Charlie snorted. "Pulling a stunt like that? On
no less. And just when you get through that portal, just when you think you
"Yeah, thanks for continuing to remind me," Sam grumbled, but Charlie didn't seem to hear him.
Cas raised an eyebrow, leaning forward a bit. "Well…" he fired off the white ball, striking it dead center on his targeted solid ball, sending it spinning directly into the desired pocket.
He turns to grip his bondmate’s jaw and kisses him firmly. “I have a walkman and earbuds in the bedside drawer next to you,” Dean whispers.
Baby is waiting in the garage, as always, and Dean pats the wheel lovingly before popping his and Cas’s mixtape into the cassette player. It’s not a long drive, but it isn’t exactly short either.
Sam wished it weren't necessary to invade Dean's privacy like this, but Dean never needed to know, right?
Sam sneaked a look at Dean, and was dismayed to notice that his brother was adamantly refusing to meet Cas's gaze. Instead, Dean wet his lips and began disassembling his pistol, either from anxiety, or an urge to be prepared, or more likely, that it was simplest possible excuse he could come up with whenever he didn't want to talk to a certain trenchcoated angel.
ended like that. For a long time. Too long. For too long, Cas had been withheld from him, stolen by the empty.
"Dean. It was a compliment, I assure you." Cas sat back contentedly. "Claire is a strong, stubborn, selfless young woman, and considering the level of damage I have inflicted on her views regarding fatherly-figures… her stability found through courage, and determination… it is proof of your effect on people. You are her role model Dean. And—many others' as well, for that matter. Never doubt for an instant that you are unworthy of the title."
that I've probably ruined everything, but I would rather have you here, Cas, I—"
Enough was enough. Sam was tired of it. Tired of it all.
"Hey—Claire, does Jody know you guys are there, or do I have to make a call."
Thoughts paraded around his body, circling back and around in an endless spiral of repeating echoes that he couldn't quite make out, cascading through him, and though he felt nothing, it hurt just the same. It was worse than any anger.
He tries to stand up, but crashes back down. He attempts again, legs threatening to collapse at any second.
Cas's smile beneath his lips, and Cas's hair beneath his fingers and
Shrugging, Dean flicked his eyes down to his own folded hands. "Sammy, I—just cut it out, okay? What you did this morning: I think it really messed him up. So just, don't do that. Ever again."
“Oh. Uhm. Hello, Dean.”
Sam and Eileen have a daughter, Eleanor, and another baby in the oven. They live about two hours away, on a lake. Sam went back to law school, got a degree, made a bunch of cash. Kids aren’t cheap, and hunting doesn’t exactly pay the bills.
to Dean.
Castiel had lived for a long time. Eleven years was nothing more than a blink compared to his millennia-old consciousness: a
Dean hacked and coughed, choking on the bite he had attempted to eat while simultaneously laughing, and Cas raised an eyebrow.
okay,
He rammed the last piece back in place, reloaded the bullets, then stood up, swinging the duffel bag over his shoulder. "You feel like goin' on a drive? I think we should go for a drive."
And he almost said it, right then and there. Almost told dean everything, everything he felt and everything he wanted, and everything he'd given up. But Dean was angry, and that meant he wouldn't listen. It wasn't the right time.
Friendship could never be enough, and yet, he found the pain of Dean's company was somehow easier than the absence of it.
“Empty.” Cas turns around. He takes a deep breath. “I’m ready.”
Dean knew, logically, that he couldn't keep kneeling in the parking lot of a motel, surrounded by dangerous weapons. He also knew that he didn't really care if someone called the police. Maybe he could do something bad enough when the police arrived, that they'd
Dean is cut off by a woman with a gray two-piece suit and eloquently done auburn hair.
Cas rolls his eyes. “Fine, but then we get back to work. After the… tiny burgers.”
"Guys."
Dean had stumbled through the door, rushing to the bathroom, holding one hand over his face, and one pressed to his side, but Sam could see the damage anyway.
“You would know.”
Dean took a deep, shaky breath.
. What. Did you get."
There's no point getting angry at the voices. At the music. The constant music.
"What are the options?"
how to respond, I—"
"What?"
“Dean?” Cas squints at the coughing man, bent almost half over and sounding as if his lungs might make a surprise appearance.
I know IT'S SHORT I'M SORRY.
… Sam grimaced. …
He had draped himself in the flag of heaven far too often. He knew who he would ultimately choose, because when it came down to it, when the world was ending, and all in creation was doomed: his instinct had lead him back to Dean Winchester each and every time.
It was humiliating to think about now, how badly he'd wanted to be interrupted, wanted Cas to press him up against the movie racks, to feel the angel's chest breathing against his own, to breach the boundaries, to hold him there, and Dean wouldn't have resisted, he would submitted happily, would have
Sam realizes Jody and Charlie have never met.
,” Dean mutters, and Cas turns around to see a woman with long dark hair and round glasses standing in the doorway.
to say.
The idea of seeing Cas again (and so soon) gave Dean more happiness than he cared to admit. Screw it, the dorky little dude made him laugh, and he was after all, his best—
There are times when Dean wonders if he'll ever get used to it: the feeling of being looked at as if he's something beautiful, as if even the worst and ugliest parts of himself are worthy of admiration.
She widened the door, and gestured for Castiel to enter inside the small office. Unlike most of Heaven's rooms, Hannah had decided to add a bit of color into the blinding white. A wall, on which she usually displayed virtual scenes of solar systems, clouds, nature or sometimes gradients composed of pleasing color combinations: such as today's palette of royal blue, magenta and violet shades. Castiel eyed the wall in interest. He wondered what Dean's favorite color was, and how it was that he had never asked him before.
Dean's hands shook, knowing that without Cas, he'd have lost the will to live a long time ago. What was there to live for, as a hunter: knowing that your life would be filled with pain and constant work and bloodshed equal to that of a battlefield, and then eventually: to die, leaving behind an unchanged world, because no matter how many monsters he'd killed, there would always be
But the one place he cared about, the one origin he'd hoped would become his home, turned out to be just like all the other one-stop destinations. He belonged nowhere, and so he had nowhere to come
The car was filled with static discomfort, and Cas watched the side of Dean's face steadily for a minute before speaking. "How is Jack?" Hopefully an efficient ice-breaker.
Dean grips Cas’s shoulder tightly. “Don’t listen to it, Cas, I”m
That night at the motel. The movie. Lee. Their father.
"How many Zeppelin songs do you know the lyrics to anyway?" Dean asks softly.
Cas's lips whisper.
trick
He just sits. Barely breathing.
"I remember… every single one of you, Dean. Every word. Every—"
feel guilty.” Cas’s voice is firm, and Dean swallows back an apology. Even without his mojo, Cas still knows what he’s thinking.
to be sharp enough, that it wouldn't matter once he started because he'd just keep going until it was all over.
There were so many little things Dean saw, learned, and he wanted to remember every single one.
Just a little bit more to read. Then he could be done. Once again, he skimmed through the case details, skipping the part where he stabbed the demon with the briefcase, they brought it back to the motel room, it was a soul, blah blah—Ah.
That's when I'll come to drag you to nothing.”
glad he'd decided to lay down on his stomach, instead of on his back. Things could've gotten rather awkward, rather quickly.
Us. and I don’t know what does, but—”
Sam stood awkwardly in the doorframe now, eyebrows raised. "Uh. Hey Cas."
Hell, Cas had almost tried to give it
It would have been so very easy.
Then, suddenly, John had thrown a newspaper on the table. A case. But this time, Dean would be going alone.
But this time… Dean will wake up to blue. A blue blanket pulled over their bodies. A blue tie draped over a chair. A blue glow gleaming in silver on his finger. And a blue eyed man who knew nothing but clear skies until he fell into hellfire for a sinner who showed him the color red.
the inevitable end. Not much time left over for last wishes.
his brother too? Dean had called him family, but when it came down to it:
Sam pulls his phone close to his ear. “Dean, I need you to speak up. What happened?” He hears his elder brother’s sniffles. “De-”
Jack is unconscious. Cas is barely sitting up straight. 911 is the only option.
Did Dean feel as lonely as he did, as helpless, as vulnerable? Did Dean even
When he’d finally woken up, he’d dismissed the dream. Tried to forget it. Tried to forget the fear. But now…. Maybe one part of it had been true after all.
"No, you're not. Also, I would prefer if you did not randomly spout the names of my kin, as you so often do. It's…" Cas frowned. "Odd."
Cas didn't know what to say. There was nothing he
"Who wants to talk first? Nobody? Awesome." He sits up straighter in his chair, and begins a long-winded rant that Cas barely hears. The thoughts, the
The thoughts stopped, just for a moment, and Cas could feel the focused energy in Dean's mind, even before he heard his name.
Straightening, Cas swept the table with his eyes. "I understand now. The goal is to calculate the velocity and placement of the white ball to affect the trajectories of the surrounding balls…" he nodded, seeming pleased with himself. "It's basic geometry. I assume that is why the diamonds are placed on the rim of the table: as a reference for angling the balls toward the holes."
It only takes a few minutes to read all of them.
And Dean…. Well.
“I’ll be back soon,” Dean whispers in his angel’s ear. “There’s something I have to do first.”
was, and why she had been talking about 'ships.'
faceless.
love, not in the same way at least. Yeah they had 'bond-mates,' or whatever, but Dean somehow doubted such relationships held the same romantic, and yeah,
The Empty tilts its head, considering. Jack thrashes wildly, gasping, and Cas feels a desperate impulse to rush over, angel blade in hand, and stab the entity with all the fury he can muster—
Dean’s eyes blink open, taking in the bright sunlight that lies across his chest in golden ribbons, then up to the person sitting next to him.
ENJOY THE PAIN AAAAAAAHAHHA.
Dean looked down, pretended to analyze the angel's position, hoping Cas couldn't see his expression in the dim lighting.
Cas holds himself tighter and closer with each shortened breath, wondering how long it will be until he sees Dean in his dreams, instead of in reality.
"My only redemption is that I did not kill the real you when the time came. You were different than all the rest. Somehow, Naomi could not recreate you in the way I know you."
Dean chuckles, and Sam replies, "No, no at all," assuring the boy with a firm pat on the shoulder. They both grin fondly at Jack. Cas can't help but look to Dean, however.
vamps. They're just some freaking
Dean swallowed. Cas was so close. Not much closer than any time before, but somehow, this felt different. Nodding nervously, and wetting his lips, he continued. "Now, the eight ball, she's the winner."
for as long as possible, because this time, there would be no new books to read, no new stories to live. This story is the last one, the last exquisite breath of life—
did she say? And how does the boy know this?"
Dean could practically hear the half-angel squint in confusion. Another Cas-like similarity.
Six months. That's how long he's been exposed to her Royal Highness the know-it-all Queen of Geekery and Nerdism—AKA Charlie Bradbury. But it feels like much longer. It feels like a lifetime.
Cas flinched backwards, the top of his dark, tousled head tickling Dean's chin, and Dean realized that suddenly reaching out to grip someone's wrist, with no prior warning, probably wasn't the smoothest thing he'd ever done.
"Mine wasn't exactly rainbows and unicorns, either, man."
Many things are being remembered. All more beautiful than the last. And Dean feels it, and everything looks light and and here it is:
Look at me. You are not giving up.”
to listen to Hannah, it is my job, my
large enough mattress, the way Cas is forced to snuggle into his shoulder, or press closely into his thigh, just to see the screen.
Life felt more like being lost in some spiral of obsessions that he didn't expect, didn't
Cas can feel his own hands begin to shake, knowing that this is more than Dean has ever said before, more intimate, more honest—
trenchcoat
“Castiel, the
So easy to get attached to all the things that cannot stay.
only a breath away, and Dean takes his love’s face in both hands, just
"I still don't understand the reference. This is the song of Solomon. Who is this woman and
Cas was about to open his door, but noticing Dean's behavior, hesitated, tilting his head curiously. "Dean? What is it?"
He holds out his bottle. “C’mon.”
In the kitchen, Eileen, Atlas, and Cas are chatting while Jack and Eleanor play in the living room.
you, used you and left you, but you still leave us for THEM?"
A splat, and then loud laughter, that obviously wasn't coming from Jack. Then:
“Nonono, not at all, Cas,” Dean isn’t looking at his best friend, but at a small wooden building advertising the renting of double person bikes.
, Dean thought bitterly.
Dean inhales sharply, trying to keep his heartbeat in check.
"What?" This time Sam actually was a little confused.
Sam, I wish I could have seen it—
"But—" she reached over, stealing the laptop, and ignoring Sam's protests, began typing something in the search bar. "—once we've done that, we still have to figure out a way to show Cas how Dean really feels, and vice-versa. It can't be too obvious, and it can't be too embarrassing, cause we all know Dean doesn't do well with awkward situations."
"And I KNOW," she smiled, reading Dean's thoughts. " It sounds cliché. But just try it, and all the rest figures itself out. Now I don't know who the lucky lady—or
Cas barely hears Dean's words, barely registers what he's saying, he can only try to hang on to as many details as he can remember.
Cas and Dean ignored him, they were still glaring into the other's eyes as if having an intense argument that Sam couldn't hear. Their heads were ridiculously close.
Cas heaves a breath, and leans backwards against the wall, his vision blurring. And he waits. Waits to live. Waits to die. As a human, there is no sure answer, no permanent absolution. Sudden accidents, sickness, hunger, and eventually: death. He is vulnerable to all of it now.
Dean thinks, smiling giddily into the deepening kiss, his fingers tickling the soft locks at the nape of his angel’s neck.
Rolling his eyes, Sam prayed, "Hey Cas, we uh, you can come back now."
You guys are awesome, and I hope you're all doing okay. I hope this fluffy chapter will send some good vibes your way. I love writing fluff before the angst. It's like... making myself happy, but knowing I'll be torturing myself soon.
But he waits. He’s waited eleven years. He can wait a little longer.
But Cas can't speak a word, frozen in the face of the End that is coming closer and closer—
Green eyes met blue, and Cas felt his heartbeat rising, then falling, crashing and stalling with each breath that came, and he wondered, paralyzed if this was it. If Dean would finally just
Dean grit his teeth, forcing himself to hold back tears. It felt as if his lungs were being squeezed and shrunken with each short, stifled breath.
Sam, however, didn't hear much for the rest of the day, thanks to Charlie's high-pitched shriek over the phone when he revealed the plan.
real. Just like any other case. He couldn't mess up again.
--------------------------------------------------------------
He wanted, more than anything, to let go, to stop hiding this side of himself. The side Cas had never seen, because Dean tried so desperately to lock it away. The side that could change everything, if Dean only let it.
The angel nods.
Dean frowned, leaning over the side of the bed to peer at the floor.
He'd been having a dream. A nice dream, with Cas. They'd been… sitting at the ocean. No, a beach. It had been warm, the sun turning their skin pink, toes buried in hot sand, gulls screeching overhead.
Cas kisses Dean’s cheek and climbs out of bed. “Goodbye, Dean,” he whispers.
(also: 80K WORDS WOOT WOOT)
Sam started another list.
But Cas was already standing in front of Dean's car-door window. "
Cas sighs. “I know, but this is excessive.”
It was quiet for a few moments, and Dean frowned, honestly a little confused by the angel's lack of comments. "Ya know, Cas, I kinda imagined you'd have
The Empty gives one last too-wide smile then drops to the floor.
The non-existent lie there, still as the ground they have fallen upon, and suddenly you realize they aren’t there anymore, even though they’re right in front of you.
"Dammit Cas. Fine. You know what?" he angrily slammed his duffle bag on the table, and walked off. "I'm done asking. Go 'save heaven' or whatever, man, I don't care anymore."
“And I guess once, I didn’t have faith in stuff I couldn’t see. I needed proof, to believe in
And I think….” it steps closer to the pair huddled on the black floor. “I think it’s my best punishment yet. Letting you think you’re saved… by your
Cas still doesn’t seem to believe his words, so Dean reaches up a hand to grip Cas’s shoulder. “
His life, for his son's. He can only hope Dean will forgive him, when this is all over.
"Uh—"
Dean thinks.
soooo this keeps getting dragged out longer and longer and yes this is a helluva long chapter but its so worth it HEJSJEJS
"Debatable," Dean says, enjoying his angel's ruffled indignation. He claps Cas on the back, and shoves him along towards the kitchen. "Come on. Nothing like a stack of fresh pancakes to get the conversation going."
but Dean squeezed them shut, curling into himself, because maybe if Cas thought he was asleep, maybe they could postpone the day.
literally
personal
So he just said simply, "Hannah, and Heaven, won't be needing me anymore."
Cas nodded, one corner of his mouth raised. "Of course not."
"I don't know. I've never asked. It's just… when
"Well… see," Dean started, trying to let her down easy. It took guts to invite a strange man back with you, even if it wasn't the girl's real address, he could appreciate the effort. She looked him in the eyes as he struggled to piece together an appropriate non-insane excuse, then she nodded, obviously disappointed.
Dean just hoped nothing happened to her. Sam tended to be rather deadly to the women he dated, all jokes aside.
“I know.”
Jack smiles, nodding gratefully, and takes a seat next to Cas. It’s kind of a funny picture, both of them seated with perfect posture and hands folded primly on the countertop.
to see this.”
"There were times I felt I was going insane. Times I wondered if it would be better to just turn the blade on myself, instead."
Dean laughs, admiring the ambitious height of the boy’s scrambled-egg-pile. “Gift shop right around the corner.”
The feelings surged in waves of aching spasms, and Sam sat back in his chair and closed his laptop shut with a snap.
Dean has always hated being called pretty.
The bathroom filled with steam. The mirror began dripping with condensation. He didn't know how much time had passed.
Dean gulped out a bitter laugh. "Yeah, well. I can't."
Charlie giggles. “Don’t mind if I will. Reading those Winchester Gospels finally will have paid off.”
He falls asleep shortly after, still wearing the angel’s coat.
to be YOUR turn, Dean. So… Yes. I do believe I will win."
“—I am always terrified there will come a day when you will get hurt and I won’t be able to save you anymore, like I once could.”
that Bible tinier?" He walked over to inspect it.
While at Rufus’s place, he’d had plenty of time to think. The good kind of thinking.
p.s. Charlie and I are now in the planning stages of a new fic so look out for that hehehe
He managed to look up at Charlie, the ache burying deeper in his lungs. "I think our father
"How are you, Dean?"
. How to ride one, I mean.”
Cas groans quietly as he eases out from under Dean’s arm, and pads towards the door. But before he can turn the handle, his foot makes contact with a flat, crunchy, surface. His head shoots down to see what it is.
Sam checks the time. Almost eight in the morning.
Sam had been so shocked, the air left his lungs, and it took John a few seconds of shouting before he'd even noticed his other son, sitting limply in the corner of the motel, homework forgotten. And John had dragged Dean out the door, but not before Sam saw.
memories here too, y’know? Good ones- but also. A lot of bad. And I—”
Cas and Dean ignore him, glaring into each other's eyes. There's nothing more to say.
something that he could grab onto that made sense.
Dean looked down at his hands. "No, Cas, this is good. I—" he laughed bitterly. "I haven't even told Sammy about this. I probably should have. But—"
But of course, being Charlie, she'd given advice anyway.
Cas parts his lips and sighs so softly, so relaxed, and it's the most beautiful thing Dean has ever heard, and he can't remember suddenly what he'd been thinking about this morning, he can't remember what he'd come to ask Cas about, he can't remember how to breathe.
“No- this is something I need to do on my own,” Dean assures him. “It’s nothing dangerous, Cas.”
“Yes,
But if not peace, at least a moment of happiness. Dean suddenly needed to see Cas's real smile,
"Dean. Is this really necessary? Shouldn't we be investigating for the hunt?" Cas sounded utterly conflicted, but Dean thought he could sense a hint of curiosity.
Everyone talks about the agonizing drama of death, the waiting for the end, the suspense. It’s as if every death bed scene is planned for, preparations made so that the grieving can be accompanied by an orchestra of beautiful emotions played out on strings for all to hear.
I can do." The teenager left, mumbling something about
Cas told him, just last week.
Cas frowned seriously, watching as Dean slipped the triangle over the 15 balls. "What do cartoon characters have to do with homosexuality, and how do they relate to a billiard game?"
But he knew now, it wasn't so much the boots, or the adorable look of exasperation on the angel's face.
That footnote meant more to him than the entire library.
LONG chapter!!! technically its the last of the whole story, woah ik!!, but we have an epilogue soon so yeah <3
Cas's peace.
Did Dean know he felt? He must have, he'd spent his entire life on the road. Did Dean know that Cas was sleeping in storage closets, and eating whatever he could salvage from the garbage cans behind the building?
Not pretty.
"What about Back to the Future two?"
"Jody, hey."
"Cas…I never thought- I never thought good things could happen to me."
Even in his room, the whiskey bottle sits, full, on his desk near the typewriter, and Dean sits down, fingers itching to alleviate the pressure from the words and phrases racing around in his mind.
If today will be the day he is dragged to nothingness.
How they'd like to tear into every crevice of his pretty body, and pour his pretty blood on the ground, and watch his pretty green eyes go blank.
I'm sure a lot of you already knew this, but for those who don't, there you go :)
"I don't know how Dad found us, or why he got back early, or how he knew where to look. I don't blame Sam, if that's what happened. If Dad was ever good at anything, it was getting the truth out of people, me and Sam included." Dean winced as a pain flared in his jaw. He really needed to stop grinding his teeth in situations like these, it didn't help anybody.
Dean could always see through him.
Yes, red is the color of hellfire.
Dean flicked his eyes around the room, then back at the door. "He left?"
The hunter ignored him, chest flaring in uneven breaths.
She regarded him carefully, scrutinizing his neutral expression, then continued. "It seems you neglected several missions, assigned to you by your superiors, thus forcing the tasks onto lower-level seraphs. Are you aware of this?"
"But you happened. Cas
“Yeah.” Sam agrees.
Cas massaged his quaking hands over his face.
Problem 1: is it real?
He reads them again. A third time. Tears course silently down his cheeks, and he tries to stifle the clenching sobs, but it’s too much,
“-Dean I’m sorry they were just here, under the door and—”
Jack stops him with a hand on his shoulder, reminiscent of a certain angel. He looks Dean in the eyes. “Dean. I can do it. For Cas.” A faint smile lifts the boy’s lips. “He is my dad, after all.”
Emmanuel had been innocent. Emmanuel had been worthy of love. And as Emmanuel, Cas had known a delicate and undeserved peace. A kind of inner acceptance, confidence, that he hadn’t felt since then. So when Dean restored his memories, his failures and aching secrets, Cas almost wished to be Emmanuel again, to have Emmanuel’s simple, innocent life, to be ignorant of the deep hurts hidden beneath each scar.
“You okay?” Dean’s worried voice sounds a million miles away, and stopping the bike, he glances back at the angel, a frown creasing his forehead.
when Cas opens his mouth in surprise and
Sam stopped reading for a moment. He remembered that day. How could he forget… the hunger for demon blood, the
Sam attempted to look exasperated, as if he had already explained himself thoroughly and couldn't see what the problem was.
In contrast, Famine had said that Dean was so dead inside, he had remained unscathed by the Horseman's influence. So dead inside, he became immune to desires of any kind. This fit with Dean's abnormal reluctance to engage in his usual Valentine's Day activities… but it left a lot of questions. For Dean, sex was like booze: a distraction from their life, from the emptiness that so often consumed hunters. Even when Dean had been weeks away from Hell itself, petrified to the bone every day up until the chopping block…. That still hadn't stopped him from going out and getting sex. So why was Dean so suddenly uninterested in his main distraction?
too much digging, Sam was able to figure out it was a witch, and what they are looking for is a rock. A very specific rock. Large, with intricate carvings. Apparently it also has homicidal magical properties.
- Jupiter
He snorted. "My life sure doesn't feel short."
Cas wondered if this was all some cruel, cosmic joke. "Heh," Dean chuckled in his ear. "Remind you of anything,
He'd found what he needed. Not a single lingering speck of doubt remained.
But it’s gonna be painful and I am very sorry it took this long anyway HOPE YOU ENJOY <3<3
"Yeah, actually that sounds great Charlie—" Sam felt a vibration in his pocket, and pulled out his phone to find Dean's name glowing on the screen.
----------------------------------
It feels a bit awkward, the same kind of awkward that had been lying over the room ever since Dean asked him to stay, but still, it's not
similar to Dean's.
Dean grins down at the floor, biting his lip.
They’re in Madison, Wisconsin. There’s been a mysterious string of deaths where every victim has been brutally murdered in a locked room. The local police were stumped; stuff like that doesn’t happen there. After
think Dean Winchester would come to save
Cas deserved.
- I'm begging you man, please. Stay." Dean's voice is so gentle, so unsure, it hurts to hear Dean pleading for something.
And then, finally, the hallway of corpses had ended. And in the very last door, in the very last room, Cas had been waiting for him. Only instead of an angel, he’d been just like all the others. A corpse. A human corpse. And Dean had stumbled out of the doorway, only to find himself back at the beginning of the hallway, searching for Cas, screaming Cas’s name to walls that wouldn’t answer.
A ball of tan fluff barrels its way across the shallow river, causing arcs of water to fly up towards the clear blue sky, rainbows dancing there.
Well-fed on everything that doesn't matter. Well-fed on everything I'm not hungry for.
Dean heard giggling, and then Jack's yelp in surprise, and more snorts of glee.
"But I'll have to get to know you, so I can be sure your actions are necessary and your intentions pure."
Cas blinked, refusing to meet Dean's gaze, but shifted obligingly a whole three inches to the right.
Change was everywhere. And Sam was trying so hard to be happy for everyone, Dean could tell. But the strain was beginning to take its toll, and when Jody called about a case, Dean recognized the all-too-ready eagerness in Sam's answer: this case was a distraction that Sam needed desperately.
Although, as Dean gazes amongst the warm kitchen full of the people he loves, he realizes something.
This chapter is dedicated to you in all its fluffy happiness.
So… Blu: Thanks for being YOU, right from the beginning. Thanks for being the reason I smile. Thanks for texting me about small things, and big things, and explaining references, and asking me random questions, because I love that shit so much.
A deep, leveled voice sounds from the doorway, and Dean inhales sharply, jolting into a sitting position to see the speaker.
B&B, in accordance to Dean’s emphatic hatred of the crocheted nightmares, nor are there any hints of ‘flowery grandmother crap,’ as Dean calls it. But Cas insists on keeping a vase of sunflowers and cornflowers in the middle of the table, where a family of five from Dallas, Oregon currently sit.
"Cas—You can't tell this to anyone else. Seriously. Just—not yet."
"I just wish he were here."
Sam could've sworn she looked almost sad, hesitating carefully before speaking. "Was your father.." she winced, biting her lip, and he could tell she was reconsidering her question. "Would he have been—against homosexuality? In any way? You know, did he ever say something? Or do something, maybe?" Her eyes widened. "Sam—has Dean ever been in a male relationship before?"
-------------------------------------
He would have to ask Dean later. She finished with the order, handing him a receipt, a cheery 'thank you,' and Cas stepped out of the warm diner into the darkened evening, looking down to check the total. There seemed to be a scribbled note, showing through from the back of the thin paper.
When you truly love someone, the only thing that can affect their appearance is how you think of them.
He only gets a few feet before the curved clawed feet of the chair appear once again, only inches away from his face. A black, buckled boot presses against his throat, lifting his chin upwards until he is forced to meet the cold, darkened eyes.
Well Dean hadn't expected the day to go this way. It had actually started out pretty great. The diner they visited for breakfast had his favorite cherry almond pie, and Sammy had been in a good mood for once. The motel's water pressure was awesome, despite the pink shower-head, and he had planned on taking a long shower before tramping out to investigate the new job. Vamps. An easy one, at long last.
Dammit, for once in his godforsaken mess of a life, Dean wanted to be the source of something good, and real, and beautiful. He wanted to be something—
-Charlie
"What are you doing?"
"Sam?
societies."
“Art. Hope. Dreams. ...
And now there is one more memory to add to that face.
It sounded absurd, finding normalcy in an Angel of the Lord. Finding comfort in his touch, fondness in his smile. Finding irritation in the roll of his eyes, and familiarity in his closeness.
Hannah folded her hands on the desktop in front of her, and considered her next words. "The angels—and myself—fear that you are… abandoning your duty as one of Heaven's soldiers."
"Great. Awesome. Pie.
"If you like cowboys so much, why don't you wear cowboy hats or boots?" Cas asked, still not taking his eyes away from the TV.
Cas flushed and fidgeted against the movie stand. He sensed real curiosity ebbing off of Dean, but Cas knew if he spoke the
Sam was looking at him funny, so Dean retreated to the still steamy bathroom to put on his suit. Hunting was the last thing he wanted to do at the moment. But at least it might succeed in taking his mind off of a certain angel.
Cas. It felt comfortable. The past 24 hours had felt like standing in the middle of a snow-blanketed forest. Peaceful. Even, almost happy.
Cas swallowed roughly, and Dean thought he could see one tear fall fast and sudden off the angel's cheek, landing soundlessly on their folded hands.
Dean chuckled under his breath. "You're really somethin', you know that, Cas?"
Cas smiled at the girl's words. He could think of at least three people who needed to hear something like this. And one of them was waiting for him.
Neither of them have ever gotten a chance like this: to truly and honestly contemplate the idea of allowing themselves happiness, peace. Taking time to consider the
He still looked horribly sad, and Dean lifted the angel's chin, staring into the ocean eyes, trying to tell him
Shit, this was going to be difficult. But if Cas could spill his innermost admirations with perfect sincerity, then Dean could do something to fix this awkwardness that still hung in the space between them. He was tired of its staleness, of its intrusion. And he knew why it was there.
They had pulled into the parking lot, Dean's thoughts still screaming.
Turning around, he saw the disassembled pieces of his pistol, and sighing, reached over to put them back together.
Cas pulls himself to his feet, angel blade dangling uselessly from one hand. He meets Jack's terrified eyes, and knows there is no choice, not for him. Not for a father. So he whispers a silent apology to his best friend, his
"Sam has like fifty-three bookshelves in his room, and I've got some old guns, a typewriter. Y'know," Dean shrugged. "The stuff that makes your room
The waves crashed over him, dangerous, quiet, suffocating.
” he screams, and the prayers from Dean suddenly stop, as if he heard the angel’s call.
Neither of them had spoken a word, but the lack of conversation hadn't caused discomfort as it so often did. They'd said so much to each other in the past few hours, that the silence felt more like an emphasis on their time together, a shared knowledge that they were comfortable simply taking in the sound of Baby's wheels riding the road, the faint, indecipherable lyrics of Led Zeppelin's Best playing from Cas's mix tape, and knowing that they still had time to spend.
fallen in
Cas simply stared out the window, yet Dean thought he could see the angels' shoulders and chest quivering slightly.
something dangerous.”
He needs someone who owes him a big favor. Rufus, unfortunately, is just that sort of someone.
The woman from before steps out from a shadowy corner. “Struggling will do nothing. I am here to help you.”
Their skin, no longer youthful and glowing, has nonetheless been the comforting warmth that has kept you alive, and the soft touch you feel every night.
When Cas wakes, it’s slowly.
Dean glanced at the note. It was an address to a motel near their own, only a few minutes drive away. Dean groaned silently. Of all the times to get hit on by a pretty girl.
One of the few right notions Castiel had ever had.
,' no note—Cas, you just
"No," Dean says just as Cas answers with a yes.
He'd chosen to follow him, to stay with him.
So he found the nearest alleyway, and walked to the diner from there. The room was warm, and smelled of fresh tomatoes, and french fries and burgers. Cas had always liked diners. They possessed a certain… warmth. And no matter which diner you went to, no matter how far apart, the warmth was always there, familiar and beckoning.
Dean huffed, although he knew it was a pretty accurate statement.
So after that… he'd been locked up in the bathroom. Which hadn't worked, because two idiot demons came sticking their noses where they shouldn't have, and then he'd drunk their blood, and then headed out to find Dean and Cas, who were supposed to be killing Famine.
said conversation."
of surprise, and without speaking a word, joins Cas on the floor.
“Cause— and correct me if I’m wrong— but I’m pretty sure you owe me one. A
The bunker was quiet. Sam slept.
Dean breathes a short exhale.
Straight-backed. And terribly uncomfortable.
"You good?"
It hits him, then, the unwelcome epiphany.
, because the ball and chain of 'family' had died with Dean.
Cas put the bible back in the drawer, looking confused and defeated, but Dean thought he could see a faint smile, as if Dean's laughter had rubbed off on him.
Sighing deeply, Sam hoped his brother would forgive him when this was all over.
"-when we could've had so
“—you’re here and he’s here and I’m here, all in the same damn place and you are going to
And then the longing, the desire, to hear those two words just one more time.. One more time, and then he would finally do it, one more time, and he could die in peace, one more time, again and again, those two words pulled his bleeding body from the nail, and told him to get up, to keep fighting.
Dean opened his mouth, and held up a hand, but Cas interrupted with a sigh. "Yes. I will find pie."
, Cas," Dean sighed. "I thought love was about wanting to have sex."
Forcing a smile, she jotted down the order, but knocked over their water glasses on the way back. Dean only chuckled, and helped her soak up the spillage.
Cas is so
Dean winces as the car jolts. “So... you just- never made a move on me? Cause you thought I didn’t feel the same way- that this,
, I need you to hear this. I'm begging you, man. Stay."
and he knew it was a dream. One time, Dean smiled at him, and he knew it was his wishful thinking. But mostly, Dean said "
Dean strides up to his angel in a sudden fit of happiness. One kiss is
"Dean, why are you the only person who refuses to believe in your own goodness? Everyone who knows you, sees it, but you—you can only see yourself the way our enemies see you, as destructive, and angry; broken. But," he stared deeper into Dean's eyes, chest heaving, yet feeling calmer than he had in a long while because Dean needed to hear this, and dammit, he was going to listen.
stuff too, but I just—"
WHAT'S UP BITCHES.
Cas was still giving Dean an odd look, but then he said calmly: "I already knew about Lee. About your memories with him. Everything."
Apparently, Castiel wasn't feeling too fantastic either.
Charlie looked up from the laptop. "You did? What happened?"
Dean raised his eyebrows, and playfully jabbed at the angel's bare arm, prompting an indignant squint from Cas.
A few diners nearest to their table were staring curiously at the display of intensity, but Cas ignored them, focusing solely on the man in front of him, the only thing that mattered. "You raised your little brother for love. You fought for this whole world for love. That is who you are, Dean: the most caring man on earth, and because you cared, I cared, and if you are not deserving of happiness, then no one is."
Time to find out what had happened while he'd been chained to the sink. Thank God—kinda literally—that this was the last section.
"Hon…if there's one thing I've learned in all my years on the road, it's when somebody is pining for somebody else," she met his eyes, not looking away.
"Well, shucks Cas. No one gives compliments like that anymore, people are gonna think you haven't spent the last decade hanging out with us humans," Dean forced out jokingly, the effect of Cas's words felt almost.. Numbing. What was he meant to do with a compliment like that?
were here, and dammit, he was tired of being a source of pain. He was tired of being the reason for his best friend's unhappiness.
“Oh— oh no, you guys didn’t make him eat that thing, did you?” Sam walks into the map room, and Dean has never been more grateful for his brother: the interrupting moose.
?—" Dean hissed, and he almost pounded his fist into the steering wheel, but the look on Cas's face stopped him.
Dean attempts to swat at the taller man; Sam dodges. “Leave me and my old-ness alone.”
“Dean,” he clears his throat. “You know- I always wondered, ever since I made the deal, I wondered what it could be, what… what my true happiness could even look like.”
He finally fell, choking down the words he couldn't speak, his knees hit the hard concrete, knife and gun clattering to the ground.
The dark haired angel nodded solemnly, then said, "I think you should tell Sam, however."
“Bondmates.”
If Cas didn't know better, he would have said Dean looked terribly sad just then, as if his thank you had brought up memories he'd rather regret than face head-on.
He joked about needing to teach Cas the basics of privacy, but he knew the truth. How many hours would Dean have spent sobbing in his room, in his car, in the shower, if Cas had not broken through the door. How many times would Dean have killed himself by now, if Cas had not been the one lingering hope in the back of his mind. Cas was the reason Dean was still alive, in more ways than one.
“A-Alright.” Cas stammers.
Cas's eyes widened at the touch, but he didn't flinch or move away. He only looked down at their entwined hands, seemingly mesmerized at the feeling of Dean's fingers in his. "
“Dean? What’s up?” Sam mutters.
“Old room? Why isn’t he using it anymore?” Charlie picks up her bags and steps down the hallway, Sam following suit.
"I fear my reputation has forever destroyed any chance I previously had of finding an angelic mate, Dean. So, no, if that is what you are asking: I haven't found anyone yet."
Cas leans down to murmur in Dean’s ear. “Tea or coffee?”
Cas smiles softly, blue eyes shining in the kitchen’s dim lighting. “Right.”
Cas met his eyes. "Regardless, I want you to know that it meant a lot to me. It still does."
, and gripped him tightly, held him with all the strength he had because he didn't know how much longer he would have the chance to do so. The truth, all of it, was pouring out of him, he couldn't stop it, and this would either be the end, or the beginning. Cas would know everything.
Cas stops him with another kiss, and Dean hums into it before realizing he hadn’t finished what he’d been saying. Not that it matters.. Not that anything currently matters besides this, right here, Cas’s—
Dean mutters, pulling out the plug to the griddle. The pancakes are far too brown around the edges. Oh well. They'd both eaten worse.
He hugs each of them in turn, stooping down for Dean.
"Okay first of all, I really wish you hadn't done that, because it's caused me quite a bit of trouble," Janitor Boy frowns. "Secondly, I didn't see you through the security cameras, I—"
"Heh. Bet the manager never figured an actual angel would be standing in his motel room reading—man, could they have
Dean inhaled slowly, trying to think of an answer that didn't sound like another apology. "Don't mention it."
“You’ll have to wait and see” Jack replies primly, and begins spreading slices of butter on the still-warm stack of pancakes, much to Cas’s disgust.
"You'll have to talk to me while I clean. And you're going to help, so put down the guitar," Janitor Boy frowns, checking his own watch. He mutters words Dean can't catch, however the gist is relatively easy to comprehend, considering the extremity of the guy's glare.
"You can't come, can you? More angel problems?"
ALSO: can we all agree than John Winchester fucking sucks? Seriously, I didn't even have to make up most of this shit.
Sam had no adequate answer to that. He rolled the window down, Dean started the engine with a grumbling purr, and they set off down the fogged lonely road.
"Can we please drop—"
It reminds him of his high school teachers, who would tell him that being pretty couldn't get him good grades. Couldn't get him into college. As if going to college was ever an option for Dean Winchester.
"…June 5th. A Saturday," Janitor Boy deadpans, then frowns. "Look, are you alright?" He edges a bit closer, and Dean is hit with the realization that this is the first time he's ever seen this guy up close.
Ten months since.
"No. I've been through rough times too." His voice is firm, and Dean believes him.
A frenzied, unthinking madness seared through his hands, and grabbing up the weapons, Dean stumbled towards the front door of his room. Once, twice, eleven times, he stabbed the blade through the door. When that ceased to hold the voice back, Dean used his fists, punched them relentlessly against the wood until each knuckle was dripping blood. Still he kept swinging, stopping only when the dizziness took hold, and he fell against the door, back sliding down the punctured, bloody surface. He imagined the red smears on the back of his jacket, and felt a flicker of satisfaction at having finally created a mess he could
The other side of the large bed remained smooth and cold, covers folded neatly under a straightened pillow.
before he could forget them.
"Jody?"
His fingers brush against a worn slip of paper.
Happiness. Pride. Quiet, and solemn: but obvious in the absence of any joking remarks, obvious in the way Sam looks as if any moment he might walk over for a hug, obvious in the way Sam says his next words. “Thank you, Dean.”
Cas huffs. "I would argue the opposite, Dean, seeing as your primary purpose for bringing up the topic of pancakes was to detain me from
Better to not get his hopes up. Better to not plan ahead like that, to assume they'd even SEE next week.
your brother," he insisted stubbornly.
Bits and pieces of the dream come back to him. He remembers the fog, and blue eyes.
Dean's breathing froze, and he stared at Cas with startled hurt. "Wh—"
"Oh! I’m sorry, sir—" she'd said, and Dean had almost laughed. As if she had actually
https://twitter.com/stiIIbeautiful
"Well, thanks, Cas. It wasn't too bad. It was nice to have Lee, as an escape, ya know? But it didn't last long."
"She's fine. She'll visit in a day or two," Sam assures him, and sighing, settles down into a seat. "She's beautiful Dean, and you should see her with a blade," Sam laughs, remembering. "Almost stabbed me when we first met— she thought
"Cas…."
She leans back in her chair with a satisfied smirk and an impatient wave of her hand.
hopefully I fixed em.
The diner was bustling with a variety of locals, all out for lunch. Dean spotted a few couples who were obviously out on dates, and he wondered what kind of cheapskate would bring his girl to a crappy diner like this. Must be a small town. Either that, or these chicks had very low standards.
Dean had a sudden memory of his own father taking him to a bar when he was young. Only 5 years old, or so.
School has ended for the semester, having finally given in to the lazy days of summer vacation, and Dean is grateful for the vacant campus. Less people around, fewer schedules to memorize, more time to sleep.
The entity walks casually after them, continuing its monologue.
big sister!”
"Does Cas think they sound stupid?"
Dean rested his head back. "Tell me something
Dean took a deep breath, and opened his eyes. Cas was here
Even though he rubbed his skin raw in the shower, even though he scrubbed his lips so hard they bled, even though he vomited in the motel bathroom to escape the taste, to escape the memory, the memory that sure as hell wasn't pretty.
"No, Charlie—" Sam smiled, amused at her horrified expression. "It's fine, I didn’t dig too deep. But I was confused about one thing, because some people call them 'Destiel,' and some call them 'CasDean,' or 'DeanCas,' so—"
----------------------------
It was then that Cas wondered if even their friendship was one-sided. Perhaps his love for Dean hadn't stretched past the solace he gained from feeling the bond, and now that it was gone, he could see how little Dean truly cared. Of course, he understood now, why Dean had made him leave. To save his brother.
