After he finished and submitted his test, he grabbed his backpack and ran outside in a beeline towards the quite spot under the tree, in the back of the school.
why did you say that I’ll hit you? Have people hurt you because of it? Give me names and I’ll hurt them”
What he didn’t expect to see was a yellow color filling out one tooth, also that black dots would also pop up on his hand indicating a five o’clock shadow, and finally a black eye patch was added.
That’s how they spent the rest of the time, with Sherlock talking animatedly about all the things he wants to discover, and with John listening with a blinding smile on his face.
“OMG!” he shouted and finally got their attention “Are you two soul-mate?! How is that even possible?! John, you’re 16! And Sherlock! You’re just 12!”
After a minute or so the door finally opened and Sherlock strode in like he owned the place, and John slid in behind him.
Before he could react to the fact that he just talked with his soul mate, he feels more itches on the tips of his fingers, when he looks he sees on each individual finger A, B, C and D, and on his palm, he reads
John got up from his seat and strode towards the sound, which came from the microwave, ‘Of course’ thought John, ‘Of course the phone is in the microwave, along with the… wait’
John raised his head from his newspaper to see that Sherlock is still in his mind palace, ‘five hours now, I wonder how his palace is decorated’ John thought fondly, but the affectioness feeling was soon replaced with irritation when another
‘Oh right, he’s in princess mode’ chuckled John, ‘Sherlock in a dress and a tiara is not a bad picture, now, that’s something I’d like to see’ he thought with rosy cheeks. He made a mental note to ask Sherlock about the escape button that he just found, and took the beeping phone.
He didn’t appreciate them before, not properly, it’s not one color, it’s grey and blue and green and gold and…. wow, just, wow. But now it’s not the time, now he has a question he needs to ask. So, he cleared his throat and continued “What are you doing here?”
“…That’s so awesome! How long did it happen?!!! I’ve never heard of this before, that’s amazing! Do you think that we all can do it, or is it something only for the two of you? How did you discover it? How long did you two talk? Is that why you were sad before? How does it work? You two can be famous! You two would be such a cute couple! Mayb-“
John couldn’t realize why she’s drawing another bee until she finished, and then she left John giggling on his bed. Emma never felt this good in a long time.
John doesn’t know how long they sat there on the floor outside the laboratories holding hands, maybe a few hours, maybe less than 10 seconds, but when they heard Mike giggles behind the lockers they drew apart and John felt that it wasn’t enough, like he could stay in that moment for the rest of his life, just sitting there, holding hands and stare into each other's eyes, it will be spectacular.
Doing as he’s told, he tried again “I’ve never h-heard someone c-complimenting my eyes s-so seriously”
John’s grandmother didn’t talk right away, she first learned to him, and rested her head on the palm of her hand as she raised a brow and the corner of her mouth quirked up, and a dreamy sigh escaped her lips.
Most of the times, it was Sherlock who did the drawings (even though it was mostly just the word “bored” in different fonts, colors, and styles), and because he was homeschooled, and was free most of the time to terrorize John’s arm with pens and markers.
Later that day, at half-past two in the morning, John woke his pleasant sleep to the familiar prickling feeling.
Then he remembered how Sherlock told him that sometimes when he feels needs to be alone, he sometimes breaks into the school’s labs. At that his head shot up and stared at the kid next to him, still not moving his head up.
Which is the second thing, he talked to Sherlock, his soul-mate, the most amazing person he ever met, it’s not even supposed to be possible, which adds to his excitement, they’re special, he just knows it, there’s something special about the two of them, something rare, unique. He just hopes Sherlock will find something because he has a feeling that Sherlock will not rest until he’ll get answers.
“Double date, or… wait, who else knows about it? Am I the only one?! Did you two meet because of me?!”
Sherlock started to calm down first, so he picked up his lockpicks and started again to pick the labs door
“Mike, go away” he heard Sherlock say in an annoyed tone as he got up and stood above him with a smirk and a waiting hand.
No matter how much time he dedicates to learn, no matter how many times Harry found him at 3 am with his nose in the textbook, no matter how much time he spent with his tutor. Nothing helped, he still failed every single test this semester.
“Don’t apologize, Johnny, I would never be mad at you for wanting to say happy birthday for your soul-mate.” Emma said with a knowing smirk as she grabbed his arm gently and rolled back the sleeve to see his creation “It’s very good, but such an interesting combination, bees, skulls, and smileys. Must be an interesting person”, she passed his arm back, and a mischievous look twinkled in her eyes. “I only wish that you have told me, but I guess that I understand that, you wanted to keep it to yourself as long as you could”
And John told Sherlock about himself (even though there’s not a lot to talk about, and that in John’s opinion, that it’s not very interesting). He told him about his family, Harry, his mother’s drinking problem and how he fears that Harry is going down the same way, about his thoughts to join the rugby team next year, he shared his dream of becoming a surgeon in the future.
“So… Let’s start over, I’m John and I guess that I’m your soul-mate” he said as he held out his hand to shake, and just as he hoped, it made the other snicker. Sherlock pulled his head up a little, and with a twinkle in his eyes answered
John thought as he wiped the tears that rolled down, quite pointlessly actually, since they’re just got replaced with new ones,
4. You are too (And don’t tell me you’re not, or that you have homework to do, you’ve already done them yesterday)
John stopped talking when he noticed that his grandma had shed tears. After a lot of convincing that they were happy tears, Emma decided that she’ll leave for now, mostly because she has a feeling that Sherlock will respond soon. But not before taking John’s arm and leaving a note of her own.
Yes, we know each other; we are soul-mates; we don’t know how it’s possible for us to communicate; It’s going on for about two years now; we like to think that we are somehow special; we discovered it when John was about to fail his chemistry test and needed help, it was a bet, but a good one; again, two years; I guess that I was the reason why he was bitter earlier, so, yes; It works as expected, you write something and it appears on the other’s arm; yes, you’re the only one that knows, so please, don’t tell anyone; No, you will not be a groomsman; yes, blue will complement John’s eyes; No, we will- What?”
One time he drew a yellow smiley face, a gun and dotted the smiley, repeatedly, with a red marker. Underneath it, he wrote in bold characters, with the same red marker “BORED”.
John is a nervous mess by the time he gets to the destined place where Sherlock told him to meet (At the playground near the school). He got there a little earlier than the time they set (they [Sherlock] said they’ll meet at 3 pm, but John arrived at half past two, just in case) and sat on the swings to wait for his soul-mate to appear.
Overall, they were happy, they talked and doodled, got to know each other, talked about their days, their hobbies, thoughts, everything.
When they got to the school, they laughed like old buddies, Mike with full body laugh and John with fake ones. It’s not that he didn’t find the stories funny, he just wasn’t in the right mood to laugh, but every distraction right now is welcome.
“Bloody children, all of them” Emma, the grandma grumbled as she opened John’s door the reveal her 16 years old grandson scribbling something on his arm under the bedside lamp.
Relief washed over John that this wasn’t a one-time thing, but he still felt a little bad for disturbing his soul mate
(This one made John snort in the middle of class, and the teacher was not happy about it, and when he answered the question of “What did you find so funny?” with “My soul-mate” at the age of 14, no one took him seriously and with an eye roll the teacher continued the lesson)
“oh I’m sorry, John this is Sherlock Holmes, I moved next door to his family. Sherlock, this is John Watson, he’s an old friend of mine”
John search the library for Moby dick while Sherlock was in his mind palace, you know, as usual, when a familiar “Ding” was heard from Sherlock phone and pulled him back to reality and snatched the phone to see if lestrade had any updates about their correct case.
, he thought grimly, going through the possible questions in his head, all the questions that he doesn’t have the answer to.
“You can sit over there,” Sherlock points at a stool near a table “I’ll fetch the equipment” and with that, he walked into the lab closet.
John never really talked with them, he never really had a reason to. This ability is supposed to appear in 17 y/o, but at 14, he’s not supposed to be able to do it.
“No problem” John answered, and watched as the kid tensed, and he thought that maybe he felt the same thing.
But, not surprisingly, Sherlock ignored him and went back to the living room while answering the messages.
He tried to say something, anything! But nothing comes out. “Oh, stop gaping John, you look like a fish, it doesn’t suit you,” she says with a frown that’s not going to convince anyone.
Sherlock’s eyes widened and he rolled his own sleeve to look at his arm. John couldn’t see from his angle anything, except the boney pale hand twitch under the kid’s intense gaze upon it. A slow smile crossed his face as he raised his arm to John’s eye level to reveal the message written there.
“ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?! WHY IN THE HELL WOULD YOU SET YOUR ALARM TO HALF PAST FIVE IN THE BLOODY MORNING?!?!”
‘The physics, the logic, the need to understand humans, all the his ‘philosophy’ (John rolled his eyes mentally at this one), it all makes sense now…’
Earlier that day, just as he set his foot in the house, he ran to his room and grabbed his new camera and snapped a photo of his arm, especially, a photo of the question that started their conversation. Afterward, he ran to the bathroom and cleaned his arm the best he could, he didn’t want anyone to know, he wanted a secret, something that was only his and Sherlock’s.
The voice shook him out of his venomous mind and he turned around to face the person who called his name.
He looked at his arm and saw that they no longer had any place on this arm, so he wrote on a patch of clean skin
This whole situation is ridiculous, this morning his plans were just to do his homework in history and afterward maybe talk Sherlock, or to catch up on Doctor Who. But then he was on his way to the playing ground that he hasn’t set his foot on for at least for ten years, to meet his soul-mate. But then he turned tail and ran away only to come across Mike, an old lad who he hadn’t talked to in years, who just happened to be back in town, who just happened to start living next door to the Holmes’s, and who just happened to be going to the same place that Sherlock just happen to be in. and now here he is, in school after hours, with his soul-mate that not even half an hour ago, was too afraid to meet, whose red in the face because his old mate is now talking about their wedding, and! Wait
Every Time he thinks he’s about to find it, Sherlock suddenly appears behind him with a raised eyebrow, an amused smirk and with that something in his eyes, ‘fear? maybe’ John thinks, but he just mentally shakes his head and with defeat, he returns the phone to its owner and returns to his room to write in his notebook.
After about an hour and a half, Sherlock suddenly broke the comforting silence with the declaration that it IS, in fact, the same ink, and that he wants to do more experiments on the subject. And he looked so happy and free while he talked about it that John could not stop himself from smiling a huge toothy smile at it
“It’s not a hard question, are they cute? Adorable, charming, delightful, precious, loveable, perky, sexy,” Emma said as she wiggled her brows, and John turned another shade of red darker “well?”
“Bad luck, mate,” Lestrade winced. “Me and the missus didn’t meet until I was in my thirties, though. Could still happen for you.”
“Our friends will tell him,” Sherlock replied in a deadened monotone. “Better to warn him, in advance. You’re far more likely to be forgiven if he believes you’re forthright.”
“You probably saw that coming,” he said, blowing white smoke through his teeth. “I didn’t. Stupid, yeah, okay, I’m a right moron. She’s never been what you might call
Bill Murray used to call him “Wee Watson,” and John used to knock him around a bit when he did. Giant git. John really ought to reply to one of Murray’s emails, but he'd been avoiding anything with the
“My decision on this matter is final,” Mycroft announced, in something more like his usual tone. “Your guilt serves no function.”
, isn’t it? And Helios couldn’t be more refined. You and I suited well enough, but we aren’t matched. Did you think something like that could last forever? We should be grateful.”
“Vickie’s leaving me,” the DI announced, apropos of nothing. Sherlock glanced at him out of the corner of his eye.
“All right,” Mycroft acquiesced. “The timing seems to confirm your suspicion. I believe the name on Eurus’s hand was ‘Hadiya.’”
The word JOHN was like that. Solid. A square block of text; no messing about with JONATHAN or JOHANNES or JÁNOS. Mycroft had a János in his form at school. He was a weasley sort of fellow, and Sherlock was relieved that his name had not shown up on Sherlock’s hand.
.) Sally was a bint, but she’d served a purpose tonight: it would be worth the invasion of his privacy if Lestrade saw fit to warn Molly Hooper off. Rejecting people’s sexual advances—be they man or woman—made the Consulting Detective’s skin crawl.
“I’ll be okay,” John said again. She finally looked back at him, and there was an open, fragile kind of fear in her eyes. It twisted John’s stomach as he recalled the last time he’d seen that particular look, dripping blood and snot from her freckled nose. Da did have a talent for making Harry cry. “I’ll come home,” John told her.
“Sherlock,” Lestrade sighed, looking inexplicably fond. “She fancies you. It’s obvious, even to a moron like me.”
“She’s not suicidal.” Sherlock couldn’t begin to understand Eurus’s motivations, but he knew she did not wish to die. She would never let the world off so easily.
“You are welcome to return home, either to Surrey or to the townhouse, provided you are clean and sober. I can tell from your breathing and your choice of accommodation that you are not.”  Mycroft’s voice was still sneering, but Sherlock could detect the hint of pain buried underneath. “Sherlock, I can provide you with the best possible treatment. The finest facility in the country. Our parents and Anthea are so desperately worried. Let me help you.”
John closed his eyes and surrendered to it. John hadn’t surrendered much in nearly twenty years—not since he grabbed an angry, spotty, crying Harry by the hand and hauled her out the door. Put her into the backseat of his rusted-out Ford Cortina, and drove away from his father’s drunken rage. Was this what it felt like, to watch your life flash before your eyes? If so, John couldn’t decide whether he was getting the Best of John Watson, or his outtakes reel.
John smiled, flicking once more before he crawled his way up her quivering body. Dark hair, light eyes. Legs for days. John loved many kinds of women, but he had to admit that this was his favorite.
Harry grinned, and then took another pull of the flattened soda. She offered it to John, but he shook his head. His stomach was in the kind of knots you have to cut apart with a knife.
Father and Mummy glanced at each other again. They weren’t smiling. When Mycroft’s soulname came in, there had been cake and bright laughter at the dinner table. Sherlock was only four at the time, but his memory was excellent. He remembered the fond looks Mummy gave to Father then, and the taste of chocolate icing on his tongue. Mycroft refused to wrap the finger, despite the scabs.
Harry repeated the letters quietly, the way she did any time she was memorizing the look of something instead of really reading. “What’s it spell?”
. His compression bandage—self-applied, and soaked to the point of uselessness—was ripped away. The burn of quick-and-dirty cauterization, to stem the blood flow. Oh God, oooh God,
“I’ll come and get you, after things die down a bit.” John’s mother visibly wavered, rocking back and forth on her sensible black heels. Her right hand gripped her left, squeezing in an unconscious rhythm.
“Won’t they?” She asked. Her eyes were dry but distant behind her big, round glasses. “He wouldn’t—he wouldn’t want me to leave. In the middle of a party.”
“Even if the fag-haters don’t string you up, they’ll still be shooting at you,” Harry murmured, still looking down.
Sherlock’s small room in Saunderites House was his home for the better part of four years. He’d spent the first two as a woefully under-aged Lower School menace. Starting his fourth form at age 10 may have made sense academically, but it turned Sherlock into a complete pariah. He reacted like a cornered alley cat—lashing out with sharp rhetorical claws, ready to rip and tear and maul. His deductions hadn’t made him many friends among his much-older classmates. The professors weren’t terribly fond of Sherlock, either, come to that.
to think he’d even mentioned the possibility—but his usual mode of dress was more formal than Victor’s. Wool trousers with a windowpane pattern. Good leather boots. Knit turtleneck to disguise the (frankly absurd) length of his pale neck. Victor’s gaze traveled over him in a way that made every part of Sherlock’s body tingle.
John had been in Afghanistan for nine brutal months. He was the kind of short you couldn’t miss, and that—coupled with the posh man’s name on his hand—meant John spent more time than most swinging his fists. He didn’t much mind.
Sherlock blinked, startled. He did not betray his unease physically, but he took the phone and turned away quickly. The phone was interesting, but it didn’t really belong to the stranger. A secondhand gift. Sherlock turned it once in his hand, observing.
John opened his mouth, and then shut it again. He could feel his nostrils flaring, but he still wasn’t getting enough air. Clara watched him for another moment before taking him by the hand and pulling him into the quiet kitchen.
“Someday, you will come to understand the power of excellent grooming,” Mycroft mused. “But I suppose you are still a child.”
“Come home?” Mycroft repeated. He must have been truly surprised, because Mycroft never repeated anyone’s words.
John turned off the radio and put on his trainers. He scrubbed a hard hand through his hair, squared his shoulders. Da didn’t usually notice their comings-and-goings, but it was a bad day when either Watson child wasn’t where Da thought they ought to be. John definitely hadn’t come in the door with Harry that day. If his sister would just
Sebastian’s blue eyes widened and his jaw stiffened. “Of course I do! What kind of question is that?”
Sherlock pressed his lips together, hard, and watched the water run clear and cold along the back of his hand. “Go. No! Look. Tell me what it says.”
If Mycroft’s mind was a supercomputer, and Sherlock’s a ravenous beast, than Eurus had a brain like a magnifying glass. She could use it to see clearly, observe closely, and then she could burn everything that came into her view to ash.
“Anthea and I will be there for Leavers’ Day. She’s looking forward to it. Do make an effort with your hair.”
“When’s the last time you had something to eat?” Sherlock shrugged. The older man sighed, “I brought you a sarnie. Eat it, and I’ll go.”
“Guess so. Her dad’s got some new business scheme; greeting card something-or-other. Looks daft as shit. The cards are in boxes all over the house.”
“I need the answers for the last few questions. My solution didn’t look right, toward the end.” Ulysses was advancing on Sherlock quickly. He had a martial glint in his eye.
Sherlock never let himself cry. The bruised cheekbone, the split lip, the bloodied knee—he wore these like badges of honor. Like a shield.
“Isn’t it?” She replied, raising one thick eyebrow. “It’s not your problem, John. You didn’t put a bottle in her hand at age twelve, and command her to
“It’s all right, John,” the taller man breathed, his other hand pressing hard on John’s neck. “It’s not a gay thing. Not really. Sometimes a bloke just has to... get off, you know? Gets boring wanking by yourself in your bunk, day after day.”
Helen smiled, but her eyes were puzzled. “Do you think he’ll mind? That you’re so... Erm. That you aren’t waiting?”
“You’ll forgive my confusion. You are, in fact, homeless. You have expensive... habits. You have no access to your trust fund, per our parents’ strict instructions—”
Harry was sitting unnaturally still, like she’d been slipped a paralytic in her clotted cream. Only her eyes moved—blinking, blinking—until she finally unstuck her jaw and scowled at John. “So what?”
Sherlock sat a long time on his bed, feeding his snarling brain. His stomach grumbled, too, but much more quietly. He ignored it. Supper was nearly over, and Sherlock had missed the deadline to deliver his chemistry lab to Ulysses for copying. Even if he went now, he'd get a
Sherlock looked down. The sharp lines of text were still angry, but the name was short and simple enough to read. In English, too, which was never guaranteed.
“Quite right,” Sebastian agreed. He narrowed his eyes, taking in Sherlock’s wan face and shaking hands. “You need a hit? I can cut you a deal on the new line. Haven’t had the chance to road test it yet, so you’ll have to be my guinea pig.”
Ulysses slouched off without a backward glance. Sherlock’s heart gradually slowed, and he could feel the ill feeling in his stomach begin to fade. He spun on his heel, away from the dining hall, and hurried back toward the dormitory, and the relative safety of his private room.
John was lifted into the air. Stretcher. At least two medics, then. Three, because someone kept pressure on his shoulder as they ran. There was a good reason that voice kept screaming at John to stay awake, but John couldn’t quite put the pieces together. He’d never been so cold. He wished someone would make him a decent cup of tea. He wished he had a soft place to sit, and maybe a fire going in the hearth. He wished he wasn’t so damn alone.
“Ah! Molly. Coffee. Thank you.” Sherlock passed back John’s phone, seemingly distracted by the coroner’s arrival. John took the mobile with his dominant left hand. The letters SHE were clearly visible near the hamate bone.
) While Sherlock mulled it over, the persistent, itchy ache of his inner elbows faded a bit. Enough. For tonight, it was enough.
“Sherlock,” Harry said, tasting the word on her tongue, cracking the final k. “Gran’s right. Sounds like a posh git.” John checked the back windows were clear before giving her a two-fingered salute. Harry just laughed and laughed.
“Victor is no longer supporting you. And so I must assume you’ll acquire your particular vice through trade. What exactly is your trade, again?”
“Mycroft Holmes.” Mummy clenched her jaw. “Eurus is our daughter. We are not leaving her alone in that—that
felt wrong right now. At least his clothing felt familiar, and safe. Like he could armor himself every morning in layers of cotton and leather and wool.
He swung around, bringing up the Sig just as a bullet blasted into the ground near his skidding feet. He didn’t hesitate. John dropped to his knee, raised the pistol in both hands, and sighted the enemy combatant where he ducked below a distant berm. Long shot for the Sig Sauer, but manageable. Hopefully the arsehole didn’t have a GPMG hidden away over there. John waited for the first sign of movement over the obstruction.
“It’s not a danger night, Lestrade,” Sherlock muttered, not altogether truthfully. “You needn’t be here.”
Harry’s nostrils flared, but the expected sneer never came. Instead, she looked down at her breakfast and licked her lips. “Think that’s likely? A hospital like that?”
Harry attacked the barista with her unique blend of aggressive charm, and the poor man hardly had time to close the till before she was braying, “
“Oi!” John cried, stabbing Harry in the ribs with his toes. “Leave off Mum, or go to your own damn bedroom. I can’t listen to it tonight.”
John tried to smile, but there was come on his hand and James’s masculine smell in his nose. John could hear a voice in his head, so much like his father’s, hissing,
Yes, James Sholto is a Captain here. Keep in mind that he will have more than a decade to advance to Major.
, of course, to pay for sex with some sly girl under cover of darkness, but his options were limited. Unless he wanted to die a virgin, he’d be compromising himself one way or another.
She sent the younger man a hard look. “She doesn’t accept anything less than quid pro quo. Would you?”
Mycroft shook his head and turned his gaze toward the door, where Anthea had last exited. He breathed in, and then sighed between sharp teeth, “
The restaurant was close enough to campus to walk, but not a regular student haunt. Too expensive. Victor smiled at the host in a rather knowing way, and they found themselves seated in a dimly lit corner for two. Despite Sherlock’s insistence that he was not hungry, Victor ordered them a spinach dip to share. It smelled foul. One bite was quite enough of that, but the wine went down well enough. It wasn’t advisable to drink so much on an empty stomach, Sherlock supposed. The server wasn’t inclined to care, however, and Victor certainly seemed pleased.
“No!” He could hear Mycroft draw another breath, but Sherlock cut him off: “Whatever you’ve called to tell me,
I think it's important to understand the culture in which John Watson and Sherlock Holmes came of age. Homophobia was thoroughly systemic throughout the 1980's and 90's. Gay and lesbian people could not serve openly in the UK military until 2000. The legal age of consent for sexual acts between two men was older than the rest of population until 2001. The progress in recent decades has been incredible. Today, LGBTQA+ people in the UK receive Europe's best legal and social protections, and the UK boasts the most out LGBTQA+ politicians in the world.
“Nothing happens that you don’t want,” James soothed, leaning closer. John closed his eyes and his nostrils flared. “Do you, John? Want?”
“Fine!” John finally shouted, then winced his apology to the couple sitting across the aisle. “Just calm down. Most people get quieter when they’re hungover, Harry. Doesn’t your head hurt?”
Lestrade hummed to himself—a simple, repeating stanza, most likely from the radio—until Sally Donovan approached with a sour expression.
There were the awkward strings of unasked-for information—“deductions,” Mummy said, “we shall call them
“She’ll know,” Sherlock said, breaking the silence. “She’ll read the truth on your faces, immediately. It’s no use attempting to
“Right. No.” John took a bracing gulp of Earl Grey and a deep breath. “Have you heard from Mum recently?”
. “We’ll meet there tomorrow evening, seven o’clock.” He met John’s eyes—dark, yes, but an unusual deep blue, beautiful, golden eyelashes—and barreled on. “Sorry. Got to dash. I left my riding crop in the mortuary.”
a boy. You see?” She glanced up, and John nodded through his blush. “Never even a passing fancy. I knew I was attracted to girls, but it was easy to ignore. I just thought,
Harry hummed a little, scrunching her face up in thought. “How you going to hide it, if Gran’s seen? Think she’ll keep it secret?”
“I don’t,” Clara replied with an even, serious voice. “I don’t know. I think it must be. Not that feeling, exactly, but
the John Watson—” He cut himself off with a wince. His left hand was shaking. Mike took a sip from his coffee and glanced down, then seemed to freeze. His eyes widened. John cleared his throat.
It hurt inside John’s chest to walk away. He knew what would follow—the shouting, the swearing, the sound of things falling to the floor. He knew that, at the end of it, Mum and Da would lock themselves in their bedroom until morning. John would put his records on and try to ignore the noise. Sometimes it was awful, and sometimes... well, still awful but in a very different way. Da and Mum were soulmatched—JACK and RACHEL, their third fingers read, and arrived when then were both eleven. Of course, the names were common enough that it might not mean anything at all.
It was stupid, thinking about that right now. About SHERLOCK. About John’s own obituary. He should be thinking of ways to get out of this, to find help, to save his own stupid, useless life. But the shot went through his left shoulder. Dominant hand. Too much damage for full mobility, and that’s if the nerves survived. Odds of a full recovery: slim. So.
“Father won’t be amenable, either, but he will listen to reason. He’s shortened their visits incrementally for the last two years, upon my request. He no longer allows Mummy to visit on her own.”
Sherlock’s razor-sharp tongue saved him from the worst public school boys had to offer, but only barely. And only because now, at age 21, Mycroft Holmes’s name already had an aura of worrisome power behind it. He’d been head boy during his time at Charterhouse, and that wasn’t something people forgot. Like Sherlock, he’d come to school early. Unlike Sherlock, Mycroft had done so with quiet mastery—a skill that ensured his peers both respected and feared him. His name protected his younger brother from the kind of harm you couldn’t heal. Sherlock hated him for it.
John tried. He took a few deep breaths as James used John’s nearby towel to clean them both off. He was gentle. His face betrayed no uneasiness, no disgust. “We’re mates,” John finally whispered. James looked up at him. “You’re my best mate, over here.”
“Really?” Sherlock frowned, walking away from them (from JOHN). “I thought it was a big improvement. Mouth’s too...
“It’s not a party, Mum. It’s a funeral.” John gripped her hand, pressing two fingers against her wrist. Her pulse was quick but steady. “He’d understand.”
“What good does it do?” Mycroft said, almost to himself. “What good could possibly come from knowing the answer, Sherlock?”
Rachel Watson disappeared down the back hall with rounded shoulders and a hand pressed to the wallpaper, as if she might collapse. John watched her carefully until she slipped into her bedroom, closing the door.
Mummy froze in her seat. Father reached for one of her hands, pressing it between both of his own. Anthea’s eyes turned toward Sherlock again, careful and direct. Her ubiquitous BlackBerry was noticeably absent this evening.
Credit to Steven Moffat, Paul McGuigan, and the rest of the BBC Sherlock team for the structure and dialogue of these final chapters. I'm not making any money from this work, and intend no infringement. I also want to acknowledge the frankly astonishing work of Ariane DeVere (aka Callie Sullivan), whose transcripts of the show are incredible. I didn't really use them as source material here, but I have referenced them in the past.
“Suit yourself,” the other man shrugged. “So long as you pay for the product and stay out of my way, it’s fine with me. You can play me something, once in a while—” Sebastian nodded toward Sherlock's violin case, clutched tightly in one hand. “None of that pretentious, new school nonsense, but your Vaughan Williams is nice enough.” Sherlock didn't reply.
Harry was turning a bit red. “There’s nothing wrong with the man staying home with the kids, you colossal pig.”
Harry took the words to heart, breathing shallowly but quietly as the flush receded from her face. She dragged a hand through her frizzing hair and gulped her coffee. The scone still sat, mostly uneaten, on her plate.
John was taken aback. “Yes, sorry, yes. Mike!” They shook hands, and John tried to stop blinking quite so much. “Hello, hi.”
“This?” James rumbled quietly, looking down at his own soulname with soft eyes. “I want to find her. I
“I’m not going to kiss you,” James whispered. John could feel his breath and smell his sweat. “Not on the lips. That’s not what this is. But I want to touch you. Can I touch you, John?”
“Will wonders never cease?” Lestrade grinned. He started to walk away, but pointed a finger over his shoulder. “My office. Tomorrow.”
Captain James Sholto was the smartest man John had ever met, and the least sociable. He was older than John by at least five years, but he had the kind of face that aged kindly. Handsome, but harsh. Their friendship had developed slowly, in a way that was unusual on the battlefield. Most men fell into friendships hard and fast overseas, where the line between
Harry slunk over to open the sash and climb clumsily onto the sill, tossing her bag out first. John kept an ear close to the door, but no footsteps were pounding down the creaking hall outside. With one more quick nod, Harry slipped away into the autumn evening.
, then. Eurus is currently maintaining at least three illicit affairs with staff on the Sherrinford grounds.”
Anthea sighed. “They fancy themselves in love, anyway. Eurus, of course, feels nothing in return. Doesn’t claim to, in fact. It’s the damndest thing.”
wishes. Her prejudices are certainly not your fault, and quite hypocritical, given the name on her own third finger.”
idiot private’s STD. Training to be a field surgeon in the actual field was a bit ludicrous, but he found he rather
Sherlock’s heart swelled automatically, before his stomach dropped hard enough to send him to the sink. He bent over, gagging.
“Why’d she even agree to go out with your type?” Da wondered aloud. John wasn’t meant to answer. “Must be some kind of desperate, to try it on with a poofter.”
. Everyone says it’s unmistakable. No matter how many ‘John’s there are in the world, only one will ever be the
John’s cane rested at a lazy angle against the edge of his desk. He rolled his injured shoulder, felt the pinch in the tight skin of the entry wound on his back. Ten months, and the damned thing still ached every morning. The stretches helped less and less in the frigid mid-winter weather.
“Glad my shoes don’t scream ‘eating for two,’” Anthea remarked dryly. “And no, Mummy, I’m so sorry. But we aren’t expecting.”
Sherlock wasn’t usually embarrassed by things he could not change. He didn’t give much thought to his family’s income, or the state of their cluttered manor home. He knew he was tall, and too thin, and his curly hair went
Lestrade and Sally turned to search the park, brows raised. It was evening, and rather cold, but that didn’t explain the empty streets. It was a neighborhood composed of disconsolate parts—rank alleyways, chained-up schoolyards, and paycheque advance establishments. Cleared out of foot traffic at the mere whisper of police presence. Not even the usual homeless camped out on park benches. A block of government apartments rose up across the way; now and again, a shade flicked aside, revealing the silhouette of a curious onlooker.
“You want me inside you?” John confirmed. Helen made a strangled noise of consent, and then hooked a leg around his hips. John grinned, lined himself up with one hand, and then pressed himself inside her body in a long, smooth glide.
“I believe Margot would object to an arrangement of that sort,” Sherlock answered coldly, eyes flicking toward Sebastian’s left hand. “Not to mention Victor, when he found out.”
John’s shower was short but blissfully cold, and he was reluctant to pull his vest back on once he managed to get dry. Sweat was a fact of life in the desert, but it didn’t mean John liked it. There was a lot about Afghanistan that John didn’t like. Heat. Bugs. Bloody buggering
“Good. Don’t call me again at this number. I’ll let you know when we’re on our way to the airport. And Sherlock?”
I don't know how I'm meant to be writing this. I'm not a writer. Ella thought keeping a blog would help, but it hasn't. Not sure what kind of help it's meant to provide; a bit like whispering into a void, really. The black hole of the world wide web.
— Please, doctor, I already went over there and no one answered, I don’t know who to turn to. You’re my only hope of seeing him.
"Oh, Sherlock… Why don’t you open that note, dear? You’ve been sulking about it for months now… At least you’ll stop wondering, and you can move on…"
‘’Right. Yeah. Wait- no. I’m not here because I need something. I’m here because I wanted to ask if…’’ John had trouble making a sentence, his mind too focused on Sherlock’s opened button-down and all of the feelings that were coming his way now that the detective and him were together again.
The detective couldn’t look away from John, who had come here on his own. Who seemed to want to talk again. He was wondering if this was all a dream like the others he had had in the last few months, but the card and the slight touch of John’s fingers against his felt so real… He decided that even his mind couldn’t make this up.
“Shut up, Mycroft!” Sherlock was breathing hard now. Mycroft didn’t try to interject again. “It’s my decision. It’s my choice, and I choose not to know. Do you understand?”
No. No, terribly unlikely. Mycroft tried to inform Sherlock of his soulmate’s death, nearly a year ago. He had, hadn’t he? Or was that quite right? Sherlock deleted the telephone call shortly thereafter, and couldn’t pull the exact details to mind. The likelihood was slim-to-nil, really, so what was Mike playing at? Sherlock’s lab gloves made texting difficult, but he found he really did not wish to remove them.
John shrugged. “Don’t know. But I want to be a surgeon, Harry. I really want to. You know we’d never be able to make that work, even with two of us. I’ll be okay. This is the best of a bad lot.”
“You know, I have a girlfriend who’s bisexual,” Helen offered with a shrug. “She’s a nurse in the RAMC. Totally butch. The name on her finger is ‘Alex,’ of all things. No idea whether it’s a man or a woman.”
Mycroft considered ignoring the question—the impulse was written all over his pinched face—but, instead, he clucked his tongue. “Our sister’s intellect is unparalleled. A once-in-a-generation genius. To ignore such a resource would be foolhardy.”
!” she gasped again. He hummed his approval, which set off a string of delicious cursing. “Fuck, John, please!
“I’m not! You think those murders out in West London went unsolved because the police were giving it their best and brightest effort? Nobody even bothered publicizing the crimes until Michael Boothe died—”
“I don’t expect I’ll ever find out,” John confessed, quietly, and then swigged his water. “Posh bloody name. Not so many of those in the Middle East.”
“What exactly are we looking to prevent here?” Sherlock demanded. “What is she capable of? From inside Sherrinford?”
He was going to die alone. Alone, bleeding out into the sand of a goddamned wasteland. He was going to die in the sand like so many soldiers before him, and John Watson could only think,
“Yeah, well,” John finally responded. “I don’t think I’ll ever have £40,000 to blow on that sort of thing. He’ll just have to muddle through, like everyone else.”
His father was an English diplomat, his mother Indian by birth, and Victor was exactly the sort of person one expected to emerge from such a union. Beautifully dark-haired and warm-skinned. Confident. Polite. Charming to a fault. Well-liked, in spite of his masculine soulmark... or, perhaps, because of it. Victor certainly wasn’t waiting for his soulmatch to explore his nonstandard inclinations.
“Mmm, I’ve sampled Victor’s castaways before,” Sebastian said with a condescending smile. “He never seemed to mind.” Sherlock was careful not to react to the crude implication. He knew Victor wasn’t faithful during their years together. Sherlock wasn’t an
“Yes, all right, John,” she finally sighed. She reached up to cup his clean-shaven cheek. “Thank you. I’ll just...”
The less he reacted like a human being, the more they left him alone. It had been a tough lesson, but one of the most important.
. It needed winding. Sherlock had subconsciously synced his breathing with that just-barely-uneven metronome tick.
“Do you think Eurus knew for certain?” Sherlock wondered. “Did Hadiya reveal her soulname, in private?”
“Yeah,” Helen nodded. “She’s from some rotten little village in Northern Ireland. Never could’ve afforded it, otherwise.”
“Gran don’t like my soulname,” John said. Harry took back the bottle and set it on the ground between them.
“It isn’t like you can help it! You’d not have a boy’s name if you could!” John appreciated that his sister could get so indignant on his behalf. He couldn’t muster the energy, really—not for his own sake.
I was walking in the park, and I bumped into Doctor Mike Stamford. We were sort of mates when we were students at St. Bart's. We got coffee together, and I mentioned that I wanted to move out of my bedsit. Said I wanted to stay in London, but it seemed impossible with the rents so bloody high. He said he knew of someone else in a similar situation. So we went to the labs at Bart's, and Mike introduced us.
The clock ticked. Sherlock breathed. Mycroft, it seemed, did not. Anthea practically vibrated her concern. That
Lestrade found Sherlock on the roof of the London Business School after dark—directed there, no doubt, by the British Government himself. He had a large sandwich in a paper bag and a worried expression on his face.
“You finish the chemistry lab?” The imbecile wanted to know. Ulysses Forrester. Second-year Specialist, adequate footballer, and all-around moron.
John admired the graceful arch of her back as she stretched. She caught him at, still smirking, and swung her bare legs off the edge of the bed.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft said in a voice so horribly pitying, “you are not to blame. Hadiya’s departure was
“She likes you. You can’t control a thing like that. Well, we mere mortals can’t, can we?” Lestrade rubbed his hands together and blew hot breath into his fist. “’Suppose you’ve never suffered from anything as pedestrian as an innocent
A hymn, then? What dark pit had John dragged that memory out of? Mum forcing Harry into an ironed dress and knotting John’s tie, walking them hand-in-hand down the narrow aisle of the local parish. The smell of incense, and the ache of the hard pew. Up and down—kneel and rise, kneel and rise—until John’s khakis were baggy at the knee. Mum’s little pill box hat, pinned in just so. They’d buried their mother in that hat.
“She’ll move back to London. I’ll finally take that awful banking job her father’s been trying to force on me for years. Couple of kids, maybe. Who knows?”
“All right, Bumble,” Father nodded, taking Mummy’s hand. “Let’s go down to the sitting room. I’ll ask Miss Anna to brew up a pot of tea. I imagine we’ve woken her by now, all this racket.”
A stranger followed Mike into the room. Blonde hair, crew cut. Square jaw. Tan, and more wrinkled than could be explained by age (history of sun exposure, skin damage). Short stature. Firm build—an athlete with a recent injury, gone a bit thin around the edges. Clothing a little too loose on an underfed frame. The cane was an affectation, but not one born of vanity. Psychosomatic injury, then.
I'm new to writing fanfic, and an American. I don't have a beta reader (yet). I welcome spelling, grammar, or Brit-pick corrections. Please and thank you!
“Sherlock!” Mummy cried, pulling his swollen left hand from under the running faucet. “How lovely! I did think, perhaps, any day now—”
John tried to draw even, measured breaths. Da was well into a bottle of whiskey, and the man was unpredictable when stone cold sober. Letting his father rile him up didn’t do anyone any good. Least of all Mum, who always got caught in the crossfire. At least Harry was out of the house. Da and Harry were like two sides of one coin, and both sides were too quick to throw a punch.
I did my best with the British military lingo and the medical particulars. I am neither a soldier nor a doctor. I welcome corrections in my inbox!
He could recall James perfectly, if he tried, but he found he didn’t really want to. Coping mechanism? Who the Hell knew? James was breaking in new recruits, reluctantly but no doubt efficiently, while John’s longest running relationship dissolved into something as distant and meaningless as everything else right now. Ran out of him like blood and piss, into the burning sand. Not that you could properly call what James gave him a ‘relationship.’
John moved, and it felt like the whole world moved with him. The world sharpened, focused, until the gun in his hands and the mud under on his feet felt like extensions of his own flesh. Like the run over boot-churned, uneven ground was what John Watson had been made for. Like he had a
Two quick knocks, which meant Mike Stamford had returned to the lab after the morning’s consultation. Unexpected. Forgot something? Mike was a competent surgeon, but less familiar with the kind of violent deaths Sherlock’s work provided. Possible he looked up the answer to that question about the fingernails.
She took his bare hand between soft-gloved fingers. Her eyes went wide and wet, which seemed in opposition to the soft smile. She looked... very pleased. It wasn’t an expression often aimed at Sherlock, but he’d seen her look just that way at his little sister, Eurus. Right before Nanny Hadiya murmured something like,
now.” It wasn’t true, but Molly still hadn’t given up on her relentless, pointless infatuation. He couldn’t abide her inept flirting in front of John.
She came hard, with a shout. The wet grasp around John’s prick was incredible. He continued moving, harder, faster, as he carried her through the shudders of her climax. Then his own body finally relented to the wonderful clench in John’s belly, and he came hard enough to stop breathing.
Maybe John could talk Alice into coming with them to church on Sunday. Da was at his best first thing in the morning, and meeting John's girlfriend might ease everyone's mind for a bit. Give Da something to brag about at work. Alice was tough, and the Watsons would be on best behavior.
John gave a perfunctory sort of bow, which warmed Harry’s expression considerably, and then stepped over the line of bottle caps meant to indicate a door. Harry had a few plastic milk crates as seating, and she was sipping at a cola that sweated in the sunshine. She passed it to John, who took a small swig.
Sebastian’s flat smelled of marijuana and unwashed laundry. Victor would never have allowed their home to get into such a state. He would have made Sherlock clean the kitchen floors with his
John took a long swig of his tea, and choked down a few bites of an apple. He hadn’t eaten a real breakfast since leaving hospital; the thought of sausages and eggs turned his stomach. He’d lost a fair bit of muscle during rehabilitation, and avoided the sight of his exposed collarbones, his hipbones, his ribcage. Eating too much made his stomach clench and ache. He knew he should eat more, maybe small amounts more often, but the thought set John’s teeth on edge. Eating used to be something John did for pleasure, and the discomfort of it now was like an insult. John was
“They’re still taking fire further down,” Han said. John tucked the bite-strip between Evans’s teeth and pulled out the cauterization gun. John hated the smell of burning flesh, but he sealed up as much of the damage as he could. Evans didn’t flinch, which wasn’t a good sign.
“You’re looking for a quiet man in his late 40’s. No children. Mid-level job with limited customer service, and plenty of time to listen to himself think. Likely Caucasian, then, and unmatched. He favors his right hip when standing—old injury, likely football—and wears shoes at least two years old, but in excellent nick. He attends church services regularly and has an unhealthy attachment to his elderly aunt.”
“Anderson is an idiot. Of course your victim’s an addict. Your perpetrator is, too—he spends his time making nice with an elderly lady. Prescription drugs, probably, Prozac or oxycodon, and he doesn’t buy them on the street. He need only raid her medicine cabinet.”
“He’ll live.” When James shot him an unimpressed glance, John shook his head. “He lost the foot. Saved the knee, though. Won’t know about hypoxia until he wakes up.”
To settle down with someone outside that match meant subjecting your own soulmate to a less fulfilling future. Perhaps your partner’s soulmate, too, if they were both alive. The height of selfishness. Of course, people did make mistakes—sometimes the “Alan” you chose wasn’t your ALAN at all—but it was enough of a rarity that society gave you the benefit of the doubt. To ignore the soulname on your finger simply
Eurus was in a long cotton nightdress, with her hair plaited frizzily on each side of her head. Sherlock scowled. He didn’t particularly want Eurus to see his soulname, or to hear it spoken aloud. Sherlock hadn’t even got a look at it himself yet.
“I think you will,” Victor ruminated, pulling Sherlock’s hand up to his mouth. He pressed a lingering kiss into the back of it. “I think you’ll jump at the chance.”
Harry sipped at her seltzer water with a little frown of distaste. Then her eyes went a bit vacant as her vision snagged on something across the room. John turned to watch Harry’s soulmatch, Clara, set down another tray of smallish sandwiches. “Do you know what Clara said,” Harry asked, “first time she met Mum and Da?”
Victor was 20 years old, and behind Sherlock academically. If the younger boy weren’t trying for two concurrent degrees, he’d have graduated before ever meeting Victor Trevor. Perhaps that would have been best. The hard, compact lines of Victor’s body, his almost-unnatural calm, the flash of his white teeth when he smiled... Sherlock hardly knew what he wanted, but it seemed that Victor did. No one had ever looked at Sherlock with that kind of undisguised hunger. No one since Eurus, and this didn’t feel anything like her sort of predation. This felt hot and tight and delicious. This felt
James was right behind John when he turned around. His face was inscrutable, but his eyes were restless—running across John’s cheeks and down his chest, from shoulder to shoulder and back up to his face. John could practically
Sherlock wasn’t sure what to say. He’d managed to eat half of the bacon sandwich while Lestrade distracted him, but now his stomach was uncomfortably queasy. Sherlock really hadn’t deduced this. Lestrade was a liar, and Sherlock
, suddenly, that there was no coming back from this. John Watson wasn’t gay, but he was... well, something. Some
? Why would any man look at another bloke like this, if he was lucky enough to have a name like that on his hand? James lifted John’s left fist and stroked over the back, avoiding his third finger. John’s hand relaxed.
Despite the man’s idiocy, and knotty morality, Sebastian Wilkes was the closest friend Sherlock had left, without Victor.
All the cases of hate crimes against homosexual men which Harry references are real. Over the course of six months in 1989 and 1990, four gay men (Christopher Schliach, Henry Bright, William Dalziel, and Michael Boothe) were murdered in West London. These crimes remain unsolved, and led to mass public outcry. Colin Ireland killed five men - Peter Walker, Christopher Dunn, Perry Bradley III, Andrew Collier, and Emanuel Spiteri - and was convicted of their murders in December 1993. Several more high-profile cases followed, including the murder of Jody Debrowski, which was the first conviction for a hate crime motivated by homophobia in the UK (2006). These cases spurred a major investigation into police bias in 2007.
“That’s not true,” John argued. And it wasn’t. John didn’t know many men who had sex lives like his own. “Sure, he might not be a virgin. But he might be waiting, all the same.”
,” Mummy snarled. Mycroft’s eyes flashed wide, taken aback by her tone. Anthea laid a flat palm against the top of her soulmatch’s hand.
“You are an addict with a very unstable track record,” Mycroft retorted without pity. “But you’re nearly a year into your latest attempt at sobriety, and I’d hate for this unfortunate incident to upset your recovery.”
Harry had her disapproving scowl on—and wouldn’t she hate to know she got that look from Da?—but John didn’t know what he’d said that made her so angry this time. Insulted Charlotte’s dad, he supposed. Affectionate but aimless, the plump, smiling man had always made John uncomfortable. The silence was unexpected, and it drug on too long. The radio filled the void with weirdly upbeat electronic whining.
“It’s a good program,” John went on, as if he hadn’t heard. “The army will pay my fees, so long as my marks stay high, and I serve a few years after foundation school. May not even go into a combat zone. I could be stationed at a recovery hospital.”
“Yeah,” James groaned. He lined up their cocks and wrapped his hand around them, pressing them together so hard that John thought he might choke. “You’re hard for me, aren’t you? You’re hard and wet and I’m going to take you
Basic training was designed to cull the herd, and John had privately expected to end up on the chopping block. He’d played rugby in school, so John was tough enough and pretty quick. Resourceful. Decisive. A man’s man, though his father never acknowledged it. The army, though... it wasn’t a secondary school. War wasn’t a game. John wondered if the higher-ups would see some inborn
introduce us. The man knew who I was, somehow. He knew everything about me. He knew I'd served in Afghanistan, and he knew I'd been invalided. He said my wound was psychosomatic, so he didn't get everything right, but he even knew why I was there. The bedsit. The flatshare. Mike hadn't mentioned a word of it.
“I did.” It was too much. Sherlock thought he might pass out, which would be terribly lowering. He pulled his gloves off with shaking hands. His own soulmark (JOHN) was white enough to be nearly indistinguishable from the pale skin; Sherlock had tested countless lotions and whitening creams over the years. Nothing like the hyperpigmented scar standing out against John’s deep-set tan. He grabbed up his coat, abandoning the Work on the table, half-finished.
Mycroft hesitated. It was a pronounced pause, and Sherlock’s heartbeat sped up, in spite of himself. There was always
“Just out near the carpark, with Lottie and them. Lottie’s brother gave her some good hash for her birthday.”
, however, are not.” Anthea stood, resting her hand briefly on Mycroft’s shoulder. He didn’t acknowledge the action, and she didn’t seem to expect it. She left the dining room without a word. Once she’d gone, Mycroft unclenched his jaw and went on. “Eurus believes you to be her adversary. As much as I am. I, however, am boring. I visit. I give her the opportunity to...
The bedsit was chilly, with a radiator that clunked at all hours and a window that needed replacing. The draft blew right across John’s mattress while he slept; he’d been forced to wear long sleeves and sweatpants to bed every night. A far cry from sand in his sheets, sweating the night away in just his y-fronts. He’d even bought a dressing gown, for God’s sake.
He stretched out across his small, neat bed and closed both eyes. Jesus fucking Christ, he hated this. All of it. He hated soulnames and soulmates and the fairy stories of romance that kept everyone swooning over such a ridiculous lie. His own soulname—SHERLOCK—glared back at him, as if in reproach, and he buried his left hand behind his head, underneath his pillow.
John was distantly aware that he was in pain. A lot of pain. He’d gone unpleasantly numb, though, and quite cold. The sun beating down on him did nothing to stop his shivering. He could still hear the firefight, but it was a distant sort of thing. It didn’t matter. John was a
If a person could be made for something, then John Watson was made for combat. Maybe it was his father’s blood rising up in him, or his own rough upbringing, or maybe just the strange chemistry of blood-bone-bile that settled his gut and steadied his hands. He could set a bone while machine guns blared in the background. He could stitch up a wound while bombs whistled overhead. And John could shoot a gun like he was born with it in his hand.
John flinched, and kicked Harry hard enough to send her off the bed and onto the floor. She scowled at him, and then reached up to pinch his thigh.
soulname. I should be able to know.” In fact, it was Sherlock’s policy that he ought to be able to know anything he liked. Mummy and Father indulged his endless questions, even seemed to relish the challenge of answering them. Asked and answered—that was the usual way in the Holmes manor.
That was exactly what John thought. Men like Sherlock might want to be found, but not by a lower-class, same-sex soulmate with nothing to offer. If the registry were cheaper, everyone would use it. The common people might start to use those lofty, pretentious monikers, too, in hopes of increasing their chances for a fairytale match. Never mind that a true soulmatch didn’t work like that. Hope springs eternal when you’ve nothing to lose.
that look on his skin. They were standing so close, much too close to one another. John felt the heat radiating from James’s long, lean, khaki-covered chest. His eyes were the loveliest, palest blue.
Mike waved this away with a small laugh. “I heard you were abroad somewhere, getting shot at. What happened?”
Sherlock had to get out, before John asked any of the obvious questions hovering just behind those blue eyes.
“—But Anthea impressed upon me your right to know Nanny Hadiya’s fate. It is, however, imperative that we keep the news of her death from Eurus. At any cost.”
Instead, Sherlock checked the lock on his door and traded his uniform for worn pajamas. Couldn't risk a run to the loo until after lights-out, so he told his body sternly to stop its useless complaining. The history assignment took very little time, and even less of his brain, and soon Sherlock's thoughts were left to their own devices again. It was dark outside his window, and colder than he liked, when Sherlock began the arduous process of packing Eurus away into the back of his mind. Pulling her creeping tendrils from the cage bars and locking her up tight. It was hard. It was painful. But it wasn't boring.
I had to rewrite it a bit. I had to.  I changed as little as I could, but I couldn't possibly leave this blog entry in its sorry original state.
John pulled his finger free and reached toward the bedside table for a condom. He continued kissing Helen as he ripped open the packet, rolling the condom on carefully without looking. The motions were smooth and familiar, and they made John’s already hard prick jump in his hand. Helen pulled her knees up, panting, and John met her hazy eyes again before speaking.
John looked up from his feet to take in the scene. The cream pot was smashed against the far wall, little blue and white shards dripping across the lino. Mum was hunched a bit over the sink, rinsing a sponge, and she didn’t look up. Something on the stove smelled a bit burnt. Her hair was mussed, her apron twisted too far to the right. Da lounged in his usual chair at the table, sipping and sneering. John nodded, once, and took off for the door. Before he reached it though, there was another sharp
John had nine and a half years to Harry’s eight, and that made him just a bit wiser. Just enough to know what people meant when they said those sorts of things.
John buttoned himself into a blue plaid shirt, and tucked it neatly into dark denims. Harry always ribbed him about tucking his shirts, but it just felt...
“She removed it,” Mycroft said. His voice broke in a way that was, to Sherlock’s knowledge, unprecedented. “She burned her finger on the fireplace grate. Third-degree damage.”
No one could explain the exact nature of a soulname—there was a field of study devoted to it at Bart’s, though John privately thought the philosophers had a better chance at reaching a useful conclusion. One thing was universally assumed: when people matched properly, they were happier than they could have been otherwise.
The other end of the line fell silent for a long, telling moment. Then Mycroft clicked his tongue against his teeth, drawing a breath.
“I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end. Would that bother you?” Sherlock risked a glance back at John. “Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.” He smiled. It wasn’t a real smile, but his heart was a marching band inside his chest.
It's mad. I think he might be mad. He was certainly arrogant, and really quite rude, and he looks about 12 (he isn't, though, Harry, so bugger right off). He's clearly a bit public school, as expected, and... Yes, I definitely think he might be mad.
JOHN. Sherlock kept his breathing as even as he could, while the menagerie inside his head positively
) Finally, Mycroft spoke: “I understand, little brother. I don’t agree. But as you'll no doubt interpret any further information from me as a
“You’re not a good judge of that sort of thing, are you?” Da’s voice took on a dangerous edge. Mum’s face pulled thin and tight, like a rubber band—dangerously taut, stretched near to breaking. John shifted his weight to both feet and pulled his left hand into a tight fist. “You can’t help pushing out fags, and then you act so damned surprised when the names come in.”
. The mark was a kind of biochemical burn, a wound inflicted by the soul upon the body, and Sherlock woke up around three in the morning with a shout. It was terrible. His left third finger wept sticky blood on his sheets and swelled up so much that Sherlock could not bend it. His nanny was the first to come running, her hair barely tucked away under the hijab before she ducked through his bedroom door.
when she had none at all. It’s not unusual for a name to come in the teen years. Joan of Arc, famously, did not receive hers until she was eighteen. Of course, they used that as evidence of witchcraft—”
The guests might have been willing to impose their condolences on Mum, but they were (wisely) giving both Watson children a wide berth. Gossip was meat-and-potatoes around here, and Harry Watson-Clarke was still infamous for her temper, as much as her unconventional soulmatch. John’s little sister shot the mourners brave enough to approach her a tight-lipped smile, and then went back to scowling into her drink.
"Listen, I'm going to cut to the chase here." The blonde man said when Sherlock entered the warehouse. He was tall and muscular, his hair long and pushed away from his face. He wore a plain black t-shirt, cargo pants, and combat boots. An old pair of dog tags were slung from his neck.
Sherlock paused at the bottom of the stairs before he walked up. "Will it be the kind of talking that only involves our mouths?"
Now it was empty, and John didn’t have to hold in the big yell that had been fighting to escape ever since Sherlock stepped into the busy street.
Sherlock staggered over, his eyes half lidded. He was quickly finding out he was more of a sleepy drunk than a partying one. John took hold of his thin wrists and pulled him over his knees with remarkable speed for a man so wasted.
Sherlock, half dazed and hardly registering what was happening, stumbled behind John. It was entirely possible that one could have too many emotions clashing all at the same time.
"I just wanted him to stop." Sherlock said softly, trying in vain to wipe away the dried blood on his face. He delicately placed his hands over his ears. His own breathing sounded too loud, flooding his mind. His heart was still thudding rapidly, a too fast drumbeat within his chest. Everything was too much. He felt bile rise up in the back of throat and struggled to swallow it.
“How’re you liking your drink?” Both Sherlock and John turned to face the other side of the countertop where a woman stood, big smile flashing at John. It was not a friendly smile. More like a “my bedroom’s upstairs do you wanna come look at it” smile.
John grabbed Sherlock’s shoulder and leaned closer, taking a deep breath. “Have you been smoking? After all this time?” The last sentence was tinged in disappointment.
"You're okay, it's okay." John said comfortingly as he wiped away the final tear with his sleeve. "You can tell me of what you've done whenever you're ready."
When everyone could sigh in relief because they’ve successfully caught the criminal and he could now be incarcerated. If it was a really good one, a painfully difficult case that even took Sherlock some time to solve, everyone would go out for drinks to celebrate.
“I don’t know if I’ve said it enough or even at all, but I do love you Sherlock. I wouldn’t be doing all of this if I didn’t.” John was certainly never good at expressing his feelings, but this one moment, he hit the nail on the head.
John slurred a bit while he loudly counted out every light thwap to the seat of Sherlock's trousers. They were nothing more than soft taps. Lestrade and Molly joined in on the counting, their voices stumbling just as much as John's. Sherlock squirmed, his curly mop of hair bouncing.
"Of course." Sherlock said, after taking a sip of water from the glass in his hand. It was given to him so he could settle his disruptive stomach. He bit back the word "obviously".
Sherlock groaned, relenting and dropping the tools inside her outstretched palm. "Well done. Now please get rid of these animals, or I will make sure that spoon makes acquaintance with your bum." She threatened teasingly.
Sherlock and John both suffered pounding headaches the day after Sherlock's birthday. The second Mrs Hudson returned to the flat, she playfully scolded them and made them tea. John tried to help her, but his dizzying nausea drove him directly back to the sofa. He certainly wished he could drink like he could when he was young, hard and fast with few consequences. Handing the two their tea, she placed her hands on her hips and frowned
“Ah, look, there’s the bus.” Sherlock said in a monotone voice that showed absolutely no reaction to John’s words, pointing at the bus stop across the street.
“What did you think I was going to do?” John pressed, wondering what it could be that Sherlock was thinking.
John came home from the clinic holding a bag of take-away. He had grabbed some lo mein from the local Chinese restaurant for dinner. As he walked up the stairs to 221B, he could have sworn he heard some noises from 221C. He would have gone to investigate, but remembered that Mrs Hudson said she had a rodent problem down there, so he ignored it. He found Sherlock sitting at the kitchen table, dressed in his blue dressing gown. He was on his laptop, his face aglow with the light of the screen as he typed away at what John assumed to be another blog post on The Science of Deduction. When John neared, Sherlock quickly closed the chat screen and switched it to his blog.
“It’s terribly sweet and besides, what’s the point if it has no alcohol?” Sherlock placed the drink on the countertop, not touching it again for the rest of the night.
Sherlock didn't reply, only nodded slowly, looking to the floor. He didn't like to hear praises come from John's lips when he knew they would soon to change to disappointed scoldings. The mess was always fun to make, but the waiting was absolutely torturous.
Still, Sherlock felt pleased with how much John smiled after the big rush of finishing a case. He liked to make John smile, especially when he was proud.
John could feel it when Sherlock landed back on earth. They were stepping out the cab and onto Baker Street when Sherlock suddenly stiffened and inhaled deeply, turning to gauge his surroundings.
His face denied everything, but Lestrade nodded anyway. He would respect Sherlock’s privacy for the moment.
John could hardly form excuses to Sarah as he bolted out the clinic. Sherlock had given him the address to an abandoned warehouse that was not too far away. Instead of wasting time looking for a cab, John ran the few blocks it was to get there. People looked at him strangely but let him pass.
"Here, lets get some din- the lo mein!" John said exasperatedly, realizing he had completely forgotten about the take-away. He found it cold with flies buzzing around it, which was more than enough to encourage him from reheating it.
, the Mycroft inside his brain sneered. Sherlock was always tempted to photograph those little glances, those tiny smiles Mycroft shot at Anthea when he thought no one was looking. It would serve the besotted bastard right.
Da watched their interaction with those dangerous eyes. John swallowed. “Sure you don’t want help? I can peel potatoes.”
“The name’s Sherlock Holmes.” John’s eyes went wide and laser-focused. “And the address is 221B Baker Street.” John opened his mouth to speak, but Sherlock winked at him—
, and Helen’s raspy voice kept spinning through the air around him. It was like a drug. John wanted, and
“It shouldn’t. I’m a sick bastard.” James’s tongue was exploring John’s right shoulder, and his hand tightened around John’s twitching dick. “But you’re so goddamn
“Yeah, like that’s going to happen.” Harry could hardly help herself, these days. And John was no one’s charity case.
Harry scowled, her nearly-invisible brows meeting hard over a pert nose. “What are you doing out here?”
John shrugged on his coat and double-checked that he’d locked The Drawer—the desk drawer with the unloaded service pistol John still hadn’t returned. It wasn’t morbid, despite what Harry thought. It was practical. It was an option. John didn’t have a lot of those, these days.
Or would it confirm what John already knew: That life was only a series of nearly-deaths. Near-misses. That staying alive one more time meant nothing, in the scheme of things, because death was always one unlucky shot away.
Now it was John, blinking back tears and sniffing self-consciously. “Don’t be daft. I won’t take your money.”
“Oh,” his mother breathed, looking a little lost, “I couldn’t. All these people, here out of the kindness of their—”
Sherlock nodded, pulling a miserable face. He’d stopped crying, but the mirror over the sink reflected his red eyes and damp nose.
, can you imagine? And there were no inter-country records in those days! These young people have no sense of propriety.” It worked out, in the end; and anyway, everyone outside the family just called her Professor Holmes.
than sex with a woman, but it was firm, and sweaty, and primal in a way John had never felt before. Raw. And James wouldn’t stop
At 12 years old, he advanced through to the Upper School. His piercing words weren’t much use against boys four years his senior. Sherlock couldn’t keep his mouth shut (truly
“Yes. And the world’s starting to loosen up—make allowances for people like us.” John choked back a little cough, thinking (guiltily) of James, and his talk of children, and the woman’s name waiting there on his left hand. The woman who wrote to him nearly every day.
The Captain wasn’t like that at all. He held himself apart from his men, and even from his fellow commanders. At first John thought it was an overdeveloped sense of propriety, but that theory went up in smoke the first time John saw him stalk naked from his bunk to the showers and back again. James was just... surly. Hard to crack. He didn’t suffer fools well, and he thought nearly everyone was a fool. It should’ve been off-putting—it was, to most people—but John had a talent for drawing out the most irascible men. He
And just then they allowed themselves to start laughing. They just couldn’t stop. Tears streaming down their faces, they doubled over as their stomachs clenched and hurt, and the muscles in their faces ached from smiling so much.
“OH, shush! I’m an old fossil with nothing interesting in her life, give me something to work with! But do it while you finish your arm, we don’t want your betrothed to wake only half painted. But tell me about them, you know you want to” the corners of his eyes crinkled as she gave him a warm and encouraging smile, and he knew that she was right, he really wants to brag about Sherlock.
Sherlock accepted the sandwich silently, rolling back the paper to take a modest bite. Lestrade brought out a cigarette and lit it, offering Sherlock one from the pack. He declined in favor of chewing.
“Bad luck, that,” Gran tutted. The fingers against his hand were soft as old cotton—cool and thin and worn-smooth at the fingertips. “Name like that one... must be a toff, yeah?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes to the ceiling and groaned. “Of course Anthea isn’t pregnant. Look at her shoes, Mummy! And she had a glass of the malbec with dinner.”
“There is no such thing as true isolation. Not even in Sherrinford. I am reluctant to push her toward any more committed action.”
. He could feel the sand press hot and rough against his right cheek. And the sound wasn’t singing, or even enemy fire, but someone speaking to him in a quick, desperate tenor.
Lestrade shrugged, and dropped the spent cigarette. He ground it out with his toe against the asphalt. “She has a right to be happy, same as anyone. And I got my kid out of the deal. Can’t ask for more than that.”
. But instead of completing the sentiment, Victor sighed. “I know you do. I didn’t come to Santorini to find him, you know. I’ve enjoyed our time together.”
“Don’t act as if you don’t already know.” The headache was coming back, stronger than before. Sherlock’s eyes twitched toward his own blue-spotted forearm.
. It was commanding, and not a bit unsettled. Sherlock mentally adjusted John’s military rank. First Lieutenant... no, Captain. Dear God.
A sudden light came into Sebastian’s eyes, and he laughed a little. “Right! Okay! You’ve never matched. You don’t know... well, of course you don’t, but fuck me...”
“I’m going home. Danielle has a project due tomorrow—something about tectonic plates. Got to make sure she’s dotted the I’s and crossed the T’s.”
“Hold on, Cap, you bloody bastard!” It sounded like Murray. Jesus, Bill Murray shouldn’t have to watch John die. John rolled back again toward the left; his shoulder jolted and then
“Don’t cover up on my account,” James murmured. His voice was low, and a bit smoky, and John thought, the first time he heard it, that James ought to be on the evening news.
“How did you know about Afghanistan?” John asked. He didn’t sound angry, or upset, or disturbed. He sounded... curious.
Father was usually called “the professor’s soulmatch,” but his name was Siger. Sherlock always rather liked Father’s name. It looked so solid and spare, along Mummy’s third finger.
The look that passed between his parents then was unreadable. Many such looks were, of course. Sherlock was still studying the language of face and body, and the sheer variety of data gave him headaches sometimes.
Sherlock’s chest flooded with something prickly and unpleasant. Or... mostly unpleasant. It should feel unpleasant, merely by virtue of its familiarity, because it was like the first time Sherlock ever injected cocaine—he felt energized, and loose-limbed, and suspiciously at ease. Sherlock wanted to
“Erm, here,” the stranger said, drawing a deep breath. “Use mine.” He pulled a mobile from his coat pocket, raising his brow. His eyes looked dark from across the room.
John shot Harry an unimpressed look, but didn’t turn the station. They sat together, on the edge of a real fight, long enough for John’s anger to fade. For her part, Harry’s anger never really went away.
“Yeah,” Harry snorted.  “Like, ‘get well soon’ and ‘happy birthday’ and everything else. Glittery. Some of those pop-up kinds. Lottie thinks he’ll be over it before Christmas, but who the hell knows?”
The shorter man turned around, winking smugly, and Sherlock caught himself watching Victor’s backside before he slammed the door shut with a bang.
sound, loud enough to make John wince. It didn’t sound like flesh, though. He sat up and reached over to flick on the radio. John’s hands were trembling.
“Harry!” John snapped. He was blushing hot. She grinned maniacally and slid into her seat with her breakfast, but without apology. “Are. You. High?” John hissed, keeping his voice down. The rain against the window and the thumping bass line of the shop’s music provided quite a bit of privacy. Still.
. If Mycroft was a chess player, Sherlock was more interested in sleight-of-hand. “Dangerous intellects.” That’s what the headmaster said.
“Is it always like that, do you think?” John realized he’d wondered aloud, a moment too late. His cheeks felt hot and he sniffed in discomfort. “Just—you know—”
“Fine,” Sherlock said. Victor’s eyebrows shot up. “Meet me outside at seven-thirty. I’m not dressing up.”
The wealthy put quite a bit of stock into the soulname mythology. They named their children strange, unique sorts of names, in hopes of narrowing the field when it came time to search out their partners. Names like “Sherlock” were passed down through generations, usually only once the previous owner had passed on, and an international registry existed for looking up potential matches. It was expensive—the registry—so names like “John” would never be on it. He wondered if his soulmate looked anyway.
Theoretically, John was in active communication with Sholto for the year and a half that he and Sherlock lived together. Mary was aware of Sholto, and John wanted him at the wedding, so it clearly wasn't an issue of great secrecy among the rest of John's acquaintances. Sholto was most likely invalided home while Sherlock was "dead"--a series of unimaginably traumatic events for John, one on top of another. John hid their relationship, deliberately and effectively, from Sherlock both before and after his "death." This is the biggest in-canon secret John keeps from Sherlock. I'm enjoying answering the most pressing the question: Why?
James came, and moaned, and leaned into John with all of his weight. His face contorted, and his stomach contracted, and he buried his face in John’s neck. He smelled like sand and sex. His come was on John’s belly, coating his fingers—the finger with SHERLOCK scarred into it. A man’s name, and a different man’s come, and John
"You're lying. What rabbits?" John pressed, feeling pushed to do so by Sherlock's slightly alarmed reaction. It was obvious he was hiding something.
"I guess I'll have to continue where Basic French left off." John said, remembering the horrid class.
"Will you two be drinking like that again? I'm your landlady, not your housekeeper, and definitely not your nanny!" She asked, only half serious.
Sherlock stopped, hand on the door handle, turning his head briefly. “I want to go home, I’ll take the bus.” His voice was sharp and barely succeeded in masking his hurt.
Just as he said that, Sherlock darted out the men’s room. He strode with long, weighty steps. Not quite stomping but close.
“But, Sherlock, we’ve definitely gone through worse, much worse in fact.” John puzzler aloud, leaning forward and resting his chin on his palm.
Sherlock cleared his throat. "It's most likely a drunken fabrication your memory created to fill in the gaps of the events of yesterday." His voice rambled like a speeding train screeching to a sharp stop. John peered at Sherlock, thinking hard.
“Did you forget? We’re visiting your parents tomorrow morning and it wouldn’t exactly be classy if you show up with a hangover.” John leaned over on the counter, stretching his legs and cracking his neck.
"Of course." Sherlock said, eyes still glued to the screen. John smiled and leaned over, ruffling his messy hair.
“At first, you seemed so angry, angrier than I’ve seen in a long time, loud and yelling. Now you’re still angry, but just quieter. I thought that you punishing me could make you calm down and not want to—“ Sherlock paused, looking up to John’s eyes, debating whether or not he should voice what he really thought.
Something really bothered him about Sherlock’s manner. He was smoking again and his eyes had looked so deeply troubled. John was currently being completely and utterly blind.
Lestrade widened his eyes and nearly spilled his sloshing drink. It turns out Drunk Sherlock can remember his first name without a problem. That was definitely interesting. He promised himself to ask Sherlock about that in the future.
John felt awkward, not knowing what to say. He didn't know what the offense was, and Sherlock was already guilty. Right now, this was all about atonement. He continued spanking, Sherlock's arse turning a rosy pink color.
Everyone at 221B was drunk this late Saturday night. They were celebrating Sherlock's birthday, which John had found out about after Mycroft had sent a short text to Sherlock's phone.
"C'mon, Sherlock." John said disappointedly when he saw the state of 221C. Fluffy little bunnies still roamed the room, only there was much more mess than earlier this morning.
At least, that’s how John felt about the cases. Sherlock might be pleased when he solves a case, but the good mood soon turns foul because now there’s no more game to play. Where’s the fun in a LEGO set once you’ve completed it?
Even I’m not so sure what I’ve just written. 😅 While I was writing this, I kept going back and forth with how I was going to portray this. I suppose this felt right, and I’m kind of tempted to end the series like this. I feel it sort of wraps things up.
So instead, Lestrade turned back around and found John, who was still at the bar. The bartender now looked like she might be seconds from kissing John. Her eyes were half closed and her slender hand brushed John’s cheek.
He was surprised to hear Sherlock start crying. He hadn't been going on that long, or that hard. He was only using his hand. He had only gotten tears from these spanking a few times, and that was always at the end. It started as quiet sniffles, and turned to muffled sobs. John stopped, instead caressing Sherlock's shoulders.
They had never engaged in much physical affection that wasn’t involved with after care. So it was a bit different, but Sherlock soon returned the hug.
"We'll see." John said, and in that moment, he felt like his mother. Always saying we'll see, maybe, I'll think about it.
His breathing haggard, Sherlock struck him hard in the mouth. Moran staggered backwards, reaching up to find his mouth bleeding. He glanced at his red stained fingers and shook his head, snickering.
This was probably the longest case they’d ever had. Months and months spent on capturing this human trafficking leader. Hundreds of dead ends and red herrings.
"John!" He squawked, quickly sobering at the situation. He wriggled and turned his face up to meet John's. His drunken mind tripped over itself as it struggled to remember what he was in trouble for this time. There were quite a few incidents, but none that John could possibly know about yet. "Not here!" Seeing that John wasn't letting up, he asked "Is this about the rabbits? I swear I'll return them by Monday." He thought he was speaking in a whisper. In reality it was barely below a normal speaking tone.
John nodded and squirmed past the crowds of people to Sherlock, who was walking towards the exit door.
Sherlock ducked and took hold of the long blonde hair, slamming his head against the wall one, two, three times. Blood started to flow, trickling down the man's tanned face.
Lestrade didn’t drink as much as everyone else did. He had custody of his sons for the weekend and he didn’t exactly want to meet his ex wife tomorrow morning with a hangover.
Sherlock watched him carefully, wondering why was it that John wasn’t grabbing a kitchen chair or ordering him upstairs.
"I hate repeating myself. I'm coming with you." John said stubbornly, seating himself inside the car and slamming the door closed.
“Alright then. You know you can talk to me if there’s any problems.” Lestrade headed towards the door of the bathroom.
Sherlock dug his face into John’s jumper, and although he would deny it, it was to hide the tears that were welling up in his eyes.
Mycroft, interrupted from his searching, looked squarely at John. "Doctor Watson, while your loyalty is admirable, there is no reason for you to go. You were not involved."
“What. The. Hell. Was that!” John tried to contain himself, but for fuck’s sake, Sherlock had been inches from being run over.
Sherlock stayed silent, watching the interaction. John was a horrible liar, but this lie slid by without hesitation. Something in John’s eyes and way he smiled at the bartender was deeply unsettling. Made his stomach hurt a little. His fingers felt tingly.
When John reached thirty-five, he kept his hand raised in the air, expectantly looking towards the spectators. Lestrade and Molly were a bit slow in realizing what to say, but eventually caught on.
Moran reached up and stroked Sherlock's sharp cheekbone with muscled hands. "He will send you...to hell. See…you…there," He spoke as his body began to weaken and lose stability. He kept his icy blue eyes trained on Sherlock's.
"Ahh!" Sherlock said, standing quickly. His face was comically flushed, although that can be blamed on both the alchohol and the birthday spanking. The rest laughed heartily and continued with their drinks for the rest of the night.
"You returned the rabbits?" John asked as he pulled out the box of noodles and opened it. He looked around for plates and saw that they were all dirty and piled up in the sink. Of course. If only Mrs Hudson actually was their housekeeper, maybe the flat wouldn't always be in a constant state of chaos.
Sherlock looked up to the ceiling as if it could give him a better lie. “It’s going to sound so much worse when I say it out loud.” He mumbled softly.
With a gun, you shoot once and that was it. When beating a man, you could have stopped many times, but made the conscious decision to continue.
"I think you've given Jim the best birthday gift you could give him." Moran said, coughing up blood. Both eyes nearly were swollen shut, and his lip was burst. He strained to speak. "You've given him incentive to destroy you."
And so, when John came over to the bar stool, colorful drinks in hand and a grin on his face, Sherlock smiled a little too.
"You will be living in constant fear, looking over your shoulder at all times. There will be no security. From one night to the next, you will have to hop from country to country in hopes that you will not be found." Mycroft challenged, wondering just how far was this soldier willing to go for his younger brother.
"I have several wooden spoons in my kitchen, would you like me to fetch them and make use of them?" She was only bluffing, but found it hilarious at the quick way his cheeks pinked. "Or would you like me to call John?" Mrs Hudson added, catching the way his eyebrows jumped.
"Fine then. I'll take both. I have the feeling Boss'll like the soldier boy more, he's got a thing for blondes."
Sherlock just barely hid the surprise on his face. “Oh, no, let’s spare the lecture and get this over with.”
"Here's what I don't get. You knew you'd get caught. You knew you'd get punished. So why do it? I know you're clever enough to sneak and put them somewhere more conspicuous. So why make it so obvious?" John asked, trying to figure out just why Sherlock would resort to such a blatant form of misbehavior. He usually was able to get away with his trouble for weeks without John figuring it all out.
This was when Sherlock stood up and left. He felt stranger than he’d ever felt before. His stomach was turning and his heart was beating way too fast. He was certain that a glance in the mirror would tell him his cheeks were flushed like a strawberry.
She smiled. "I'm off to the shops, then. Try not to get into unreasonable trouble." She advised in a motherly tone as she left the flat.
Now they were all laughing until their sides hurt because of some asinine joke Lestrade made. The alcohol always made stupidity suddenly the funniest thing they've ever heard.
As he reentered the kitchen, John pulled out a chair and placed it in the center of the room. He seated himself down in it and crossed his arms as he met Sherlock's eyes.
“Yes, but it could be different. You met a pretty lady tonight and now you are thinking this is too much trouble for you and you’d rather marry, have kids, and do all those things that normal people like to do. Get on with rest of your life.”
"Happy 35th, brother mine." John read from the cellphone that was left on the kitchen table. "It's your birthday." He said with realization.
When he approached John, he found that he was enraptured in a conversation with the lovely bartender.
“Listen, about Steph. I’ll cancel with her. What we’ve been doing these past couple years has always been in some sort of flux. Not really certain what we were doing. But now I think I know.” John pried Sherlock from the hug, cradling his face with both his hands. “This isn’t a buffer relationship before a “real” one. This is endgame.”
Sherlock was sitting on the hard floor and looked up when he heard John entering. His face and hands were smeared with dark blood.
“We don’t usually stop to talk before. It was concerning, and I thought that you were going to say that this was too much for you. That you were ending it, ending this.” The tops of Sherlock’s cheekbones and the tips of his ears flushed pink and he looked down to the floorboards.
John chuckled, taking a sip from his own matching drink. He did grimace a bit, but nowhere near as exaggerated as Sherlock. “Not entirely certain, but was one of the few that didn’t have any alcohol.”
“Listen, Sherlock’s in the men’s room, and he’s really upset.” Lestrade began, motioning towards the door of the men’s room.
Sherlock sighed. At least it was beginning and he no longer had to wait. He was going to get what he wanted, but could still feel a pit of worry in his stomach. John ran down the stairs first, believing it was an emergency. Sherlock trailed behind him, knowing full well it wasn't.
"Sherlock, calm down. What's wrong?" John asked urgently, recognizing the sound of panic in Sherlock's voice.
"We will cover up as best we can, but it is only a matter of time before Moriarty learns of what happened and forms a plan." He had a list of jobs prepared for the night. Sherlock needed to completely change his look, receive a new passport and identity.
A car pulled up near the building within minutes after John arrived. Mycroft carefully stepped out, a grim expression on his face. Sherlock and John walked out to meet him.
Sherlock groaned, head in hands. Yes, he loved his parents dearly. He just preferred to love them from afar. They could be quite the helicopter parents.
John propped his head up with his fist, only to have it fall back down again. Damn, was he tired. Still, something was niggling him in the back of his mind, and he was struggling to remember. Finally, Sherlock's words from last night had reappeared in his memory.
Her eyes lit up. She really did have such pretty eyes, that greenish tint that contrasted so well against her tanned skin.
It was telling that no one questioned why the concealment was necessary. No one looked at Sherlock now. Even Anthea was gazing at her own folded hands.
“Do more than speak, Sherlock.” Mycroft finally opened his eyes, and they were sharp again. Cutting.
“Oh my,” Mummy cried, clasping a hand to her mouth. “I apologize. I was quite carried away, wasn’t I?”
that midterm exams were over a week ago. Where the hell have you been?” She dropped her bag in to an empty chair and pulled off her damp corduroy jacket. Her umbrella rested, a bit drippy, near her feet. She pointed a short finger at him. “I’ve called.”
“Everyone wants to find their soulmate,” John said woodenly. “But I’ve made my peace. I’m sure he isn’t looking for me.”
John’s bark of laughter surprised them both. He wiped his face again and set the empty glass in the sink. He offered Clara his elbow.
Sebastian’s expression was horribly patronizing. “Margot’s my true soulmatch. No question. The sex with Margot is... magnificent. Unparalleled. Once you’ve been with your soulmate, watched them when they—” Sebastian shook his head, flushed. “You can’t go back. Why would you fuck someone else, when your soulmate is
James followed him back into the bunk John shared with two other low-ranking medical officers. It was small, but comparatively private, as two of the three were always on-shift at any one time.
He wondered, idly, if it was disrespectful to pray. John didn’t believe in God. John Watson didn’t believe in much of anything.
“It doesn’t happen again,” James told him, tossing the towel to the floor. “Not unless you ask me for it. Not unless you
, nothing had ever felt quite like this. James was larger than John, in height and in length, and there was something about that... It felt... It wasn’t
Sherlock nodded, as if this all sounded anything but insane. “Will you still sleep with other people?”
John couldn’t tear his eyes away from that sweet, scarred word. SHARON. Why would James be doing this, here, with
John had heard somewhere that police officers, whilst in training, had to let someone use a taser on them. It was important for officers to know what it felt like before they tried it out on anybody else. That made sense, in a perverse way. Would dying—or, he supposed,
“All covered.” She carried the cigarette and a lighter across the room, and then pushed up the window sash. A flare of light, and then a stream of white smoke. John wasn’t a fan of smoking, but he couldn’t deny that she looked dead sexy doing it.
Despite the E rating on this fic, I've deliberately avoided graphic description of Sherlock and Victor's sex life. Two reasons: 1) We learn a lot about Sherlock's life with Victor in the sequel to this fic. Some things need to be revealed later. And 2) This abusive relationship mirrors some of my own life experience; writing the sex scenes in great detail from Sherlock's present-tense perspective is personally traumatizing. Full stop.
“Sure.” John forced his smile. “We’ll come pick you up in it, you and your soulmate, and we’ll all go away for holiday. Someplace nice.”
John flushed, blinking away his discomfort. His smile felt a little forced, but Helen didn’t seem to notice. She reached out to poke at his left hand, avoiding the scarred third finger.
“Shall we get you a plaster for your hand, darling?” Mummy let Father go and began to dig through the drawers next to the sink. She wasn’t looking at Sherlock anymore.
It was an uncomfortable feeling, respecting Sebastian. The man was a bastard, and the worst kind of idiot, but he was sincere. Sherlock couldn’t find a single lie in that long explanation—possibly the longest conversation they’d ever had without Victor to play gatekeeper.
“I have seen our sister since I was made aware of the death,” Mycroft said. “She did not deduce it.”
Victor Trevor was the only other undergraduate chemist with a boy’s name on his finger. HELIOS, it said, which was suitably urbane. “Victor” was an embarrassingly common name, but it ran in the family and he’d been born in India. His parents never planned on returning to England so soon.
“Eurus, dear,” Hadiya called from further down the hall, in that voice reserved only for Sherlock’s sister. “Back to bed, little bird.”
“There’s no law against it,” John argued very softly, feeling his muscles quiver with tension. “Long as you keep yourself to yourself, people with names like mine still serve. It’s nobody else’s business.”
The phone call was undeniably lowering. Even the dial tone seemed to echo with disapproval. Sherlock had tried to find a way through this complete catastrophe of a situation without making the call, but... well, if there was a solution, Sherlock couldn’t see it. And Sherlock Holmes could see everything.
It felt oddly disloyal, thinking about his soulmate as he lay there. He didn’t owe James anything—they hadn’t been in the same room together for fourteen months—but it seemed like he ought to be recalling his face. His big hands. The way he laughed, almost in silence. John loved the self-conscious way he laughed.
The worst of it was that Da was right. People cheated on their soulmatches—of course they did—and there were those who’d do any manner of illicit thing to a bloke for the right price. John was in fifth form; he knew all about that now. It wasn’t what John
“For fuck’s sake.” Anthea rolled her eyes. “You are both impossible morons.” She reached across the table for Mummy’s abandoned glass of port. She finished it off in one long swallow. “Sherlock. Your brother uses Eurus to solve problems. She sees what even he cannot.”
As a writer by passion and profession, it irks me to no end that Dr. John Watson--a man more famous for his skill as a storyteller than any medical or military service--"writes" this truly terrible blog. WTF? Why wouldn't the BBC hire a skilled writer to handle this on their website? These casenotes should be RIVETING. They should be funny and fascinating (and, yes, hyperbolic), because Watson is a WRITER. The kind that gets paid. This is pretty much a requirement of his character.
It was a severe turn of phrase, and a rather spiritual one for Mycroft to utter. But then, Eurus had always been the most interested in religion, of all the genius Holmeses. Whatever quiet faith Nanny Hadiya managed to convey to young Eurus, it lit a manic spark inside her. Eurus’s prodigious intellect was always focused on picking things to pieces, unraveling the universe and the living creatures within. Eurus flayed things open, poked at soft, spongy places. Religion was just another scalpel with which to cut humanity apart.
“John?” James said, with enough authority in his voice to command immediate attention. John’s eyes snapped back to meet his. “That felt bloody brilliant. Best wank in months.”
“Yes, please,” he replied. Mummy brought out a tube of antiseptic cream, along with the tin of sticky strips. She smoothed the ointment over his soulname with care, and then wrapped a pair of bandages across the name. JOHN disappeared under drab little plasters, like a secret.
John barked an unexpected laugh, and Harry grinned. “You’re the worst. You’re a nutter,” John said fondly. He stole a bit of scone as he flipped her two fingers, and she cackled like an absolute loon.
His name. Sherlock had to tell John his name. Could he distract him from it? Just a bit a longer? Draw this out, just a bit, before it all came crashing down? Sherlock went still, and refused to look away.
Harry’s soulname came in when she was nearly twelve. CLARA, it read. No chance of passing it off for a unisex moniker, at least not on this end. With any luck, Clara’s soulname read HARRY, not Harriet, and she’d be spared from the fate her soulmate was enduring. Ridicule. Scorn. Abuse. The world wasn’t kind to people with same-sex soulnames, and John knew that better than most. He’d developed thick skin and thicker calluses on his knuckles.
John smiled. Sherlock swallowed audibly. “We’ve only just met, and we’re going to go look at a flat?”
And tremendous thanks to all of you for taking the journey with me. I've included a bonus for you at the end, with my love. XOXO
“You aren’t offered any courtesies, Freak. You’re eating my food and wanking in my shower. But anyway, Margot’s on leave from St. Mary’s for another two weeks. She’s the only fuck I’ll be enjoying until she takes off again. One more year,” he murmured wistfully.
There was an amused little hum. “I will keep you informed as to Eurus’s treatment. As ever, glad to be of service, brother mine.”
“John. We’re just two blokes getting off.” John shook his head a little, but James grabbed his chin with his clean hand and held it steady. “It’s just getting off. We’re mates, and we trust each other, and we didn’t want to be alone. That’s all this is. Calm the fuck down.”
“Expensive as shit, though, isn’t it? Even for you, on a surgeon’s salary someday. You’d think those rich wankers didn’t want to be found.”
Mycroft wore a lovely, long-suffering expression, which Sherlock cherished. Anthea smoothed the fabric of her exquisitely-tailored skirt over her hips, pointedly, and then caught Sherlock’s eye. The corner of her lip tucked up—the smile equivalent of a wink. She really was too good for his brother.
“I need the results before breakfast tomorrow,” Ulysses commanded. Was he being deliberately obtuse, or was he really that dense? Sherlock sighed.
Mummy and Father were wide-eyed. They weren’t looking at Sherlock’s bare hand, but at each other. Mummy’s mouth was making a small O-shaped hole.
Mike glanced back down at John’s hand. John frowned, folding it into a fist atop his thigh. “I don’t know...” Mike mused, distracted. “You could get a flatshare or something...”
century, and the people coped the only way they could: by bettering the odds. John’s parents may not have been meant for one another, but they didn’t end up alone.
“You can’t come in,” she informed him, with all the natural authority of an eight-year-old terror. “I’m the Queen in here.”
It hit Sherlock, rather suddenly. Years of his elder brother’s rules and restrictions, chafing him raw. The drugs busts. The spying. His cool aloofness with Anthea. Their stoic devotion, and their public restraint. The unclimbable monolith of Mycroft’s expectations, and the phone which was always answered no matter how often Sherlock backslid.
A van going perhaps 100 kilometers a mile zoomed right past them, directly over where Sherlock was standing a few seconds prior.
John released his hold on Sherlock’s coat as he crossed his arms, unabashedly glaring down the awkward man.
Sherlock, well, it only took a few drinks for him to start feeling the effects. He felt buzzy and warm, his mind spinning much too fast. Maybe that was because his drunken mind had decided to drown his ice cream cake in liquor before consuming it in wolfish bites. In the back of his mind, he knew this wasn't a good idea, but he couldn't remember why.  Blue frosting decorated his upper lip, and, upon noticing, he wiped it off with his sleeve. The sleeve of one of his posh shirts he loves to wear.
