Who knows not what is false.
“I don't want your advice. I certainly don’t want hers."
They met as arranged, and packed on a picnic lunch and a bottle of wine. But as they threaded Jesus Lane they were hailed by the Dean.
: That’s rather pertinent to the matter at hand, in fact.
And when we died he haunted me
"I've thought more often of you than you imagine, Sherlock my dear,” Victor ventured to say. “As I said last autumn, I care for you in the real sense, and always shall. We were young idiots, weren't we?—but one can get something even out of idiocy. Development. No, more than that, intimacy. You and I know and trust one another just because we were once idiots.” Victor clasped his hand between his own and kissed him very gently on each of his fingers.
I Stamford, the doctor, a mixer of chemicals,
The creature shuddered. "They're trying to make incisions in my--my midsection. I don't know why. Well, I can imagine, I suppose." He unfolded, and Sherlock saw that a series of discoloured lines now ran up and down the creature's torso and abdomen.
: pleased.
"He wishes you to be more like our father, and less like me."
"Thank God," he said.
"Did you ask him?"
Except as it swarms in the sun-light of youth,
Victor didn’t write to Sherlock, though—not after his first, brief missive to inform him that they had arrived.
"Who?" Sherlock asked.
CHARLES AUGUSTUS MAGNUSSEN
On reaching their own college, Trevor insisted that Sherlock come along to Sinclare’s for some music: “It’s the least I can offer, for your kind help in carrying it all.” Sherlock forbore to mention that he’d not been into anyone else’s rooms since coming up. He’d immediately rejected the few invitations he’d received, and his classmates had quickly got the message: if Trevor had a reputation for enjoying society, Holmes had acquired quite the opposite.
"What d'you mean?"
"Goodbye, we're greatly obliged," said Trevor. "And if any of your men come across the bike: I wish we could describe where we left it better. Anyhow I'll give you my friend's card. Tie it on the bike if they will be so kind, and bring it down to the nearest station. Something of the sort, I don't know. The station master will wire to us."
Hence my long years of solitude,
: BLOODY HELL, Sherlock!
"Where—what's through there?" Sherlock asked finally.
"Look here man, that's ridiculous." He advanced into the darkness hospitably, still holding his book. "Anne'll be furious with me if you don't stay." Then he detected a core of blackness in the surrounding gloom, and, suddenly uneasy, exclaimed, "I hope nothing's wrong."
: Why Johm loves you.
: See you then.
Victor took to quoting Donne in his letters:
"I mean the Symposium, like the ancient Greeks."
of them. I've drawn you diagrams and shown you figures--I've told you in great detail and in single-syllable words exactly what we're up against. Now I tell you again to simply leave it alone. My way is absolutely the only way that will both mitigate potential risks and allow for the possibility of benefit to us."
Became a center for all sorts of people,
Shocked, Sherlock walked a few steps in silence, then said, "Here, give me some of those things to carry." Stranger and stranger.
And leave the burden on my hands
"No. The harm comes from—from the situation. From the world. Not from—us."
Victor looked pained. "No. I shouldn't have said that. But do leave me now. I can’t bear to have you here. I can’t—I can’t trust myself to stay right."
"Silicone?"
*****
After you have enriched your mind
vital, even. The desire was the same: to consume, and by consuming, to know. Physically, intellectually, scientifically, sexually – there was little enough difference, when it came right down to it, but he’d never experienced the heady merger of all forms of desire at once before. Recognizing the impulse for the insanity it was – knowing what it might look like – knowing, even, what the consequences could be – Sherlock acknowledged to himself that he wanted John Watson in every way that a person could want. He stared helplessly at his notebook, at a loss for words. He’d learned how to penetrate the creature’s skin, and science hadn’t had a thing to do with it.
During the months that followed, Sherlock and Victor had as much happiness as they believed men under that star can expect. They were affectionate and consistent by nature, and, thanks to Victor, extremely cautious of their safety. They agreed to abstain from avowals ("we have said everything") and almost from caresses. Their happiness was to be together; and if they felt dissatisfied with their arrangement or if some fear or jealousy or secret shame overtook them, they had their ways of making such moments bearable—a substance still provided by an eager and well-connected Sebastian Wilkes. So they proceeded outwardly like other men. Society received them, as she receives thousands like them. Behind Society slumbered the Law. Sherlock stayed in London with Mycroft and began to dabble a little in the twin sciences of deduction and detection. Victor worked for the bar. They met regularly and loved well, but their love was almost purely of the mind.
Here and there by day and night,
He realized belatedly that he was pleading.
: It’s just, I’m sat nice and comfy on the same stool at the same bar in the same pub, and wondering if you’d care for a pint.
Victor shoved him gently. “’Course I will. And you, me?”
Thus to make smooth my own.
To be a writer, as I was.
“Seb Wilkes always has plenty. Here; I’ve more than enough.”
The soft—toned words, the searching eyes,
PHILIP ANDERSON
: Goddamn you, answer me!
Sherlock cleared his throat. “No,” he said honestly. “I’ll not speak to him again. I only wanted—only wanted to…” Again, he was struck dumb. How to explain? His actions made no sense, even to himself. “But why are
"A pair, so to speak. Would these have been ornaments?"
"You don't mind?"
Sherlock understood then that it was no good. "I see,” he said, standing. He was shaking with anger. In truth, he quite liked the idea of living in London—but to be shuttled around by his family like a child! To live under his brother’s watchful eye! He shuddered.
Sherlock looked like an immense animal in his dark wool coat—a dangerous one, with wild eyes. He slipped it off as soon as they were alone in Victor’s study, and came up smiling coldly. "So, you don't love me?" he challenged.
? What do you remember? There must be something! How did you--how did you learn to speak English? You must see -- must see how extraordinary you are."
And then, suppose;
Sherlock found himself trying to get underneath the words.
"It hasn't yet. I think they came close this time, though." He shuddered again. "The first time, they used simple scalpels. That was worse than useless--the scalpels just broke in their hands. I could barely even feel them. After that, the knives got bigger. They're experimenting with different materials. This time it was a diamond-bladed saw. I could--I could definitely feel it."
There was no answer.
"You've got to learn to trust me, John," he said silkily. "Obviously it was possible. It all came down to science."
"But all the same, a little of him goes a long way."
"Thanks—most awfully." Sherlock felt terribly awkward. He kept thinking about that strange, swooping twist in his gut. About the way Trevor had looked at him.
And had no time to think.
: I’ll forget it if you tell me your name.
Then Trevor said, "The other movement may be in that pile over by the window. I must look. I shan't keep you."
I staggered on through darkness
With snares which bled men to death.
Life is too strong for you—
: Not high. Only drunk. V. respectible drunk on drink
At the invitation of their host, Trevor sat down at the pianola. Sherlock knelt beside him.
“Human,” the voice said again. “We require the return of the creature you have contained in your facility.”
“Will you promise me, Sherlock, that you will try?”
. Can you afford to destroy such a treasure trove of scientific – no, of tactical – importance?"
I have taken certain liberties with several more or less commonly accepted theories, but I assure you that those theories have not been violated altogether in ignorance. Some of them I myself believe sound, others I consider unsound, still others are out of my line, so that I am not well enough informed upon their basic mathematical foundations to have come to any definite conclusion, one way or the other. Still, it is my belief that there is no scientific impossibility to be found herein.
Tea, very bitter, was awaiting them, and Mrs Trevor looked one way while she poured out the other. People stood about, all looking distinguished or there for some distinguished reason. They were doing things or causing others to do them, all perfectly at their ease. Miss Trevor booked him to canvass tomorrow for Tariff Reform. He agreed without thinking as a matter of course; but the cry with which she greeted his alliance did not please him. "Mother, Mr Holmes is sound." Major Western, a cousin also stopping in the house, would ask him about Oxford. Did Army men mind one being sent down? In all, it was worse than the restaurant, for there Victor had been out of his element too.
Victor resumed. "By the way, can you come down to Penge next week? It's short notice, but later all will be chaos."
"Well, it was your beauty."
Sherlock stared gloomily before him, but Victor tapped him on the shoulder. "Comedy of Errors, not Tragedy,” he said playfully. “You can apologize now."
John did, and the first thing his eyes met were Sherlock's own, looking warmly down into his. Quickly, Sherlock reached into his pocket and drew out a compact mirror. He held it up to John.
“Might Lecky's
Trevor had not.
You sit with your friend, and all at once
MAJOR SHOLTO
“Ah,” Mycroft said, mind racing. He needed to buy some time. “What makes you think I have a creature of any sort?”
“Miss Hooper. You wrote you liked her."
Incendiary from the first;
While sewing the baby's things,
Suppose a boy steals an apple
"Now what will you wear, sir, I wonder?" inquired Archie, returning. "You'll put on your cricketing flannels straight away perhaps; that rather than the tweed."
"Except for meals we need never be in the other part of the house," he continued. "Either here or out of doors. Jolly, eh? I've a piano." He drew him into the study. "Look at the view. You may shoot rabbits out of this window. By the way, if my mother or Pippa tells you at dinner that they want you to do this or that tomorrow, you needn't worry. Say 'yes' to them if you like. You're actually going to ride with me, and they know it. It's only their ritual. On Sunday, when you haven't been to church they'll pretend afterwards you were there."
"Terrible headache," he told Anne. "Can’t bear the sun at all. I’m sorry about the match, but I think I'd better be in town."
finished, gentlemen?" he asked, and there was a surprising (and utterly galling) tone of amusement in his voice. "We need to get Mr. Watson to medical immediately. We have no idea what the physiological ramifications of his recent misadventure might be, nor the after-effects of enduring such an ordeal."
Mycroft glanced at him in surprise, but forbore to say more. Unimaginable that Sherlock still harboured feelings for young Trevor. It had been a full year, after all, since they had even seen each other! But Sherlock sat as if turned to stone, staring out the window and allowing his cigarette to burn down to his fingers, forgotten. He scarcely noticed when Mycroft took his leave.
: Er, Sherlock?
“I won’t. I won’t go back.”
Through all hours of the night working for victims: the poor and the hurt.
"Yes, do, Trevor. It is a jolly thing."
Sherlock readily agreed. He felt cautious, Victor’s mood so volatile that he could not predict him at all.
But here Molly surprised him. "But where," she replied wonderingly, "would silicon-based life evolve? There's no place on earth that could support such a radical departure from our evolutionary path, and we've discovered no evidence of anything like it."
From earth's dark soil,
Sherlock went on. His feeling of detachment was supreme. "No good arguing," he observed.
“No?” Watson sounded surprised, though it was too dark to properly see his face. “I always felt the same. But England--” It sounded as though he were talking to himself. "England feels less welcoming than it once did."
Hatred, suspicion, vision disturbed.
Did you neglect the needful acts,
Undersecretary Tretaske of the Secondary Council of the Galactic Consortium for Justice proclaims the Proven and Verified Guilt of Traveller Tryoquatt Erklits, of espionage, treason, murder, and subsequent crimes against a lesser species. Undersecretary Tretaske further orders him detained on penal planet 719 for a period of not less than 3.74 I-galactic temporal periods. During his period of detention, he shall be deprived of any and all contact with his nestlings, inclusive of psychic joinings, and shall subsist on planetary rations of 7 nutritional capsules per cycle. Rehabilitative programming to be provided as deemed appropriate. As decreed, so shall it be.
Sherlock Holmes finally discovers the advantages of caring.
From the tray at the shop,
"… All right."
He hissed through his teeth. "Is it painful?" It didn't occur to him until later that this was an uncharacteristic and unscientific question for him to ask first.
"Very good, sir." He straightened out a pair of socks and continued meditatively: "Oh, they've moved that ladder at last, I see. About time."
Molly giggled despite herself. "That should do it."
*****
Groups of people stood about with the air of arranging something, and though Victor's mother no longer presided she had come up for the week and rather ran the show. She had expected Victor to be back by now, she said, and it was the more disappointing because tomorrow Victor would have to be really away. The agent, who knew the constituency, was showing him round. Mr Holmes must be forgiving, and he must help them in the cricket match.
The tips of the ladder quivered against the dawn as he descended, then were motionless. There was a tiny crackle from the gravel, a tiny clink from the fence that divided garden and park: then all was as if nothing had been, and silence absolute filled the Russet Room, broken after a time by the sounds of a new day.
Trevor sighed. "Holmes, don't be grotesque."
"You’re getting idiotic, " Sherlock rejoined with deceptive calm. "You caused this: you brought harm onto yourself and onto an innocent Earth life. You
Amid dust and howls of pain.
"I guarantee you that the instrumentation is sound; you'll recall I adjusted it myself not two weeks ago when we received the Land's End meteorite shard. Ergo, the results are not impossible – merely improbable. Oh, Molly, it's Christmas!"
Things continued on in the manner for some time. Sherlock was not exactly content with his life, but he had moved into a little flat of his own in Montague Street and was developing his studies into an interesting and largely self-invented practice that he termed “the science of deduction.” Between that and time spent with Victor, he endured well enough--although no one could have said he thrived.
Lestrade flinched, as if slapped.  "You don't care to inform me more fully as to your plans?"
John looked very soft. "Go back to sleep, Sherlock," he said kindly, and kissed him again, natural as breathing. Then he took up the gun that had guarded them through the night.
For where I could steal a friend I did so.
Sherlock, almost whispering, asked, "When did you first care about me?"
: Can’t. Dying.
: Cock.
Sherlock jumped up, rubbing his hands together in glee. "Molly, you're an angel! Here--" he tossed her a little key. "Cake with your coffee tonight. You know the cupboard where Mycroft hides the good stuff."
"Verily I say unto thee, soon thou shalt
"I don't know. Might be. Mightn't. We can’t know the future. I know what we do today. We clear out of here and get a decent breakfast and we go down to Penge or whatever you want and see those lads of yours. You tell them you've changed your mind about emigrating and are taking a job with Mr Holmes instead. I'll come with you. I don't care. I'll see anyone, face anything. If they want to guess, let them. I'm fed up. Cancel your ticket, I'll repay for it and that's our start of getting free. Then we'll do the next thing, and so on, and so on. It's a risk, so's everything else, and we'll only live once."
John laughed and said, "Alright, damn the church. I’d rather stay here with you, that’s certain, but I've the cricket pitch to help roll for the match." He did not move, though, but nestled back into Sherlock’s arms. In the faint gray light he seemed to be smiling.
: EIGHTEEN TIMES
: Its Tom.
He married me when drunk.
I see the flickering light of these words even now:
Then Lord Smallwood wooed me,
For thinking of the medicine,
On each other, or what will result?
"Oh, yes? And how bloody long do you imagine it would last before the law sat up and took notice? The police are your bread and butter, Sherlock! What about your job?”
"Your beauty, idiot. I used to admire that man over the bookcase most. Until I met you."
"I'm sure you weren't. Had some private work to do, did you? Something you didn't want me to know about?"
The dust's for crawling, heaven's for flying—
And the lamps were not lit
: I didn’t.
Mycroft nodded. It was a better answer than he’d hoped for. “I have something else I’d like to speak with you about, as well. What do you suppose the world—the world of grown-up people is like?"
I could crawl between the legs of the wildest horses
And my father was violent,
There was almost a scandal.
O good detective,
And the smell of the trench just back of the tents
It was so unlike the adamant, enraged, frantic personality he had met on the first day that he had to swallow a sound of distress.
"You really think it will work?" she asked, flushed and pleased.
Sherlock’s face turned dark with a thunderous rage. “I see,” he hissed. “I see exactly what you are: a hypocritical coward. And all this time, I thought—”
MRS. HUDSON
The minutes wheeled like stars.
Molly bit her lip. She had no desire to break her promise of secrecy to Mycroft Holmes who, despite his exquisite manners, was quite the most terrifying man she'd met. On the other hand, Sherlock was a brilliant scientist--the most astonishing mind she'd encountered. And the truth was, she was stuck.
And hear them murmur their love and sorrow.
She glanced at his face with a sudden sharpness, then said, "Wouldn't you like to see your room?—Archie, take Mr Holmes to the Russet Room."
," the strange voice boomed. "We have no wish to prolong our intercourse with your species, and we certainly will not provide your vastly inferior species with such dangerous technological abilities. Bring forth the bodies and let the procedure commence!"
: I don’t think so. My shift doesn’t end until 9 and I’m usually pretty tired after.
Your love was not all in vain
As he spoke.
He growled with frustration. Mycroft alone held the key to his private lab. Well, Mycroft and his lackey...
: He’s very much not.
"I shall chuck it."
"Oh, for heaven's sake!" Sherlock exclaimed. "Do you wish for my help? Or shall I leave? Don't waste my time with this ridiculous shilly-shallying. I must see it. I must!" He all but stamped his foot.
you call this fascinating?!"
"Curtains drawn, sir, nice air, nice day for the match," said Archie entering in some excitement with the tea. He looked at the head of black hair that was all the visitor showed. No answer came, and, disappointed of a morning chat, he gathered up the dinner-jacket and its appurtenances, and took them away to brush. Sherlock sat up and drank a cup of tea. His mind began to race. Had Archie meant anything by "Curtains drawn, sir"? Did he suspect?
"You're so soft, Sherlock. Your skin is -- it's beautiful. I feel a little bit of stubble against my fingers, but it's soft. So, so soft... It's different from--from how everything felt before."
: Yes, apparently.
"Yesterday you cut chapel, four lectures, including my own translation class, and hall. You have done this sort of thing before. It's unnecessary to add impertinence, don't you think? Well? No reply? You will go down and inform your father of the reason. I shall inform him too. Until you write me a letter of apology, I shall not recommend your readmission to the college in October. Catch the twelve o'clock."
"Brain problems."
"Doesn't
And thus fade away together
Trevor laughed bitterly. "Or is it perhaps hypocrisy? You’ve jaded me, Holmes."
Sherlock smiled, helplessly charmed. "Clarinet?" he murmured. "A criminally under-appreciated instrument."
She'd nearly finished recalibrating the first of her inorganic biosignature monitors – his overconfidence was anathema to her scientific rigour – when he suddenly he jumped to his feet, resuming their conversation as if there'd never been a pause.
: I SAID FUJK YOU
"Hullo, Holmes!"
"Yes—come in. Here I keep: ground floor." Trevor turned on the light. The fire was nearly out. He told Sherlock to sit down and brought up a table with glasses.
"Thank you, Molly. It was -- in all honesty, I wouldn't have thought of that precise combination without John's ideas on diametric refraction.
– security, Lestrade, and if you pull any more of your fool ideas..."
Despite Sherlock’s protestations of social isolation and unmitigated rationality of thought, there were several individuals who harboured a great deal of fondness for the man – and he for them, reluctant though he was to admit it. Lestrade was one; Dr. Hooper another. And both were becoming somewhat uneasy about his increasing obsession with the strange creature known as John Watson. They’d seen what damage Sherlock could do to himself in the throes of intellectual frustration, and they feared the destructive power of his mind as much as they admired its inverse.
Sherlock was seated in his usual place, on the floor alongside the glass partition in Mycroft’s lab, watching John’s strange scales bristle and quiver in intoxicatingly beautiful patterns that Sherlock thought must denote acute mental distress. He did not mention his delight at the beauty to John, having learned from his previous experience that such would not be well received. His rapt observation was entirely covert.
: You made me watch CCTV footage of him snogging John.
"What wire?"
Life does not fiddle.
The power to interpret glances, silences,
The creature didn't move.
: Take a breath, Sherlock.
"Nothing"; and Sherlock knew that he had lost touch. Last term he would have understood this silent entrance.
"Sherlock! What did you do that for, you fool?"
It was humanoid in form, Sherlock was relieved to see, although slightly larger than the human baseline. His theory on ideal evolutionary forms for creatures of higher intelligence had, at least, been correct. The files he'd obtained from Molly listed the creature's height (almost 7 feet), weight (an astonishing 57 stone; it must be very dense), measurements, temperature, and respiration rates: resting and stressed. Attempts to x-ray it had proved futile, as had all efforts to extract blood or other fluids. Its skin -- a smooth, flat expanse of garish red that was reportedly both as hard as marble and as flexible as rubber -- seemed impervious to penetration of any kind. Sherlock squinted, trying to ascertain the texture of it. It had no hair apparent anywhere on its body, and seemed to wear no clothing, although slumped beneath a single blanket as it was, it was difficult to be certain. All the expected major appendages were present. The organ of generation was not visible, however, and facial features were -- well. They were off, somehow, in a way that was difficult to pinpoint.  Sherlock's pen hesitated, hovering above the page of his notebook. How to describe the effect of eyes, nose, ears, mouth -- everything was there, and in vaguely the right places, but still everything was -- wrong? The mouth looked somehow ichthyic: gaping slightly with each lipless breath; nose devoid of structure; ears unnervingly mobile -- and those eyes! Black through and through, with no iris, no pupil. Impossible to tell where it was looking, what it was seeing.
But for the accident of birth that made me a woman.
“No. No, I don’t suppose you are.”
There were John Watson and his wife,
At eighty-six I had lived enough, that is all,
Their eyes locked. Sherlock felt he was beginning to get used to the strange dark pools of the alien's eyes. They were fascinating -- and beautiful.
"Why...? Why do you think I'd know where G-- where Mr. Lestrade is?" Molly asked, again flushing.
They walked arm in arm or arm around shoulder now, and still Sherlock’s skin fizzed at their touch. When they sat it was nearly always in the same position—Trevor in a chair, and Sherlock at his feet, leaning against his chair. In the world of their friends this attracted no notice. Trevor would sometimes stroke Sherlock's hair. It made him quite breathless, which he strove to hide.
They harmonized in the darkness. The quietness of the hour suited them, and by mutual, unspoken decision they walked on together for a time. Sherlock was followed by a strange sense of well-being which lasted until he reached the house and Watson took his leave.
"America, I suppose."
"We need to find Lestrade," he said, straightening up at once. "Where is he usually at this time of night?"
: A favour? From me? Are you certain you wish to pursue this?
Sherlock shivered. Pleasure vibrated between his hands, his strings, his bow, and John’s scales. Without thinking, he shifted into Holst’s Planets: Venus, he played, bringer of peace and of love. Eerie. Slow. Beautiful.
"What about food?" Sherlock said suddenly. "Are you hungry? Have you eaten?
"Instead of that muddle last year."
And then there was nothing at all left to do. The team sat silently in the lab, watching the clock creep forwards with agonizing slowness.
"But the church has—"
*****
: ...
KITTY RILEY
"Silicone. Silicone-based life."
"You say that you care for women only, not men?"
To win at any cost, to save your own life.
There was a sudden crack -- like thunder, but less organic, more machine-like -- and the eerie red alien light flashed blindingly. Sherlock, along with all the other humans, pressed his hands to his eyes in agony, the sensory input too vast, too
"Well, good luck to you."
And a few kind souls believed my genius
Sherlock had thought that the alien body was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen, but he knew now that he'd been wrong. He ran his hand over John's worried brow, over his softly stubbled cheek. "Open your eyes, John," he said.
Mycroft was amused and asked him what examples of treachery he had seen. He replied that he had made many observations of grown-up people, and had concluded that one way or another, grown-ups were always cheating and dissembling. Losing his schoolboy manner, he began to talk like an adult, enumerating instances of deceptions he had observed: Mr. Sargent, who had cheated on his university exams; Leonard Blakely who lied about where he went every Wednesday evening; even the headmaster, whose vocal Christian piety somehow never extended to tithes or volunteerism.
: Help me.
, he told himself,
But at that instant, the door of the lab burst open and a half dozen uniformed security officers swarmed in, followed closely by an irate-looking Mycroft Holmes.
: And
Wilkes’s rooms were at the end of a short passage; which since it contained no obstacle was unlighted, and visitors slid along the wall until they hit the door.
How I happened to lead the life,
"You play the violin?" John asked rhetorically. "Of course you do. I don't know why I'm surprised."
in a class by yourself,” Molly sighed. “I couldn’t even copy them in less than a month, and I never could have invented them."
Sherlock spun on his heel and stormed out the door.
They ought not to have spent that night together in the hotel. It had now raised hopes that were too high. They should have parted with that handshake in the rain. A morbid fascination kept him among the porters and the dock hands, listening to their vulgarity. As he brooded a quiet voice said, "Good morning, Sherlock.”
"Cut them all—he'll only gate you."
"Yes, well. I shouldn't have offered to inflict my taste on you, at any rate. I've been told it's esoteric to the point of abstruseness."
He too was impersonal, but he had not got off the chair. His fingers remained on Victor's head, in his hair, but his mood had changed from anger to quiet concern. He was neither angry nor afraid, only desperate to understand.
“Oh, Sherlock,” he said sadly. He was not surprised by the depth of Sherlock's misery, but was profoundly shocked by his honesty in revealing it. He took refuge in his usual rationality. “Let us consider the matter pragmatically. This gamekeeper—he’s an uneducated man, I assume? Few prospects? Unknown to you? Surely you see that he’s got you in his power. In court would he have a case?"
Sherlock somewhat objected to the characterization of his love as base, but as this attitude accorded precisely with the formative advice his brother Mycroft had given him as a youth, Sherlock did not resist very much.
Sherlock nodded. “And I you. Truly, John, I am sorry. I meant no harm, no offense. I get carried away by scientific novelty, but I should not have forgotten that my study is your reality. It will not happen again.”
As well as the deceiving kisses I gave him.
Gathering himself, he opened the door of his car and stood, removing his case and ever-present umbrella from the seat beside him and turning to lock the door.
And we may never tell you:—
"That's right," he said. "You need never be puzzled or bothered now, nor distracted from your studies." Of love and life he said nothing, except “when you are grown and married, you shall thank me for this information.”
But there were flies and poisonous things;
And followed the flag till I saw it raised
“Because it is politic to do so, brother. Only that. It will save you a world of trouble in your life. Already, headmaster has spoken to me about you—spare yourself the aggravation of his ongoing concern, and feign a friendship or two. Join in!” He spoke the words with distaste. “Believe me when I tell you: I speak from experience. It is always expedient to appear to be as unremarkable and average as possible. You have the entire freedom of your mind to enjoy at your leisure when you simply allow the surface of your being to conform to the idiotic expectations of others.”
: I’m not your “mate.” What in the world gave you the impression that I would turn John Watson down?
It wasn't true.
He oxygen, she hydrogen,
: John, would you like to meet me at Angelo’s this evening?
A soul that's cured is a different matter,
They come in solitude, or perhaps
"Well,” Watson breathed, “good night, then, sir." He released his hold and stepped away.
: Anything to do with John?
During the meal they looked at each other. They sat at different tables, but Sherlock had contrived to move his seat so that he could glance at his friend. Trevor looked severe this evening and was not speaking to his neighbours. Sherlock was alarmed. What had he done? Had Trevor guessed what he was? Had he misjudged? He sighed. At the very least, he supposed, Trevor wasn't bored with him now.
"Not a word?"
“Goodbye, goodbye.”
Into the compass of your soul,
I grew spiritually fat living off the souls of men.
Sherlock began before the first course had even arrived. "Since we last met, Mycroft, I went wrong with a—. Christ! With the gamekeeper at Penge. He’s not— he’s not the usual sort. The way he talks is… He’s…” Sherlock broke off, pale cheeks flushed, furious with his own incoherence. “I should never have gone up. I don’t know what to do!"
Trying to find the path,
"Sherlock, it mustn't end like this—not a row," Victor implored. He rushed to insert himself between Sherlock and the study door, blocking the way. "Sit down and talk to me."
He went in and found his lover asleep. John lay upon piled up cushions, just visible in the last dying of the day. When he woke, rumpled and warm, he did not seem at all surprised, and fondled Sherlock's arm between his hands before he spoke.
"Alright," he said, his voice sounding strangely gentle in his ears. "In that case, John, I'm going to tell you what
Till I dropped down dead at his feet
"Oh! Well. Yes, perhaps. Until now."
"It’s a rather more important point than you seem to realize. Did you think to ask how, exactly, you were to emulate father? Or what qualities of mine you were to eschew?"
"It is my great honour to welcome you to our planet on behalf of the government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain, and indeed of the citizens of the world. We are delighted" – there was barely a hitch in his voice – "that you have found it possible to travel such a vast distance to introduce yourselves to us. On this truly historic occasion, we are concerned only with establishing friendly relations between us, and building cordial communication for future encounters. We trust that tonight's exchange will be beneficial to both of our constituencies."
: I hate your flat.
To the highest point,
"Got a chill? It's the weather."
"My name is Holmes. Sherlock Holmes," he said, as brightly as he could. "And if you tell me your name, I'll promise not to poke at you at all."
It is your horn and your angel and your family's estimate.
Finally, finally, the moment approached.
"I? It's appalling you should attribute such thoughts to me," pursued Victor. He was appalled. Had his influence corrupted Sherlock’s intellect? He could not realize that he and Sherlock were alike descended from the Victor of two years ago, the one by respectability, the other by rebellion, nor that they must differentiate further. It was a cesspool, and one breath from it in public could ruin him. But he must not shrink from his duty. He must rescue his old friend. A feeling of heroism stole over him; and he began to wonder how Watson could be silenced and whether he would prove extortionate. It was too late to discuss ways and means now, so he invited Sherlock to dine with him the following week in his club up in town. A laugh answered. He had always liked his friend's laugh, and at such a moment the soft rumble of it reassured him; it suggested happiness and security. "That's right," he said, and went so far as to stretch his hand into a bush of laurels. "That's better than making me a long set speech, which convinces neither yourself nor me." His last words were "Next Wednesday, say at 7.45. Dinner-jacket's enough, as you know."
"I know you're Watson—I meant your other name."
Sherlock’s lip quirked. “‘Was?’ You
"Of our friendship. Of our acquaintance, even, I shouldn’t doubt."
Sherlock hit it sooner than he expected—a most awful whack—and exclaimed "Oh damnation" loudly, while the panels quivered.
"You are surrounded by boys and taught by men. You are visited by me. This is the extent of your experience of the world."
Their marriage, a devastating fire.
: How are you so brave, Molly Hooper?
He read it through once, then got up and poured himself another drink, downing it in one. He read it again, struggling to understand.
Hiding himself, and his grief!
"Thanks.... Is there a post out?"
That night they walked for hours, silently, animated by frenetic, unnatural energy. In the dark, they stopped only once under the bright canopy of stars, poised at the crossroads between longing and dread, desire and hopelessness. Victor clasped Sherlock’s hand and brought it to his lips. Something of exquisite beauty arose in the mind of each at last, something unforgettable and eternal, but built of the humblest scraps of speech and from the simplest emotions.
"We must wade this," he said. "We can't go round or we shall never get anywhere. Sherlock, look—we must keep in a bee line south."
"I hardly think that’s necessary at this stage," Mycroft said. “But you must tell me all, Sherlock. Every detail. I shall do my best to shield you from any dire consequences, on condition your confession is exhaustive. Otherwise you waste both my time and your own."
Sherlock Holmes meets John Watson.
The soft-winged bats fly zig-zag here and there—
Of wine and worse, and joy of life
: ...
(See the end of the chapter for
I was just turned twenty-one,
“What is this?” he asked sharply. He had suppressed his panic within a millisecond of the commencement of the attack – for an attack, it surely was.
As he played, the now-smooth surface of John’s body shimmered, shook, then slowly changed, revealing the seams of its interlocking scales. Sherlock had seen a version of this physiological response before, but as the music continued, it intensified and transformed. In slow waves that crested in time with the music, the scales pulled back, retracting, opening, and before Sherlock’s astonished eyes, began to emit something – something indescribable. Emerging from the creature’s newly textured skin were wispy tendrils of sound-made-visible: almost--but not quite – corporeal.
For several seconds, it was all they could do to simply endure the barrage of sound and light. And then, just as suddenly as it began, it was over.
Sherlock was surprised by all of this. He had somehow expected to find the man unintelligent. Certainly, Trevor had a forthright and inflexible manner. But he also considered counter-arguments, thought long upon them, shook out the falsities and approved the rest. He listened carefully when Sherlock occasionally offered an opinion, and even asked for elaboration upon several small points. What hope for Sherlock, so desperately solitary, so unused to interest? His heart pounded in his chest. A stab of unnameable, unbearable emotion went through him. Jumping up, he said good night, only to regret his haste as soon as he was outside the door. He settled to wait, not on the staircase itself, for this struck him as absurd, but somewhere between its foot and Trevor's own room. Going out into the court, he located the latter, even knocking at the door, though he knew the owner was absent, and looking in he studied furniture and pictures in the firelight. Then he took his stand on a sort of bridge in the courtyard.
"Sherlock—oh, good God!"
Everyone in the small group shook their heads in the negative. Mycroft exhaled in relief.
Slowly, the creature pulled itself up and shuffled closer to the glass. When it arrived at the transparent barrier that comprised its prison, it stopped and turned around, facing the rear of the chamber. The sounds it made grew muted, but did not cease. Tiny waves, almost liquid, ran over its skin in rhythm with its -- respirations? It hadn't sounded like this before. Looking more closely, Sherlock realized that what had seemed smooth from a distance was in reality a network of closely interlocking scales, so tiny as to be nearly indistinguishable to the naked human eye. Scales? What
And then I found the Lady Adler
*****
Lestrade shook his head sharply. "You stand just as much chance of killing it with these 'examinations' as learning anyth--"
The voice trailed off, seemingly unconcerned.
Still kissing Sherlock, John held up a two-fingered salute. The ordeal he'd endured had indeed been difficult, but he had no intention of letting Sherlock go now. Not for Mycroft--not for anything.
And called at the top of my voice:
One night, just before ten o'clock, Sherlock Holmes slipped into Magdalen and waited in the Great Court until the gates were shut behind him. Looking up, he noticed the night. He professed indifference to beauty as a rule, but "what a show of stars!" he thought. And how the fountain splashed when the chimes died away, and the gates and doors all over Oxford had been fastened up. Magdalen men were around him—all of enormous intellect and culture. Sherlock's Merton set liked to sneer at Magdalen, but they could not ignore its disdainful radiance, or deny the superiority it scarcely troubles to affirm. He had come to it without their knowledge on the invitation of a third-year he’d met at the Sheldonian who had been diverted by Sherlock’s acerbic analysis of the musicians and asked him ’round for drinks sometime. In truth, Sebastian Wilkes had envied Sherlock’s astonishing perspicacity, and thought to amuse himself by having the strange, pale man deduce his chums’ most shameful secrets. Sherlock was unused to society and unburdened by many—by any—friends. Since coming up he had adopted a haughty demeanor to mask his loneliness, but he was incapable of resisting such an invitation, regardless of the motives which he knew to be suspect. Reflexively remembering the promise he had made to his brother all those years ago, he drew himself up and went on.
: Who IS this?
"What's your engagement matter?"
"Perhaps I do."
Or you drank too much and fell asleep;
: Molly. Are you upset with John? I hadn’t meant to
"Come to the glass," he said.
They began to see a little of one another. Trevor asked him to lunch, and Sherlock asked him back, but not too soon. A caution alien to his nature was at work. He had always been one to rush in to any new enthusiasm, and this caution on so large a scale was new. He became alert, and all his actions that October term might be described in the language of battle. He would not venture on to difficult ground. He spied out Trevor's weaknesses as well as his strengths. And above all he exercised and cleaned his powers.
"Who taught you to talk like this?" Victor gasped.
: Why do you say that?
Some days later, he was able to pen a response: "Consider it forgotten." Letters distort even more quickly than silence. A terror seized Victor that something was going wrong with Sherlock. Knowing his mercurial temperament, he feared that he might do something rash,and just before his exam he got leave to run down to town. Sherlock lunched with him. It was horrible. Both were tired, and they had chosen a restaurant where they could not hear themselves speak. "I haven't enjoyed it," said Victor when he wished goodbye. Sherlock felt relieved. He had pretended to himself that he had enjoyed it, and thus increased his misery. They agreed that they would confine themselves to facts in their letters, and only write when anything was urgent. The emotional strain relaxed, and Sherlock, nearer to brain fever than he supposed, slept for a full day and night.
"Rather not."
Sometimes I talked with animals—even toads and snakes—
: I don’t know why.
know. Things I've deduced to be true. And then I will share some theories that I expect to be proved true in the fullness of time."
: You’re not.
"I never meant you harm. Not ever. Not even when I was—jealous."
The aliens ignored him completely.
The creature made the sad clicking sound again and seemed to shrink further into itself.
When the beloved one withdraws itself from your soul
If Sherlock had known that he and Victor would only be properly together for a single night and day, he thought that he would not have chosen to spend it careering about like a fool, but in rather more intimate pursuits. He did not know that he had in fact spent it perfectly—he was too young to detect the triviality of contact for contact's sake. He would have surfeited passion; excess was his nature. When he was much older, he realized how well Fate had served him. The one embrace in the darkness, the one long day in the light and the wind, were twin columns, each useless without the other. And all the agony of separation that he went through now, instead of destroying, was to fulfill. He tried to answer Victor’s horrible letter. Already he feared to ring false. In the evening he received another, composed of the words "Sherlock! I love you too well to compromise you any further. We must stop now, stop and forget. The consequences don’t bear thinking about. But please—please write back. I can’t bear this."
"You might give me a chance instead of avoiding me. I only want to discuss."
"And I settled to stop because I thought you would be up. Comedy of Errors."
: I can stiol feel it
They set the lips, and sagged the cheeks,
"The same happiness is not possible for everyone. That's why life's this Hell. If you do a thing you're damned, and if you don't you're damned—" he paused, and continued. "Sorry. I do apologize. I’m not well—should like a little ice."
"All I have. Which includes my body."
"This one has five legs."
It takes strength to live!
John shuddered. "I'm so afraid," he whispered. "Promise me, Sherlock. Promise me that I'm back--that it's real."
: Coffee? Nero in 20?
"Come back, waiting tonight at boathouse, Penge. Yours, John."
"Did they hurt you? My brother's cretins, I mean? What did they do?"
MOLLY HOOPER
: Just ask him. Talk to him. You never talk to him.
For God is nothing but gravitation
"Why—why do you call me John?"
There was a pause. John went on sadly: "It wouldn't work, Sherlock. Ruin of us both, can't you see? You same as myself."
At midnight when the moon is full.
Oh, ye souls who have made life
Sherlock turned to leave.
We quarreled that morning
The creature's scales were standing upright in what Sherlock now knew to be high emotion. He didn't answer, but placed his hand up against the glass. "Please," John said. "Please don't leave me here to die."
: I also require CCTV footage of
Sherlock nearly sagged with relief. Once away from Penge he would see clearly perhaps.
To scratch dirt over scandal for money,
He entered the estate at its lower end, through a gap in the hedge, and it struck him for the first time how derelict it was, how unfit to set standards or control the future. In the haze of the afternoon light, a bird called, animals scuttled, he hurried on until he saw the pond glimmering, and black against it the trysting place, and heard the water sipping. He was here, or almost here. Still confident, he lifted up his voice and called John.
That there are drones and workers
And there were the whores who followed us, full of syphilis;
"Saw you leaning out of the window instead. I was out on the lawn."
, for their bodies to parse. Pain, their brains seemed to decide after a split second of hesitation: the sensation could only be interpreted as pain.
The man made no reply other than a gesture of resignation.
Without a moment's hesitation he set out for the boat-house at Penge. Those words had got into his blood, they were part of John, and of his own promise in that last desperate embrace. They were all he had to go by. He left Southampton as he had come to it—instinctively—and he felt that not merely things wouldn't go wrong this time but that they daren't, and that the universe had been put in its place. A little local train did its duty, a gorgeous horizon still glowed, and inflamed cloudlets which flared when the main glory faded, and there was even enough light for him to walk up from the station at Penge through quiet fields.
"Sherlock, then. I saw you when you first drove up, Sherlock, wasn't it Tuesday? I remember wondering why you looked at me like that, angry and gentle both together."
"I said the eighth."
: Tom isn’t here. We broke up ages ago. I thought you knew.
"Yes. I'm beginning my second year."
“I remember,” Sherlock said. He had begun to tremble.
"No consequences for what you do, though, are there?" John asked, his voice louder and stronger than it had been all night.
: Of meeting me at Angelo’s this evening for dinner?
For as a boy I studied hard
"I've got them safe."
"Sherlock, I'm Sherlock."
"I keep trying," he was saying, Sherlock nodding encouragingly. "I've done nothing but wrack my brains since they brought me here, and I just don't remember. It's a blank -- a gap in my memory. Like I was unconscious. One minute I was walking up New Cavendish Street on my way to an interview at U.C.H. I remember I passed a cafe and thought I might have time for a quick coffee. Then -- nothing."
Where I passed through every peril known
. I don’t have friends.”
Gradually, faintly, delicately
"Damn the cricket, as well—You're going to bloody India!"
They called me strange, and ugly,
this thing?
"Do you mean you were out in all that infernal rain the whole time?"
I died at last with a single shot.
Unfortunately it was not a real bridge: it only spanned a slight depression in the ground, which the architect had tried to utilize in his effect. To stand on it was to feel in a photographic studio, and the parapet was too low to lean upon. Still, with a pipe in his mouth, Sherlock looked fairly natural, and hoped it wouldn't rain. He was more comfortable with solitary skulking than socializing in rooms with his fellows, in any case.
"Of course I believe you, John. I was merely attempting a memory visualization technique. An experiment, if you will. Please calm yourself."
Sherlock cocked his head, vastly relieved to be hearing that strange voice again.
"How properly?"
: John doesn’t love me.
When Sherlock Holmes ran away and threw me over
: Sherlock?!? Have you eaten today? Are you okay?
And angels blowing trumpets—you are heralded, sir—
"Just in?"
: Oh christ, Molls. What’s he done now? Dare I ask?
The hum twisted in the air, an almost palpable thing, and the sound rose and rose to a near-unbearable pitch. All the humans within range slapped their hands over their ears, writhing in pain. Mycroft, who stood in the centre of the brilliant ring of light and who had thus experienced the most direct blast of the Martian's – annoyance? – fell to his knees, gasping.
John snorted. "I wouldn't know enough to name a single song. Haven't had anything to do with proper music since my school days. Played clarinet in the junior orchestra for two years -- that's the extent of my musical knowledge and training."
John looked up, his black eyes now flat and opaque.
Somehow, from that hour, I had a new vision—
In the hollow of your hand;
"... will not return." Meaning coalesced from the humming sound around them, almost without the intervention of words, or of language.
"All right, Sherlock?" John asked—for he had sighed. "You comfortable? Rest your head on me more, the way you like. That's it. Don't worry. Please don’t worry."
Staggered, Sherlock realized that John was singing with light: music without sound, image without substance.
And twisted it to hate.
He died one night right in my arms, you know.
Victor sprang up with a whimper of disgust. He wanted to smite the monster, and flee, but he was civilized, and wanted it feebly. After all, they were Oxford men ... pillars of society both; he must not show violence. And he did not; he remained quiet and helpful to the very end. But his thin, sour disapproval, his dogmatism, the stupidity of his heart, revolted Sherlock, who could only have respected hatred.
"You know I've been sent down."
Sometime later, they fell asleep.
"That's better. Goodness! I don't know why I put up with you," Lestrade said.
“Sherlock?” She spoke again, louder this time, and determined not to leave him alone with his thoughts. “I want to help the creature – Dr. Watson, I mean – too, but I’ve no idea where to start. Let’s work together –something! Where can we start? We can't just sit here and twiddle our thumbs!"
"No, one can't," agreed Sherlock, speaking with difficulty and with the sense that he had lost his bearings. He felt relief when Archie finally left him in peace, but it was overshadowed by the thought of the happy Trevors and the breakfast table. As he dressed, the trickle of discomfort gathered force. Though not a dandy, he had the suburban gentleman's usual show of toilet appliances, and they all seemed alien. Then the gong boomed, and just as he was going down to breakfast he saw a flake of mud close to the window sill. Watson had been careful, but not careful enough. His head spun. He was headachy and faint when, clothed all in white, he at last descended to take his place in society.
Sherlock took a deep breath. “All right? Is everyone ready?” The countdown clock showed that there remained scant minutes until their window opened.
The creature's movements, expressed by John Watson's body, looked obscene. Where a human might have shook his head or shrugged his shoulders, the creature cocked its head at a strange angle and peered up at him, a strange combination of human and alien.
It was all so plain now. He had lied to himself. He phrased it "been fed upon lies," but lies are the natural food of boyhood, and he had eaten greedily. His first resolve was to be more careful in the future. He would live truthfully, not because it mattered to anyone now, but for his own sake. He would not deceive himself. He would not—and this was the test—pretend to be anything other than what he was. He loved men and always had loved them. He longed to embrace them and mingle his being with theirs.
Sherlock snorted. “I regard it as a point of pure scholarship. The Greeks, or most of them, were that way inclined, and to omit it is to omit the mainstay of Athenian society. You've read the Symposium?”
: I am.
WIGGINS
Several minutes later, he continued as if there had been no pause. "Factoring in Watson’s height and weight, that size of scanner should be able to find him anywhere up to about a thousand miles. And quite frankly, I don't believe he's left London. Where is his logical destination? It can't be far--not if he's as weakened in Jo--in Watson's body as Watson is in his. He doesn't have compatriots here, at least none that we know of – and Mycroft would know. No, logic dictates that he must be in London."
"Excellent!" he exulted, copying coordinates down into his notebook. "He's within half a mile of us, three-quarters on--perfect! I feared he'd be so far away that I'd have to take additional readings to locate him. He hasn't a single ray on us, either, from what I can tell. The game is afoot!"
*****
: What?! Why?
At his touch, so warm and alive and real, Sherlock loosed an involuntary sob. Watson started back in alarm and Sherlock’s eyes were wet, but Sherlock pulled him inexorably down once more.
"I suppose so, as he isn't here. It wasn't anything particular."
: I was wondering what you’re up to tonight?
At the 59 minute mark, he strode purposefully to the door of his facility, and looked up into the dark night sky, Gregory Lestrade on one side, Sherlock Holmes on the other.
The tongue may be an unruly member—
: Thomas Middleton.
Afterward by withdrawing my presence from you.
"How can I, the way you hold me?"
Insidious, subtle, versed in the world and rich.
Are they hands of farewell or greeting,
"It's that."
Not so much of the sorrow itself
Molly nodded vigorously.
Sherlock, with his resolution firmly in mind, responded with cold formality. "Fine, Watson, thank you," he said, and turned away.
Sherlock straightened up suddenly. "Listen," he said. "I can't get you out, but perhaps I can make things slightly more pleasant for you." He sprinted from the room, ignoring John's protests.
: Gavin. That’s not an answer.
: For God’s sake, just do it.
We were together for fifty years,
And stood on the corner talking politics,
That act of the Spartan boy is greatly praised,
If with someone with whom you have known passion
Sherlock blinked again. "You know I do."
First with diminished thanks,
Sherlock turned to look at him with sudden interest. “No? And yet, you know enough of the book to recommend it, and enough of me—at least, so you imagine—to think that it would suit my taste.” Watson was an importation—part of the larger life that had come into Penge with politics and Anne Woods. He was smarter than old Mr Ayres, the head keeper, and knew it: one of the new class of servants who didn’t care to ‘know his place.’
He leapt into the viewing station and pulled the visiplate towards himself. “No trace of chromatic, spherical, or astigmatic aberration," he reported in surprise. "The refracting system is invisible--it seems as though nothing intervenes between the eye and the object."
: Shhherlock
Why talk of "the impossible"? The universe is so much larger than we humans can comprehend.
"Get up then."
you eat?"
"I don’t agree. Not anymore." Yes, that was the reason of his visit. It was the closing of a book that would never be read again, and better close such a book than leave it lying about to get dirtied. The volume of their past must be restored to its shelf, and here, here was the place, amid darkness and perishing flowers. He owed it to John also. He could suffer no mixing of the old in the new. All compromise was perilous, because furtive, and, having finished his confession, he must disappear from the world that had brought him up. "I must tell you too what he did," he went on, trying to keep down his joy. "He's sacrificed his career for my sake … without a guarantee I'll give up anything for him. I don't know whether that's ‘platonic’ of him or not, but it's what he did."
"Stop. Boring. Don't care.
"Most grotesque," the voice echoed, "but I felt after all I owe you I ought to come and tell you. I want to be truthful, when I can."
“Why should we be slaves to our base impulses, after all?” Victor would ask, when Sherlock occasionally expressed admiration or desire for Victor’s quite lovely physical form. “We love each other—you know we do, and that shall not change—why need we debase ourselves?”
Trevor looked up from where he sat, a small vial of cocaine in his shaking hands. “It’s more than my life’s worth, Holmes. Please. I can’t.”
And the glow of youthful love
But an example was the one thing Sherlock could realize. "Ada?" he said, with a change of tone. “Your nurse?”
"Well. Congratulations, then. Best of luck."
"It's all in there—not meat for babes, of course, but you ought to read it. Read it this vac."
To pervert truth, to ride it for a purpose,
Sherlock felt drunk with upheaval and joy. He watched the steamer move, and suddenly she reminded him of a Viking's funeral boat that he had read about as a boy. The parallel was false, yet she was heroic, she was carrying away death. She warped out from the quay, swung into the channel to the sound of cheers, and she was off at last, a sacrifice, a splendour, leaving smoke that thinned into the crisp air, and ripples that died against the wooded shores. For a long time he gazed after her, then turned to England. His journey was nearly over. He was bound for his new home. He had become his own man, truly, and now it was for John to bring out the hero in him. He knew what the call was, and what his answer must be. They must live as outsiders, without close relations; they must work and stick to each other till death. But England belonged to them. That, besides companionship, was their reward. Her air and sky were theirs, not the timorous millions' who own stuffy little boxes, but never their own souls. In his excitement he felt that John was close to him. He wasn't, couldn't be, he was elsewhere in the splendour and had to be found.
"Are you going back into college?" asked Trevor without looking up: he was kneeling over a castle of pianola records on the floor.
Lestrade shook his head in wonder. "Now, hang on, Sherlock. You know I can't open up Mr. Holmes's personal lab just... on your say-so. It's more than my--"
Please bear in mind that we
: Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade, have you, in your vast experience and with your highly honed observational skills, ever known Dr. John Watson to fuck men?
No more was said at the time, but Sherlock was free of a subject that — since that awkward conversation with Mycroft many years ago — he had never mentioned to any living soul. He hadn't known it could be mentioned, and when Cornwallis did so in the middle of class, a small breath of liberty touched him.
"No--don't laugh. Truly. This is. This is insanity. Look. Look at me! This is not my hand. This is not my arm! I don't even know
"That is not the case, I assure you. You're thinking in absolutes, which is the surest sign of an immature mind. Govern yourself at once!"
“Did you enjoy the Lecky, sir?” was its form.
"Shared what?"
Sherlock lived on, miserable and misunderstood, as before, and increasingly lonely. One cannot write those words too often: Sherlock's loneliness, it increased.
"Don't ask me."
: I’m dying.
"You'll see," he said smiling.
Sherlock managed to reply, "You mustn't call me sir," and the laugh sounded again, as if brushing aside all worries. There seemed to be charm and insight, yet Sherlock’s discomfort increased. Watson would soon leave him alone again soon, he knew. Above all, he must not allow himself to begin to care.
If obliged to ask himself, "What's all this?" Sherlock would have replied, "Mycroft advised me long ago of the wisdom of feigning social relations. Well! I have found a tolerable fellow at last and I am following his advice!” But he allowed himself to ask nothing, and merely went ahead with his mouth and his mind determinedly shut. Each day with its contradictions slipped into the abyss, and he carefully ignored the fact that he was actually in danger of developing an attachment of the sort Mycroft had warned him against. To him, now, nothing else mattered. If he worked well in class and impressed his tutors, it was only a by-product, to which he had devoted no care. To ascend, to stretch a hand up the mountainside until a hand catches it, was the end for which he unconsciously strove. He forgot the hysteria of his first night and his strange recovery. They were steps which he kicked behind him. He never even thought of tenderness and emotion; his considerations about Trevor remained strategic. Trevor didn't dislike him, he was sure. That was all he wanted. One thing at a time. He didn't so much as have hopes, for hope distracts, and he had a great deal to see to.
: Fair point. Crown at 8?
My apartments near the Champs Elysees
"I'll tell you my latest now," said Victor into his ear. "As soon as I got home I had a row with father and told him I should stop up a fourth year."
"In terms of tracking him down, I believe the task may not be as hopeless as it first seems. There are several limiting factors that we can assume to be in play, and additional scientific calculations should make it possible to estimate a likely radius, at least."
"Do I? No, perhaps it's a bit late for tea." Rather tepidly he added, "Like some whiskey though?"
There was a flurry of noise as the creature moved, then. Not the rustling of clothing or the crack of joints or even the groan of a grown man picking himself up off of the floor. It was not an animal sound; not an insect sound; yet it was organic -- alive. This was a series of muted clicks, as of tiny bits of metal bumping and rubbing against each other. And then--it was not quite that, either. Sherlock had never heard the like of it. He could feel that sound taking up residence under his skin, like fingernails scratching across a chalk board. He shivered, but the frisson he felt was not at all unpleasant.
: TOM?
: What’s going on, Sherlock? You’ve been weird for days. Weirder, I mean.
: so much
"No! No, Sherlock. That's not -- that's not what I meant. At all. I just meant that you're -- you're brilliant. Your talents are extraordinary. I should have known you'd be a musician, as well."
By our camp in a desert in Afghanistan,
"Thank you," John breathed. "You did this for me. I was a dead man, a dead -- something -- until you came along."
: sympathies. But tell m, if you would: what exactly was his APPEAL???
"Excellent. Keep watching. Did you turn? Open the door? What happened next?"
Meanwhile Sherlock scribbled a wire. "Detective Lestrade, Scotland Yard, London," he wrote. "Away for research. Wire if needed. Holmes. Care of Trevor, Penge, Wiltshire."
“Well, well,” Mycroft said when he had heard all. “The situation is not as ominous as I feared. Such a man would be unlikely to bring public charge against you. Blackmail, of course, is another matter entirely, but we shall bide our time. It may be that we have nothing to fear.”
Sherlock swallowed hard. "Good. Remember that. Remember the sensation. And now--"
"You ought to be this end," said Sinclare, who was smoking by the fire. "You should get away from the machine as far as you can."
They were his last words, because Sherlock had disappeared thereabouts, leaving no trace of his presence except a little pile of the petals of the evening primrose, which mourned from the ground like an expiring fire. To the end of his life Victor was not sure of the exact moment of departure, and with the approach of old age he grew uncertain whether the moment had yet occurred. The Blue Room would glimmer, ferns undulate. Out of some external Oxford his friend began beckoning to him, clothed in the sun, and shaking out the scents and sounds of the May term. But at the time he was merely offended at a discourtesy, and compared it with similar lapses in the past. He did not realize that this was the end, without twilight or compromise, that he should never cross Sherlock's track again, nor speak to those who had seen him. He waited for a little in the alley, then returned to the house to devise some method of concealing the truth from Anne and from the rest of the world—leaving Sherlock to his John, in the greenwood.
“Christ, no,” Watson snorted. “Not my area.”
John breathed a sigh of relief, then pulled Sherlock down for another hard kiss. "I should have known from the first that I loved you. I’ve been wild with it. Too late ... everything's always too late," he whispered. “We’ve been such fools, not to trust each other—to trust this thing between us, this strange thing.”
Some as violent,
"I've missed two lectures already," remarked Sherlock late the next morning. He and Trever were lazily smoking in bed. Sherlock could not stop touching his friend’s skin.
: tom
"What is it you want?" he asked, advancing.
“I'd better ring off. Goodbye, Victor."
They must fly so to catch their food.
Sherlock blinked. "My what?"
Who hid the wolf under his cloak,
I went to parties at Wiltons,
"But I've no proper riding breeches."
"Some men mask them—your Mr. Blakely, for instance, strikes me as just such a one—and some ignore them, yes. England has always been disinclined to accept human nature," Mycroft concluded. “Given the risks and the consequences, it is both wise and expedient for men like us to take a wife.” This was the essence of Mycroft’s message that day: to conform. To conform! His heart suddenly ached, and he had to quell the impulse to put a hand on the boy’s shoulder. He looked down at Sherlock to see that he understood, but he was staring fixedly at the ground. Mycroft sighed and went on. “It mayn’t be as terrible as all that, brother. You may, as I hope to do, find a sympathetic woman who requires the protection of marriage just as much as you do. In such a case, your arrangement will be mutually beneficial. Think of all the brilliant work you will be able to do in your life, with that protection! Here, this day ten years hence—I invite you and your wife to dinner with my wife and me. We will make a merry party, I promise you. Will you accept?"
"You're beastly hard," blurted Sherlock, "you don't know what it is to have a mind in a mess, and it makes you very hard."
Sherlock nodded and took up his violin. The rest of the night was passed pleasantly in the communion of song.
“My dear fellow—what..?”
"Explain," she said flatly. She'd weathered his stormy enthusiasms before, and although there was no discounting his brilliance, his methods were often alarmingly inconsistent.
From the clover field, the delicate spoil.
The sister whose madness gave us trouble
Degenerate sons and daughters,
At this, Mycroft looked very grave. “Why would you say such a thing, Sherlock?”
John suddenly scrubbed at his eyes with the sun-roughened back of a hand and said, "Don't talk to me about Penge! You've no idea what it’s been like. Treated like dirt by the man I thought you loved. I went flaming mad when you didn't turn up at the boathouse. I’ve never been so— It’s never been like this, for me."
But silence poisons the soul.
"No. You love it. You can't chuck it. Certainly not for the likes of me."
“I—I suppose.”
And saved those they killed.
“Correct. The sexual impulse is not only for procreation. In some of us, its function is less generative and more troublesome. For men of ambition and men of intellect, it is an impulse we must master. I had hoped that you might be spared the added burden of such proclivities. Vainly, I see. You must be very careful. Be guarded. You must learn that not every impulse should be followed.”
She shook her head. "You'll never get in. It's in Mycroft's private lab. He won't even let me near it unless he's there to personally supervise."
"Don't allude to that," he flashed. Then he relapsed into intellectualism. "Sherlock—oh, I'm more sorry for you than I can possibly say, and I do, do beg you to resist the return of this obsession. It'll leave you for good if you do. Occupation, fresh air, your friends...."
: Tom! Alright, mate? Sorry – I’m at work.
When Sherlock returned to the drawing-room he felt more comfortable than before. He walked up to Mrs Sheepshanks, opened his mouth before she could open hers, and was even moderately polite. He took his place in the absurd octet that was forming to go in—himself and Mrs Sheepshanks, Major Western and another woman, another man and Pippa, Victor and his mother and father. Mr. Trevor ignored Sherlock entirely, while the lady hazily apologized for the smallness of the party, and then joined her husband in a pleasant sort of indifference.
"And yet. You've seen it. You've
"I’ll send it out with Hobbs right away, sir."
John looked away.
"Yes, of course," echoed Victor, who was dressed for the match. "We'd hoped you'd last the week with us, Sherlock, but we quite understand, and if you must go you must go."
For certain designs, for cunning ends!
"Watson. I’m in love with him."
Mycroft Holmes drove quickly to the rear parking lot of the laboratory complex. Pulling into his reserved stall by the private rear door, he sat in stillness for a moment. He did not relish the task he had before him, but it was necessary, he reminded himself. And he had always been the man to accept the necessary but distasteful tasks – it was the secret of his expansive power and influence with his country’s government. This was no different from any of the many experiments he had carried out in the past -- for the greater good.
He found his opportunity after a debating society to which both belonged. Trevor—pleading his examination—had sent in his resignation, but had begged that the society might meet in his rooms first, as he wished to take his share of hospitality. This was like him; he hated to be under an obligation to anyone. Sherlock went and sat through a tedious evening. When everyone, including the host, surged out into the fresh air, he remained, thinking of the first night he had visited that room, and wondering whether the past cannot return. Trevor entered, and did not at once see who it was. Ignoring him utterly, he poured himself a large drink and bolted it down.
*****
What was he doing? He felt himself to be dissolving, mind and flesh tearing themselves to pieces with feverish and fruitless energy. He pulled out his dressing case and removed the little bottle of laudanum that the had brought with him. He took a large draught, and lay back on the bed once more. The tension in his body slowly lessened and his breathing quieted. His desperation, too, began to abate. As the trance continued to work, Sherlock had the illusion that the large portrait that hung over the desk had changed, now at his will, now against it, from female to male, and come leaping down from the wall and knelt over him. ... He moaned, half asleep. There was something better in life than this rubbish, if only he could get to it—love—nobility—big spaces where men clasped peace, spaces no loneliness could reach, but they existed for ever, full of woods some of them, and arched with majestic sky and a friend. He really was asleep when he sprang up and flung wide the curtains with a cry of "Come!" The action awoke him; what had he done that for? A mist covered the grass of the park, and the tree trunks rose out of it like the channel marks in the estuary near his old school. It was very cold. He shivered and clenched his fists. The moon had risen. Below him was the drawing-room, and the men who were repaving the tiles on the roof of the bay had left their ladder resting against his window sill. What had they done that for? He shook the ladder and glanced into the woods, but the wish to go into them vanished as soon as he thought it. What use was it? He was too old for fun in the damp. But as he returned to his bed a little noise sounded, a noise so intimate that it might have arisen inside his own body. He seemed to crackle and burn and saw the ladder's top quivering against the moonlit air. The head and the shoulders of a man rose up, paused, a gun was leant against the window sill very carefully, and someone he scarcely knew moved towards him and knelt beside him and whispered, "Were you calling for me? Were you? I knew it. ... I knew when I first saw you, I knew," and then Watson was touching him, kissing him—urgently.
And you must bear the burden of life,
So it was with my John.
I wounded its pride and devoured its strength.
While I, the girl child of parents who had aged,
John grasped the mirror and drew it to his face. "I am. My God! I truly am! Sherlock, I didn't believe it was possible!" He dropped the mirror and pulled Sherlock into a fervent embrace. Sherlock almost overbalanced, but caught himself with his knee and hugged back for all he was worth.
"Likely enough," he thought, and instantly took himself in hand. Whatever happened he must not collapse. He had done that enough over Victor, and to no effect, and to collapse in this graying wilderness might mean going mad. To be strong, to keep calm, and to trust—they were still the one hope. But the sudden disappointment revealed to him how exhausted he was physically. He had been on the run ever since early morning, ravaged by every sort of emotion, and he was ready to drop. In a little while he would decide what next should be done, but now his head was splitting, every bit of him ached or was useless and he must rest. The boathouse offered itself conveniently for that purpose.
"What?"
Sherlock approached this most dangerous day without any plan at all. He did not inform Mycroft of the rendez-vous. It would have been prudent, perhaps, to have an ally, and yet he wished—he felt he must—face John alone. He had no expectation of what might happen, yet something kept rippling in his mind like muscles beneath a healthy skin. It was a new, strange sensation, entirely unfamiliar to him. When he saw John's face glowing through the dirty air his own tingled slightly, and he determined not to strike until (unless?) he was struck. "Here you are," he said, raising a pair of gloves to his hat. "This rain's the limit. Let's have a talk inside."
And was ruined.
And no one knows what is true
Sherlock restrained himself from making any obvious sign of distress, but as soon as his landlady had left his rooms, he groaned mightily and thrust his head into his hands, tugging violently on his dark curls. If you go you are ruined, he told himself. You must not consider it. If you reply your letter will be used against you. You must not reply. You are in danger, but he hasn't a scrap of your handwriting, and he's leaving England in ten days' time. Lie low, and hope for the best. He had been very foolish, but if he played his cards carefully for the next ten days he ought to get through. He telephoned again to Mycroft, who had little information to offer. John Watson, it seemed, was entirely ordinary and unremarkable, with no scandals in his past and no apparent criminal tendencies. Mycroft’s voice was subdued; he sounded unusually pensive as he rang off.
*****
"I have absolutely no idea, but here we are. Here
: I’ll tell you later. So what’s up?
"Where you wish."
He snuggled closer, more awake than he pretended, warm, golden, happy. Happiness overwhelmed Sherlock too. He moved in John’s embrace, felt the answering grip, and forgot what he wanted to say. Light drifted in upon them from the outside world where it was still raining. A strange hotel, a casual refuge protected them a little longer.
Sherlock fell back to his knees. "John," he breathed. "Is it... is it really you?"
"Why? Hmm? Now you're home, you can tell me to my face."
"I'm here. I'm alright, Sherlock."
: Yes, I think it is. Is that okay?
: It’s a date.
… Yes! Yes, perhaps.” He took it up. “Read it, have you?”
"It's a chance in a thousand we've met, we'll never have the chance again and you know it. Stay with me. We love each other."
"Here they are," Mycroft said. His usual hauteur was visibly absent. "How shall we facilitate this process? What can we... how can we help?"
Mr. Hudson, you know, was tossed from the army
"If you've
: I’m in no sort of shape to be starting anything, honestly. Did you not notice? I’m a fucking mess, Tom.
“Won’t, can’t – what does it matter? I’ll be dead before long.”
"Mine's Anne Woods, but I can't think of anything to say." She laughed nervously.
: WTf mate?
And attending. I learned the ways of people
: Just like that.
At the 47-minute mark, Sherlock returned to the facility with an apparently human body in tow: weak and feeble, barely conscious. He sprinted to Mycroft’s office, but was summarily ejected by a firm Gregory Lestrade, who filled Sherlock in on the situation.
: Well, have you?
Two floors below them, Gregory Lestrade heaved an aggrieved sigh and downed the last of his coffee.  He'd wondered how long it would take for Sherlock Holmes to receive his anonymous tipoff. His life, he reflected wryly, had just got a lot more complicated.
: FUCK. Oh, fuck.
And often you asked me
"Just leave it, will you? You've never done anything to be ashamed of, yet. Keep it that way, my dear friend. Please. Think of me. Think of our futures."
"I shan't want them after hall?"
You had cured my diseased soul.
"I think so—play it again, would you?"
Despite himself, Sherlock was touched by the question. There was a tremor in the creature's voice that sounded more than a little like fear.
So another fortune.
Mycroft sighed. “I did try to warn you,” he began. He was very angry with his brother’s idiocy and mule-headedness, but hid his emotion behind a facade of resignation. “Well, perhaps it's all for the best,” he said. “What do you want with a university degree? It won’t teach you anything you don’t already know—or can’t teach yourself in a week or two of applied effort, God knows. Waste of time for a mind like yours. Get into harness at once, hmm? Quite right to insult the Dean, as well.” (This last was sarcasm.) “And I assume you won’t apologize?”
“I see. Thank you.”
Sherlock snorted. "You wouldn't care a jot for what you can learn from it if you weren't convinced it would give us a tactical advantage over the Russians in weapons development -- and consolidate your power over the Prime Minster."
The next day was even drearier and the only thing to be said in its favour was that it had the unreality of a nightmare. Archie woke him with incessant chatter, the rain dribbled, and in the sacred name of sport they were urged after rabbits over the Penge estate. Sometimes they shot the rabbits, sometimes missed them, sometimes they tried ferrets and nets. The rabbits needed keeping down and perhaps that was why the entertainment had been forced on them: there was a prudent strain in Victor. They returned to lunch and Sherlock thought to escape to his room for the afternoon, but Archie thought the company had better go after the bunnies again, and he was too depressed to refuse. The rain was now less, on the other hand the mist was thicker, the mud stickier, and towards tea time they lost a ferret. Dinner arrived at eight, but so did the politicians, and after dinner the drawing-room ceiling dripped into basins and saucers. Then to the Russet Room, the same weather, the same despair.
Even in his nausea Victor turned to a generalization—it was part of the mental vagueness induced by his marriage. "But surely—we agreed! The sole excuse for any relationship between men is that it remain purely platonic."
Sherlock Holmes goes up to Oxford and meets Victor Trevor.
Choose your own path and call it good.
And made experiments and plans
: Oi! If you want an answer at all, you’ll play nice.
“Come to see young Watson off, have you?” Mycroft asked. Water stretched, glistening around them, edged by the New Forest. To Sherlock the beauty of the morning seemed ominous of disaster.
Not intermixed and fused,
"I love being with you like this," Sherlock’s lips so close now that it was scarcely speech.
* * * * *
And drank at the Eagle on City Road.
"I beg your pardon?"
? He wouldn't! Vivisection of a living creature?! I've never known him to be purposelessly cruel."
"That's because you're going about it all wr--. You're not considering the full range of methods open to you.
Carefully, she resisted the urge to punch him. "For John, then." She followed him down the corridor and began the most outrageously sarcastic mimicry of flirtation Sherlock had ever seen. He sighed, inwardly. Not an actor, then, Molly.
They laid their cheeks together and began laughing. The smash struck them as extraordinarily funny. Father’s present too! He had given it to Sherlock against his coming of age. Trevor said, "How if we left it and walked?"
"Oh yes, of course, I'm third."
"This security breach is Gregory's doing, I imagine?" Mycroft asked. The security detail surrounded Sherlock where he was crouched on the floor, but they stood slightly back, awaiting further instruction.
Mycroft pursed his lips. "Yes. Yes, indeed. But did he give you specific examples?"
"Yes, but we must go a long way," said Trevor, lighting another cigarette. "We must go where no one can find us. Let's get right outside it ever so far and bathe. I can work as we go along—Oh damnation!"— for there were steps on the stairs. Sinclare knocked and called in, asking for a lift, but Sherlock cursed so volubly that he departed with a few choice words of his own.
Towards the end of term they touched upon a yet more delicate subject. They attended the Dean's translation class, and when one of the men was forging quietly ahead Mr Cornwallis observed in a flat toneless voice: "Omit: a reference to the unspeakable vice of the Greeks." Sherlock observed afterwards that he ought to lose his fellowship for such intellectual cowardice.
"Oh, God." John was crying. Sherlock watched helplessly as tears ran down his beautiful face, guided into rivulets by paths worn of experience. He had a lifetime of things to learn about this man, he thought, and the thought filled him with joy.
“But headmaster says—”
It is braver, I think, to snatch the wolf forth
"I'm all right."
She sighed. "Why can't you do it yourself, Sherlock? I'm busy."
Sherlock paused. Unfortunately, she was quite correct.
Be thankful if in that hour of supreme vision
Sherlock shrugged. "My results speak for themselves."
And met those who transgressed against me
Sherlock returned his embrace even as his bewilderment increased. “Victor,” he said, breaking away, “What—?
“Isn’t so bad...” John repeated.
"Assuming the creature is telling the truth, and isn't just insane or a pathological liar," Anderson smirked.
Or careless of your welfare;
: No, that’s an understatement.
* * * * *
Well, I say to live it out like a god!
"Not quite as anyone expected," said Sherlock, looking at his hands. “Except you, as I recall.”
: ...
As Sherlock watched, its scales crept slowly back into place, skin impenetrable once more.
: Vulgarian!  I’m afraid your Dr. Watson is rubbing off on you.
With plain remonstrance, hiding nor nurturing
To all I met I seemed, no doubt,
Yes, he was in luck, no doubt of it. Watson had proved honest and kind. He was lovely to be with, a treasure, a charmer, a find in a thousand, the longed-for dream. But could it last?
"Where've my clothes gone?" He seemed dazed. "It's so late. I haven’t got a razor even, I didn't reckon staying the night. ... I ought—I got to catch a train at once or the lad’s will be thinking things."
But John grew suddenly fierce. "It rained harder than this in the boathouse. It was colder, too. Why did you not come?"
Sherlock nodded uneasily. "I see. And what did you—? Then you understand—"
Which are my true epitaph, more lasting than stone.
"Thanks, I—. Perhaps I could. You had better write nearer the time." Sherlock cursed himself for a fool.
Three days later, another letter arrived. This one was longer. The blood began pounding over Sherlock’s body as he unfolded it, but his head kept cool, and he managed to read it as a whole, not merely sentence by sentence.
"My darling, I didn't mean to."
And the empty cans and garbage are dumped,
"There's no need for that," he said more quietly.
To revel in the pleasures of their bodies, and I was not,
His secret thoughts were fingers:
And drooped the eye with fear.
Suppose there is nothing but the hive:
They slept separate at first, as if afraid to inconvenience the other, but towards morning a movement began, and they woke deep in each other's arms. "I’d best be going now," John repeated, but Sherlock was resting utterly at last, and murmured "No, no," holding him closer.
"Soda," said Sherlock. It was impossible to stop, for the man was clearly tired and had only invited him out of civility. He drank quickly and returned to his own room, where he provided himself with plenty of tobacco and went into the court again.
"All right."
When I ran the needle in my hand
: I cant. He ll hate me
Sherlock then saw that the tips against the sky had disappeared. "I could have sworn it was here when I brought in your tea, sir. Still, one can never be certain."
Sherlock was silent.
Well, I told them a smooth tongue,
Sherlock strode into his brother's lab, darkened for the night, switching the lights to full brilliance as he went. It was exquisitely equipped, as any workplace occupied by Mycroft Holmes must surely be. State of the art scientific equipment lined the gleaming benches that ran the full length of the spacious room, more specialized and far more modern than any official government lab in the country—perhaps in the world.
"I'm going to walk out with Holmes alone." There were cries of disappointment. The older boys, seeing that it was no good, called the pack off, and marshaled the younger back to class. Sherlock, with ostentatious nonchalance, slouched to Mycroft’s side. He was a slender, pretty lad, gangly and awkwardly tall. In this, too, he resembled his brother, who had passed in the procession almost ten years before, and vanished into university and then to the public service.
"And yet, this gamekeeper…?"
And the trouble we make?
: Grow up and answer the question.
Hands that I helped or hands that helped me?
angry?”
"Yes, of course. I see it clearly."
“Molly: with me,” he ordered, handing her a clipboard list of instructions. The two gathered around the instrument-board and Sherlock explained the changes he had made--and to Molly it was soon evident that they were examining an instrumental control panel more advanced than anything she'd seen -- or even heard of -- before. It was a system which only the virtuoso mind of a Holmes could have devised. The new object-compasses were housed in arenak cases after setting, and the housings were then exhausted to the highest attainable vacuum. Oscillation was set up by means of one carefully standardized electrical impulse. The bearings, fabricated with arenak and telapian metals, were as strong as the axles of a truck yet almost perfectly frictionless.
JANINE HAWKINS
Next week: a difficult parting.
"Pretty slow?" Sherlock hissed. "You don't
Fragrant and white as roses
, I suppose, but our work will be more efficient with your cooperation. Look in this mirror. Just look at yourself! This is you, man! You must believe the evidence of your own --" he winced. Were those even eyes? "You must believe the evidence!"
"I daresay. Lord, what is all this?" he asked.
: fuck
"I know," he said, trembling.
Sherlock, however, was nothing if not persistent. It became a nightly habit for him to break into Mycroft's lab and check on the creature. ("Good practice, too," he told Molly.)
Sherlock sprinted into his lab, a look of absolute determination on his face.
An arm twitched.
"I want to try to maximise your memory via visual stimulation. Try to visualize what you saw. Can you picture it? The street? The cafe? As much detail as you can!"
The reproachful silence of you spoke instead
But already Molly was shaking her head. "Silicon lacks the ability to form chemical bonds with diverse types of atoms, as is necessary for the chemical versatility required for metabolism. It's not a biological possibility, Sherlock."
Should it be celibacy, matrimony or unchastity?
Till I fell with a scream, in flames,
The evil of the world is lighted up and made clear—
: Oh, go away. I have more important things to do.
from me. Don't you understand? Everything.
: John fucked you? When? John doesn’t fuck men.
Taking the man’s part—in trousers and tails.
Then to lie here close by the river over the place
Sherlock had not responded to Victor’s letter, thinking to hurt him the same way he had been hurt. Victor wrote once more, advising him that he had returned to London, and asking him not to visit “until his mind was steadier about it all.” Sherlock, of course, entirely ignored this. He made for the Trevor home at the first possible opportunity.
: Sherlock?
"End of what?"
: What can there possibly be to think about? A simple ‘yes’ or ‘no’ should be easy enough, even for a demonstrable cretin such as yourself.
: Fuck
One day, Sherlock’s diatribe about the political and religious hypocrisy of the academic world, replete with examples deduced from their own dons, brought him perilously close to exposing himself. In anatomizing the secret (“but entirely obvious”) love affair between Seb Wilkes and his day maid, he realized that much of the evidence he cited could apply equally to himself in his intercourse with Trevor. Breathless, he flew on a knife’s edge of fear and exhilaration.
And I turned to the people and poured out my love to them.
Like love itself.
Sherlock felt utter vertigo. He was a child again; he was back in the smoking-room at home with Victor; he was in Mycroft’s study; he was kissing John; he was spinning; his mind was chaos.
Trevor refused; he said, "A movement isn't like a separate piece—you can't repeat it"—an unintelligible excuse, Sherlock thought, but apparently acceptable. He played the Largo instead, which was far from jolly, and then eleven struck and Sinclare poured out some whiskey. He and Trevor were in for the same examination, and talked shop, while Sherlock listened and watched. His shock had never ceased. He saw that Trevor was not only clever, but had a tranquil and orderly brain. He knew what he wanted to read, where he was weak, and how far the officials could help him. He had neither blind faith in tutors and lectures, nor the contempt professed by fellows like Wilkes. "You can always learn something from an older man, even if he hasn't read the latest Germans," he was telling Sinclare. They argued a little about Sophocles, then in low water Trevor said it was a pose in "us undergraduates" to ignore him and advised Sinclare to re-read the Ajax with his eye on the characters rather than the author; he would learn more that way, both about Greek grammar and life.
He was astonished to find Victor Trevor sitting upon his bed, wanting an intimate talk. This might have moved him had it come earlier, but he had been so pained by the inhospitality, he had spent so lonely and so imbecilic a day, that he could respond to the past no longer. He wanted only to be alone. Victor felt the visit had been a failure, but, as he remarked, "Politics can't wait, and you happen to coincide with the rush." Sherlock politely and coldly said that he understood entirely.
After Watson disappeared out the window, Sherlock unlocked the door and dashed back into bed just barely ahead of the approaching valet.
"Don't ask me," said Victor again.
"Oh. Is that all. He told me so himself last week." Their father was an esteemed Old Boy of the College, and the brothers were well used to living in his shadow.
Implora eterna quiete."
"Tell me,” Victor asked, settling into Sherlock’s side, “what made you wake me that night after the Debating Society. Describe."
"It occurs to me that inoson might have other applications as a visualizer if we run it through a series of astron energy protocols. It may be possible to install a very complete fifth-order projector right here in the lab--or rather, on the roof above the lab--that would allow us to scan for energy discrepancies. It would require a very particular lens array..." He broke off, staring into space.
"So you got the wire," he said.
"I've only a few minutes, Victor. I’m not stopping." Sherlock tossed another pebble against the wall.
They flew behind my youthful brow
Luckily, the guard was not a proponent of subtlety, himself.
"Matters are becoming urgent. I’m moving up the vivisection. Proceed with the preparations; you have 48 hours."
MICHAEL STAMFORD
One day in late July, a letter arrived from Victor Trevor. Mycroft handed it to Sherlock with a raised eyebrow and an almost fatherly pang. Sherlock opened it much later that night, privately, and with a sickly feeling of trepidation mixed with joy. He wasn’t sure he could bear another gentle renunciation of what he knew to be real and true between himself and Victor. There was nothing at all personal about the letter, however, just a brief, dry invitation to a weekend party at his family’s home in the country. “Don’t write—just come,” Victor had scrawled across the bottom of the note.
Which I followed as best I could
And abortions are hidden.
Mystery stand before you, revealed, and strike you dead
Mycroft continued, “I told you once, many years ago, that caring is not an advantage for men such as you and I. I told you that we must fight to master our base impulses, and extinguish all thoughts of passionate friendship in order to ensure our safety. I even advised you to shield yourself by taking a wife.”
Sherlock Holmes did not destroy himself that year, but his was a passive sort of preservation of existence. He worked much, ate little, and slept less. Above all, he consumed vast quantities of tobacco and cocaine, with occasional forays into whisky and opium wine when his mind’s excesses grew physically insupportable. It could not be said that he worked at all diligently to stay alive. He hadn't a God, he hadn't a lover—the two usual incentives to virtue. But on he struggled with his back to ease. No reward awaited him. In his work, he practised a severe and self-abnegating discipline which Mycroft Holmes looked upon with initial familiarity and approbation, but as the year advanced, with growing concern. Sherlock grew thin and sallow. His young face looked unnaturally haggard and his eyes took on a feverish, glassy brightness that Mycroft knew to be a harbinger of nothing good.
Whoever thou art who passeth by
Where we spoke French and German, Italian, English.
"Oh."
"What an ending," Sherlock whispered, "what an ending."
: Molly
"Hullo Sherlock, come in. Why this thusness?" he asked, a little annoyed, and not troubling to smile since his face was in shadow. "Good to see you back, hope you're better. Unluckily I'm a bit occupied, but the Russet Room's not. Come in and sleep here as before. So glad to see you."
: WHAT.
The keen exhilaration of soul gymnastics.
: WARN a man before starting in, won’t you?
"Let's sit," said Victor. Sherlock was quite breathless.
"Cracking!" declared Gregory enthusiastically. "That’s as far ahead of Mycroft's model as the aliens are ahead of Wright's first glider."
"Sherlock?"
"Look at you fidget! I'll teach you to fidget." He wasn't angry any more, nor jealous. The British Museum had cured that. This was holiday, London with Sherlock, all troubles over, and he wanted to drowse and waste time, and tease and make love.
: ...
Then Trevor took a great, shuddering breath and stretched up to him, stroked his hair with a shaking hand. They clasped one another; embraced. They were lying breast against breast soon, head was on shoulder. The sensation of Trevor’s warm body against his own was a burning, shameful, joyful thing. They were so close, so close Sherlock could feel his very breath. He closed his eyes. Moved closer. Just as their lips met, someone called "Trevor!" from the court. Both started violently. He answered: he always answered when people called. Immediately, Trevor sprang to the mantelpiece where he leant his head on his arm. Absurd, hateful people came thundering up the stairs. They wanted tea. Sherlock pointed to it, furious, and mutely watched his friend's hurried departure.
That the nature of man is no greater
"No."
"Ah, ah, fine."
Victor said, "I should have gone through life half awake if you'd had the decency to leave me alone. Awake intellectually, yes, and emotionally in a way; but here—" He pointed with his pipe stem to his heart; and both smiled. "Perhaps we woke up one another. I’d like to think that any way."
"I thank you," Mycroft said into the painfully bright light, "and accept your word, on behalf of Earth. If you could inform us as to the technology and procedures used to return John Watson's consciousness to his own body, we shall consider this matter most peaceably and satisfactorily resolved."
"—and I’ll mention John by his name. He’s flesh and blood as well."
about it...?"
I pass the effect of my parents and brother;
To use great feelings and passions of the human family
"Pippa, does Mr Holmes know his room?"
It was no use. In his loneliness, given the possibility—the slightest chance—of being truly seen by another human being, Sherlock was unable to dissemble. People were all around them, but with racing heart and eyes that had gone intensely blue he whispered, "You understand what I am. The way I want you."
Mycroft sighed and glanced at his watch. The project was already running grievously behind schedule. How often, he wondered, would he be called upon to deliver these platitudes? He had known that Lestrade would take some finessing, but had not thought his brother would demand such reassurance. And the Prime Minister would not accept further delays.
Where the soldiers went to empty themselves;
"Not quite as mother and father expected, which is more to the point."
It was not until late in the winter that this ultimately untenable situation came to a head. Victor’s father had taken the entire Trevor family away to Rome for a February holiday, the London winter having been a very severe one. Victor had gone unwillingly, but he invariably complied with his father’s many schemes. Sherlock had known immediately that Victor would go, and he resigned himself to a month of solitude.
"Thirteen and three quarters." It was never good when Mycroft began asking obvious questions.
For my brothers were strong and beautiful,
People are prospering or falling back.
The sea where young Columbus dreamed new worlds,
: Sending now.
: Alright, message received. Take care, John.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned his back on Mycroft. Making what he presumed to be eye contact with the creature, he whispered urgently, "John--listen to me. I will return. Mycroft can eject me now, but no lock in the country can keep me out.
."  Lestrade's frustration was becoming evident, though he strove to bite it back.
It was the work of a few moments to enlist Molly's assistance.
"I'm called Sherlock."
: It appears I have developed a regrettable blind spot when it comes to John.
John groaned softly, and tilted his forehead against Sherlock's. Their breath mingled, and their eyes locked.
Then you have lost your soul.
To your love that saw me still as good
: Tom. John Watson here.
And oblivion the destination.
here?” he asked with sudden alarm. “Has something happened? Is—”
They sat down again on the bench. “I never supposed you to be naturally inclined towards marriage. Your impulses, I suspect, tend the same way as mine. We are alike in so many ways. People like you—people like us—must learn caution if we want to get anywhere in life. We must learn to tame our baser impulses, to keep them always subordinate to our Reason. I have learned to do this. You will, too. Marriage is a matter quite separate. It is a shield. Caring, Sherlock, is not an advantage.”
: I’m game for a repeat, if you are.
"Sherlock--please," she stammered. Even after years of acquaintanceship, he had a way of unnerving her. "I don't know how you've found out, but the project is full-alpha classified. I could lose my job; he made that very clear. Lose my job if I'm lucky! Gaol time, more like, blabbing about state secrets. He'd lock me up in a heartbeat, and throw away the key! I couldn't--"
A year passed and one day they found him dead.
it is!" He held his appendage up to the glass. The skin, previously a flat, matte colour, now shimmered in a constant rhythm. As his body shifted, expanding and contracting with each breath, so did his skin, his -- scales? They grew and deflated, incrementally, with each inhalation and exhalation. The creature was shaking, slightly, and Sherlock wondered suddenly about species variation in physical fear responses.
Observe the clasped hands chiselled over your chest!
Crushing reputations, or bodies, if need be,
with Mr. Trevor." He faltered as he spoke these last words. “You used me ill, sir.”
* * * * *
: Wanting uyo
And the sickening, putrid food;
To get the feeling, which I sometimes lost,
Molly looked at him in surprise. She'd never known him to admit an intellectual failing before.
"Victor, I'm in Hell. Please. I don’t understand."
: You’re an IDOIT FOR TUIRNING HIM DOWN . it’s a fuicking waste is what it is
On Tuesday afternoon, the rain was coming down in typical fashion, tapping on a million roofs and occasionally effecting an entry. It beat down the smoke, and caused the fumes of petrol and the smell of wet clothes to linger mixed on the streets of London. In the great forecourt of the British Museum it could fall uninterruptedly, plumb onto the draggled doves and the helmets of the police. So dark was the afternoon that some of the lights had been turned on inside, and the great building suggested a tomb, miraculously illuminated by spirits of the dead. John arrived first, dressed no longer in corduroys but in a new blue suit and bowler hat—part of his outfit for his coming voyage. He sprang, as he had boasted, of a respectable family—publicans, small tradesmen—and it was only by accident that he had appeared as an untamed son of the woods. Indeed, he liked the woods and the fresh air and water, he liked them better than anything and he liked to protect life, but woods provide no salaries, and young men who want to get on must leave them. He was determined in a blind way to get on now. It was just—this business with Sherlock Holmes had absorbed him, and the servants’ gossip about Sherlock’s dalliance with Victor had hurt and enraged him. He had thought he understood Sherlock—thought they had understood each other—and he was too stubborn a man to let go of a truth once he held it. He tramped over the courtyard, then took the steps in a series of springs; having won the shelter of the portico he stood motionless, except for the flicker of his eyes. These sudden changes of pace were typical of the man, who always advanced as a skirmisher, was always coiled for action. When Sherlock drove up he became half giddy, half furious. Gentlemen he knew, mates he knew; what class of creature was this Holmes who had said, "Call me Sherlock,” all the while loving another man? Raising his chin, he stood defiant.
"Never."
Is the trap of marriage and of children
Now I, an under-tenant of the earth, can see
Whose betrayal of me I had concealed
Meanwhile, in a cell far beneath Diogenes Laboratories, the alien body containing John Watson’s consciousness lay unmoving and unresponsive on a sterile gurney.
And Sherlock made the only answer he could: he took John’s face gently between his hands and kissed him, again and again, until John rose up beneath him and pulled him down into his embrace.
?!" His voice rose steadily until it was almost a bellow. "My life has been
He waved the glass aside. The storm must burst. "But you mustn't talk to me like this," he continued. "It increases my difficulties."
? This is a matter of life and death! What kind of moronic, irresponsible, hare-brained foolery is this?"
And I went to the army in spite of my father,
Anything that had an eye to look into.
"My name's Holmes."
: John? I’m serious. Don’t say things like that about yourself.
Victor disliked the form of the question. "No one. It was a—a sudden change in me. I cannot explain it. When I woke from my fever, I was different." He began to relate his experiences.
“Not in England, that's certain.”
As of the hand that healed it.
Saw a vision, and it was terrible and sublime.
it; you can reverse it.”
But having spoken, he began to contemplate suicide. There was nothing to deter him. He had no initial fear of death, and no sense of a world beyond it, nor did he mind disgracing his family. He knew that loneliness was poisoning him, so that he grew viler as well as more unhappy. Under these circumstances might he not cease? He began to compare ways and means, and would have shot himself but for an unexpected event. This event was the illness and death of his grandfather, which induced a new state of mind. Meanwhile, he had received letters from Victor, polite and distant, they always contained the sentence, "We had better not meet just yet." He grasped the situation now—his friend would do anything for him except be with him; and on these lines he was offered friendship on Victor’s own terms. Sherlock did not cease to love, but his heart had been broken; he never had wild thoughts of winning Victor back. He seemed incapable of feeling hope of any kind. He answered these letters, oddly sincere. He still wrote what was true, and confided that he was unbearably lonely and unhappy, but he wrote without emotion. It was more a tribute to their heroic past, and accepted by Trevor as such. His replies were unemotional also, and it was plain that, however much affection he professed, he no longer cared to penetrate into Sherlock's mind.
She ran for it, and released he flew back up to the Russet Room. It brought home to him the precise facts of the situation, and he was violently sick. He felt better at once, but realized that he must leave Penge. He changed into the serge, packed, and was soon downstairs again with a neat little story.
In Islington first, and later in Hackney,
Epilogue
: Why tom though mikky
"Who were those people with you?" said Sherlock, after a pause.
, Sherlock thought to himself, with an unfamiliar pang of emotion that he identified as concern, but which more truly approached alarm.
SHERLOCK HOLMES (II)
“Yes, yes.” Sherlock’s breath was short. “Of course it’s over. How could I want anyone else, John?”
Mycroft raised an eyebrow. "Don't be ridiculous. There's a vast difference between being 'frightened off,' as you say, and knowing when you are simply wasting effort. As you remember, I tried previously to ... engage ... on more than one occasion, and without meaningful success."
"The one with no fireplace," called Victor. "Show him up." He was seeing off some callers, and had barely glanced at Sherlock since they’d arrived. Sherlock’s heart sank.
I thought over the last mission given me
: Fatty.
The understanding of many personalities,
And just because you loved me no more,
But all because I spoke my mind,
We kiss forever the watchful hands
"I don’t sleep much myself."
John put his hand up to the glass. "I wish you'd been here since the beginning," he replied hoarsely.
Words deserted him immediately; his mind felt expansive and he collapsed at Trevor’s feet, wishing to feel his hands tangled up in his hair.
"I swear it."
"Holmes, have you heard what I was saying?"
"Off to a restaurant. We want you to come round there. Will you?"
"Where is it?" he demanded, grabbing her shoulders and giving her a little shake. "
"It's only my name."
: No worries, no worries.
Miss Trevor passed Sherlock on to the butler. They went up a side staircase.
Nor secret griefs nor grudges.
: Tom…
"But you're coming back in October!"
"Congratulations, I suppose."
So that you feel able at times to hold the world
"I'll lock it." As he did so, the feeling of awkwardness returned. Was this how he kept to his resolutions? And yet, he could not resist the temptation waiting for him in his bed; could not force himself away.
Sherlock scoffed.
: And serves you right.
"It must be a hoax of some kind."
: God. Are you high? I will murder you, Sherlock Holmes.
"That's my idea, sir," came the voice. “I’ve nothing to hold me to England.”
"He'll hear me," Sherlock said grimly. "This must not happen. A sentient creature! My God!"
"I read the Symposium in the vac," he said in a low, urgent voice.
"Sherlock?" Mycroft called after him. "There will be consequences for your actions here tonight."
: I’m home. At my flat.
"Oh let's give over talking. Here—" and he held out his hand. John took it, and they knew at that moment the greatest triumph ordinary man can win. Physical love means reaction, being panic in essence, and Sherlock saw now how natural it was that their primitive abandonment at Penge should have led to peril. They knew too little about each other—and too much. Hence fear. Hence cruelty. And he rejoiced because he had understood John’s fear through his own—glimpsing, not for the first time, the genius who hides in man's tormented soul. Not as a hero, but as a comrade, had he stood up to the bluster, and found childishness behind it, and behind that something else. Presently the other spoke. Spasms of remorse and apology broke him; he was as one who throws off a poison. Then, gathering health, he began to tell his friend everything, everything. No one knew he was in London—Penge thought he was at his father's, his father at Penge—it had been difficult, very. But while he spoke his arm was gaining Sherlock's. They deserved such a caress—the feeling was strange. Words died away, abruptly to recommence.
Without getting kicked—we knew each other.
We took our comfort, John and I together,
But daily life remained a poor business. Sherlock had returned to his family’s estate, a quiet, lonely manor in Somerset that felt less like a home than an exile. His parents barely spoke to him except to express their extreme disappointment in his disgraceful behaviour, about which they seemed unsurprised. Mycroft was by now firmly ensconced in London, and rarely left his Whitehall chambers. He’d not been to Somerset in several years. Sherlock’s days passed in a haze of misery, with books and moody walks his only activities.
They swirled across the bridge and into the road. Sherlock said, "Now we'll go to Hell." The machine was powerful, he reckless naturally. It leapt forward into the fens and the receding dome of die sky. They became a giddy cloud of dust, a stench, and a roar to the world, but the air they breathed was pure, and all the noise they heard was the long drawn cheer of the wind. They cared for no one, they were outside humanity, and death, had it come, would only have continued their pursuit of a retreating horizon. A tower, a town—it had been Godstow—were behind them, in front the same sky, paling at last as though heralding the sea. "Right turn," again, then "left," "right," until all sense of direction was gone. There was a rip, a grate. Sherlock took no notice. A noise arose as of a thousand pebbles being shaken together between his legs. No accident occurred, but the machine came to a standstill among the dark black fields. The song of the lark was heard, the trail of dust began to settle behind them. They were alone.
One time we changed partners,
Sherlock blew out his cheeks, and began picking the flowerets off a tall stalk.
(I saw his purple face for years thereafter.)
"John? Are you... well?" he asked uncertainly. “You sound different.”
"I put it offensively," he went on, "but I must make sure you understand. John slept with me in the Russet Room the last time I was here."
"Fuck off," the creature said. It hadn't moved from where it slumped against the far wall of its cell. It –
the elder invariably took Sherlock out for a walk, preferring to spend as little time as possible in the hallowed halls that had housed so many of his own boyhood indignities. It was usually a pleasant outing. Sherlock was a solemn, solitary child, much given to long stretches of silent contemplation. He was not lonely, he told himself—he simply preferred his own company to anyone else’s. Still, although he had no friends to speak of at school, he was tremendously fond of his brother, who was indeed more like a parent to him than his own well-meaning but distant mother and father. Both Mycroft and Sherlock looked forward to their occasional meetings, though neither would ever admit as much aloud.
Inherited only their residue of power.
John nodded desperately, frantically, eyes still closed. His hands were calloused, strong, but trembling against Sherlock's cheek.
: To use a rather strange metaphor, come to think of it. The predator and prey dynamic is not, in fact, the exemplar I wished to evoke in this exchange, however it
"I can't force you. There's no use in my pretending otherwise. Your technology is far superior to anything I've got access to, and your biology is -- well. You have certain abilities which I do not. I cannot force you," he said again. "But" -- his voice took on a desperate edge -- "you must! You must return to your own body, and get Watson back into his. There's no other option! Not if you want to come out of this adventure alive, at any rate."
"I'm not at all—I want to hear what they're up to."
Sherlock opened his hand. Luminous petals appeared in it. "You care for me a little bit, I do think," he admitted, "but I can't hang all my life on a little bit. You don't. You hang yours on Anne. You don't worry whether your relation with her is platonic or not, you only know it's big enough to hang a life on. I can't hang mine on to the five minutes you spare me from time to time. You'll do anything for me except see me. That's been it for this whole year of Hell. You'll make me free of the house, and take endless bother to marry me off, because that puts me off your hands. You do care a little for me, I know"— for Victor had protested—"but nothing to speak of, and you don't love me. I was yours once till death if you'd cared to keep me, but I'm someone else's now—and he's mine."
: You --. Hang on, I just need to savour this moment for a sec. Wow.
“I can’t. I won’t apologize for—I’m not sorry, Victor. Not for any of it."
*****
"This takes my eye, I must say," Molly exclaimed as she seated herself and swung a large, concave disk in front of her, experimenting with levers and dials. "When you look through this plate, it's better than looking out of a periscope--it subtends more than the angle of vision, so that you can't see anything but out-of-doors--I thought for a second I was going to fall out. What do you call it?"
"Why, they use it to water their beer!"
SHERLOCK HOLMES (I)
"I overslept," called Sherlock contemptuously.
“Please don’t stop playing,” John sighed. “Don’t stop. Feels good.”
"Complete agre—? Did no one think to ask me about my wishes?”
"Molly! You genius!" Sherlock grabbed the woman and kissed her forehead.
In that hope, he was mistaken. Sherlock remained as muddled and confused as he had ever been, and even work became impossible. He resolved to discuss the matter with his brother, whose intelligence and sense he grudgingly respected. Accordingly, he made a reservation at Simpson’s and sent an invitation to an extremely surprised Mycroft Holmes.
And we cheered and cheered the speech and the flag he waved
To be on every side, to be everything, to be nothing long;
John's eyes were still sealed shut, but he let out a shaky laugh. "I don't know. Is it?"
Sherlock gave a cry of pain. It was so unmistakable that Trevor, who was about to close the door between them, said, "I’ll give you some of this, if you like. It helps. It … stops one from feeling quite so much.”
"I can't associate with you in that case," said Victor and bounded off giddily.
"Wilkes is an amusing chap," Trevor continued.
At the grave,
"The problem is, it's not purposeless, is it? There's a wealth of data at our fingertips. I've tried to talk him out of it," she sighed. "So has Lestrade. He won't hear it."
"I see. You've been holding out on me," Sherlock continued. "I wonder why? What on earth could be so confidential that you couldn't even talk to
: Look forget this ok
Good in themselves, but evil toward each other;
Beside him, silently, John Watson’s human body continued its march towards death.
Sherlock and Victor continue a complicated friendship.
And the cruel heat,
: Rather, would you do me the pleasure and the honour?
Molly winced. "He hasn't told me outright. But the preparations are pretty clear, don't you think? I have my suspicions. You must, as well."
You are a woman well endowed,
"Also in town. Also—" here he stopped.
"Close your eyes, John," Sherlock said. "I want to try something, and I need you to concentrate."
"And what about the science of it?" Lestrade asked, desperately playing his last card. "Dr. Hooper says that nine-tenths of it, at least, is scientifically impossible.
"I did not do it alone, by any means. John, even in his current state, was intensely helpful. He is not bright himself, I suppose, but he certainly is a conductor of light.”
"It's jolly for me coming," said Sherlock chokily: the sudden rush of relief made his head swim. “But I scarcely understand. Have you changed your mind? I thought—your father—?”
A small, timid woman hurried over, her expression apprehensive. "Oh, Sherlock!" she said breathlessly. "I wasn't expecting you in tonight."
John was on the ground. He'd apparently been crawling towards the glass partition when he'd lost all strength and collapsed.
And I was nervous and heavy with the child
The Trevors arrived home in early March. London was still unusually frigid.
Without stealing it, why the boy will steal.
"Oh, no."
"Well. You've spoken straight—perhaps some day I shall do the same. I know I'd like to."
That I was not a separate thing from the earth.
It was exhaustive. He spared neither his lover nor himself. When all was detailed and laid out before his brother, the perfection of the night appeared as a transient grossness, and Sherlock felt rather ill.
"Would you want a woman, if you could?" he asked, eyes sharp.
"Please," Sherlock amended. "I'd like to see what they've done to you. It will help me to formulate arguments to my brother on why these barbaric procedures must stop."
Their reasons for life, reasons with me for death;
Victor flushed up again, but said nothing this time. “Well,” he said, “in that case, let’s have a drink and a smoke, and a bit of this cocaine, and go out in the rain. This room is stifling me.”
A flag!
: Why who loves me? Who is this?
"I've just been to see him off—he wasn't there—"
And out I went in the world
They vanished one after another, like candles that the night has extinguished.
"Lust." He said the word out loud, his voice rasping and dry. Lust had been his undoing. He and Victor might have carried on happily for many years had not his desire overwhelmed him. Lust is negligible when absent. But Sherlock had failed to subdue it, and had paid dearly for his failure. He heard Mycroft’s voice speaking to him from long ago: “Not every impulse should be followed, Sherlock.” To avoid a repetition of this unbearable situation, he must, simply, master himself. His mind, ever practical, wasted no time in theological despair, but advanced to the grindstone. He had only to keep away from young men to ensure success. Yes, particularly from any young men to whom he felt drawn or attracted: anyone with admirable qualities. He must associate only with men he did not like, and he must cultivate his dislike into an instinctive contempt: in such a way only could he ensure his safety.
"Damnation, what a night," Watson said. His breath puffed on Sherlock’s cheek, delicate and perfumed with the scent of fruit; it had further to be feared that the young man had stolen an apricot. Scents were everywhere that night, despite the cold, and Sherlock inhaled deeply.
*****
Sherlock was silent. He was desperate to hear what his father had told Mycroft, but his pride would not allow him to answer.
She drew the curtains and hid the sight but not the sound of the rain.
: Water, paracetamol, toast – in that order.
A month in London with Mycroft did nothing to raise his spirits. He was as alone there as he had been in Somerset, and what was worse, he was entirely at loose ends, having—for the first time in his life—no studies to pursue nor occupation of any sort. For the first weeks, he kept to his bedroom and read through Mycroft’s entire library, railing at his tastes and intellectual deficiencies each evening when Mycroft returned home. Mycorft bore this with good grace, hoping his brother would soon settle on a more productive pursuit. In this, however, he was disappointed. Sherlock stagnated; Sherlock sank. Mycroft grew more worried.
Sherlock blinked rapidly, then sunk to the floor, the picture of defeat.
?" Sherlock breathed, utterly stymied. How could anything -- anyone -- not want to look upon such a fascinating collection of oddities and impossibilities? He himself was rapt before it. Imagine -- imagine existing inside such a body!
"All right."
Sixty minutes passed in a heartbeat. Calling for his brother, Mycroft discovered his absence and, at Molly’s insistence, sent a full retrieval team to the coordinates she provided with instructions to return Sherlock and his ‘guest’ to the facility immediately. As much as Mycroft disliked taking orders (and even, truth be told, suggestions), he was a fundamentally pragmatic man. He knew had had no hope of resisting the might of alien technology. He ordered the captive creature be brought up to the surface level, in preparation for making the exchange. It appeared to have lost consciousness several hours ago. Any security risk it represented was more than balanced out by the threat of extra-terrestrial invasion.
: Yeah, of course I do. But I don’t think I’m going to tell you. Ask him yourself.
"My fear—and your trouble has been fear too. I’ve feared the consequences of what I—what I feel for you. And you’ve feared that I feel strongly for Victor, instead of for you.” Sherlock laughed mirthlessly. “Why did you go and say you love me?"
Or else you said: "He is our protector,
"Oh no," remarked Sherlock. "I shall never marry.”
: Oh, grow up.
Soar upward to the sun!
: You’re not “always at Baker Street,” though, are you?
"Have you a drop?" leaped from Sherlock.
"Yes, quite right; I'm a frightful theorist, I know."
"Watson missed his boat?" cried the squire with indignation. "These people are impossible." Then he stopped, faced by the future. "Sherlock, Sherlock," he said with some tenderness. "Sherlock,
"John?" he called. "Hello? It's Sherlock Holmes."
: Oh, fuck me.
The station was five miles on. When they reached it the sun was low, and they were not back in Oxford till after hall. All this last part of the day was perfect. The train, for some unknown reason, was full, and they sat close together, talking quietly under the hubbub, and smiling. When they parted it was in the ordinary way: neither had an impulse to say anything special. The whole day had been ordinary. Yet it had never come before to either of them, nor was it to be repeated.
*****
"I do not. Any further information is far above your pay grade."
He spun on his heel and made for the door.
"Oh, he’s under me."
Sometimes because you were ill;
"I'm afraid I can't do that very well. I’ve a case on just now, coming to a crucial point. I can’t get away."
That left me a lifeless soul.
"Our study—" He was laughing, his expression wild and radiant.
He drained me like a fevered moon
: Or maybe she used 2 I don’t know
Berate me who will—I am content with these words.
"You mean that you and I shan't meet again after now."
"Thank you," Sherlock murmured. Mycroft was looking at him strangely.
Never a part of each other,
The truth of others was untruth to me;
Modeled a face he hated,
My parents thought that I would be
"John calls it a 'visiplate'," Sherlock replied.
And a face I feared to see.
"Did he?" Sherlock asked warily.
"I almost socked him one. Early on. I don't think he realized I could move much. He was talking to me like I was stupid, the arrogant tosser, and I was--I was half out of my mind. I lunged for him, fists out. Missed, though. I can't always judge things right, with my eyes like this. They haven't let me near him since."
"I… I do. I like her. I didn't—don't. I’m not—"
Know all of them.
: Hes really good at it too
: Sally 020 4539 3001
"Play for me," the creature said. "I'd love to hear you, to hear something--human. Please, Sherlock?"
As it were in each other's arms
It is written: "l have a friend,
"Oh, I'm sure that if you reconsider, you'll find that humans are--"
The shelters of friendship knew my cunning
"Stay?" he snarled. "Of all the bloody rubbish I ever heard. Stay on as a servant for the rest of my life?"
HENRY BASKERVILLE
"I can’t. I can’t look at you. Don't make it worse. No—. Let me go."
"Headmaster fears you have the makings of an inveterate sinner; did you know?" Sherlock felt he was meant to laugh at this, but did not take his cue. He rather thought it was the truth.
The secret of the soil—to receive seed.
Sherlock looked away from him as he unbolted the door.
And they all begin to call him a thief,
Victor scarcely knew what to do. At any rate, Sherlock must go—and quietly. Without another word, he left the darkness within for that without: a sleety rain fell as he went to the station, owls hooted, and mist enveloped him. It was so late that the lamps had been extinguished in the suburban roads, and total night without compromise weighed on him
After this crisis Sherlock became a man. Hitherto—if human beings can be estimated—he had not been worth anyone's affection, but ambivalent, confused, dissembling to others, because to himself. Now he had the highest gift to offer. He still suffered, yet a sense of triumph had come elsewhere. Pain had shown him a niche behind the world's judgements, whither he could withdraw. There was still much to learn, and years passed before he explored certain other abysses in his being—horrible enough they were. But he discovered the method and looked no more at scratches in the sand. He had awoken too late for happiness, but not for strength, and could feel an austere joy, as of a warrior who is homeless but stands fully armed.
* * * * *
: That’s not actually what I was suggesting.
Their wild ambitions, and I was not,
: Shut up. Are you asking me out on a date?
Sherlock swallowed, said nothing, and still did not rise.
Molly sighed and turned back to her station. Sherlock was quite correct, of course -- the results were nonsensical in the extreme, and suggested nothing more than the fact that her instrumentation had failed. Still, she knew better than to disturb a Holmes brother in thought.
"Hooper!" he bellowed, planting himself in front of a messy desk in the centre of the workspace.
"Time we talked plans."
: Ah.
Meanwhile, in the innermost private office in the inner sanctum of the laboratory – often simply called "the Club" for its exclusivity and air of luxurious opulence – Mr. Mycroft Holmes and his security chief Gregory Lestrade stared at each other across a massive oak desk. Holmes's voice was cold, his mouth pressed into a thin line.
Sherlock was delighted by this story. "I wish I had been there to witness that," he said sincerely.
"How?"
"What do you see?"
"I prefer to make other arrangements," said Sherlock gently. "You can do anything once you know what it is." He gazed at the grayish light that was becoming yellowish. Nothing surprised him in this talk. What he could not conjecture was its outcome. "We can find work together," he suggested.
Sherlock examined Wilkes's room minutely, and then sat on the table and looked at Trevor. He was a small-boned man with facile manners and a freckled face, which had flushed when Sherlock blundered in. In the college he had a reputation for garrulousness and also for exclusive taste. Almost the only thing Sherlock had heard about him was that he "went out too much," and this meeting in Magdalen rather confirmed it.
"I can't, I've an engagement," said Sherlock, his heart beating violently. A formal Yarders’ dinner party awaited him of the sort that brought work to his nascent consultancy and that he couldn't possibly cut. He had almost forgotten its existence. "I have to leave you now and get changed. But look here: John, be reasonable. Meet me another evening instead—any day."
"Even so." Sherlock took careful notes on his clipboard. "One never knows which piece of data could turn out to be vital."
"Giovanni Lestrade, report to the Experimental Xenophysics Lab. Giovanni to Experimental Xenophysics immediately."
"A thief," "a thief," "a thief," wherever he goes
"These private roads are perhaps a mistake," he was saying. "But as long as the human figure is painted they will be taken. Landscape is the only safe subject—or perhaps something geometric, rhythmical, inhuman absolutely. I wonder whether that is what the Mohammedans were up to and old Moses—I've just thought of this. If you introduce the human figure you at once arouse either disgust or desire. Very faintly sometimes, but it's there. 'Thou shalt not make for thyself any graven image—' because one couldn't possibly make it for all other people too. Sherlock, shall we rewrite history? 'The Aesthetic Philosophy of the Decalogue.' I've always thought it remarkable of God not to have damned you or me in it. I used to put it down to him for righteousness, though now I suspect he was merely ill-informed. Still I might make out a case. Shall I choose it for a Fellowship Dissertation?"
: Sherlock, you need to sort this out with John. I can’t do it for you. Just – get yourself together and deal with it like the rest of us adults.
"You scarcely know her."
"You wanted to get it and you're going to," said Trevor, sporting the door. Sherlock went cold and then crimson. But Trevor's voice, when he next heard it, was ranting previously unsuspected opinions. "You can't expect me to bottle myself up indefinitely. I must let out sometimes."
In the dark wood of Regent’s Park,
An immense silence, as of death, encircled the young man, and as he was going out to meet a contact at Scotland Yard one day it struck him that he really would be better off dead. What was the use of anything? Eating? Working? Playing stupid games with stupider people? That was all he did or had ever done.
"No."
"Oh yes, now I'll give Victor a turn. Goodbye."
Next week: Sherlock meets someone new.
(See the end of the chapter for
"No—no. I hadn't guessed, not so much at least. You're all right, Sherlock." He did not change the subject but developed it into abstract and theoretical terms. "Look at that picture, for instance. I love it because, like the painter himself, I love the subject. I don't judge it with eyes of the normal man. There seem two roads for arriving at Beauty—one is in common, and all the world has reached Michelangelo by it, but the other is private to me and a few more. We come to him by both roads. On the other hand Greuze—his subject matter repels me. I can only get to him down one road. The rest of the world finds two."
"Shall I tell you what it was?"
"Is Mr Trevor back?" he inquired, when the housemaid brought hot water.
Sherlock smiled grimly and crumpled the letter. He was well used to Victor’s prevarication, and had even been half expecting such a letter. But if he was unsurprised by the letter’s contents, they smote at his heart all the same.
? It does to me. Matters quite a lot, in fact."
Lestrade smiled more broadly. "Temper, Sherlock! Do you want me to help you, or not?"
Shoreditch, Camden Town, Stepney, wherever I lived
This last was the outstanding point, surely, yet Sherlock brooded over the letter as a whole. There was evidently some unsavoury gossip around about himself and Victor, but what did it matter now? What did it matter if they had been spied on or gossiped about in the past? He was concerned with the present. Why should Watson have mentioned such gossip? What was he up to? Why had he flung out these words, some kind, some angry, some ominous? When he laid down the letter and took up his pipe, it seemed the sort of letter he might have written himself. Muddle-headed? Well, yes. If so, it was in his own line! He didn't want such a letter, he didn't know what it signified—half a dozen things possibly—but he couldn't well be cold over it. Disregarding, almost, the entire content of the letter, he simply yearned to see John again.
"I hear everything you say," said Sherlock thoughtfully, and continued in exactly the same tone: "Watson, why do you think it's 'natural' to care both for women and men? You wrote so in your letter. It isn't natural for me. I have really got to think that 'natural' only means oneself."
He spoke far more fluently than his level of comfort would have allowed, had he not spent the previous evening carefully selecting and rehearsing his words. Sherlock asked no questions: he only said, "I see, I see, I see," and Mycroft took him at his word. He examined him. The replies were satisfactory. They boy's memory was excellent and—so curious a fabric is the human—his intelligence was likely to surpass Mycroft’s own in maturity, a surface flicker growing to a mighty beacon. In the end he did ask one or two questions about sex, and they were specific and scientific in nature. Mycroft was much pleased.
"John. John." Sherlock kissed bare shoulder, neck, jaw. He was weak after all, and could not make himself stop, not when John’s hands were in his hair, and his body so warmly pliant.
It's the way the people regard the theft of the apple
Mycroft steered him into the path by the water gardens, where he sat down on a bench to listen to him. He lit his pipe, and looked up to the sky. The day was gray and windless, with little distinction between clouds and sun. He was glad he’d thought to bring his umbrella.
The creature's shoulders rose in a strangely human gesture. Familiar, but made strange on the alien body.
"Who made you change?"
And I married him, giving birth to eight children,
"Now for Anne."
"Go off my chair, and I will." Then he began one of the speeches he had prepared. It was scientific and impersonal, as this would wound Sherlock least. "I have become normal—like other men. I don't know how, any more than I know how I was born. It is outside reason, it is against my wish. Ask any questions you like. I shall attempt to answer them, for I couldn't go into details in my letter. But I wrote the letter because it was true."
SEBASTIAN MORAN
"Invent it and starve."
: Hiya, John. It’s Tom.
To glory in the power of it!
Sherlock walked off in disgust. He filled a pipe with the tobacco that he had smoked for the last six years, and watched Romance wither. John was not a hero or god, but a man embedded in society like himself, and this journey to India would make him far happier than life in exile with Sherlock ever could.
Wherever the light of the stars shone through,
Molly and Greg glanced at each other. Molly raised her eyebrows, questioningly.
John started beside him, then bent nearly double in sudden laughter. "Don't you worry—I'd never harm you, you've too much pluck."
! That's the problem. I feel so many different things, strange things, and they're all--off. I can't interpret any part of what this body is telling me, it's wretched, wretched! I don't think I can take much more, Sherlock." He slid down the wall and sat slumped against it. Sherlock took a seat on the floor at the glass, as well.
He went silent, his voice dying away into sadness as though truth had risen to the surface of the water and was unbearable.
Sherlock took a week's holiday in August and reached Penge according to invitation three days before the Park v. Village cricket match. He arrived in an odd and angry mood. He had been thinking over his past with Victor, and reliving each of his dearest memories with the bitter knowledge of their present relations, thinking to eradicate such memories entirely from his mind. It was more difficult than he expected, and that fact made him cross.
"Sherlock dear, I wanted just to show I hadn't forgotten the past. Don't let's mention it ever again, but I wanted to show just this once."
“I daresay. But stay with you and how and where? Surely you see that it’s impossible! Where would we live?"
And served with distinction,
But he day was calling; unhappiness must resume with the sunrise. John rose and dressed. When he reached the window Sherlock called, "John," and he turned as if pulled by a string.
"I say, Trevor—"
"Come in," said a voice. Surprise awaited him—the speaker was a man of his own college, by name of Trevor. Wilkes was no where to be seen.
"Give," he said roughly, and jerked the records from under Trevor's arm. No other conversation passed, but their arms jostled together as they walked, and Sherlock felt the contact fizz over his skin. He’d never felt anything quite like it.
There was no reply.
And in the conflagration of your soul
: OOOHHH, big detective, U work it out
Sherlock was shocked into speechlessness. "Wha—? Who?”
A tragedyh
Trying to turn into jelly.
Sherlock shrugged and slipped off the table. "Have you found that music yet?"
She'd been working on the project around the clock for over a week -- since it had all begun, really--and she was no further ahead than she'd been at the beginning. She was exhausted and intensely frustrated. She had little use for the fraternal idiocy of the Holmes brothers at the best of times, and in this case, it seemed needlessly obstructive to thwart Sherlock any further. He was right. If Mycroft protested, she could legitimately claim innocence. She certainly hadn't called him in, at any rate. She wondered, for a moment, who had.
"Soda or plain?" he asked, yawning.
: John.
"Dear Lord, what technology is this?" Sherlock murmured, but Mycroft shot him a warning look and he subsided.
The blossoms opposite disappeared and reappeared, and again Victor felt that his friend, swaying to and fro in front of them, was essential night. A voice said, "Tell me, shall I tell her this? I'm in love with your gamekeeper"—a remark so unexpected and meaningless to him that he said, "Who?" and blinked stupidly.
Sherlock flipped his switch. The stars flashed in the black void for an instant, then were again shut out.
Without a flicker glow at you:—
"Oh, for God's sake, Sherlock, hold your tongue. If I love anyone, it's Ada." Then seeing what he’d said, he added weakly, "I take her at random as an example."
“Lecky’s
When the appointed day arrived, Sherlock went down to Southampton to see the Normannia off. It was a ridiculous thing to do—useless, undignified, risky, and he had not the least intention of going when he left home. It was an action rooted less in conscious decision than in instinct. When suddenly the hunger that tormented him nightly came into the open and demanded its prey, he forgot everything except John’s face and body, and took the only means of seeing them. He did not want to speak to his lover or to hear his voice or to touch him—all that part was over—only to recapture his image before it vanished for ever. Poor wretched John! Who could blame him, how could he have acted differently? But oh, the wretchedness it was causing them both.
THE HIVE
"I'm not. The dean said I must apologize, and I wouldn't—I won’t. I thought you wouldn't be up, so I didn't care."
"Doesn’t matter. I don’t care, do you? We’ll figure something out. We’ll invent a profession!"
"Absolutely not," he was saying. "I'm leaving at eight o'clock tonight. I have other responsibilities that I can no longer neglect. My advice to you is to do the same. Nothing else!
"What, with the Yard?"
"Yes, awfully serious," remarked Sherlock, and rested his hand on John’s shoulder, so that his fingers touched the back of his neck, doing this merely because he wished to do it, not for another reason. “I thought you were trying to blackmail me, you know,” he murmured.
Sherlock's stomach clenched. He knew his brother would be desperate to analyze a sample of the creature's exterior scales for a variety of scientific and military reasons, and certainly he was trying to obtain such a sample in the most straightforward and logical way, but... he shook his head. It would be an unutterable travesty to destroy the creature, even in an effort to understand it. He had to make Mycroft understand.
fill a gap, sir?” a voice asked from nowhere. Sherlock started. It was the gamekeeper, Watson, peering over his shoulder.
A man must find it where he can.
Still smoking his pipe, Mycroft got up, and choosing a smooth piece of earth nearby drew diagrams upon it with the tip of his umbrella. "Scientific diagrams will make this easier," he said to the boy, who watched in fascination: it bore no relation to his experiences. He was attentive, as was natural when he was the only one in the class, and he knew that the subject was serious and related to his own body. But he could not himself relate it; it fell to pieces as soon as Mycroft put it together, like an impossible sum. In vain he tried. His intelligence would not connect to his inner self. Manhood was stealing on him, as it always must, in a trance. Useless to break in upon that trance. Useless to describe it, however mechanically or sympathetically. The boy assents and is dragged back into sleep, not to be enticed there before his hour. Mycroft, whatever his science, was sympathetic. Indeed he was too sympathetic; he attributed a cultivated understanding to Sherlock, and did not realize that one might grasp every fact on an intellectual level, and still understand nothing whatever.
You never understood,
"Well!" Sherlock said brightly, swiftly changing the subject. "Shall we?"
The sound lowered to more bearable, comprehensible levels.
"Bring forth the bodies," it repeated.
As well as the urge from your spirit's excess—
Anger, discontent and drooping hopes?
See what they chiseled: "Contessa Navigato
"My goodness, if they saw us just now."
Sherlock saw the main flight to the right, and wondered whether he was being slighted. His room was small, furnished cheaply. It had no outlook. As he knelt down to unpack, a feeling of bewilderment came over him, and he determined to depart as early as he could without causing offense. But he had scarcely reached this conclusion when Victor rushed in with the sunlight behind him. "Sherlock, I shall kiss you," he said, and did so.
I served you, friends of Baker Street,
Your soul takes fire,
Gradually, the men became aware that the hum was, in fact, some kind of amplified voice--and that it was speaking to them.
"Termination is not our current objective," Mycoft Holmes interjected smoothly, relenting slightly, "but nor is it outside the bounds of possibility. Such an event would be regrettable, certainly, but it would at least remove all possibility of interference by competing influences."
Thanks for reading, friends! Your encouragement is so appreciated.
And act among them side by side
For his wickedness. And he had no pension,
"I'm borrowing them to play on Sinclare’s pianola."
A moment later, however, Sherlock bounded back into the room, a black case tucked under his arm.
Sherlock stiffened and pulled back, his face falling into a neutral mask. "I'm sure I don't know what you mean."
"Yes, who'd do it any harm? Leave the coats and things inside it. What can it matter?"
Thank you so much for reading along with me this summer! This is likely to be my last entry in the Summer Serials collection, and it's been such a fun and valuable experience for me. Massive thanks to redscudery for organizing and administering and encouraging us all. xoxoxox
Sherlock pressed his own hand to the glass, then rose swiftly and left the lab without so much as a backwards glance.
: Thank you for your prompt assistance, brother mine.
The lights were blindingly bright in the lab, but it took Sherlock a moment to visually locate the creature, crouched in a defensive posture in the back corner of his room.
?" He spat out the last word as if it had a bitter taste. "This situation has the potential to develop into a serious threat to national – to
There is something about Death
The speaker came to life immediately. "Sir?"
: SHERLOCK.
Sherlock coloured. "My parents insisted I learn when I was a boy. I'm sorry, I know it’s silly. I don't know what I was thinking. Never mind." Quickly, he tucked the instrument back into its case and slid it under the lab bench, out of sight.
: Stop thinking and give him a ring. Christ.
"Artifacts belonging to the nation." They paused in the corridor of Roman emperors. "Yes, it's bad weather. There've only been two fine days. And one fine night," he added mischievously, surprising himself.
For I could never make you see
: I’m going to kill him, Greg. I’m going to murder him in cold blood. You’ll have to arrest me, and this is my confession.
"Violin is more my style."
And then Mr. Mycroft Holmes stepped out bravely into the weird, eerie circle of light that shone down blindingly from the otherwise dark night sky.
He took my strength by minutes,
"I know my own mind," said Victor, getting warm and freeing himself from the chair. "I was never like you."
LADY SMALLWOOD
: It’s too much to type.
"Brother, no!" Sherlock muttered under his breath. "You know that we cannot do this. We must above all ensure John's safety! And then, there must be reparations. We must seek justice for the wrongs done against Dr. Watson."
"Trevor—Victor." It seemed as certain that he hadn't as that he had a friend. "Is there some trouble?"
Sherlock reached out and took John's left hand in his own. He drew the hand up to his own face, and placed John's hand against his cheek.
Trevor helped Sherlock pack, and saw him off. He said little, lest he depressed his friend, who was still in the heroics, but he was greatly shaken. He had plunged into the ill-advised affair with Holmes, such as it had been, in a torment of desperation and terror. It was his last term, for his father would certainly not let him stay up a fourth year, which meant that he and Sherlock would never meet in Oxford again. He could not conceive of their meeting anywhere else. He wished that Sherlock had not taken up a such a public line with the Dean, but it was too late now. Perhaps it had been for the best. It could only ever end in disaster, after all, and this was a less disastrous ending than it might have been. Imagine if his father had somehow found them out? He shuddered. And then, too, he had ambitions for his career, and he could see already that Holmes would only hinder them. Returning to his room, he wrote passionate sheets of despair and regret, and sent them off—not without a pang. Sherlock received the letter the next morning. It completed what his brother had begun, and he had his first explosion of rage against the world.
Whose birth I dreaded.
The other instruments were no less noteworthy. Sherlock had adopted the Perkins telephone system, but had improved it until it was scarcely recognizable and had made it capable of almost unlimited range. He had devised full automatic directional controls, and meters and recorders for detection, distance, and angle.
A sound interjected itself unwelcomely between the two men. Mycroft, Sherlock registered. Mycroft clearing his throat.
"Can't come to London again—not before my ship. I’d lose the last of my pay, and the lads would rip me up."
So I learned to talk to men.
"I say, Trevor, have you been all right?"
How men and women
"Good," he said, almost breathless. "That's good."
Be with me in paradise."
: Shit. No.
The creature's scales flared up, mineral red, and he slammed his fist into the impervious glass. Sherlock jumped.
But who should step out but Mr. Moran
: Fine. I’ll have the number traced.
I am out of your way now, brother,
Sherlock's gaze moved rapidly between the two bodies, timing respirations. "Please hurry," he said aloud. "The physiological stresses of cross-species habitation are almost too much -- for both life forms. If they are to live, they must be switched back now."
: I would so love to be of assistance, but I’m afraid I’m quite busy today and simply haven’t the time.
*****
"What did he say?" he asked at last. A long talk threatened, and the boy knew there would be no way to put Mycroft off.
: U don’t know what your missing
"That is not possible."
"I suppose..." she said at last, haltingly and uncertain, "I suppose the existence of this extraordinary creature demands an extraordinary explanation."
"Well sure, but... Twelve years I've worked here, and I've never seen anything like it."
See my tumblr for Thursday teasers and howls of writerly despair (this project gives me feels ok).
The creature's condition was deteriorating rapidly, and he didn't think the steepening rate of decline could be attributed entirely to Mycroft's barbaric procedures. Every time he saw him, the creature's scales seemed duller in appearance, his movements slower, and his voice softer.
: He’s so good
The editor, minister, judge, and all the people—
"Where is Wilkes?"
: Is it?
"Did you ever dream you'd a friend, John?” Sherlock was dreamy, half conscious and half elsewhere. “Nothing else but just 'my friend', he trying to help you and you him. A friend," he repeated, sentimental suddenly. "Someone to last your whole life and you his, belonging to each other, body and soul. I suppose such a thing can't really happen outside sleep."
: John only gieds tp bed with tom
"Yes, a new detective named Lestrade."
Content warning for canon-typical mention of suicidality.
: Shut it. I’m thinking.
