Benny stood as well and took some cash out of his pocket to leave on the table. “Thanks for a great night guys but I’m going to head out too. See you all next practice. Don’t forget about the away game on Saturday.”
it was a phase.
Some photos were blurry, some cut off in strange places, and none of them really had a
“Well why the actual heck didn’t you say something earlier?”
Castiel put his camera back into its case and dug around in the basket before presenting Dean with a sandwich.
Between one moment and the next, Dean found himself thrown. He landed on his back in the pillows, and Cas crawled immediately over him again. He pressed a kiss to his lips, then down his jaw and to that spot on his neck, and a finger, warm and slick, pressed against his opening.
“I was born really early in the morning. It was kinda still nighttime actually.”
Castiel reached for the blanket and pulled it down, so slow the movement was almost reverent. Dean shivered without the blanket, or maybe from the fact that he had just given Cas permission to… basically undress him. To pull away the layers and see the horror with his own two eyes.
Cas leaned towards him, wanting nothing more than to gather him into his arms and
Cas snorted. “How about no.”
Cas let his hands fall to the grass, limp with relief. Dean looked at them, a deep blush obvious on his cheeks, and in one jerky movement, reached out to cover one of Castiel’s hands with his own. He squeezed once, then pulled away, eyes wide like he couldn't believe what he had just done. But it was too late. Cas’s soul was already singing because this was
Cas laughed and snapped a photo of Dean and the outstretched bouquet before taking them and admiring the flowers up close.
Dean pulled back to look Cas in the eye. “Huh?”
Cas quirked an eyebrow at him, picking up his own mug again. If Bal noticed, then he stoically ignored his choice of dishware and drank from the bowl like it was a totally sane thing to do.
The clouds were fluffy. The sky was blue.
be dropped back at the motel. It was rare that he got a second warning, but John didn’t say or do anything more for the last few minutes of the drive.
“I meant this too, you know,” Cas said, letting his arm tip, exposing the little scabs that he no longer bothered to cover by bandaids. They were angry and raised and
“Cas! You look so much better man, what happened? Did Dean play nurse while I was gone?” Sam asked teasingly
“Have you always eaten them like that?”
Dean couldn’t bear the desperate tone in his voice. He straightened and decided he would do whatever it was he needed to so he could get to that concert looking sharp as heck.
The oven timer beeped just as Cas finished washing the last dish, and he pulled out the hot pan, replacing it with a frozen apple pie before shutting the oven again and resetting the timer. He pulled down two plates, two forks, and a large knife to carve the chicken. Dean’s eyes followed the glint of sharp metal like he didn’t trust it, so Cas turned the handle and offered it to him.
The boys fell into a comfortable silence, interrupted only by the occasional grumble about some hard ass professor. Two hours later, their schoolwork for the year had been organized somewhat and they had outlined some tentative plays they wanted to try when the new team was finalized.
“Yeah. That sounds good,” Dean said after a beat. He had no idea what
Dean opened his mouth as if to respond, then shut it again. The warring emotions in his eyes were so clear. Cas wanted so
“What, you’ve got a girl you’re meeting there or something?” Dean teased. Sam nudged his shoulder and smiled shyly.
“Yeah well you know what? I’m not built for research,” Dean shut the book with a thump and let it fall to the bed as he stood.
John roughly dragged a hand over the stubble on his chin and looked down at his bleeding son with frustration. After a beat, he reached a hand down to Dean, who looked at it like it was a bomb.
“That sounds like a plan. I’d hate to get pranked for being late to the haunted house,” Benny admitted.
A strong gust of air made Dean shiver, and he bounced on the balls of his feet, ready to start the run home, when his phone trilled in his pocket. He pulled it out, wondering who would be awake enough to call at 5 in the morning.
but the kid is too responsible to take off without a call or a text.”
“Are you okay?” Cas asked after a beat.
Dean thundered down the field in close pursuit of an opposing player. The man was keeping the ball - very frustratingly - just outside of Dean’s reach. He wove through Inas and Kevin with some quick footwork and kicked hard. The ball sailed through the air and Dean watched as Richard dove for it, catching it with a firm bump against his chest.
This was freedom, to be unbound from the earth, to have no limits on speed, to feel joy so pure and so strong that it wiped the darkness away, at least for a while. Castiel could only be described in that moment as joyful, and if any of the usual locals or tourists had happened to be around to witness his displays of aerial acrobatics, they would have been transfixed as much by the strong wings as by the man himself, totally and completely careless in his flight.
with more awe than he ever had before. How could he have lived his entire life without knowing this beautiful mind?
“I am so sorry,” Cas whispered by his ear. He was grateful to the brothers for saving the world, of course he was, but seeing the magnitude of the sacrifice up close, the whole situation just didn’t sit right with him.
Cas clearly liked the praise though because be dropped his backpack to the ground and enveloped Dean in a bear hug, hoodie and all. Dean cradled him close and inhaled the scent of his detergent, distinctly different from the one he used but incredibly intoxicating nonetheless.
They had just reached the sidewalk, and Dean turned to smile back when a car screeched to a halt on the road.
“Oh my god,” Cas moaned, leaning forward for another bite. Dean let him take it, then scooped up another piece for himself.
James made a small huffing noise.
“Ah and there’s the happy couple,” Gabriel said loudly once they had taken their seats. From the side of the table, Michael threw a mandarin slice at him, which might have been funny except Gabriel crouched and caught it in his mouth.
but Dean found he didn’t have the energy to care. The tylenol was already working wonders, and he was drifting into a loose and warm state, not a care in the world.
Somehow, he ended up at the beach.
And Castiel was holding his hand.
Dean lifted a hand out of the suds and pointed to the cabinet under the sink where he knew there were more towels folded in a neat pile.
The gears seemed to be turning in the man’s brain. His expression shifted from a cold disbelief to something more cruel. Calculating.
some monster ass.
“I like this trench coat” Cas answered almost indignantly.
In the few weeks he had been living with him, Dean had never once felt unsafe.
“Dean,” Bobby said, tone half broken and half admonishing. Dean wanted to curse himself for misinterpreting, for saying the wrong thing. An immediate
“I’ve never done one before,” Dean shrugged. Cas’s eyes widened.
“He let you touch his wings?” Sam answered with another question.
“Dean,” Cas beamed, looking up at him. “I started reading our book. I’ve forgotten how good this one is.” He tucked a thumb inside to mark his place and held up the book so Dean could see the cover.
John sighed again, like the only thing worse than discipline was having to
“See you around Dean,” Charlie waved.
Sam sighed, looking at Dean evenly, trying to read him. He nodded and gently closed his laptop before grabbing his flannel and the room key.
Castiel felt something oddly warm grow in his chest. “You know that was a really smart question, right?”
Next there was Rafael, kneeling in front of what appeared to be a younger version of Hazel. He had his hands cupped round something small, and thick vibrantly coloured wings spread up from his back. Both he and Hazel were dwarfed by them.
“Nah,” he answered, shoving his fists deep into his pockets. Sam opened his mouth, no doubt to pepper him with more questions, when they turned the corner and came upon the most wonderful sight.
He didn’t know where he was going, or what he was trying to do, but he
“Get some sleep Sammy, I’m okay,” Dean dismissed.
“I love all of God’s creatures” he answered in as flat a voice as he could manage. He did a pretty good job considering how his mind was racing.
“Thats not a food, thats a dessert,” Cas protested.
The whole process took maybe 15 minutes, and when the lights clicked on again, Cas had seven film strips hanging from the wires on the wall.
“Will Sam be meeting us there?” Cas asked as he tugged on his shoes.
Two lone stars. Or maybe one of them was a planet.
Fuck this kid wasn’t even an adult yet and so far Cas had seen him drink like he’d been drinking an entire lifetime, fire a gun with incredible ease, fight off a..a monster, and get abandoned
“Where is my brother,” Sam practically snarled.
Dean watched the road move through the front windshield. This wasn’t an apology, but it was as close as John ever got. Dean choked down the part of him that wanted to lash out and tell John that he was wrong, he was worth something. But he knew where that would end, so he plastered on a smile instead.
“It’s not a big deal, Singer. I took my son out for a hunt. What, I’m not allowed to do that?”
The pause lasted for a few charged seconds before Cas leaned forward, dropping Dean unceremoniously onto his back on the bed and following him down to press his weight into him.
“Wanna come over and study?” Benny asked, typing something on his phone with one hand as he shoved in a mouthful of fries with the other.
“See you all at the res?” Cole asked cheekily. “No better way to celebrate a win than with a killer party.”
mentioned watching the sunset, the walk back through the thick greenery felt too much like an ending. Like the clearing was their safe space, some part of the world that was
“Aww shut up man. I’m fine,” Dean rolled his eyes.
was weird. Castiel waded over to the shallow end of the pool where he could stand with his torso out of the water. He tentatively touched the three lines, which looked suspiciously like… a claw mark tattoo. Behind him, Hannah grazed her fingers over his shoulder blade. He twisted to look, and saw a huge black spot, like someone had bounced a basketball on him right there.
“I hope you don’t mind, I went ahead and ordered the usual,” Benny said, sitting down across from Dean once more.
Dean would have happily continued except Hazel ran out of a flower bush and straight into his legs. She gripped them and looked up at Dean and her uncle, who were mostly tangled together.
“You have nothing to apologize for,” Cas said, softly but firmly.
He wanted Cas pressed, hot and wet, right up against him. Hell, he wanted Cas
Dean slowly sunk to the grass. Knees to his chest.
“No. Nope. Not happening,” Dean said, firmly crossing his arms. Even the top of a ladder was much too high off the ground;
You sit perfectly safe on a bench and get a view of the whole entire town. Please?”
“Cas I’d be more than happy to help but I don’t know what the heck I’m doing. I’m still not even sure what happened last night but whatever I did I am very sorry it made you uncomfortable.”
“Do the rest of us have to eat the rabbit food too?” Dean asked, half joking and half longing for some properly fried bacon.
Dean looked at him, wanting to believe the words, wanting so badly it showed plain as daylight on his face. Cas pulled him into a half twisted hug.
Dean wrapped his legs around Cas almost yelped when he started walking. He was dropped unceremoniously onto a huge and ridiculously soft bed. Cas didn’t give him any time to adjust, just crawled right on top of him and started kissing him again.
He turned and disappeared down another hallway, and Castiel was too shocked to follow again.
Dean collected the dishes and placed them in the sink with some water. He knew it was a bad habit to let the dishes pile up but he really hated doing them.
“Shut the hell up Dean,” He said aloud, annoyed with his own brain for twisting things. All those thoughts
“I’ll be okay,” Dean confirmed, because it seemed like Bobby was waiting for it. He watched as the man slid on his boots and opened the door.
A blur of red caught Castiel’s eye and he turned to see Charlie, holding a tray of food and looking lost.
“Yes” Cas breathed out, because anything more complicated would still not properly convey his love.
“Yep,” Dean agreed, because there wasn’t much else to say. Cas was a phenomenal kisser, and even if this was cut short, if he never had a chance to do this again, Dean could live and die by that kiss alone.
Cas paused and swallowed his bite before answering. “I’m finishing my shadow series. Charlie is helping me.”
He shrugged, unwilling to answer with words, but the movement made him wince again. Bobby’s face darkened. His gaze spoke of a clear understanding. Of death.
“No way you’re that simple Cas. Heck, you wear two different shoes.”
Gabriel kneeled in front of his little brother again and opened his arms wide. Castiel rushed forwards, letting himself be completely enveloped in his arms. Gabriel smelled like smoke and sunscreen, and that didn’t make Cas feel one bit better.
From behind them, Someone jumped out and screamed, waving their arms and tossing something that felt like crawling spiders in webs on them.
kid. I’m just Bobby.”
His phone chimed, telling him to take a left turn onto a smooth black paved lane. It took a long thirty seconds of driving before Dean realized he was on Castiel’s driveway. Tall trees were grown like sentinels on either side of the road, and arranged in wild stone enclosures around them were all sorts of plants, dripping with flowers.
Dean took a deep breath and moved to put on a pair of dark blue shorts and his lightest t-shirt. He sat on the edge of his bed and checked his watch.
Their lips met like long lost lovers, tentative, uncertain if this was okay, then ravenous, suddenly unwilling to part for air or hellfire or anything in between.
Beta: the incomparable casuallyneurotic
Castiel led the way back downstairs. They passed a closed door where intricate piano trills were floating out, then exited through the back of the house. Once outside, Castiel closed his eyes and inhaled deeply.
“I’d be very interested in seeing your work environment, sir.”
“No funny business under there boys,” Gabriel warned as he passed them a bowl of popcorn.
Dean pretended to consider the proposal, but he was already all for it. Ice cream over biology readings? That was a
Dean nodded slowly and stood up like an old beaten man. Knowing his track record, Cas wondered vaguely how many injuries he currently had. Dean followed him to his car and shut the door after a long moment of hesitation. He glanced at the seatbelt but didn’t put in on, and Cas didn’t force him. The man looked like he was about to jump out of his skin as it was, he probably didn’t need to feel more chained down.
Dean quirked an eyebrow up at her.
“And you love me for it,” Charlie answered, hopping up to give him a peck on the cheek. Cas flipped the pizza box shut and smiled. When he’d introduced Charlie to his friends back in junior year, he hadn’t expected them to pull her into the group so easily, but they had. Now, nearly four years later, they were inseparable.
Sam took a step back in surprise. “Where did your wings go?”
(See the end of the chapter for
in the mood for word games.
“My brother. Gabriel.”
Cas pulled the crumpled slip from his pocket and let go of Dean’s hand to give it to the worker dressed as a ghost who was comparing times.
“Need any help?” Sam asked, already reaching for the same bowls and spoons that were still on the drying rack from yesterdays breakfast.
There was lust.
Charlie slipped him a relieved smile, probably because he stopped her rant.
“I found him, Gabe.”
“Lets get to Cole’s place. I want a beer before they’re all gone.”
So...this is kinda late. BUT I've been dealing with a lot lately. A lot of big changes, and big life decisions to make. Which...I will make...at some point. This is basically the equivalent of shouting into the void, but if anyone has advice on how to be brave and safely remove yourself from a not great living situation without making it..more not safe, I'd love you even more.
“I am glad you have someone like that in your life”
“Tilt your neck for me love,” he asked in a sickening voice. Cas didn’t move.
He swallowed. Inhaled. Exhaled. Turned.
“The one about the team? Spicy. I foresee a good season.”
“You’re not my boyfriend,” Dean informed him, swaying slightly as he walked.
“Dean!” Cas said with a bright smile when he saw him.
There was Kevin, who had grown a whole foot and put on some serious muscle in the four months of the season. Benny, Cole, Henry, Gordon, who he had watched morph from boys to men. Who he had trained hours with over the past four years. Inas and Edgar, who were impressive during the September tryouts, but who were absolute beasts on the field now. Azazel, who seemed to somehow get faster each day. Richard and Hester, insatiable during training and drills.
“Do you mind telling me what’s going on?” Cas asked gently. He had no idea what to expect with this guy anymore. Did his dad kick him out? Were there more monster attacks? Did it suddenly start raining evil unicorns?
“Thanks Benny.” Dean whispered as he shut the door. The thank you was for too many things to count, but it was mostly because he knew Benny would never mention it again. He would never ask what he had dreamed of, never push him to open up, never treat him like he was made of paper because he really
Okay,
“I don’t know,” Dean said, looking even more distressed at not having answers.
arm. Dean hissed and Cas pulled back like he had been burned.
“It’s the person you’re with. Dating or whatever.”
“Where to first?” Dean asked, leaning down to talk closer to Sam’s ear. The music was
“We’ll cream you next time brother,” Benny promised, clapping a hand over Dean’s sweat soaked shoulder and then wiping it on his shorts in mock disgust.
“Well. Thanks for not letting me bite you then,” Dean jokes.
It was stupid, probably also completely futile, but Cas had taken to leaving a light on, just in case Dean came by. He needed the man to know he was still welcome, that someone was still waiting there with open arms. Their last parting had been a little less than friendly and it still sat heavy as a stone in Castiel’s heart.
wanted nothing to do with him. Possibly because of how Dean had snapped at him yesterday, probably because he had already picked up on the fact that teaching Dean
Cas wanted to calm Dean, but he knew if he laid a hand on his shoulder it would be brushed off. If he tried to kiss him he would be met with a cold distracted stillness.
“Hey boys! I’m Charlie, new to the school paper. I’m doing a piece on the soccer team, mind if I ask you a few questions?” Her words tumbled out in one breath and Dean had to pause to absorb them before answering. Something about this girl made him want to protect her. She was so tiny and full of hope.
Mario Kart. She probably rigged it.”
“No, I don’t think so,” Dean rasped out. He immediately flushed at how broken his voice sounded, but Bobby didn’t shame him for it.
He scooped some roasted potatoes and carrots onto his plate alongside the chicken that Dean had served, and turned around to grab a pair of salad tongs and a glass of water for himself. Dean said nothing as he unscrewed the cap of one bottle and took a long drink.
Cas’s response came just as Dean stepped outside.
“Oh right, you have your last game tomorrow,” Cas answered against his hair.
Castiel turned his back to pour two mugs of tea and almost dropped them when he turned back around. Dean had removed his shirt and was standing there holding it.
“What, can’t a dying man have one last night out?” Dean asked. The joking lilt to his tone did nothing to calm Cas’s instantly racing heart.
He called Crowley and found out through a loud and heavily accented rant that he had been missing for almost three weeks. Crowley had thought he was dead and demanded that Cas give him some sort of notice next time he decided to dip into his vacation time. Cas didn’t have the heart to tell him the truth.
“Cole, I do go on dates you know.”
How the
Cas, for all it was worth, looked completely unfazed. He ordered and paid for two beers and handed one to Dean, who immediately drained most of it.
Dean looked crushed, and Cas knew he had said the wrong thing, but he didn’t know how to fix it now.
“So. I hear you’re coming to dinner with us.”
didn’t want to know them.
“No. Don’t even start. I wanted to make us a nice dinner as a thank you and I burned the bread and now the house doesn’t even smell like brownies anymore, it smells like..burnt bread.”
The word swim had barely left Benny’s mouth when the players all decided that was an excellent idea. The game was immediately abandoned and the group ran for the water. They splashed at one another while Benny and Dean watched the shrieking mass from the shore.
“Who will challenge me?” Hazel asked, eyeing the rest of them.
“I’m cold. Let’s get out,” Dean said, standing and making his way back to the grass. It was another lie, but he couldn’t bear the heat of that gaze any longer. Cas followed with no complaints and rolled onto the soft grass once he was out.
“Sorry Miss, just want to clarify, are you saying the equation is only true from that point forward, or from that point backward?” Dean looked over at the curly haired girl who had spoken. He was confused too, but so confused that he didn’t even understand her question.
As if to prove his point, Cas reached behind himself to try and comb through the backs of his wings. His fingers scrabbled around pathetically, barely coming in contact with the dry new feathers.
scene of a movie.
Hannah’s jaw dropped. She looked entirely betrayed, but Charlie laughed maniacally and darted upstairs for a banana. Hannah took it from her like it was about to explode.
He finished his run and joined coach Mills in the shade of the bleachers. They watched the remaining stragglers together as they waited for Benny to finish and join them as well.
“Be home by midnight,” Benny continued, following Dean into the short hallway.
“Maybe you
The first three times it happened, Dean remained stoic and strong. The fourth time though...his resolve shattered. He sighed and shut his textbook. Homework was less important than whatever was making Sammy give him those puppy dog eyes
“Your brother is really something,” Dean said after an awkwardly silent couple of seconds.
Cas looked over sympathetically.
“Oh. Of course. Obviously. I just meant I’ve never seen you here before and I’m here all the time.”
Over the four month break, he had saved up enough money to be able to keep paying his rent, even if he dropped down to only a few shifts a week. Goodness knows that would be likely. Fourth year forensics would not be easy by any stretch of the imagination, and Dean was not inclined to let his grades slip and risk losing his scholarship.
Cas caught a brief flash of an empty parking lot as he flew straight into Dean’s motel room, confirming that Sam had indeed left.
“But I-”
Castiel kept one eye on the tattoos while he dug for some bandaids. I was silly, but it felt too risky to look away, as if doing so would make them disappear, meaning the worst had happened.
“Dean!” The voice was closer, more desperate.
Without being told, without really thinking what he was doing, he reached out and trailed a finger over one of the few intact feathers. An impossible warmth washed over him.
He got a few hours of blissful dreamless sleep until the nightmares gripped him.
A cheer went up from the stands, and Dean felt childishly triumphant. He wanted to turn around and stick his tongue out at the player who had gotten pulled off the field, but he held back, not wanting to risk getting flagged, or worse, giving his team any ideas about bad sportsmanship.
He had gone home, sat down, and really thought about it. About
It took almost no time for the teams to be split, and there was good mix of new and veteran players on both sides. Dean was sure his team had a fair shot at winning.
Castiel held Dean’s gaze for a moment too long, then shut his eyes and was silent. Between one moment and the next, two enormous black shadows appeared in the space behind Cas. They were such a deep black colour that they seemed to suck light in instead of reflect it.
Dean’s heart clenched. He would fight tooth and nail to keep Sammy out of the life, and if that meant making sure he didn’t see John, then so be it.
John clearly felt guilty about the serious pummeling they had all taken. He piled both boys into the car and declared a road trip vacation to go visit Bobby. Sam had been over the moon, and so had Dean, but he was not so easily fooled. He knew there was a high chance his dad would find a hunt on the way and take a detour, which would turn into another detour, then another, and they would never make it to some time off. They never did.
It took Sam a couple of seconds to respond, time in which Cas nudged Dean in the ribs. Dean nudged him back.
“We have a test on Thursday, and I think it would be helpful if Castiel spent some time catching you up on the material. If you have the room in your schedule, of course,” she added, smiling sweetly to Castiel, who nodded once, slowly. He didn’t exactly look enthusiastic about the idea – not that Dean could blame him. “What do you think of that, Dean?”
“My back, mostly,” Dean answered. He would have liked to brush him off, but he knew Bobby wouldn’t let up until he had the whole story.
“Sam says I’m in love with you” Cas blurted out.
Dean walked over to the middle of the fair with him, then nudged his shoulder just as Sam was nearing the front of the line.
Bobby gave him a small smile, and tugged the door shut behind him.
“Are you good?” John asked, watching Dean wipe the mostly slowed bleeding from his arm onto his dirty shirt.
Cas took him in his mouth, ignoring the sting of Dean hitting the back of his throat and swallowing instead. Dean let out an incredibly hot moan as Cas set a rhythm, and that sound tipped him over the edge. He allowed one hand to slip into his boxers and finally gave himself some relief. The other stroked up Dean’s thigh, occasionally stopping to roll and tug on his balls.
He was still lounging in the shade, looking out at the slowly greening grass of the field, when a dark figure under the bleachers caught his eye. There was only one person he knew of that wore that sort of leather jacket. That was
“You don’t…?”
was left untouched. The horror that flooded his brain was unparalleled. This couldn’t be happening again. Not a-
“I was in no danger Dean, you were,” Cas said softly.
“That’s how it was supposed to go. You were supposed to walk in on a perfectly set table with perfectly unburnt food.”
The halls weren’t very crowded, and Castiel finished up at his locker, looking nervously around for a familiar leather jacket. It was probably useless to have come so early. Dean probably wouldn’t be here so soon. He might not even come at all, if he was hurt so bad.
John creaked open the door to the warehouse, which was filled with rafters and large dusty boxes. Dean tugged his shirt over his nose to try and block out the dust he was inhaling, but it barely did a thing. John silently gestured for Dean to go to the left while he went right. Dean nodded and walked slowly, scanning his surroundings.
There weren’t bears in the city. Even the
Cas turned his head so he could see the book, then wriggled into a more comfortable position over Dean, who had never been more happy to be used as a mattress.
“Well, yeah,” Cas said, giving him a weird look. “If you do it with the lights on then all the photos turn out white.”
Close to
“What exactly happened in Hell?” As soon as the words were out, he wasn’t sure if he really wanted to know the answer.
Cas was a really good dancer.
He couldn’t wait to get home and tell Sammy all about it, even though his little brother was barely two. Even though he hadn’t even completed the hunt yet. Hadn’t technically started.
“Dean?”
They walked in comfortable silence until the school buildings came into view and Dean angled to walk towards his justice studies class.
in it - but one night he found himself sending up a desperate prayer. Not even for Dean’s return…just for his safety. Just for him to be
“Yeah me neither. But I don’t wanna slow down,” Cas admitted against the crook of Dean’s neck. He noticed a dark mark he must have made there earlier that night and kissed the bruise, making Dean shiver against him.
Dean laughed, but it came out more hollow than he had intended. “Gee Cas, thanks. Guess I didn’t spend enough time on my makeup this morning?”
Why was Dean here again? Why did he have a gun? And most importantly, what was that thing? Cas didn’t get a chance to ask any of his questions because in the next moment, the street was swarmed with police vehicles and curious shop owners.
The ride was quick and mostly silent, but then, most of their car rides were. When Gabriel pulled into the school parking lot, noticeably bigger than his middle school lot, Castiel surprised him by leaning over for a hug.
“Great lets go,” Dean interrupted, turning on the car and peeling out of the lot.
Dean stretched out on the couch, groaning, loving the way his joints all popped. He was
Okay so a couple things;
Cas didn’t seem to notice. “You can take the desk. Or the floor. Or the bed and I’ll take the floor. Or we can both sit on the bed. Unless you’re not into that,” Cas blurted, moving to the wall to make room for Dean. His eyes widened.
“Yes. So very much,” Cas answered, punctuating each word with a kiss.
Dean woke again on the floor. The heavy weight on his back was gone, but he had no idea how much time had passed.
There was no doubt about it, he definitely felt something for Cas, but up until now he had just figured they had been in a lot of life or death situations together and that caused him to be overly protective. Now, with the angel spread out beneath him, looking so relaxed he could very well be asleep if angels slept, Dean realized it was something more. He wanted Cas.
Dean drew his hand back as if burned.
He must have actually fallen asleep, because the next thing he was aware of was Sam, gently shaking his shoulder to wake him.
“But I woke you,” Dean protested.
Charlie scoffed. “Your boards all look brand new. I swear, I’m friends with the
At that, Castiel coughed awkwardly, and Gabriel smirked before pulling several pizzas out of a large stone oven.
Cas wondered how he could do that. He still had tattoos on his body, which meant Dean still had bruises – and judging by how dark Castiel’s marks still were, Dean’s had to be painful. The rough movements had to hurt, but Dean didn’t even flinch. And when he caught Castiel touching his ribs in sympathy, his glare hardened a bit more, as if daring him to say a word.
Maybe it was the vulnerability of the night, or maybe it was the raw and honest tone of Dean’s voice, but Cas allowed his wings to slip back into existence, one hovering over Dean and the other extending along the length of the sofa beside Cas.
Cas drove and parked carefully in front of Dean’s building, then held the roses while Dean unlocked the door.
Cas’s stomach swooped in a way it never had before. He didn’t even know it was possible to feel such things for someone unless they were your soulmate. This dude was literally a random
He ate, thinking.
Castiel wanted to kiss each one.
Champions.
Cas laughed. A real loud, proper belly laugh, but Dean didn’t join in so he awkwardly trailed off.
Benny flipped his laptop lid shut and stood from the couch, joints popping. He snatched one of the pillows Dean was leaning on, which earned him a swat, and stretched out onto the floor with the pillow tucked beneath his head. Dean copied the motion, stretching out the full length of the couch.
on his arm. Dean debriefs with Bobby. NOBODY DIES.
evidence of self harm.
Dean gestured to the body with his blade. “Killed it.”
Castiel led the way up a curving staircase and turned into a room with a large open window and a neat bed and table. It was much simpler than Dean had been expecting. There was a desk, a guitar propped on a stand in the corner, a modest dresser, and a door which he assumed led to a bathroom.
“I’m sure. Look, Alfie’s out.” And indeed he was. The kid had tromped down the front steps and was now waving Sam over.
“You heard me. Man’s gotta focus on hunting.”
He slid to the ground in front of the math classroom and pulled out his textbook for some last minute review while he waited. He had spent two whole hours studying last night, but a refresher never hurt anybody.
The door swung in and he crashed inside, looking around frantically for the familiar shape of his soulmate.
Cas dropped his keys on the coffee table and couldn’t help the little cough that escaped. He turned the oven vent on and opened the kitchen window as wide as it would go.
“Cas!” He yelled, raising his arms up.
“Yeah,” Cas managed to choke out. He cleared his throat. “This is not really my scene.”
“Uh, I just spend the whole afternoon with you guys.”
“What happened?” Sam asked as he dug through the cabinets for alcohol and gauze. Dean sighed and held his hands out to his brother so he could clean them. The alcohol stung, but Dean was careful not to react. No point in making Sam worry more.
Balthazar was already up and still laughing. When Hannah came up with a triumphant smirk three seconds later, the three took off, arms windmilling and legs kicking wildly to get them to the other end of the pool.
Dean felt bile rise up in his throat, and probably would have leaned down and thrown up sandwiches and beer, but another heavy arm draped itself possessively around his shoulders.
“Anytime, Dean. You know that.” Sam lightly touched Dean’s shoulder, perhaps the only part of him that wasn’t completely busted, then left the bathroom, clicking the door shut behind him.
“Hey! Woah Cas lets not spill all our bedroom details.” Dean interrupted. Sam shot him a teasing look and Dean glared back. There was no way he would live it down if Sam found out he had been hovering over Cas, massaging his naked upper body as he laid down on his bed.
“We need ice cream too,” Cas informed him, pulling out a tub of vanilla from the freezer across the aisle.
“I brought cookie mix,” Cas said, holding up a pouch that promised chewy chocolate chip cookies.
He stopped to dig out his bag from the growing pile, but once he reached the cool night air, he breathed a sigh of relief. He pulled his phone out of his back pocket and sent a text to Benny telling him he went home. Benny replied almost immediately asking Dean if he felt okay and if he wanted some company back, but Dean assured him he felt fine, just wasn’t into the party mood tonight.
The years passed, and each new tattoo crushed his heart. Squeezed it, shattered it. But he couldn’t seem to stop looking, because despite the pain it caused, it was his only connection to his soulmate.
When Dean didn’t immediately answer, Castiel shuffled closer and saw that Dean was actually struggling to breathe. His hands were fisted tight in his hair and he was rocking back and forth.
When they were done, Cas surprised Dean by tugging on a pair of his sweatpants before crawling into the bed. He looked so different without his usual suit, more vulnerable, touchable.
It was oddly comforting, being warm in bed while the air in his room was on the cooler side. After a few minutes, Dean fumbled for his phone, which happily lit up to display two missed calls from Sam last night. The poor kid had probably called to check how the first game of the season went, and Dean was such a crappy brother that he couldn’t even be bothered to answer a phone call.
“You’re not wandering around in the cold. You’re spending the night with me.”
Dean squinted at him. “Fine, then you go.”
Cas took a moment to really pay attention to his body. He was stiff, like he had slept wrong, but it didn’t really
Cas reached out, seemingly transfixed, and took Dean’s cock in a firm grip. Dean sucked in a breath. The slide was too dry, but it felt too good for him to really care. Cas pumped him slowly, then rubbed the first drop of precum over the head. He must have made some sort of noise because Cas nodded in agreement.
The sheer strength of the angel might have terrified anyone else, but Dean immediately buried his fingers in whatever feathers he could reach and captured Cas’ lips with his own again, tugging him closer.
Cas tipped the bowl a couple degrees to the side, making Dean’s eyes widen.
Once the table was cleared and the dishes were washed, Bobby hopped straight onto the computer and registered them for school; Sam to the local junior high and Dean to the local high school. It would be awkward as hell starting over again in the middle of May, senior year, but starting over is something he had done before. Would probably be doing again, if he was honest with himself.
Later, they would probably have to discuss what happened and figure out why. They would have to dissect what they were to each other afterwards and rewrite the boundaries. They would do all this, but later. For now, Dean wouldn’t budge for all the pie in the world. With the weight of an angel and his wings pressing down on him, he had never felt more safe. There were things to be done, but later.
The next boy in line looked a little bit dazed, mouth hanging slack. He fumbled and tripped over the ball halfway through the course.
Cas heard another gruff voice and a higher muffled mewling sound, like someone had stuffed a kitten in a bag. The door slammed again.
“Yes of course. The cookies won’t be the same if you don’t,” Cas answered, desperately trying to grab the pouch back.
“I’m gonna head out early, see if I can catch him before class starts.”
“Sure thing brother,” Benny ushered them out the door.
16. Ending
Cas felt his eyes widen before he could reign in his reaction and be more respectful. “
They pushed open the creaking door and scanned the room, looking for threats.
Dean immediately thrashed and pulled, but the rope was well and truly twisted, and suddenly he couldn’t breathe because the rope was a belt and the zombie that was now apologetically turning on a small flashlight and untying him was his father.
“Oh really?” Dean asked. “What’s your type?”
Dean flexed his thigh, trying desperately to telepathically tell Cas to
The man held his hands out, as if that would save him. Dean let out a dry laugh. People were idiots. Disposable. Food.
Dean’s jaw clenched and unclenched several times before he answered. “No. No I won’t.”
“Dude, this place is
Even the defeated team didn’t stay deflated for long. It was a well played game, and there’s nothing more satisfying than that.
“Seriously mate? I thought you were dead! I texted you
What did he expect? The whole family seemed like experts at something. It should have come as no surprise that Cas’s photos were sought after and people actually paid money for them. He suddenly was aware how out of his league Cas was.
Dean decided to take a shower and hopefully that would clear his head. The pouding water usually helped to pull the tension from his muscles to calm him down. From the adrenaline of Benny’s outburst. Yes, that’s definitely all he was feeling. Adrenaline.
By the time class ended, he had no idea what was discussed and hadn’t taken a single note. He had been trying to work up the courage to slide the note onto Dean’s desk, because he was
Cas pulled back slowly, languidly, and looked at Dean with glazed heavy eyes. His lips were red and swollen.
“Seriously? Thats…pretty romantic. I didn’t peg you for the romantic type.”
know he needed to find Dean right fucking
The first picture was of Gabriel lounging easily against a tree, but cut precisely into the photo, placed to look like they were part of him, were two massive wings. A dusty grey with gold reflections.
“Haunted house at 7!” Gordon called to their retreating backs.
His heart clenched, steeling itself for a refusal but also hoping that Cas would accept.
Dean pretended to consider this. “If you let me have more than half of the pie then it definitely doesn’t.”
“Tell me, Cas,” Dean managed weakly. His fingers in Castiel’s hair loosened and his hands trailed down the sides of his neck, down to his clothed shoulders. He pawed languidly at Cas’s shirt, and Cas sat up to tear it off, tossing it to the ground. He crouched there in nothing but his boxers, and the faint light from behind him shot his messy hair through with tints of blue. He looked like a greek god. A sculpture. Too perfect to be real.
“You’re like a bloodhound Dean, you can smell grease from a mile away” Sam said with a fond chuckle. He deposited the bags on the kitchen counter and started putting away his haul as Dean dug for a burger.
“Please.”
The walls were not white.
At some point, Bobby turned off the water and patted his arm dry. Dean hung his head down so he wouldn’t have to watch and wouldn’t have to be seen not watching. He could hear the familiar sounds of steri strips being pulled apart, then felt the sharp bite of the needle as Bobby efficiently knitted the yawning edges of his wounds back together. There was a gentle tug on his skin as Bobby taped everything down.
“The man’s gotta learn to hunt. Ain’t no point living your life buried in books when real life is out to get you.”
I’ll go on my own,” Sam said, after it became clear he wouldn’t win this one.
thing I’ve ever done,” she informed them once she could talk again. Charlie was on the floor, gasping for breath from laughing so hard. Cas wasn’t much better off.
The back of a mother, tugging her child, pushing a stroller with one hand, a baby bag half open on her shoulder. She was digging for something inside it while somehow also talking on a cell phone. It was chaotic and busy and Dean wanted to reach through and offer her some help. But it was just a photo of a moment that had already passed.
The shtriga looked hard at him. “I fail to see how that’s relevant.”
“Yes Dean. Do what you have to. I — just having your hands on me allows the grace to connect.”
“What?!” Dean answered, appalled. “That is way to high a price. Fifty and thats the highest I’ll go.”
“What are you doing here?” Cas asked. It was only fair that he reverse the question. Dean hadn’t shown up in years and now here he was, in the middle of nowhere.
“Finally” he agreed.
“Dean!” Cas called to his retreating back.
The tear of the skin was louder than it was during fights, but the blood welled up just as fast.
Maybe it was childish, but there was nobody around to blame him, so Castiel took great care to step on as many crunching leaves as possible. He was making so much noise that he didn’t even notice the big blur of a man coming towards him until he was tackled to the ground.
Dean just shook his head, smiling. How was it even possible for there to exist such an enchanting human being on such a scarred earth?
Once the tub was full, Dean stripped off his clothes and sunk into the heat with a groan. The men of letters weren’t big into interior design, but they sure knew how to make a bathtub. It was deep enough that the water covered his shoulders, long enough that he could stretch out his legs with room, and wide enough that he had to reach his arms out almost all the way before he touched the sides of the tub.
Dean smiled at the neat loopy writing and responded with his short boyish scrawl that he tried not to feel too self conscious about.
Cas nodded, trying to show support even though he didn’t really understand the whole soul-no soul business. Dean pulled the now properly toasted buns out of the oven and assembled the burgers. He laid them neatly on two plates and piled fries all around them before taking them over to the table.
He bottomed out and paused for a moment to let Cas adjust, but Cas pulled away from his mouth with a sound close to a growl.
She caught Cas watching and danced her way over, turning to wriggle her round behind uncomfortably close to Castiel’s face. Gabriel barked out a laugh and tucked a folded bill into the leg of her panties.
“No way, you slept with Gatsby?” Dean asked, mimicking Cas’s shock.
“Is there anything I can do for the feathers?”
“I dare you to gel your hair tomorrow at school.”
‘No seriously. It must have looked worse than it was because I feel totally fine. Sore as heck from running for the past two hours but thats it.”
Write drunk and edit sober? More like write at 3am and wonder what the heck you were thinking when editing later that afternoon.
He had a million and one questions. He wanted to know where Dean has been these last eight and a bit years. He wanted to know more about Dean’s job, and what the hell he meant by saying he was going to die tomorrow, but all thoughts were wiped from his mind because Dean leaned forwards and brushed his lips against Castiel’s cheek so gently it made him shiver.
By the fifth week, his anger had dissipated, and if he looked closely, so had his hurt. Dean hadn’t texted in several days, which wasn’t exactly unlike him, but for some reason, this time Cas was worried.
Dean tossed the ball high into the air and arched back, preparing to serve, when a mop of black hair in the distance caught his eye. Mystery English class guy!
Instead, John removed his foot and crouched. “You still want to go to school?” He asked, voice barely above a whisper.
” John said it the same way you would if your son had an interest in selling heroin or shooting puppies.
“I’m fine.” Dean answered more sternly than was probably necessary, effectively avoiding another conversation with Sam about how he should just let Cas heal him.
It seemed to be half made up of windows, half made up of large rough white and grey stones. Everywhere he looked, there were black accents; the window sills, the roof, the dark wooden door.
“Sure that would be great!”
They walked back together, dropping Charlie off first. They then headed towards Cas’s street. Bal and Hannah stopped in front of Castiel’s front door to wave him off before continuing down the road to their own homes.
“Oh, I was a nightmare probably,” Dean said, thinking of all the times he had angered his dad. It seemed like he was constantly in trouble for one thing or another. “I remember loving to explore. I would come home all muddy from splashing around in streams and crawling under fallen logs with Sam and Adam.”
By the time he had settled, notebook and pencil on the desk, Dean had already been staring for far too long. He had been mesmerized by the boy’s strong jawline, and impossibly dark mop of hair, but now he was fixated on his shoes.
“Yes. Sorry. That is…not what it felt like when I used them. it is a very different feeling.” Cas breathed out.
He stepped out of the steamy bathroom and Dean was waiting with the first aid kit open on the nightstand in their bedroom. The first aid kit, before Dean, had contained four different sizes of bandaids, which Cas had thought was overkill. Now it was full to bursting with who even knows what. Heavy duty scissors, some mean looking curved needles, saline.
“We weren’t-“
Late that morning, Sam knocked on the door and Dean opened it, toothbrush hanging out of his mouth.
out of you, I swear.” Dean didn’t wait for an answer. He turned and plowed his way through another mob of students.
“How are you?” John asked, pulling the car back onto the road as though he was oblivious of Dean’s unspoken question, even though it hung heavy in the air.
The kiss was nothing like the sleepy, drugged one on the sofa. Nothing chaste about it. It was bruising. Hot. Breath mingling and tongues fighting for dominance. For
Castiel followed Dean’s gaze, embarrassed again now that he was no longer in pain.
Three whole, torturously long days since Cas had cut off mid phone call and had promptly gone MIA. Dean told himself over and over that it was fine, that the angel was thousands of years old and could very well fend for himself. He told himself that Cas had probably let his phone die (which had happened before) or had dropped or smashed it (which had also happened before.)
An abnormally fuzzy bumble bee caught Castiel’s attention, which is the only reason Hannah successfully splashed him before he could dodge the spray. Balthazar saw an opening and the two teamed up against him. Castiel dove down to escape the walls of water being propelled his way.
Dean let himself drop down heavily onto the sofa before he pulled out his pocket knife and used it to crack open the beer bottle clenched maybe a little too tightly in his hand. Nobody could blame him if he allowed his stress and frustration to show, mainly because both Sam and Cas were in their rooms, sleeping and resting respectively.
“Hurt me? No — you didn’t Cas. That..felt amazing. God Cas, you’re gorgeous.” Dean flushed, realizing what he had just said. He turned sharply and reached for the water bowl, mostly to get out from under the heat of the sudden and penetrating gaze that was fixed on him.
“I love this song!” Cas exclaimed, lifting his head out of the crook of Dean’s neck. Dean paused and smiled wide when he realized Back in Black was playing. Cas took hold of both his hands and tugged him further into the living room before twirling around and getting himself completely tangled in arms. He bopped to the music and sang the lyrics both horribly and loudly.
Cas stuttered. This was twisted beyond comprehension. He was in a
“Cas I’m so sorry.”
“Morning Dean” Sam said cautiously, jerking his head towards the half full coffee pot. Years of experience had conditioned him to not to let too much of the morning pass without caffeinating Dean properly.
He wanted to crack open his ribcage and rip out his heart, sink his teeth into the deliciously warm flesh and drink. But there were too many layers. Stupid trench coat and shirt.
casuallyneurotic was the brave soul behind the betaing of this work. Go check out their stuff (seriously. Go. It's fricking amazing)
Dean barely made it before he collapsed in front of the toilet and emptied his stomach out in heave after heave.
“I’ll have to meet her when I come home for Christmas. In the meantime, make sure you glove up.”
“Are you excited?”
11. Dean gets snatched by a monster and it’s up to Cas to save him (Cmccle01)
“Cas,” Dean repeated softly. Castiel turned and looked at him like he had just now noticed he wasn’t alone.
Slowly, he pulled his pyjamas off, watching each inch of skin for new tattoos, as he always did. It didn’t take much for an icy dread to wash over him. To numb him from the inside out. His shirt dropped to the floor, and Cas inhaled sharply.
how would you feel?”
“I don’t know how you’re still so lousy at this, mate. It’s
By the time he reached the beach, he had a full bouquet of colourful blooms and interesting leaves. Most of them were probably weeds, but they all looked pretty so he hoped Cas wouldn’t care.
“Ha. Okay Cas, what do you want?”
“Yes chef,” Dean rolled his eyes glumly. Turns out he didn’t have a measuring cup, but they eyeballed it and the consistency of the dough turned out fine. Ten minutes later the cookies had been rolled into balls on the pan and placed in the oven with a timer.
Cas huffed. “No Dean, finish your work first. I will not be the distraction that causes you to fail a course.”
Couldn’t maintain a single conversation with his own
He was a man of action, analytical and restless, and although he knew that the studying came before the job, especially one as specialized as a forensic investigator, it didn’t make the process any less tedious.
Dean’s eyes widened. “Of course I’m interested. But I don’t know, I thought it was like how a painter won’t reveal a masterpiece until it’s finished. I don’t know how art etiquette works.”
“Yeah,” he rasped out. “You’re right.” Because saying so will make it so. “We’ll figure it out eventually.”
and he couldn’t be as careless with it as he normally might have been. Castiel’s heart jolted in his chest, but Dean quickly put his indifferent mask back on. He dragged his test closer to himself and crossed his arms over it, then rested his head heavily on top.
Dean opened it, towel in one hand. It was Cas, looking adorably unsure.
“Well, I’m going to head out then. Call me if you need me” Sam said, giving Dean a pointed look.
“Man I’m so hungry I could eat six pizzas by myself right now,” He said, earning a scoff from Cole.
Dean just watched Cas evenly. His eyes darted between the trees like the thought something might pop out and snatch them.
They broke apart and Cas raised his weight onto his forearms, chest pressed heavily against Deans, legs long and lazy between Dean’s parted ones.
“Is that your car outside Dean? Its one hecking sweet ride.”
Cas replied. Dean let out a breath he didn’t realize he had been holding and sent Cas his address, then unlocked his door with a click.
“Ah. It happens. The guy was a jerk.”
What fourteen year old even talked like that?
“Well its good to see that the prayer lines are still open” Sam said with a slight sarcastic twang.
He was falling for Castiel. He knew he was falling. And how horrifying would that be, in the end? In what world would falling in love
“I am hurt. Truly. You spent so much time with him and didn’t mention me?”
“Do you have any stitching supplies?” Dean asked innocently.
“That’s not what I meant, I-“
“Thanks for letting me help,” Dean said sincerely. He couldn’t remember the last time he had dressed up and handed out candy. Probably never.
“You must have grown again since last season ended. Either that or I’m getting old and shrinking,” she grinned, almost like a challenge.
“Kitchen is downstairs if you get hungry and I’m just down the hall if you need anything else.”
Cas was sitting on his bed wearing nothing but a pair of grey sweatpants. His back was to the door, wings splayed out and twisted awkwardly in front of him. He appeared to be combing through them while also trying to somehow itch the back, not quite reaching.
Dean chewed slowly and swallowed, nodding. Benny squinted at him but didn’t push, which Dean was endlessly thankful for. He really did not deserve such a good friend. Heck, he didn’t deserve any friends, but especially not a guy like Benny.
“Because Dean, you’ve been all bitchy and glazed since Cas dropped off the radar. And also, you haven’t turned the page in the last forty minutes and I know for a fact that not even you read that slowly.” Sam gestured to the thick novel on Rugaru lore Dean was picking his way though.
Castiel shot him a small smile. “What are you studying Dean?” He asked, tipping a bee that had landed on his finger into the cup of a flower.
Cas shrugged against him. “He won’t mind as long as it’s in good hands now.”
Even Charlie let out a horrified gasp at that and threw the nearest pillow at him, which Bal easily caught and threw back.
In the warmth, the sleepless night seemed to finally catch up with Dean and he was hit with a strong wave of exhaustion. Benny sighed.
“Thank you!” Dean yelled back, accepting her little side hug. She slipped off into the crowd, probably to congratulate the rest of the players, and Dean watched her disappear until a black mop of hair caught his eye.
“Yeah, thats more than alright Cas,” Dean breathed out. He fell asleep to the sound of even breathing and fingers dancing rhythmically over his stomach.
“I mapped out the distances from the kills to the owners homes,” Sam started once they reached the car.
Dean looked up at the older man, mouth hanging slightly open, some protest quick and ready on his tongue.
Cas tipped his head to the side questioningly.
“Good morning. I hope you all had a nice weekend, and that you found some time to complete the homework questions. Before we take them up, I’d like to introduce a new student. Dean?” She held a palm out to the leather jacket boy, who gave her a sarcastic little salute.
Michael’s music moved with the audience. It rose and fell, at times bright and easy, at times slow and thick as molasses. He finished with a flourish and rose, bowing to the sound of thundering applause, which didn’t quiet for several minutes. Dean had no idea how much time had passed. He had forgotten everything except the music and so, was startled when Castiel leaned close.
Two more days passed and Cas broke his radio silence and messaged Dean on every number he could think of, asking if everything was okay and when he would be home. That’s all he really wanted, he realized. For Dean to be
Dean interrupted with a noise that wasn’t quite a word. Something strangled in the space between
“Hello,” Dean said, bracing himself for the worst, because who calls at
“Hi?” Dean asked, more than confused as to why his dad was here. John had been pretty clear what he thought about his sons when he walked out. Still, seeing him alive made something loosen in his chest.
Dean tipped his head gently against the cool window and tried to shut everything out.
“Heyyy! You remembered. Was it the name or was it the long thick-“
“I’ll work on it,” He replied after a long beat.
Cas picked up the filthy clothes and stuck them straight into the washing machine on a speed cycle. He shucked off his own jacket and hung it by the door, then turned to the kitchen. His original plan was to make roasted potatoes and some braised chicken for lunch, but that would take at least an hour and Dean looked gaunt and hungry. He pulled a box of Kraft dinner from a cupboard and set the water to boil.
Strangely, Dean’s whole body felt warm. One look at Castiel told him that the angel was also feeling some effect. His eyes had slipped closed and despite the blood tricking out of the large cut and the bruises all over his exposed torso, he looked almost…relaxed.
Dean slowed to a jog, then a walk, then put his hands on his hips and inhaled the sharp morning air. The waves rolled in an out, foamy and loud and uncaring. His head was a mess. A long night full of horrible twisted dreams will do that.
“Ah,” Dean nodded. “I’m usually a coffee at home man but today I felt like getting out early.”
“Cas, RUN,” Dean cried out, hoping wildly that his soulmate wasn’t tied up somewhere. That he
The words might not have hurt so bad if Dean hadn’t already thought them about himself before. They might not have hurt at all if they hadn’t come from the man he had loved and idolized his whole life.
“Really?” Cas breathed out, sounding infinitely relieved. “Thank you Dean. I will be at the Hall around seven thirty, last entry is ten minutes before eight”
Up at the corner of the wall, a curved mirror caught his eye. It’s warped image gave a view down the hallway, and down that hallway was a horribly disfigured…thing. Cas squinted and it turned, looking right at him through the reflection of the mirror. He reeled back. It’s face was half rotted, the bleach white of bone overlaid with peeling strips of flesh.
The dude was
Cas huffed out a laugh. “Good luck with that,” He smirked and stalked off towards his car. Dean stared for a few seconds at his perfectly shaped ass before breaking away and stepping onto the bus.
the only one who can bloody
Dean broke the kiss to come up for a breath and Cas grinned wildly up at him for half a second before curling his fingers into Dean’s hair and dragging him back down.
“Two,” he answered. Normally he had a fairly decent appetite, but he wasn’t quite sure how much he could stomach at the moment. Gabriel chose two pancakes and drowned them in syrup before setting them in front of Cas, who dug right in.
“Come on,” Bobby said, tugging them gently back inside. “You boys must be tired.”
“I have a couple beehives.” He walked down a small path through a thick bush of flowers that opened up to reveal more flowers. In the midst, set on stilts, were four painted wood boxes. Bees were happily trailing to and from the flowers. Some landed on Castiel before continuing on their way.
By the time he stepped out in a pair of dark blue cotton lounge pants and a plain white t-shirt, Cas was in the kitchen, leaning against the counter in black and red flannel pants and a black v-neck.
It had taken a while for his torrent of emotions to settle down yesterday, but when they had,
“Come over for dinner,” Cas said. His tone was firm. It was a question, but he wasn’t really asking.
with him.
“They don’t, but Sammy here has an interest in
Cas stood and held a hand out to Dean, who took it and allowed himself to be led into his room. Cas waited until Dean settled down on his usual side of the bed, then he crawled in behind him and curled himself against Dean’s back, hand going over his waist to pull him closer.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Look. I swear it’s not nearly as sketchy as it sounds. I-“
By late afternoon, Dean was going out of his mind with indecision. He had no idea how to make the situation better, but the thought of losing his angel to something so careless made his heart twist in a weird way.
“Actually he’s gonna come here first if that’s okay. He booked a room in this hotel too.”
vulnerable with him… the fragile hope nearly made his heart shatter. He swiped a thumb through the wetness at Castiel’s tip, then pumped twice, achingly slow.
“Okay don’t go anywhere, I need to shut the front door,” Cas warned him. Yes, he was talking aloud to an unconscious person. Yes that was crazy. Yes he was nervous as fuck.
again.”
No, he would allow his bruises, his stitched cuts, and his cracked rib to heal in their own damn time, and he would remember the pain next time he lifted a hand to hurt the angel.
This is so late and I’m SO sorry. Outlining this fic out has stressed me out a lot, and I finally realized why. I’ve been going through the show and trying to see where I can weave cannon into it and worrying about cannon timeline, and it’s just too much. So from here on out, I will be officially cannon divergent. I don’t mind weaving in particular plot points but I won’t be worrying about keeping it all chronologically the same.
Cas shrugged helplessly and enveloped Dean in a hug. He buried his face in the crook of Dean’s neck, inhaled, and then exhaled slowly. He let out a soft, almost sinful groan.
The skin there was hot, probably flushed and wanting along with the rest of him. Dean smirked against Cas’s lips and pinched a nipple, making Cas yelp in surprise. Dean let a hand slide lower and rest on Cas’s waistband before he broke away, silently asking Cas for permission. Cas breathed hard for a moment, but was saved from answering by Dean’s phone ringing obnoxiously loud, startling both men.
“So I take it you like to read a lot huh?”
“I thought you wanted brownies,” Cas said softly once Dean pulled away.
“Castiel.”
And just like that, his tether to planet Earth was snipped.
They walked, occasionally bumping shoulders to the lot where Cas had parked his car, and Cas clicked open the trunk and spun around with an armful of roses.
The following is, again, a long and angsty chapter that I hope you will enjoy, and I hope I’m slightly less delirious in the next few days and can write another one for you. Love you all, please keep far away from this virus situation because it literally knocks you on your ass and it’s hard as heck to get back up.
“For what?” Cas huffed out against his chest.
Dean had no idea why he was being so helpful to this girl. Usually he tried to finish with reporters as soon as possible. Her face lit up at the invitation and somehow that made it all worth it, even if she would probably pester him with questions later.
The man scoffed. “Thats not a real answer.”
As he dried off and slipped into pyjamas, he planned out the rest of his day. He would get a couple hours of sleep, then he had promised to meet Gabriel for lunch just outside of town. He was genuinely looking forward to catching up with his friend, who somehow always had wild stories to share despite a relatively laid back lifestyle. Gabriel had, thankfully, mellowed out some since his raves and stripper days.
“Maybe you should be,” Dean answered, a small amount of his usual snappiness flooding back into his tone. His eyes flashed defiantly, but Cas knew now that it was just a defence. It was just a mask.
“No Dean sorry, its just. You saw Cas’s wings?”
The hunt had gone sideways pretty much right away. The vampire nest they stormed had just come back from feeding, so they were hopped up on human blood and strong as
Castiel gently took the package back and flipped the page. “The Great Gatsby? This one is about a very rich man and the hollowness of the American dream.”
thing you could possibly do.”
“Dude, are you gay?” sneered a voice from beside the sink. Castiel turned to look at who had asked and was met with a suave looking kid with dark hair and blue eyes.
Cas gave him a sly smile back and gripped his hips, pulling him closer.
Dean let out a laugh but it came out all wrong, which made Cas’s worry flare up even more because
“Fine. It was Ketch.”
“Sorry,” Dean repeated.
Cas noted absently.
“I don’t fucking need
“We’re here, Dean,” his brother whispered. Dean groaned and wiped the sleep from his eyes. His belly grumbled and he put a hand to it, looking at Sam with a lazily entertained look on his face.
Dean looked like he wanted to protest, but there was no arguing with that. He
P.S. I hope nobody felt objectified by this. You are all magnificent creatures and I hope you’re all aware of it.
“Hey,” Dean said cautiously. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he knew he should add a
Hester shook his head. “I’d like to see either of you try.”
Dean pulled back to look at Cas properly, and Cas sighed. He disentangled himself and walked across the room to turn off the lights, then slid under the covers without another word. Dean quickly shucked off his clothes in the dark and changed into pyjamas before joining him.
“Cas..” Dean drawled, a slight warning in his tone.
“Ugh, that was the single most
The man slid the empty glass to Castiel again, who paused before refilling it.
“Dean,” Cas said gently once he had finished talking. He wasn’t quite sure where to go from there, so the lamest thing slipped out of his mouth.
“Yeah, I guess it is, but we all mostly do our own thing. I have very few memories of my father but one thing I do remember is that he always required us to do one creative thing each day. He didn’t really care what it was.”
“Well then,” Gabriel sniffed indignantly. “I’m leaving.” He piled a plate high with pancakes, drowned them in both maple and chocolate syrup, covered the sopping mess with whipped cream, and walked straight out of the kitchen.
and before Dean quite knew what he was doing, he reached out and grabbed Cas’s hand again, threading their fingers together. The beaming smile that Cas shot him was like an incinerating fire, burning up every bit of negativity from his mind and leaving only the sure thought that whatever happened, wherever they ended up from here on out, this was not temporary, and they would be okay.
“Yeah?” He asked, and for the first time, he sounded more tired than sassy. Somehow that made Cas ache.
“I’m batman,” Dean said, striking a pose. He tore the mask of in surprise when it warped his voice, making it sound much lower and sort of like he had been gargling rocks.
“Hi,” Cas said, almost shyly. Dean swallowed. Cas’s hair was sticking up all over. He looked like someone had just had his way with him. Dean inconspicuously moved his book in front of himself, annoyed that of all the times to act like his past hormonal teenage self, his body chose this moment in particular.
“Good morning,” Dean said, trying to suppress a laugh. The kitchen was a wonderland of sliced fruit, bowls of batter, towers of pancakes, and a stack of plates ready to be filled. Gabriel removed a bowl of what appeared to be fresh whipped cream from the standing mixer and laid it by the general food pile.
“Thanks Ben,” Dean mumbled.
Dean nodded and allowed Cas to tug him up and lead him back under the still warm covers. This time, when Cas wrapped himself around him again, he did so maybe a little more tightly.
“-turned out fine. It’s all okay. See? They’re waking up.”
The man nodded, resigned, and Cas could have kicked himself. Of course he would wait, it’s not like he had anywhere else to go.
Dean sat in the same spot the next day, then thoroughly regretted it ten minutes later. His
“I was thinking to go for a quick swim now so theres time to dry off before the sun sets.”
At some point Al had placed a paper bag near his toolbox, and after Dean waved off his latest car, he finally picked it up. It was a large burger, accompanied by curly fries and a drink. He scrubbed his hands of oil in the stained plastic sink that lived in the shop, then dug into his lunch.
“Yeah?” Castiel asked, starting to feel nervous again. He had ended up with science as his homeroom, and he was fairly good at science, but this all felt like new territory.
Everything all at once.
“Thanks, Dean,” Sam said after a long stretch of silence.
“No,” Bobby snarled. “Not while he’s living under my roof. Not after you
He was well aware that he wouldn’t be able to relax, knowing his dad was angry. Adults were endlessly stupid and reckless when they were mad.
“I hope you’re hungry. Everyone else has already eaten and left me,” Gabriel said in a wounded voice.
Cas paused for a second, trying to understand. “The mess being… you?”
“I’ll do it.”
Dean nodded, picking up the coffee and taking a long drink, debating how to ask his next question.
Dean was pulled back from his thoughts when Cas flexed his wings, muscles rippling under the feathers. He pulled the gleaming black twin masses tight against his back and shifted on the bed to face the hunter.
“What is?” Dean asked quietly.
“Yeah Dean I’m fine. Get Cas.”
When the bell over the door rang again, Dean turned to see Cas walk in. He was wearing a chunky grey sweater that nearly swallowed him whole and Dean melted at the sight. Slung around his neck was his camera, and clutched tightly to his chest was his laptop.
“Hey. I don’t think you’re supposed to sleep after a head injury,” Cas said in greeting. Dean’s eyes snapped open and he lifted his head, nodding.
Dean flipped through the package again. “Look man, I’ll be honest with you. I haven’t even heard of most of these. I swear I’ll do my part for the actual project but I’m lost when it comes to picking a book. You just choose whatever you like and we’ll do it. As long as it isn’t a chick flick.”
There was definitely a story behind that steely glare, some wall he had bumped into in the past. Maybe they had been in this situation before, made different choices, had different results. Either way, Cas decided to grant Dean the right to his privacy and didn’t ask for further explanations.
Dean’s hand twitched on the table. He took a deep breath. “Strict,” he said shortly. The word sounded a bit like a slap.
Now that he knew who his soulmate was, the markings were more personal.
At some point, Cas began to sway, and Dean nudged him into a sitting position on the corner of the bed and gently coaxed his wings out until they were spread across the room and draped over the bed and onto the floor.
“Cas what are we doing?” He asked, slightly out of breath.
He felt the blush rise up on his cheeks, but he didn’t look away. He couldn’t, not now that he had put out such a loaded question. He needed to know Cas’s reaction, one way or another.
Dean jogged back into the crush of the team huddle and yelled out random encouragements over the noise.
Bobby froze and pulled back a foot, holding Dean still by his shoulders. He looked at him like he could see right through him and didn’t quite like what he saw. Dean wanted to punch himself for being so dramatic, for giving himself away so easily.
Dammit, he totally forgot about his gym shift today. He looked back to where Cas was sprawled over the rest of the bed, still sleeping deeply. For a wild moment, he debated calling in sick and laying in bed all morning with that glorious body, but the thought of his bottomed out bank account got the best of him and he dragged himself upright.
“That’s not a real answer,” He said once he had swallowed a bite of salad and reigned in his emotions. Dean was a hunter. He would not appreciate the inexplicably protective sentiment Cas couldn’t seem to control.
The man stepped up to his cage and Cas saw with a roil of horror that the man wasn’t carrying a bowl this time. He really shouldn’t have been wishing for a draining, but what was the alternative? A good beating? Rape? Death?
“Dean its okay, whatever happened you’re okay. You’re safe. Please talk to me, I’m right here.” Cas murmured softly. He was holding Dean so tightly it seemed like he was determined to keep him from shaking apart.
“Uh, what was your childhood like?” Castiel blurted.
The walk home was contemplative, and Dean was endlessly grateful when Castiel threaded their fingers together. He pulled him close to whisper.
already and you didn’t answer,” Balthazar said in a rush, toeing off his shoes and walking straight into the kitchen. He didn’t give Cas a chance to explain himself. “Oh. You’ve made coffee. Nevermind. All is forgiven.” He pulled open the dishwasher, grabbed at random, and poured coffee into a bowl.
The boys slowly followed suit and laid some cash on the table before they filtered out of the restaurant, each breaking off in groups of two or three to walk back home.
Dean pulled back from Cas, instantly making him feel cold despite the sweaty heat of the club. Dean looked down at him, almost apologetically. Something in his eyes made him look like a child again, stranded and alone in the middle of a battlefield. He looked even more lost than he had eight years ago when he first stumbled into Castiel’s bar, and the look broke something in Cas’s chest.
I missed you this morning (:
Castiel looked skeptical, but stood carefully and followed Dean to his room, then perched uncomfortably at the foot of his bed.
“What do I do, Gabe?” He asked in a rush, sounding just as broken as he felt.
“Wanna come with us? We’ll make it worth your while,” Precious asked suggestively.
“Oh I wouldn’t dream of it.” Benny grinned, knowing it was an empty threat because Dean would be up and out for a run long before Benny woke.
“For how long Dean?”
Cas dropped his bag onto the floor and Dean followed suit, and there may or may not have been another make out session on Cas’s bed. It may or may not have ended with a slightly too forceful bite to the lip and a subsequent whack with the nearest pillow.
He smiled and dragged himself back in through the window, placed his empty coffee mug in the sink, and grabbed his keys and backpack on his way out the door.
Dean’s own photo was…oddly telling. He was leaning easily in the cushioned swing in the Novak’s backyard, smiling. He remembered that moment exactly. Michael had told a wildly inappropriate joke and Rafael had swatted at him. What definitely hadn’t been there were the wings that were present in the photo. Dean ghosted his fingers over them, soft and brown, with small white spots. He looked…touchable. Somehow vulnerable and in need of protection.
Cas watched, transfixed, as Dean started to read. From this far away, he couldn’t see his eyes skimming the page, but he knew what it said. He could picture where Dean was.
Dean’s heart skipped a beat. He tried not to read to far into the fact that he had hung out with Cas two days in a row, both outside of school.
losing some of its boyishness. Already, he was becoming lankier; limbs a little harder to control. His competitive tousles with Balthazar were enough to cause hints of lean muscle to appear under his pale skin, which is exactly what he was squinting at when a small bruise appeared on his cheekbone.
Dean brushed his teeth and dressed in the bathroom, then made a quick cup of coffee and ate a banana on his walk to the gym. The morning workout class he taught that day was small, but the group was way too energetic and Dean was sweating by the end of it. He wiped down the equipment and ducked back into the main area to meet with a one on one client.
It took Dean a second to absorb them. Charity event. Extra ticket. It wasn’t his thing, at least he didn’t think it was, but he didn’t have the heart to refuse Castiel, especially when he was waiting there in such hopeful silence.
Sam’s muffled laugh came with the sound of pages flipping. Dean rolled his eyes before he realized Sam couldn’t see his reaction.
From the seat beside him, Cas let out a sneeze, which he caught in his elbow. Dean whipped to the side at the noise, which was a mistake. Cas looked… sinful. His hair was ruffled and his eyes were watery from sneezing, which made them look, somehow, even more innocent. Even more blue.
Still, John would pretend Dean didn’t exist. Totally and completely, until one day he’d decide he was over it. He’d break the silence, and things would abruptly return to normal, as if nothing had ever happened.
“Dean are you okay?” Coach Mills asked in a mildly frantic voice. Her hand on his arm was a fraction too tight.
meant. He nodded, and it wasn’t a lie. If he saw John, he definitely would be grabbing Sammy and hightailing it home.
“It got chilly outside,” Cas justified, lifting a sleeve covered hand in defence when he saw Dean staring.
Cas paused, hovering on his knees over Dean. He was unearthly beautiful, flushed and nearly panting, completely naked under him. Dean could have been the inspiration for the Laocoon, he may as well have sat for Michelangelo, for Bernini, for Rodin.
“Sure Dean, although knowing Cole they’ll have gathered enough beer for several parties.”
“Yeah dad, of course. We’re gonna make it run around to confuse and weaken it.”
“Another birthday tradition we have; we always watch a cheesy rom com.”
Also I need to inform all of you out there who burn your marshmallows that you're doing it wrong.
“How are your classes going? I can’t even imagine the workload for forensics.”
Something had to change, because he couldn’t survive this kind of pain much longer.
This is what Castiel saw. He saw the beauty in these slices of time that everyone else breezed past with their eyes closed.
“Because,” James rasped weakly from across the room, “they come back every couple days to drain us again.”
Dean let out a tortured gasp and flung both arms out, hitting the mattress with closed fists.
which made Dean’s heart do weird things.
Dean opened his mouth to say something, then closed it, then opened it again.
But what else could he possibly say that would cut it? Nothing,
“Benny’s asking where we are. I guess some of the guys are already at the bar.”
It was over much too soon, and the mechanical grinding of the ride slowing down also brought the world to a wobbly halt. The brothers stepped out of the berry and Sam immediately tipped over and fell into the grass, laughing.
“Love is sacrifice. It’s a give and take. I understand that you’re not the type of person to kick back when you have the means and knowledge to solve a problem. I appreciate that about you, and if it means I can’t have you here by my side all the time, then so be it.”
in them.
Dean closed his eyes, arm cool and numb under the water. He didn’t want to see this anymore; not the evidence of his actions, not the barely concealed, worried sick look on Bobby’s face. He felt his body sway and leaned more heavily against the counter.
“Shoot.” Cas said suddenly.
“So are you kids hungry? I’m making sandwiches. New recipe. I’ve been experimenting with bagels and pineapple.”
“Please Cas? I just…I really liked touching them.” Dean admitted.
“Dean. I would
“I’m sorry,” Dean started, hoping to ease the punishment that was no doubt coming down the pipeline.
Cas slowly allowed the pieces to come together.
“Your what?”
The name slammed into his mind along with a sudden desperation to get as far away as possible. He thrashed under the angel but Cas only pushed him into the ground harder.
Cas cleared his throat and forced his eyes up to meet Dean’s. “I needed another towel. The shower sprayed onto the floor and there are none left in the other bathroom.”
Cas snorted. “Picasso. And…those guys were legends. Are legends. I guess I sell pieces too, but I doubt I’ll ever be anything like them, Dean.”
The game was hard and fast; the boys were trying to show off their strength by spiking but were too buzzed to aim anywhere decent. Within a few minutes, nobody knew the score and everyone was covered in a fine layer of sand, but they were all laughing too hard to care.
“Let’s go back to bed Dean. We can deal with this in the morning.”
“I wanted to.” Cas answered immediately. He lifted the saucepan by the plastic handle and carried it to the table that Dean hadn’t even noticed was set for two. Cas took the dishtowel that was slung over his shoulder and folded it on the table before setting the pan down.
“Where was Sam?” John asked, too casually.
“You know,” Dean said after a few minutes. “I wanted it, Cas. I did,” Dean mumbled. “I just… freaked out. For no reason.”
“You barely have any gel in!” She said, letting him go.
“We have a while to get this project done, but I’d like to not leave it until the last minute. Are you able to meet once a week to discuss what we read and start compiling points for our essays?”
“Very well actually, I sold a couple pieces to a buyer in Europe just yesterday,” she smiled.
Dean let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. He thought he would never be allowed to touch the wings again after whatever happened last night. He never imagined he would be asked to touch them again.
The monster blitzed past John, who had swung a knife at its neck, and landed heavily behind a still frozen Dean. It barrelled through him, putting all its weight into a solid punch to Dean’s shoulder blade. It sent him flying forward so hard he scraped his entire arm on the trunk of a tree.
any day.
Castiel sighed lightly. Gabriel had driven him to school on the first day every single year so far. He had no intention of breaking that tradition.
Cas shifted, propped his chin against Dean’s sternum, and squinted at him.
“Ugh dude. I think the sand has rinsed off now,” Gordon said to nobody in particular once they resurfaced. His teeth were chattering from the cold of the water.
“Fifty five.”
“Naw I’m fine,” she said quickly. Dean might have believed her except that she couldn’t seem to tear her eyes away from the girl. The brunette gave her a small shy wave and Charlie shifted in her seat.
There was a roar of laughter that could only have come from Benny before three of the guys on Dean’s team tackled him into the sand, rubbing their fists in his hair and teasing him loudly.
Dean reached for his arm but Cas stepped lightly out of reach.
There were people milling around, some sitting in camp chairs waiting for the fire lighting, some sitting on towels, some walking and talking in groups. Most had either pizza or beer in hand.
“Benny!” Dean threw an arm around his friend’s shoulder in greeting. “Its been too long man.”
The word was rock solid and left no room for debate. Instead of relief, Dean felt crushed. He felt like a failure.
Sam shot him a look, but Dean wouldn’t budge.
“Alright alright. Hey text me if you need anything Dean.” She held out her phone with a blank contact sheet and Dean typed in his number before handing it back to her. She send him a message and he felt his phone vibrate in his pocket. Charlie gave him one last smile and faded into the crowd.
What the hell..Dean thought, and allowed himself to be dragged into the horrible singing and dancing. Near the end of the song he whipped out his trusty air guitar and shredded some chords. Cas dissolved into a fit of laughter watching Dean lean back on his knees, completely in the zone.
He relaxed minutely upon seeing Cas, but tensed once more when he saw how low in the sky the sun was.
Dean dropped back down without a second thought, and instantly regretted it when the pain in his ribs squeezed all the air out of his lungs.
The inside of the place was fairly packed. Sleazy music with a heavy beat filtered through huge speakers in the corners of the room, and bodies writhed on the dance floor, some just bopping along to the music, a couple properly dancing, most just grinding shamelessly.
“No coach. See you Thursday,” Dean waved as he and Benny began a slow walk to the change rooms. It would still likely be full of guys waiting for their turn in the shower, no point rushing.
The boy looked down, as if he had forgotten what he was wearing. The simple action made something in Dean’s chest squirm.
“What are you talking about?” Dean asked, instantly harsh and hostile.
On a completely different note, the job switch has been interesting. I can't remember if I said anything about it already but I'm working as a prison nurse now, which has been
What he did not recognize were the two dark wings, torn and mangled, hanging limp from Cas’s back and trailing onto the floor to soak up the blood pooled there. Cas’s hands were dangling down, trapped in what must have been angelic handcuffs.
He wanted to say something clever, to thank Castiel in some poetic way, but he was saved by the appearance of Gabriel, carrying a tray of complicated looking sandwiches.
“Fine. Have it your way,” Charlie said, in a tone that clearly said this wasn’t over. “Let’s do something else.” She clicked off the TV and turned to Balthazar with a suggestive raise of her eyebrow.
“You want to see my wings again? Why.” Cas asked, suspicious of the direct topic change.
Balthazar laid down at the top of the slide flat on his back, plastered his arms to his sides, then wriggled a bit until he caught momentum and splashed neatly into the water. Hannah clapped and Castiel whooped, but it was half distracted because they were already racing to the steps.
When Cas came back into the room some time later, Dean didn’t even hear him until he walked over and touched his shoulder. He turned to look at the man he called his
“Cas, what is that?” Balthazar asked, pointing to his back and sounding very concerned. Castiel twisted, trying to see what Balthazar was talking about. He caught the flash of a black line across his lower back, which was weird because where could he have gotten
Guysssss this is so late and I sincerely apologize. If you'd like a reason to ridicule me I just gave my kitten a bath and she was Not A Fan and I'm covered head to toe in water as I post this. (She is also glaring while curled in a tiny ball so If the next chapter is also horribly late you know she has eaten me)
“Hey. There’s speed, and then there’s lightspeed,” Sam defended himself.
Dean let out a startled cough and felt his face go several shades darker.
Dean piled the supplies on a chair near the bed, and turned the lights on, flooding the room in a soft glow. He turned to Cas expectantly.
Dean was spun out of Cas’s arms and the small group rearranged, moving along to the beat of the song. Dean chose not to comment on how awkwardly Cole was dancing. If it weren’t for Cas he knew he would be hopeless too.
“Good huh? I’m not a profession chef for nothing baby” Gabriel bragged, taking a bite out of his own sandwich.
“You mean they’re gone at work?” Dean asked curiously.
“Magic hands.”
“Mmmm” Cas smirked, debating. “I think you should kiss me until I can’t breathe anymore,”
Hannah raised an eyebrow at him, but she must have mostly believed Cas’s ready explanation because she didn’t push for more. They stopped outside Cas’s classroom.
He creaked open the oven and found a cooled plate of heart shaped pancakes. He set them on the table with an amused smirk. He had completely forgotten that today was Valentine’s day.
Castiel, in the brief moment when Dean had let himself hope, had felt like his escape. Like his ticket out.
“Woah! Sorry, I didn’t realize I’d be interrupting something!” He said, sounding more amused than apologetic.
“You’ve got someone watching from behind. Kinda blonde. Kinda tall. Very low v-neck and a blazer. Friend or foe?” Dean asked.
“A little, yeah,” Dean said. Cas crawled closer and sat beside him, leaning against his arm.
There was clearly no changing his stubborn mind, so Cas swallowed, and did perhaps the hardest thing he had ever had to do. He nodded curtly, and pulled Dean in for a tight hug.
Cas sighed heavily, knowing there was nothing he could do but try to calm himself down and wait. He would meet them eventually; no amount of raging, crying, desperately hoping, or searching would make the day come any faster. He would know - he had tried
Jaw clenched, eyes burning kind of anger. John didn’t stay long enough to face it.
“Come on, let’s get ready for bed,” Gabriel said, standing and lifting Cas with him. Castiel didn’t protest, even though the sun was still out and it was
“Okay okay, truce!” Balthazar begged, raising his arms above his head to prove he wasn’t about to double cross them. Castiel and Hannah both followed suit, and they lingered like that for a minute in the warm sunshine, all three of their chests heaving.
Dean grinned. “Yes I do want.”
Dean scrambled up again, ignoring the pinching lines of electricity firing down the backs of his legs.
“A beer please.”
Dean brought the mug up to his lips and quirked an eyebrow up at Sam.
He dropped a bag of burgers on the table, and unwrapped one before sitting down, eyeing the men curiously.
It took a couple of minutes to come to a boil, and Cas let the mixture bubble for a minute longer just for good measure. He was not stalling. Nope. Definitely not putting off having to go into the bathroom and care for that bleeding stubborn gorgeous creature in there.
“No? Cuz to me it looked like you were fucking holding hands with a fucking
Dean raised an eyebrow at him, then looked down at the hand, then back up at him. Cas blushed darker and let his hand drop back to his side.
when THERE.
Cas crouched to pick them up, ignoring his aching leg muscles, and when he stood he found himself chest to chest with a man that was somehow bigger and burlier than he was.
Dean reached into his pocket and tossed the lighter down to Sam, who caught it, flicked it on and pressed it to the Rougarou’s starched suit so quickly he didn’t even react before his entire body was engulfed in flames. He pushed Sam away and the gun clattered to the ground as he tried desperately to pat out the fire. It was no use. With a horrible screeching sound, the Rougarou melted away, leaving nothing at all behind.
Dean nodded, because his throat was suddenly too thick for words.
The teacher prattled on about some math concept Dean didn’t have a single hope of understanding. He didn’t even bother listening. Instead, he just let his mind wander, dangerous as that usually was.  It usually turned into a self depreciating spiral, but Dean was pretty sure he couldn’t feel worse than he already did.
“Dean... who is that?” Bobby asked slowly, as if he was afraid of the answer. Beneath him, Castiel stirred and Dean felt the exact moment he woke because he stiffened, then bolted straight up, knocking Dean back into the cushions.
Castiel sat up in the bed and with a tentative roll of his shoulders, he slipped his wings away.
“Woah language,” Rafael interrupted, gesturing at Hazel who was completely oblivious, reaching for the chicken nuggets. Anna absentmindedly moved her lemonade out of range of her flailing arms and brought the bowl closer to her.
would fix this. Nothing Gabriel could say would take those marks away, make his skin smooth and pale again. Nothing at all until the bumps, bruises, cuts,
“The hell?” he muttered quietly.
“Dean,” Cas scoffed, mildly annoyed at his own inability to communicate. “That wasn’t at all what I meant. Come home with me. Have dinner with me. You at least owe me that.”
Gabriel was, without a doubt, the best big brother any kid could ask for. He went all out, even though it was just a regular Saturday. Even though it would be just Castiel and Hannah and Balthazar playing in the pool, something they had done millions of times already.
Beside him, Cas got very quiet, but the rest of the brothers all nodded in agreement. It took a bit of shuffling while everyone put on their sweaters and Raphael returned empty-handed from the kitchen, but they all eventually made it outside. Hazel, bundled in a sparkly white puffer jacket, ran straight into the garden, yelling something about picking a flower for grandma.
Cas looked like he had something to say, but just then a small child tore out of the haunted house yelling with glee and waving around the Batman mask. He made a beeline for a woman that must have been his mother and was bouncing with excitement as he put the mask on and spoke, then burst into a fresh round of laughter, which was warped strangely through the mask’s voice box.
“Anytime Cas” Dean answered automatically, ignoring the pang in his gut that may have been from his cracked ribs but was more likely the cause of knowing he may never see those wings again. There was no reason for it anymore.
Dean would have been convinced that Cas was fine with that except the crack in his voice gave him away. He pulled Cas in for a tight hug.
“Ohhhh a young one.” Raul said, eyes gleaming with excitement.
“I don’t really know. I was just driving.”
“Who was he?”
“Yes. I literally just said that. Is that some taboo thing or something?”
Dean stood and carefully navigated his way around the various bottles Cas had opened. The strips were all in the negative, but Dean looked closely at them anyways. They were fragments of the world, as seen through Cas’s eyes.
“Who said anything about sex?” Cas asked mildly. “I mean maybe eventually, but tonight I’d just like to hold you. If thats alright,” Cas added after a pause.
“I’m sorry, boys.”
“Yeah it will be. It’s gonna be good. We deserve a break.” John said it with a barely masked longing, and despite how upset he was for his dad’s recklessness, Dean felt bad for the man. He wished his dad could slow down and live for a minute. His wild appetite for revenge was insatiable, and although his main hunt was the yellow eyed demon that killed his wife thirteen years ago, he took his boundless anger out on any supernatural creature he encountered along the way.
“You can take that shower you know,” Cas said. Dean looked relieved at having some instructions to follow. He readjusted his duffle and ducked into the bathroom. A minute later, Cas heard the shower going.
Somehow, they managed to exit the ride enclosure and collapse onto a free bench for a few minutes until the world came back into focus. Dean looked around. There was a large ring of games surrounding a cluster of rides, the ferris wheel in the middle. He spotted an ice cream booth and nudged Sam, pointing with his chin in that direction.
“How was your first day?” Dean asked though a mouthful of pasta.
He tossed his uniform and cleats into his gym bag, along with a clean change of clothes and a towel. After a moment of debate, he shoved in his volleyball as well, thinking that if all the campfire wood was collected by the time he got to the beach, then maybe the boys would be up for a quick game.
Dean shrugged off his bag and let it drop to the ground. He tipped to the side and leaned heavily against the bars on the underside of the bleachers.
Dean snorted, wiping the droplets from his eyes as Cas came up spluttering. “For a guy who
It was only a moment, but Dean knew he would forever be jerking off to images of that dark trail of hair, those rippling muscular thighs, that soft thick-
dressed up as Twilight Sparkle.”
“Oh.” Cas said, sounding somewhat confused. He took an audible breath as if he was steeling himself for something difficult.
was. He had made it clear earlier too, but Cas was too blind to see it.
“Its hot! You literally just watched me take it off the stove”
“I’m just up the road. Sorry, we’ll have to walk.”
“It’s not my fault you always seem to show up covered in blood and dirt.” Cas had meant it as a joke, but the words kind of fell flat and Dean didn’t smile.
The second half began with Hester sending the ball sailing straight for Dean. He caught it with the side of his foot and ran with it towards the goalposts. He searched the field for openings, mapping where his team was and where his opponents were and which play he could use. He saw the perfect opportunity and prepared to kick the ball to Richard, when a blur of red slammed into him from the side.
Castiel did not, in fact, have much experience with that. He never got to know his mom, or his dad. Just Gabriel, and aunt Amara, who popped in every year or so. They barely ever had dark marks.
you’re not like that. I
“Sam and Eileen went out.”
“We gotta disinfect it first,” Dean said, much too calmly for someone who was currently digging glass out of his own arm.
Right about now, he would normally be picking up roses and maybe also some chocolate or a stuffed animal, but somehow roses and a stuffed bear didn’t feel like an appropriate thing to woo Cas with.
“I hate Mondays.”
how that was supposed to come out.
“Of course, Sammy,” John answered with a bright, genuine smile. “Probably two or three weeks. You can even go to school if you want.”
Don’t move? He had to before he lost his flimsy control again. He didn’t know what had happened but the desire to drink his boyfriend’s blood could NOT be normal. He had to get away now before he did something exceptionally stupid.
They stumbled into the bedroom, and somewhere along the way, Dean lost his shirt and Cas lost his jeans and a sock. Cas pushed Dean backwards into the pillows and Dean parted his knees, making a space where Cas fit perfectly.
“I was driving home. I saw the car pulled over and thought you needed help.”
Dean smirked at him. “Never thought you’d be encouraging me to do drugs, sir.”
Dean wrapped the sandwich in some foil to eat when he got hungry, and walked dutifully towards his law class.
entailed, because all his previous flings had been quick. The length of only a day or two. Mere distractions. Times when he’d flirted and sweet-talked a girl into taking a stroll with him by the riverside. Into burgers at the diner. Mostly just to prove to himself that he
“Oh right. Well we’d better fix that then,” Gabriel said quickly. He wheeled over a little wood and iron cart cluttered with various alcohols and pulled a cocktail shaker out of a nearby cabinet.
“Yep.” Dean patted his pocket where Cas knew he had stashed a mean looking knife.
His hands had aimlessly drifted towards the base of Cas’s wings and were massaging slowly and gently when they suddenly came away wet and Cas let out a startled gasp.
“Cas..” Dean trailed off. He coughed, trying to make his voice sound stronger than it felt. “Cas I know you’re an angel. I’m aware of it and not only does it not bother me, I find it very fricking cool. If I had known seeing your wings wouldn’t freak you out or melt my brain, I would have asked to see them a long time ago.”
“And finally, you distracted me the entire class!”
“He’s
fast?” Dean teased, also reaching out to hold it. Sam only had time to nod back before the ride started, spinning all the berries in a gentle circle. Dean gripped the wheel and twisted, making their berry turn on itself. Sam helped, and soon they were whipping in their own orbit so quickly everything on the outside was a blur. Sam might have been laughing – hell,
“You can Cas,” Dean interrupted, suddenly desperate to prove that he wasn’t a wimp. Desperate to keep Cas by his side just a little longer, even if it would mean pain.
He didn’t know what string of fate kept bringing them together, didn’t even know if he really believed in that sort of thing. But he knew for sure that he didn’t regret one second of it. He was glad for any time he had spent in Dean’s presence, and he couldn’t help but feel somewhat protective of him for it. Except it stretched further than protectiveness.
thing he could have possibly said. Cas only hummed.
“No buddy, of course not.”
“Okay okay sixty.”
Dean shifted, tugged at the zipper, as if moving to take the jacket off, then changed his mind and left it on. Cas tipped his head to the side, confused. It was warm in the classroom, probably warmer still with an extra layer of leather.
1. Chapter summary: Cas is kidnapped by vampires and Dean ends up rescuing him alongside soulless Sam and Samuel (surprise!). In the hospital, where Cas is getting patched up, he asks Dean to move in with him.
The phone rang a couple times before Sam answered.
“Okay so just take it back.”
Dean tied off the last stitch and bit the thread free. He tossed the needle and the rest of the bloody thread into the bin and leaned heavily against the back of the toilet. Cas watched him, noting bitterly the layers of fresh and yellowing bruises over his exposed chest. Cas didn’t know whether they were really caused by a monster, or if Dean’s dad was the real monster, but he knew for a fact that no kid should be that beat up.
“Alright gather round,” Dean’s voice boomed over the noise. The team fell silent just in time to hear a loud pounding knock on the door.
“The mask,” Dean said softly against Cas’s shoulder.
Dean let out a bark of laughter. This dude took everything so literally and it was…adorable.
“No, but I have heard mixed reviews.” Cas stated, accepting a beer.
“I’m not drunk,” Castiel protested. Dean laughed. They hadn’t had a drop of alcohol so far.
“Dean, I’m not sure if the two of you have met. This is Castiel. He’s been a student of mine on and off for a couple of years now.”
Cas pulled the textbook between them, stubbornly ignoring Dean’s expression, but also firmly ignoring the warmth floating up from Dean’s skin. He wanted to put his lips there, inhale the scent of his skin, feel the press of his muscles. But Dean had made his feelings about that pretty clear. He wasn’t going to keep pushing.
Dean nodded once, and fixed his eyes on Cas’ deep blue ones.
Castiel didn’t answer, he just looked down at his hands again.
There was a collective rustling and Cas stole another look at the guy - Dean. His heart leapt.
“Come on,” Dean said, reaching a hand down to haul him up. “We’d better get going before anyone figures out we were here.”
“What’s all over? You can’t take these children away, they’re undergoing important medical treatment,” The monster hissed. “Who are you anyways? I haven’t seen you two around here. Where are your badges?”
was the one who hated himself.
He was a
Slowly, more students trickled in. Some he vaguely knew, most he didn’t recognize. Balthazar and Hannah were nowhere to be seen.
Another long moment. Cas wasn’t sure if Dean was thinking about it, or if he was going to pass out, which seemed highly probably with the way his eyes kept glazing over.
Cas met Dean’s eyes with a steady, searching gaze. “I meant the wings,” he clarified.
Cas’ mind flashed briefly to the look of shock on Sam’s face in the dark so many nights ago, and he realized with a swoop in his stomach that it wasn’t a look of disgust or horror, but was simply Sam putting the pieces together.
“My life is my own. You’re not responsible for keeping me bubble wrapped. If I want to learn to hunt and to help you then I should be able to.”
Cas tossed and turned all night, too hot, then too cold, throat dry, then restless. He crawled out of bed, exhausted and in a foul mood just as the sun was starting to rise. For the first time in years, he avoided looking in the mirror as he dressed. What was the point? He had tried over and over and gotten pushed away each time. It was more than clear that Dean wanted
Cas snapped the wings out of sight and looked up at him from his slump on the sofa with a guilty look on his face.
Done. I'm absolutely done with myself. From now on I will be updating this fic on Saturdays, and if I don't stick to that schedule, feel absolutely free to threaten me however you see fit. Life literally gets so hectic sometimes but I really should get better at posting regularly.
he isn’t coming back. I’ll never let him hurt you again, Cas. Shit,
He was so tired he was barely aware of what he was doing until his feet magically walked him to his English class. He stood in the open doorway and scanned the room, looking for a seat, and his sleepy mood vanished instantly at the sight of a certain someone.
“Can we give Game of Thrones another go?” Castiel asked, almost shyly.
Cas didn’t even have the decency to mask the hurt look on his face.
“He was here. You weren’t,” he answered easily, as if that was a good enough excuse.
“Pontiac, Illinois. About a half hour drive from my place. Dean, where have you been? I haven’t seen you in…four months and suddenly I bump into you in a random forest? Have you been following me?” Cas asked in a rush, only now starting to worry about the fact that he knew next to
A hand shot up in the front row. “Could you give an example of a topic?”
Dean drained the rest of his beer and debated getting another one and thinking some more, or just going to bed. He would have liked to know he could still be productive, and would find something useful, but it was already 4 in the morning and this nights search had so far yielded nothing useful. He resolved to continue searching tomorrow, and get some sleep tonight.
Dean fixed him with a long look, debating whether or not to tell him what happened. He was unsure what happened himself. With a sigh, he decided maybe he could use another brain to help him get out of this potential mess.
“Dean, I’m sorry. I’m sorry I pushed you after the test, too. I really shouldn’t have said anything but-”
Half an hour later, Dean was perched on the landing of the mostly rusted fire escape jutting out from his apartment window, cooling coffee in hand. He was freshly showered and fully dressed, but still dragging out the seconds until he absolutely had to start walking towards campus.
so suggestively that Cas found himself in a very sudden hurry to hang up. His quick goodbye was answered by the sound of two kisses and the buzz of an ended phone call.
Dean let out a short nervous laugh. “I mean, sure. If you really want to.”
He looked around the room at the boys roughhousing and talking loudly over one another.
fit into the whole picture - into a world with literal
“You should see the other guy,” Dean said lightly. He laughed, just for good measure, and Sam met his gaze, unamused.
When he made it back to bed, Dean was still a limp puddle of muscle. Cas slipped under the covers and curled into Dean, who immediately put an arm around Cas, tugging him closer.
Cas bit his tongue, trying to reign in his anger. From this angle Dean looked a lot smaller and younger. A lot more vulnerable. The question slipped out before he even had a chance to consider if he wanted to know the answer.
“Dean!” He immediately dropped his book and threw his arms around Dean, crushing him in a tight hug.
His stomach screamed at him to drink. His mind screamed at him to get the fuck away.
“Cas,” Dean said, his voice broken. He dragged a hand over his face as though that would erase the evidence of his tears. He waved the letter weakly. “What is this, man? What game are you playing?” The words might have stung, but there was no heat behind them. Dean sounded shattered, like he truly thought Cas was messing with him in the worst possible way.
