He falls back, looking around groggily. Just out of the corner of his eye, he sees Dean. His heart lurches weakly in his chest.
“Thank you,” Emmanuel says eventually, and he sounds like he means it. But there’s a strange sad look to his eyes, one that Dean desperately wants to wipe away.
He yanks open the door, and is immediately rushed backward by a trio of people that shove their way in, carrying a fourth. Sam can’t see exactly what’s wrong, only a mess of blood. He jerks back, cursing.
It’s the first piece of personal, actual mail, and Castiel finds his annoyance is slowly turning into guilt. The invitation lists the sender as ‘Sam and Eileen’ and an address upstate.
The rider sweeps by the wanted posters on the way to the local store. His still has no sketch, only the cash reward. The outlaw thought that, maybe, as the rumors spread, someone would attempt to capture his likeness—but so far, nothing. As a result, he’s able to pass through most towns without being recognized.
Realized that more often than not, he found himself with the brother, and not the sister. That Dean spent his days following that dark head of hair, standing by his side, content to just watch, to listen and learn him.
Dean continues, moaning a little as he gets lost in it, getting Cas’s fingers thoroughly wet and ready. Cas only holds out for a few moments longer before he snaps, swiftly sitting up and bringing his other hand to Dean’s jaw.
“Why’d you stop?” He asks breathlessly, hand curling around his bicep. Castiel clears his throat, catching his breath.
Bela scrambles after her weapon, but Dean hits her, sending her flying, and she crashes into the wall. He’s there in an instant—seizing her roughly and slamming her to the floor.
Dean swallows, stepping closer. Now he can see the unusual red markings, around its eyes and streaking over its head, unheard of on a normal swan. But this isn’t a normal swan.
“More comfortable then the seat, anyway,” he mumbles, curling the blanket around him. Dean is still for a moment, and Castiel holds his breath. But then Dean softens, one hand coming to settle on Castiel’s shoulder, the other on his head. Castiel relaxes, closing his eyes.
And then he’s kissing him. Castiel makes a small noise of surprise, but then melts into it, soft lips warm against his. His other hand comes to grip Dean’s shirt, and he breathes his name into his mouth, secretive and soft.
He grabs a nearby spray bottle and attacks Cas, who yelps, tumbling off the bench to get away from the wet.
It’s unfair. Completely unfair. One, because Castiel hadn’t known her well enough to predict what she would have done, not really—and two, because it only reminded them of the empty hole in their family—the hole that had been eating away at them for the past five years.
Balthazar’s laughter dies as he takes in Castiel’s reaction, and his expression quickly twists into one of concern.
water pressure—lathering up the shampoo. He takes a moment to indulge, massaging it into his scalp, trying to alleviate his headache. He groans, sinking his head forward to rinse.
Dean waits impatiently as Frank produces a small dirty bag, pulling it from a box behind him on the coach. Frank closes the box and hands the letters to Dean, before he sits back, wiping at his nose. The rest of the post'll go to Garth at the office, but Dean gets all of the official announcements and memos from the county, simply addressed to 'Sheriff of Creede'. Dean digs eagerly into the bag, ignoring Frank’s baleful stare. He shifts through the assorted stack, paying special attention to the wanted posters—thinner than last time. Either they’re catching a few of these outlaws, or the lawmen are getting worse.
“The fact that Castiel has to give up his freedom just to satisfy some old bat is ridiculous,” Dean mutters.
Castiel slowly gets up from the bed. He thinks if he makes one wrong move he’ll disappear, that he’ll wink out of his life again, and Castiel isn’t sure he’d be able to handle that.
“For once I’d like to go through one day without hearing about the precious Dean Winchester,” he mutters.
He comes out of the room and the lights are low, the doors thrown open to let in the cool night breeze.
She is trapped against the car, writhing and crying, as the building shakes and trembles in front of them. Dean wants to wrench himself away from the power contained in that building. He can feel the poisonous energy sipping and piercing into his body, clawing at the edges of his grace.
He lasts for a few moments more, but finally he snaps—seizing Castiel’s hair and pulling his head back.
Castiel hits the ground, his ears ringing. He tries to sit up, struggling to see through the haze in the air—and then hands wrap around his throat.
From the balcony comes the unmistakable whir of the blender. Cas snorts, shaking his head as he opens up the fridge. It’s already stocked with an unreasonable amount of alcohol that they can’t possibly finish within five days, even with eight of them—but at least there are a few six-packs. Cas grabs an IPA, and starts searching for something to open it with, pulling open various drawers.
Her power seizes him again, and Castiel pushes against it, but his fingers are loosening, his arm dropping without his consent—
Emmanuel is frozen at first, lips unyielding, hands awkwardly curled in the air, not sure how to proceed. But Dean just closes his eyes and kisses him fiercely, as Emmanuel’s hands come to his neck, rough callused hands that Dean’s been desperate to feel.
Castiel had been half-dazed with drugs and pain last night. Perhaps he was remembering, and regretting his loose lips.
Instead, Sam lowers his gun. He’s finally placed the voice, and now he’s struggling to get the words out, his heart thumping with painful hope.
“Do you miss the lake?” Dean asks softly, toying with the chain around his neck. Castiel’s feral gaze snaps to his.
Castiel sits at his desk, scrutinizing the object in his hands. He pulls a magnifying glass towards him, peering closer at the inscription in the brass.
“Well, I guess now is as good a time as any to tell you about what I want to do once we’ve settled in.”
She doesn't scream or call out, but merely looks irritated by the whole thing, pulling at the man’s hands to let her go. But he doesn't, just gripping her tighter, leering in her face.
Emmanuel suddenly stops, one hand pressing against the wall of the cabin, fingers spread across the wood. They’re both frozen, breathing hard against each other, lips millimeters away.
“Anna,” he repeats, continuing to treat her arm. She is brave, not letting her pain show. She tilts her head, peering at him.
Cas nods, squinting up at the bright Nevada sun. He hadn’t even thought of the weather, just rushed out here as soon as he’d sent the email with the file. He sheds his coat, but there’s nothing to be done about his jeans. He sees Dean turn to look at him, and Cas shoots him a glare. Dean quickly averts his eyes, bringing his drink to his lips and pulling out his phone.
Castiel bites his lip. He thinks maybe things would have been better if Dean had just left him there.
It’s hot, the press of bodies setting Dean’s teeth on edge, the tinkle of a player piano and a thin voice warbling along. He’s so focused on Emmanuel and the woman that he doesn’t realize the bartender’s waiting for him to pay.
Dean looks away, a curl of shame washing through him. He doesn't particularly care—but soon Emmanuel will tell her the truth, and the woman will know him for what he is. Nothing more than a hostage.
Gabriel barely spares him a glance, oblivious as he shovels food into his mouth, sucking down his eggs like they’re about to disappear. But Anna’s watching Castiel, smirking. She continues.
"Yeah," Zeke continues blithely. "Blew past us like it was nothing. You ever heard of something like that?"
They stare at each other for a moment, neither willing to back down. Luke spits a mouthful of blood onto the floor.
Afterwards, neither of them feel better, but Castiel is able to selfishly hold him close, Dean trembling in his arms. He cradles Dean’s head to his chest and strokes his hair as he sobs, fighting back tears.
Castiel shakes his head, but tells Charlie the story, omitting what came after, of course. She listens, the stars in her eyes growing wider with every word.
There’s no one else around now, no fear, no judgment. No reason to fight the growing tension between them, the yearning ache in his chest that constantly draws Dean towards the man in front of him. Dean knows he’s not alone in this, he’s not stupid. He’s seen the way Emmanuel stares at him when he thinks Dean isn’t looking.
Dean throws himself the last couple of feet, his fingers brushing his bow—but Michael swoops down, knocking it out of reach. Dean falls to his back, panting.
Sam sits on the desk—something Dean’d normally scold him for—but he knows Sam’s trying to cheer him up, so he lets it be.
Dean reaches a hand out, his silver blade flying into his hand. He presses it to Bela's neck, their positions now reversed.
Dean jerks backward, trying to scramble away. But the pain in his head stops him, and he hunches over, groaning.
Alastair’s face twists—and he snaps his hand out, grabbing the blade—stopping it inches from his neck. The edge slices into the meat of his hand, his grace breaking through—and Abaddon snarls, yanking at it in vain. But she can’t pull it back, and they’re trapped together—poised to fall.
“And I ain’t got nothing against Emmanuel,” she says. “Not anymore. But there’s a bigger picture here.” She whistles to Bobby, who ties the pack closed and heaves it on his shoulder, stepping in behind her.
in his gut, red hot like a brand, cold and sharp as ice. And even worse—Dean knows exactly what the feeling is. He felt it whenever Papa let Sam take the reins for the wagon over him. When he saw Lisa Braeden dancing with someone else at the summer fair, the year he turned sixteen. And seeing this outlaw talking intimately with a woman.
Raphael settles back down on the bed, never once breaking the gaze. He blinks slowly, and when his eyes open, they’re that deep, fathomless black.
“She’s a direct connection to Hell,” he says lowly. “Having Cas all to herself, all the things she could make him see, make him remember...who knows what that will awaken in your brother.”
But this morning with Dean had turned out to be nothing like he expected, and Castiel realizes he’s enjoying himself.
Castiel throws his head back, swiveling his hips sinfully—and Dean lets out a strangled cry. His eyes roll, his whole body loosens—
“Amulet to hide you,” she explains hastily. “And Sam’s putting up the last of the warding. We have to make sure Dean can’t get in.”
Dean grimaces. He’d never admit it to Sam, but the thought of him digging around some poor bastard's mouth makes Dean's skin crawl.
He kicks out, but he can’t find the bottom, it’s too deep—water is all around him, everywhere, blinding tight, pressing down on him.
The evidence lockup is empty, like it always is, and Dean crosses his arms, staring at a spot on the floor.
He whips his hand towards Dean, lightning fast. Dean reacts, but he’s too slow. Emmanuel steps back, holding Dean’s Colt in his hand.
He crumples, gasping. He tries to push himself up, but pain shoots through his back, and he realizes he can’t feel his legs.
She just rolls her eyes and turns on the water of the sink, starting to scrub the grease from her arms.
He’s not sure why he’s so bothered. Dean’s long stopped prickin’ his ears up at the mention of the name Bobby.
She releases him, but not before planting a huge kiss on his cheek, once again turning to her phone.
Cas drops into the desk chair beside the bed, his legs refusing to support his weight anymore. He stares a hole in the wall, chewing at his lip.
“Sam, I love you, but you’re a fucking terrible actor.” He glances back at his phone. “And Charlie running off all shady, it’s almost as if―”
Dean's arm is suddenly white-hot underneath his fingers, and Castiel snatches his hand back, burned.
There's a long stretch of silence, where neither one of them is willing to cede ground. But just when Castiel is ready to abandon his interrogation, to turn and go back to his pitiful attempt at sleep, the sheriff speaks.
She raises a hand, and Castiel quickly shoves Anna behind him—but she digs her fingers into his arm, and Sam is darting forward—
Because despite all his teasing, he is incredibly grateful. Sam flew in early to help with all the wedding stuff, taking the bulk of the arrangements upon himself, (with Charlie’s help, of course) and it’s really only because of them that this wedding is happening
But he needles him, and Castiel eventually relents, letting him order one more thing, and one more thing,
“A little unorthodox, I suppose, but effective,” he says, glancing at Castiel’s wrist. It’s steadily dripping blood.
The dark-haired outlaw is probably Dean’s biggest threat. He's just about as tall as Dean, looks just about as strong. Dean isn’t sure, but he thinks he’d probably match him in a physical fight. Dean would need to take him by surprise.
Normally, he would keep his mouth shut and obey—the man reminds him of his father, in that regard—but he’s already on edge today, and he’s had it with everyone in Daughton telling him what to do.
But he lets Ruby remove his hand from the bottle, lets her slide in front of him, between him and the table.
Thank you, thank you, thank you all for reading this story and sticking with it until the end, for putting up with my irregular posting schedule and those damn cliffhangers. I cannot tell you how many hours and how much love and effort I poured into the story, and it means a lot to me that you came this far.
His phone vibrates in his pocket and he pulls it out, seeing an incoming FaceTime from Sam. He grins and swipes it open, Sam's face filling the screen.
The lights of his room are too bright. Artificial. They’re nothing like dancing hellfire, or the sickly white glow of the demon’s eyes.
But as the years went on, and they both grew, turned into beautiful bright souls, finally, Dean realized.
Castiel doesn’t even hear her. He’s frantically pushing himself up, running for Dean, he has to get to him, save him—
Dean stoops to collect the knife, wiping it briefly on his shirt before he walks back over to the pair of them. He wordlessly holds out the blade, hilt first.
His grip slips as they take in the bedroom. There’s a gigantic white bed, and actual fucking rose petals are strewn around, which Dean knows Cas would never actually ask the hotel staff to do (“The mess would be ridiculous, Dean”).
“Hey, hey, no—it’s a costume party, right?” He forces out a laugh. “If I take it off then I’d ruin it.”
“The beloved pets of an absent father, who ran off with no instructions and a world to run,” he seethes, voice simmering with hatred. “It’s the worst kind of torture.”
Dean nods, finding himself unsurprised. Sam always had been the better tracker, out of the pair of them.
Castiel desperately doesn’t want to believe Dean. Desperately wants to pretend it was a lie, that for some reason the angel cooked up this bullshit story to excuse his own messy actions, and that they're in no more danger than they usually are. It’s not like they haven’t been involved in their share of shitty situations, but this is big. Apparently 'fate of the world' big.
Castiel knows he doesn’t have anything. He can’t. Nothing except this damn blade, and God knows how fruitless that’s been.
Gabriel buries himself in his books. Castiel never sees him without some manuscript in his hands, another scroll, another scrap of ancient lore. Castiel knows he’s researching, reading everything up on angels, everything he can find, but they don’t talk about it.
He’s talking with Alicia about her class and how the school year is going so far, when Dean finally arrives.
Dean sticks his hands in his pockets, shuffling around their makeshift camp. Stuck guarding a coupla horses while Emmanuel rips off a train not a hundred yards away. He kicks at a clump of grass, before turning and hunkering down on the ground. He pulls off his hat, scrubbing a hand over his face. Cesar is whistling as his hands fiddle with wires, lost as the train whips by them, a great dull roar. Dean fidgets. They gotta stop it soon, the last cars are comin’ up.
His voice is harsh, impatient, and Dean instinctively hunches in on himself, wondering what the three of them have planned for him.
“‘M serious,” Cas blurts. “I have known her for years and I’m probably the closest thing she has to family, so don’t, for one second, think I’m not above kicking your ass.”
“Haven’t seen ‘im,” Gabriel manages to get out around a mouthful of cream. “Come to think of it, haven’t seen Cas for a while either.”
Dean swallows. And he just asked the guy to perform a complicated spell for him. Which he did anyway.
“Didn’t want to spoil the surprise now, did I?” Luke glances at Sam, a smile spreading over crooked teeth. “One of Emmanuel’s whores runs this place. Almost certain he stopped here.”
“Dean,” he breathes, a hand coming up to his cheek. Dean shakes his head, the words tumbling from him in a rush.
Castiel is rooted to the spot. There's a pounding in his head, pressure building up behind his ears, threatening to overwhelm him.
He’s standing just as the short one comes to look for him. He stops just at the edge of the tall grasses, squinting at Dean.
Deep in the back of his mind, though, he knows it’s not quite true. He was simply caught up in the game, the back-and-forth routine they’d established, and he could bury his attraction to Castiel under the irritation and sarcasm. It was easy when he thought Cas hated him. But now….
She raises a hand and dramatically thrusts it forward, but nothing happens. Castiel stands in tense silence as she frowns, looking down at her palm. A slow grin creeps across his face as she continues to flex her fingers in confusion.
“Because I’m following the man who kidnapped my brother,” Sam says. “And whoever took my brother is leaving a
Dean yanks the door open almost immediately. His cheeks are pink, his eyes are bright, and he seems slightly disheveled, hair sticking up every which way.
“Spinning all that crap about saving the world, closing the gates of Hell, and you—waxing poetic about your damn brother the whole time…”
A nearby taro plant shrinks back slightly, ruffling its leaves. Dean throws it a glare before looking back to Castiel.
But Dean can understand why. Charlie’s Poison Ivy outfit is perfect down to a T, and it doesn’t help that he’s dressed as Batman. Not his choice, by the way. Alicia had tossed two jumpsuits at him and Sam when they both claimed to not have anything to wear. He might’ve wrestled Sam for the Batman one, but who wouldn’t? Way better then being Spiderman.
Dean’s hardly awake when he feels his horse stop moving underneath him. The shackles have been digging into his wrists ever since they left the camp, chafing and rubbing his skin raw. His horse turns her head, and the manacles scrape his skin, causing Dean to hiss, sucking his breath in through his teeth. The outlaw turns his head at that, sharp eyes missing nothing.
But Anna had refused. She forced him to stay behind from the hunt, and he had to watch her drive away in his car yesterday, Gabriel waving and grinning toothily from the front seat.
I know they’ll never take me back. My own family cast me out—I now only have this small part left, carved out with blood and pain—and I will
The guests who are still there cheer them on their way out the door, but Dean can’t resist one last word, waggling his ring finger at Bobby.
He ducks just in time as Gordon lashes out again, barely avoiding the sharp edge that whistles past his neck.
He trundles off into the old weeds, glancing back over his shoulder. He should be hidden from view by now.
He's been standing out on the crappy motel sidewalk for he doesn't know how long, frozen, when Dean pops into existence on the curb next to him, scowling.
Dean’s grip tightens in the rough material of Sam’s coat, then he releases him. Sam takes deep breaths, fighting back tears. Dean’s eyes are red, too.
Thumb, forefinger, dipping over the ridges of his backbone and dropping away. The loss tears a half-formed whimper from Castiel’s mouth, and he’s on the verge of turning around, when—
He just stares at Dean, long enough that he gets a little nervous, shifting his weight back and forth.
“You better start telling your clients you are un-a-vail-a-ble, ooh, the waiting list this will create―”
Dean drops his hand, breathing in deep. He closes his eyes for a moment, then attempts to push himself up again, wobbling as another stabbing pain shoots through his head.
He goes tromping off to where the other two have started a fire, heating something up over the flames. Despite himself, Dean’s stomach rumbles. Whatever’s in the pot has his mouth watering, just at the smell. He hasn't eaten since the previous night, and dammit, if he’s gonna have a chance in hell against these three, he needs his strength.
The demon hits him, and Castiel falls back, hissing in a breath. His mouth is bleeding, teeth cutting into his ragged lip. The other grabs his collar and they drag him away, drag him towards the hissing pit of power where the archangels stand. He fights them the whole way, yelling himself hoarse.
He looks up, and Sam is grinning, smiling from ear to ear. Dean blushes furiously, shoving past him.
He shoves himself up, the nicks in his skin stinging, and he runs—barely keeping ahead of it, each row of windows blowing out after him. He dives, curling up into a ball, the last shards crashing down around him. Castiel stays motionless until it stops, then lifts his head, shakily pushing himself up, glass cutting into his palms. He pulls his revolver.
The men fall in behind him, and soon the talk and laughter returns. Benny rides up beside Dean, their eyes meeting. Just the look on his face is already putting Dean in a better mood.
Emmanuel sets his hat down, walking towards him. Dean tenses up, but he doesn’t shy away. Emmanuel steps to Dean's right side, taking his arm.
Alastair draws his hands together, then slowly pulls them apart. A pure white sword appears in his hand, seeming to glow with an ethereal fire.
“But instead, he betrayed me.” Her eyes flare, and the room seems to darken around them. “Condemned me to that cage for eternity. For
Sam only catches a flash of dark hair and fierce brown eyes before the serving girl disappears back into the crowd.
The dinner arrangements are the topic for the day. Bobby and Mary hover over him, watching him like hawks.
They would never know. He could do it, right now. Disappear and emerge from the crowd, approach them and murmur a quiet apology.
It’s the last thing he wants to fucking do right now, but Charlie is drunk and insistent, and the sooner he reads whatever she’s shoving at him, he’ll be able to go after Eileen and ask her what the hell he did wrong.
Time is fluid. It shifts and works—and for the longest time, I was nothing but a speck in the sea. A spark of energy in the roiling flood of life that was my family.
Castiel can’t finish that sentence. He closes his eyes, and the world seems to fly away, everything black and open, pressing down on him.
“Now begins the cleansing of this earth,” Abaddon murmurs. “To take back what is rightfully ours. For the worthy.”
“You woulda died,” Dean says quietly, standing. He moves towards Emmanuel, who takes a halting step back, sucking in a breath. Dean stops.
Castiel starts chanting softly, in a language Dean doesn’t recognize—but instinctively, he knows the words.
They walk away from that horrible black twisted crater, leaving it behind, shoving it into the dark.
Cas takes a sip of his beer, pursing his lips. He knows he’s being an ass about this, but he’s a little put out that his best friend decided to secretly start dating someone and not tell him about it. If they hadn’t been so goddamn obvious, Cas would still be in the dark about it. He can be a little obtuse sometimes, he knows, but hell. He’s not
Castiel breaks from his mouth, panting, his breaths turning into sighs as Dean kisses down his neck, pulling him closer. He’s burning under his skin, just needing to touch him.
Dean finishes with the left side and motions Sam to let him see the right. It’s a beautiful doublet, gold plum brocade, tailored and sewn especially for Sam. It must have cost a small fortune—money that could have been better spent elsewhere.
She quickly waves them back, extending a finger and moving it through the air, then pointing at the ground. A glowing blue line circles around the three humans, flashing like fire for the briefest of moments, then fades away.
They left before the others, who said they’d meet them here. Cas scans the dancing crowd, but can’t pick any of his friends out amongst the masks and costumes. Which he supposes is the point.
Dean flashes in only five minutes later, dumping a bag full of grease and some sort of food into his lap.
The sharp edge is pressed to Castiel’s chin, but it only creates a warm buzzing against his skin. Castiel curls his lip, shooting back a quick retort.
Sam appears, looking pink and ruffled, just as the sun bids goodnight, everything settling into a warm dusk.
He seizes Castiel by the throat, forcing him to the ground. Castiel shoves back—but freezes when the gun’s cold metal presses against his temple.
“You know, I would say I’m surprised, but I’m really not,” Sam says from the doorway, already in his suit.
She drops her hand, and for a minute it looks like she might punch him. Then she grabs the keys from the table, throwing out an arm.
A harsh light envelops him, and when it fades, Dean is standing again, staring at him with an inhuman glare. Castiel’s heart stops.
They whirl and suddenly they’re in a forest—and then Charlie’s pulling something out of the air, a thin amulet covered in runes. She grabs Anna’s elbow and slips it over her head, settling it around her neck.
“You said he’d be useful,” Morgan answers scathingly. “All he’s done is whine and mope so far. He’s a liability.”
He runs down the ridge, losing sight of the two riders for a heart-stopping second. Then he spills out into the canyon, the two horses opposite him.
After a moment, Eileen catches her breath, long enough to explain, in halting words, just exactly everything Ketch had relayed to her, as well as show him the messages. Gabriel’s face darkens, but he’s still eyeing Ketch with distrust.
When he gets no response, Cas sobers, looking back over at Dean. He’s still staring at Cas, and seems to be chewing his lip.
“The moment I found out, all I wanted to do was talk to my best friend about how fucking scared I was.” Dean sighs. “And then you said you were picked to be Captain, and it all just...seemed too much.”
Castiel manages to put the Impala into gear and get onto the road, his palms sweating against the steering wheel.
Ketch leans back against the hotel bar, scanning the casino with steely eyes. Mick comes up and slides into the seat next to him, unbuttoning his suit jacket. Ketch sets down his drink.
He stalks back inside, conscious of Sam following him. Dean throws the hammer on the desk, dropping into his chair.
He doesn’t know who Dean thinks he is, but if this asshole is going to try and intimidate him with these constant staring contests, he has another thing coming.
Castiel struggles against the haze in his brain. They’re sitting right across from Sam and Gabriel, but for all he knows, it feels like they’re alone, that the world’s confined to just the space in between them, only Dean’s voice in his ears.
When Charlie announced that she was getting married, in Las Vegas, of all places—Dean had labeled her as downright insane.
By fortune or by ill luck, Dean’s birthday is just over a month away. Then he will be eligible to take the throne and rule in his own right.
Dean stiffens a little, his hands tightening briefly on his before he relaxes, closing his eyes. Castiel holds his breath.
“You will break, Anna,” she says, like she’s merely stating a fact. “But I do think it’ll go a little faster if we’re on the same page. In regards to your fate.”
She presses the tip of the knife against his shoulder, just hard enough to hurt, but not hard enough to bleed.
Eileen stares at the phone, wondering if she should continue the conversation. They all agreed, whatever happens tonight, they’d all be given a pass—what happens here, stays here, and all that—but she’s dying of curiosity. What could have Sam and the rest of them gotten up to that pissed off Ketch so much?
He spins and Castiel blocks his hands, but Dean’s moving too fast, he’s like lightning—strike after strike, all Castiel can do is block.
One hand reaches up, grazes Dean’s cheek, then his fingertips trail down his jaw, lingering on the side of his neck. It’s the lightest of touches, and nowhere near as intimate as some of the ones they’ve shared, but it sends Dean trembling. Castiel’s hot eyes are fixed on his.
Alastair shoves her back again, and they stumble back, drawing in ragged breaths. They’re too evenly matched. This fight will continue until they both destroy each other.
Dean tenses up, ready to sling back whatever insult Cas manages to throw his way—but surprisingly, he doesn’t say a word. He instead turns back to Sam and Eileen, watching how they’re curled around each other, watching as Eileen giggles and leans in, pressing a kiss to Sam’s cheek.
“She knows what she’s doing,” he says again, his tone low and dangerous. “I try to protect her, because that’s my goddamn job—but I don’t interfere. Because I actually trust her, instead of fucking control her, like you—“
“I have one job,” Dean whispers, the hate in his voice cutting into Castiel’s heart. “And that is to ensure that Anna Remington survives long enough to fulfill her destiny.”
Castiel bites his tongue, typing with perhaps a little more force than is necessary. He loves Charlie, but her ranting is really starting to get to him. Castiel might be the best pilot this side of the Pleiades, but hey. He’s only human.
Then they’re off, disappearing like ghosts into the trees, so suddenly Dean has no hope of following.
Castiel tries to breathe, his heart pounding. He catches sight of Dean’s face, impassive behind Gordon’s shoulder.
Anna’s voice—coming from somewhere to his right—and he runs toward the sound, dodging the burning beams of wood, skidding to a halt when one falls in his path, barely missing him. He scrambles over it, Anna finally coming into view. She’s crouched in the corner, and she’s got her arms around something, no,
He jangles the keys at Dean. In his other hand is a plate of something, hot and steaming. Despite himself, Dean’s stomach rumbles. He ain’t had nothing but coarse bread and a couple strips of jerky since they captured him. His captors hadn’t been too kind about sharing food—only when Dean was about to fall out of the saddle did they allow him the bare minimum from their rations.
“Your boss,” Anna says, hissing out the word. “Big man upstairs, who's still not beneath jumping into my head and threatening me like some middle school bully.”
And now, Dean knows he's not going to get another chance at escape. They're going to be watching him like hawks now.
“I do not wish any more angels to die,” she murmurs. “Join me, my friend. Join me, and I will spare your life.”
knows. Dean remembers, he went to every performance of that godawful play he was in—Sam can’t act for
It’s the truth, but it’s not the whole truth. If Dean’s being honest with himself, there’s another reason he turned tail and ran back to Emmanuel.
She watches him with challenging eyes, cradling her arm awkwardly. Dean can see now, it’s a simple matter to reset the wrist, but he does not wish to frighten her.
She pulls the jacket into her arm, cleaning it the best she can. She could have asked Charlie, to repair it with a snap of fingers, but that felt wrong somehow.
All of this, it’s still here. Because of them. Because of their stubborn refusal to give into fate. And no one knows.
“Like you said. Long story,” Sam says. He turns back to the ashes of the spent fire, striking angrily at his match. Bobby is quiet.
He clutches his bloody hands to his chest, almost wanting to laugh—delirious with it. The piercing power of her rage throbs between them like a twisted cord, he can feel every pulse and thought—that thick, familiar anger, and it terrifies him. Castiel knows now. It’s always been her. She had been planning this from the beginning. Made him like this. Like her.
He feels it boiling in his chest, and he clenches his fists, biting back the insults and the rage he longs to throw at her.
It’s thick and smoky in the bar, warm and rowdy after the cold silence of the night. Emmanuel sweeps over to a corner table, pulling off his gloves as the three of them hurry after him. The occupant of the table sees them coming and hurriedly clears out, taking his glass with him. Emmanuel doesn’t seem to notice, sliding into a chair with its back against the wall, dropping his gloves on the table. Anna and Gabriel follow suit, and Dean drags up a chair, sitting at the last remaining bit of table. Emmanuel’s eyes are scanning the room, when a man suddenly appears at his elbow, placing four glasses on the table. Dean glances up, but the man’s gone before any of them can say a word. Dean blinks, glancing over at the two outlaws to his right, but they don’t seem as fazed by the procedure. This must be the regular treatment.
Castiel can’t think. Dean pulls him closer, breathless. Their hips are touching dangerously, his hand on the back of his neck—
Castiel doesn’t break the gaze, starting off with a few slow strokes. Dean’s hand finds his jaw, slowly dragging up the curve of his cheek, with a touch so tender Castiel forgets everything else.
He transfers the last of the plants, and stands, hastily wiping the dirt from his gloves. He pulls them off and heads toward the blissfully cool indoors.
The man jerks against her, his face paling to the color of curdled milk. But Ruby’s grip might as well be iron.
The pot on the stove is smoking, and Dean curses and goes back to it, quickly fixing the heat, stirring and muttering to himself.
“Where did they go?” Sam blurts. Ruby's eyes dart towards him, but he ignores her. “Did he say anything? Who was he with?”
Dean slides off his saddle, hitting the ground hard. The man immediately sets off, but Dean sprints after him, and is on Marv in a heartbeat.
He stops, opening up his own ring box. He pulls it from its case, holding it out. Dean looks down at it, taking in the delicate silver curves, the groove running down the middle.
He twists his wrist, digging the iron forceps deeper into Emmanuel’s body. Dean closes his eyes, turning his head away.
There's a long moment of tense silence, when none of them speak. It's finally broken by Gabriel, who sweeps up one of the stacks, rifling through creased bills.
He regrets it immediately. Charlie does go quiet, but makes a thoroughly overdramatic roll of her chair into Castiel’s eyeline. She raises an eyebrow.
Dean’s hands curl into fists. He looks pale, so pale against the dark of his suit—unfamiliar and cold. He’s not the soft Dean, the Dean of cotton and sunlight that Castiel knows. This is the angel of legend, the unknowable creature of power and wrath that could kill him with a snap of his fingers.
“Winchester and Emmanuel,” Alicia says, letting go after a brief moment. “C’mon, Lafitte. You can’t pass that up.”
Dean snatches up his fork again, resisting the urge to stand, to stalk out of this hall, to ride to Laurence and never come back.
“I don’t care what they think,” Dean whispers, misunderstanding. He presses their lips together, and Castiel melts, eyes closed and cheeks flushed when they finally part.
A warrior of God built only to be a soldier, who broke all the rules and gave everything, for his father’s most beloved creations.
Dean swallows, a bead of sweat dripping down his temple. The outlaws are outnumbered, two to one. How the hell are they going to get out of this?
He pictures her face. He remembers all those they had saved, all those that would suffer if he didn’t take that final step, and he knows. He knows he doesn’t have a choice.
He roams his eyes over the group they’ve managed to assemble, and feels only the slightest pull of trepidation. Benny, he has no doubt of—the man is one of the most honest and trustworthy Castiel's met, despite his reputation—and if the Banes are running with him, then they must be solid, too. Desmond, he’s met once or twice—never liked the man, but he follows Benny’s orders to the letter. Creaser seems to be the only one to worry about. Castiel kicks his heels into his horse’s sides, urging her a little faster. He’ll have to keep an eye on him.
They’re interrupted by the sound of approaching hooves. Emmanuel, followed by Anna, horses slowly making their way down the slight slope. Emmanuel dismounts and turns to the look at the motley group around them, blue eyes glinting with an eager sort of flame.
She touches her shoulder, and Abaddon whips around, jerking away from Charlie’s touch like she’s been burned.
Emmanuel glares up at Dean, then back down at his own body. He sees the bandages, wrapped around his torso, and he groans, throwing an arm over his eyes.
He knows Anna would tell him to just dip into the money they got back from that scumbag Butler, but Castiel won’t. It’s not his money to spend.
Nobody home means he can sing at the top of his lungs while making breakfast in his boxers―and not one damn person on this earth can rain on Dean’s parade today, because he’s getting fucking
Castiel chances a look around the corner, but they’re gone. He breathes hard, mind racing. What the hell—
Gabriel tries to restrain her, but she shoves him back and chases after Castiel, hitting every part of him she can reach.
Charlie starts putting together his order, and Castiel idly taps his fingers against the counter, the runic tattoos on his arms shining in the warm light. Dean doesn’t speak to him again, instead trying his best to squish himself as far as possible into his seat. After a few more agonizing moments, Charlie returns and Castiel gets his bagels, politely bidding her goodbye.
“No. I—only when your life was in danger. We’re connected. I can feel when your life is threatened and I can intervene. Didn’t you ever wonder? All those close calls?”
“Why not?” Castiel asks, looking over and brushing the hair from Dean’s eyes. “You’re my favorite subject.”
Dean kisses him first, a quick peck on the lips before he pops the Vicodin, leaning back and waiting for it to kick in.
“Dean. Dean,” Castiel murmurs, trying to let him know it’s okay, that there’s nothing to forgive. He wishes he could tell him more now, but all he can manage is his name, that one word that had come to mean so much.
Castiel’s hand is lying limply on the bed, his eyes slipping closed—and in a moment of reckless foolishness, Dean leans forward, curling their fingers together.
Nothing unusual there—Castiel’s never been exactly regular with what he needs for his various charms or potions—but Cat has also stopped showing up.
“See you around,” he blurts, and turns to go back upstairs cursing himself. Why can he never talk to attractive people,
Castiel holds him close, praying desperately, praying and screaming in his head for help—but nothing happens.
They run back to the luggage car. The train is moving now, really picking up speed. Emmanuel is still there, and he turns to Anna and Dean once he sees them, the last bags full to bursting.
Sam had left as soon as he was restocked and his solid little chestnut was rested—she greeted him on his return from the sheriff’s station, eyes bright, pawing at the ground.
“Anna refuses to accept it though,” he mutters. “You know what she’s like. She keeps saying that he’ll be back.”
“Three!” The man cries. “Three others. B-bad types, from the look of ‘em.” He swallows, sweating somethin' awful. “They didn’t stay for more than twenty minutes. Loaded up and headed out."
Sam manages with some difficulty to control the two horses, leading the other one behind his chestnut. The second horse seems slightly irritated to go back the way she just came, presumably because she already divested the path of all its edible grass. Sam goes slowly, vigilant for any sign or sound. The trail spills out on the other side of the hills, but the land still looks the same, more sand, more scrub brush. There’s a lazy creek running its way through the rock a little ways off, a couple crows clustered on its banks. But otherwise, nothing.
“We just told Anna,” he says, exchanging a look with Charlie. “We’re not…just helping you move back.”
“Sorry, I, um—” Dean coughs, sticking his hands in his jacket pockets. “You said your garden needed some help, and I—”
He hands Dean his ice cream, then turns to his own, where it’s already dripping down the side of his cone. He licks it up, and Dean’s brain short-circuits for a second.
“Then next month I’ll call you by your title,” he says gruffly. “But only if you show me the same respect.”
Castiel just grunts. He should be getting up, to change into his uniform for the new batch of arrivals, but he makes no attempt to move.
Emmanuel continues to work up the shaving soap and apply it to Dean’s face, before running the razor over a leather strop a few times. Dean holds his breath.
“It’s okay,” Castiel mumbles, ripping the belt out. “I want to,” he murmurs, curling a hand around Dean's thigh. He looks up, finding those eyes.
"Soon, all will be as it should be," she says softly. "You will return to Heaven. Anna will be ours. And Castiel will be dead."
Anna swallows heavily. She can see Gabriel staring at her, from the corner of her eye, and she quickly clears her throat, straightening.
What I felt, for my brothers and my sisters, I—I couldn’t call it love. Perhaps…a familial affection. I adored all my siblings equally, there is no doubt of that—it was what we were designed for, it was programmed into our very beings—
Castiel throws his elbow back, catching Dean by surprise and sending him stumbling back. They meet each other in the middle, silver clashing again and again.
Castiel jerks his arm out of her grip, glaring at her. Anna sighs, turning back to the man on the floor. She bends slightly, holding out a hand.
Zeke’s got a guilty expression on his face, his hair sticking up every which way, and dressed in a pair of borrowed sweatpants that Castiel recognizes as his own. Castiel may not be a genius, but he can put two and two together.
“But that’s the problem,” Dean says, throwing up his hands. “It’s not just her. I gotta worry about being fucking
The opiate’s gone to his head, he’s talking nonsense. Dean shushes him, trying to lay him back against the pillows—but even weakened, Emmanuel is still a force to be reckoned with.
“Just so you know, if you do anything to hurt Eileen, I have connections in law enforcement,” he says, slurring slightly. “Good at covering up evidence.”
Dean is unable to move. He watches as Sam drags jagged pieces of metal from the tear in Emmanuel’s gut, shard after shard.
Dean’s hand drifts, tracing over Castiel’s cheek and his neck, hooking a finger around the key’s cord.
“Thank you. Really.” The smile turns into a grimace. “I get the feeling we haven’t seen the last of our lady friend.”
All of Sam's instincts tell him Ruby is lying. The irrational part of him is saying that it really doesn’t matter—all that matters is how close her thigh is to touching his own.
He knows they’re trying to cheer him up, but it’s not working. A dark curl of unease is twisting inside his chest. He can’t be a warrior for Heaven. Because he’s tainted. He’s broken. He will never be able to erase what he did.
Dean spares one glance back over his shoulder. Anna is down, rubbing at her eyes—and he sees Gabriel emerge, pants halfway down, a stupid shocked look on his face. Dean allows himself a laugh before he turns back to the reins, urging his horse on, into the distance.
He rides faster, trying to remember Anna’s description in his mind. At the foot of the hills, by a river, a fork in the road. The one to the right is used by coaches, the one that heads on to Ashcroft, the next major town. The one to the left is mostly hidden, only known to the outlaws, leading up to the Roost.
They take some obnoxious selfies and pics of the surrounding view that Cas immediately sends off to their group chat with Charlie and Sam, accompanied by a string of emojis.
They drag them both back to the private booth area they started the night at, and Sam and Eileen immediately ensconce themselves into a corner, dropping deep into conversation. Charlie leans forward, beckoning Dean forward.
“I....don’t know,” he says carefully, which is only partly the truth. Sam hasn’t made any indication of whether this is something he thinks will last, but Dean knows him. And he can see the signs, so different than any of the other relationships Sam’s had in the past. This is going to have some staying power.
Sam is standing in his doorway, fidgeting anxiously, fingers tugging at the edges of his new doublet.
“Charlie’s working on possible ways to break through to him,” he says eventually. “Lilith and company are still looking for you, but they’ve got bigger things on their mind at the moment.”
Cas drops the last grounds into the filter and shuts the basket door, pressing the brew button. So sue him, he’s making coffee because even though it’s three in the afternoon, he’s tired as hell. At least that’s how he’s trying to explain it. His insomnia and exhaustion must be causing this weird-ass hallucination.
One more kiss and Dean darts off, throwing a leg over his horse. Castiel sorrowfully watches him go, the sound of hoofbeats fading into the dark night.
Her eyes slide to that ghostly white, haunting milky irises that seem to stare at everything and nothing all at once.
Sam shoots a glance over at the other two. They’re watching the interaction, tense and silent. But they don’t contradict her story.
Dean hops off the horse, still trying to maintain the illusion that his wrists are bound, and sits without comment, still staying stubbornly silent. The man and girl exchange a look, but hand him a plate.
“I am not a freak,” Castiel says evenly. Dean ignores him, hands wandering down towards the dash again.
They both fall silent, mutely staring at the table in front of them. When Anna speaks again, her voice is cautious.
Castiel finally grabs Dean's shirt and rolls him over, straddling his hips and successfully pinning him down. Dean growls playfully but Castiel shoves him back to the mattress, shaking his head.
Castiel falls back onto the couch, and sets the small velvet box on the table in front of him, staring at it. Now that he has the ring, the idea of proposing feels more and more real.
“So I think we’ll do the hem—here, and then we’ll slim the back of the legs. Sound good?” The tailor, a man called Donnie, asks, glancing up at Dean. Dean smiles back, giving him a wink.
Dean rides slightly behind them, eyes wary. And slowly, he slides the blade into place, and starts to drag the sharp edge across the ropes. Slip, slip, drag, and one by one, the bonds begin to fray.
He gets lost again as they enter the castle, but with Sam's help they quickly find the main hall again, heading up to the second landing and their rooms.
Gabriel is making no effort to hide his thoughts about that, glaring at Dean with a furious malevolence. Dean lifts his chin, meeting the stare.
Mary kisses his cheek, and soon after, she gracefully takes her leave, leaving the youngsters to their wine and their revels.
It's her. From the bar, in Ridgeville. Despite the haze of pain and fear in his mind, Sam is certain. Hers isn’t a face he could easily forget.
“We grew up together, in the castle you now call your home. He had always been obsessed with magic, reading every book he could get his hands on, but our parents thought it nothing more than silly fantasy.” He looks up at the sky, exhaling slowly. “Until he got it into his head that he deserved to rule.”
“No, it’s um—” Dean waves a hand, trying to think of something clever to say, then decides against it. “Slow day. Dragon’s blood, you said?”
Castiel was suddenly the most sought-after bachelor in town, and it’s considered a dull day if someone hasn’t proposed to Castiel by noon. The man can’t step foot into the city limits without at least three or four people dogging his steps. Bartholomew keeps sending him gifts, and Daphne, the local weaver, is constantly showering him with clothes. Even their mayor, Hannah, has made a play. At this point, it’s become more of a competition than anything. Who will be the one to finally get the infamous Castiel Novak?
The sounds of Anna and Gabriel’s low conversation fade into the background as Dean drifts, the cool feeling of the bandage finally dulling the aching pain of his wounds. He’s so tired, he can't bring himself to care that he’s sitting inches from one of the worst murderers the West has ever seen.
Something towers over him—and Dean gasps, paling in fear before the terrible owl. Michael hisses—and with a swish of his cape they both disappear, the terrible laughter still echoing around the dark hall.
“No!” Castiel yells, shattering the silence. “You left, and you don’t get to do this now, you don’t get to come waltzing back into my life like everything’s fine―”
“We’re late enough as it is,” he says expectantly. “And I don’t got all day, seeing as my brother’ll kill me if I don’t get to visit him again.”
The other outlaws start moving towards their horses, saddling up, loading pistols, taking brief swallows of liquid courage. Emmanuel waits near Cesar and Dean, giving him a few last-minute instructions.
She shoves her chair back, standing and turning away from the table, trying to get herself under control.
“And don’t you dare tell me I can’t. You’re a lot of things, Cas, but I never thought hypocrite would be one of them.”
“I know it’s our wedding night and all, but…” He finds Cas’s eyes. “Would I be the worst husband ever if I just wanted to sleep right now?”
So he just does it. Castiel’s hands find Dean's face and he kisses him, pressing their lips together with a sudden fierceness—and for all his hesitant words before, Dean doesn’t hold back now. He lets out a soft noise and falls into the kiss, wrapping his arms around Castiel. He moves gently, opening up under Castiel’s touch, but not letting him take control—never pushing too hard, never too fast. If anything, it’s infuriating—always pulling back just when Castiel wants more.
He leans in, slowly capturing Dean’s lips in a kiss. Dean breathes into it, sighs, opens his eyes to see Castiel opposite him, lids just barely closed. Dean looks in a way he’s never allowed himself to look before—at the sharp angle of Castiel’s jawline, the bell curve of his lips, his bottomless eyes. Dean’s hand comes to Castiel’s face, fingers over his forehead, down, over the thin white scars through his eyebrow. Castiel exhales, almost aching, as if he’s been waiting for this for a long time. Dean wonders the last time he had a kind word or a soft touch.
Dean grits his teeth, placing the hat on his head. But he swallows his pride and grabs onto his horse’s reins, tugging her towards him. She comes easily, but Dean hesitates, looking down at his hands. Ain’t no easy thing getting on a horse, ‘specially not with hands tied.
Gabriel comes back from his loop of the trail, grinning. He’s ditched the getup, and is back to normal.
He looks around nervously, but Cas was right. It’s near pitch dark, and even if the nosiest of Petunia Dursley types stuck their nose out their windows and tried to spy, they’d see nothing but two dark shapes on dark sand.
Castiel looks him up and down, narrowing his eyes. Even if he did believe him, which he doesn’t, why would they send this sorry excuse of an angel down to save him?
Dean unlocks the Impala and slides into the driver’s side, wincing a little as the movement jostles his newly inked tattoo. Castiel notices, because of course he does, and reaches for Dean, frowning.
Castiel shakily props himself on one elbow, gripping the rough fletching of the arrow. He moves it slightly and nearly blacks out. Red hot pain shoots up his side, digging straight into his very core. Castiel braces himself on both hands, panting.
“We got a long journey ahead of us,” she says. “Plenty of time to get to know each other a little better.”
“Split off,” Anna calls, and then she’s running and ducking out the back door. Gabriel and Sam immediately bolt too, and Dean pulls his revolver from its holster, shoving himself up.
The waitress is at the table opposite them, and Dean taps his fingers patiently against his leg. Just a little bit closer.
Dean is looking for the source of the noise, and sees what to him is just another rider, his face swathed in cloth.
“You have to cancel all those subscriptions,” Castiel says, folding his arms. “Catalogues really aren’t good for the environment.”
Dean steps back, anger starting to build. What fool had decided to lock the doors? They were never locked, the castle was too well-guarded to worry about thieves. Dean scowls, kicking the door. When he finds out who did this, he’ll—
Dean turns back and looks at the pair of them in the mirror, just taking in the sight. Sam nudges him slightly.
Tears clung to Dean’s lashes. He looked up at Castiel, shattered, laid bare, his rough exterior finally split open.
They slowly start to circle around each other. Charlie doesn’t want to draw her own blade, but she keeps her hand ready. No tricks this time.
Sam stops, breathing hard. His hands are still clenched into fists, but he’s no longer fighting to push past Charlie.
The man in front of Sam drops, a small circle of red bleeding from his temple—he collapses to the ground and is still. The arm around his throat loosens—and the men around him start shouting, roughly thrown into chaos.
They all start helping themselves as Charlie and Gabriel dive into an engrossed conversation about sigils, Sam occasionally piping in. Castiel gets lost during the following argument, which surprisingly consists of a lot of quantum mechanics. Despite not needing to eat, all the angels help themselves, even Sam tentatively trying some.
A small voice of reason screams in the back of his mind—to think about Anna, Gabe, all those memories of Hell—
“You’ve been giving me the cold shoulder all day,” Sam says, throwing up his hands. “Did I do something wrong?”
He remains still, debating. But the mystery proves too strong, and Dean grabs his bow and heads toward the silent woods, swallowing his fear. He’s not a coward, and besides. They're only trees.
He kept it a tight secret. He thinks Sam might have suspected, once, but he never attempted to bring it up.
Castiel flares, and he tries to push his face away—but Dean snarls, snapping at his fingers with his teeth. Castiel seizes him again, grabbing Dean’s hair and yanking his head back, biting kisses into his neck. Dean nearly collapses, letting out a harsh whine.
Castiel cradles Dean’s face in his hand, shaking his head, opening his mouth to whisper false words of comfort.
He pulls down the heavy book from its shelf, glancing over his shoulder as he does so. Bobby’s currently downstairs, fussing with the kitchen maids about dinner, no doubt—but Dean is still wary. Bobby did not like anyone touching his precious tomes, and Dean isn’t sure how he’d explain his sudden thirst for the history of the region.
Dean clenches his jaw. He reluctantly backs away from Emmanuel, who's breathing shallowly, blood seeping into the dirt. Gabriel holds the gun on both of them, Dean raising his hands. As soon as they're far enough, Gabriel moves fast, pulling up Emmanuel like a rag doll, slinging one of his arms over his shoulder. Gabriel boosts him up onto his horse and within moments they've disappeared into the hills, the trail back to Ellen’s.
With one hand Anna seizes his throat, and with the other, she reaches into her coat and draws out a switchblade.
“I do not have time for this,” Crowley says, snatching up his papers. “The fitters will be here shortly.”
Castiel wraps his legs around Dean’s waist, digging his nails into his back and his scalp. He heaves against him, broken cries choking in his throat. Dean braces himself against the bed as he drags out of him, almost slipping out before slamming back into him, shocking Castiel and punching the breath out of him. The slide inside him is vicious and perfect and hot and Castiel doesn’t even try to kiss Dean anymore, his mouth doesn’t work—it’s all sloppy teeth and tongue, scraping over cheek and neck, the rough catch of his skin scraping his lips raw.
Bobby sees Dean, and he’s never been one to show his feelings, but the joy that lights his face is hard not to notice.
Castiel stares in awe as a vast expanse stretches out behind Dean, golden streams of light, flecked with a deep blue.
Castiel pushes himself up on trembling arms, settling back onto his heels. He peers at the darkness around him. Some dim memory of himself, some echo of who he used to be screams from a dark corner of his mind.
He pulls open the gate and sends his horse at a gallop amongst the cows, who immediately start and scatter, lowing in a dissonant chorus. Emmanuel whips his reins back and forth, herding the cows with skill, corralling them towards the gate entrance.
Dean fights. He does. But he’s exhausted and weakened and his hands are still locked together—and the two biggest men seize him easily, grabbing him by the elbows and dragging him towards what must be the foreman’s shack. The workers watch wordlessly, but none of them try to intervene.
At twelve minutes to one, they’ve managed to cobble together something halfway decent. Dean dictates and Cas types, tongue between his teeth as his eyes flick back and forth across the screen. Dean actually does break the pen this time.
“Sorry about that, Sheriff. But we couldn’t have you causin’ a fuss while we sorted things out with our friend.”
Castiel bites his lip, but then sighs, concentrating the green-gold strands into a solid disk, hovering about six inches off the ground.
He winks at Sam, who is frowning. Castiel huffs, about to make another argument, but Gabriel catches his elbow.
“I dunno, man.” The bed creaks as Sam sits, leaning back against it. “I’m a little hungover. I’m gonna need this lunch to get over it.”
“Yeah, it’s great,” Cas starts rambling. “All the proceeds go to benefit people in need, you know. Who are hungry.”
Obviously he wouldn’t sacrifice all his morals and values for some fool’s broke ass, so they’d have to have some serious cash. Smart, too, or else they’d have nothing to talk about. Sense of humor, of course. Looks would be a nice cherry on top.
Mary smiles and takes her leave, moving gracefully back to the throne. She nods to the musicians, who take up their instruments, ready to play.
Dean wraps a hand around the glass in front of him and peers at it. Looks okay, but he’s made it a habit of checking his drink in places like this. Lots of folks liked to cut their whiskey with water or something more foul to save a few dollars. Dean flicks his eyes up. Somehow he doesn’t think that would fly here.
The woman answers with a strange sound, and Dean responds—and then they’re off, happily babbling away in a language Castiel vaguely recognizes as Enochian.
“Town preacher, who’d never done a bad thing in his life. His only crime was looking a bit too much like me," he says roughly. "And Campbell gunned him down, right in the street. Because of me. Emmanuel died because of me.”
“Dean’s still your guardian, which means he can always find you,” Charlie says. “The bond would have driven you straight into the angels’ hands without that amulet,” she finishes. “Do
“He’s too oblivious,” Charlie continues, ignoring the racket behind her. “He’d make it into a big joke and Cas would be destroyed. I don’t want him to get hurt like that.”
His heart is pounding in his chest, which feels clogged, blocked—everything in him fighting and screaming at him to run,
“Your brother?” Beverly repeats, teetering in an unsteady motion. Then she shrugs, reaching for the lapels of his coat. “Well, I guess he can come too.”
Dean doesn’t answer. Instead, he stalks forward until he’s right in front of Balthazar, drawing up to his full height.
“Well, look at that,” he says, finishing his tie and clapping Sam on the back. “We do clean up nice.”
At that moment, Gabriel busts through the door, Anna following a second later. Dean doesn’t move, but his heart spikes, a sudden bright burst of hope.
Sam leaves the telegram station, a sour taste in his mouth. It’s been almost a week. If he hasn’t found Dean by now, what are the chances he ever will?
“Well. You can get the same as me,” he says tiredly, gesturing. “Or, I don’t know…um…pancakes. Can’t go wrong with pancakes.”
He’s actually surprised Dean hasn’t showed, but he supposed Anna hadn’t been in danger of dying, so the guardianship tie, or whatever you would call it, hadn’t dragged him here.
He opens the great wooden door, the charm ringing lightly out above him. Dean looks up from the till, everything around him gold and sunshine and earth.
“If you fuck with Castiel,” he pants, hands tightening around her neck. “That means you fuck with me.”
“We trick her to the spot,” Sam says quickly, his eyes lighting up. “And force her into the pit. Maybe Alastair too—hell, the more the merrier.”
He stops himself, breathing heavily. He closes his eyes and lets the sunlight flood through him. Dean will stay here. He will calmly wait out the end of the world. For once, it will not be his fault. He will accept his fate, and finally pass into oblivion.
Castiel shakes his head, turning away. Dean holds the scrying glass tight, the brass edge cutting into his palm.
Sam watches in a sort of terrified fascination. He knows he should probably step in—knows he should probably tell Ruby to back off—but she
The world turns. People are born, people die. Time passes, flies by really, and they’re still soldiering on. There are hunts, there are cases and crises. Anna and Castiel fight with blood on their skin and steel in their hands, countless monsters falling at their feet. But with every hunt, every new death at his hands, something in Castiel’s chest tightens further and further. He thought he’d be okay with it, with going back to this life, but now, it’s as if the veneer of goodness, of saving people, it’s been pulled back to expose the ugly truth underneath. After everything they’ve seen, it just feels like violence. And Castiel can’t stand it.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Anna says stiffly, throwing antiseptic on his wound. Castiel jerks up, hissing through his teeth.
He gestures to Desmond to follow him, who does, Benny's burly body disappearing down the passage and out of sight. For a moment, Dean stands unsure, at a loss of what to do. He glances briefly at the terrified passengers, then turns around, just to go back the way he came.
Dean ignores him and grabs his arm. Castiel hisses as his fist closes around his damaged hand. Dean sends a bolt of energy through him and the rag bursts into flame, singeing him even as his skin is healed. Castiel snatches his hand back.
“And you’ve met Cas, and we’ve been together for a while now and I’ve been thinking about the question, you know, and he’s definitely the one for me and I just can’t seem to―well, I mean, I have a ring, but it’s been, like, a year, and I don’t know why I keep dragging my feet, and I―”
—but he doesn’t look like much. An older man, with a scraggly beard and a crisp pristine button up shirt. But despite his appearance, Anna can feel his power, radiating off him in waves. It’s almost as if it’s calling to her.
“Okay, but seriously, come on.” He jerks his head, nodding over his shoulder. "You’d think we’d have all the time in the world, but turns out we run on a very tight schedule.”
He’s sitting in the kitchen, going through the filing system, logging in the new stuff, and checking the cards against his master list. Probably makes more sense to digitize them, but there’s something about writing everything down by hand.
So Dean takes out his frustration on the piano. When he stops to catch his breath, still fuming, he hears nothing more than a faint twanging through the wall.
Dean glances at Charlie’s reflection in the mirror on the wall opposite. She bites her bottom lip, tilting her head critically.
“Just a while longer, just until she says yes, and then we will kill you,” Dean seethes. “I will ask to do it myself, watch you bleed underneath my hands—and I will enjoy every second of it.”
Leave it to Charlie and Alicia to find a masked ball for them to attend. Cas pulls at the collar of his shirt, feeling the sweat already dripping down his back.
But he doesn’t. He remains motionless, and Castiel closes his eyes, inhaling deep. He briefly considers calling Anna, but the selfish part of him wrestles against it. She should be back soon.
Dean slowly removes his hat, then his coat, draping it over the back of a chair, before dragging it up to the table. Meg doesn’t say anything, but Dean doesn’t miss her eyes raking over him in an appreciative sweep. Dean can’t help his blush. His usual charm and quick wit ain't coming so easy to him at the moment—Meg has a certain brash boldness in her manner that has Dean tripping over his words.
Gabriel’s in there too, standing next to her where she’s hunched on the bed, her arms covered in bandages. They both look up at the rattle of the door, Anna paling when she sees him. Gabriel quickly moves forward, raising a hand.
“They’ll be looking for me,” she says suddenly, a steely edge to her tone. Dean quickly holds up his hands.
She presses in closer, and Castiel vainly tries to get away from the stench of blood and sulfur on her breath.
It’s more of a statement than a question. Ever since Castiel clapped those handcuffs on him, the man’s barely spoken two words, despite all Gabriel’s taunts and jabs.
Castiel comes around the side, sitting down next to Dean, like he did all those months ago. Why did he always find himself at his bedside, fearing for his life?
Castiel bolts forward, but suddenly the thing is standing there, that light burning into him. It seems like it’s coming from everywhere and nowhere, centering behind its head, shining in a hazy ring.
Bartholomew has been setting up traps for weeks, all at different times of the day. Dean’s never seen them catch anything, except for a foul-tempered squirrel and a particuarly stupid pigeon.  The cat is simply too quick, and always finds a way to rid them of their tempting treats without springing the trap itself. Charlie said she once saw Crowley sprinting across the town square trying to get the cat, but it got away. It always gets away.
Sam shakes his head and turns to Dean, who’s taken off his coat and draped it behind him, trying to fend off some of the heat. Dean peeks an eye open at him.
Dean clears his throat, cheeks flushing. Max pulls a cigarette from a tin from his coat, lighting it with the hiss of a match.
Dean brightens a little, perking up in his chair. The principal stands, crossing over to the file cabinet over in the corner.
Anna stands, shoving him back. Castiel hadn’t even realized he’d been advancing on them, his hands curled into fists.
But if to tell the truth, Dean stopped being a captive long ago. The outlaws had become his friends.
It's his favorite waterfall, nestled amongst the trees of Argentina, and so far it hasn’t been discovered, polluted or poisoned by human hands. Dean leans forward a little, staring down at where the rock disappeared, and he wonders what it would be like to follow it. To be pulled under the rushing water until he couldn’t feel anything anymore. But of course…that would be useless. Technically he didn’t need to breathe. Water couldn’t hurt him.
There's a long moment where both of them are silent, breathing quietly in the room. Sam’s limbs are heavy, his thoughts slow, but something within him feels sharp and clear. Something attuned to Ruby, sensitive to her every move, every drawn-out look.
They both disappear, but Castiel can't bring himself to care. Because Gabriel’s alive, Gabriel’s okay—
“Shit, isn’t it?” Meg screws up her face. “I know. But the bastards keep drinking it, and as long as they’re willing to pay for it…”
At that, Castiel instantly pulls back. Dean is frighteningly aware of the black cloth against his beautiful skin, how he stands out in the fire of the hall.
Gabriel’s voice drones on in the silence, and Castiel closes his eyes, trying to breathe. His heart is pounding.
Castiel spins and stalks away from them, darting toward the burnt out shell, where someone he knew had once stood—
He takes another lurching step, his body fighting him the entire way. Abaddon stands still, her hand outstretched, that vicious smile locked in place.
Castiel doesn’t remember moving forward, but he finds himself in front of Sam again, curling his fingers around his lapels.
But Castiel doesn’t let her finish. He’s down the hall and outside before he knows it, his heartbeat loud and thick in his ears.
A lesser spellworker would need a continuous connection to their soul for the spell to last, meaning a constant drain on energy. Castiel is confident he can construct the spell so that the charm draws its strength from the greenhouse’s own life force, channelling and flowing the energy back into itself in a self-sustaining web.
Castiel lifts his head dazedly. He can see Michael, terrible and huge before them, the three men desperately fighting a losing battle.
Her sharp eyes scan the canyon behind Dean, looking for anything else suspicious. When she finds nothing, she finally turns her horse’s head, calling over her shoulder.
“I don’t even believe in this crap in the first place. But Eileen sure as hell does, so you better let me know right now if you feel the same way.”
Gabriel is grinning, ear to ear. He’s always like this before a robbery, giddy with the thrill and danger of what they’re about to do. Castiel chuckles.
He turns back to his book, and so he doesn’t see when Anna points up to the sky, mouthing something, perhaps to an angel.
He doesn’t know how long he drives, but eventually, he finds the right place, pulling into a quiet suburb at a dark hour, driving through the silent streets. He knows it’s been years, more than twenty years since he had been here last, but—
There was one night, one perfectly easy night, when Dean had sat with him on the back of the Impala, not too far off from the graveyard, looking up at the stars. He had asked him about his mother. And Castiel had told him.
Castiel stares at her for a moment, but then stalks over to the chair by the doorway, throwing himself down with such force that the legs scrape across the floor. He crosses his arms, glowering at the two of them.
But he never gets the chance. There’s a great hissing sound, and one of the men yells, something heavy hitting the ground.
“We know Emmanuel’s been here and here,” she says, indicating the two cities where the bodies were found. “And the Western Pacific has a depot in Ouray, near Clayton.” She runs her tongue over her teeth. “I say we head there tomorrow.”
Dean proceeds to rub in the aloe into Cas’s skin, which is a truly impressive shade of lobster red. Dean knows from experience that once it heals, Cas will just get an even more mouth-watering shade of tan. Whereas when Dean gets a sunburn, he gets ridiculously red and then turns into one giant freckle.
Castiel had tried to apologize again as he was leaving, but Anna just slammed the door in his face. So he's in a pretty foul mood, definitely not helped by the morning traffic. His temper is already running hot these days, and on top of everything else, he's goddamn starving.
Sam taps something else on his tablet, not even protesting when Dean nudges his feet back off the couch.
The tension drains from Dean’s shoulders, and he drops his head to stare at the ground, breath spiraling silver in a long slow exhale.
Castiel moves gracefully in his arms, his eyes just as concentrated on the crowd as they are on Dean.
He does. Oh, he does. He had been bubbling with curiosity this whole time, but he had restrained himself, out of respect.
She squints at the pair of them for a minute, debating. Dean chances a weak smile. Cas seems pretty unfazed, like always.
weird,” he stresses, with a glance to Sam. “A decent mix of arugula and spinach and iceberg, thank you.”
The sun beats down, hot and unforgiving. Dean can feel sweat dripping down his temple, see it rolling off and falling to the dirt under him, as the horse plods on, and on, and on.
There's an angel in his bed, and Castiel doesn't know what to do. He rubs his forehead as he eyes the sigil on the wall, thinking.
Castiel looks up, into the unknown man’s eyes. They’re staring at him, anxiously trying to gauge his reaction.
They’re camped right on the road, and Dean can’t risk crashing through the underbrush to go around—it’d make too much noise, and he’d be discovered for sure.
He stops dead when he sees his gun—or the remnants of it. It’s barely anything but a twisted scrap of metal, the barrel bent at a crooked angle and the handle lying in pieces. Dean had done that with a simple brush of fingers.
He hands it to Dean, who places it carefully, then takes Castiel’s hand before they head back upstairs.
Then, behind her, the door bangs open—Gabriel and Anna both raise their guns, but Naomi doesn’t even bother turning around.
Zeke’s squaring up at the register when his phone starts buzzing in his pocket. He slides it out, squinting at the number.
There's plentiful food and drink, most people sitting at the long tables outside, becoming gayer and more boisterous with every cup of ale. Dean hardly touched his dinner, a strange dish of pickled squid—but here he finds all his favorites—roast potatoes and good mutton, great loaves of black bread with creamy butter and honey, and the two of them sit at the corner of a table with a few of Benny's men-at-arms, and they eat until Dean feels like he’s bursting. The minstrels play and the men sing, dogs barking happily around their ankles as they toast their glasses to the health of the prince and the gaiety of the kingdom.
He stops abruptly, seeing the outline of people peering curiously at their window in the door. He quiets, clenching his fists until the shadowy figures shake themselves and keep moving, and they’re alone again.
No one’s caught Cat, he’s certain of it—he’d have heard about it already if that were the case. Yet Dean catches himself constantly checking the back door, biting back disappointment when he wakes up to see the dishes outside untouched.
“You seem to be extremely invested in romance for someone who’s sworn off love.” He looks over to Sam. “You didn’t get this dumbass gene, right?”
She grabs him, flipping him quickly, slamming him to his back. She jams the knife to his neck, eyes burning with fire.
"Neither of us want anymore to die. Our numbers are thin as it is." He shoots a look at Dean, who's glaring at the angels across from him, poised to fight.
Dean grabs his arm, staring at him. Castiel squirms, wants to shy away from those eyes, but Dean’s grip is firm.
They’re in a lavishly furnished room, dark green walls and a soft glow of light. Abaddon leans back leisurely against an ornate table, picking up a golden bowl full of red fruit.
“I wish you the best of luck, boys,” he says, wiping his hands. “Killing an archangel is no cakewalk.”
Marv panics and dodges, cutting to his left, his hat falling off in the process. Dean turns his horse’s head, trying to corner the man.
His voice breaks, and Castiel seizes, his mind flashing briefly back to Hell before he remembers Dean in his arms. His heart slows, but his throat remains choked. The grim reminder of that place still sat in his soul, but every day the horrors were slowly fading away, memories of fire and blood replaced by sunlight and skin, Dean’s green eyes and his honey laugh.
Dean sets about to finish getting ready, suddenly self-conscious.  His hair is still wet, but it’s not sitting right, and he doesn’t understand half of the moose’s various hair products. He quickly pulls on his pants and deems his outfit acceptable. He runs another nervous hand through his hair. Cas is going to be at lunch—but Dean can’t act any different. He will not tease him, screw you, Sam—he’s not that kind of asshole. He will be….civil.
He curses himself, shaking his head. Too much time in the sun, not enough water. Anna’ll have his head if she finds out. And Castiel’s got enough on his plate—he doesn’t need her extra worry on his conscious.
No cities, no towns. Sam can’t see anything for miles. But there is a semblance of what looks like a continuation of the trail, leading west, then north.
The leftover angels back away slowly, shooting each other terrified looks. One by one they disappear, once they realize their leader is truly gone, and that the fight is over. The beginning of the end of the world.
Dean shoves his hand off, glaring at him. The outlaw just tips his hat, turning away. Dean stubbornly refuses to move as the rest of them saddle up, pulling themselves up onto their horses. Dean's horse tosses her head nervously, almost as if she’s as bewildered by all of this as he is.
“Dean is tired, I know,” Mary says quickly. “This week has been long, and I hope you’ll excuse him.”
“Assyrian?” He asks, glancing at him. Castiel nods. Dean smiles approvingly before turning back to the wall. “Nice one.”
Anna slips a hand to the angel blade in her pocket. She had been considering sparing the angel, but if she keeps this up…
The procession inches forward, painfully slow. Cain, Chief Military Strategist, is next, then Billie, and Linda Tran. Crowley, a truly despicable human being, but perhaps the most brilliant Flight Engineer Castiel’s ever worked with, passes with a slimy smile―and then, a face Castiel hasn’t seen in a long time.
He snaps his fingers, and the radio immediately switches to a strumming guitar, the beat echoing through them. Dean nods his head, tapping along on the windowsill.
But he has to be careful. People are starting to take notice—the crown prince can only sneak out so many times before people start to whisper.
Emmanuel’s piercing eyes are on him. The crowd has quieted again, the bartender squinting in the outlaw's direction. Even the woman looks surprised.
Castiel fumes, but doesn’t respond. He desperately wants to interrogate this Dean, make him spill about this ‘saving the world’ crap and all the cryptic messages he had dropped on them, but Castiel's starting to think it won’t be too long before he snaps and stabs him again.
It takes Dean a moment to process what Cas is holding. In his palm, a very similar looking velvet box.
She digs her nails into the fresh cuts and Anna screams, doubling over. Naomi seizes her chin, dragging her face up.
He wraps his fingers around the handle, but despite all his bravado, he can’t seem to bring himself to pull it open.
She disappears before Sam even has a chance to ask what that means—but he’s distracted at that moment by the appearance of Gabriel, who’s not his usual smiling self.
Castiel heads back to his room, Anna and Dean’s bickering following him down the hall. He drops his bag on his bed, heading over to the closet and sliding back the door. The weather's getting colder, and he has to dig for the object of his search, an old motorcycle jacket of his father’s. He shoves aside a couple shirts, an FBI suit or two, and—
“Cas,” Dean breathes. He touches him slowly, sliding over his shoulders, dragging up his cheek, before his fingers softly thread into Castiel’s hair. Castiel smiles, one hand coming to Dean's waist, steadying him, bringing the other to wrap around his cock.
Dean sits gently on the side of his bed, reaching out to stroke through his hair. Maybe he shouldn’t have come.
—he just needs to get away. Castiel barrels around the corner, behind some crates or boxes, he doesn’t know—he sees a flash of light, hears rough shouting—
I couldn’t save Charlie. I have to save Sam. Even if that means taking revenge against those who caused this.
“Good lord, I don’t know where it is. But—last I hear, some fellow named Crowley was gunning for it.”
“You said he came back different, right?” He paces in front of the table, the dusty light above them flickering a little. “It’s only going to get worse. Especially with Abaddon that close—”
It’s easy and casual, and Dean finds himself smiling, laughing more than he has in a while. The cold, violent man of the trail is nowhere to be found—Emmanuel is relaxed, easy-going,
The two of them bring the dishes to the table, and they all dig in, their friends happily talking and joking around them as they fill up their plates. Dean ends up opposite Cas, and he can’t help but drink in his fill, sneaking glances at him when he’s not looking, engrossed in conversation with Alicia on his right. But despite Dean's newfound lightness, it's undercut with a creeping melancholy.
Charlie sniffs, and hops up onto the slightly raised edge of rock, standing opposite Abaddon. She tucks her hands in the pockets of her jeans, shrugging.
Alastair grabs her arm and throws her, and Abaddon hits the floor, rolling out of it, whipping her head up, her eyes burning.
The fight was the same one they’d been having over and over, ever since that morning at the diner. Castiel wanted to come with him. Dean said it was too dangerous.
He gathers up Castiel’s requests quickly, painfully aware of the dirt staining his knees and sweat-soaked shirt. He just cut the lavender yesterday, and it’s relatively fresh. Dean inhales its comforting scent as he tucks everything into a bag, placing it on the counter.
He wakes up, sometime later, he’s not sure how long it’s been. He feels a hand on his hip, and Cas is behind him, lips on his neck.
They all look at Sam. He’s gone slightly pale, and he turns and promptly knocks over a chair. Dean pinches the bridge of his nose.
Sam’s always been a fall hard, move fast kinda guy, and it wouldn’t surprise Dean if he starts talking about marriage next.
She sees Max say something to both her and Alicia, but in the flashing lights she misses it. It’s been a little exhausting to have to be reading lips this entire trip, but she’s used to it. Cas and Alicia are fluent in ASL, obviously, after the time they spent learning in college after meeting Eileen, but everyone else has only a fundamental basis of the language. Gabriel tries, bless his heart, but has never really mastered it. The rest understand some basic signs, but for the most part, she’s been stuck with reading lips. A little hard to do in a dark club, though.
Castiel finishes with the final sigil, and he steps back, the walls streaked with cleaner and traces of red. He lets the rag drop from his shaking fingers. It makes no noise as it pools on the floor.
“You said he can change himself, into a bird? But what if it was not just himself, but others as well?"
Dean looks up. He doesn’t deserve this. He doesn’t deserve a soft, kind touch from this beautiful man, who’s looking at Dean like he’s something precious. His blue tie is loose around his neck, and it’s flipped backwards again. Dean aches.
Movement to his right catches his eye, and he sees Cas, marching determinedly up to the pre-poured champagne flutes. Dean turns, smiling, but Cas ignores him in favor of grabbing a flute and downing it in one go. Cas sets it down, and immediately reaches for another.
No…this isn’t right. They had sped back to the church, his father drove all night—and he and Anna had woken up to the sunrise, Dad roughly shaking them awake…
Dean huffs under his breath, struggling not to roll his eyes. He's starting to think that he'll meet every young eligible bachelorette in Daughton before the week is out.
Dean comes, wings exploding from him in a rush of gold. Castiel jerks backward in shock, nearly falling off the bed.
Castiel’s hand moves slowly through Dean’s hair, the other resting on his shoulder, fingers loosely tangled together. Dean sighs and closes his eyes.
She opens one of the trunks and pulls out one of Dean’s most hated outfits, a gaudy doublet that pinches his neck.
“I hope we’ll have some time to chat this week. I’m eager to speak to you about the family business and how you’ve been faring during your little period of rebellion.”
His gaze wanders over the shop, over the other various quiet patrons sipping their own coffee or reading, and then to the bulletin board near the door. The poster of Castiel’s cat is front and center, slightly wrinkled and faded from age, but the proclamation and the rules beneath it are unchanged as ever. Dean scowls again, and turns away.
“We just got engaged,” Castiel says, smiling at the hostess. “And this is where our first date was.”
“Such base creatures,” she murmurs, tracing the blade up to his chin. Dean fixes her with a murderous stare.
The ground beneath them rumbles and jolts, and Castiel lifts his head, inhaling unsteadily. He needs to move him, they’re not safe here—
Castiel drags his eyes up—just in time to see Alastair tackle Abaddon, and the fight starts anew, as they whirl and dance away again.
They call every hunter they know. Castiel strikes name after name off his list, getting increasingly frustrated. He throws his pen down after yet another dead end, sinking his head in his hands. He blindly fumbles for the beer bottle on the desk, draining it in one go. He sucks in a breath through his teeth, the bottle slipping from his fingers and hitting the floor. It rolls away somewhere in the darkness and stops with a soft
She turns, a smile stealing across her face as she walks across the parking lot. Zeke shakes his head as she gets closer, his arms crossed.
“This,” Dean says, turning it over in his hand, “is an angel blade. One of the few things that can kill us—well.” He shrugs. “That humans can wield.”
Dean pulls up his hood, keeping his eyes downcast, darting through the twisting streets. It wouldn’t do him any good to be recognized. He’s still shaky from his encounter with the men by the forest, and he does not wish to encounter any foe at the moment.
Dean gapes at him, unable to look away. He doesn’t even care that they’re doing this in the middle of a crowded bar, in front of his fucking brother, for god’s sake, he’s never gonna hear the end of this—but is Cas—did Cas feel the same—?
Everyone cleared out—took a back trail that Ellen knew—and out to what was hopefully safety. Dean drops his head. If they can’t stop Morgan, they’ll just be sitting ducks. They’ll carve through Emmanuel’s crew and then proceed to wipe out anyone who ever helped him.
He had to learn how to cook early, taking care of Sam and himself from such an early age, but as he’s gotten older he’s really started to master it, even growing his own vegetables in the greenhouse. He’s working on dicing up some tomatoes now, sliding them from the cutting board into the pot so they can start to cook.
The man was obviously cloudy with the drink. Dean isn’t an outlaw, he's a captive, held against his will. Sam feels inside his pocket, reassuring himself of the photograph’s safety. Martin must be mistaken.
They both grab on, Anna clinging to the back of Sam’s jacket, Gabriel’s hand in hers. They back away slowly, retreating from the angels in front of them. Charlie’s hands begin to glow blue.
Dean holds his bow at the ready, wondering again if he had made a mistake. Maybe he hadn’t really seen anything at all. Besides, what sort of person would live so far out? Dean hadn’t seen a settlement in miles—most villagers preferred to be as close to the castle as possible. Perhaps a gypsy clan? He must remember to ask Bobby tomorrow.
“I like my car,” he repeats, but it’s not unkind. He can already tell. Dean has an uncanny way of worming his way into things. Castiel loves his family, obviously—he holds an unhealthy devotion to Anna and Gabriel—but he can count the number of friends he has on one hand.
“You passed out,” Castiel answers, brushing a hand over Dean’s forehead. “The power of the bonding was much stronger than I realized it would be.”
A crack of a shot shatters the silence, causing them all to flinch. Gabriel hurries to the window, sucking in a breath.
Dean flops onto his back, staring up at the starry expanse of night above him. Dinner was the last of cans of stew they’d bought off a woman in a house in the middle of the desert. The bruising on Dean's face had healed enough that she didn’t ask questions—but Dean suspects she wouldn't have anyway, 'specially after Emmanuel tipped a healthy number of coins into her palm. Now it twists queasily in Dean's stomach, threatening to make a reappearance.
Civil. Right. Treat him like a friend. Because he can definitely do that. Dean has learned plenty from the various times they’ve been forced to hang out.
“Yes, Dean, we were all there,” snickers Charlie. But she drowns both of them in a hug, squeezing tight.
He flips his reins, and starts to pull ahead to the front again. There’s a flash of silver, and Emmanuel’s horses stumbles slightly, before abruptly stopping.
“I’m in this grimy-ass sewer with the shifter I just killed, no thanks to you," she says, wiping a bit of dirt from her forehead, her silver knife winking red in the light. Castiel sighs with relief, shaking his head.
Castiel just stares at him. Dean succeeds in getting his shoes off and tosses them aside, ignoring Castiel's confused expression.
Castiel glares back at him, breathing hard through his nose. Luke laughs softly at his furious expression, one hand coming to tap underneath Castiel’s chin.
“No one cares about you. You have nothing,” she says softly, running sharp nails down his cheek. He shudders back a cry.
“We all follow different trails,” Ruby explains, eyeing the blood on Sam's hands with distaste. “This one just happened to pan out.”
He pants hard into his ear, fingers digging into the sheets below him. Dean runs his hands up and down his back and up to his face, coaxing him, urging him on.
Sam paces anxiously. Dean is crouched down low, twisting his blade into the dirt. He doesn't blink. Just stares straight ahead, turning the blade slowly, over and over in his fingers.
Slowly, realization starts to trickle in, as Dean starts turning over every interaction between them in his mind, seeing them in this new light. Cas’s haughty aloofness, the snide comments about Dean’s love life, the dogged proclamations about being single—it was all just to hide his true feelings. Dean sits back, stunned he hadn’t seen it before.
Dean glances around, intrigued by this strange community. This Castiel is by no means the eldest, but it’s clear they all look to him.
“Falcons," she says. "They sense we are different. Usually they leave us alone, but I was separated from the rest and…”
“Really.” He twirls his fork in his fingers. “So. What am I then?” He asks, a slight smile playing around his lips.
“You know, I’m loathe to give Cas credit on anything, but he was fuckin’ right,” Gabriel growls. “Sam—god, never thought he’d be the type, but I guess he’s just like his goddamn brother.”
“Then again, I suppose I ought to thank you,” the Marshal muses, lips twisting. “Never woulda found Emmanuel if it weren't for you. And your damn brother.”
They’d been tracing Emmanuel’s path through the North. With the recent string of grisly murders, Emmanuel might as well had been leaving them a bright red trail to follow. After months of barely a whisper or a trace of the man, this was unusual, to say the least. The first was a man named Raphael, who apparently exchanged some heated words with the outlaw, and got shot simply for raising his voice. Four of the Marshal’s men captured him after that—but again, Emmanuel had somehow managed to twist out of captivity and escape, leaving all of them dead.
But before he gets the chance to speak, behind them comes the sound of fleet footsteps. They both turn in time to see Castiel burst from the trees, panicked and out of breath.
Dean wants to roll his eyes, because of course that would be Cas’s immediate choice in topic―but the plane shudders again underneath them, and Dean presses himself back against his seat, squeezing his eyes shut.
Hands find his, and then they're rising, breaking the surface and Dean gasps, gulping down air, his eyes flying open. Castiel looks alarmed, his hands finding Dean's cheeks.
Castiel pulls his gun and sends a shot towards one of the riders. He hits him in the shoulder, and the man slumps in his saddle, his horse veering off wildly to the left. Castiel jumps down the last few feet to the canyon floor, and hears a terrifying scream.
“The outlaw known as Emmanuel and his wild gang are still at large, after an escape from the Daviess county jail. Local sheriff Samuel Cox caught the notorious outlaw after the gang robbed the Daviess County Mutual Bank, his accomplices absconding with nearly seven thousand dollars,” Gabriel reads, putting on his best East Coast tone.
He shuffles off, but Emmanuel stays, frozen. He hasn’t moved since Anna stormed off. He’s staring blankly at the ground before him, his lip swelling with blood.
It’s like his skin is cracking, black spiderweb like marks running up his wrists and digging into his veins—
“I fucking want to feel you, Cas,” he hushes out. “I want to take care of you for once, I want you inside me, shit—“
A shuffle of footsteps and the stomp of boots has Dean whirling around, whipping out his pistol. The three men in the doorway freeze, the first one raising his hand.
With much wheedling and complaining, they finally get Charlie to agree to a normal game of poker, but that plan goes sideways after gross pink shot #3. Charlie bypasses the deck of cards for yet another stupid gimmicky game, which is precisely why they didn’t want these idiots throwing them a bachelor party in the first place.
“Dean, I…it’s dangerous,” he says, backing away slightly. “You shouldn't have called me, unless you have no other choice—"
“It’s only fair we ask so he can explain himself,” Cas says calmly. “Eileen didn’t give him the chance, so let’s hear it now.”
“You know it’s all your fault, right?” She hisses. “Your mother, your father, your sister—everyone around you dies!”
“Word of advice?” Dean breathes. He twists his grip, and Castiel’s blade is clattering away against the floor again.
made Castiel want to throw something, bringing back all those memories Castiel tried so hard to forget. It may have been two years, but everything that made the man named Dean Winchester the best part of his life is still imprinted in Castiel’s memory, like a brand.
Sammy had always been too perceptive for his own good. Dean worries his already-ragged lip, pain stinging through him. He’d always known someday the truth was going to come out, but hell if he’s doing it in a room full of outlaws.
“I haven’t been idle down below, Alastair,” Abaddon snarls, raising her blade. “I have power you can never dream of.”
Mary hefts the bow, smoothing her hands over the wood. She holds it up, as if to aim, pulling back the string, one eye sliding closed.
He struggles to push himself up, gasping. Bela is standing over him, a triumphant smile curling her lips.
“You’ve never been one to roll over and accept your fate. The angel I knew would never sit something like this out. You
“Then join me,” she whispers harshly. “We’re fighting for the same thing, brother. We can rebuild it together.”
He moves with methodical precision, spray-painting a huge trap to cover the whole intersection, triple checking every sigil. When he’s satisfied, he chucks the paint can aside, and heads back to the car. He quickly dumps everything in a small metal tin, and heads to the middle of the road. His hands are clumsy, shaking as he digs a shallow hole to stick the container in. He sets it down and is about to cover it back up, when he curses.
“Yeah, well.” He sticks his hands in his pockets, walking over to the messy desk. “You caught up soon enough.”
“It was my idea,” she repeats slowly. “And okay, yeah, I lost control for a minute, but Cas—come on—“
Castiel falls back, arching against the mattress. He wants to shrink away from it—so good it was almost painful, hot wet heat surrounding him and pulling him up and under and—
He doesn’t see it at first, but then again, there—movement across the lake. Dean frowns, moving closer. Just around the curve of the lake, on the other side of the wood, someone all in white, disappearing into the trees.
Two grab his arms, and Castiel tries to fight. But one socks him in the gut, the other seizing him and slamming his head against the wall.
Anna's voice is thick in his ears, not the play screams of their childhood—this is real—raw, vivid pain—and Castiel can't handle it.
“Don’t even get this one started on levitating spells,” Dean says around a mouthful of toast. “When he was five he jumped off the shed—”
Castiel laughs a little, closing the door to the bathroom. He turns and sinks his back against the wood, shaking his head.
“I’m only stuck in this hellhole of an earth until Alastair brings Paradise,” he says ruthlessly. Castiel shakes his head.
Dean turns, moving back to his mother and Castiel, who is laughing at some comment of Mary’s. His laughter is light, silvery, his head tilted back, exposing the long line of his neck.
Back at the station, the other two are packing away the last of their loot in their saddlebags, attaching a few to Dean’s horse’s saddle. Dean holds the blade flat in between his hands, exhaling. This ain’t going to be easy.
Charlie hauls him up—shoving Castiel back as she’s tackled by a demon, its eyes black and mouth snarling. She twists, screaming at him.
“C’mon, you,” Gabriel says gruffly, jerking Dean up by his collar. Dean doesn’t fight him again, but he doesn’t make it easy for him either. He’s roughly manhandled over to his horse, boosted up and slung over the back like a sack of potatoes. This time they take care to tie him tight, strapping him down. The woman rides up next to Dean, her gun cocked and ready. She glares at him, but says nothing.
The trail is mostly dirt and sand for a couple miles, but once he hits the rockier parts Dean is forced to slow. The moon lights the way, but there are clouds—when they cover her up, it gets black as pitch. Dean curses, but he’s unwilling to push his horse any faster—it’s not worth the risk. If she throws a shoe on an upturned rock, then Dean will be stuck out here—and Butler will get away. Better to take it slow and steady, and ride hard when the sun comes up. Besides, the thief is probably dealing with the same thing, and Dean doubts he’s as skilled of a horseman. He had the look about him. Soft, East Coast, probably hasn’t been in the West too long. Hence the stealing.
Sam? There's gotta be a way to get a message out. He’ll...he'll ask Ellen, soon as he can. She seems like a smart woman, and she knows the way things work around here. She’ll find a way for him to contact Sam.
For a moment, Gabriel doesn’t move. He glances briefly back at Anna, his eyes narrowed. She gives a tiny nod.
He cradles Castiel’s face, gaze locked on his. There’s a sweet desperation in Dean's eyes, like he can’t believe this is real, that Castiel is real.
Something could have happened. Dean may have gotten lost. Something might’ve happened to his horse. Or maybe he did catch up with the thief, but the man had somehow managed to get the upper hand on Dean. The possibilities are endless.
He waves a hand in front of his face, turning it over and staring at his palm, like it holds the secrets of the universe.
Castiel mutters an apology and quickly pulls his chair around to look at Anna’s laptop, but he can still feel Gabe’s eyes boring into him. Castiel tries to focus on the screen, but eventually sits back, raising his hands.
They find a place in town, not too far from the motel, and the three of them traipse into the too-bright store, bewildered by the display and endless variety of options. Anna sensibly suggests they just ask for help, but Castiel stubbornly insists he can figure it out himself, waving off every employee who cheerfully tries to bother them.
“Um, yeah,” Dean blurts, wiping his sweaty palms again, simultaneously cursing himself while also wondering how the hell Castiel friggin’ Novak knows his name.
Michael’s voice is a rasping hiss, his clicking teeth pointed and sharp. His eyes are still human—but unnaturally round, unblinking, yellow and cruel.
“I want to make you happy,” he confesses softly. “And I wanna keep doing that every day, for the rest of our lives.”
thanks for sticking with me, y'all. As a reward for being so patient, I'll try to upload the next chapter in maybe two or three days :)
The next morning, Dean brings Cas his coffee. He’s up, but hasn’t got out of bed, doodling in his sketchbook.
“The way those two have been acting the past couple of days, there’s no way it’s not going to happen tonight,” she says happily.
Mary is resplendent, dressed in an elegant dark blue gown, curls loosely skimming her shoulders. A fine circlet of wrought silver on her brow marks her as queen—but Dean still only sees his mother, bright and beautiful.
“He ruined what I thought it meant,” he says softly. “Helping people. Hunting the bad ones. Turns out most things aren’t so black and white.”
Castiel swallows, reaching up to grab the hem of Dean's jeans. He drags them down slowly, almost reverently, until Dean can step out of them, impatiently kicking them aside. Castiel pulls him back close, one hand coming to rest on the small of Dean's back, and he presses a tentative kiss his hipbone, nosing at the skin there.
Dean’s voice hangs eerily over them, the flickering shadows of the fire dancing on the wall. Castiel catches a glimpse of his face, but it’s unreadable.
There's a great cloud of white smoke— billowing from the gaping hole that was once the side of the train car. Emmanuel grips Dean’s arm, pulling him up.
It’s magnificent, the largest lake Dean’s ever seen—he cannot see the shore on the other side, only darkness. The woods stretch the whole length of it, trees silently keeping vigil on the shore.
Dean jerks his head briefly to indicate the wall behind him. Castiel glances over, seeing the sigil marked there, in something that looks horribly like blood.
There’s such raw emotion in his voice that Castiel’s carefully constructed facade slips, just for a moment. He’s been playing the role for so long, of the cold, aloof, outlaw—and confronted with Winchester's initial derision, Castiel had no trouble maintaining the charade. But this honesty unsettles him, and makes Castiel realize that perhaps he had the sheriff pegged wrong.
Sam narrows his eyes. Dean’s never been entirely above the law, he’d had to steal more than once to keep them alive, after leaving Kansas—but the whole reason he became a sheriff was to stop men like Emmanuel. Dean’s never been one to sacrifice his morals.
Castiel sighs, content for the moment. But then he looks up to see Dean staring again, and his sour mood comes right back.
The second Dean passes through, it’s like the very air around him changes, thick and charged with power. Even the ground beneath him responds, leaves whispering over the grass.
Something akin to relief floods through Dean, followed instantly by the hot sting of anger. He knows that rough voice.
Now it’s well past noon, and they’ve gotten no closer to deciding on a plan then when they woke this morning. Dean takes his hat off, holding it loosely as he drags one hand through his hair and over his neck. His nape is raw and hot from the sun, tingling as he runs his fingers over the skin. His wrists have healed, but he keeps the linen in place to prevent the manacles from opening the wounds again.
Dean, sitting in Charlie’s chair, finally getting the Vonnegut tattoo he’d been talking about for months. Castiel overheard the ‘husband’ comment, and of course he couldn’t pass up the opportunity to tease Dean.
Castiel turns, desperately searching over where Sam was thrown—and finally spots him through the darkness, sitting up, slowly regaining consciousness.
He abandons the car and moves silently towards the side path, his heart thudding against his ribs, blood pounding in his ears—but he is not afraid. He’s strangely calm, even as his body tenses up for the fight.
“They’re coming,” he breathes. He turns back to Castiel, hands finding his face. “Cas we—we have to go—we have to get out of here—"
“You need to calm down,” he says. “You know Anna’s got the power. If this works, we’ll finally find the blade, and we’ll have the angels back at our side, and we’ll be one step closer—“
Cas rolls over and Dean throws an arm over him, both of them pressing in close, legs tangling together. Cas kisses Dean again before settling into his arms, making a vague attempt to clean up as he throws the sheets from the bed. They don’t need them anyway.
He drops the shovel into the soft dirt, propping it up as he fiddles with the door to the shed. He gets all his tools away and makes it to the church by the time dusk is starting to fall. He locks the door behind him, and coughs, rubbing his chest. His lungs have been giving him trouble again.
He rounds the corner and nearly breaks his neck as he whips back out of sight. Sam and Dean are arguing, their voices carrying in the late afternoon air. He’s pretty sure they didn’t see him—
He finally gets to the corner of the graveyard that not many people know, where the statues are thick, and no one will see him.
Anna props her elbow up on the counter, watching as Dean tears off half the burrito and stuffs it in his mouth.
He feels a pang at the thought of his little brother. Dean wonders if Sam's back at Creede, trying to find out what happened to Dean. He's sure he got an earful from Pam. Dean almost smiles at the thought.
"It’s foolproof—we have the blade, we open the portal—we can force Abaddon back in. No apocalypse, no nothing. The whole plan short circuits!”
Dean raises his arm and Castiel holds his breath, squeezing Anna's hand. He wants to run, but he knows it's useless.
Dean is numb. In shock. He hears Charlie’s words, but they seem to float outside of him, like ghosts. This isn’t real. This can’t be real.
“There’s nothing but flat desert between here and Galena,” Emmanuel says. “If Morgan is really that close behind us, they’ll be no losing him out on the plain.”
And Castiel doesn’t know if he should, but he lifts a hand, touching his cheek. The man raises his head, and in that moment, all of Castiel’s doubts fade away, the not-so-strange stranger in front of him melting into the touch, feeling like home.
Dean’s patient enough to answer some of his questions, the typical hunter things—of course Zeke asks about angels’ weaknesses—and Dean answers as truthfully as he can, tactfully being vague about everything else. Eventually Dean starts to shift in his seat (Anna expects it has something to do with him finishing his last burrito), and stands, politely excusing the pair of them and grabbing Anna’s arm, disappearing before Zeke has a chance to respond.
Dean turns a corner, his heart leaping when he sees a rough shape up ahead, still hidden in darkness. As he gets closer, he realizes it’s only an abandoned cabin, but it tells him that he must be on the right path. Dean nudges his horse’s sides, urging her forward, and the rock wall next to his head explodes.
Dean shifts, a dull throbbing shooting through his head. He groans, reaching up to check the damage.
“That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you,” Charlie says urgently. “I hurt Abaddon pretty bad, and I thought it would’ve stopped her for longer, but she recovered faster than I did—”
“Don’t worry.” Emmanuel shuffles the cards between his hands, flipping so fast they’re nothing more than blur. “I’ll wrestle that name out of you eventually.”
He glances around. His new room is much larger than the one he had back home, spacious and richly furnished. They told him this had been a spare room during his uncle’s reign, but in Dean's opinion, it’s lavish enough for a king. The featherbed takes up nearly half the room, and he has a dresser, as well as his own pitcher and washbasin. A faded tapestry embroidered with a coat of arms lines one wall, a large window set in the other. The afternoon sun streams in, and Dean can see out, all the way to the forest and the lake beyond.
He sinks to his knees against one of his favorite monuments. A woman. Not crying, like so many of the figures adorning the graves. No. This one is kind, her face graced with a beautiful smile, and Castiel drops, collapsing at her feet.
With Dean and Sam's heightened senses, they find it in no time, 'it' turning out to be a ghoul, and apparently two of them—and they finally get on their trail, chasing them both into some shipping yards.
Dean’s hands are scrabbling, at Emmanuel’s shirt, his coat, trying desperately to find something to hold onto. Emmanuel lets Dean go to attack the rest of him, knocking Dean’s hands away to find the buckle of his gun belt. He fumbles with it for a few seconds before getting it loose and tossing it to the canyon floor, his eyes fixed on Dean’s.
Dean spies Charlie at the bar, and pushes his way through the crowd to get up next to her. She turns when he sidles up next to her, her expression pinching slightly.
Castiel pushes himself up with the last of his strength—his shoulder screams with pain as he seizes Gordon's arm, shoving the blade into his back.
Castiel’s fist slams into its nose. The demon cries out in pain—and Castiel rips it from its chair, slamming it to the ground, his vision hazed over red.
There’s scribbles, sketches, various doodles all over the page. Eyes, Charlie, the beach and the waves crashing on the show. There’s even a sketch of Baby.
“But I didn’t!” Dean snaps. They don’t have fucking time for this, Emmanuel could be bleeding out in the next room—
Castiel shakes his head, trying to process all the information. Anna is quiet by his side, looking almost dazed. Sam pulls open the door.
Castiel looks up. To his eternal embarrassment, the camera’s still on him, the entire arena in hysterics at this point. But there is also Green Eyes, staring at him intently.
>I had hoped we would find time to talk in person but this will have to do. I apologize for contacting you like this, but I would like to express my concerns about one of your party.
A bright light pierces Castiel’s eyes, and he sees a dark figure striding towards them, silhouetted against the glare. He spins, to yell a warning—but Gabriel is unconscious, lying on the ground, completely still.
She’s dancing with a few other women, but he sees the way she’s giving looks to the men around her. Mick approaches quickly, taking her arm.
“Get off me,” he hisses, pulling out his angel blade. She snarls, jerking back and disappearing in a flash.
“Y’know, I can barely hear you, Sam, you’re muttering.” Cas reaches out, and to Dean’s horror, flicks at the side of Dean’s mask. “Take that off and we’ll do a lot better.”
She’s shaking her head, her eyes wide. She seems slightly spooked, perhaps believing Dean to be taken by a spirit, or possessed by a madness.
“You may be willing to risk it, boy, but most of us aren’t. I suspect that brother of yours will tell you the same thing once you propose that fool plan of yours.”
She looks at him for a moment, but then extends an upturned palm, allowing him to drop it there. She still doesn’t say a word.
He shifts, and realizes he’s got sunglasses on his head. Those would help. He slides them on, everything now blissfully UV-covered.
His eyes finally adjust, and he finds himself glaring at the bottle sitting on his bedside table. He grabs it and quickly tips the golden liquid back, hissing as the burn hits his throat. It finally stops the whirl in his head, washing away those bloody memories.
Dean’s fingers tighten on his cheeks, and he takes a deep shuddering breath. Then, without warning, he looks up.
“I left you boys there, all alone. You had nothing, had to figure it out on your own. And I never knew what happened to you—”
Eileen is ready to move, to go and confront him, ask him what the hell is going on—when the girl wraps her arms around Sam’s neck and kisses him.
I felt for her as I did my own brothers and sisters, perhaps as strongly as I did for Sam, for Charlie.
She stops opposite Abaddon, placing herself between the humans and the archangel. Abaddon seems to recover from the surprise, her cool stillness sliding back into place.
She bunches the pillow up under her head, trying to will her mind to turn off. But it just keeps running. She probably shouldn’t have had that third cup of coffee.
The water feels like Heaven. Castiel's ear is ringing, his lip throbbing, and that’s just his face. Raphael gave him a hell of a fight, after his questions went south. He hadn’t wanted to kill the man, but when Raphael pulled a Smith & Wesson from his pocket, Castiel had no choice but to act accordingly.
Castiel walks up to the car, running a hand over the hood. It’s not new, definitely a classic, perhaps as old as the Impala. It’s a little boxy, and sticks out from the other cars in the lot like a sore thumb.
“You may have been pulled out before we were finished,” she seethes. “But that doesn’t mean your time in Hell didn’t change you.”
“Some outlaws been roughin' up drivers, near Ridgeville,” he says, huffing. “I told ‘em up at County that this is the safest route I got—but management insisted.” Frank shrugs one shoulder. “Ain’t had to use it yet.”
A small smile spreads across Luke’s face, and he turns to Dean, who has a horrified look on his face.
“Shit, yeah,” Gabriel mutters, with a glance towards Anna and Castiel. “Hael called me about those. I didn’t know what to tell her.”
He doesn’t scold her, like Cas would’ve done—he just reaches out an arm, tugging her into an embrace.
Dean looks up. Max Banes has sauntered up to him, one hand in his pocket. He leans back slightly against the tree they tied the horse to, looking at Dean.
Dean reaches out to take it, and is struck suddenly by how tired Castiel looks. He suspected it before, but up close, the man looks exhausted. There are dark circles under his eyes, and the tattoos that signal his power look almost faded, duller than usual.
Castiel purses his lips. He doesn’t seem to believe him, because he reaches out, tilting his jaw up with gentle fingers, checking him over.
Dean sinks back, glaring sourly at his plate. It’s already perfectly clear which Winchester has endeared himself to the lords and ladies of Daughton. And it definitely isn't the surly, sulking crown prince.
He stomps down the hallway, ready to give whoever it is a piece of his mind—when a name stops him in his tracks.
Dean thinks back, to all the times he had seen Castiel. He had never realized it before, but he had never chanced upon people in the woods during the day. At the time, he simply thought it his own error, but now he realizes. He had been looking for something that was impossible to see, yet Castiel had been there, the entire time.
“Had to write the speech, um—I’ll get ready now, it’ll take ten minutes tops. Won’t need to waste time on my hair, that’s for sure.”
Castiel twists, leaning out the car, one hand grabbing the side. Several riders are already at the planned stopping point, one waving a hand.
“Meg is Emmanuel’s friend,” she says, voice strangely thick. “Anyone who asks around about him usually gets dealt with. Painfully.”
Castiel pretends to busy himself with his knife until he hears the sound of wings. He smirks, turning back to see an empty room. Hmmph. At least his threats were starting to work.
“The father of that injured boy,” Abby says. “The one you spoke to for the paper. Swears it was Emmanuel he saw.”
“They’re laying down new railroad, just over that hill there,” he says, indicating the line of mountains to the east. “Someone came through and killed the foreman, and five other men, just yesterday.”
“What, you gonna shoot ‘em at this distance?” Dean glances over at the looping trail they just came up. “Anna’s not here.” He snorts. “Doubt you’d be able to shoot that far if you tried.”
"Promise me you'll get out of this," Dean whispers. "Please. Just take your sister, and go. Don’t try to save me.”
“Fine.” He holds out his hand. Elkins looks at him through beady eyes, but fishes out a grimy leather purse, pulling out a few coins and bills. He drops them into Sam’s waiting hand, and Sam thrusts the reins toward him, glad to be rid of the extra mouth to feed.
He returns quietly to Heaven, and his superiors radiate pride and happiness at his success. Castiel goes back to what he had always done before, working beside his brothers and sisters, and tries not to think of the human, with green eyes and the sun in his smile.
The glass around him starts moving, vibrating across the floor as a high-pitched whine starts—growing louder and louder until Castiel has to cover his ears—and the next row of windows start wobbling dangerously.
Luke stares down at the gun for a moment, in shock. Castiel’s instincts tell him to move, scream at him,
“He came to me, said he was an angel, and that he needed an upgrade in bodies. And in names. Whatever the hell that means.” He shakes his head. “I was never was the religious type. Hell, not even superstitious.” He rubs his forehead, his shoulders slumping. “But…he said…he said if I agreed to let him use my body, I would live forever.”
“Can’t do much good in here, honey. But I’m sure I could be…persuaded,” she finishes, dragging a finger up the edge of the angel blade.
“This—“ Gabriel says, starting to pour out the golden liquid. “Is tequila. And it’s a gift from the gods.”
"Well, I don't think you'll have to worry about hightailing it. I know Sam’s being all pissy about the other angels finding us, but you should be fine."
Charlie ignores him. Dean pulls out the dramatic whiny tone far too much for it still to have an effect on her.
Then it’s as if he’s finally realized what’s in front of him, and Dean steps back, wrinkling his nose.
Sam grabs him quickly, pinning his arms behind his back. Castiel roars and thrashes against the hold, screaming against his skin.
Castiel tries to bolt, but the demon crashes through the glass, grabbing the both of them. Castiel yells, kicking, lashing out—but the demon just laughs, striking him across the face.
“Have you forgotten who you serve?” She hisses. “A few years down on the ground and you’re ready to throw it all away—”
He strides towards the door, and nearly has a heart attack when the two flash in again, appearing right in his path. Castiel jerks back, his heart pounding.
They said they’d take him along, to meet the Marshal—but only after Sam passed Uriel’s little ‘test’.  Find the one person arrested for the train robbery, see if he had any information. Sam doesn’t understand why Uriel can’t do it his damn self.
Dean is panting, and he grabs for all he’s worth, one hand gripping Emmanuel’s sleeve. He makes the mistake of looking down, the dizzying fall below making his head spin.
“I’d ask him, but haven’t seen him around lately,” he says, trying to ignore the pang those words send through him. “And I always seem to make a complete fool of myself when I do, so.”
“I need to have a little chat with your boss,” he hisses, grabbing the flask full of salt. “So—tell me. Or you get a mouthful.”
Castiel sighs, wrapping dirtied knuckles around the familiar metal. A wave of nausea hits him and he almost doubles over, but he beats it back down, pressing a hand against the wood.
“Do not underestimate my sister,” he says. “She can, and will kill you, if you ever do a thing to hurt her.”
Michael slashes out and Dean dives—the owl’s claws digging into soft mud. He hisses, stalking after Dean, his pupils dilating.
The small band of people behind him relaxes slightly, but not one takes their eyes off Dean. They could not be more different, but all are dressed in that same ragged white cloth.
Dean’s fingers tighten involuntarily, and Castiel looks up, frowning. Dean's face is a storm of emotions Castiel can’t quite make out.
He stops to take a breath, knowing how ridiculous it sounds. Castiel glances over, but Dean has somehow squished himself nearly flat against his chair, if that’s even possible. He’s not getting any help there.
When the last one breaks, Dean nearly cries in relief and exhaustion. He glances up, allowing himself a quick moment before he pretends to wrap his wrists again. He tucks the blade away into his belt.
“We’ll just be on our way,” Cas says calmly, grabbing Dean’s arm. He smirks at him as they turn their back to her, heading off back to class.
The first time it had been Gabriel’s idea. A horrible, terrible, dangerously bad idea. But the Sheriff running things in Jackson County had fancied himself a hero, and went gunning after the three of them after he drank up his courage. He’d plain keeled off his horse without a shot from any of them, snoring at their feet. Castiel intended to just leave him there, when Gabriel got that gleam in his eye.
There’s a heavy, warm weight on his chest, and Dean shifts underneath it, trying to get comfortable.
But Anna is strong, stronger than he could ever be, helping him move towards the angels, human shadows dragging behind them.
Gabriel and Anna are right there—surrounded by flames—and he sees Charlie quickly dispatch the demon, darting away to join the fray by Sam’s side—but Castiel can’t think.
Comfort in the form of some nameless woman, someone Castiel had never bothered to ask about—who ended up dying after giving birth to a Remington bastard—now on her way to intrude upon their family and destroy their lives.
“I’m entrusting this to you, once again,” she says, stiff and formal. “You’ll give it to someone tomorrow.”
Then she strikes. Alastair tries to grab onto her, but she repels him with her grace, forcing his hands down.
Castiel’s hand reaches up, and before he’s pulled under again by the opiate, his fingers brush along Dean’s cheek.
Sam blinks his eyes, throwing a hand up to fight off the glare. He sees a pair of legs, a bandanna-covered face, and a shotgun, pointed straight at his chest.
When he doesn’t get an answer, Castiel panics, tapping the side of his face, trying to get him to move, but he’s motionless.
“You lied to us,” Castiel seethes. “And apparently threw us into the path of something even more fucked up, so I think we deserve answers.”
“Damn, I’m beat,” she says, rolling her shoulders. “You sure we can’t stay in an actual hotel for once?”
“They’d recognize me in a heartbeat,” Luke says, turning his eyes back to the gleaming windows in the darkness. “We can’t risk that.”
Castiel curses himself, dragging a hand through his mess of hair. All because he couldn't control his temper for five fuckin' seconds. Another thing to hang heavy on his conscience.
The sun is still creeping up over the horizon, bathing the vast expanse of land around them in a bloody red light. Dean follows Emmanuel up a sandy path, scrabbled into the side of the mountain. It ain't an easy climb, and Dean’s side is aching by the time they reach the top.
He barely moves at first. Both of them are breathless, so hesitant, so careful. Castiel grabs his arm as Dean starts to shallowly rock in and out, a slow rhythm that turns from new to good, to
With a sudden move, Dean removes the jacket and throws it away from him. It lands in a cool crumpling pile at their feet.
Castiel presses the heels of his hands to his eyes. How is he going to stand in front of nearly three hundred people and shake his hand? Just the mention of his
Dean can't help it—his anger flares at that, and he shoves back, making Bartholomew stumble and let him go.
“You have to help me,” he blurts. “I’m from Creede, I’m the sheriff there—I was kidnapped by a band of outlaws, they put the cuffs on me, please—”
He knows it’s a bad idea. It’s a fucking terrible idea—but it’s been festering in his mind, ever since Hael died. He’s going to find Naomi.
They were at a restaurant—a slightly more fancy one than usual, and the couple at the table next to them had been making ridiculous doe eyes at each other all night. So when the dude got on one knee and proposed, they clapped along with the rest of the audience, because, hey, why not—but
“Tell me, Dean,” he says coolly. “When you crawled out of hell, what poor soul had to take your place?”
“Hallelujah, brother," intones a voice. "We are gathered here to absolve the sinner before his final journey.”
Dean pores over the book, noting with some frustration that the name Michael is fairly common—there's no possible way he discern which one he might be. He's ready to close the text when he sees something scratched in the corner—a footnote. Tiny cramped writing, about a mysterious illness that caused the death of an entire court, including the king and queen. And after that, no ruler listed for nearly fifty years.
Dean still doesn’t move. He’s staring at Castiel's chest in a mixture of revulsion and fear and lust and Castiel doesn’t know what to think.
Castiel sags, the transfer of energy leaving him weak. It's like watching a film in reverse—Sam rises dazedly, and when he understands what has occurred, he is the one now shaking his brother’s lifeless body, agony in his voice.
Dean reaches up and Cas smiles, taking his hand. He spins around him and Dean laughs, almost imagining he can see Cas’s wings. Sometimes, privately, he thinks those wings are made of stars.
The portal is growing steadily, sending out a baking heat. The rift is messing with everything, and Castiel can feel the demons’ power on him weakening, but he is too, he can barely think—
There’s a slight ridge above his head, but it’s pitiful, and there’s a steady drip of rain on the brim of his hat. The outlaws have rigged up some sort of tent, using the outcropping of the rock, but Dean’ll be damned before he goes over and begs for a place.
Dean lays his hand on top of Castiel’s, palm up. Castiel dips two fingers into the bowl of anointing oil, golden and warm, then proceeds to mark Dean’s palms, left, then right. Forehead, the space between his brows, the curve of his clavicle.
Later that night, Castiel finds himself standing at the passenger door of the Impala, looking down at the seat.
He inhales sharply, clutching at the grass beneath his fingers. The touch grounds him, stopping the rush inside his head as memories sift back in, as if he's slowly dragging himself to the surface again.
She curls a fist, and the world starts to shake around them again, everything collapsing, falling and demons rushing forward—
They’re so close already that it’s almost nothing to lean in and bridge that short space between them, the one last distance remaining.
The man looks at Anna warily, but he finally accepts the towel, wiping away the blood from his face. He glares at Castiel briefly before turning back to Anna, his voice smooth and oily.
Cas reaches out, slowly taking his hand. Dean watches as their fingers slip together, and he breaks.
It goes quiet around the two of them, conversations stopping to watch the confrontation. Dean doesn’t have a gun either—Gabriel quickly confiscated the one he had after the robbery—and based on the look of this place, the bartender’s probably got a shotgun at his fingers, hidden just behind the bar.
They shrug back from his body, holding on to each other with a sort of desperation that one could only learn from seeing the end of the world—fumbling hands and terrified gasps as the Hell Gate beneath their feet begins to throb, opening up.
“I tried, y’know?” Dean says nastily, signaling vigorously at the bartender. “Because Charlie asked me to, and I was playing nice, I was trying to be the bigger person—and then he just comes and starts up the same shit—” He huffs. “Like what the fuck is his
Dean plays his exercises as loudly as possible, then throws in a bit of Rachmaninoff, just because he can, childishly wanting to disrupt the dude next door.
Then she slides back into Mary, Queen Regent, and the bow is a bow again, as she hands it out to him, ordinary as ever.
He bites back the pain and slides into the front seat, clumsily digging through his pack until he finds a bit of cloth. He wraps it around his hand and holds it like that on the drive home, not even bothering to pick out the shards of glass digging into his skin.
And Dean had spent the majority of the time lusting after one of the most wanted men in the west. The first few days, he knows—his thoughts had been consumed of nothing but Sam and escape. But as the days dragged on, and getting back to Creede seemed a farther and more distant dream, Sam occupied less and less of Dean's thoughts. And now—
beets?”)—and sets about making his world-famous homemade spaghetti sauce. He’s stirring the ground beef in when there’s soft footsteps behind him.
“I know you are kind,” Castiel says softly. “I know you care deeply for your family, and for your friends.” He smiles. “And I know that you’re not like the others.”
“It’s been fun testing out this vessel, but I think it’s time to get down to business,” she purrs, clasping her hands behind her back. “Perhaps I’ll kill this Crowley myself.”
“You know, you’ve got some fascinating stories about us,” he says. “Half of them even I didn’t know.”
Even trapped by the holy oil, Dean is terrifying. Castiel reaches into his jacket, pulling out the blade Dean had given him all those months ago. He clings to the handle, his fingers shaking.
She stays for a moment, just touching him. She brushes the hair back from Castiel’s face, taking a small comfort in his dry skin. He had been sweating for the past couple of hours, hot and unpredictable. Sam hadn’t been able to make heads or tails of it.
He hops up, and quickly shimmies out of his clothes, approaching the bathroom and sliding back the door into the steamy room.
He swipes his keycard, and the doors swing open, the two of them stepping inside. Dean looks around, mouth slipping open.
Castiel is sitting in the motel room, trying to keep his eyes open as he thumbs through one of his paperbacks, waiting for Anna to return. Ghosts wreaking havoc in some suburb, but he finally has a few moments to himself while she’s out getting supplies.
Despite its intimidating outer appearance, inside, it looks mostly like his own. A kitchen, a living room, simply decorated, only the occasional pentacle and bundle of herbs to indicate Castiel’s tendencies.
Charlie lowers her hand, her head dipping slightly. She takes a deep breath, then straightens, turning to face the shaking doors.
“My ring.” She reaches up, unclasping the chain around her neck. On it is a delicate golden band, and Mary holds it out to him.
Emmanuel smiles back, a soft secretive smile that makes Dean’s heart soar. It smothers the streak of guilt at abandoning the trail towards home so easily.
He flips the catch and the lighter flares to life—a sharp shock after the choking blackness. The sudden brightness burns his eyes and he almost drops it, flame licking against his skin.
The second the door is wide enough, the cat rushes in through the gap, and immediately hops up onto his table.
“You’re okay—you’re good, so good,” he mumbles. He changes his rhythm, dragging out of him agonizingly slow, and they both heave against each other, groaning.
Dean and the swan sit in silence as the forest slowly darkens around them. The second the sun disappears below the horizon, it happens.
“We think…we think it was the grace. He let it get out, without control, which is the one thing we’re told never to do.” She laughs humorlessly. “Dean never did like following rules, though.”
“Really,” Dean says, incensed. He knows his mother would say no such thing, and the fact that this man has the gall, the audacity to suggest such a thing—
Castiel sinks his head down, choking back a laugh. If things had been different, he thinks he could have liked this Dean Smith.
“I am confident in myself, I completely trust you, and I have faith that whatever pulled me from—“ He hesitates. “From…Hell…is manageable.”
Dean looks at him uneasily. Open animosity is one thing, but this intense scrutiny? It’s getting under his skin more than anything else the outlaw has done so far.
The pair of them sit down to breakfast (Sam elects to stand, as he can’t exactly occupy a chair), and Sam does indeed launch into a parade of stories, some more recent ones from school that Dean hasn’t yet heard, and a few embarrassing ones from childhood. Though he does abruptly clam up when Dean turns the tables on him and asks about someone named Eileen.
The cart rolls to a stop, and Dean lifts his head. The man they named as Morgan's successor steps up, throwing open the wooden door, beckoning to him. His deputy’s behind him, keeping his shotgun trained on Dean. Dean huffs, stepping down into the muck. The deputy prods him in the back, snarling.
The door slams open, and Gabriel walks in, his face stony. Anna stands up quickly, reaching for him.
He kisses him once, soft. Dean has to stop himself from leaning forward as they part, chasing after Castiel’s lips.
them to be at his beck and call. They're busy, after all. Dean's still 'on the run and badass', as he puts it, and Sam is doing the whole double agent thing—giving false leads to Lilith and reporting back on Heaven's actions so the Remingtons can stay one step ahead of them.
Castiel yanks the cover off the tin and digs out his wallet—crap, does he even have a picture of himself? One of his fake IDs, maybe—
“Well, some say Emmanuel’s crazy,” Gabriel replies coolly. “But for sure he ain't one thing, and that's a coward.”
His side is broken and covered in bruises by the time he finally hears it—a sharp snap inside him—and then he collapses. Almost instantly, the air around him stirs, and he struggles to push himself up, ready to face her.
They clear out, drifting upstairs, out to the barn, to their rooms to collect their things. Meg stands at the foot of the stairs, fixing Emmanuel’s collar.
Dorothy, who’s been Charlie’s girlfriend even longer than he and Cas have been dating, serves them all shots of something violently pink, and Charlie in-
Castiel moves slowly back out to the main hall, footsteps making no noise on the dusty floor. The hallway flickers with candlelight. It has to be coming from the altar. He wraps his hand around Raphael’s knife, keeping it close.
when he had thought there was nothing—when he had thought himself so worthless that he had been close to ending it all.
Castiel’s last thought before he slips under is that perhaps Winchester might have been trying to escape. Castiel realizes he doesn’t give a damn.
Breakfast is a quiet affair. Sam stirs at his porridge, not eating, just watching cream drip from the spoon.
Dean has never considered himself soft, but this is turning his stomach queasy. He refuses to leave Emmanuel’s side though, watching in a sort of horrid fascination. Gabriel looks like he might throw up.
And if there’s anyone he would reject immediately, just based on fuckin’ principle, it would be Dean Michael Winchester. The man had been a thorn in his side ever since Cas moved to take the job out in San Francisco, the baggage he’d have to suddenly deal with if he ever wanted to spend time with Alicia or Charlie. He’d tolerated it for a while, for them. But there was only so much he could take. Of the constant insults, the posturing and the bravado. One day he’d just snapped, and he and Dean had been at each other’s throats ever since.
Anna is frozen. His voice is almost hypnotizing, soft and sweet—and she tears her eyes from his, shaking her head.
The angels sit down across from them, Sam a little hesitantly, Dean practically levitating out of his chair. All four of them stare at the glasses in between them on the table.
“There’s nothing wrong with being heartfelt,” he says, determinedly not looking at Dean. “What do you want to tell her?”
But after a moment, he steps away from the door and sits at the edge of the bed, nodding towards Dean at the desk.
And then it’s his turn. Dean tried and failed to explain to Sam, but the second time, the story’s straighter in his mind, and he knows how to say it. He talks, editing selectively, leaving out most of the details of what happened between him and Emmanuel. Dean talks until the windows are darkening outside, and Ellen starts lighting candles, eerie dancing shadows flickering through the main room of the inn.
Castiel can’t help it. He grins, watching as Dean moves towards their abandoned clothes and tosses his blade down onto the pile, shrugging.
She waves him away with a grumpy hand, but takes her leave. Sam steps up, and the smile on the teller’s face decidedly vanishes.
A sharp intake of breath and a scuffle, and Castiel imagines Dean’s shoved Sam backward, if his indignant growl is anything to go by.
And that’s how their end of the school year recital ends up containing a crossover performance from one Dean Winchester and Castiel Novak, one of the first of its kind. And if during one rehearsal, unable to handle the tension any longer, Cas slams Dean against the wall and they end up making out on top of the piano, well. No one needs to know.
She doesn’t wait for Gabriel to answer, going to her own room to grab her laptop, yanking it open and pulling up the GPS tracker. She’d been practically scared to death when Dean just appeared out of nowhere—healing her with a touch, then growling some warning about Cas, before disappearing again. She’d tried to get to Gabriel, but the fucking doctor had gotten in the way—and it took her nearly three hours to get out of the hospital. And now they come back to find this.
Dean awkwardly rolls his empty glass in his hand, wishing he had found a place to deposit it. But it’s giving his hands something to do, something to focus on other than Castiel, standing barely a foot from him, in a suit and looking so fucking good.
“I’ve called this place my home for more than twenty years,” he says. “But I was a stranger here, once, too.”
“You didn’t pull any stitches, luckily,” he says, almost scolds, noting the absence of blood. “Sam said he would—”
She backs away, but there’s nowhere to go. Her back hits the wall, but still, Alastair slowly approaches her, his gaze unblinking.
“I know, crazy, right?” Charlie says loudly, edging slightly closer to the bathroom. “Especially since Cas acts like he hates him.”
“Your good brother seemed to think so,” Castiel sneers. “‘Throw him back in hell,’ I believe, was the direct quote.”
She immediately pinwheels back, sputtering. The outlaw’s hand flashes, but Dean’s already moving. He drives his horse straight for the man’s palomino, and she spooks, rearing and throwing him off. Dean whoops, turning the reins, and the other two horses scatter, scared by the commotion. Dean digs his heels into his horse’s sides, and then they’re riding, fast as they can.
She grabs his wrist, pulling his hand up towards her face so she can inspect the ring. Castiel, used to such treatment, lets her.
Sam quickly climbs on his horse, turning it to the dark shape. He kicks his heels into her sides, and the horse responds, quickly building into a run. Sam leans over the reins, the shape getting clearer by the minute. It's another horse, slowly walking on a hidden trail up the side of the hill.
Alicia grabs Cas’s hand and leads them over to a secluded booth, where a cluster of bottles and drinks await.
Sam shakily tells them about what happened in the club the night before, his breath halting and ragged.
Castiel finds his hands and twists their fingers together, pressing his arms above his head, rocking slowly. The long press of his body is weirdly firm and soft and comforting all at once, and Castiel is content to just stay like this, to have Dean in his arms forever.
Dean seizes his wrist, pulling his arms back, and Castiel is helpless—fuck, he had been reckless, so stupid to let Dean get the upper hand like that—
There’s no marker, no stone, nothing. Just upturned soil and splinters of wood poking through the wet dirt, the only indication that there was ever a body beneath that ground.
The words are still echoing around Castiel’s ears as the air in the room swirls, and Dean is gone. Castiel stares at the place the angel’s body had just been, and he exhales slowly, squeezing his eyes shut.
They glare at each other for a moment. Emmanuel drags his eyes away and gets himself up on his elbows, face twisted as he tries to get up.
Dean effortlessly slips inside Castiel again, and they both groan, nearly collapsing back on the bed. But Dean steadies himself, hiking Castiel up in his arms.
Dean pushes away from the soft furs on his bed, moving towards the dresser. Most of his things have been brought up and deposited, some still en route from Laurence—resulting in him not knowing where half his belongings are anymore—but this is something he made sure this stayed with him at all times.
Benny curses under his breath. The relief that he had shown when Dean awoke is gone, and anger replaces it, his tone sharp as knives.
Then one moment, for we had no days or nights to speak of, a spark brushed up against mine—a pinprick of soft light, demanding my attention.
Cas’s arms come to circle around him, and Dean holds on tight, pressing his face into Cas’s shoulder.
As he rides his chestnut past the outskirts of Ouray, Sam realizes he doesn’t have the lead Uriel wanted him to find. He didn’t even bother to ask the man about Emmanuel and where he might have gone.
Dean breathes a sigh, sinking back into the couch cushions. He puts the gin and tonic the guy bought him to his lips (at least there was one perk) and scans the club. No sign of Sam, or Charlie, or hell, anyone else he recognizes. He’d be glad to see anyone from their group right now.
He’s not innocent—he knows the dangers that lurk for him outside the castle walls, even more numerous now that he is considered a royal in a world that has not yet accepted him—but Dean knows how he felt in those woods.
He stands slowly, looking at the angry red mark. He gingerly touches the edges of the seared flesh, a tingle running through him. It
He pushes himself up, taking a few moments to steady himself before starting at a run forward, pulling his pistol. The train jerks and rattles underneath his feet, threatening to pitch him from the train—but Castiel runs low, keeping balance as he leaps the gap from the second car to the first. The engineer is oblivious to any danger, until there's a Colt .45 pressed against the back of his skull.
Dean shrugs. Yeah, sure, he’d rather have gone somewhere in the contiguous United States, but their Hawaii honeymoon has turned out to be pretty damn awesome.
“I’ll give you thirty seconds to explain why you’re here,” he mutters. “Or we’re walking out the door.”
“And what a shame that is,” she sneers, licking her lips. “Thought we could have been friends, Dean.” She fixes those darting eyes on him again. “Maybe even something more.”
Anna is a beautiful soul. She deserves the protection Heaven has bestowed on her, yes—but why didn’t he?
Castiel drinks enough that he starts to feel too hot in his skin, too crowded in his empty room. He stumbles out the door and tears silently down the hallway, finally bursting out into the early morning air.
Zeke drops his bottle in favor of pulling his gun. It hits the ground with a crash, spilling beer all over his shoes. He doesn’t bother to look down—instead keeping his revolver trained on the man that had appeared out of nowhere, with apparently complete disregard for the devil’s trap he’s standing on.
Meg and Emmanuel draw him into easy conversation as they continue to play, Meg's lilting laugh to his left and the heat of Emmanuel's leg just a breath away under the table—another glass and they both laugh as Dean is left penniless after only two rounds.
Bela is still standing there, her mouth opened slightly, as if she’s on the verge of saying something else. She hesitates, then speaks.
Anna silently protests the early hour by propping up her feet on the dash, solely because she knows Castiel hates it when she does that. She yawns, rubbing her eyes.
Dean glances over, peering to where Pam’s indicating. The bar is mostly empty, so it’s not hard to pick out the unfamiliar face.
“Any last words, say ‘em now,” the mayor grunts, a portly man who looks like he’d rather be anywhere else.
Emmanuel settles himself at the table, and they become a trio, drink and the deck of cards Meg removes from a carved box, the lilt of the music straining faintly from the hallway.
“Bartholomew,” he says, his voice cool, but crackling with fury. “I suggest you keep your hands to yourself.”
He stands quietly, walking over to the dirty sink. Castiel hears the water run as Dean rinses the red down the drain. He closes his eyes, turning to the pillow, breathing against the cotton. His head is still reeling. Castiel feels almost drunk, the sharp pain in his side blurring the world.
Cas laughs, gripping at the front of Dean’s shirt. He pulls him closer, kissing him again, and it quickly turns dark, heated, Cas’s hands sliding around Dean’s waist to grip at his back, one slipping under his shirt.
He walks back into the main hall, tugging at his riding gloves. He had not been idle during his ride. He knows he should find his mother, and he should apologize. He still does not know her schedule, but perhaps someone could—
Dean is still for a moment, but then starts to pick up the extra strips of bloody black cloth, his face drawn.
“Gabriel, hello,” the man says, stepping forward. “But can’t say I know the rest. Believe me, I would’ve remembered,” Mick says, eyeing Cas up and down with a smirk.
Castiel waited as long as he could, but it was barely twenty minutes after breakfast when he found himself heading to the room Gabriel had chosen to set up as his study.
It’s not that he doesn’t like Ruby. She’s brash, unafraid, and her tongue is the sharpest Sam’s known in awhile. And he’s not stupid enough to deny his attraction to her. Ever since he and Dean had moved to Creede, Sam's interactions with women had dwindled to those solely medical in nature. That first night, when Ruby had moved about his room, the both of them high off the adrenaline and the rush of the escape, Sam had rarely felt such an intense desire to touch. But he’d pushed it to the back of his mind, refusing to entertain the notion. She's going to help him find his brother. That's all.
Dean pulls back, raising an eyebrow. His cheeks are flushed pink, his hair all disheveled, and Castiel suddenly can’t remember why he isn’t kissing him.
“Hey,” he says tiredly. His eyes roam over Castiel, seeing his stillness, and down to the book in his own hands. Sam gestures towards it, his expression guilty.
Dean saunters back over to the table, smiling triumphantly, but Gabriel isn’t paying attention anymore. He’s slumped over Sam’s shoulder, and they’ve sunk back into their conversation, talking animatedly about some book, gushing about their favorite passages, Castiel doesn’t know. He isn’t really listening. The air seems slightly fuzzy, the room too warm, his tongue dry—
Dean quickly gets with the program, fingers fumbling for Castiel’s zipper, and he strips off his jeans, throwing them somewhere to the side. Dean shucks off his own worn green overshirt, and Castiel sits up, unwilling to stop kissing him for even a second. He tugs at Dean’s shirt, and Dean raises his arms, letting Castiel pull it off him. Dean’s arms come to settle around his neck and Castiel pulls him close, heat spiking through him as they finally feel skin against skin.
He pushes himself away from the bar, striding over to the man. Dean can tell the man senses his approach, but is desperately avoiding eye contact.
“What?” Dean growls, his feet slipping, barely maintaining his balance, dangling at the edge of the speeding car. Emmanuel digs his heels in, but he’s fighting a losing battle.
Cas colors, but is silent. He opens his mouth as if to say something, then closes it. He pulls the laptop towards him again, fingers poised over the keyboard.
“When you said the magic in your family skipped you…” He shakes his head, a slow smile spreading across his face. “I don’t think that’s entirely true.”
“Aye, and I’m just going to let the crown princes wander off by themselves,” he says gruffly. “I’ll stay, too.”
“We don’t just disappear for the fun of it,” Sam says coolly. “We’ve been tracking this Crowley character.”
Charlie’s other eyebrow shoots up to join the first, both disappearing into her hairline. Dean Winchester has been many things when talking about Castiel Novak—irritated, condescending, superior, even—but melancholy was definitely not one of them.
She’s frozen for a moment. But then she’s running forward, throwing her arms around his neck. Castiel collapses, hugging her back.
“Gotta say, I’m looking forward to this. Been too long since I’ve been on stakeout duty.” He smirks, tucking his hands in his pockets. “And I do love Italian food.”
Castiel sinks to his knees. Abaddon’s hand rests gently on his arm, the only thing keeping him from collapsing. There’s only a mess of green, green haze, green walls, green eyes.
He’s back across the floor, setting himself into his regular stance. Castiel slowly stands, trying to remember how to breathe.
After food and wine, Castiel leads Dean out to the floor again, joining seamlessly in with the other couples on the floor. The music is sweet and full, and they sweep across the floor, locked in each other’s embrace. Dean can’t look away from his face. He’s utterly transfixed by this dark and bewitching creature in his arms.
Dean stands and Sam follows him out to the porch, just as Garth reaches them, huffing and out of breath.
That was the one time he had weakened. When Dean had been on the verge of reaching out, wanting to touch him, smooth away the worry lines on Castiel's brow—but he remembered himself just in time. It wasn’t allowed.
But he obliges, pulling on a ratty t-shirt to finish the rest of his breakfast, Sam keeping him company at the table. They shoot the shit about nothing in particular, and it isn’t until Sam’s phone beeps that Dean realizes how late it is.
“Just...slow down, will ya?” Dean says, and there’s a hint of a laugh there, the way he always sounded when he would talk Castiel off the ledge. But now, it only ignites the rage inside him, and Castiel rips his arm from Dean’s grasp, whirling on him.
“Is this—is this how you usually finish fights?” He manages to sneer out, even though Dean’s mouth has found his own, swallowing his words.
“You and me, here. Winchester—post yourself up on that skyline. See if you can’t spot anything. And if you do, you give us the signal.”
Dean walks outside. There’s a fire pit, crackling merrily away, throwing jumping shadows over a table where there’s already a magnificent spread laid out. Cas is standing there, holding a bottle of wine and a glass, which he holds out to Dean.
Dean turns on his heel and makes his way as quickly as he can down the aisle, ignoring the whispers and the astonished passengers, the explosives held tight in his hand.
Gabriel is standing in the doorway, eyes like saucers, a look of wicked glee quickly spreading across his face.
“No, we had the hex bags—I don’t know, the thing must’ve been tailing us, we’d barely gotten into town before—“
Once he realizes where he is, he kicks the blankets off him, sliding to the floor, covered in sweat. Castiel swallows, over and over, trying to get rid of the feeling of knives and blood in his throat.
He can’t help it, his eyelids start to droop. Dean’s fingers stroke his face, feeling almost like the soft brush of feathers.
“Don’t get me wrong, Cas. We’re not exactly experts on the whole angel universe, but…. this sounds off to me.”
Sam is still, a strange smile spreading across his face. Dean drops his hand, genuine joy in his eyes.
“I never wanted any part of that fight,” she says, walking forward, raising her hands. “You know that, Abby. I told you—“
He feels exhausted, emotionally drained—but strangely, better for it, like the last remnants of poison have been sucked from a wound, and now he’s ready to move on.
Before they head out, Dean remembers to give Anna and Gabriel their own rib accessories, which he does, tactlessly, without warning—and Gabriel decides to test out his newfound health by chasing Dean across the parking lot.
“Unless it's not scheduled,” Emmanuel says. His cool eyes track the coach's trail, a gloved hand pushing back his long black coat, resting on his pistol.
“Probably in a ditch somewhere,” Cas says idly, turning over his cone, sizing up where to take his next bite. Because of course Cas is one of those weirdos that
Castiel’s face cracks out into a harsh smile. Of course he’s there. He’s here, hiding somewhere in the rubble. Dean’s just messing with him. Of course. Like he always does.
His room had been dark before, but now Castiel sees it—silver light, jumping blue streaks searing around the edges of his vision as they heat up, as they burn hotter. And Dean is panting in his ear—his words gone—there’s only feeling now. The tickle of his hair against Castiel’s neck, the sharp prick of Dean's fingernails digging into his skin, and that fire pooling low in his belly.
it, reveling in the rage and hate as he takes his vengeance upon those brought before him. There’s iron and metal, heat and grime, nails that he twists deeper into their skin—punctures, pierces, burns.
“Looks like you boys’re popular,” he says. Dean huffs, pushing himself up from the ground, dusting off his breeches.
Dean watches him, breathless. He knows he should probably feel betrayed, feel like his trust has been violated—but he doesn’t.
Gabriel grins, turning on his heel towards the inn doors. He pushes them aside, stepping boldly into the room. He tips up his hat, puts on his best smile, clearing his throat loudly.
Charlie flashes to Sam’s side, whispering something. Sam is still, the tears on his cheeks drying silently. He nods stiffly.
“I’m Dean, and this is my brother, Sam. He’s going to try and be civil. Right?” He asks, glaring at him. The tall one merely looks away.
They set out a short while later, setting off for the forest. Despite the nobles' distaste for the sport, the men of the castle took no offense to the idea, and readily volunteered to join the hunting party. As he rides, Dean feels himself leaving the castle behind—not just the bricks and mortar, but all the stress and worry along with it. It's stripped away and he's free. Dean decides he does not care what anyone in Daughton says—hunting is his legacy, passed down to him from a long line, and it's what he loves, more than anything. Riding with the wind through the dark, only your bow and your wits, matched up against the dark wild of the forest—
She rolls her eyes, but sits back, pulling on her gloves. The buzz of the tattoo machine starts, and Dean turns back to his folded arms, leaning his cheek on his elbow. When Charlie presses down with the first sting of the needle, Dean barely tenses, letting out a slow breath.
He stands, pushing his way through the crowd. He didn’t ask for permission, but neither Anna nor Gabriel stop him. Hell—he’s helped them rob a train. If they still don’t trust him at this point, Dean’s not sure what else he can do.
He takes a breath, looking Dean over—his dirt-splattered clothing, weary eyes, the tanned lines on his face.
Below them, the Great Hall shines, dripping in gold and finery. The high vaulted ceilings echo with laughter and music, the thick stone walls keeping the cold at bay. Servants whirl past, trays laden with food—roast duck and potatoes, vegetables, hearty soups with trenchers of bread—and a haunch of venison for every table. The air is rich and smells of spice and perfume—a heady brew that makes the mind swirl.
Dean briefly considers pulling his gun and firing a warning shot, but with the way the man is dartin’ back and forth, he might actually hit him.
“People are starting to talk. This behavior cannot continue. It is unacceptable for a man your age, for a man of your standing—“
“Sorry for the hasty exit,” Sam says. “But a cluster of demons was descending on the spot, and with Dean—“
“You’re damn right I'm angry,” he mutters. “And I don’t care about any half-assed apology you have for me, not now. Too little, too late.”
She peers through the haze of red, breathing hard. Lilith is calmly wiping her blade, not looking at her.
Someone pushes past Castiel behind him and he’s pressed up closer to Dean, who catches his elbow to steady him. He doesn’t need it, he’s not
Dean crosses his legs up underneath him and sits back, watching as Castiel pulls his shirt back on. He idly flips the blade in the air, tilting his head.
He tells the clerk what he wants and puts a few bills down on the counter, fighting the itch to light a cigarette.
gets lost as Dean kisses him again, even though the camera has long since moved on at this point. And despite the exaggerated gagging noises coming from what (Castiel later learns) is Dean’s brother, the rest of the night turns out to be one of the best of his life.
Gabriel gives Dean a rude gesture without looking up from the book. Emmanuel snorts, turning back to the glass and picking up the razor. He’s lucky he has the smell of the shaving soap to drown out Gabriel. Dean’s sure he ain’t smelling like a rose, neither. It’s been days since the lake, and nothing near what they need after their time on the trail. Dean supposes it’s too much to hope Miss Tasha’s hospitality extends to letting them use her tub.
Max and Alicia find them, Alicia locking her arms around Cas’s middle. Her hair is done up and elegantly adorned with silver ribbons, a pair of sparkling fairy wings on her back. When it comes to Max’s costume, he clearly didn’t bother too much with fabric. He’s got a firefighter’s helmet on and not much else.
When they first came to Creede, there had been barely enough people to actually warrant a sheriff. But as the number of people staggering from Pam’s bar grew, the people started talking about how it might be nice to have someone official-like to deal with them. In the void of anyone else, Dean got the job.
Like a knife, he remembers Sam, and Eileen—It twists his gut and punctures his happiness, causing him to abruptly pull back. Cas frowns.
For the barest, briefest moment, their fingers touch. Then Emmanuel is out of reach again, as mysterious as ever. Dean looks at the gun for a moment longer, then tucks it into the empty holster on his belt.
“One of the runes of the spell somehow was scratched off,” Castiel explains, pointing. “That allowed the djinn inside to escape.”
Dean’s not lying. He may not have inherited his mother’s magic, but he can still sense things. This is no ordinary cat.
Dean drops down in the corner, taking off his hat. Water is dripping everywhere, from his hair, clumped in his eyelashes, running down the side of his face. He might as well have taken a bath, he’s so thoroughly soaked.
Perhaps she’s remembering the time Gabriel tried to make breakfast for them and nearly singed off his eyebrows. Dean certainly does.
John and Mary Winchester. He recognizes their faces immediately. They are very important in his Father’s plan; and their names are etched into every angel’s brain. The man is holding what Castiel knows to be his son, the firstborn. And he also knows the great tragedy that will soon tear this family apart.
