"If you wanted pups, if they would have made you happy, then I wouldn't have been able to deny you them, but if you didn't want pups, I wanted to know so that I could take steps to prevent that from happening." John nuzzled against Sherlock's skin, an impulsive gesture by now. "And I want you to stay because I like you, and I would miss you if you were gone, but, of course, I won't force you to stay."
Sherlock blinked, looking at John. He was more perceptive than he thought. He knew he was thinking about pups.
Sherlock ate a few bites of his food, taking up a bread stick and biting into it. "You can have my wine, John," he murmured, knowing that he shouldn't have any himself.
"Mycroft's the government!" he said. "He brought me back to life, giving me an alibi! Cover stories all of it and you think he can't stop this?" he said, pulling away from John, looking at him, not realizing his face was wet. "You're just going to give up and leave!?" he said.
Sherlock nodded a little. "Alright," he said quietly. He licked his lips a little. "I'm sorry, but that's nice... the flowers," he murmured. He looked over at the sweet wrapper on the counter. "Can I ask about the chocolate?" he asked.
"They're going to take you in for surgery and fix the hole in your stomach," John explained, squeezing the pale hand reassuringly. "I'm also going to ask them to put some nutrients in you to help jump start your metabolism."
Lestrade nodded, standing and gesturing out the door for them to follow.
"No," John whispered, continuing to gently comb through the boy's dirty dark hair. "I insist that it was yesterday. You blacked out a couple of times."
Sherlock opened his eyes a crack, the room around him slowly coming into focus. He blinked, dragging his gaze over to see John there.
"Fevers are caused by infections," John recited, seeing where Sherlock's line of thought was going as he pulled on his jacket and forced Sherlock into his own. He took Sherlock's hand again and pulled him down to the pavement, quickly hailing a cab. "The question is just
"I never wanted to leave them..." he said quietly. "I didn't... I hated myself, but..." he shook his head; he couldn't tell her everything. Even nine months later, he hadn't told John everything. The story of Victor Trevor had been enough, and John had memorised his scars by now. "I'm sorry I did that to him," he said quietly.
Sighing heavily, John dog-eared his page and crossed into the bedroom, sitting down on his side of the bed with his shoulders leaning back against the headboard. Setting the book in his lap, he continued reading, carding his fingers through Sherlock's hair where he lay beside him.
Sherlock looked at John, holding his face gently. "Okay, we'll wait then..." he said, thinking.
Sherlock nodded, letting out a breath and feeling his ears warm slightly, especially when he glanced up and saw the two women smiling at them.
John gave a small huff of a chuckle, ruffling Sherlock's hair a little. "Oh, you're simply hilarious," he murmured, pressing a kiss to his forehead. "Get some sleep, love," he whispered, feeling exhaustion pulling at him. "We've got all day tomorrow to talk."
John blinked a few times before he realised that of course Sherlock would have dyed his hair. He was glad he hadn't seen it - it would have only upset him. "I'm glad it's back to this, too," he said, combing through it before he stood. "Finish that roll, and then I want you back in bed," he said, sounding more like a doctor than he had meant to.
John let out a low hum, carding his fingers through Sherlock's hair and arching up a little. "God, I love you too," he murmured, running his hands down Sherlock's neck to his shoulders. "You gunna ride me this time?" he asked with a smirk, his eyes sparkling as he looked up at Sherlock.
Sherlock huffed, a small pout forming on his lips. He swallowed, letting out a breath as he nodded. He in no way agreed with John, and would still try to get John somewhere where he was statistically less likely to get hurt. He winced a little as his stomach churned, morning sickness striking again, combined with his full stomach. He pulled away and dashed to the bathroom, heaving his food into the toilet with a groan.
"Uhm..." John paused to think about Sherlock's question, taking quick stock of himself while he continued smiling down at Kat and occasionally tickling her. "A bit drowsy but really alert at the same time, like I didn't get quite enough sleep but tipped back an entire pot of coffee on my own. I feel a bit... unsteady," he said, settling on the word because he was unable to think of a better one.
John slid his hand across the sheets until his fingers brushed against Sherlock's, and he left them there, just touching.
John played with Sherlock's hair while they all sat together, trying to relax. "We should go," he said quietly after nearly an hour had passed. "I'm sure Mum's wondering where we are." Sherlock nodded as he nudged Katherine, who had started dozing off. He wondered if she was starting to get under the weather at all, as tired as she was. He felt her forehead, but nothing seemed out of the ordinary for her. He eased her off his lap gently and stood up, stretching out his long limbs.
"When you say all of them..." Sherlock said slowly. John's parents were both Omegas then? He thought he remembered him saying something along those lines, but his head had been so fuzzy then. It wasn't as common, two Omegas having children, almost unheard of. Many male Omegas weren't fertile, he knew.
Sherlock buttoned up his coat. "Um, ready when you are then, I suppose," he said.
Sherlock shifted over and laid next to John, letting out a breath. "It'll go away John, just like before, slowly it will...time. That's all you need love. And in the mean time, there's herbal supplements...medications, things that can help." he said softly, watching John's hands as they held their son up, the infant happily bouncing himself as he tried to stand.
“I am not here to kill you,” he said, “The ones who did this to you are being arrested, and will go to trial.” The blond shook his head.
"You're more important," John whispered, leaning into Sherlock's touch and letting out a whimpered breath. He kept his eyes closed, because when he opened them, black spots dance along the edges of his vision, and he knew that meant concussion. God, and he was just so bleeding
John supposed he shouldn't have laughed, seeing as it was a true fear of Sherlock's, but he couldn't help himself. The strong contempt on Sherlock's face mixed with the tone of his voice was simply too much. He held tighter to Sherlock's hand, stopping on the pavement and giggling.
Sherlock smiled softly, watching Katherine as he rested some more. He wanted to give John a boy, and wondered what he'd look like. "What if...it's a girl?" he asked softly, "Assuming there even is an it," he added quietly.
John stared out of the window, watching the grey clouds in the distance and musing to himself about the boy leaning against him. Sherlock was obviously curious, observing everything.
Not that Sherlock knew specifically, but for the longest time he'd blamed himself for what happened to his family, and he supposed he still did in a sense. He was partially responsible at the very least, and it still ate at him. In theory though... he knew it could work. But he couldn't do everything for John to help him, though he wished he could.
John hummed to himself, pouring the boiling water over the teabag and walking back into the living room. "I'm glad you enjoyed yourself. I really am." He smiled, though he knew his weariness was written all over his face.
John continued to comb through Sherlock’s hair, murmuring soft, soothing things to him whenever he stirred in an attempt to get him to continue sleeping. He was going to want rest and be happy for the little he had got once he awoke.
Sherlock hummed a little, mumbling incoherently in French again, already half asleep. He swallowed, licking his lips a little as he shifted a small bit on the sofa, leaning heavily on John.
"Sorry," John murmured, running his finger over the sharp edge of a saucer. "Lost track of time. I was going to move back downstairs."
"Whatever it was you weren't eating or taking is leaving your system. You haven't been at work in a couple days, if it was food or... something else there, then it's starting to wear off. Your body's used to it though," he said quietly.
and not moving," he said with a smile at Katherine when she looked up at him at her name.
Sherlock lowered his violin, looking over his shoulder at John. "I can't think of what to do next... about them, I mean. There isn't anything else to go on," he said softly.
" he said, voice faltering a little.
John became conscious of things slowly – sound, smells, and finally sight. He turned his head toward where he knew Sherlock was and reached out for his hand. He wasn't sure what time it was, probably the middle of the night, but Sherlock was asleep. He couldn't feel much of anything thanks to the painkillers he was hooked up to, and he was glad of that. He wasn't concerned about himself; he was concerned about Sherlock.
Sherlock let out a breath, looking down at the mention of Katherine. "You tell me, you've seen her far more than I have," he murmured quietly. That was his fault, he knew, all his fault. John being in the hospital, his fault. "As soon as it was just me and her she wouldn't even talk to me, John," he said in a low whisper. Like he was a stranger, but then... he was, wasn't he?
"Not a problem," John said, leaning up to kiss Sherlock's nose. "I enjoy touching your hair." He quickly scrubbed shampoo in his own hair and rinsed it out, grabbing the bar of soap and scrubbing down completely.
Sherlock slid into the cab, waiting for John to do so as well before they set back towards the flat. "Don't open the fridge," he said after a few minutes. "At the flat, just don't, I have to take care of something. And I have to clear out that compound I'm developing. Having some side effects I didn't want, so I'm starting from scratch," he said. He'd stopped taking it the other day, and he wondered when the other effects would wear off as well.
Sherlock slept for a few hours, something in his drip helping him to by dulling the pain just slightly. He hummed a little, waking up with a small whimper, a tightening cramp bringing him to. He reached out and took John's hand tightly, swallowing thickly, waiting for it to pass, which it did. He blinked a few times, looking at John, curled up as he was.
"I'll try to come back in one piece this time," he whispered, nuzzling against Sherlock's neck and scenting him. Sherlock let out a relieved breath when John took him up close. He sighed, managing to smile a small bit.
John rolled his eyes playfully and chuckled. "I supposed I could. Not that I mind, but you've been doing really well on your own," he said, running his toes up the inside of Sherlock's thigh under the table. "I'm going to have to do some stretches before we leave, but as soon as I'm dressed we can head out," he said, reaching for some more French toast.
Sherlock hummed. "Yeah... suppose I should," he murmured quietly, not wanting to get up to get his phone.
"This way," Sherlock said, slowly moving up the one flight of stairs. He turned down the hall, heading to the office he'd seen. The name on it said
Sherlock quickly complied, sitting back on the bed and almost losing his breath at the quickness that John was stripping him down. He shivered and gasped a little as John's mouth moved down his body, and then up his length. "C-Christ..." he breathed, pushing himself back on the bed. He reached back over his head, fumbling blindly in the drawer.
Sherlock was in the same position as when he had first laid down, the music still playing on the radio. He blinked his eyes open when he heard John's voice, roused easier from his mind this time, not hiding there, but rather organising. He turned his head, looking at John.
Sherlock was starting to catch his breath, and he let it out slowly. "You... need it too," he said, frowning as John's knot started to recede, and he no longer felt as full. He hummed a little. "I need to... text Molly, tell her not to bring Katty in the morning; can't take care of her when I'm... like this," he said.
John sighed lightly, smiling at the gentle touch. "What are we going to do when she's born and has to sleep in a crib?" he asked, moving closer to nuzzle into Sherlock's hair. "Won't be able to hold both of you then," he whispered and kissed Sherlock's forehead.
"What's wrong, sweetheart?" John asked quietly, sitting down in his chair across from her. She was just a little over three years old, but he treated her like an equal. She was certainly intelligent enough for it. "You can talk to me, Katty, you know that."
John didn't reply, kissing Sherlock back for all he was worth, hoping to convey more than he could put into words. He ran his hands all over Sherlock's body, skimming over the silk of his skin before tangling in his hair. He rolled them over, trapping Sherlock beneath him. His lips left Sherlock's and travelled down his neck to his collarbone, pausing at his pulse for a moment before continuing.
, but not exactly bad.
have them someday, if he ever wanted them.
Sherlock sighed. "I don't want to. It's not his business," he muttered, knowing he'd find out regardless. "And he'll know as soon as we go to the hospital, because he'll look up why we went, and then he'll know," he said, not sure he liked how John mentioned emotional swings. "I am not going to have anything swing," he murmured quietly.
Sherlock hummed when John's lips pressed firmly to his, and Sherlock stayed pliant against them. His breathing was a little uneven, and he met John's darkened gaze and smiled. He took up John's hand and placed it on his neck so that his fingers were on both marks, and he hummed. "Yours," he told John, still staring up at him.
It was a struggle for John to nod, but he managed, nuzzling into one of Sherlock's palms and kissing it lightly. "You should... you should go get Misha. I'm sure he's wondering what the h-hell's going on," he murmured with a smile, stuffing down his emotions for the moment as he leaned up to kiss Sherlock's chin, walking past him and into the bedroom.
John wordlessly reached his arm around Sherlock's side, pulling him close and half onto his lap – the chairs not having sides for obvious reasons. He tucked Sherlock's head onto his shoulder, resting his cheek on top of his curls and taking hold of his hands. "Long, deep breaths," he instructed quietly, knowing that his scent had changed to be more calming, his body reacting to the stress his bondmate was experiencing.
I love you. Talk to you sooner this time, I promise.
Always yours,
Katherine's fists flailed and she wriggled a little in John's arms with a coo escaping her. She still had a somewhat disgruntled expression on her face, which was slightly warm to the touch still.
Sherlock smiled, leaning against John a little. He hummed lightly. "I know... Mm love you too," he said quietly. He shook Kat's fists a bit as she started to doze a little. "Ah-ah, need you to stay awake little one. You nearly woke your father up last night. We're going to try and sleep a bit longer tonight aren't we?" he asked, catching her attention with a few of his fingers, which she promptly grabbed, shoving a couple of them in her mouth.
Sherlock exhaled softly, watching Katherine leave the room. He swallowed, allowing the pain on his face to show more, having not wanted to scare her. He nodded a fraction; he wasn't hungry. He never was most days, though he'd eat something every few days so as to not have a repeat of the stomach issue he'd had when John had originally saved him.
Harry rubbed John's back still, scooting closer to him despite him moving away. "I know, I know, it's not fair, and I hate it...we all hate it," she murmured, pulling his hand away and covering the bites. "It won't be the same this time, you're not the same and you have so much more to come home to John, you've no idea..." she said, trying to soothe her brother.
Sherlock shrugged. "He's been doing it for a few months now," he admitted softly. He looked over at Katherine, smiling softly. "I haven't been wanting to let it bother me. It's under control. We're safe, she's safe," he said with a soft smile.
as to think that I don't care and am just going to let you walk out of that door by yourself?" John was barely keeping from yelling, and he pressed harder on Sherlock's shoulders. "After saving you from that... that horrible place, after going to Afghanistan and having to leave you, after coming back here to find out that you... I'm not letting you leave without me."
Just keep her engaged, love. She'll come around. You're all that she's got now, so she'll talk to you. Promise.
Sherlock kept his feet moving, not looking up from the bottom of the stones. He looked ahead and saw them, the carnations, Mother's favourites. He froze when they were there, slowly looking up to see the names there.
Their food arrived quickly enough, Angelo's wasn't a particularly busy place at lunch, and he helped Katherine by cutting her chicken into smaller bites. He stole a couple pieces for himself as if to show John he was okay by eating.
John nodded silently, setting his hand over Sherlock's. "And then chocolate and coffee, and more flowers the day after that for Stephen's grave." He sighed, hating that all of this came up at once. It made for a very busy month. "Early to bed tonight," he said. "Our daughter is going to be up at oh dark thirty tomorrow morning for your birthday."
Sherlock blinked a few times when John moved down, sucking in a sharp breath when his mouth wrapped around Sherlock's length. He tensed a bit, then hummed again, eyes closing a small bit as he writhed a small bit on the bed. It wasn't what his body wanted... but it felt amazing nonetheless, helped some too.
Sherlock hadn’t fallen asleep, simply lying there and listening to John breathe, and dream, hearing him mumble quietly. He knew when the alarm went off that John would get up. Sherlock opened his eyes, looking up at him.
Sherlock smirked, and Katherine looked between the two of them. "What? What's tomorrow?" she asked, sitting up a little more. "What's tomorrow?" she asked, thinking really hard. She thought about Christmas, how it wasn't that long ago, then New Year. Her fork clattered to her plate, as she held up her fingers, counting a little on them for a minute. "Oh!" she said, looking up with wide eyes. "Daddy's birthday?! It's Daddy's birthday tomorrow?!" she said, bouncing again.
John smiled softly down at him. "Alright." He turned to leave after one more gentle kiss to his forehead, but paused by the door.
"You're on painkillers right now, and they're feeding you nutrients into your system." John gestured to the machines and needles responsible. "The hole in your stomach is patched up. I just figured you should know what's been done to you."
, John thought, but he didn't say it. He had been hoping that he would be able to convince Sherlock to not take the pills, that they would be able to go through a heat without them and have another go at a pup, and so he had brought a test along just in case. But he didn't want to mention it, because Sherlock wanted to let it go. "Alright," he said softly, holding Sherlock closer and rubbing his back.
"I know," Sherlock said quietly, following John back into the room, dragging his damned cart with him. He crawled up into the bed and curled close to John on his left side, letting out a sigh. He snuggled a little closer to John, shutting his eyes and trying to make himself go to sleep. It started to work after a few minutes and he began to doze lightly, not realising as his hand slid to his stomach almost protectively.
"Sherlock, please, you have to trust me." John moved so that he was crouching in front of the boy, reaching out to cup his cheek gently. "I'm not going to let anything happen to you, alright? And I will never, ever let you anywhere near an auction house again."
John snapped back to himself, horror washing over him at what he had just done. "I'm so sorry," he whispered, getting hastily to his feet. He was gone before Sherlock could follow him, forgetting his coat on the door.
"I'm glad I'm different," John murmured, holding Sherlock closely against him. He nuzzled into Sherlock hair, closing his eyes and starting to drift off before a thought from prior in the day hit him. "Oh, I was going to ask. Do you know when your next heat cycle is? Because there are some things we need to discuss about that."
John let out a small breath, glad that Sherlock was eating
"And one could argue that you've done everything for me, seeing as had you not bought me, and had someone else, well... for one, I probably would have vomited blood all night until my stomach acid ate away at the rest of my internal organs and I'd probably have died from sepsis," Sherlock rattled off, still looking thoughtfully outside.
Sherlock let out a breath, stepping cautiously into the room, sinking down into one of the chairs, already tired from standing.
Sherlock looked at his mug when John murmured that to him, and he nodded. "I understand," he said softly, lifting his cup and sipping off of it.
Sherlock took a breath as John's teeth grazed by the small scar he had from his surgery almost a year ago, his own gaze moving over John's tanned skin. He was tanned even on his torso, no doubt on the days when they were safe in camp they would take off their shirts. It was then that Sherlock saw all the small nicks and cuts on John's skin, the scars there. Each one told a story, ones that he would deduce later before asking John to tell him. For now he smiled, his fingers tracing over a few lightly.
John walked over behind Sherlock, loosely wrapping his arms around him to avoid his side, and looked over Sherlock’s shoulder at the city beyond the window.
ready, and you're going to be fine. I'm not going to let anything bad happen to you or her." He hoped that there would be no complications, that everything would run smoothly. He couldn't live without either of them at this point.
John quickly tossed a twenty at the cabbie and jumped out after Sherlock, catching him above the elbow and pulling him back against him.
"You know, you missed my birthday while I was in Afghanistan," John thought aloud, remembering that Harry's was coming up in a few weeks.
Sherlock sighed, nuzzling John's shoulder as well. "Soon enough," he murmured, kissing John's jaw before reaching back and turning off the water. "Katherine will want breakfast soon," he murmured quietly, still not feeling hungry himself. He climbed out of the shower and quickly towelled himself off, tossing the towel to John before retreating slowly into the bedroom to get dressed, sore all over, but he didn't mind.
"Stop thinking so little of yourself," John murmured, nuzzling against the back of the Omega's neck, kissing the delicate skin there. "I want you here, don't forget." He pressed his palm over Sherlock's heart again, closing his eyes as he settled down for sleep.
John woke up when he felt Sherlock get out of bed, walking over to the bathroom door as was becoming the norm, to comfort Sherlock until he was done being sick. He froze just on the threshold after pushing open the door, staring at the red on Sherlock's hand. "Sherlock?" he asked worriedly, searching his face.
Sherlock slept for several hours, used to being woken up every hour or so the last few days, never allowed full sleep. When he started to wake up, the first thing he was aware of was the ache in his side, and then the soft bed under him, and that he was covered with an equally soft blanket. His forehead creased a little, fingers flexing slightly as he felt the bedding under them.
Sherlock blinked once when he caught John looking at him. He hesitated before moving into the kitchen.
"And yes, I did. I started playing the violin when I was five years old," Sherlock said, looking down sadly. "It... it helped me think. Deal with... with things I have trouble with," he said.
Sherlock hummed, relaxing a little more at John's attentions. He blinked a few times though, after a minute or so. "We... we can't, John... you're stitches," he whined, worrying. He knew that before long he wouldn't care, and he hated that.
Sherlock hummed a little, letting out a slow breath. "Wouldn't have... normally," he said. "Detest... hospitals," he said. He felt he had reason to – he'd been in one when he'd been taken the first time.
Sherlock gasped as he was pushed back, surprised to find how much he needed this, wanting it. He hummed, wincing a little as John's nails moved down his skin, leaving light red marks. He leant into the wall with a moan as John pinched him, and he leant forward to kiss John's neck, nipping at him, almost threateningly; a challenge to his Alpha.
Sherlock let out a breath, scooping up Katherine gently and sliding himself onto John's lap, curling up and tucking his head under his chin. He pressed gentle kisses along his neck, nuzzling against his warm skin. "I'm sorry," he murmured, not sure what else to say. "Now it's out though," he breathed. "It's out and can't hide alone in there anymore."
Sherlock leant over as John pulled him down more, and he rested his forehead against John's chest, clenching as his whole body tensed for a moment as John came, followed quickly by himself. The wave lasted longer than normal, and when it passed, Sherlock fell limp onto John's chest, not able to move, not even to tremble as he normally did. His chest was heaving, and he gulped breaths of John's scent, eyes rolled back in his head some, fluttering shut.
----------------------------------------------------------
Pity ran through John, because he knew what that was like. It was hell, was what it was. "Come here," he said softly, holding open his arms for Sherlock to scoot into. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock's thin frame, tucking Sherlock’s head against his chest and pressing a kiss to his temple. "You're alright," he promised quietly. "No one's going to grab you in your sleep anymore except me."
Their ear pieces screeched and John ripped his out, yelling at his team to get down and find cover. They didn't know where the shot had come from, but some shelter was better than none. He grabbed Bill Murray, his nurse, and dragged him behind a rock, leaning back against it and pulling out his assault rifle, turning the safety off.
"’m fine," Sherlock said, looking into the kitchen at where John was cooking, stark naked. Sherlock smiled dazedly, not picking up John's scent anymore, but rather a different one. He followed it
Eventually they pulled up to NSY, and Sherlock got out slowly, looking around hesitantly at the crowded pavement, feeling a knot tighten in his stomach. He waited for John, fighting back the urge to reach out for some part of him, before walking into the building.
Sherlock looked at John steadily, swallowing. "You're still John, my mate. And still very much my Alpha," he said, tilting his neck up to show the bit of bruising that was still there from when he wouldn't let go of Hamish. Still the only person that could have gotten me to give him up. “What I see...is that you're hurt, and that I want to help you, but I know that it's hard for you. And that as much as I want to crawl into that bed and let you hold me, so you know that I'm still yours...you might not want me to."
Mycroft shifted, eyes narrowing when he saw the reaction in his brother.
and wanting to say
John didn't remember the cab ride, nor the walk up the stairs. He wasn't sure how he had gotten in the bedroom, and then he blinked and Sherlock was kissing him. John sighed lightly against Sherlock's lips, kissing him back slowly and tenderly, reaching up to cup Sherlock's neck with one hand, his other resting over his tags on Sherlock's chest.
The months had gone quickly, the spring turning into summer, then fall, now it was winter. Their first Christmas... well, first one that Katherine might remember. She hadn't even been a year old when they had had their first.
was going to know it. John withdrew his fingers, wrapping his hands around Sherlock's thighs again and carrying him over to the bed, dropping him down on it and immediately pinning him with his body. "I knew your mouth would get you into trouble one day," he murmured in Sherlock's ear, skilfully flipping him over and reaching for the soft rope he had stashed under the bed.
----------------------------------------------------------
Sherlock paused in his steps, looking at her, and then shooting a look at John for telling. "I'm fine," he said. "It's not like it was the first time I was stabbed in the last two years," he muttered, resuming his pacing. He sighed, not liking how antsy he felt, agitated. His heat wasn't right, it was wrong... the flu messing it up, making it unpleasant.
He helped ease the boy down onto his back, pressing on his shoulder to keep him there. "I know your side hurts, but if you have cracked ribs, then it's best to stay on your back."
"Now... please, just… now. ‘m ready," Sherlock begged quietly.
"Sorry I left," John breathed, hating himself for it. "And I'm still go to kill your brother."
"Um... Mycroft he… he was working up in the government at the time. Knowing him, he's only got higher by now so um..." Sherlock paused, letting out a breath. "I'll ask him to find them, your family," he said, swallowing. "And he will; least he can do for not finding me," he mumbled, looking down.
"I appreciate you coming along," John murmured, closing his eyes for a moment.
"Please? I miss you already and I'd like to hear your voice." John nuzzled against Sherlock's hair, kissing his forehead, then down the bridge of his nose, and lightly brushing over his lips.
Sherlock rested his head against John's shoulder, blinking once when he mentioned the test again. He sighed, swallowing thickly. "I..." he didn't know why he didn't want to. He just didn't, not knowing felt better somehow. He pushed up off of the floor and out of John's arms, walking back into the bedroom, flopping onto the bed with a small sigh, not sure why he was being so temperamental, but ignoring it.
John wrapped his arm around Sherlock, nuzzling against his neck. "See? She's alright," he murmured, kissing Sherlock's skin gently. He sighed, staying on his back because he knew it was better for healing, but god he just wanted to hold Sherlock and tell him that everything was alright. "Go back to sleep, love, you need it," he said softly, combing through Sherlock's hair at the back of his head.
John gritted his teeth, his innate nature not wanting this kind of attention from another Alpha. Especially if the plans were for him to be bottoming. He was just not going to be going for it. Snarling, he braced his feet on the floor and rammed his shoulder into Lucian's stomach, pushing past him and spinning out of his reach, somehow managing to keep his balance without his arms to even him out as he ran over to the vanity across the room, snatching up his knife that had been placed there. He watched Lucian catch his breath, glaring at him, as he quickly started cutting through the rope binding his arms.
Eventually everything thinned out and they were surrounded by snow covered fields and small buildings. He looked over at John fondly, watching him watch the road. "Did we bring everything we need?" he asked quietly after they'd been driving for a while. "The... erm, inducers and such?" he asked quietly, feeling a little nervous about taking those as well. The last time he had... that hadn't been a fond memory.
John gave a soft huff of irritation, but really, he was thankful for Sherlock. He would get better now, with Sherlock's help. And in all honesty, he was tired as hell. "Alright. Promise me you'll wake me if you or Katty need something," he murmured, wrapping his arm around Sherlock's shoulders and pulling him close.
"What else?" John asked, mulling their daughter's name over in his head. Katherine Nichole. It had a nice ring to it, and it pulled a small smile to his lips.
"Don't tense, love," Maria murmured, nodding to what he had said and pulling out a sterilised needle and thread and redoing the stitches quickly and effortlessly after giving John a local. "Sherlock, your turn," she said, pointing at the bed and moving around to the other side so that she could access his injury. "On the bed."
They were tangled up together, and Katherine stared for a minute, wondering where she squeezed in. Finally she stretched a little, then sneaked in under the blankets at the foot of the bed, slinking under and curling up at the foot in a gap in their legs, dozing lightly there under the covers.
He couldn’t breathe properly,
John felt his knot receding and pulled out slowly, placing a multitude of soft kisses to the back of Sherlock's neck. "Come on, let's go get cleaned up," he murmured, pushing up from the bed and holding his hand out to Sherlock.
John sighed, but he was smiling. "Maybe in a little bit then, huh?" He chuckled, running his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "Don't fall asleep on me, though. Otherwise I won't be able to get up to eat," he teased, hooking their ankles together.
John closed his eyes, reaching up to run his hand over Sherlock's shoulders. "It's alright," he whispered, his voice sounding shaky even to himself. "It's just a scar; it's fine."
"No, I should talk to her. She'll either be upset with me or too happy to care. Or she won't believe me." John shrugged, stepping forward to wrap his arms around Sherlock's waist, resting his head against his shoulder. "Either way, it'll be nice to hear her voice again."
"She's like me..." Sherlock murmured. "Only, she's able to read and deduce one of the few things I can't. Emotions. I can predict what someone might do, but knowing if someone is angry with me or what they are thinking... it's harder," he said.
Sherlock sighed as Anderson and Lestrade both asked questions, to which Sherlock told Anderson to shut up and explained to Lestrade in length.
John hummed, seeing the flicker of submission in the depths of Sherlock's eyes. "There it is," he breathed, attaching their lips and sinking two fingers into Sherlock at the same time. "Such a good boy," he praised, lightly brushing Sherlock's prostate with every brush of his fingers. "Oh, fuck, and you're so wet already."
Sherlock froze on the bed with a sigh, holding still as John looked at his incision. "It's fine," he murmured quietly. He winced, hissing a little as John cleaned it.
John set his hand on Sherlock's thigh, running his thumb over his leg lightly. "Not sure if he gets bored or not, but he worries about you, and to him it's most likely worth it." He squeezed Sherlock's leg a little, smiling over at him and then people watching.
John backed away when Harry asked about his scar, looking away towards the kettle. "I don't wanna talk about it, Harry," he murmured, not wanting to upset his sister.
John nodded, pressing his face against Sherlock's chest. "Not right away, though. Those were... those were normal. These started... the second week." He held on tighter, another tremble running through him. "They're getting progressively worse."
kill him.
It had been almost a month and a half since he'd heard from John. Sherlock was half mad, at least he felt it, but he hadn't heard from the Army. They would have told him if John was dead or missing in action. Mycroft would have told him. It was a week into September, and Sherlock had taken so many pictures of Katherine on her first day of school, in her small uniform. Pleaded skirt and stockings...he emailed some to John, just as he'd emailed him from time to time, asking, and in one he regretted sending, begging him to respond, even just one word. Katherine was at school, and Sherlock was sitting on the sofa of the flat, hands resting on his swollen belly. They said any day, but he was scheduled for one more week. He was waiting for Mindy, who all but insisted that she was coming over for tea. Demanded more like. So he waited, wondering how Katty was doing in school.
Sherlock nodded, gulping deep breaths though they were pushed out quickly. He almost wished he'd taken the full 10 ml. He leant his head back, hearing Maria say something about one last push. He almost couldn't hear her, but he complied, putting everything he had into the next one, his own cry being drowned out by the high pitched wail that sounded a moment later, Sherlock feeling the pressure finally subside.
Mindy raised her head more, her smile slipping a little before she nodded. "What happened, child? Over in that warzone?"
John swallowed the rest of his biscuit, taking another sip of wine before looking up at Sherlock. "Sure," he said, a little hesitant, because it wasn't quite Christmas yet. But he set down his wine, looking expectantly at his mate with a small smile on his lips.
"It's him. It has to be, he's trying to get under our skin, trying to get to me through you," he said, rolling out of bed and picking up the gun. "The safety is off, it's loaded, and you had it whipped out. You never did that with your regular nightmares, John, never," he said, putting the safety on and discharging the clip. "I'm going to put this away," he said, moving quickly into the living room and tucking the gun away safely. He moved back into the bedroom, sitting on the bed again.
," he responded, his fingers starting to work at the buttons on Sherlock's shirt, his lips finding Sherlock's again as he pushed the fabric from his shoulders, using it to pin his arms to the bed as he kissed him with increasing intensity.
The blond was biting down on the inside of his lip slightly. “Mmnot,” he said, shaking his head.
Sherlock shrugged a little. "I suppose I occupy myself regularly enough, but, as you saw earlier, I really only do that now by going into my own head," he explained.
Sherlock blinked at the question, looking down. He swallowed. "I wasn't... not aiming for it," he said slowly. "But I wasn't really aiming for it either." He shook his head a little. "I knew it was there, and I knew I could hit it. I didn't care," he said steadily.
"Ah...don't blame your Pa, he's not putting the food all over your mouth.”
Sherlock sighed, walking out of the store with John. He raised an arm and hailed a cab, sinking down into the seat of it when it came, tired from carrying the bags. He wasn't used to running out of energy like this so easily.
"Hey, love," John murmured, smiling over at Sherlock as he rubbed his hand over Katty's back. "You can sleep more, if you want. I've got her taken care of." He shifted his hold on Kat when she squirmed around a little bit, letting her look at Sherlock. "She's being good, go ahead and get some rest."
John stood with his hands braced on either side of the sink, the water pouring from the faucet. He felt sick, the sudden reality of what was happening crashing in around him. He was being deployed in a week, leaving behind Sherlock and now a sister he had accepted as dead. Now she might be the one needing to attend the funeral of a sibling she hadn't ever expected to see again.
Sherlock looked over at John, his nervousness not going away in the slightest.
John pulled back, pushing Sherlock down a little so that he was at a better level before he lined himself up. "Breathe, love, it's coming," he said, slowly pushing in. He leant forward, banding his arm across Sherlock's chest, holding him tightly as he snapped his hips and connected them the last couple of inches.
to do for a change," he said.
Sherlock cleaned up the kitchen, kissing Katherine's head as he told her she could go play. Katherine nodded once, walking into the living room instead and climbing up onto the sofa, turning on the telly. Sherlock furrowed his brow, she almost always wanted to go up and play on her own. When John didn't emerge from his normally short morning shower he became concerned. He put Hamish into his swing and turned it on, looking at Katherine. "I'm going to go check on your Papa, you stay right there okay?" he said. "I'll be just down the hall."
“Obvious to you, Holmes.”
John came awake slowly, his mind still foggy from his dream. Nightmare? He wasn't sure.
Sherlock hummed a little. "Both?" he murmured quietly, his eyes still closed. He tuned his head to look at John, blinking a couple times. "I'm... happy that you're back John," he said quietly. "It feels... better," he murmured.
Kat looked up at Sherlock and he exhaled softly, seeing her face pinch in a very Sherlock-like confusion. "What mean Daddy?" she asked.
Sherlock gasped as they rolled suddenly, and he felt John thrust into him. His eyes rolled back for a moment and he moaned, fists balling up in the bedding. His breathing was erratic, and he swallowed thickly, looking up at John. He knew he'd have to move, he wanted to be John's on the first knot, he wouldn't wait, and that meant John had to be able to reach the back of his neck, as well as the side. But for now pushed himself down more with a whine.
He pushed away from the couch, setting his tea down on his way from the room. He all but ran up the stairs and into the bathroom, closing the door behind himself and dry heaving until his throat was raw and he felt like his next retch would bring up his whole stomach. He curled up on the ground, stuffing his fist in his mouth and screaming, his other arm wrapped around his waist.
Mycroft sighed, walking into the living room and looking at the state of it. "I'll have someone in to take care of all this," he said, gesturing to it all with the end of his umbrella. He looked down at his brother, who, even asleep, still held a somewhat distressed expression.
Sherlock furrowed his brow, though he settled against John. "How do you do that?" he asked. "I didn't move. You're more like your mother than I thought," he murmured, letting out a breath. "She's fine, just can't sleep, I guess," he said softly.
-----------------------------------------------------------
John looked up at Sherlock, and then back down at where Hamish was eating, gazing up at him with bright blue eyes that already had small sparks of yellow in them. "You must have missed me a lot if you think I look beautiful right now. He's definitely center stage at the moment," he teased, running his finger from Hamish's forehead down to the tip of his nose. He heard pattering feet in the hallway and a gentle hushed voice, and he grinned back over at Sherlock. "I think the young doctor has arrived."
Sherlock looked her over, trying to think. The last few days... he'd been more worried about John, thinking he had everything Katherine-wise managed and memorised. Had he missed something?
was all he could think.
Sherlock ordered a small dish, handing back the menu with a small nod and a murmured thanks. He let out a breath, glancing up at John. He smiled a little, then looked down at his hands where he fiddled with a fork on the table. He leant heavily against the back of the booth, rubbing his chest a little before resuming playing with the utensil.
Sherlock took a slow breath in, relaxing marginally as he shut his eyes. "I'll always come back," he said quietly, tilting his head up and opening his eyes once more to look at John. "You believe me, don't you?" he asked. "That I'll always come back to you?" he swallowed, trembling a small bit again.
John, he's coming. Now....Christ it hurts. On my way to Bart's. I want so bad to ask you to meet me there....please John be there. I want you there so bad...I hope you're safe.
So he borrowed a horse from someone who owed him a favor and made the trip. It was dark by the time he got to the house. There was someone waiting for him.
Sherlock looked at him, finishing getting Katherine dressed again and scooping her up, sitting at the head of the bed and leaning against the headboard. He rocked Katherine gently before setting her in the groove between his and John's thighs. "What about lunch when you're at work? You getting that from somewhere? And you're not taking those pills anymore. I... I'll have Mycroft get you something. If it's from him we can trust it," he said.
Sherlock blinked, his mind a bit torn on that. A gunshot wound was physically more traumatic, but the pain of it... it felt different. And had he the choice between being able to save that pup and being shot again later... he would take the bullet. It wasn't even something he had to think about. He let out a breath, slowing a little as he ate the chips.
Sherlock froze for a second at the tone of John's voice, whining a bit as John's burning hot skin pressed against his back. He squirmed a little, soon falling still again, shivering even more violently. As soon as he warmed up enough to not feel nothing anymore he realised how cold he felt. He whined again, curling up against John, shaking. He nuzzled against John's neck a little, letting out a breath as he slowly warmed, shivering slightly as his eyes fluttered shut. "Mms-s-sorry," he murmured quietly, clearing his throat.
Sherlock looked at John, then down. "I'm sorry," he said quietly. He swallowed. "There's been no sign of them? That's what, three years?" he asked, looking at John again.
Perhaps it was hope. Or perhaps something he hadn’t yet felt, starting to grow.
Sherlock nodded a little. "I want to play my violin," he said with what could only be described as a pout. He moved his arm gingerly. He'd be able to hold the instrument, but not for long enough, even for a short song.
John hummed contently, wrapping his arm around Sherlock's waist and stroking his thumb over his side. "I like that idea," he murmured. "I'm sure Mum would love to have some time to Katty all by herself, and I think Katty would enjoy it as well." He tilted Sherlock's lips towards him with two fingers under his chin. "And I would love to have you all to myself."
John smiled at his daughter, kissing her forehead. "Nightmares?" he asked softly, though of course he knew. "I still have those, too. Nothing wrong with nightmares, baby. Sometimes they help us see things that we missed." He sighed, combing through Kat's hair and continuing to murmur softly to her.
Sherlock stretched out on the bed on his right side when John asked, glancing down as he worked.
Dragging in a breath, John slowly laid down, rolling over to face Sherlock. He rested his hand on Sherlock's cheek, just taking him in. "You're real," he murmured, reminding himself that he was home, Sherlock was here.
Sherlock hummed a little, "I know...I miss you too. But we'll have that back again. Hate saying it, but soon enough they'll be old enough to take care of themselves in the mornings," he said quietly. It was hard to think about how small Katherine had been before and now...nearly five years old. He sighed, then opened his eyes. "God..." he said, sitting up and climbing out of the tub quickly. He pulled on a robe and padded over towards the medicine cabinet, rifling through it. "Damn it, where are they?" he muttered.
Sherlock hesitated a moment, not sure why John was allowing him this close even. He swallowed, carefully scooting forward, holding still as John wrapped his arms around him. Sherlock let out a breath, losing himself again in John's scent. It hadn't really changed all that much, still perfectly John. He shut his eyes, shivering a little. His side ached painfully, but he was used to one thing or another hurting, he just hoped that he didn't rip his stitches.
Sherlock gasped when John took over the strokes on his length, and lost it a moment later, finishing with a small cry, John's shirt getting a bit spoiled. He let out a breath, leaning back on John's knees, panting and trying to catch his breath. "Holy...
. How do you change a society rooted in old ways?
Sherlock looked up towards the door, sighing a little. "Tedious," he muttered under his breath, ruffling his hair a little. He stood up, looking out into the mirror.
going to be nice to her?" he asked, looking up at John. "Ye of little faith," he muttered, scratching at his arm where he'd ripped off his patch. He knew the skin was likely red there now.
Sherlock grinned, getting up and following John out. He wrapped an arm around John's and held it close to himself, looking at all the people passing by them as John hailed a cab. He slid inside with a small sigh, leaning up against John when he did the same. "Mycroft didn't even come this time... did he? I know he always comes when I'm unconscious, but I can tell. He stayed away this time," he said softly.
John stirred, hearing Sherlock rummaging around in the kitchen. "Alright in there?" he asked, his voice heavy with sleep. They had both been getting crap for sleep, and while he was used to it, it didn't mean he enjoyed it. But he wouldn't complain. If Sherlock needed him up, then he would be up, simple as that.
John pillowed his head on his arms and closed his eyes, listening to the noises of the flat.
Harry smiled. "Yeah, well, heats can be tricky I guess. I had one come early once; I'm just glad Clara had left the day before for work again." She paused. "Well not
The infant wriggled, making gurgling noises as she blew bubbles with her spittle. She yanked at John's hair again, bouncing still.
John's attacker came forward, grabbing a fistful of his hair and slamming his head back against the wall.
Sherlock felt a tug in his chest, thinking about the children and bondmate left behind. God... if John was gone, after bonding especially... Sherlock wouldn't be able to stand it.
Sherlock slid to the floor, weaving his fingers into his hair.
"Don' want broth," Sherlock murmured.
John's chest ached for his daughter, and he held her close, rocking her gently. "I know, sweetheart, I know. It's alright to be scared, though. There's nothing wrong with that, nothing at all. And you were so brave, weren't you? You helped your Gran, you saved her life, Katherine, you did." He kissed the top of her head, closing his eyes and letting go of a few tears himself. "You know that I still get scared, right? All the time. Every day that I was away, I was scared. Every time I had to save someone, I was scared. But we're together now, aren't we? Two brave doctors trying to save the world," he whispered, his voice wavering a little.
Sherlock let out a breath, "You were looking to get revenge for what he did to Katherine and your mother, and you wanted to get knocked about a bit so you wouldn't have to focus on that...you didn't ask for this, John," he said. "I agree you shouldn't have gone, but that's just because Katherine missed you.”
We decided on updating a day early, so here you all are!
John smiled more at the noises Sherlock made, then finally crawled in between his legs, reaching for the lube to coat himself.
John closed his eyes, laying his torso on the edge of the bed and hugging Sherlock's arm to his chest. "I'm so sorry, love. I'm so sorry." He wasn't going to cry, he wasn't. That's not what Sherlock needed right now. He rested his hand on Sherlock's chest, nuzzling against his palm and kissing his wrist. "I'll talk to the doctor about the pain, but the best way to fix it is mentally. Just try to forget about it."
Sherlock let out a breath. "I know... I know that. Just perhaps I could have seen it sooner," he murmured quietly. He let out a breath, holding Katherine's carrier tightly in his lap. "But it'll be okay... probably just… an ear thing or... something," he murmured quietly.
John stared at Mycroft, daring him to say anything against him.
"Always," Sherlock murmured softly, smiling down at Katherine.
"Then I'll write it down and have them mail it back to you," John said, sitting firmer on Sherlock when the Omega started squirming. "Stop fighting me and just listen, damn it. I'm being sensible. I don't want to leave you and the pups with nothing."
Sherlock turned to look at John more fully, "You...you mean you think this is to do with what happened over there?" he asked, "That man...he took your tags," he said, "But why would he go to your mother's? How would anyone even know about that place? They would have gone to Baker Street wouldn't they?" he asked, remembering the story John had told him, the American. “I thought everyone there was killed when they pulled you out?”
Sherlock hummed. "Well, soon enough we'll get to the point when we don't go to sleep the same time as our four-year-old," Sherlock said. "And perhaps stay up late talking...among other things." He closed his eyes, a soft smile resting on his mouth as he allowed himself to relax some more. "Mmm...my heats wills start again soon...Hamish is almost four months old..." he mumbled, dozing off finally.
Just in case the name thing doesn't pop up later, it might, but I don't know. John as we know is a very common name so I didn't think to change that. However, Hamish, when you look up the name origins is of Scottish origin, but is basically the equivalence of James. Watson is of English and Scottish origin and means "Son of Walter". And I did look, Walters was a name that was and is around in England.
Harry tapped Katherine's nose a little. "A lot of babies get colicky. She'll be fine," she said, looking over at Sherlock. "He looks knackered, so do you for that bit. You know she's got a cot... doesn't need to be held the whole time," she said, rubbing John's arm a little. Katherine cooed again, before her eyes shut again and she dozed off, her hand still in her mouth.
"The only way you'd look better is if..." John stopped himself, shaking his head before he revealed that. "Actually, never mind. I'm not giving you that much power over me," he teased, nipping Sherlock's lip once more before dropping down onto his heels.
"Do you have their addresses?" John didn't specify whose; he knew Sherlock would understand.
they said; another way that proved Sherlock was John's. He reached up, playing with his tags against Sherlock's chest. He tugged on the chain, pulling Sherlock's head down for a good, long, proper good morning kiss.
Sherlock let out a nervous breath, his hand resting on his stomach, hoping already, wanting something to be in there. He swallowed, nodding gently, his head resting on John's shoulder. "It could...it could happen again though, only what if this time we don't have another one?" he asked in a small voice.
Katherine took a moment to wake up the rest of the way, looking at Hamish and poking his stomach a little as the infant started to greedily suck down the bottle when Sherlock gave it to him. She looked up at John then. “Want pineapple chicken Papa!” She said with a slight bounce on the sofa.
And he wouldn't waste them.
Harry eyed John carefully, somewhat worried from what John said.
tone.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, lost in thought. "He's busy, the auctions were only a portion of his business. Perhaps not even his, if he helped in the trafficking then perhaps he got a cut. With more and more of the houses being shut down that could be putting a dent into his business, and is looking for areas to branch out into more," he said.
Sherlock took the day to explore around the flat more, organising the bookshelf and several other things around the flat. He was up so much that by one o'clock he was curled up on the sofa, asleep.
John stirred a little, feeling a small disturbance on the bed, but it wasn't nearly enough to wake him up. He slept soundlessly for a few more hours, lulled by the soft sound of Sherlock's snore, before something much more urgent woke him. His eyes popped open and he furrowed his eyebrows, wondering for a moment what it was before his stomach rolled again.
Sherlock smiled softly. "I think better out there, I think," he said. "By the window... you can lay on the sofa if you like," he offered. He looked at John, knowing he should be resting more.
He went home to his flat and wound up sleeping for the rest of the day and well into the night, but the dreams kept coming back. Only now, as he lay in the snow watching the flakes drift lazily towards him and he heard his name being called, he recognized the voice.
"Damn it, Sherlock," John breathed, his voice breaking.
way. "Well she's too young to be teething. Theoretically she's too old to be colicky, but my sister..." He shook his head. "What is it?"
Sherlock finally left the airport, riding back to the flat and climbing the steps slowly before collapsing onto their bed, which still smelled like the both of them. He didn't cry – he wouldn't allow it, he simply lay there, curled up, thinking through the timeline of what John was doing.
Sherlock hummed; he was still really tired. And no doubt the wonderful Dr Maria was going to put him on bed rest anyway. He sighed a little. "S'not like there's anything else to do... 'cept watch crap telly," he muttered, his eyes shut already.
John chuckled down at Sherlock, stroking through his hair contently. "She looks like Sherlock," he said to Harry, though he smiled broadly.
John laughed, walking up to Sherlock and standing on his toes for a kiss. "Look at you, so smug. As if you ever doubted how it would look," he teased, kissing Sherlock again before dropping back onto his heels. He led Sherlock back into the living room, leaning against the back of his chair as Katherine came bounding back down the stairs with her white stockings.
Sherlock never made it to NSY, but rather just to the cafe downstairs. He sank into a booth and wove his fingers up into his hair. He let out a shaky breath, looking up at the ceiling and wondering what John was thinking. He'd known... how had he known? John didn't deduce things like that – it just wasn't something he did. But then perhaps he'd just picked up the uncanny ability from his mother.
Sherlock whimpered a little, his eyes closing as John's mouth moved down his neck, teeth grazing the skin.
Sherlock smiled softly, sighing a little as he leant close to John. "We both have blue eyes... she probably will too," he said quietly, looking at John and then covering his hand with one of his own. "She's probably not going to feel so small soon though... not from where I'm standing," he said.
She smiled fondly at Sherlock, who she had taken an instant liking to. "You can relax, dear. Neither Harriet nor I are going to kick you out or be mean. We consider anyone who owns the heart of one of ours family, and honey, you should see the way John looks at you." She smiled again, folding her hands neatly in her lap. "And call me Mindy, please."
"Sherlock," John replied, unable to take his eyes off of the Omega, his Omega. "He didn't tell me his last name. Not that I blame him. Christ, in his condition he could barely remember something that had happened twenty minutes prior."
John didn't follow, allowing Sherlock some time to do whatever it was he thought he needed to. Collect himself? He shook his head, not used to seeing Sherlock like this, and it unsettled him. He moved to a sitting position, scrubbing a hand through his hair as he waited for Sherlock to come back.
Sherlock sighed, nuzzling into John's neck a little, still mumbling quietly. "Mon John..." he sighed, falling asleep, a soft snore escaping him.
, he thought to himself, thanking the driver and getting out after Sherlock. He pulled the door open for him, following after as he walked into the restaurant. He found a booth along the wall, all of the tables in the middle occupied.
"Molly,
Sherlock wasn't even paying attention when he felt Katherine climb up onto his lap and place a small kiss on his cheek. He blinked a few times, looking down at her and putting a small smile on his face as he wrapped his arms around her. The smile was automatic, not wanting to upset Katherine. He looked up when Mindy came back in, looking at her when she sat in John's spot with a bag. "What is it?" he asked quietly, Katherine eyeing the bag as well.
The nurse walked out into the waiting room, spotting Sherlock and the young pup sitting together almost immediately. "John Watson," she called, tactfully not wanting to draw attention to Sherlock.
. I know some pups are fussy or sensitive and can wake up around twelve times a night."
John yawned, exhausted and worn and sore, snuggling closer to his mate. "We can talk about that later," he decided, his eyes slipping shut. "Still have a while," he murmured quietly, already starting to drift off to sleep. "Wake me if you have another cycle," he breathed, finally slipping under with his last word.
Sherlock smirked, looking up and easily finding a CCTV camera, trained on them. He smiled, shaking his head a little.
John smiled across the table at Sherlock, giving him a conspiratorial look that would make Katherine more interested. Then he sighed, going back to his food and occasionally lifting his hand to play with Hamish or settle him down. Tomorrow would be a good day. He would make tomorrow a good day, because he was tired of all of these sitting-around-at-home days.
"You'll have it now...whenever and however much you want." he said, his eyes on John. His facial hair grew in patches a bit, thicker in some places, it was no wonder he never grew it out...the mustache though, good lord that was thick. "I would say the desert aged you John, but really I think it's the ferret on your upper lip that's done it." he said with a grin. Truth was John did look older, weathered, but that would go away a bit with time, most of it anyway.
“That’s not possible-”
"Papa? Who's that?" Katherine asked as John walked past the living room and down the hallway. "Is he okay?"
Sherlock was curled on his left side facing John, resting his head on his shoulder, taking in his scent. "Yes... she's fine..." he said with a small nod. "’m not the only one that needs sleep," he murmured quietly, not wanting to go to sleep. He would probably just go back to that place, and it wasn't a place he wanted to be.  "Mm love you," he murmured quietly.
John had been sitting on his bed, leaning back against the wall and fiddling with Sherlock's scarf in his lap when the call sign came on on his screen, and he smiled, immediately clicking the answer button. "Hey baby!" he said, seeing a bouncing Katherine first, sitting in Sherlock's lap. The connection wasn't great, but god, it was good to see them. "Happy birthday, sweetheart." He smiled back at Sherlock, tilting the screen up so that he could see them better. "Hello, love. I miss you."
"You will have two children who love you; a daughter who reminded me too damned much of you for two years, and with any luck, a son who, lord knows, you're going to name Hamish against my wishes. And they are both going to have a loving father, and so many other wonderful people in their lives." John sagged a little, trying not to think about life without them.
Sherlock grinned, nipping a little at John's neck. "Good," he said, pulling back slightly and easing John down more on the bed, before laying next to him. "You need rest," he said, more insisting than he was suggesting it.
Sherlock sighed gently, rolling over and snuggling close to John. “Whoever it is can wait. I'm enjoying myself while I can before we're interrupted," he murmured gently.
John shook his head but let it go. He paused outside of the office door to press a kiss to the hollow of Sherlock's throat before turning and knocking on the door. He entered when he was told to, and ended having much the same conversation with the slightly older Alpha.
Sherlock swallowed thickly, then nodded a little, closing his eyes. He lay quietly for a little while, occasionally moving his head so his cheek brushed against John's jumper again. Eventually he dozed off a little, still shaking, a small whimper coming from him from time to time.
Sherlock let out a breath, not having told John about that particular aspect of his kind. “John, that is not advisable. I am quite sure you would not wish to engage in such an…act,” he said carefully. He was given a look by the other that indicated that he clearly wanted him to explain. Sherlock sighed, sitting up in his chair a little more.
Sherlock let out a breath, biting back a sob. He smoothed down John's hair, wiping the tears from his face. "Always, John... always," he said, laying him down and tucking a blanket around him. He swallowed, getting dressed and setting his plans in motion. He called Molly, giving her a short explanation, saying that he needed her. They had talked in theory, but she didn't know it was about him. She would help him he knew.
he thought quietly to himself.
Sherlock followed John down the steps, hesitating again at the door before stepping out. "Not especially. Though I would like to get some actual shoes." he said, looking down at the horrible beige slippers.
Katherine looked at John and nodded, grabbing a long thin present, holding it out to Sherlock. "Here, Daddy!" she said proudly.
The corner of Sherlock's mouth quirked up a fraction, "I'm glad you liked it," he said quietly. "It... was the last song I wrote," he said, looking down at the instrument in his hands. "It just stopped," he said quietly.
Sherlock didn't move, still, standing there for a while as if some part of him was hoping John would come back, say that they'd changed their minds, that they had more time. Say that the war was over and they were sending everyone home.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sherlock was still horrifically embarrassed. He slid off of the bed so that she could fix John's stitches. His hand went to his side and he winced, it hurt, but he ignored that, pacing the room a little.
Sherlock sighed, rolling over after a minute to curl up into John's chest. "We just had a holiday, and Christmas...I don't want anything, I have more than enough already," he said, looking up at John, blinking a couple times. "Really...you don't have to," he murmured.
When his skin was taunt, John started snipping away the three small stitches, using the tweezers to gently pull them out. He put the bandage on over the top of it and then leant down to kiss Sherlock's cheek. "There. Now, breakfast."
Sherlock shifted a little, humming quietly. He blinked his eyes open a little while later, looking down by his feet to see a sleeping Katherine curled up there. He tilted his head a little, looking at John, watching his face as he slept. He smiled a little, staying silent as his two people slept.
Sherlock let out a breath. "Not as much as they found me... or were following me," he said, looking at John. "It was the Alpha...from the flat," he said quietly, looking at the watch in his hands, not sure what he was looking for.
John blinked, looking down at Sherlock and smiling slightly. "Yeah. Yeah, I'm here now," he whispered. He combed his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "Would you like to be mine? I mean, I know you did before I left, but... do you still?"
Sherlock snickered a little. "If you can call that a foot, it's still really small," he said, rubbing her back gently. "And no… it doesn't," he murmured, nuzzling against John's shoulder.
Sherlock smiled, turning a little in the water and looking up at John. "Then don't fall asleep," he said, leaning up to press a kiss to John's jaw.
John looked across the store, realising, of course too late, that his friend was another Alpha. He shook his head, directing his attention back to Sherlock.
John leant into Sherlock's touch, humming quietly and smiling to himself. "I wish it would have been," he murmured, combing his fingers through Sherlock's slightly damp hair.
Sherlock shrugged a little, feeling neutral about his stomach for now. He let out a breath.
Angst. So much angst.
Sherlock nearly dropped the gun, putting the safety back on and pocketing it, letting out a relieved breath. "I... you weren't downstairs I... sorry," he said, taking a breath.
"Easy, baby," John murmured, clinging to Sherlock nearly as tightly as the Omega was clinging to him. He growled lowly in his chest as Sherlock's scent suddenly hit him, sending off signals that, even though they were mated, clearly called out that he was in heat, and probably would have attracted any Alpha. "Christ, let's never use these again," he said, disentangling himself from Sherlock's grip so that he could strip out of the rest of his clothes and pull Sherlock's pants off.
John twisted his head away, the motion painful with the grip Sebastian had on him. The fingers in his hair tightened, jerking his head back and exposing his neck.
A small noise almost like a cry came from Sherlock when he felt John knot, unable to stand it anymore as he finally came. His body clenched around John, his fingers digging into his back slightly as he cried out.
John woke up in a hospital bed, his arm in a sling resting against his chest. The lights in the room were too bright, so he closed his eyes.
John kneeled behind Sherlock so that his knees were pressed to either side of Sherlock's hips, just inches away from their bodies curving together. "Hands on your lap," he murmured, brushing his lips against Sherlock's neck, his hands coming to rest on his shoulders.
it. And it only made him more afraid.
Katherine rubbed her nose, sniffing again.
John smirked, lifting his hips up in slow, long movements, keeping his hand on Sherlock's hip to steady him. "No time," he said simply, pushing his movements a little faster. "Christ, you're gorgeous," he murmured, gazing up at Sherlock with an openly unguarded expression.
There weren't anymore nightmares for John that night, and Sherlock stayed awake to ensure just that, rubbing John's hand. He had to pry himself gently from John's grip, replacing the gap in his mate's arms with his pillow, so that John still had his scent. Sherlock had heard his phone go off, and it was Mindy. Twenty minutes later they were dropped off, and Sherlock smiled to see Hamish, who squealed when Sherlock lifted him up from Mindy's arms. He thanked Mindy, inviting her over in a couple days when John was more settled, before going upstairs. Katherine was bouncing with excitement, but she composed herself quickly, as Sherlock often did, and tiptoed into the bedroom. Sherlock followed her, smiling as he watched the four-year-old climb gently onto the bed and lay next to John, her face close to his. She reached up and trailed a finger down the bridge of his nose. "Papa?" she whispered.
Sherlock smiled. "’m already up," he said, tilting his head up to kiss John on the cheek. "Happy Christmas," he murmured as Katherine slid off the bed haphazardly and grabbed John's hand, tugging on it as she tried to drag him out of bed. "Come on, Papa! Presents! Santa came! Ate all the cookies!" she said, pulling with all her weight. Sherlock sat up, his hair sticking every which way from sleep, much like Katherine's did.
John looked up, startled to see Sherlock standing there. He was still in heat, what was he doing out of bed? John stood, grabbing Sherlock's hand and leading him back to the room, closing and locking the door behind them. He walked back over to his bed and sat down on it, putting his head in his hands. Christ, he was still bloody crying.
Katherine smiled, presenting the small package proudly. "Happy...ummm....late birthday Daddy!" she exclaimed, only pausing slightly to correct the statement. Sherlock smiled at her, reaching out to take the small box from her, then lifting her up and settling her on his lap. "Papa helped with the bow," she said, pointing to it.
John smiled, though it was wavering and thin. He took the tags from Sherlock's hand and slipped them back over Sherlock's head, settling them over his shirt on his chest. "No," he whispered, holding his palm over the tags. "Keep them. Stephen would get a kick out of it anyway." He squeezed Sherlock's hand back, then let it go, limping a little as he walked back to the closet and took out his boots. He tucked in the bottoms of the trousers and laced the boots up over the top of them. "Alright," he said, straightening and walking back over to Sherlock, "ready when you are."
Sherlock looked at him and nodded. "Of course; I didn't want to assume I was going but... of course, I'll go with you," he said quietly, gently placing his palm to John's cheek. He turned his gaze down. "I couldn't even go to my own parents’ grave, John; I still haven't. I know it's hard so... yes. I'll go," he said.
"Katherine, it's too slippery for that, I don't want you getting hurt," he called, also not wanting her to get too wet if they were going to a restaurant. "She has the day planned though...Sending her and Mish away for the rest of my birthday..." he said quietly, not wanting to upset her. Though he knew that at this point, it was too late to even try and suppress it. Maybe if he had a whole day to plan, but he didn't.
Sherlock swallowed, trying to press a little closer to John – god he needed closer to him – though John held him away. Gentle still, but firm. He wet his lips a little again, meeting John's gaze.
“Know your name? Simple enough given your various forms of identification more notably in your wallet which I’ve retrieved for you and around your neck. Not to mention your mobile. Though I didn’t go through the latter, no point really,” he said. “I also know that you’ve recently been invalided back from military service overseas, somewhere warm and arid. You took a bullet to your shoulder, through and through though you walk with a limp which your therapist believes to be psychosomatic, she’s quite correct I’m afraid. Now you’re living in London, though you’re not planning to for long, though not through any choice of your own,” he said, sitting back in the chair to watch John. See how he reacted.
John made a low, possessive noise in his chest, rolling his tongue over Sherlock's nipple and grazing his teeth across it. He nipped the sensitive skin before sucking it between his lips. He braced his weight with one hand, sliding his other down Sherlock's side, hooking behind his thigh and hitching it up higher. He pressed open-mouthed kisses across Sherlock's chest, giving equal attention to his other nipple and then moving his lips down, grazing his teeth over Sherlock's ribs.
Sherlock nodded, following her. "I know…" he said quietly, thanking her and slipping into the room. He saw John laying in the bed and took up a seat next to it, wishing he could just crawl in with him.
Sherlock looked down at where his hands were in his lap, not meeting Mindy's gaze – she would only read more off of it. "I'm not..." he didn't bother finishing the lie. Truth was, he was terrified, completely.
He pulled off his pyjamas, gently peeling off the bandage as it would fall off soon anyway. He climbed into the cool shower and stood behind John, wrapping his arms around him as he kissed his neck. "Try and relax your muscles. You held Katherine when she had it, now I'm going to hold you," he said quietly.
John took a sip of his coffee, walking towards the window and leaning against it. "It actually scares me," he admitted, watching the clouds rolling overhead and knowing it was going to start raining later. He had missed the predictability of London's fall weather. "I don't want to be alone in my mind for any length of time. I don't like what's in there anymore."
John kissed the tear away, nodding slowly at Sherlock's words. "Come here," he whispered, sitting up and pulling Sherlock with him. He scooted back against the headboard, leaning his shoulders against it and lifting Sherlock into his lap. "It's alright. Everything's going to be alright."
Sherlock let out a huff. "Why do you assume I'm
John forced them all to sit down at the table for a proper breakfast as it was now finally an appropriate time for eating, and then asked Katherine to go get dressed. "We've got to go to Gran Gran's, remember?"
"John?" he asked, stepping inside. He tapped on the curtain. "Can I join you?" he asked quietly. "Are you alright?"
“About Father? He’s taken poorly, but I was under the assumption that-”
John nodded, lifting Hamish up to blow a raspberry against his belly before he set him back down again. "Chase is saying that I should be home by the eighteenth," he said, grinning. "I have surgery scheduled to take out the heart monitor on the twelfth, and the casts on my feet are coming off tomorrow, and then it'll just be physical therapy in bed to make sure that I'll be okay, but, yeah, home by the eighteenth," he explained. "I'm still expected to be on bed rest until at least February, but he said starting December twenty-seventh or so I can walk around a little. Make a cuppa or something and then back to bed."
Sherlock blinked slowly, then nodded. "Alright." he said quietly, swallowing as he stepped away from the window and out of John's arms, his own arms wrapping around himself slowly.
I need to go, love, but it's me, I'm alright. I'm mending. I'm coming home soon, okay? Just hold on for me, and please get that looked after.
Sherlock was ushered up and the nurse brought him a hospital gown to change into.
Mike's ears went a little pink. "Sorry, didn't mean to... anyway. You ah… you're looking better," he said a little awkwardly to Sherlock, who nodded a small bit, not meeting his gaze.
The man seemed to consider this, looking at the small bit of blood that had welled up in Sherlock’s palm, the cut having healed already. “Wh-what will it do?” he asked.
Recognising Sherlock's absence, John rolled out of bed, grabbing his cane and slowly making his way into the living room. He watched Sherlock as he played his instrument, his silhouette in sharp relief against the late morning light coming through the window. He leant his shoulder against the door frame, unable to get over how good it was to see Sherlock again.
A: If there was one thing that Sherlock found to be intolerable, it was waiting. He'd never liked it, and now here he lay, getting more and more impatient, and scared. Katherine would stir occasionally, a whimper rising out of her and Sherlock would rub her back gently to soothe her, often doing the same for Hamish who would start fussing when she did. He eventually pulled out his phone, sending a message to Mycroft demanding he find where John was.
wanted. But he couldn't think...didn't understand who the American was. He did fall asleep at some point though, in the early morning.
John closed his eyes, not wanting to say anything, not wanting to relive anything. "If I looked at it kind of sideways, it... it looked like this home that I had booted into. Inspection, evacuation, whatever. I ended up killing two men with my hands. They were my first kills."
Sherlock settled on top of John, resting his head on his chest. "I love you...always." he murmured. He nodded a little, "I couldn't forget that John, never. I wouldn't be here...if not for you." he said quietly. "My life...it's yours, always will be." he said quietly. "Mon John," he breathed.
, and my first thought was that you would get pissed at me for not listening to you, not that you would just... lie down on the road and give up!" He bit his lip, full on crying now. "You think this is living, and you're wrong. I don't care how intelligent you are, you're wrong if you think that this is your only option."
John sighed, a smile tugging his lips as he made his way into the bedroom, pulling on a blue jumper and some jeans. "You're going to have to slow down, Sherlock. I know you're excited, but I can't keep up with you if you start running."
Mycroft was a bit taken aback by the question, and had to think for a moment. Gregory's job was secure, and he could get paid leave, though even if he didn't Mycroft would see that they didn't go without. Mycroft knew his job would make it difficult, and he already had his hands full with Moriarty and keeping track of his brother and John. They were getting closer to Moriarty, he just had to show himself one time, and they would get him. He let out a breath. "I think... I would. Eventually," he said slowly. "And if I give one to him sooner than I might like... I think I wouldn't mind," he said.
to be on the front lines, taking bullets and patching up friends. He wants to defend what's right, and what he believes is right at the moment is you. And even if you keep pushing him away or lying to him or whatever it is you're doing to protect him, he's going to figure it out, he's going to get pissed, and then he's going to increase his effort tenfold." She sighed. "I may not like knowing that my son is protective as a bloody mother bear, but it's better than keeping him in a cage."
John gave Sherlock a few minutes before he stood from the bed and walked into the bathroom, glad that Sherlock had left the door unlocked and partially open. He sat on the edge of the tub, reaching down and gently combing through the curls at the nape of Sherlock's neck. "You're alright, love," he promised, easily able to tell how distraught he was. "You don't need to avoid me."
"Of course I let you fall asleep," John said, furrowing his eyebrows at Sherlock. "You needed the rest." He pushed to his feet, catching Sherlock's fingers for a moment as he walked into the bedroom to grab his bag. He took one more look around the room before turning sharply away and briskly walking down the hall.
. He glanced up at his mother and could see that she was thinking the same thing. He knew that it wasn't uncommon for pups to get colicky at some point, where the milk wasn't sitting right in them, or their stomach just wouldn't settle, but he knew that if that happened to Katherine, he would immediately assume the worst.
John sagged in the bed as soon as his family was around the corner, reaching over and turning up his morphine drip. He turned to Chase as the other doctor walked over, giving him a quizzical look. "You didn't tell him about my PTSD, why?" John asked, to which the doctor shrugged.
John chuckled, easing Sherlock onto his side and slowly starting to massage circles into his lower back with his thumbs. He kissed his shoulder lightly, working his fingers up a little higher. "We'll go once you're rested," he promised, nuzzling against him. He knew Sherlock was bound to get snappish when he was tired – Lord knows he had yelled at John enough times. "Clara's going to be there, too," he said, moving his thumbs up along either side of Sherlock's spine, knowing which muscles to hit and where. "Got the text from Harry after you went to bed."
John smiled, lacing his fingers with Sherlock's as he returned the scenting, nuzzling against Sherlock's pulse point and licking it tentatively, then with more surety, adding a little nip at the end. "Always," he murmured. "I'm always yours."
John shook his head. "Leave me, please." His chest constricted when he thought of Sherlock, as he had been constantly. "I'm ordering you to leave me."
"She would," Sherlock murmured, stepping out into the lobby and out the door, his hand folded inside of John's. He hailed a cab and they slid in, Sherlock giving the address.
"I missed this place," John whispered, his eyes following people as they moved down the pavement, staring inside of shop windows and then moving on.
John flinched as Moran screamed for a moment in pain, the noise still too raw and familiar from his time in the Afghan desert. The noise cut off, replaced by whimpers and grunts, and John chanced only a quick glance at the Alpha who was trying to put a stop to his blood gushing out of his femoral artery.
John sighed, letting out a soft groan. "How? How do you always get it right?" He looked over at Sherlock, shoving his shoulder gently. "Yes, alright? I've got a thing for eyeliner. Not all the time, but on the rare occasion..." he trailed off, biting his cheek.
Sherlock smiled, standing up and walking into the kitchen. He hadn't bothered trying to deduce his present, not yet anyway. Less fun that way, and fun was something he could appreciate again. He had to with a three year old in the flat.
Sherlock smiled, watching John get dressed. He was leaning against the doorway and nodded. "Perfect," he said with a grin. "How long do you think this shop run will take?" he asked, walking over to John and wrapping his arms around him. "Don't want to have to deal with other people... they don't deserve to be around you right now," he said stubbornly.
John whimpered, his eyes closed tightly, his left hand squeezing Sherlock's. "It won't stop," he whispered, leaning back into Sherlock's hold. "None of it; it won't go away." He drew in a shuddering breath, holding it for a long moment. "I can still feel the heat, taste the grit that blows around in the air. I can still see
“It would appear so.” John looked at him steadily and let out a breath. “John, I understand you have questions, as is your right. But did you want to perhaps discuss that or the reason Mike brought you here?” he asked.
Sherlock felt like he was going crazy, but then he was also oddly content. He had Katherine, who seemed more and more alert each day. And he had John, who seemed... less so. Sherlock demanded another bed be brought in for him, though most of the time John still slept cramped with Sherlock on his.
"S'okay. Daddy...jus'scared." she murmured, curling up against him, her feet still resting in John's lap.
"I... I haven't played in a long time; it was shaky. And the violin needs more work," Sherlock murmured, moving over to the chair to sit down and spend more time polishing it and tending to the bow. "It's been neglected," he said, looking at the box when John mentioned it. "Yes, he thought I'd need a couple things," he murmured, smiling a little as he held his violin.
"John! Been a minute; how've you been?" Mike asked with a smile, gaze moving over to Sherlock. "No way... is that the same Omega that you got at the auction... looks a right sight better doesn't he?" he asked with a smile.
was the thought that crossed his mind. He couldn't help but raise the gun, though, a small bit of a tremble going through his arms despite himself.
"No fever. I'm going to give you some pre-cold medicine, alright?" he said, standing up and walking into the bathroom to fetch it before returning to the living room.
Katherine clumsily stabbed up more chicken, some of the sauce getting on her face as she ate, a bit of rice sticking to her chin. "Don’ have help me eat," she declared, smiling as she looked at her Papa.
He knew that it was likely a fairly non-invasive procedure, laparoscopic, like Sherlock's stomach had been. "I'm sorry," he said quietly. For John to have so many of them... the stress of everything, Sherlock's doing.
Sherlock shook his head; the chicken plate would do well enough. Mycroft tracked their phones, so he knew they'd ordered food from there, and would have it checked over. "No, that's it," he said, sitting back in his chair as he rocked Katherine gently.
John furrowed his eyebrows, stirring a bit at the soft touches along his cheeks. He made a small sound, both wanting to turn into them and wanting to turn away, but he couldn't really do either. His eyelids fluttered and he managed to open them, immediately meeting silver-blue ones. "Sherlock..." he rasped, giving a weak smile and tilting his head into his mate's hand. "How're you?"
Katherine hummed, snuggling close to John. "I know… love you Papa, lots and lots...gonna miss you," she said quietly. "But, Daddy said...learn to write good...in school, and...and going to write letters to Papa," She said quietly, mentioning what Daddy told her when he helped her get dressed. "Gonna see Papa on...on the Skype...and gonna be back." She wasn’t worried about it, only worried about her Daddy being sad.
John reached out and brushed softly at Sherlock's hair, his own growling stomach reminding himself that he hadn't eaten in over two days now.
John looked back at the screen. "I'm so sorry, Sherlock," he whispered. "I need to go. I love you so much. Tell Katty bye for me."
Fully awake now, John crossed over to the window and shut it himself, nuzzling against the crook of Sherlock's neck and breathing deeply.
John fell asleep as soon as he felt Sherlock relaxed beside him. It was dreamless at first, and warm, but then it... wasn't. Flashes and explosions danced on the edges of his vision, and he started shivering like mad. Eventually he was reliving a moment, his first officer that he lost, and he was being held back, helpless to do anything as his friend bled out before him.
"That was more of a shock than anything," John admitted. He lowered his eyes, staring at the folds of the blanket on his lap. "I'm actually more certain that you're angry at me."
John sighed, pushing noodles around his plate. "That's not what I meant. I just meant that it's not going to be easy. Raising a kid is not easy. It has it's rewards, yeah, it's just..." he drew in a long breath, setting his fork down for a moment, "scary."
"Oh, but our games have been fun, haven't they? Unfortunately, though, playtime's over, Sherlock. Daddy's had enough nowwwww."
Sherlock smiled a little, nipping lightly at John's neck. "Have to eat. You tossed up that muffin, remember? And I've hardly eaten anything since the case ended and I find myself... with a rather large appetite for once," he said, nibbling at John's ear carefully.
"I love you, too," John replied, able to feel and smell the change in Sherlock that shifted him from wanting to needing. "Oh, hello," John growled, biting at Sherlock’s lips and then down his neck. "Someone's early," he said cheekily, taking his fingers away and spreading Sherlock's legs wider. "God, you're so good, Sherlock. So good," he praised again his voice lowered once more.
It was several hours later when John woke up to what sounded like screaming, his heart beating like mad and adrenaline pulsing automatically through his system. He looked up at Sherlock, noticing that both he and Katherine were fine. Silence carried on for another several minutes, and it was only then that John realised the screaming had been in his head. He dropped his forehead onto his crossed arms, letting out a slow huff of breath, trying to calm down.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Your fiancée is not missing,” he said bluntly, fingers steepled under his chin. “I think you’ll find her just where you don’t want to think about her being, but you already know where she is. Her ex-girlfriend’s flat. You haven’t gone there because you know you’ll find her and then you’ll have to face the fact that she’s gone back to her despite the fact that you've been under the impression that the relationship was doing well. Quite mistaken though given the current circumstance you find yourself in. Good day, do try not to cry on anything on your way out.” He gestured to the door with his hand.
She laughed, gesturing at the coffee. "I brought that for you. It's nearly six."
John laid on his side, his arms folded across his chest. He was shaking again, biting his lip to the point of bleeding because he didn't know what to do. Sherlock wasn't dead, and he was happy, so happy that it nearly blinded him, but at the same time Sherlock had lied and left him alone for over two years to raise their daughter by himself. He had almost killed himself, had almost left his daughter with an uncle that she didn't know. "Fuck," he whispered, burying his face in his arms.
"Living is what you did before I left. Living is not keeping to yourself and snapping at the people who try to help you. That's surviving, and living is the opposite. Living is getting hurt, feeling the pain, and then moving on from it, because that's what we do. We continue to live for those who can't." John retook his seat, nearly collapsing in it, his leg practically giving out underneath him.
He looked in the room, seeing it painted light green with little flowers at the ceiling boarder. He smiled, though it fell from his lips as he looked down at the puddle of sick on Katherine's bed. He walked over, carefully balling up her bedding and putting it in a hamper before grabbing a pair of pyjamas, cooler ones since she no doubt had a fever, and started the trek back downstairs.
Sherlock's vision went white again when he felt John finish, his knot swelling amazingly in the right spot. He was shaking more now, going limp, and was thankful for John's arm around him as they rolled to the side.
Sherlock fell asleep wrapped up in John's arms, content once more and thinking again how he hadn't slept this well when John was gone. Thankful again that he had him. He woke up in the early morning when Hamish started crying, demanding a diaper change. He blinked his eyes open, rolling over and moving to pick the infant up and carry him over to the changing table, mostly on auto pilot.
John held Sherlock tighter, understanding his worry, his nerves, his need to see their pups. John wanted them too, wanted to make sure that they were safe and whole, but he already knew that they were. He wasn't driven my Omega hormones, he was driven by Alpha ones, and those told him to protect his family. He just needed to get them all together, first.
John stuck out his tongue, rolling onto his back and fishing his phone out of his pocket. He made a call down to the Chinese place, ordering Sherlock some spring rolls and nothing with pineapple, and getting himself some chicken and broccoli with rice. "Anything else before I hang up, love?" he asked, looking over at Sherlock.
Sherlock held firmly onto John's hand as he knocked, not allowing John to pull away and leave when it wasn't answered.
**********************************
Sherlock nodded a little. "Yes... I know," he said softly. But then who was going to protect John? He couldn't tell John's mother about Moriarty. Or how he'd tried to kill John just so he could take Sherlock.
he begged.
“You killed them?”
John growled, wrapping both of his arms around Sherlock and pulling him close, bracing his feet farther apart on the bed and slamming up with more force. His knot was growing rapidly again, and it wasn't long before he slammed into Sherlock, sinking all the way inside before coming forcefully, crying out Sherlock's name as he held his Omega against him.
Sherlock huffed out a stressed breath, kicking off a blanket.
John swallowed, squeezing Sherlock's hand before he released him, walking towards the blue door. After a moment's pause, he raised his hand and knocked, solidly, three times.
John immediately nodded, blinking and forcing himself to be more alert. "Yeah, where is she?" he asked, unable to really turn his head for as sore as his throat was. He reached up curiously and felt a bandage and the base of his neck.
Sherlock hummed, smiling against John's mouth. "Mmgood...surprisingly well. Considering what you just did to me You?" he asked softly, looking up at John. "Feel up to a shower? You haven't washed my hair in ages," he said.
John grimaced, wiping off his blade on the trouser leg of one of the men before he stood up, letting out a heavy sigh. He knew what was happening, why this building was chosen. They were wearing him out, and he could be in here for hours before he actually found them, if he ever did. The chances were much higher of them finding him first. And he didn't like those odds.
Sherlock smiled, looking down at John as he wrapped his arms around him. he let out a breath, "I'm going to try...do you still not like the name Hamish?" he asked quietly, following John over to his chair and sitting on his lap, curling up and resting his head on John's shoulder. "I want to give you a boy."
"I've noticed," John commented gently, running his fingers up to Sherlock's shoulder.
He blinked his eyes a few times, and they widened as he threw himself back off of him, nearly falling off the bed and gripping his side, which hurt with his movement. "John! I... I'm sorry I..." he swallowed thickly, looking around the room as if confirming that this is where he was.
Katherine smiled more at the thought, thinking already about things she'd draw for him. "Know how spell some things," she offered. "Like Papa and Daddy and Kat and cat and...dog and hat and case..." she listed off a few other short words, letting out a breath before grinning. "Daddy taught me how spell murder too!" she said, causing Sherlock to go a little red. Katherine had made another 'scene' in her doll house and had asked. Sherlock didn't think she'd retain the word when he'd spelled it once. That had been three weeks ago...so much for her forgetting that.
Sherlock shifted a little, the authority in John's voice almost hard to resist. He wet his lips, then shook his head. "You can afford it. Someone can sub for you at work, and my trust will take care of any expenses we meet," he said, setting his jaw, still sitting in his chair. "You can't have them," he said.
Katherine sniffed, a small, disappointed pout having formed on her lips. She nodded a little, looking down at the floor, "G'night Papa," she said, voice quiet. Sherlock let out a breath, squeezing John's hand. "I'll give them the morning, see about pulling Katty out of school a bit early so she can have more time with you." he said, almost jealous that he had to think of her first...he wanted time with John too. But that would come later, a whole lifetime. After saying goodbye again, he lead Katherine out, carrying Hamish as Katherine held onto his coat.
John looked back up, meeting the other Alpha's gaze. "You're going to make them all suffer?" It was more of a statement than a question. "All of them, the Beta handlers as well." He turned to look at Sherlock, exposing his back to Mycroft.
Sherlock huffed. "No, it's not okay. This whole pregnancy thing is throwing me off. I don't see as well as I should, and I can't think!" he snapped, shaking his head and pulling out his phone, arranging a few things. He sighed. "Come on. I want to be walking," he murmured.
She blinked her eyes open, inhaling a little sharply and looking around for a moment, as if she wasn't sure where she was. Her eyes fell on her Papa and she let out a breath, yawning a little as she rubbed one of her eyes.
"Oh," Katherine said quietly, climbing up onto his lap and settling there with a small sigh. She looked at the book, tilting her head up to look at John. "You hate him?" she asked quietly. "Mm know lying's bad... but he's sad," she said.
Katherine sniffled, not reacting to the term, as if him calling her that was normal. "S'hot..." she complained, clinging onto the toilet bowl when she was sick again.
"And I told
It was then that Sherlock could hear John again and he surfaced from his head, opening his eyes and looking up at John. He let out a breath, reaching up and cupping John's face, leaning up to kiss him gently and wrap his arms around him.
John didn't notice the tears that were pouring down his face. All he felt was the gaping ache that was consuming him as he clung tighter to Sherlock, burying his face in the crook of his neck. He sobbed, and the sound was more wounded than anything, because he knew it was his fault that Sherlock was begging, his fault that Sherlock was so upset. "I'm so sorry," he cried, clinging tighter to his mate as the guilty ache ripped through him.
Katherine sighed a little as her papa read to her, she liked it when he read stories to her. He did nice voices for the characters, and he dragged his finger under the words so she could look at each one as it was read, making it easier for her to follow. About half an hour into the story Katherine's head bobbed forward a bit, tilting back up quickly only to start falling forward once more until eventually she had fallen back asleep, not able to keep her eyes open anymore.
Sherlock hummed, whimpering a little as he kissed John desperately. "I kn-know... but, I need... I need it... you," he said quietly, nipping at John's neck a little. "Anything... please, just please."
"No," Sherlock said quickly. "I hardly remember or care about feeding myself; I would just kill a child sooner as help it," he said, looking down at his wrists.
John raised his eyebrows at Sherlock, asking without words whether or not this was the look he was going for.
John stood up almost immediately and stepped between the man and the bed where Sherlock was sleeping, his hackles raised.
Reaching down, John slipped his fingers around the waistband of Sherlock's pyjama bottoms and pulled them down along with his pants, tossing the articles of clothing aside. He undid the button and zip of his own jeans, breaking away from Sherlock so that he could pull them off before returning to the Omega.
"Do you want it?" John asked, his voice deep and husky with lust and need. He combed through Sherlock's hair, nearly drowning in his eyes.
John eased his fingers through Sherlock's hair for a few moments, smiling to himself as Sherlock nuzzled against him. He finally drifted off to sleep, settling down into a heavier one than last time. He clung tightly to Sherlock even as he slept, reminding his subconscious self that Sherlock was here and they were both safe.
Sherlock looked back towards the window. "Been working on a case, NSY has it all wrong of course. Been a few days, something else is going to happen, or it's going to happen again," he said.
John was led to a room straightaway, Mycroft already there, watching as they worked on John, getting him something in his IV to counteract the drugs in his system. "We're on this John...my people were already on their way when you called, which is why they got there so much quicker," he said, looking tired almost. He looked at his phone, letting out a breath. "Sherlock will be fine; I'm leaving here to go check on their progress. He'll be sent here for recovery and I'm sure you'll stay," he said with a nod. "You've every right after all..." he said, looking up at him. "I was harsh with you before, but know that I was only looking for his best interests. I worry about him... constantly. And now you, apparently. You'll both be under surveillance. When you leave, the flat will be watched. You won't see us... and pay us no mind. Our only hope of catching him is if he gets close again, and we
"W-wait," Sherlock panted, whimpering again at another cramp. It was a couple minutes before a car arrived, and they climbed into it, Sherlock all but lying down on the seat, curling into a ball.
John growled, fisting his hand in Sherlock's hair and pushing his head down until his forehead was resting on the mattress. He thrust into him harder, his knot filling rapidly at Sherlock's desperate begging and the fluttering of his muscles around John's length. "Fuck," John swore, wrapping his hand around Sherlock's cock as he thrust into him entirely, burying his knot before it swelled up completely, Sherlock's feverish body clenching around him as he came.
"I'm still here," John promised, noticing Sherlock had woken up. The heady scent of an Omega in full heat had started hitting him about ten minutes ago, and it wasn't getting better now that Sherlock was fully conscious. He reached out, taking Sherlock's hands into his own and stroking his knuckles. "I'm not leaving, you're fine." He dropped his head back against the headboard, the sudden throb of pain it gave him clearing his head for a moment.
” he murmured with a smile.
When John sat up and whirled to look at him, Sherlock winced, half expecting from old habits and memories to be backhanded. He blinked a couple times when John got up and raced out the door, Sherlock's heart pounding.
"I like Michael," John said quietly, nuzzling against Sherlock before kissing him softly again. "I hope he is a boy as we're thinking. And I hope he has blond hair and your beautiful eyes. I don't want a carbon copy of me running around. One John Watson is plenty," he teased, worrying Sherlock's lower lip between his teeth.
"It explains why in the hospital you started being far more protective of us, and if I wasn't holding her, you
At that moment, though, the nurse came back with a wheelchair.
"Everything alright?" John asked, his gaze flicking from the phone to Sherlock's face, studying them both as if trying to glean their deepest secrets. "Is that Mycroft finally getting back to you?" He traced his fingers from Sherlock's temple down to his jaw, trying to get him to relax. "What is it? What's wrong?"
wants," he said quietly. "I want it over," he said. He heard the chirp of his phone from the floor and rolled over, snatching it up and looking at the message.
John woke a few hours later, his eyelids fluttering softly and he hummed quietly. "You're still here," he murmured, looking up at Hamish and then at Sherlock. He pushed himself up into more of a sitting position, reaching out for the slightly fussy baby and taking him gently from Sherlock. "What's wrong with you, little one?" he asked, holding his son close to him. "Are you giving your daddy a hard time? You know he tries," he said, catching the attention of those bright blue eyes and holding them.
"You'll say no," Sherlock said, shaking his head. "I don't care what they say...if you can you say no. I'm going to be selfish this time, and you matter more to me than any of them," he said, combing through Katherine's hair gently. Katherine looked up at John, sniffling a little. "How long Papa's going be gone?" she asked quietly.
It was such a new way of living, one that even Sherlock had never experienced in his long life. Not just living with another person. That he had not done since his early years as a vampire, but living with a human. One that was…. His. The word was in his mind before he had even conscious thought of it. Yes, his. It had been only a few weeks since he and John had had that conversation. And a short time after that, Sherlock had done what he’d promised himself he wouldn’t. He’d fed.
So John just pulled the Omega fully onto his lap and turned back so that he could lean against the wall, his hand idly stroking through Sherlock's hair as the boy stayed buried away.
John raised his eyebrows at Sherlock's request, but pulled out his phone never the less.
Sherlock let out a breath closing his eyes and resting his head against John’s chest, hearing his heartbeat. "Right... both fine," he murmured, groaning when he heard his phone chirp. He tugged it out of his pocket.
Katherine was twisting her fingers a little bit, looking sheepishly down and glancing at the boots of the other men and women. She looked up when John knelt down in front of her and she sniffled a bit, not entirely sure it was just her cold. She nodded, "Mhm...take care of Daddy," she said quietly, wrapping her arms around his neck and held onto her. "Mmlove you Papa..." she said quietly, holding herself tightly to him and also moving quickly to wrap her legs around his middle as well, effectively holding herself onto him.
Don't degrade yourself, love. You deserve more than what I can give you, you really do. It's not your fault, and I'm glad you're better.
John shook his head, kissing and nipping and licking over the mark on the back of Sherlock's neck. "No, I'm really not. But damned if I don't try for you," he said quietly, nuzzling against Sherlock's hair. He unwrapped one of his arms so that he could hold Sherlock's hand over his chest, feeling the rapid beating of his heart slowly melding to match his own. "I love you," he whispered, "so, so much."
John watched Sherlock strip, gazing hungrily at him. He took a step forward, putting him close – within arm's length – but not too close. "Military kink, huh?" he said, his voice lilting slyly. "I may just have to fuck you with my clothes on, Mr Holmes."
“Six months is a good place to start,” John said softly, tightening his arm around Katherine so she wouldn’t feel left out. “But yeah, he probably needs it sooner with as much as he’s eating,” he commented. Sherlock nodded.
. And now you're telling me that he's built something new and moved on? No, I refuse to accept that. Where have you been his whole life? Don't you remember his habit of going into his head when he can't accept things? He's hiding in a reality that he created as punishment for himself, and he is going to stay there until he's ripped from it. It's a slow process, and it hurts like a bitch, but I am
John laughed lightly, leaning forward to connect their lips again. "I know, so do I," he agreed. "But it'll come. We'll probably know before we head home. It can be our big surprise to Katherine and my mum when we show up," he said with a smile, running his fingers over Sherlock's back.
John followed after Sherlock, walking over to the dresser and pulling on his pyjamas. He walked over to the bed, crawling under the blankets and turning down Sherlock's side in invitation for him. "Come here," he said quietly, reaching his hand out for Sherlock to join him, wanting the comfort of his closeness.
not wanting to relive that moment again. Sherlock didn't even know the whole story.
After applying some antibiotic cream over the minimal stitches, John redid the bandage and lightly kissed Sherlock's cheek. "Supper now, and then bed."
John growled a little, nipping at Sherlock's skin as his Alpha mentality took over for the moment. He thrust deeper and harder into Sherlock, moaning out his name as he gave a last, hard snap of his hips, burying his knot in Sherlock. He rolled his hips, hitting and rubbing against Sherlock's prostate, watching as the Omega slowly came undone.
Harry smiled. "Of course I'm here; I... I've been here a while I just... God I didn't know where to start looking for you. I heard you'd gone overseas," she said, wiping at her eye a little, seeing her brother.
John had expressed that it was different for him as well. Sherlock had been able to smell in the air the nervousness from the other, afraid of the bite despite trusting Sherlock. Given his past experience, he had expected as much. But that had disappeared, and he felt the relief the other was awash with.
Katherine sighed softly. "Love you too Papa, lots and lots." Sherlock smiled at the sight of John cuddling their daughter, looking down and stroking Hamish's cheek lightly with one finger. It was the only bit of the bundled up infant, his cheeks, nose and eyes visible. He thought about saying something, but he didn't want to interrupt them, too busy watching.
John leaned over against Sherlock, nuzzling against him. "I'm afraid that this isn't real," he whispered. "I'm afraid that I'm just unconscious, and when I wake up, I'm going to be out in that bloody desert again." He moved his finger a little, waving Hamish's hand. "I don't want to wake up, Sherlock. If this isn't actually happening, then I don't want to wake up." He looked up from their son's bright eyes and found Sherlock's, appreciating their depth, their mirage of color.
John glanced up at Sherlock as he continued to hold Katherine. He smiled at his mate, giving an understanding look with his eyes. They needed a night alone, they really did. He reached into his pocket, sending a text to his mum and asking if they could drop the kids off tomorrow for a play date.
Sherlock swallowed, shaking himself a bit. "Perfectly fine," he said, turning and starting towards the steps. John was an adult, he could do as he liked.
"Well, we've all thought you dead for the last few months," Molly whispered, so quietly John almost didn't hear her.
I can't tell Katherine about this...you going. She misses you, and I can't tell her you're not safe. I just keep telling her you're going to come home.
"For what?" John whispered, not recalling doing anything that was worth thanking. He set his free hand over Sherlock's on his stomach, squeezing his fingers lightly.
“It’s John,” the other said tersely, though hearing the name…made him feel odd. “So what it’s…coincidence?” he asked.
He couldn't have either, and the sooner he buried that, the better. They made him talk to doctors, and he did, staying factual and stating things as they were, doing their little tests.
John narrowed his eyes, a low growl escaping him as he paused by the doorway that the intruder had been leaning against. He curled his lip at the obvious mockery of John and his territory. "Fucking Alphas," he snarled, shrugging his jacket off and hanging it up on the door. He turned down the hall, grabbing Sherlock's hand and pulling him along.
John blinked his eyes open, finding himself in a dimly lit room. He had been knocked out with the butt of a rifle as soon as the nine men--Afghani, by the sound of their voices--had pulled him and his remaining team members from the vehicle. He groaned, rolling his head a little and having pain shoot through his temple. A quick assessment of himself showed that his arms were bound tightly behind his back and numb, and that he was sitting back against a wall. He felt otherwise unharmed, minus the bruised collarbone from the car crash.
"It'll go away soon enough, Katherine," he said quietly. "Stomach flu goes by much faster than a cold, even if it does seem worse," he said gently.
Sherlock sighed, looking up at John as he sat
to be gentle, almost.
John's face broke out in a huge grin, and he reached over to set his hand on top of Sherlock's, knowing he wouldn't be able to feel anyway. "She's letting you know she's in there," he said with a smile, reaching up to comb through Sherlock's hair. "She's a little early for active kicking, so she's probably just going to keep on doing it. Which is fine, because the theory is that the more active they are in the womb, the quieter they are when they're born." He winked at Sherlock, leaning over to kiss his cheek.
Sherlock sighed, taking a few steps towards John and closing the distance. "What?" he asked.
John woke up crying softly. Stupid dreams. He rested his forehead on Sherlock's neck, matching his breathing with his mate's in hopes of keeping him asleep longer. He wanted to wipe off his cheeks, but he didn't want to move and disturb Sherlock, so he left it alone. It could wait for now.
Sherlock shivered a little, nodding as he pressed another small kiss to John's lips. The fingers along his skin felt foreign against it, not having allowed himself to be touched in almost a year, not having liked anyone to. John's hands were calloused, but still gentle, the toughness of a soldier, but still soft enough for a surgeon.
to take them, but it's strongly encouraged."
Sherlock felt what had to be a couple of ribs crack as he landed in the back of the lorry, quickly climbing out and arranging himself on the pavement, ball under his right armpit as the people rushed forward. He made his face blank, forcing it because it would save John's life, and he could do that no matter the pain. He felt the sticky liquid pour onto his head and neck as he stared blankly, his eyes practically closed. He wouldn't need to blink, the tears he was holding back keeping his eyes wet.
John leant up on his elbows, furrowing his brow at Sherlock. "No… why would I be angry with you?"
"Sure, I can do that," John said with a smile, grabbing the pitcher of juice and pouring two glasses before retaking his seat. "Still want to go to the park, then? Just you and me?"
"Promise I won't go running after any murderous cabbies," Sherlock said with a small grin, looking over at John.
"I need to go to the flower shop," he said, pulling himself back and walking into the kitchen, boiling a pot of coffee and pulling a chocolate bar from one of their cabinets, and he munched on it while the coffee brewed.
Sherlock nodded a small bit, his hand running up to rest over the bump on his chest where the tags rested under his shirt. He let out a breath, "I will." he murmured. "And when you get back, I'll wear those...maybe Katty will want these...she's been after them for a little bit anyway." he said softly.
Sherlock groaned – still pacing – his back hurting from standing now. He huffed; he couldn't win. "What about them?" he asked. "That's more of a religious practice isn't it? And even then, there really is only one logical choice," he said, as if that was obvious. "Harry and Clara, and by proxy your mother. What, did you think Mycroft and Lestrade a good choice?" he asked, shaking his head a little, irritated this early in the morning. He sighed. "He'd see to it she or them never want for anything, and they would see to it that she's cared for properly," he stated.
The nurse looked over at John. "Perfectly healthy," she said. "Even for being early. She's got good lungs, I'll give her that," she said, looking down at the wailing pup.
Over. Christ, John hoped so. He held Katty closer to himself, closing his eyes as he rested his cheek on top of her head. "I'm going to call my old therapist today, see if she can recommend a good child therapist," he said softly, looking up at Sherlock.
during their stay at the hospital, and right now he was running on three to four hours of nightmare-filled sleep every night, waking up just as tired, if not
Sherlock stopped stirring for a moment before quickly continuing to do so. He swallowed, not turning back to look at John. "Not sure where you got that idea, John; best leave the deductions to me," he said, feeling his stomach twist.
Sherlock shook his head, face twisted into a frown. He felt a huge pressure in his chest, ripping its way out of him. He shouted, a sob tearing out of his chest. He crumpled against John, wondering briefly why his face was wet, and then decided he didn't care, nuzzling close to John as the sobs still came.
Sherlock hummed, smiling softly. "Takes after you too." he mumbled softly. He nodded a bit, not moving though, he could wait for the pills. "They won't hurt it will they? I don't want anything to ruin it." he said, touching his stomach, worried almost. He wondered if it would happen, having another pup, another chance at being there, properly there. He thought then about the pup he'd lost, Katherine's twin...he curled up more on John's lap, not wanting to think about that.
"Well," John said quietly, "I think that maybe facing them would be good for you. Obviously they're still affecting you if my mum picked up on them."
John smiled happily, petting through Sherlock's hair as he fell asleep. "There's a good lad," he murmured softly, relaxing underneath his mate as exhaustion overtook him as well. He didn't want to, but he quickly fell asleep, Sherlock's scent heavy around him.
"I didn't forget a damn thing. And Sherlock's an adult; you have no decisions over him, nor does anyone else, seeing as he still has a functioning brain and isn't in a vegetative state."
“Sherlock,” the voice finally said, somewhat resigned. Sherlock opened his eyes at hearing this, looking at the blond man directly. It wasn’t as if he was deliberately training John to do so, but he did so ever like hearing his name, especially when spoken by his human flatmate, so he was more likely to give John the attention he wanted when he used it.
"Just breathe, John, okay?" Sherlock said as they walked, painfully slow, towards where they had to go. "You just keep breathing, and don't stop for anything. Okay? You promise," he said.
"Nearly four months...my guess is he'll be crawling within a month and a half, he's already rolling over and pushing up some," he said softly. He reached over and smoothed down Hamish's soft blond hair, which had lost its curl slightly.
John turned to Sherlock, his eyes wide.
He let it be at that, hoping Sherlock replied. If he didn't... well... then John didn't know. He felt unsteady, mixed with too many emotions to sort them all out and demand order.
"Neither are you," John pointed out. "She listens to you, Sherlock. She knows what you're feeling because she can feel it too. You're deathly calm and stunned right now, and she knows that." He held Sherlock closer, closing his eyes tightly. "You gave us both a bit of a scare, I'm sure.”
"A burden? Please. I want to, and basically if you don't come with me and pick out what you want, I'm buying you jeans and t-shirts. But I
John didn't like the thought of the Omega leaving, but he wouldn't blame him or hold a grudge if he did.
Sherlock let out a breath. "I… I'll do what you think best," he said softly. "I mean I'm only... God, I'm only nineteen. What do I know?" he said. It made him seem so... ordinary. He knew a lot of people were barely starting uni at his age. He was going to have a pup. Seemed a bit... odd. He looked up at John. "Even if it means going to that vile place… I... I'll go."
Sherlock shrugged a little. "But you need your sleep too. For work, and not getting enough of it won't help things," he murmured quietly. He let out a breath, gently pulling his fingers out of Katherine's mouth, though she wouldn't relinquish them entirely.
Rubbing his eyes with a heavy sigh, John pushed to his feet, walking into the bedroom and stripping down to his pants, too tired to pull on his pyjamas, before crawling under the covers and curling up behind Sherlock. He was asleep almost instantly, wrapped up in the calm scent of the Omega beside him.
"Here," John said, handing Sherlock the butt of the gun. He moved to stand behind him, pressed close against his back, his arms lining up with the Omega's and his hands resting over both of Sherlock's on the gun. "I'm assuming you've shot before, but this one's a bit different from most 9 mils. You have to hold it with a teacup grip, or you won't be able to sight properly. She's fussy, my gun," he explained a little fondly. "Big kick on her, too, so when you're sighted, keep your head a little to the side, because she'll come back to here." John pulled the gun up to just about Sherlock's nose. "Let it kick that far. If you stiffen your arms shooting her, you'll miss, guaranteed."
Sherlock let out a breath, rubbing Katherine's back gently. He loved this, would always love this, and could only have it for so long. Soon enough Katherine wouldn't be able to be scooped up and held like this. He wanted her forever, John forever.
Sherlock smiled softly. "You're going to spend some time with your Gran Gran while your Papa and I go away for a little bit," he said.
Sherlock froze, looking at the faces on his phone. The first few were similar, but not
Sherlock shivered, starting to feel his pants getting a bit damp. He whined a little, nodding as he bit down on his lip. This was his worst heat, had to be, because apart from the flu, he wasn't alone, but John was hurt. "I kn-know," he said, swallowing thickly.
John nodded, eating more of his food. When he heard Katherine sniff again, he looked up at her, tilting his head curiously. "Sweetie, are your eyes itchy or watery, or is it just your nose?" he asked, taking a drink of the juice.
Four days later and John was as good as dead on his feet. He had just put Kat to bed, for the last time for a year and a half. Tomorrow was the day when he was getting on a plane, flying back out to the one place he had sworn to never return to. He had less than twelve hours left with Sherlock, and the thought made him nearly sick, and it almost brought him to his knees. He walked slowly down the stairs and into the living room, finding Sherlock on the couch and moving to sit beside him. He wanted to apologise, to cry, but nothing came out. He was numb, he was shocked. Where had their week gone?
Katherine took another step closer, leaning forward to see a little more of his neck, seeing it there. She fidgeted a little, wincing when she saw the needle. She looked at the scar on his shoulder. "Papa look," she said, pointing at it. "Like Papa's," she said, looking back up at the man's face. Her gaze kept settling on it and she took a breath, leaning on the bed a little, feeling comfortable despite the stranger on the bed. She blinked a few times, still looking at him.
John smirked at Sherlock, combing through Katty's hair and tucking a few stray curls behind her ear. "You know baby, Santa comes faster if you sleep," he murmured. "He has a special kind of magic that lets him know who's asleep, and he goes to their houses first." He gave a half shrug to Sherlock, hoping that Katherine believed him.
"Papa," Katherine said loudly, pulling on John’s shirt collar.
Katherine held onto her Papa's arms, trailing her finger along a scar on his forearm. She nodded a little, looking up when her head was tilted. "I know Papa," she said quietly. She sighed a little, resting her head against his chest. "I'm almost five. Ah turneded four, when I saw you. How old're you Papa?" she asked, holding up her fingers a little.
"I know... I know," Sherlock murmured, relishing the feeling of John rubbing his back. "Time is just a concept, really, and it's what you do with it," he said. "You are not going to sit here, sulk, and feel sorry for yourself, and neither am I. No point to it, really, and neither of us really want to leave it at that for two years," he murmured.
Sherlock felt kicked again, and looked down with shame, of all the things he'd said that had hurt and belittled others, John was the only one that could do the same to him. He swallowed, feeling a lump try and form in his throat. "I...I won't," he said quietly. "I promise I won't...I'll take care of her, and...and myself," he said, taking a small step towards John, wanting to be close to him. "A-and the baby," he added, "I don't want to hurt them...or you." Though it was his fear of John never coming back that was harming him more than anything.
John sighed quietly, setting the boxes aside and looking up at the Omega. "You didn't upset me, Sherlock," he promised, reaching out to stroke his fingertips over his cheek. "I upset myself; it's fine. I just want to go home is all."
John smiled, holding tightly to Sherlock and nuzzling against his shoulder. "Not as perfect as you, but I'll take what I can get," he teased, backing Sherlock farther into the room. "I'm going to change into something more comfortable," he said, stepping away and picking up his bag to unpack it into the chest of drawers. "Are we planning on christening the new bed tonight or tomorrow night?" he asked with a wink over his shoulder.
John laughed, taking odd pleasure in Sherlock's frustration. "I'm sure you'll survive," he said with a smile. "And yeah, we should probably pay them a visit and let them know. Lord knows if I call they'll suspect something right away." He kissed Sherlock's forehead and stood. "Let's eat something and then run to the hospital quick and get that over with."
After a few minutes of thought Sherlock finally came up with something. "Something to do with makeup?" he asked, not sure honestly, but it was more a shot in the dark than anything else. John had been looking at Sherlock's eyes when he mentioned it, so that was when he was thinking about it. "Something on my eyes?"
July 22
Sherlock nodded, still holding onto John, weaving his fingers into his damp hair, which would be cut short again. "It's not fair...we've been through enough. Most of it my fault...and I'm sorry for that," he said, letting out a breath. "When you come back, we are stealing away to that cabin for the rest of our lives, and just leave everyone behind," he said. "It'll just be us and our babes, and no Fatcroft or government...no one," he said.
They had time.
"What should we do for her birthday, Sherlock?" he asked, looking over at him. "Marble cake, probably, with chocolate frosting, but... what else?"
Sherlock felt a few sharp kicks, and let out a breath, breathing in John's scent. He hummed, rubbing his belly as the kicking subsided a little. Good, that worked then. If only that worked in bed. She was so picky.
Together they walked down the hall and into the living room where Sherlock put Hamish into his swing before going into the kitchen to start a grilled cheese sandwich for Katherine. When Sherlock finished the sandwich he was fidgeting from worry, which gnawed at his stomach the whole time, to the point that he almost felt physically sick from it. He smiled gently at Katherine thought as he set down the sandwich, cut in half, in front of Katherine. He poured her a glass of Chocolate milk and sat across from her.
John picked up his fork, pushing around some of the white pasta, twirling some around his fork and setting it in his mouth. He didn't taste it, and the starch hit his stomach like lead, making him a bit queasy, but he forced down a fourth of the dish.
John laughed, smiling affectionately at Sherlock. "Give it a few weeks. It'll start feeling
"These ones," Sherlock said, slipping them off as he didn't have socks. He sighed, taking up John's hand and leading him over towards the socks before he let go, glancing back at the man. "I'll just get some essential things," he said with a nod. "I can get it if you like," he said with a small smile.
"No, Sherlock. I just want the damn pills," John snarled, reaching forward and managing to catch onto Sherlock's arm. The unsteady momentum brought them both crashing to the ground and barely missing the coffee table.
"But then, the others were more fun, begging and all... like we're not all dying anyway, some just sooner than others," the cabbie lifted Sherlock up over to a table and put him into a chair. "Nice you are, though, pity."
Sherlock hummed lightly, feeling himself relax against John when he kissed his mark, shivering a little. He let out a breath, pulling away slightly. "So... what now?" he asked quietly. "I mean, well, you're the doctor," he murmured.
"We'll take it easy, then," John replied, wincing at the obvious pain the Omega was in. "You may as well lie back down. I'm not going to push your stomach with food right now."
He just wanted his Alpha back, to hold him again, to feel safe, and to stop fighting. But he'd ruined that. He held his side, reaching over for his still damp and bloodied shirt. "I... I can go," he made himself say. "I understand," he said quietly. "I just... didn't want to lie anymore."
John chuckled quietly, running his fingers through her dark hair and soothing one finger down her cheek. "Wants her way," he said quietly, watching as she pulled her arm free again. "Stop that now," he chided softly, putting her arm back into her bundle.
Sherlock let out a breath, nodding quietly. He knew that that was what it was, and he supposed it was good that John acknowledged that fact. They were still getting food. Sherlock would use the pup as an excuse, and then insist that John eat too. He felt almost as if it was holding their child hostage if he refused to eat too, but then if it would help John....
Sherlock hardly remembered being moved from recovery into their more permanent room for their brief stay. He was too busy looking at Hamish. God...he was perfect. Being a newborn he only wanted to sleep and eat, and after Sherlock fed him the first time the small pup got a dozey look that just achingly reminded Sherlock of the sleepy look John got when he relaxed after a day at work. Sherlock didn't want to relinquish him for anything, and didn't feel comfortable letting anyone else hold him. He was the same with Katherine, he'd only let John hold her, nurses he allowed under protest. Only this time he didn't have John.
Sherlock moaned again, biting his lip a little as John's fingers sank into him. "N-no... sir," he breathed, tightening a little around John's fingers. It had been such a long time since they'd done this. He let out a breath, arms trembling a small bit from holding up his weight, but he didn't move.
John made a small noise, rolling over and snuggling up against what he drowsily recognised as Sherlock. He nuzzled against Sherlock's chest, breathing in his scent and smiling slightly. "You ate," he whispered, kissing below Sherlock's collarbone. "Good."
"How's your stomach?" Sherlock asked, knowing John ate a full plate, not knowing how long it had been since he'd done so.
He smiled, looking at John again and kissing him, turning off the water.
John kissed the corner of Sherlock's mouth, wishing that he could get him to smile more often. "Yeah," he said, pulling back a little and looking over at the fireplace. "It was night, right around three in the morning. Me and two of my teammates were just scoping this area, having a look around, right? It was supposed to be deserted, but we weren't about to take chances, so we went out late, when most activity happens."
Sherlock lingered in the doorway of the kitchen, thinking about the empty bottles still under the sink that he'd emptied the night John got back. "You won't find it, because there isn't any," he said quietly, looking at John steadily.
"Oh, love, no," John whispered, holding Sherlock closer. "Don't torture yourself, please. Everything is going to be fine. You're going to have a healthy pup and we're going to spoil it senseless, alright?" He nuzzled against Sherlock's hair, rubbing his back when he felt him shiver.
"It pertains to my kicking his arse later," John said, taking the watch from Sherlock and rolling it over in his hands. "What do you think it means, this?" He held up the watch a little. "Study it but... for what? To what end?"
"Thanks, sis," John said softly, shifting Katherine in his arms and shushing her softly when she made a disgruntled noise.
Sherlock looked in the box and saw his Belstaff coat. It had been a bit long on him before, but when he lifted it up now, it was a perfect fit for him. He'd hardly got to wear it before; it had been a present from his grand-mére. He smiled, looking in the box and having his breath catch in his throat.
his Alpha. "But I'll never mention it again... please can I just... please hold me," he said quietly.
John refrained from pouting at Sherlock sitting across from him instead of on his lap. He sipped his tea again, reaching for yesterday's paper on the floor that he hadn't quite finished yet.
It was then that Sherlock recognised the scent, Alpha... figures, the last comment making sense now.
"Didn't think so." John eased his hand down Sherlock's back, soothing the heated skin, from a simple exhilarated blush this time and not a heat. He bit his lip as Sherlock tightened around his fingers, rubbing his fingers along his shoulders. "Relax, Sherlock," he said firmly, ghosting his fingertips back down Sherlock's back.
"Now you're doing that thing," John muttered, hopping down to sit beside Sherlock. He let out a long breath, leaning his shoulder against Sherlock's, staring straight ahead without blinking for a long time. "I know," he finally said, his hand finding his mate's and holding it. "I lived and they didn't. I was the one who was supposed to die and they all did instead. I –" He closed his mouth before he could say something that he would regret.
Sherlock whined when John pulled out of him, and he sat up a little more to reach out for John frantically, as if he was about to disappear. "John!" he said, pressing his lips to his shoulder, and his scar. "God...please," he begged, his erection almost aching, he needed John.
Sherlock took the clip out, looking at it. "Twelve, I think," he said, sliding it back into place as the car started pulling away. He gave the address of the Thai place that was close to the flat; they could just walk back. He swallowed, leaning up against John a little, his left shoulder against John's right.
Sherlock let out a breath, head too thick with sleep to think, and reacting just on instinct. He scooted over to where John was sitting on the edge of the bed bent over and draped himself over the curve of him, resting his head at the base of John's neck, his thin, bruised arms wrapping around John's middle as the man shook.
"Just relax," he murmured, resting Sherlock's head on his shoulder and wrapping his arm across his back, careful not to touch his bruised side. He rested his cheek against the top of the boy's mop of curls, breathing slowly and evenly in an effort to portray calmness and to get Sherlock's breaths to match his.
"I've got you," John whispered, and he felt that it was entirely true. He had Sherlock... who else did he need? "I'm almost not sure that I even want to go see them. I mean, I do, and I will, but... it's been four years and eleven months. I'm not..."
Sherlock sighed gently, standing up and keeping a grip on John's hand. He nodded, and they made their way to the door and outside. A black car was there, and Sherlock eyed the driver, recognising him. They both slid into the car and there was a black case there. Sherlock smirked, opening it and pulling out John's gun and knife. "Believe these are yours," he said with a small smile, before pulling out another gun. "Ah, and this one's mine," he said, running his hand over the glossy metal. "Don't have to share anymore."
"Lestrade said something about me being allowed on cases soon, guess Mycroft's giving me permission or something childish like that," he said, standing up and stretching. "I can start pumping some milk for her later... just for the few hours or so that I'm gone. Obviously when you're here," he said. He felt leery about leaving her; he'd always had her in his sights for almost a month now. But still, he knew it was unreasonable to
John slid forward, running his thumbs over Sherlock's knuckles and looking up at him. "I think that sounds like a good idea," he agreed, leaning up to nuzzle against Sherlock's collarbone. "I'll keep it in my drawer."
"Maybe I won't fall asleep holding her this time," he said, glancing up at John.
Sherlock looked over at the new strings and sheet music John had got him for his birthday; he'd already started to polish off the final draft of the song he'd composed.
John shook his head, instantly collecting himself in the face of his mate. He let out a harsh breath as Sherlock reached over to turn off the water of the shower. “I called Harry. She was a mess. M….Mum started hemorrhaging internally sometime during the night. She’s back in surgery, I don’t’ know how much more blood she can lose before she dies,” he said, his voice breaking slightly as he closed his eyes, fighting off the tears trying to well up.
Sherlock swallowed, shaking his head a little; that was just the heat talking. It was a biological response; the heats were there to have Omegas reproduce.
The human’s gaze shifted in one swift movement from the lovers, towards Sherlock. As soon as Sherlock’s eyes met his, the human’s face pinked somewhat across the room and he turned back as if he hadn’t been looking at all. Sherlock had just smiled, feeling something swell slightly in his chest.
Sherlock was carrying Katherine up the stairs to the flat, stepping into the familiar living room with a breath of relief.
John leant back, finishing his stew and setting the bowl in the sink. He filled a glass with water and set it in front of Sherlock. "When you finish those, come back to bed," he instructed, kissing Sherlock's forehead before he left the room.
Sherlock nodded a bit. "And her... the rest of your life, and mine. We have her," he said softly. He looked over towards the swing, letting out a breath. "We won't have to worry about him forever. And if I can help it, you won't be killing anyone again. Ever," he said, tilting his head up to look at John. "That's not your life anymore."
John glanced up at Sherlock, wondering why the hell he was still so comfortable around him after... after
Tomorrow already? Sherlock let out a breath, looking at Katherine, who still didn't seem too happy with them leaving. Sherlock bounced his knees a little. "Hey... you're going to have fun with your Gran though, aren't you?" he asked softly. "She’s probably going to spoil you senseless with biscuits and the like," he murmured softly into her ear, eliciting a giggle from the three year old.
John burrowed closer to Sherlock. "Go to sleep, love," he whispered, pressing a long kiss to the back of Sherlock's neck before resting his forehead there. He wasn't sure exactly what to do for Sherlock, but he knew rest was probably a good idea.
John sucked down a breath, holding Sherlock close to him. "I know, love," he whispered. "And I'm so sorry that I won't be here." He buried his face in Sherlock's hair, cradling him against his chest and quietly crying. "I'm so sorry, Sherlock. I'm so, so sorry."
