Sherlock held up his hand for silence, “Clare, the outside casing is immaterial to me; the essence of John is present, now back away for you are trying our patience.”
Sherlock felt along the ceiling until he found what he was looking for. A secret panel. They all watched in anticipation when he reached inside and held up a key. His victory was short lived though, for the cabinet groaned, creaked, then gave way, unable to sustain his weight. Its usefulness came to an end when Sherlock plummeted through its center.
I stare at my reflection in the glass behind him, ignoring the large dragon I see in its depths. I am terrified.
Mycroft sniffed and then continued on. “The statue was acquired around 1910 and remained in the same family until around 1938. At this time, it was sold to a family from Germany, the item was confiscated by the Nazi’s and did not surface until a few months ago. As I’ve said before it is not the statue that contains value. It’s what’s inside.”
I pat her on each shoulder. “Yes, I’m fine. It’s going to be a wonderful day. There’s been another dismemberment.”
You smile. “Thanks Mrs. Hudson, I am looking into getting a nanny for Alice, but it’s going to be a difficult match.”
Without a word Sherlock walked over to John and rummaged through his jacket pocket. He sucked in a long breath as he held up a near empty bottle. “John, you’re pain meds are almost gone. Didn’t you just refill this?”
Sherlock smiled back as he said, “Only a Doctor who is the patient would ask someone else ‘how are you?’.”
Your brow furrows in confusion as I take your warm hand in my cold, clammy one. I put my finger against your forehead. “Think it through, John.” I whisper as I let my hand trail down your cheek.
Mycroft stared after Sherlock’s retreating horse in annoyance. “What are you up to, little brother?” He whispered as he led their party forward.
“He’s made it through the surgery, but he isn’t awake yet. I think you should go in and sit with him. I will call Lestrade.”
I put the instrument to my chin, tune it, then begin to play the slashing chords, like a knife they cut through to the morrow of my being.
For the first time in his half-human state John felt tired, “I don’t have time for this mumbo jumbo, I’ve got to rescue Sherlock,” John thought as he pulled a bow from his back, strung an arrow and after a few moments of concentrating, he let the arrow fly. Zing the arrow sliced through the air hitting its target and as one of the horsemen fell to the ground, a moaning noise followed and then all was silent. “Well, that was pretty easy,” John cockily said aloud to the Shaman.
The Doctor put his glasses back on and said, “Bravo, Sherlock very good. See how I have molded you, shaped you, made you.”
I wait for his answer but he is fast asleep in my arms. “Lightweight,” I think as I look down at his face with a reluctant fondness.
When John finally feel asleep, Sherlock snuck out from underneath his arms and went in the bathroom and wept as he took a shower, for intimacy with John always eroded his self-control, and he couldn’t figure why John would ever want to be with a person such as himself, it just didn’t mathematically make sense.
Clare nodded. “You are; however if we have to stand and fight a pack of Yoma, we are going to need all the warriors we can. You are a slow traveler, due to the fact that you have to eat and sleep; however I have seen you train and you are very fast for a human.”
Sherlock looked down at the mutilated bodies of the Chinese gang members that Clare and John had killed. He could hardly believe that John had done such a thing. Sherlock pretended to look for clues even though he already possessed all the facts.
I am uneasy but I smile anyway. “Anything for you, Mary. What is it?” I ask as I watch the people below us. Some are talking. Some are stretching. Only a few sit in dazed shock from the power of Mozart’s music.
Then came Mycroft’s voice clear and strong. “Did you say heartbreak grass? Oh, Jesus, Sherlock what have you done?”
They sat down at the tea table and after a few sips of tea Sherlock restlessly got up and announced that he was going to look in on the neighbor. Sherlock’s grandma nodded and John fidgeted in his chair, unsure of what to say. His eyes rested on a landscape painting on the wall and he commented, “Why that painting is so lovely. Did you paint it?”
Still peeved Sherlock sighed, “John, this isn’t an Indiana Jones movie. The desert is a dangerous place at night.”
“Shit, damn it,” John swore as he swung Sherlock over his shoulder and made his way over to the shelter, gently carrying his precious cargo-Sherlock to safety. Quicker than John would have thought, he tore all of his clothes off and then Sherlock’s. “God, Sherlock’s body is ice cold.” John thought as he wrapped his warm body around Sherlock’s and covered them both with the blankets.
I nod. When I am finally naked, I feel like the seduced instead of the seducer. Anderson runs his hands along my body. “God, Sherlock you are so beautiful. So, smooth, so warm, so sensitive, so intelligent….”
Mary pulls my head down and then to my surprise she places her lips on mine. Out of curiosity my lips part. When Mary’s tongue touches mine I freeze, then her technique makes me respond. Her tongue is strong. Her breath is sweet. When she pulls away I feel cold. “Sherlock, John and I both love you. We both need you.” Then she hesitates. “We both want you.”
John rocked back and forth on his heels. “Sherlock, if it wasn’t for me doing little mundane chores, we’d starve to death.”
“Ghost or no ghost, it’s time for me to top. Though you aren’t with me, I want to feel you all around me. I want to hear you scream my name, like I screamed yours when you jumped.”
John watched Sherlock’s transformation in fascination for the muscles in his long, white neck, constricted as John’s touch deepened.  No longer was Sherlock, the brilliant painter, detective, violinist, genius, he was a man desperate for his lover’s touch. Though John was just working his hands across Sherlock’s back, Sherlock whimpered as if in pain, when he felt John’s hands on his bare skin. By the time John worked his way around Sherlock’s waist to undo his trousers; Sherlock was unashamedly begging John to take him.
Sherlock looked down at John as he lay in the wet sheets, his hair clung tightly to his ears, rivulets of water ran down his neck and soaked the pillow, and Sherlock felt light headed as his moist skin touched John’s. He paused for a moment in an effort to keep his hands from shaking and John smiled, that sweet smile that had made Sherlock’s heart stop on the ship where they first met. “John, I’m scared,” Sherlock said breathlessly as John entwined his legs around Sherlock’s waist.
Sherlock stared at John with an impure look. “Doctor, I promised you Petra by moonlight and you’re going to get it.”
John smiled and replied, “I knew the way you were going that your performance was going to disappoint you, no longevity, you know poof gone.”
I look at you. My focus comes back, but with it so does the battlefield. I close my eyes, allowing the analytical side of my brain to squelch the sights and sounds that have no bearing on the situation. We sit together in silence, letting the fear and pain of the environment wash over us. It’s you a me against the world and we will prevail.
Mrs. Hudson wrinkled her nose. “Well, the noise and carrying on. It was so loud I couldn’t hear the telly.”
John grabbed his arms so tightly that Sherlock yelped. “Sherlock, I would die for you a million times over. I would disembowel myself with my sword, I would poke my eye out, I would …” John’s voice trailed off as he tickled Sherlock. “Come on world’s greatest detective, stop the dramatics.”
I smile. “Don’t worry, I will take good care of them. I promise.” Then we all head for the door and I shiver, unable to shake the black feeling that hovers over me.
John laughed. “I know you’re a proper genius and most likely know how to put on the clothing; however I’ll play. Sherlock, do you need me to help you get dressed?” John asked mockingly.
A few moments later Sherlock gently laid the heated blanket over John and smiled when he saw chill bumps come up on John’s arms. “That feels so good,” John murmured as he slowly opened his eyes.  The sun was just beginning to set and John pulled the blanket under his chin as he looked over at Sherlock, “Sherlock, I’ve slept the whole day away. You didn’t stay here the whole time did you?” When Sherlock didn’t answer John sighed, “Sherlock, you must be hungry and most likely have to go to the loo by now.”
Sherlock moved his hand through the waning bubbles, looked down just below John’s pelvis and said, “Well, apparently not everything.”
They listened to the music for a moment and then Sherlock looked back at John with such intensity that John thought he was going to pass out. Sherlock reached forward and put his hands on John’s hips. John tensed but didn’t move as Sherlock pulled his pelvis closer to him. Sherlock then brought his lips so close to John that he could feel Sherlock’s warm breath on his cheek. John was as tight as a stone statue; however, he made no attempt to pull away as Sherlock’s lips met his and John thought he was going to faint when Sherlock slipped his tongue in his mouth. They stood there kissing each exploring the inside of the other’s oral cavity. Sherlock then pulled John towards him by the waist of his jeans and unbuckled his pants. He then rubbed on John’s penis and his excitement grew as he noticed that John’s erection was hardening by the second.  He began to massage the front of John’s crotch until he looked down and noticed that John had grown so large that his penis was now pointing to the side and hanging down through the leg opening of his underwear. Sherlock took a moment to record the image for future reference in his mind palace and then he pulled John’s pants down and took his penis in his mouth. John still hadn’t said a word however; he began to moan slightly when Sherlock ran his tongue around the tip of his penis. John began to lose his balance he felt so dizzy so, Sherlock supported John’s lower back until they were on the floor. Sherlock had a one track mind as he again took John in his mouth as if there had been no interruption. Sherlock then took a break for a second and lay back gasping aloud. “Oh God, John, John. Jesus, John I love you. You will be the death of me yet. You will break my heart”
Sherlock eyed the jug, “Maybe it was Vodka, now that’s a comforting thought”. Sherlock mused. John looked over at Sherlock, with the “let’s take them glance” as he quietly eased himself along the wall to where the two guards stood. Clare was three steps ahead of them, as she did an ankle sweep to the heel of one of the guards. Once he was down she choked him out until he lost consciousness. John still struggled with his guard as the Asian woman whimpered and crawled into a corner. Clare ran over and quickly knocked the guard’s feet from underneath him. Sherlock made a mental note to ask Clare how she executed the ankle sweep so quickly.
Sherlock held John’s naked body in his arms, inhaling his scent. “Sherlock, that tickles,” John laughed as Sherlock sniffed his neck.
The client was a beautiful tall Asian woman that John instantly admired, as if she read his mind she smiled back at him and winked after she briefly introduced herself to Sherlock. She then walked across the room to where John sat.
There was a cave that was just visible beneath the snow and the boy motioned for Sherlock to follow him. When Sherlock entered the cave, the boy was nowhere to be seen and Sherlock thought, “Shit, the little termite is nowhere to be seen.” It was the last thing Sherlock felt before he fell down a shaft. Sherlock felt his stomach churn as he fell through the darkness and then he felt a pressure and a squeezing, then nothing.
You come over and cover me with a blanket. “Sherlock, lie on your left side and put your right leg over the left, like this,” You say as you show me a picture on the drug insert.
For a second John fantasized what it would feel like to crush Sherlock’s windpipe. The realization of what he was doing finally dawned on John and he let go of Sherlock. “Sherlock, what have I done?” John cried as he gently helped Sherlock sit up.
By the time, we reach Baker Street, Anderson’s lips are clenched between his front teeth in a grimace of pain. You pay the cabbie, then exit, extending your hand to him. He takes it, allowing you to pull him to his feet. When I come around, he looks up at me. He is done in. Mrs. Hudson opens the door, clucking at us like a mother hen.
I draw the crop back to my left ear and strike Anderson’s ass checks a few times, then I aim higher. Other than a sharp intake of breath, he doesn’t utter a sound. I can see his rib cage struggling to expand. His breath is coming in short gasps.
“Sorry, John, we’ve got to hurry, for I’ve…we’ve got a potential client coming to Baker Street and I want you and me to review the details of the case together before we take it.” Sherlock replied breathlessly as he wheeled John into a small office.
I don’t know how to begin except to say I’m sorry for leaving you like I did. I had a good reason. It turns out that Mary really was pregnant. Sherlock, I have a daughter. The baby was being used as a pawn to control Mary. It breaks my heart to think of the stress our dearest Mary must have been under. I was given strict instructions not to involve you. Rest assured I will be safe and when I come home I will be bringing my daughter home. I know you will be clamoring for details but please be patient I will explain everything when we get home.”
Mycroft maneuvered John’s chair through the dark and the gloom. Its wheels’ ground to a halt just before they reached the entryway of a graffiti covered building. “Are you sure you want to proceed?” Mycroft asked in a soft tone, just loud enough for John to hear.
John stopped laughing. His pulse started to race as Sherlock stood in front of him. “What time is the meeting, Sherlock?” John asked emphasizing the letter “k”.
“Just thinking that Depok Chakra is full crap is all,” Sherlock replied playing with the small hairs on John’s neck.
John watched Sherlock stumble towards the door that led outside to freedom. “What’s wrong with him? Will somebody tell me what’s going on?” He demanded.
John lay in Sherlock’s arms, in a state of post-coital bliss, the sun had just come up and Sherlock reached over and turned off the lamp on the night side table as he gently ran his long fingers over John’s chest, lightly touching his skin only pausing to rub his thumbs on multiple parts of John’s neck, his sternum and then Sherlock moved his hands slightly to the right and slightly to the left, making circular motions until John put his hands around Sherlock’s waist and squeezed. Sherlock smiled as he straddled his body over John’s, shifting his weight to his knees so as not to make John uncomfortable. “Good Morning, John Watson,” Sherlock said letting John absorb the low dulcet tones of his voice as well as the tactile sensations from his roaming fingers.
Sherlock went numb with shock when John pulled out his sword and began to cut the gang member down. Sherlock couldn't tell whether the man was screaming for mercy or just screaming, however, the site that froze Sherlock with horror was the site of John reveling in the kill. John’s eyes were full of lust as he let the blood from the dying man’s throat spray all over him. Sherlock sank to the ground in despair, trying to shut out the crazed look on John’s face.
Sherlock’s grandma shook her head, “Oh Sherlock, I can’t really play anymore,” she said as she looked down at her gnarled hands.
Sherlock’s tortured thoughts dwindled away, when John reached down and pinched his thigh. “Hey, this whole thing would be better if you would participate as well.” Then he smiled and Sherlock was once again lost in the depths of his loving expression.
John smiled slyly at Sherlock. “You don’t know how happy I am to hear you say that. Sherlock, do you recognize the coat I’m wearing?”
The Shaman’s blue eyes glittered as he met John’s gaze, “John, look again and this time use your powers of observation.”
The second half of the opera is dark and terrible; it challenges my mind with its complex duets and resolutions. In each recapitulation there is a slight tonal difference. I look at the people around me, John, Mary, the others, most have no idea of what Mozart has accomplished. There is one who would know. There is one who would hear the complexity of Mozart’s Opera-Moriarty. He would know. He would hear. I look at John he is sound asleep on Mary’s shoulder oblivious of the rape and murder that Don Giovanni reaps upon any who oppose him. I steeple my fingers together and rest them at the fulcrum point just underneath my nose. Don Giovanni is doomed. His time is short.
John ran down the street in a happy daze, for today he was to meet Sherlock Holmes at the top of the Empire State Building and they were going to get married. Breathlessly he ran into the posh shop where he used to buy his suits when he was with Sharon and he hadn’t even been there five seconds when two sales girls pounced on him, “John, how nice to see you. It’s been so long. What do you want to look at today? We just got in a shipment of Armani Suits…”
After they were alone, Sherlock became shy and flustered. “Well, let me get the ramp running for the chair and…”
“John, I am here. Here, touch me.” Then he unbuttoned his shirt, allowing John to feel the alabaster skin that lay hidden beneath the purple soft fabric.
He didn’t answer. Instead he looked around the room, surveying his surroundings. “This isn’t a standard medical facility. Where am I and where is John?”
“No,” John cried as he rushed at the creature in fear and rage. John’s emotions got the better of him and as a result the Yoma quickly saw a weak place in John’s defense as its claws ripped his shoulder open. “Oh God,” John said as he sank to the ground in agony. The Yoma overcome with blood lust failed to notice Clare’s approach until it was too late. With a clean, thwack sound she sliced the Yoma’s head off its shoulders. The spurting head rolled across the courtyard in a grotesque windmill motion, until it flopped, unmoving against the wall.
I look up at you. “John, I want you to make love to me. I want you to make me yours.” I then begin to kiss you.
Laura clapped her hands together, which made John’s body twitch as he sat up. “What’s happening?” He asked in a sleepy voice.
I sigh, rolling my eyes. “Fine, but we may as well take Alice along for all the fun this is going to be.”
John once more stared at the blackness of the painting and moved on to the next work, the first paintings were all abstracts, radiating the same type of despair and brooding as the other works. Gradually, the paintings became lighter, and abstract turned into form and form turned into the individual shapes of people, places and things. It was the last painting that commanded John’s attention, the colors were all pastel, but the viewer need not be deceived by the light spring tones, for the painting was brimming over with passion. The focal point was a naked man on a stone alter, he was on his back, his legs, spread, his eyes closed, mouth open, a light covering over his lower regions and over him stood another man, his back to the viewer, his bare buttocks, tense, as his muscular hand hesitantly reached for the other man’s covering and even though the viewer could not see the man’s face as he reached out to the man lying on the alter, Sherlock’s painting managed to convey the man’s lust, fear, his longing for the human object of arousal that lay helpless in front of him.
“Dan, I want you to meet a friend of mine.” I gesture towards Molly. “This is Molly, she’s a …. Well, it doesn’t really matter what she does. She’s quite attractive, isn’t she?”
I do so. After a brief inspection you are satisfied, until you see the bruises. Your voice is low menacing. “Sherlock take off your shirt.”
Sherlock came off to the world as an uncaring machine but as he held John in his arms his sensitive nature released itself-freedom. His green eyes bored into John’s in awe at the miracle he held in his arms-John. Without a word Sherlock washed John’s face with a cool cloth, letting his nimble fingers rub the knot of tension out of his neck.
After I release, and Anderson swallows my load with his usual relish, I slide between his legs, finishing him off with the tip of my tongue, his come in my mouth a lovely pre-tea snack. Then like a choregraphed dance, you slide out of Anderson, I slide to the floor, then you and Anderson pull me back onto the bed. Like dogs we roll around in our own scents, while I sniff and taste you both.
I hear a low rumble, then a few moments later a slight vibration shakes the room. “John, are you okay?”
Once John and Sherlock were alone in the flat Sherlock sighed. “Well, alone at last. Shall I draw a bath for you? I’m sure you must be exhausted after our flight.”
John moved his legs apart, giving Sherlock easy access. “I’m not hungry for that kind of food, but I will be by dinner time.”
An nodded. “It is the same. It would appear that we are in the end of days for this world.” An’s voice trailed off in sorrow.
John smiled at Sherlock as he attempted to speak. “Ssh quiet I know what you want,” John whispered as he undid his pants and sprayed his warm, moist fluid over Sherlock’s stomach. John watched Sherlock’s ritual of rubbing the fluid over his stomach, on his chest, only stopping to rub it on the pulse point on his neck. “Sherlock, my kinky detective,” John whispered as he kissed Sherlock deeply.
Sherlock huffed, then began to fold up his creation. John edged closer, placing his hand on Sherlock’s wrist. “Hold on there. I didn’t say I wouldn’t try it. Explain, how does it work?”
“There were three horseman and the horses were Red, Black, and a type of Pale horse.” The scout replied in a trembling voice.
I don’t argue as tears spring to my eyes. You then reach over and give me two useless NSAID’S and then you hand me a pill I don’t recognize. “What’s this?” I ask with a note of hope.
Sherlock wrenched his hand from Mycroft’s grasp and began to pace back and forth, recalling every fact he knew about the Ebola virus. After a few fruitless deductions, Sherlock left the room and made his way down the hall, down the hall to a room normally kept locked, a room where once a dead boy’s shoes resided, a place of mildew and neglect, a place where Sherlock could keep secrets. Sherlock took a key out of his pocket, opened the door and quietly walked over to the fireplace as if preparing for communion in Church, he knelt down and pulled out a dusty red Moroccan leather case, carefully he opened it and sighed with relief when he saw the syringe, the needle glistening as a stray ray of light from a boarded up window shown across its sharp, shiny surface. Like a religious ritual, Sherlock took off his coat, rolled up his sleeve, prolonging the waiting as he carefully folded back layer after layer of fabric, until his translucent skin was bare, he then paused for a second to took a deep breath and plunged the needle in, throwing his head back Sherlock opened his mouth, his eyes glittered like emeralds, as he felt every nerve ending tingle, and as he reveled in the stimulation the drug gave him as if coursed through his veins, Sherlock thought, “Isn’t it ironic, that John has the same effect on me. He makes my nerve endings tingle, he makes my thoughts clear, John Watson makes everything right,” and as Sherlock’s eyes watered from the dust in the room he couldn’t imagine the world without his Doctor, his blogger, his lover, his friend, the very essence of  his soul.
Sherlock let the words wash over him and then sat up in a quick snap like a mummy, for John would have never disturbed his sleep. John lay sound asleep beside him. There was no one else in the tent. Sherlock yawned, shook his head, wiped the sleep from his eyes and then propped his head up on his elbow so that he could watch John sleep.
A dozen sex clubs pop into my mind, my eyes glaze over. You see right through me. “Um, Sherlock, we need to go somewhere quiet, conservative with mild food.”
I want to slap your face but I don’t, instead I just struggle to get untangled from your grasp. “Leave me alone,” I say as I wrench my arm free. I must get to my room before you see. I am too late. You are not as slow as you appear, dearest John.
The limo slowed and Sherlock looked out the window. Fog swirled around the vehicle as it inched its way forward like a ship coming into harbor. Harbor but not safe harbor. As they filed out of the limo Sherlock looked around him. He helped John disembark from one wheeled form of transportation to another-his wheelchair.
“I’m beginning to wonder who the crazy one is.” Wiggins said, while he struggled to get up. Sherlock ignored him, but his parting words replayed themselves in his mind, while he made his way to John’s room.
“Then get me a land line. Get me a goddamn carrier pigeon if you must, just let me know if they’re okay. I can’t concentrate.”
“Sherlock? Sherlock, can you hear me?” A voice calls out to me and attempts to rouse me by shaking my shoulder.
After he shut the door Sherlock rushed to John’s side, “Come on we’re getting out of here on one of the life rafts that I saw in…”
I am the first to recover. I look down at the wet spot in front of my trousers and button my coat shut. With a bored expression on my face I open the door and Lestrade charges in like a raging bull.
Sherlock looked over at John as his head moved closer to Rathery’s for they both appeared to be communicating. “Well, Rathery told me that her mate headed off towards the higher mountain tops.  Clare and I will take the lead since we can smell his scent the strongest.” John said as he motioned for everyone to follow him and Clare.
The woman nodded. “The surgery went very well, Mister Holmes. You can go in and see him now, but he is still a bit groggy. Follow me please.”
Sherlock was unable to talk for a few moments. “Yes, Doctor. John, you hold my heart, take care of it John Hamish Watson.” Sherlock panted.
Sherlock came forward and sat on John’s lap leaning back against his chest. “My but you are a big boy aren’t you?” John said as he kissed Sherlock’s neck.
Afterwards, Sherlock lay in John’s arms, wishing that they could make love non-stop for days on end, but his dinner break was over and he had to get back to the case.
He sighs, then turns to leave. I stop him. “Mycroft, I need my phone. I need to know if they’re okay.”
John spotted the Doctor’s wife across the room, “God, she is stunning,” John thought as he observed her cool, blonde, Aryan looks. As John wheeled towards her, she fixed her cool gaze on John and John took a deep breath of surprise for there was something warm and vulnerable about her that he didn’t expect to encounter and when she smiled it softened her angular facial features.
Something about Anderson sets me on edge. I shake my head to clear it and then head to the crime scene. The body is male, approximately 40 years of age. His throat has been slit but it is his big toe that I want to see or rather the space where it once resided. A deep socket stares back at me. I look at Lestrade. “Where is the big toe?” I ask.
I look up and there is Mary. Her eyes are dark and full of anger. She shakes my letter to John in front of me. “Sherlock, just how much do you think we can take?” She asks in a menacing tone.
Sherlock watched as John departed and wasn’t sure whether he was turned on or angry. “Angry sex with John,” Sherlock thought as he felt that warm pinching feeling pool around his lower extremities. “Oh John, I need you for a sec.” Sherlock called out.
“Yes, Sherlock you are. When you start to put a value on your own life, then you can begin to value others.”
Sherlock lost his angry focus when he looked into John’s eyes. They were so blue. Words deserted him and he allowed himself to get lost in their depths. He licked his lips, cursing himself when desire mixed with the solution in his veins exploded into a red hot passion that took his breath away. His hips twitched forward and he bit on his lower lip to keep a moan from escaping. “Mycroft, John and I will sort this out. Please leave.”
“I hear the panic in your voice, John as you order the medical personal to put another blanket on me. Dearest John, maybe you can hear me.”
I sneak back into the flat. You are not there. I have to get my hands on some cash, for my muscles are starting to tighten from withdrawals. I then begin to rummage through everything in the flat, looking for anything of value. I grab some of my science equipment, my laptop, your laptop, Mrs. Hudson’s cookie jar of cash, your wedding ring, your army medals, some books, then finally my violin. I pawn it all. I then take to the streets and blend in with my homeless network.
Sherlock glared over at Mycroft, “Well, now is a fine time to quote scripture. We need to use our heads not quote scripture.”
Mrs. Hudson smiled as she placed a dinner plate in front of John and Sherlock in turn. “Now, I am only cooking you both dinner because of your long journey. So, don’t expect this treatment every evening.”
I open my eyes and there stands Anderson. He has on a black button down silk shirt, tight black jeans, black leather boots and a black matching jacket. I am ashamed to admit that he looks hot. “You look ridiculous. Are you going on a date?” I ask in the most patronizing voice I can manage.
I turn my back on you and make my way to my bedroom. Tomorrow I will have to start on the herbal mix I had Molly make up. I can still see her doe brown eyes filling with tears as I tell her what it’s for.
“Yes, I’m ready to save the world.” Then I close my eyes, anticipating the feel of metal into flesh.
Sherlock grimaced, he hated that coat, it was the coat that John had been wearing when Moriarty had rigged John with a body bomb. “John, you know I hate that coat. Get rid of it.”
Laura blushed and then placed a cool hand on Sherlock’s arm. “The surgeon I speak of is myself. I’m Doctor Elsa Strasburg. Go ahead Google me. I’m the best.”
Laura pulled down John’s lower lip with her thumb, letting it linger in just the right place. When John shifted uncomfortably Laura smiled, “It sounds deadly dull.”
“Molly, the herbal mix is to assist me. It is all about the work for me. The herbs keep my libido in check. Sometimes my human body betrays me. It is at that this time that I bury it. I will not be ruled by anything but my intellect. Passion is painful, is it not Molly? Unrequited passion is like a cancer, destroying everything in its path.”  The words hurt her but I don’t care. It is all about the work.
Sherlock bit on his lower lip as he maneuvered John’s wheelchair through the crowd. He watched as most of the passengers headed towards the touristy section. “Which way should we go Sherlock?” John asked.
For a moment it seemed as if John was high, but as John clutched at Sherlock’s arm, Sherlock began to have his doubts, however like a true scientist he didn’t panic, he just wrote down the events as they unfolded. Sherlock dislodged himself from John’s grasp and sat back to see what would happen next.
I attack him with my full arsenal. I pull at the cuff. “You think this is good for me? What do you know? You’ve become just like him,” I say as I point to Mycroft.
The Shaman and John left, leaving Sherlock to contemplate the situation on his own. After a few musings, Sherlock became bored with battle plans and fell asleep. When he awoke someone must have carried him to bed for it was dark and Sherlock was tucked in tightly. He smiled when he felt John’s kiss on his cheek, “Goodnight, Sherlock,” John said as he jabbed a needle into Sherlock’s neck.
At first things appeared normal as John droned on and on. Then he stopped yawned and leaned back on the couch. “Sherlock, I feel so strange, so light,” John said as he shook his head.
I turn my back on him and on you too-John. “Leave me alone, let me complete my mission, let me die.”
“Well, what are you two doing?” Donavan askes as she looks from me to Anderson. She then raises an eyebrow as she observes my knees. “Well, judging from the state of your knees it looks as if you’ve been scrubbing Anderson’s floors.” Then like the cat that got the canary she stalks off.
The limo stops and Mycroft opens the door. Like a mother bear protecting her cub you step in front of me.
I don’t know how to save you. So, as usual I say the wrong thing. “John, relax it was just for science. I was bored. It meant nothing to me. So, why should it bother you? It doesn’t bother you does it?”
The Shaman and John left, leaving Sherlock to contemplate the situation on his own. After a few musings, Sherlock became bored with battle plans and fell asleep. When he awoke someone must have carried him to bed for it was dark and Sherlock was tucked in tightly. He smiled when he felt John’s kiss on his cheek, “Goodnight, Sherlock,” John said as he jabbed a needle into Sherlock’s neck.
Though Sherlock was trying to be gentle, his attempts were clumsy as his shaking hands removed John’s clothing. Like an inexperienced lover Sherlock moved quickly, desperate to physically penetrate John.
“He disgusts me, right now,” Sherlock thought and looked away. Suddenly, John sat up and exclaimed, “What the hell?”
I look at your curled up naked body, even in sleep you are beautiful John Watson. I walk slowly towards you as if each step is my last. Your blonde tussled hair lays like an angel’s wings across your brow. Tears fill my eyes. Looking at you is too much. I kiss the side of your neck. You stir but don’t wake. I lay a note beside your pillow. I sling my duffle bag over my shoulder. “Though it sounds corny, I will always love you, John,” I whisper aloud.
“Surly, you’ve noticed the pale scars on his arms?” Mycroft asked in a soft voice. The kindness in it made John anxious.
Sherlock turned on her like an angry mother bear. “Shut up, Laura,” he whispered between clenched teeth.
My heart sinks like a stone in my chest. This isn’t about love for you. It’s just lust. My eyes brim over with tears. What have I done?  Like a virginal bride on her wedding I look down at the ground. Then I lie on my back and stare up at you. You stop your preparations. “Sherlock, what is it? This is what you wanted, isn’t it?” I nod unable to meet your eyes. “Sherlock, you have done this before? Jesus, you’re not a virgin are you? You can’t be you went undercover as a sex worker.” You say aloud as you bite your lower lip.
Mary’s blue eyes bore into mine. “Sherlock, I know you’ve been in love with John ever since the first night I met you and John has been in love with you long before he met me. The fact that you slept together has been a long time coming.”
I whirl around. “Anderson.” He is standing there in his pants, his chest bare, a bandage around his ribcage.
I huddle in a cold waiting room, along with Lestrade. I look down at the ground, pulling my coat around my blood-soaked shirt. His blood, my shirt. The stiffness of the material scratches against my skin, like rats working to claw their way free from a trap.
Mycroft shone a flashlight into each pile of rags and the hairs on the back of John’s neck stood on end every time a hollow eyed addict stared back at them. Then the beam shone across a familiar figure. “There,” John whispered, pointing.
Anderson reaches out and pulls me to my feet. “Yes and so are you. We’re going to a gay bar, remember?”
Anderson swallows. “Umm, there’s been another murder. It’s just as you said. This one took place in the home of the victim and his second toe has been removed.”
Sherlock watched in helplessness as Laura examined John and then issued orders. Though he understood the dialect, Sherlock’s head swam in confusion as Laura barked out a list of medical supplies she would need.
John nodded and laughed, “Yes, she told me how you used to throw tantrums as a child when you didn’t get your way.”
I nod, then stop. “Make sure that they aren’t the cucumber ones. The doctor said no seeds or anything that could get stuck in his colon.”
There is a suction noise as my body breaks free of the mud. John steadies me as my legs adjust to walking. Like soldiers escaping from a horrific battle, we trudge back to the house. Once inside John leads me to the bathroom.
Anderson is back home again. He’s had the temporary bag removed and his infection is under control, but he is so thin. He lays back on the bed watching me while I hold Alice. You watch over him, taking his vitals and such. I stare while you bend over and imagine you going down on him.
The edge of Sherlock’s Keffiyeh blew in the wind as he stared down at John. He then blinked and looked away. “You are quite correct, Doctor. Perhaps…”
You reach up and touch my forehead. “You feel like you’ve got a fever. No doubt you’ve been working yourself up about all this. Let’s get you to bed and we’ll talk about this in the morning.”
You look away from my dilated eyes and turn to Lestrade. “Anderson’s in surgery now. He’s strong so I’m sure he’ll pull through.”
Sherlock laughed as his hands moved deeper into the folds of John’s robe. “It’s elementary, John. I’ve studied you from top to bottom. The way your skin heats us when I do this,” Sherlock whispered as he rubbed John’s earlobe. “Or the way your pulse quickens when I place your body here,” Sherlock said as he moved John’s hips in between his thighs. “Or the way you moan when I place my lips here….,” Sherlock said as he gravitated towards John’s pleasure center.
“Sherlock, you know as well as I do that hypnotism doesn’t always work, especially with a mind as strong as yours.”
After he obtained the key Mycroft approached the door with dread, wrinkling his nose in distaste at the curling paint that hung from the door in unruly curls, Mycroft reached out and peeled a curl of paint from the door, letting it flutter to the floor while he summoned up the courage to open the door. “Take a deep breath, Mycroft and open the door,” Mycroft whispered to himself. As the door creaked open, Mycroft coughed at the musty smell coming from within, streams of light filtered in through the boarded up windows illuminating Sherlock as he lay curled up on the floor like a woodland animal. Mycroft coughed again as he made his way across the room and  bent down to Sherlock’s side. “Sherlock?” Mycroft whispered as he turned Sherlock over on his back. Sherlock’s skin was cold and for a moment Mycroft thought he was dead. However, as Mycroft took Sherlock’s limp wrist in his own, he felt a slight pulse. Mycroft then slipped his arms underneath Sherlock, carried him to his room, and tucked him in. For a moment he stared at Sherlock as he slept, his high chiseled cheekbones and white translucent skin reminded Mycroft of an alabaster sculpture-a cold statue, a work of art, with features frozen in stone, never to love, never to smile, never to laugh. “Sherlock,” Mycroft whispered, as he hesitantly brushed a sweaty curl from Sherlock’s forehead. He then turned around, pausing only once at the door to make sure Sherlock’s chest rose and fell, as it should, as it did for all living things.
Sherlock caressed John’s hand in his own as he said, “Then allow me to tell you, John Watson that I love you. It would destroy if anything should happen to you.”
John opened his eyes to find Sherlock peering at him, his scientific gaze soon morphed into that of a lover as John’s gaze registered his presence. “John, how are you?” Sherlock asked shakily as he stroked John’s wrist.
Lestrade sighed. “John, I was hoping you would wear off on Sherlock, but it appears that he is wearing off on you. God help us, we only need one Sherlock.”
“It’s okay, she means us no harm. She is mourning for her mate apparently he is in Clare’s world and can’t figure out how to get back. Rathery is her name and she is a dragon. Her kind went into hiding after Saint George killed a dragon in Libya during the 13
“My clean shaven Doctor, don’t tell me you are going to lose your composure now? I may not have actually slept with another person, however, I have watched tons of porn on the computer and I have experimented by myself.”
“Fine,” you say turning on the blue light, “I need to find a vein.” You approach me like a zoo keeper that has been attacked by a large animal that he now has to treat. Your hands rove over my arms, tears spring up in them when you observe the track marks of my abuse. You look away, take a deep breath, then you examine my legs, there is no clear vein of entry for it seems as if the track marks have spread like an out of control wisteria vine, its tendrils reaching everywhere.
The last couple of days have been pretty tough. I don’t remember them. John injects my poison of choice into me so that detoxing will go easier. He’s requested a blue light bulb from Mycroft so he can find a vein-a vein that hasn’t been destroyed. I shiver, for I deduce today is going to be difficult. Though I’m cold I take off all my clothes and wait for my fix, my fix of you and my recreational substance-my mind palace stimulation.
I don’t meet my contact until the next day, so I spend the rest of the afternoon and evening getting drunk. A knock on the door rouses me. I look around me in confusion. The room reeks of cigarette smoke, alcohol, sweat and desperation. How long have I been lying here? I look at the date on my watch. It’s a day and a half later. I’ve missed my meeting. I laugh and then light up another cigarette. The knocking at the door continues. I ignore it. After a few moments it stops and I immerse myself in the covert operation of avoiding my tumultuous inner thoughts. When the door flies open my body jerks in surprise. The cigarette falls from my cold fingers; its ember burns a hole in the rug. “It’s a good thing that I used Mycroft’s credit card,” I think as I smirk at it.
The Asian woman timidly put down a pot of rice and chicken, in her other hand she awkwardly balanced three bowls and a huge bottle of water.
John held tightly on to the back of Sherlock’s neck, “Sherlock, did you forget that I can hear your heart beat? You little shit,” he whispered. “I’ll give you five seconds to get up and come to the front room with me and if you don’t I just might make you do a three way because I know how much you enjoyed the last one.”
You have fallen asleep on Mary’s shoulder. You wipe a string of drool from the side of your face. You then clap and ask in a sleepy voice. “Is it over?”
I take the stairs two at a time, stumbling to get away from you. I move towards my secret room, then remember at the last moment that it is now a nursery. You mustn’t see. You don’t want to live with me and I won’t have you laughing at me. Your words come back to me, ‘what sane person brings a baby to live at Baker Street?’
Sherlock closed his eyes, imagining the last movement of Tchaikovsky’s Violin Concerto. The rousing tempo kept him alert and calm. “John, I need you to take my hand.” John looked up at him and complied. “Now keep your eyes fixed on me.”
Sherlock opened John’s shirt, his skin was not pierced either, and just to make sure Sherlock slid his arms around John’s waist, until he was satisfied that John was unharmed.
You stand between us. “Yes, he does. He needs to learn how to be a decent human being. Sherlock, say something nice.”
The ceremony was performed by a dour looking little man and John wondered what favor Sherlock had done for him to get a ceremony performed so quickly. John’s head jerked to attention when the magistrate asked in a monotone voice, “The rings please?”
“Your skin is so soft and white-like alabaster,” you say as you run your hands down my shivering thighs. Every move you make is deliberate but gentle, soft but hard. The process continues, part pain, part pleasure. With each thrust you mend me, with each thrust you break me, for tomorrow I’m sending you back to Mary.
Irene reached for it, licking her lips. Before she could grab it from Sherlock’s hand, Mycroft stepped in. “I’ll take that.”
John looked up at Sherlock to see if he were joking. He wasn’t. John smiled as the sun beat down upon them. He then leaned back, resting his head on Sherlock’s arm. Sherlock hesitated and then stroked John’s hair. John shivered from the touch and from the lengthening cool shadows that were starting to advance on the sun’s rays.
Sherlock, John and Clare, crept out of 221b Baker Street and blended into the inky darkness of the night. It took a while to get a cab and when they all piled into the back seat; the cabbie looked like he regretted the decision to pick them up.
Sherlock was about to push John further when Mycroft grabbed his arm. “Sherlock, stop now. I think your display of passion in the desert was enough don’t you?”
Sherlock plucked it from her hands, studying at it, then he looked up. “This is not just any rotor cipher. It is the most valuable cipher in the world.”
I pull you and Anderson close. “Scotland Yard is under attack. There’s been a credible threat on the entire city.  Now, get up and get out.”
Sherlock put his cool hand on John’s warm neck and then began to snip at the gum embedded in his hair. John felt chill bumps run up and down his arms as Sherlock guided the blade along his scalp. After he had cut most of the gum out Sherlock ran his fingers through the short tuffs of John’s hair and massaged his neck. After a few moments Sherlock reluctantly pulled his hands away before things got out of control. “I think I got most of it,” Sherlock said as his voice cracked.
John laughed and pulled Sherlock closer, “Yes, Sherlock it has. Now let me tell you about my meeting with Laura.”
John grinned sideways at Sherlock and said,”Of course you do. You are a proper genius, my proper genius.”
Sherlock detested when individuals that had been knocked out sat up and invariably asked in a sing song voice,” What happened?” Despite it being a pet peeve that is exactly what Sherlock did as he sat up with John supporting him, “What happened?”
We duck into an alley. “Hurry, John,” I say as I drag you along behind me. When your hand encloses around mine, I shiver, but not from the cold. We enter the den. The dregs of society lay on dirty mattresses. Their hopes and dreams destroyed by the pipe and the needle. I should be repulsed. I am not. I crave a fix. I can hear our pursuers. They are almost upon us.
I am overcome as I move your legs back to your shoulders, flexing them at a 45-degree angle to your body. I then kiss the round scar on your shoulder. My hands wander over your chest and stomach, delighting in the way you respond. You guide me, so that my entrance into the warmth of your body seems effortless. You clamp around me.
John coughed as Sherlock exhaled a smoke ring. “When were you going to tell me that you owned a Pascha’s palace?”
As the woman took off the rest of John’s clothes, he no longer seemed to be shy or inhibited as positioned himself on top of her. Sherlock watched curiously for a few moments, and then he undid his own pants, for he was starting to stick to the moisture that built up inside and beaded out in small drops on his hand. As John, pushed himself deeper and deeper, inside the woman, Sherlock could tell he was enjoying every minute, and suddenly the idea of a three way didn’t seem to be such a good idea anymore and as Sherlock approached the bed he had no idea where he fit in. The main goal had been to distract John so that Sherlock could inject him with the drug. However, Sherlock just stood there like an idiot, his shirt was still on, naked from the waist down, just staring at his erection.
Sherlock watched John as he tended to the man he had brutally beaten. John’s face was full of stain and Sherlock could tell from the way his sparring partner was constantly nodding his head that John must be apologizing over and over again. Finally, John got up and headed back to where Sherlock stood waiting for him. When John reached him Sherlock became overcome with dizziness and fainted dead away in John’s arms. John scooped him up as if Sherlock were a rag doll and carried him back to their strange little house.
“Yes, he told me that they came from medical experiments that he had performed on himself in the past.”  John’s voice trailed off, then he whispered, “My god, what are you saying?”
“I couldn’t figure out why Victor was taken prisoner. I lost. The last thing I remember is her, setting fire to the curtains in my room. I beg her to let Victor out, but she puts a chair under the doorknob. Smoke fills the room and I can hear her laughing. I am fire and water is gone. She sings it over and over.”
Sherlock nodded silently, then he took John to the bathroom, waited for him to finish, helped him get dressed and so it was that about a half hour later that they sat facing each other across the kitchen table. John studied Sherlock, he was neatly dressed, and nothing was out of place, except for a slight dab of shaving cream on his jaw. “Sherlock, you have a dab of shaving cream on your jaw.”
Sherlock sniffed. “I never told him. John, I was ashamed. For many years I felt sure I must have done something to deserve it.”
A few hours later and they were all settled down in a private jet on its way to London. John lay sleeping in an oversized chair and Sherlock watched in fondness as a string of drool ran down his cheek. “Adorable,” he thought as he smiled.
Sherlock and John avoided each other aboard ship to prevent gossip; however it soon became apparent that their efforts were futile. For that evening all heads turned as John walked to a single table in the ship’s dining room in his dinner tuxedo, like an audience during a tennis match all the diners then swiveled their heads around to watch Sherlock’s reaction to his entrance. Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat as the head waiter showed John to a booth that was back to back against Sherlock’s. Sherlock scooted back against the booth as John sat down, “You look magnificent tonight.”
Sherlock went down like a sack of potatoes, blood spurting from his nose as it spattered the snow. “Dear God, let him be okay,” John thought as he ran to Sherlock’s side.
Sherlock fake pouted and then whispered in John’s ear. “Fine, we’ll go and get some mint tea and as for me getting a grip, I’m going to grip you so hard tonight that you will lose conciseness.”
Annette smirks. “Whatever you say, Mr. Holmes.” She then leads me to a room where I let my John Watson, work me over, then over then over again. A few hours later I lay in his arms smoking a cigarette as he proceeds to give me a crash course in sex worker 101. I smile. The game is on. I am going to love this case.
The internal conflict raged within him, then he sighed, noting the sound the pill made when it clattered against the rest of its counterparts.
Sherlock reached out to pull John into an embrace, but the loud speaker overhead announced that the ship be pulling into harbor soon. Glancing up in irritation, Sherlock frowned and rubbed John’s arm. “We’d better get ready to face things, our ship ride is almost over,” Sherlock said apprehensively he patted John on the arm.
Sherlock opened his eyes slowly and for a second he was confused about where he was. Then as he saw John training in the corner with a wooden staff-a Bo, the events of the previous day and more importantly the night came back to Sherlock in a rush. Sherlock sighed with pleasure for he felt deliciously sore in all the right places.
My eyes sparkle as I throw away containers of rotten Chinese food. “John, is coming home and he’s bringing a baby with him.”
Sherlock nodded wordlessly, bounded off the bed and a few moments later he came back with a glass, which he handed over to John, watching every move John made until John sighed, “Sherlock, I’m fine, let’s get a bath and we will feel better. I promise,” John said as he gripped Sherlock’s ice cold hand.
Anderson then reaches out and takes my hand to inspect his work. My heart hammers in my chest as his fingers graze mine. He intakes a sharp breath of air and then releases my hand. “Good night, Sherlock,” he says and then hops on his motorcycle and is gone.
I like the way his hands rest on my hips as he says, “Come on, Sherlock, you look fine. We’ve got a dinner reservation so come on.”
John looked around him and Sherlock’s hotel room. It was a mess. John’s boxers hung from a curtain rod. His shirt and pants lay in opposite directions along with his socks and shoes.
John leaned over the seat and grabbed the cabbie from behind. “I will not be responsible for this man’s welfare if you don’t let me attend to him.”
John threw some money at the cabbie as he got out of the cab. With his other hand he steadied Sherlock. As the cabbie drove off.  John flipped him off. “Fuck you, you prick.” John took Sherlock by the arm. “Come on, you can’t walk home in your present state. Let’s go to the bathroom in there,” John said as he pointed to a Pub. Sherlock sat on the toilet as John touched the side of his face. “My poor Sherlock I ‘m sorry but I’m going to have to finish with you here in this unromantic place. Ah well, it can’t be helped.” John sighed.
When you shake me awake, I have no idea how long I’ve been asleep. “You’re just like Redbeard,” I murmur, “you can make me relax and fall asleep anywhere.”
John pulled Sherlock’s face closer to his and place a light kiss on his lips. Eagar as always Sherlock responded and then pulled away. “John, you may have to go home without me.”
John held up his hand for the party to stop, “We need to rest awhile,” he said as he sat down next to the dragon. Everyone collapsed to the ground and began to rummage around in their backpacks for food and water. As Sherlock took out a thermos of water, he uneasily eyed the dragon. What or who was she going to eat? John laughed at Sherlock’s expression. “Don’t worry, Sherlock, Ratherty is a vegetarian and she only eats once a month.” John said as he patted the creature affectionately. Sherlock and crunched on some trail mix. For a moment the only sound in the caves was the crunching of everyone eating. Suddenly, John and Clare sat forward. “SSHH, listen,” John commanded. For a moment there was only silence, and then Sherlock heard it. Slide, thump, slide thump, Sherlock felt he had heard the sound before but couldn’t quite place it.
John knew all right, he knew all about the “A” list and their frantic attempts to stay on top; however if he were going to find out about the couple that he had overheard the night before, the Captain’s table would be the place to garner information.
I smooth a strand of hair out of his eyes. “Thank you, Anderson.” I stare at him, hoping that my glance will convey more than my simple ‘thank you’ has.
I wander the streets, people avoid me. I keep to the dark corners. When I go to withdraw some funds, my account has been frozen. “Damn, Mycroft,” I mutter.
Sherlock’s mouth felt dry and he wanted to weep, but he just sat there in silence. When he finally looked over at Mycroft, tears were coursing down his face and without a word he took his brother’s hand. A half-hour later, and that’s where Mrs. Hudson found them, frozen in terror like garden gnomes.
Without a word, I roll over and Anderson holds me in a chaste grasp. I can’t stop the tears that flow down my face.
John told Sherlock what the two dragons had told everyone in the village the previous night. To save this world and Earth, the inhabitants of Clare’s world must go to battle to gain control of the portal access. Only then could both worlds be saved. Sherlock frowned, “So, why can’t we just do battle from home-London? For that matter why not just destroy the portal?”
Jake stopped to thank her for the compliment and then decided to remain silent, due to the fact that he wasn’t sure whether he had been complimented or not. Pretty soon he felt his eyes grow heavy as his head drooped against his chest. The last thing Jake remembered was Clare’s glowing eyes fixated on him.
“I’m not feeling sorry for myself. John has just left me when I needed him the most,” I snap at him in anger.
The muscles tightened in Sherlock’s neck as he got up and grabbed Laura’s arm. “Leave my husband alone.”
Sherlock reached up and peeled away a piece of synthetic skin from John’s forehead. “How could I have missed this?” Sherlock asked aloud.
A few hours later and John sat strapped in the passenger seat of the chopper. Sherlock sat behind him leaning over his shoulder as they became air bound. Much to Sherlock’s alarm, John held out his arms as if a bird in flight. Sherlock scowled over at Laura’s amused expression and just held John tighter.
Sherlock’s father licked his lips, a sign that he wanted to give into Sherlock’s demands. “Father, please don’t put me in here,” Sherlock wined.
Sherlock turned around and reached towards a hookah pipe that sat bubbling away. He took one of the octopi- like tentacles of the pipe in his hand, took a drag, and blew smoke rings. “The house belongs to me, well us.”
“Yes, I’m a bullfighter,” Sherlock whispered in between gasps as John ran his fingers over Sherlock’s exposed neck.
John took the package and looked down, “I don’t have anything for you.” He said as he carefully un-wrapped the package.
We enter the club and as we do, Anderson releases my hand. I feel empty and free all at the same time. To keep myself centered I observe the inside of the establishment. The room is immersed in blue lights of differing hues. It is meant to simulate an underwater paradise. Ocean scenes are video mapped on the walls, as a bubble machine disperses tiny orbs of simulated oxygen into the air. It is quite spectacular. Anderson gauges my expression as we are led to our table.
Sherlock grunted and for a moment didn’t answer. “That feels so good, John, don’t stop. Now what were you saying?”
“Okay, god, it’s hard to slow up. I forget you like it deep, yet gentle. You are such a contradiction, my sweet detective. In person, you’re cold and efficient. In the bedroom, you want to be made love to. Let me help you relax. I know your spot. You are the brain and I am the heart. Well, considered yourself warned. I’m fucking you from my heart— my soul and I’ll tunnel all the way to your massive intellect, connecting us together. I’ll bring you back from the dead.”
Laura smiled, then held up her wine glass. “Cheers, to the upcoming battle. To the victor go the spoils.”
“Sherlock, may I undo your pants?” Anderson asks as if it is teatime and wants to know whether I like cream or sugar.
John then took a deep breath and dived underneath the water and as John’s mouth closed on an erogenous spot, Sherlock leaned his head back and let the tears fall. “John, my warrior, my love, my friend, “Sherlock thought as more tears cascaded down his face.
Sherlock looked over at John, his breath catching in his throat and his voice crackling from disuse, “I’m not hungry, but I do have to pee.”
Sherlock cleared his throat, coming around John’s chair, so that his pelvis was hidden from view. “Alan Turing created a cipher that couldn’t be broken, realizing its potential it was rumored that the British Government destroyed it.”
“Yes, no thanks to you. You should have had more control, you should have been able to pull the strike, so since you didn’t, I am going to show you how it feels,” John growled as he punched the man in the face as hard as he could. As the man hit the ground, John continued to hit and kick him, until the snow was spattered with Sherlock’s opponent’s blood. John knew he was losing control, but the smell of blood drove him to frenzy. “Oh God,” John thought as he felt the desire to kill spreading through his body. It was an experience so intense that it seemed almost like  sexual arousal. John threw his head back and his eyes began to glow. “This is it, God this is it,” John thought as he gasped for air, and then just as John was going to give in to his need, he felt a tug at his sleeve.
Once Sherlock, was bathed, he felt like a new person, ready to face anything. “Something was wrong, why was the house so quiet?” He thought as he walked by John’s room, fully expecting to see it empty and was surprised when he saw a prone figure in the bed; Molly was also in the room as she bent over to take the person’s temperature.  “How dare someone take John’s bed,” Sherlock thought angrily. Storming into the room Sherlock was about to burst into a drug induced tirade, but stopped short when he saw who was lying in the bed. “Mycroft?” Sherlock asked in puzzlement.
Without question Anderson does my bidding. In the bedroom I order him to strip. He stands before me naked. Why do I feel so vulnerable when he is the one shivering in front of me without a stitch of clothing?
John gripped Sherlock’s hand tighter. “Sherlock, don’t say that, for none of us knows what sorts of tragedies will befall us.”
Sherlock didn’t answer as they both went the opposite way. As John made his way to his room, Sherlock had quickly snuck up behind him. John held his finger to his lips and motioned for Sherlock to come into his cabin. Sherlock came in and smiled at the first class accommodations, as he made himself at home in a plush chair. “Look here John, there’s no reason why we can’t enjoy the cruise together.” Sherlock said as he pulled out a cigarette.
She holds my arm in a tight grip. “Sherlock, promise me. Promise me that you won’t hurt him with your callus stunts. He would never survive another St. Bart’s”
Heedless to the other occupants in the helicopter, Sherlock leaned forward and ruffled a curl of damp hair behind John’s ear. Mycroft rolled his eyes as John looked back at Sherlock with sleepy bedroom eyes.
Laura smiled. “Sherlock, you are so transparent. Irene and I were never exclusive. Our tastes are too varied. After all, haven’t I told you a million times how scrumptious John is?”
Irene didn’t look back. She just stared at the key. “We will leave for Switzerland day after tomorrow. If I know my grandfather, there will be another puzzle once we open the safety deposit box.”
Sherlock paced back and forth as the Ship’s Security officer grilled John like a drill sergeant. “When did you first meet Laura? When did you first meet Elsa? Did you have an affair with one or both of them?”
Later on that evening, John slipped on his white, dinner jacket, trying to ignore the memory of Sherlock watching him in admiration the last time he had worn it. “Come, on Watson, time to do battle,” John said aloud as he wheeled himself out of the cabin and down to the dining room.
“Phillip, not in front of the b-a-b-y.” Mrs. Hudson chides. They laugh together and I take comfort in the sounds of their muted conversation. Their words hover around me, until REM takes me to its dark underworld.
I can hear Alice crying in the background. “John, you have a child and I need you to keep Anderson and Mrs. Hudson safe.”
I glance into your eyes, and then look down. I know I don’t dare stare too long or I will be lost.  “I’m going to bed. I’ll leave you to your own deductions.”
Once they were back in their cabin and had both peed like racehorses, they ordered room service. While they were waiting for their food Sherlock looked over at John with a troubled frown, “John, I think I may have to go undercover, for everyone knows who we are, so I doubt whether our criminal will show his or her face. I’ve ran it by our client and he thinks it is a marvelous idea. However, it would mean that you would be alone in the cabin, for I would have to bunk with the crew.”
I can hear you pouring another scotch, the ice cubes hit the glass, the liquid hits your tongue and then burns its way down your throat. I wish I were the liquid, burning my way through you as you…swallow. I’m sleepy, goodnight John and then I’m out.
Sherlock looked down at John with a pout. “John, we don’t travel in the same circles. I know scores of “A List” people that you don’t.”
Mycroft sighed. “Fine, I’ll be there as soon as I can.” Then he disconnected the call, looking down at the phone with a frown.
“Sherlock, Sherlock, do you see what I see?” John whispered as he stared straight ahead at something or someone Sherlock couldn’t see and then John began to tell Sherlock about Afghanistan in such vivid detail that it seemed as if Sherlock was there with John.
“Okay, good I found one,” John said triumphantly as prepared me for my elixir; his face glowed eerily in the blue light. A slight alcohol swab and a pin prick latter and it was over. As John went to dispose of the needle, I took a couple of pills. Then I slipped a couple in his drink. “Soon the fun will begin,” I thought.
Mycroft looked in the direction Sherlock pointed out. “Brother mine, the cabinet in question is quite rusted out.”
“The image you see before us is a difficult jigsaw puzzle, each piece has to be obtained and put together one at a time. Google the image and this will come up as one of the most difficult jigsaw puzzles ever invented; however, the bomber also sent the word, ‘undeciphered,’ which indicates there is more to the puzzle than just the image, thus supporting my conclusion of a hidden cypher or cryptogram hidden within its depths.”
The woman pouted, tossing her lovely auburn curls over her shoulder. “Two of my workers have gone missing.”
John stands in front of my bed, his stance that of a soldier protecting a fellow soldier. He then turns to me. “Sherlock, it’s for your own good,” he says as he lays a gentle hand on my shoulder.
Mycroft claps a hand on my shoulder. “Well, brother mine, it seems as if you’ve saved us all once again.”
You laugh. “Sherlock, we’ve got to work on your foreplay vocabulary. The ark of the covenant, really?”
John took in a fresh breath of mountain air,”Well, it’s not London, but I suppose it will have to do for now.” John said as he once more took in his surroundings.
Sherlock looked around at the rest of their party; they were all shaking their heads in disorientation. Clare was the only one not affected for she was already on her feet without a hair out of place. As if following his train of thought, John fingered his chin in puzzlement.
John shook his head and looked up at Sherlock. “Are you telling me that you have never heard of the movie, ‘Casablanca’?”
Though Sherlock wasn’t looking forward to the futon mattress the steam bath was heavenly. It was located outside and was heated by natural spring. Sherlock leaned back and relaxed as the steam rose from his body. A few moments later John slipped in with him.
Sherlock nodded. He felt so inadequate for he knew John was only stopping so that he could rest.  Sherlock made his way further back into the cave as John hurriedly started a fire, portioned out meal rations and spread out comfortable mats for them to sleep on. As he moved some of the rocks beneath their mats John cut himself. “Damn,” John swore as he sucked on his finger.
Sherlock looked uncomfortable and then continued on. “John, the trip may be arduous. I’m afraid it will be too much for you.”
Mycroft took in a deep breath as he ignored Laura and Sherlock’s hateful looks at one another. He then got up making his way over to the cockpit of the plane. “There’s an extra bonus in this for you if you make to London as quickly as possible. Break every FAA rule if you have to, just get us there,” Mycroft snapped out loud enough for all the occupants of the plane to hear.
When John came back he washed out the wound and applied another bandage. Sherlock’s white skin was perfect and John’s fingers lingered longer than he had intended. Quickly, John pulled his hand back.
John swallowed as he clasped his shaking hands in his lap, thinking about how wrong he was about Sherlock’s character, for he was not just a genius, a human calculator, a cold sociopath, he was a man.
John looked at his computer screen, drawing a blank. How could he write about Sherlock’s funeral to a bunch of strangers? How could he tell them of what Sherlock had meant to him? The loss was unbearable. It felt like a heavy stone upon his chest, threatening to crush him. He shut the lid to his laptop, letting his blog go along with everything else. The one thing that gave him comfort was keeping a journal.
Sherlock was recovering from a gunshot wound and John was concerned. He walked over to where Sherlock sat. “Sherlock let me take a look.”
Mrs. Hudson becomes all mother hen as soon as she sets eyes on Anderson’s state. “Sherlock, what have you been doing? Shame on you for treating your friends so.”
Seeing his reticence, Sherlock’s mother took her husband by the arm. “Come on let’s go. It’s for the best. We love you Sherlock.”
Sherlock tried to stand and his own voice sounded like a freight train, “How long ago? I must join them.”
Looking around Sherlock made sure no one could see them as he stood up and faced John. John looked up at Sherlock with an intense gaze as he worked Sherlock’s pants open. By this time Sherlock’s face was starting to get red and blotchy. “John, it’s okay after all it’s not your fault that I can’t control myself. I don’t think I’m even going to last a minute.”
Lestrade exits the room and Anderson and I are alone at the crime scene. We both stare at each other, as if seeing each other for the first time. I clear my throat. “Umm, thanks for working with me, Anderson.”
The next day, John determined he would somehow find the couple that he had overheard last night, for the sooner the case was solved the sooner Sherlock would be by his side again. John looked around him in frustration wondering if any of the passing crewmembers were Sherlock; however they had both agreed that Sherlock wouldn’t contact John on the ship unless it was an emergency. If such an occasion arose, John would order a Brandy Alexander Cocktail from room service with extra nutmeg. It was tempting to wheel back to their cabin immediately and order said drink; however Sherlock would be quite cross.
“Sherlock, if you need to cry, please do you are safe with me.” John whispered as he gently massaged between Sherlock’s legs.
Sherlock stumbled forward. He then whispered into John’s ear. “Stop it, or do you want me to jerk you off right here in the street?”
As Sherlock and John get further embroiled in the search for the Golem, John discovers something terrible in Sherlock's past. In the meantime, John's senses have become enhanced, so that he can track the scent of blood like a hound.
John laughed, “Come on, get me out of here.” When Sherlock rose up from the bath, John swallowed for he truly looked beautiful, the water running down his white thighs, catching in places here and there until John’s hands shook with desire for his Greek water god.
Sherlock pressed his fingers against his temples, attempting to suppress the desire for a fix, a desire that he had eluded since his marriage to John, but yesterday had taxed him beyond his limits. The dark mood that pressed itself in on him threatened to strangulate any sane, logical thought processes.
You stroke my arm with your fingertips, until chill bumps raise the hair, making my flesh crawl with desire, like a craving. “Sherlock, you are a multi-faceted creature. I think we need to explore the possibility that the number three works for you.”
I smile. I hear Beethoven again. This time I keep silent about the music. I caress your thumb with my thumb. “We will get through this together, John.” I close my eyes and fall asleep to the angelic music of a deaf composer long since dead. A tear slides down my own cheek as I realize that Mary is gone. The only place I will ever see her is in the recesses of my mind palace, for unlike you dearest John I do not believe in heaven. No angels await, only darkness.
I open my eyes, giving Mycroft a malevolent stare. “What is it? How to do you expect me to get anything done with you constantly hovering over me?”
It was mid-morning before John and Sherlock began to focus on the case. Sherlock had managed to get his underwear and socks on, but nothing else. “I think Elsa and Laura are one and the same. I have arranged a meeting with an informant this afternoon. So, I’d better consider getting dressed.”
Sherlock shook John awake.”John, it’s okay, you’re safe.” Sherlock murmured as he stroked John’s forehead. John’s eyes flew open and they were full of terror. “Ssh,” Sherlock cooed. “What is it?” Sherlock asked softly.
“Your witness is correct; the man who strangled the victim was at least 2.5 meters tall. As you can see the man’s windpipe has been crushed. The bruising from the killer’s thumb prints are in and down, which would indicate that he was much taller than the victim.  Our victim was a baker judging from the faint dusting of flour on his hands, hence the fact that he was killed around 3am, which would correspond with the fact that most bakers start warming up their ovens at this time. The baker was also not the Golem’s target. There is no sign of a struggle and judging from the cigarette butts on the ground and the yellow stains of nicotine on his fingers, this man had come out to have a smoke and saw something he shouldn’t have. In another words he got in the way. What about the witness?”
Sherlock slid off the bed, willing the aching need in his body to subside as he faced the Doctor, “The patient’s name is Doctor John Watson, and I think I know what’s best for him.”
He dislodged his arm from her grasp, then nodded. “Fine, Doctor, thank you for your help. I will send a wire to your account. Your services are no longer required.”
John laughed. “Sherlock, I don’t need to eat anymore. I am a Claymore and God I am invincible.” John shouted as he bounced around the room.
When you are done preparing us both, you slide underneath me, wrapping your legs around my waist. “Is this how you want me, Sherlock?”
Sherlock coughed. Before John, Sherlock never imagined having sex with anyone, now he was like a horney adolescent. All John had to do was glance his way and Sherlock would feel his groin stir. “John, you can never have too much of a good thing. Why do you ask?”
Mycroft nodded and they inched forward into what felt like the cavern of hell. Cold stale air assailed their nostrils and John grimaced. A few moments later he wished for the stale air again. He took a few deep breaths to steady his pounding heart and immediately regretted the decision when the smell of urine, unwashed bodies and the sickening smell of burning toxins overcame his olfactory senses.
Sherlock grinned proceeding forward. Piles of rusted out equipment lay scattered around the room and he shivered when passing an abandoned gurney, humming under his breath.
Laura took a long seductive drag on her cigarette, “Evening out the score, John, evening out the score.”
“John, you are a soldier and I know you can do this. Keep Anderson, Alice and Mrs. Hudson safe and I will find you. Now put Anderson on and John I love you.”
Sherlock grinned back, “It sounds wonderful. Now I was thinking where are we going to meet in New York?”
John looked down and then met Sherlock’s eyes. “I’m sorry, Sherlock. I don’t know what go into me. Maybe I need something to get into me,” John said as he suggestively smiled at Sherlock. John then came and whispered into Sherlock’s ear. “Imagine making love in this cave while being pursued by Golem, it makes me hot with desire to think of it.” John turned around so that his motions were hidden from the other members of their party. He softly brushed his hand against Sherlock’s crotch and smiled smugly. “It looks as if you feel the same way, Sherlock. Better get some cold water, for we can’t play with all these hangers on and a dragon too.” John turned away without another word and motioned for the party to follow him. Sherlock’s loins ached with desire as he stumbled along after John. “The old John would have never played him like this”, Sherlock thought in despair.
Sherlock swiveled his hips forward, making John’s head snap back to rest on his shoulder. “That look,” Sherlock said as he looked into John’s glazed eyes.
“Are you finding it difficult to breathe?” I ask in a mocking tone. No sound. I strike him again and again. I lose myself in the violence of it all. Mary is gone-whack. John is gone-whack. I am alone-whack. I need a fix-whack. I want to stop but he won’t utter the safe word. “Fuck, Anderson have you forgotten your safe word?” No answer. I raise his head to look at me and I am the one to gasp. Anderson looks at me with red rimmed eyes. His forehead is beaded with sweat. He looks miserable and in pain. “Anderson, let me help you. Recant. Give me your safe word.”
“Wait, John, stop,” Sherlock shouted to no avail for John was already gone. The rest of the party quietly made their way through the tunnel without a word to one another. Water dripped from the rounded ceiling, making creepy drip, drip, drip, sounds as it did so. “Where is John?” Sherlock thought. “How could he have disappeared so quickly?” As if in answer to his question a gust of wind blew down the tunnel towards them. As it picked up speed, Sherlock wondered whether they should turn back and find cover. Then Sherlock felt a pressure against his chest as he was thrown into zero gravity. Just as he thought he would be crushed the wind ceased to blow and Sherlock found himself lying on a grassy mountain top. The noise from the wind temporarily affected his hearing and Sherlock felt like he was under water.
John’s eye’s looked black in the dancing firelight as he held out his hand towards Sherlock, “There’s only one way to find out. Sherlock, the world’s greatest consulting detective, come here and suck my thumb.” John said.
John answered this time. “I have no idea. After we surrendered our weapons the Golem knocked us out too.”
By the time we get to the restaurant my pants strain against my trousers. There is less room in the crotch area. I revel in the discomfort. Anderson is so undone that he parks the bike like a virgin rider, the tires wobble back and forth between his legs. I take the time to lean forward and nip his earlobe with my teeth.  He swings one leg over the seat, swaying to his feet.
Sherlock’s next sentence came out in a hurried breath. “John, please I want to feel you in me.” Sherlock said as he looked up at John. His hair was plastered to his forehead in a sweaty mass and his facial expression was relaxed and yet full of tense need at the same time.
Sherlock looked bewildered as he walked across the room to where John sat, “John, I think you are having a reaction to the shampoo you’re using. Next time we wash your hair, I should use something with a tea tree base. Yes, yes that should do it.” Sherlock said in triumph as he smiled at John.
John struggled against Clare and Sherlock and then he pulled himself off the woman and grabbed Sherlock by the throat and threw him to the ground. John wrapped his hands around Sherlock’s throat and began to choke him. “I have three seconds before I lose consciousness,” Sherlock thought as he struggled for air. “John, please stop,” Sherlock rasped.
I look at you. Your hair is fluffy and your tongue is stuck just a little over your upper lip. Jesus, do you even have a clue what that does to me? In order to curb my emotions I lash out at you. “John, you’re not trying hard enough. I swear Anderson could do a better job at finding a case than you. Come on; get your head in the game.” I shout. My words have the desired effect.
Anderson leans forward and plays with a lock of my hair. “Fools rush in, Sherlock, don’t they? I may be a fool but I am not a scared angel. I tread where I want and hope for the best.”
“Beautiful, aren’t they?” Irene whispered in Mycroft’s ear, running her long nails down the back of his neck. “We must keep them safe. It would be a shame if something happened to one of them. How long do you think Sherlock would last without his Doctor or vice versa?” When Mycroft didn’t answer, Irene continued. “Who would have thought that Sherlock Holmes would have found true love? That’s something that you and I will never know.”
John thought for a few moments and then snapped his fingers, “I know in six months, let’s meet at the top of the Empire State Building.”
Anderson stands up from his kneeling position and stands directly in front of me. “Phillip, call me Phillip.”
Sherlock nodded and then with the grace of a dancer settled himself behind John. He then checked John’s harness that he had fashioned for horseback riding, to make sure John was safety buckled in.
I nod. “I must tell Mrs. Hudson we need a bigger tub. In the meantime, Anderson will get his shower first, I will take a bath and John, you can bundle up our sheets for the laundry. Oh, and empty the trash bin as well. I’m sure all the used condoms are plastered to the sides by now.”
After a brief shower back at the flat, I shoot up and collapse into the warm sheets of my bed. Anderson then takes his shower. The smell of cocaine wafts through the air as he stares down at me. I roll over in the sheets like a caterpillar spinning in its cocoon.
John walked over and stood between Lestrade and Sherlock. “For God’s sake leave him alone, Lestrade. It’s just a couple of gang members, so who cares?” John looked down at the biscuit he was eating and smiled. “Sherlock, remind me to compliment Mrs. Hudson on these biscuits when we get home. I swear they are the best I’ve ever had.” John brushed some crumbs off his shirt looking from Sherlock to Lestrade. “What are you both staring at?”
Sherlock glared at Laura in annoyance and then turned back to John with a loving gaze. “John, Laura has enlisted my assistance in one of her endeavors. The search for the Gold Cat Bastet.”
You roll off of me; I smile because you are free. You dearest John will escape the flames-the fall. Your wings are not made of wax. You are strong. I let you soar.
You laugh. “Sherlock, you have no boundaries do you? Stop rooting around my anus like a dog. I’m fine.”
John fought to remain awake but soon gave up as the slight hum from the jet’s engines and the opiate from his pain killers lulled him to sleep. He awoke to the light brush of Sherlock’s fingers across his brow.
“You beckon to me,” Sherlock whispered in his low dulcet toned voice. He then opened the case with trembling hands. There it was the syringe. Sherlock licked his lips in anticipation as he tied off his arm with a rubber strap. Then he filled the syringe drawing in shaky breaths as he did so. Ignoring the scars on his arm Sherlock found what he was looking for-a vein. Then like Maleficent whispering into Sleeping Beauty’s ear, Sherlock heard his own destructive entity whisper. “Sherlock, plunge the needle in.”
Clare make a noise that Sherlock supposed was Clare’s form of laughing. “No, I wasn’t going to surrender my sword, however, John convinced me by holding a knife at my throat. Basically, he threatened to kill me in a slow tortuous way unless I did as your captors suggested.” Clare stared at Sherlock with irritation. “So, here we are.”
Without further ado the crew began filming and the interviewer asked Sherlock, “So, when is the wedding going to be?”
John looked up into Sherlock’s shinning eyes, “So does that mean that you’re a vir…”  The rest of his sentence was cut off by a shrieking tea kettle.
An old cement building stood in front of them, peeling paint ran down its walls like fossilized tears and John shivered. For it seemed as if the building shimmered in anticipation of their arrival. It’s black carnivorous windows hungry for their presence.
Anderson doesn’t reply. I hold back my laughter when I see him squirming. With all the cunning of a true predator, I slip my shoe off and press the heel of my foot between his legs. It’s a good thing the music is loud for it covers Anderson’s whimpering. The muscles in his neck tighten then his body goes limp.
I spare you having to say it. “Fine, just do it.” I no more than get the words out and I am vomiting yet again.
“It’s an ancient object that lay in neglect. I liberated it from a slow death.” I say as Anderson pulls out a joint. He brings it over to the bed while I reach over and grab my lighter from the floor. Anderson turns away as the sheet slips away. I cover myself in one haste motion and then we light up. After a few inhales we are giggling. I feel dizzy as I lay back in Anderson’s arms. He smooths my hair back from my forehead as he says, “Sherlock, you have to get clean. After all you have an intriguing case now. You shouldn’t have to use.”
In a last act of defiance Sherlock pulled on his restraints and screamed out, “Doctor, you are incorrect. No one made me this way. I made me this way. Do you hear me? I made me this way!”
John laughed and then winced as the vibrations rattled through his head. “Well, Sherlock since you’ve already blown your cover we may as well sleep in.”
John smiled up at Sherlock sadly for they both knew he was lying. “Sherlock loved to dance, loved to run, loved to play,” John thought, “And he’s stuck with a cripple.”
Sherlock then made his way to the bathroom, where John waited for him. John’s hair stuck to his face in wet strips, tempting Sherlock to carry him away to the bed. He sighed.
Sherlock ran across the room to turn the burner off and then came and stood before John. He looked down and then up and said, “Yes.”
“I swear if that condescending prick, says one more derogatory thing,” The waiter trailed off when he saw Sherlock.
“Sherlock what are you doing? I don’t think I’ve ever seen you clean,” Mrs. Hudson says as she looks to the left to recall an incident that both of us knows never occurred.
When Sherlock woke up he was lying curled up at the bottom of John’s feet. John lay on his back and was wrapped up like a mummy. Sherlock looked down at the clean outfit he was wearing and wondered who had dressed him. “God, it’s hot in here,” Sherlock thought as he fanned himself. They were in a different room than the one they had been in before, due to the fact that in the center of the room there was a well-like structure, which emitted warm steam from the heated rocks within it. Sherlock crawled over and the touched the side of John’s face, it still felt cold.
“John, what makes you think I am fighting the urge to cry? Are you doing that thing with the colors again?” Sherlock grunted as he changed positions so that John could reach him with ease.
Sherlock turned a tear stained face to where his once vibrant friend Daniel lay. His eyes were glazed over revealing his catatonic state and nothing more. If the eyes were the window to the soul his had been drained away until the essence inside bled out becoming an empty vessel.
I give you a tentative smile. “John, I want to talk about this now.” My green eyes meet your blue ones. You remain silent until I am finished telling you about Anderson. I wait for you to speak. When you finally do, I jump.
Laura smiled. “All in good time, my pet. Irene as you know is very persuasive. She needs protection and has decided to buy it at my expense.” Laura looked pensive for a moment or two and then patted Sherlock on the knee. “Don’t you worry my pet. As soon as the key is turned over to Irene my secret will be safe and then I will operate on John. “She then got up and walked across the plane to where John sat. Laura gave Sherlock a pointed look and then kissed John. She devoured his lower lip and then released it with a wet plopping sound.
Elsa smiled again and said, “You are so much more pleasant than I expected you to be, Doctor Watson.”
“Oh, stop complaining, you know you love the thrill of the chase just as much as I. Now, trust me in a few days we will both be feeling…”
Sherlock leaned over and made sure John was comfortable before he answered. “Who cares? We are finally free of that thing.”
Sherlock got dressed and hurried to the hallway, it was empty. He ran to the window and Sherlock was just in time to see John and Clare getting into a cab.  Clare’s head was peeking out of one window, sniffing the air, and John’s head was out the opposite window sniffing. For a moment he looked in Sherlock’s direction, and then he looked away and motioned the cab to go on.
Sherlock stood rooted to the spot staring at John. Then his eyes rolled up to the top of his head and he crumpled to the ground in a dead faint.
I try and relax as I feel you easing me open. I can’t I am as tight as a drum. But you are so clever John; you are skilled, for your fingers ply me into submission. The entrance of the small bullet suppository makes a suction sound as my body accepts it. Then just like that it’s over. You turn me over and pull the blanket up to my chin.
Mycroft glanced over at Laura and then sighed, “If you had remained with the rest of the party you would have heard that it isn’t the statue that is valuable it is what’s inside.”
John stirred and opened his eyes. Sherlock was by his side in an instant. “John, John, speak to me.” Sherlock commanded.
A nurse breezes into the room, not knowing how close I came to jerking the IV out of Anderson’s arm and sticking it into my own. “You’ll have to leave now.” Then she bustles me out and I stand out in the hall, like a refugee waiting for someone to claim me.
Sherlock was naked by this time. He fixed his eyes on John knelt down and sucked on John’s lower lip. “No, I’m not worried. I gave him Mycroft’s card.”
I pull up each of the colors in my mind to determine their wavelength frequencies and frequency intervals.
Anderson opens the door and is met with a cloud of steam. He lets some of it dissipate, then comes into the room. I grab a sponge, then attempt to wash my back. “Here let me get that.” Chill bumps raise on my arms when the warm water runs down my sides. The only sound in the room is the faint sound of the water running in the pipes from John’s shower and the splashing Anderson makes while he washes me. He pauses over my shoulder blades. “Sherlock, the scars…what are they from?”
“Yes, Doctor.” Then they peeled back the layers of clothing that separated them. Sherlock’s head snapped back when he felt, his Doctor’s tongue, and fingers pulsing intermittingly inside him. T
John laughed and pulled Sherlock closer. “Sherlock, you are such a weirdo, I love you, even though you are a proper kinky genius.”
I watch him in appreciation for a moment or two and then start on a circular pattern of my own. Together we go around the corpse in concentric circles. Then we both start to speak at once.
He then looked around the room once more, before grabbing his violin, coat, and hat, blending into the elements once he shut the door of 221b Baker Street.
Sherlock as usual was right for he only lasted about .58 seconds, but John didn’t care for he loved the smell of Sherlock’s manly fluid on his hands. John gave Sherlock a chance to get himself under control and then they wheeled out into the open like nothing had happened. Sherlock calm and looking bored wheeled John out into the open. John sat in his chair with a dopey smile on his lips as he smelled his hands.
Sherlock’s eyes widened as John’s short, stubby fingers found their target. “Surprised? Why Sherlock you see but do not observe. I am a Doctor and I know exactly what to do with my hands.”
After two days in the snow, Sherlock was thoroughly fed up. John reached out to steady Sherlock as he lost his footing yet again. As if reading his thoughts, John patted Sherlock on the shoulder. “It’s okay Sherlock, you’re superhuman back home and I am superhuman here. No matter what world we are in we will always complement each other.” John said cheerfully as his breath came out in cold, foggy clouds. The end of Sherlock’s red, cold nose dripped constantly, so much so that he had given up on facial tissue long ago. Sherlock sniffed, wiped the end of his nose with his scarf and then hurried to catch up with John.
“I have to take Alice for an appointment. I’m giving you Anderson’s pain pills. Whatever you do don’t let them out of your sight. He took one last night. I’m afraid this whole situation has taken a toll on him.”
Unconvinced, Sherlock gently moved John’s hand away as his long fingers explored the red marks on the back of John’s neck. John sat stock still, willing his body not to respond to Sherlock’s touch. “John, what shampoo are you using?” Sherlock asked as he moved John’s neck to the light where he could examine the little red welts that were starting to crop up on his skin.
The first chord of Mozart’s Don Giovanni fills the house. I close my eyes in pleasure for music is the closest reconciliation between my mind palace and the temporal world. Mozart’s music portrays Don Giovanni as the flawed evil character that he is. He is not a romantic figure. He is selfish. He is a rapist and a thief. He steals the joy from all those that surround him. Only his faithful servant sticks by him, attempting to dissuade him from the fall that is sure to overcome his master. My thoughts are consumed by the darkness in the D Minor chords of the Opera. Mozart brings me to despair. I am a fallen creature. Just as I shudder at the thought of giving in to the black thoughts that surround me, the house lights come back on. It is intermission.
I let you lead me back to bed. You lower me down on the mattress, like a groom easing his virgin bride to a place of vulnerability. I let my hips relax under you. John, your eyes are open wide, the pupils dilated. I deduce that you are primed. If I move my hand up and over 45 degrees I will touch you-touch you there. I move my hand upward slightly ever so slightly until I feel heat. I gasp for air. I know we are almost there-to the breakeven point. Then fear for your heart as well as mine overtakes me and I say, “For God’s sake John, I can’t breathe give me some air.”
One danger has left us as another begins. My hand works its way into your shirt. Then below your waistband, your jeans rub against one finger, the elastic band of your underwear against the other finger. My lungs feel as if they have shrunk to the upper part of my chest. My breathing is shallow. The fourth finger of my left hand, the third finger of my violin hand, works its way down, like a third finger stretch into another position. When it reaches the rough barbed hair below your navel, I stop. My courage has left me. “I am Sherlock, the world’s greatest consulting detective,” I whisper to myself as I pull my hand away from you, away from passion-back to logic. My heart, which I have proponed not to have, breaks again.
Sherlock came around and blocked John’s view of the outside world, “John, um…about last night. I mean it wasn’t you…it was me…it’s just that I wasn’t prepared for a physical…a physical union.”
Sherlock brought in one box, then sat down, studying its contents. Wiggins set a couple of boxes next to his feet. “There should be five more, hurry up.”
I look back at you and sigh. “I am the most analytical, therefore my suggestions will be the ones we will take.” Then without another word I head off to the bathroom. My bathing ritual is quite extensive and I begin by disrobing, then I turn on the water, letting it run until the temperature is hot. You and Mrs. Hudson always complain I’m a terrible water waster, but I don’t care. I can’t abide tepid bath water. After I am satisfied that I will be as red as a lobster when I submerge, I pour in a special blend of bath oil, then I lower myself in an inch at a time until my body adjusts to the heat. Once in I lean back and close my eyes. I must have dozed off. When someone knocks at the door I jump. “Come in.”
Sherlock grinned and was about to come up with a pithy retort when the doorbell sounded. Sherlock tapped the side of his face and mused aloud. “Short ring, followed by a long, ring followed by a short ring, ah it must be An’s brother.”
Sherlock lifted the lid of his laptop, knowing that once he accessed all the information on John Watson that he would be opening the equivalent of a Pandora’s box. He skimmed through all the information regarding John’s childhood, his military service, etc., until he came to the part about John’s breakdown. Then he closed his eyes, went to his mind palace, imagining what it must have been like.
John smiled and handed the case over,”Hey, aren’t you Sherlock Holmes? Why I’ve seen you on Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr and every social media site on the planet.”
I fight back tears as I swallow two or three times. “I will hunt down Mary’s killer, John, until we are both dead if need be.”
Anderson doesn’t utter a word as I tie him up. He knows the rules. I grab him by the back of his ponytail. “What is your safe word, Anderson?” I hiss.
“Someone’s hand is touching my wrist,” Sherlock thinks. “Who is it? I can’t open my eyes, so I will deduce. The grip is firm, but not painful. The fingers soft but not too soft.  I know who it is, it’s John…John Watson. I want to say something that will cut him to the quick, but I must be in a semi-consciousness state.” I will let mind wander until I fade into nothingness.
Wiggins looked smug. “Well, I knew you’d be pissed about the wine and you’d either drink the remainder down, or be too angry to work, either way I’d get my lie down. Elementary, eh?”
John kissed him back and then pulled away, “Sherlock, umm if you keep this up you are going to exceed your dinner break.”
John snuggled next to Sherlock. “My poor darling Sherlock, you have suffered. Oh, and please never think I will hurt you. I would rather die first. Now let’s get some sleep. Maybe we should get a shower first.” John breathed in the smell of Sherlock. He smelt like sweat, sex, and something else a sweet yet strong arid odor. John breathed deep and licked Sherlock’s arm. “Never mind I love the way you smell right now. If I had any blood pressure left in me I would take you now. Sherlock and John lay in bed kissing and fondling each other. Eventually John fell asleep in Sherlock’s arms.
John leaned back against the headrest and rolled his eyes back at Sherlock. “That’s okay, Sherlock.”
Sherlock ignored the chaos of the passengers disembarking around them as he whispered. “Yes, Doctor.”
I looked back at him, confused. John continued to stare at me. Determined not to let him win I glared back at him. For a moment I felt as if the whole world had suddenly stopped moving as John and I held each other’s gaze.
Sherlock stirred and winced at the shooting pain that encompassed his entire skull. Regardless of how much it would hurt Sherlock sat up and looked around him. Where were John and Clare? Sherlock felt gentle cool hands supporting his neck. Even before he spoke Sherlock knew it was John’s touch that supported him.
When I feel you swallow, the room swirls around me, I see spots, then I cry out. I’m not surprised when everything fades away.
Sherlock paused to memorize the way John looked as he lay back. His lips were full, flushed, moist and quivering. His hair congregated in sweaty curls behind his ears, as his chest heaved up and down to control his breathing. His hands as his fingers fisted the sheets, but most of all Sherlock memorized the contorted features of John’s face as he let Sherlock be his guide through every erogenous spot on his body.
I do a little jump and land in front of him. “We are dealing with a serial killer. This is only the beginning. There will be another murder. The victim will be at home and the second toe will be removed.”
Lestrade steps forward and sniffs Anderson. “Well, I can’t smell alcohol. Fine, I’ll leave you both to it.”
John fingered the place on his wrist that Sherlock had touched and without hesitation replied. “I would give anything to walk again.”
Sherlock nodded and then looked back at John and said softly, “That thing you did, calling me Fernando so that I would focus, that was brilliant.”
John took the cardigan and slipped it on. “This is a wonderful piece of craftsmanship,” John said as he fingered the sweater.
Still annoyed at Laura, Sherlock released a sarcastic verbal barb at John. “It’s just a chopper ride and it beats walking.” As soon as he said it Sherlock wished he could whisk his careless words back. “John, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to imply that…”
The Suite from Prokofiev’s Romeo and Juliet blares through the flat. I lay on my back, my legs spread open, while you both feast on my naked body. I am your sacrifice, burnt on the pyre of your warm lips and spearing tongues. My aural senses are gorged with the smacking sounds of flesh against flesh—licking and swallowing me whole. I raise my hips up to meet my oral benefactors, showering them with my release.
A few moments later, John was alone again, wondering how he was going to find out whom the voices belonged to and even though he knew he was a sitting target, John was excited for he was finally going to be doing something, he was not just going to waste away in that stupid chair.
John brushed Sherlock’s hair from his forehead. “Sherlock, how do you look so innocent and full of lust at the same time?” John asked as he untied the front of his pants. He then untied the front of Sherlock’s pants, flipped him on his stomach and loosened the back of his pants. John teased Sherlock with his fingers for a few moments and then entered Sherlock with one strong thrust. Sherlock reviled in pleasure as John’s movements increased in tempo. The only two sounds in the room were the sound of Sherlock whimpering in coordination with John’s noisy moist thrusts. Sherlock didn’t bother to hold back the tears of joy when John’s hot moisture poured inside him, as well as soaking his thighs.  John lay on top of Sherlock gasping for a few moments before he shoved himself up to clean up.
John started to get angry and then changed his mind. “Sherlock, let your doctor take a look,” John said as he lifted the blanket and slipped in beside Sherlock. “Sherlock, I have to check you for polyps.” John said as he wriggled his fingers deep inside Sherlock. For a few moments John moved his fingers in and out of Sherlock and then dove under the covers where his tongue took the place of his fingers.
Sherlock reached for another silken chord from his pack and said, “John, I’m going to tie you to the pommel, so that you can sleep.”
“Clare,” John said wearily as he climbed up the stairs. “Clare, someone needs to take Sherlock home. I can no longer trust myself with him. He is in too much danger here. Clare, can I trust you to find a guide to take Sherlock back?”
Sherlock and John ignored the chaos around them for the closer they got to the horsemen and their hordes of demons, the stronger the whirlwind vortex pulled at them. Several times demon-John had to help Sherlock to his feet until he finally walked at a 45 degree angle in front of Sherlock to shield him from bearing the brunt of the storm that raged around them.
In spite of myself I smile at my two angels. “Come on Sherlock, join us.” Mary shouts as she lays down in the snow and moves her arms back and forth to make circular wings. You lie next to her and do the same. For a moment the world seems magical-tranquil-peaceful like the domed fantasy atmosphere of a snow globe. Then you stand up and beckon to me.
Without a word Sherlock pulled John into his arms and kissed him fully on the mouth. He ignored the sounds of the city recovering from the horror that had almost overtaken them, as he slid his tongue into John’s mouth, twirling and twisting it around his tongue, like a snake squeezing its prey.
I am surprised. For it has been a long sexually deprived drought. My body snaps to attention so quickly that my muscles seized as I arched my lower back towards him. Then John did the unthinkable and pushed me away. Moisture from his forehead drips down, rolling away from my eye like a tear. “Sherlock, how could you have done this to me….just…just how could you?” John stuttered. Then he stood up and looked down at me, fixating on the tightness of my boxers. By this time his eyes are filled with tears. “Sherlock, you have lost your own game.”
“John I’m busy thinking, don’t interrupt,” Sherlock replied in an effort to avoid John’s eyes which remained fixated on him like a hawk.
Hugh and John remained silent as Sherlock went to his mind palace. John studied the face of the man he loved. The tight skin that was drawn over Sherlock’s cheekbones paled, making him look old and frightened. John reached up and took Sherlock’s cold, clammy hand in his own. Then he began to stroke the inside of Sherlock’s wrist, his fingers trailing over the bluish green veins that lie just below the surface of his skin. Sherlock looked down at John and his pulse raced as he stared into John’s beautiful, blue eyes. For a moment or two Sherlock struggled to control the lust and the desire that heated his cold skin. John, it was always John that turned his legs to jelly, made his heart beat fast and made the place between his thighs ache. Not caring if they were in public or not Sherlock discreetly moved a long finger down the back of John’s trousers, past the waistband, lower, lower, lower still, until he found the promised land. Without a thought about what would happen next, Sherlock pushed his finger in as far as it would go.
He grabbed his laptop and handed it to her. She studied the screen, then looked up at him. “This is unusual but it could work, but without a PET scan I would have no idea whether your formula would do him more harm than good.”
Later that evening Clare, Sherlock, and John discussed their next plan for capturing the Golem. All three agreed that at midnight the hunt for the Golem would begin. Clare left the room, as John flopped down on the couch.
Sherlock was so pent up with nervous energy that all he could do was pace. A crying baby caught his attention and he stopped, glared at it, then resumed his pacing.
Dearest John you are my top and I am your bottom, but the thought of screwing Anderson into the mattress until he begs for mercy appeals to me. I learned a great deal from Ms. Alder and I could have Anderson begging me to beat him to a jelly if I wished. I look into his face. His eyes are clouded with lust and something else. Hope. I don’t have to strip the layers of his soul. I know he is in love with me. Your residual of humanity makes me feel a twinge of guilt, John. I am frustrated for I had intended to torture Anderson like a prey animal. But his eyes are not to the side of his head. They are facing front like mine. I am confused. Who is the prey, myself or Anderson?
“It’s too dangerous to leave you here.” Then Sherlock began to pace as he thought aloud. “But I know you are in pain, so perhaps it would be best. The truth is the truth is…”
Sherlock thought, then he walked out of the room. Once outside the flat, he took a deep breath. The city was ready, ready to take him in its arms, ready to caress him with its decadent wares.
When Sherlock finally spoke, John nearly jumped out of his skin. “John,” Sherlock whispered. “I think you need to readjust the bandage, it is bothering me.
Elsa disengaged herself from John’s lap and sighed. “I’m sorry, John, I seem to be bringing down the party.”
All three prisoners made note of their surroundings. They were in what appeared to be an old brick dungeon, complete with iron bars, chains and manacles. Sherlock was surprised there wasn’t a skeleton or two lying around. He sighed. “Have our captors said what they want from us?” Sherlock asked.
A few hours later, they stood in front of the entrance to the bar. Sherlock looked down at John’s face. His expression was relaxed, dopey from the after effects of their afternoon sexual exploits. “I know what you’re thinking, John. You’re very naughty.” Sherlock whispered as he tussled John’s fine hair through his fingers. He then checked John’s bullet proof vest and fake plasma bag to make sure they were both in position. “Into battle we go my Doctor,” Sherlock said with a slight quiver in his voice.
I sigh. “And everyone thinks I’m the drama Queen.” As soon as my eyes behold your handwriting, dearest John, my hands start to shake and I read.
Sherlock moved his head to one side and then looked at his watch, “Oh it’s only after midnight, but no matter, are you hungry John?”
“Oh my, he really has gone off the deep end, hasn’t he? Oh, Sherlock, this is terrible. Well, at least he has the best of care in that private facility you have him in. Is there anything I can get you?”
Sherlock pulled his coat around him. Even though his eyes were glazed over he had enough sense to let John help him out of the cab.
I pull a scarf out of my pocket. I hide my face within its folds. Soon we are on our way to a crack house. We walk because no one will take us in a cab. We then take a bus. As we descend the steps of the bus even John shivers from the cold. We have only gone a short distance when I take your arm. “John, we are being followed.” I whisper into your ear.
Lestrade points to the top of the street sign where it is perched. I smile. “This little piggy went to market,” I say.
For a moment John wondered how Sherlock could keep such a promise and then everything swirled into a vortex of sight and sound. Hugh’s voice blended into Sherlock’s slurping, until John could no longer tell them apart. Both were music to John’s ears. The tension in John’s body built and then released in a warm liquid torrent, that Sherlock swallowed down in greedy gulps. John rested his legs over the arm rests of his chair as Sherlock focused on licking him clean. “He’s like a mother cat,” John thought as his body relaxed under Sherlock’s ministrations. “Meow,” John mewed.
Sherlock turned a tear stained face to where his once vibrant friend Daniel lay. His eyes were glazed over revealing his catatonic state and nothing more. If the eyes were the window to the soul his had been drained away until the essence inside bled out becoming an empty vessel.
“So, what do you think?” Sherlock asked as John peered at the gruesome pictures on Sherlock’s laptop. When John didn’t immediately answer Sherlock carried on aloud as if John weren’t in the room, “We have twelve Cuckoo Clocks, each clock is not functional and inside each clock is a severed finger, not the same finger though, one clock a thumb, one an index finger, etc. So, John what do you think the killer is trying to tell us?”
John lifted up the back of Sherlock’s shirt; the bandage had a spot of light seepage coming through. John gently removed the bandage. “Sherlock, just leave your shirt up. I am going to get a couple of things from my bag.”
Sherlock brushed at his face and after a few unsuccessful attempts to remove it, John wheeled over and wiped the shaving cream off, letting his fingers linger a bit longer than necessary, he then wheeled away before Sherlock could say, “Thank you.” John looked at the plate of food before him, played with it a few moments and then without a word he wheeled himself into the sitting room. John could hear Sherlock walking behind him, but he didn’t acknowledge him, as he rolled towards the window and looked out at the hub of activity outside.  People, cabs, buses, all hurried by without the slightest regard for the young man in the wheel chair that sadly watched their progress. “Don’t hurry too much,” John thought in silent warning.
“Wait a minute, I remember things when I was four. How come I don’t remember her?” Mycroft walked over and sat down in John’s chair. “Get out of John’s chair.”
Clare spoke softly. “John, I need you to look at Sherlock and me and tell me what you see.” John did as Clare instructed and gasped. Sherlock had a faint pink glow around his head; the rest of his body was lit with varying colors. When John looked at Clare he only saw a black glow.
Once they were inside the vehicle, Sherlock did some quick calculations on his phone, then pulled a red leather case from his jacket, filled up a syringe and pushed it with one gentle thrust into John’s neck. Sighing he threw his phone out the window.
Sherlock glanced at John, “Who? I must say John that if you’re feeling aroused just tell me enough with the metaphors, ‘Rear Window’, Hitchcock, etc.”
Sherlock felt as if someone had jerked the rug out from underneath him, “What letter? I want to see it now.”
John squinted and was about to snap back at Sherlock when a woman emerged from the mist. She wore a long black coat similar to Sherlock’s. It appeared to be made of silk and John watched mesmerized as its soft folds ebbed and flowed through the night air currents. Irene moved closer, gave Sherlock a peck on the cheek and kneeled down on eye level with John. She traced his lips with her fingers. “I can see what you mean about him, Laura. He is a delicious tidbit. I prefer the company of women, but I could make an exception in your case. You’re adorable.” She then racked a nail along a sensitive spot on John’s chest. “Oooh, very responsive. You are a lucky boy, Sherlock.”
It seemed like hours later when Sherlock returned, discretely helped John into a pair of pajamas, and finally settled him comfortably in the bed.
Sherlock came rushing into the room. “John, are you alright? You should have called me,” he said as he picked John up and deposited him in the bed.
I can hear sirens screaming in the distance they are coming for me. Dearest John, you squeeze my hand begging me to stay with you. I will comply if nature allows. I look over at you, my breath fogs up the oxygen mask. Your shirt is covered in blood, mine and Mary’s. The coppery substance is comingled-inseparable-the same. You smooth my damp curls away from my forehead. “Sherlock,” you whisper.
He stands up, then smiles that heartrending smile of his. “It was too painful to bend my head back. I don’t know it just hurt.”
“So, aren’t you married to the famous Doctor Strauss?” John asked to keep things from getting too personal.
“Sherlock?” Your voice calls to me. “Sherlock, I see you’re feeling better. I’ve brought up some tea and biscuits.”
Sherlock could barely make out John’s words and it reminded him of the effect a bomb had on his hearing when part of their Baker Street flat had blown up. Sherlock put his hands over his ears as a sharp pain reverberated through his head and then boom his hearing was back.
“Hurry up and finish your food,” I snap surprised at the level of aggravation in the tone of my voice.
I stop laughing as Anderson’s fingers trail along my bare shoulders. “I cried for two weeks straight, after I thought you jumped.”
Sherlock rolled over on his back and then gasped and rolled back over on his stomach. John’s gentle voice whispered in his ear,” Sherlock, my love hold still.” John tended to Sherlock’s wounds and wept silently. He then gave Sherlock a sleeping potion and left the room. Still crying John made his way to Clare’s room. As if sensing his arrival Clare waited for John on the porch, the snow swirled around her and the wind whipped her white hair around her face, making it seem like an extension of the snow.
I open my eyes. Ugh, it’s morning. I look beside me. The bed is empty. I stumble out of the bedroom. Without anyone telling me, I know John is gone. An unexplained panic overcomes me. I run out the front door, heedless that I am in my robe. Barefoot I run towards the sound of running water. There is a small stream. I make my way down the embankment, slipping and sliding through algae covered reeds. Plop, I fall down into a pile of muck. I am covered in mud and green slim. I don’t even attempt to get up. I just lie there. I want to cry, but I can’t. So, I just curl up, making no attempt to right myself.
You don’t say a word, then you get up, holding out your hand. I take it, letting you pull me to my feet. I face you. “You’ll be going then?” I ask.
Sherlock lay back and let the warm water soak away the tension from his neck and back. He wasn’t surprised when a few moments later John slipped in behind him. Sherlock leaned forward to give John room to fit behind him. Once Sherlock was firmly between John’s legs he leaned back. John took some bath gel and began to wash Sherlock’s back. Sherlock sighed. Baths were definitely more of a pleasure these days. John worked up the gel into lather and then moved his hands around to Sherlock’s stomach and chest. Sherlock sighed with pleasure as John’s hands moved lower.
Sherlock put a hand on John’s tense shoulder, feeling the muscles relax as his fingers reached  the tense areas. “She’s not late, John. She’s here.”
Sherlock smiled smugly and replied. “I can look at any person and tell their ring size, their shoe size, their shirt size….etc,”  Sherlock’s voice trailed off as his face colored.
For a moment Sherlock didn’t answer and when he did his voice was low and shaky, “John, are you okay? Why can’t you sleep?”
“I must have lost my way again, for I am being wheeled into the emergency room. Shouts, panic, life or death?  John is fighting hard to save me. He won’t give up. Though Mycroft has not said a word, I know he is there for I can smell his retched tobacco. It clings to his clothes like a leach. The room must be full of people, highly skilled personal trying to save me. Though it is crowded I know exactly where John stands- a 45 degree angle to my right. I must try for him. My body shudders. Woops, I have definitely overdosed. John, I will try for you I will. With supreme effort that would have killed a man of lesser intellect, I open my eyes. There you are, John. I can see you now. Your face is pale; your eyes are dark with anger and grief. If I survive this you are going to give me hell. I want to surprise you. I want to show off my mental prowess for you, but the method escapes me. Your hand is next to mine. The blonde hairs are slick and smooth as they lay flat on the skin of your arm.
The Doctor wiped his cheek with the sleeve of his uniform. “Sherlock, you are a sociopath. That in itself makes you dark. Haven’t you ever wondered why you don’t feel things like other people? Why you never cry, except when physically hurt? You are exceptional like me. You will never have close friends, or even a lover. You are incapable of such relationships. You are a genius and genius does not tolerate sentimentality. Oh, Sherlock you will leave them all behind without so much as a thought.”
“John, your talent for mimicry aside, please, please just shut up,” Sherlock said as he covered John’s mouth with his kisses. Usually, Sherlock’s kisses were firm and demanding, but this time they were half lip half tongue, which tickled John’s nostrils as Sherlock licked around the outside of his nose.
Mrs. Hudson looked to where he gestured into thin air. “Well, you should be able to find them, right?”
When the waiter finally arrives with our food Anderson picks at his meal. I smile. I have won. I have rendered him speechless. I observe his pale white fingers as he plucks at some sort of fried stick things. His soulful blue eyes meet mine. When he realizes my attention is focused on him his face lights up in a smile. It’s as if the sun has finally decided to shine upon him after a long, cold winter. I am taken back as a twinge of emotion batters at the glacier of emotions I have kept bottled up inside me. I must not thaw, not here, not now.
When the cab stops in front of a drab building. I double check the address. It’s correct. I pay the cabbie and proceed towards the grey structure. It is oppressive, just one step above government housing and not much else. I trudge up the stairs to Anderson’s flat. The smell of curry assails my nostrils, while a pair of children run down the halls, oblivious to their poverty. I envy them. Even as a child I never knew such peace and tranquility. I look away, knocking on the door. No answer. I knock again. After a few repetitions of this action, I sigh. I then look around me and pull out my picks.
John gripped Sherlock’s hand, brought it to his lips and then reluctantly pulled away to get ready to disembark.
“John? John Watson, what are you thinking?” Laura asked softly as she slid a perfectly manicured nail along John’s cheek, just hard enough to make an indentation but not puncture his skin.
“Sherlock, I thought we went all through this. Elsa was the only one who could help me and she’s a non-existent person.”
I turn around and he positions me so that I lie in his arms like a child. “Anderson…. I’m not sure exactly what’s going on between the two of us, but my heart will always be John’s.”
‘Puttin on the Ritz’ echoes through my brain as the three of us make an entrance in the Prague Opera House. You dear John are in the middle. Mary and I flank each side of you. We are proud of our prize. Up the stairs we go to our box seat, arm in arm, hand in hand. We settle in our seats waiting for the performance. The whole audience is a buzz with the unintelligible sounds of the conversations around us. I close my eyes and wait for the house lights to dim. I don’t have long to anticipate. The lights flicker then go out. Darkness surrounds us. The orchestra tunes to an A. The curtain rises. The Opera begins.
You sigh in exasperation. “Never mind, you’re just a machine. How would you know about love and trust?”
Laura smiled, pulled the gun away, then tucked the cipher away in her jacket. “Thank you, Sherlock. We’ll be in touch.”
“Sure,” John answered. A few moments later, I had to steady myself as I felt John running his hands along my leg for a vein.
I sit up in bed, pulling at plastic tubes as I do so. “Beethoven’s Symphony No 6 in F Major, Op68, the Pastoral Symphony,” I say aloud. My voice is hoarse, my speech slurred.
Lestrade shifts in the chair next to us. “Oh nice. I’m going to leave you two to sort this out, call me when you hear news.”
Sherlock looked at John like a quizzical puppy and said innocently, “What? It’s not as if the owners were going to use them and they were just lying unused in a cabinet of unclaimed items.”
John smoothed Sherlock’s hair back, running his fingers through its unruly curls. “Sherlock, I’ve had a tetanus shot, so I’m fine.”
“Sherlock, you have jeopardized your rehab, not to mention exposing me to a drug reaction or God knows what else,” John chided.
Mycroft watched Sherlock while he slept on one of the Learjet’s recliners. He hadn’t seen his little brother rest so soundly in years. His hawk like features relaxed into a mask of softness, while his chest cavity rose and abated from the oxygen that passed through it. John slept in his chair, while his head lolled against Sherlock’s shoulder.
Sherlock was about to argue back and then changed his mind as he held up their marriage license, they both decided to keep their own last names for practical reasons and as John took the license in his hand he laughed. “It makes me feel that you’ve just picked up a dog from the shelter.”
I open my eyes and I am lying in your arms, while Anderson is stroking my forehead. “He’s too high strung. Sherlock, is this too soon?”
Anxious to change the subject, John gestured towards Hugh, “He really is quite good, too good for cruise ship entertainment.”
“Just get to the point,” John snapped for his one of his biggest fears was that Sherlock would grow tired of him and leave.
John hesitated before he answered. “I tried to follow Clare. Sherlock, there is something not quite right about her. I traced her as far as China town, and then she just vanished into thin air.”
“John, I want you to see the paintings that are going up in my art exhibition next week.”  Sherlock said as he excitedly pushed John before each painting. “You’ve already seen the one I painted of you and my Grandma, but now I would like you to see the rest of my works.”
John was about to make small talk when to his relief Mrs. Hudson announced that a potential client was waiting to come up. Sherlock nodded curtly, “Send her up.”
Laura fixed her bright eyes on John, as she licked her lips in anticipation. “John, how much would you give to be able to walk again?”
John had just started to get warm when the doorbell rang. “Who the bloody hell could that be?” John thought angrily as he reached for the remote button that would unlock his door.  Not bothering to ask who it was John pressed the button, the click of the lock slid open as John called out, “Come in.”
For some reason John shivered, Sherlock’s low dulcet voice made the hair on the back of his neck stand on end. “Sherlock, yes you are the most observant person I have ever met.  Why are you asking me this?”
John nuzzled Sherlock’s neck, murmuring, “I miss the way you smell, the way you taste everything about you, wish you were naked in my arms.”
Sherlock paced back and forth and said quickly, as if ripping off a band aid, “Nina and I had an arrangement. We were to be married, so that her family would get off her back about remaining single and in turn she would fund all my experiments and so forth.  It was to be a marriage of convenience, and as far as men go, I have always been attracted to my same sex, but other than the typical boy’s boarding school curiosity, I have not had a relationship…with a…man. You see before I met you, my work was my life.”
Sherlock dreaded the answer but he still asked anyway. “What does this brilliant surgeon take for payment?”
Sherlock crawled over to where John had fallen and took him in his arms. John was pale and sweaty, but still conscious. “John,” Sherlock gasped as he ripped off his jacket to stop the blood flow. Sherlock, watched with horrified fascination as dark blood soaked the jacket. At first Sherlock thought that the blood was deoxygenated because of the deep color, but on further inspection, Sherlock realized the blood wasn’t a deep red, it was black. John’s blood was black.
“You know very well, who, Sherlock and John. It seems that my little brother has really done it this time. He’s stolen, John and thrown his phone away in a ditch. If he’s not here, that means he’s out there somewhere.”
John laughed as he walked forward and touched the male dragon’s muzzle. “What is your name?” John whispered in dragon speak.
The rebuff hurts even in my drug induced state. “Fine,” I say. You turn the water back on. I sit down on the toilet, my butt cheeks slid on the seat. My groin aches with desire. I hate myself as silent tears flow down my cheeks. I reach between my legs, to relieve the unrequited tension that coils within me.
You shout again, the veins are showing thru the thin skin of your neck, they are so beautiful so blue. Then you threaten Mycroft as you pull a gun on him. John-I am so impressed. Mycroft stops. He could have you killed, but he knows it will destroy me. He orders us both in the limo. Once we are in the limo I look over at you and smirk. You look back at me; your brows are furrowed from anger and anxiety. Dearest John, I have stressed you out, yet again.
I dig my heels into the sheet so that I can focus on my words. “What do you want to try, John Hamish Watson?”
John cleared his throat and said, “Well, first I was worried and then the longer I waited I got mad. Finally, I told myself to just go home and get drunk because I waited there until…”
Sherlock held out his hand to John. “Come back to bed with me. Why didn’t you come in with me in the first place?” Sherlock’s voice had an annoyed flat tone.
“Hmm, I don’t remember ordering any room service, but please wheel it over in the corner,” John said as he pointed.
I smile at you. Then I press my lips to yours. You struggle against me for a moment or two. Then I push on a pressure point just below your ear and your mouth opens for me. I slip my tongue in. I explore slowly at first, heedless of the fact that you are not reciprocating. Then like a dormant volcano, you spring to life. Your tongue wraps itself around mine and I feel light headed as you devour me.  For a moment all is lost as our tongues intertwine. You push your pelvis against my upper thigh in desperation. I reach my hand down to relieve you, but you shove me away.
You do as I request. I let the music float over me. I feel your gloved hand on my waist. “Sherlock, I’m going to put some lubricant on the…the area, it will be cold.”
John wheeled out of her reach, “Yeah, that’s what I’m afraid of. Laura I am totally devoted to Sherlock.”
I show you no mercy. I want to see you suffer a little. “No, I’m going commando,” I answer with a smirk.
After a few moments of gasping for air, Sherlock stood up and pulled a gun from his waistband and pointed it at each individual that threatened the monster’s well-being. “Get back all of you, I will shoot whoever tries to harm him. Do not test my resolve,” Sherlock said through clenched teeth as Lestrade edged closer. After all the parties had backed away from the demon, Sherlock knelt down by its side, “John, it’s okay I won’t let anything harm you,” Sherlock crooned to the demon and then he paused, reached out and took its claw in his hand.
Sherlock felt his body pulsing faster as he struggled for control. Clumsily he reached out to grab John’s pant leg and then just fell back. “John, I don’t want this to be one sided. I want you to also…,” Sherlock’s voice trailed off as he felt as if his whole body burst open in a final thrust.
Anderson moves his hands behind his back in a swift manner but not before I see them shaking. I lick my lips and am surprised when he backs me against the wall. His body is perfectly aligned with mine as he whispers through clenched teeth. I expect him to tell me to go to hell, but he does the unexpected. He presses his lips to mine in a firm kiss. He then pulls his mouth away and kisses my ear lobe. “Other people have feelings too, Sherlock. Quit being a prick. I’ll be downstairs if you need a ride.”
Sherlock stared down at his brother and for the first time in a long time he felt helpless. A crash from downstairs brought Sherlock around to the present and he ran downstairs to see what had happened. Lieutenant Lestrade stood in the doorway, blood oozed from a large cut above his eye as he stood before Sherlock. Once Lestrade got his breath back he spoke, “Sherlock….Sherlock another horseman has attacked London. It is the horse of war, the whole world is now at war, Sherlock this is the end…the end of everything and I want to die with my friends. Sherlock did you hear me?”
They had traveled about two days, when the boy held up his hand, “The way to Warrior John is through there, “the boy said.
John swallowed, “I don’t understand, you have an international reputation as a detective, a playboy, so how can you be a…”
I cough, choking on my tea and you both laugh. Then you lick your lips. “I’ve been known to eat certain types of meat if there are no animals harmed in the process.”
I look over at the speaker in annoyance. “Your attempt at an analogy is sadly lacking. You’re an idiot, don’t speak again. You’ll lower the I.Q. of the whole country.” Then I think of Anderson, you and Alice and my concertation wavers.
John fingered the silken ropes as he leaned back against Sherlock’s chest. “Sherlock, this is quite a clever contraption. I feel certain that it must have more than one use.”
“What the hell would you know? Miscreant.” Then Sherlock sat down, when a wave of dizziness assailed him.
John shivered for it was late afternoon and as the sun began to go down the chill of night slowly descended upon them. “Are you cold, dear?” Sherlock’s grandma asked as she pulled a man’s white cardigan from the back of a chair. “Here dear, wear this.”
He was about to string up another arrow when a deafening sound filled the air as a bubble formed around one of the horsemen, it grew larger and larger and then exploded into a mass of misshapen horrific creatures that crawled up the mountain towards them in scuttling, crab-like movements.
“Fine, you owe me a bone when we get home.” Then you pat me on the leg and walk over to where a grim looking surgeon stands waiting.
“Good Morning, Sherlock, have I told you how much I love you?” John asked softly as he rubbed the back of Sherlock’s neck until the hairs on his arm stood on end.
His answer sends a jolt of warmth to my groin. I pick him up. “Where’s the bedroom?” I ask in a raspy voice. He gestures with his head and I carry him. I lay him on the bed, then I strip off my trousers and pants. I lay down on the bed. We are facing each other. I grind my groin into his, resuming my interrogation. “I know you didn’t kill them, they all died of natural causes. Tell me how you arrived at the scene before anyone else.”
Sherlock reached down and put the brake down on John’s wheelchair as he said, “John, this is Hugh. Hugh this is my husband, John.”
Sherlock grimaced as Mycroft’s face came into view. “This could hardly be called a rescue since none of us knew the camp would be attacked.”
Sherlock, John, Clare and their new companion who had introduced himself as Jake (Jake had insisted that he go by Jake because his Chinese name was too difficult to pronounce. Sherlock had of course refuted this and they had wasted about a half hour of time as Sherlock showed off by carrying on a conversation in several Chinese dialectics.), stood at the entrance of the caves. The glow from their Coleman lanterns flickered on the walls, making it seem as if the interior of the cave was a level of Dante’s inferno. Sherlock shivered with dread as they all descended into the evil murky darkness.
Sherlock was coiled and ready for a fight but when he looked into John’s face, his sweet face, Sherlock’s anger melted away.  “I’m just not comfortable leaving you alone with a killer on the loose.”
You fall into the part with abandon. Your lips part and I slide my tongue in. I taste you. My body jerks in reaction, as we orally explore each other. I whimper, each sound accompanied by a cloud of foggy cold mist. You wrap your legs around my waist. Then you pull us to the side. You grip my lower back with one hand, while you squeeze my nipple ring with your other hand. Your fingers trace the wings, the double snakes, and then the rod. My groin tightens with desire. You are now devouring me with your mouth. I no longer care if I am the dominate one or not.
John gripped Sherlock’s hands tightly, and in the nasal tone that Sherlock loved so much he replied, “No, No, Sherlock, just---ddon’t blame yourself, for I was looking up when I should have been looking down. After all if you can paint, I should bloody well be able to walk, shouldn’t I?”
Mycroft sighs. “He will come back to Baker Street. However, brother dear I wouldn’t take him for granted. There is only so much the human heart can take.”
“Mrs. Hudson, get out,” Sherlock hissed. When he noticed the hurt expression on her face Sherlock cursed his own bluntness. “Mrs. Hudson, you are a treasure but John and I want to be alone.”
He hands over his phone, I pull up the notes section, and type up a list, then hand it back to him. He takes it, covers his face with one hand, then looks back at me. “I’ll get you what you need because we are in crisis, but you are wrong about one thing.”
John rolled over and began massage Sherlock’s neck as the music of Fats Waller, “Ain’t Misbehaving”, filled the room. John began to hum along with the music, which Sherlock found utterly enchanting and before long Sherlock began to relax.
“Oh, Sherlock, you’re hurt,” Anderson says as he gets up and then grabs a kit by his side. I don’t flinch as he cleans my wounds. I hold my legs apart a little farther than necessary to give up access to both knees. His breath comes in short gasps as he stares at my crotch. Though my actions were meant to tease, I end up feeling the heat as well. Anderson continues to stare and then in a quick movement he cups me. Then he jerks his hand away. “Jesus, Sherlock I’m sorry,” he stammers.
Sherlock felt a cold fear seize him as John grew paler by the minute. “John, don’t speak, you are wasting your energy. Clare went to get a healer; she should be here any second, so hang on John, please.”
“John, wait for me.” Sherlock yelled to no avail, John was already downstairs. When John got downstairs, the front door was kicked in and Mrs. Hudson lay cowering in a corner. The Golem towered over her, and then turned around as John entered the foyer.
Then I close my eyes, hoping that when I open them it will be gone. I know it won’t. It lives within the confines of my mind palace. It waits to gorge on my flesh, while it drowns itself in my blood, slacking its lust when the smell of my bodily essences fills its nostrils.
Then John took Sherlock in his arms and cradled him, ignoring the pain when a piece of concrete upset his balance, jarring his hip. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open and he looked up. “Have you come for me?” he whispered.
Sherlock nodded. “I don’t want John in danger either, but if you don’t go along with your attempt on John’s life then she will just send someone else to complete the task.”
Once inside I wank one off, muffling my groans in a towel. I then wash up and open the door. You are standing there with that look on your face.
John took an edge of the sheet and wiped Sherlock’s tears. “My poor darling, Sherlock, tell me who they are and I will make sure that they will regret ever being born.”
“John, you can stop fussing. I can make it up the stairs on my own,” I say as I weave on the walk just outside 221b Baker Street.
Sherlock laughed. “I’m a cab.” He then pulled out his phone, dropping it several times when his shaking fingers refused to grip its slick surface. When he finally grasped its illusive square shape, he pulled up his contacts, selecting Mycroft’s name, then he texted:
“John, don’t you see Elsa and Laura are one and the same.” Sherlock said as he clapped his hands together.
Anderson takes off all of his clothes except his pants and then slips in beside me. Like two orphans lost in a winter storm, we cling to each other and shiver in each other’s arms.
“Yes, Sherlock, our darling boy has a secret in his head that must be extracted.” Irene said fingering the leather choker around her neck.
“Yes, but it wasn’t until I thought you were dead that I acknowledged my true feelings. I was put on administrative leave and spent time in a mental facility.”
Sherlock ignored John’s remark as he stared straight ahead trying to grasp John’s miraculous recovery. “John, Clare told me that to save you, you must become a Claymore like herself. John, do you feel any different?”
Sherlock held very still and then in two steps he was across the room. Keeling in front of John, Sherlock gritted his teeth and then said in a low voice. “John, my art exhibit concluded two days ago, and it was successful by the way. The cuckoo clock case has been handed over to an inferior colleague, so that I will be able to prepare for my next case. I would like to have studied the details a bit more, but no matter I can see it needs to be attended to immediately.” Sherlock said as he pulled the brakes forward on John’s wheelchair so hard that the metal sliced into the rubber. In one move Sherlock lifted John out of the chair and said, “John Hamish Watson I am sick of you mooning about how unattractive you are for tonight you will forget about everything and everyone,” Sherlock said as he breathlessly carried John to the bedroom and deposited him on the bed. He then straddled himself over John’s body and looked deeply into his shocked eyes.
When my eyes open you are curled up at my back in the fetal position. You used to sleep with one leg draped around mine, your head on my shoulder, with your hands wrapped around my torso, your fingers resting on the trail of hair underneath my navel. I used to complain of the closeness, now I miss it. I miss you.
“You always say that you’re not romantic, but here you are at my bedside quoting Shakespeare. By the way, I’m feeling better. You’ll be happy to know I got a boner in the shower today.”
Sherlock tore himself out of Jake’s grasp and kneeled down beside John’s body. Sherlock gently kissed John’s cold lips, and then reached for John’s sword. As Sherlock wobbled to his feet with John’s sword, he knew what he wanted to do. He wanted to plunge the sword into his own heart, after all his real heart-John, lay dead at his feet, so what difference would it make to actually deprive his body of breath. Without John his life would be a living tomb. Sherlock raised the sword and was about to take the plunge when a strong grasp ripped the weapon out of his hand.
John’s pants were already wet in the front as he took them off and positioned himself behind Sherlock; he then reached his hands around to make sure he could still reach in between Sherlock’s legs. Sherlock reached back, “Come on, John, God I can’t stand it anymore. I burn for you, go deep…” Sherlock’s voice trailed off in a groan as John acquiesced to his request. John lost himself, gave up control, and as he gave up his humanity, his eyes glowed yellow and his hands grew claws that he dug into Sherlock’s back as he thrust himself in and out of Sherlock’s backside. “You’re hurting me, John,” Sherlock cried out as John’s claws dug deeper into his back. John thrust faster and faster with only one goal in mind. “We are going to climax together,” John thought as he began to fill Sherlock with his warm fluid. “Oh God,” John gasped as Sherlock’s own fluid soaked John’s hands. John rocked back and forth wildly for a moment or two longer and then collapsed on Sherlock’s back. Slowly, John’s eyes turned blue once more and his hands became the gentle hands of a surgeon. John looked down at Sherlock’s bloody back in horror. “My God, what have I done?” John thought.
If John hadn’t been covered in blood, Sherlock would have reached out and held him close. John frowned slightly.
Mrs. Hudson patted them both on the head. “Oh and boys perhaps you should think of sound proofing that room a bit.”
I tried to keep from laughing, but all too soon I began to giggle again. John looked at me sternly and then said, “You know, Sherlock you are a real prick.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and was about to verbally take Mrs. Hudson down a few pegs wrapped up in a sarcastic reply, when he noticed John as he moved his foot around in a suggestive circular motion. “God,” Sherlock thought as he just sat there transfixed by the motions that John was making.
“Jesus, he is disgusting and wonderful,” Anderson says while he runs his fingers through my hair. John looks on, smiling at us with an affectionate grin. A knock at the door startles us into action. You grab your stripped robe, Anderson looks around, he has no robe, so he dives under the covers. I slip my gown on, posing like Botticelli’s Venus, then say, “Come in.”
Just as he was about to encircle his fingers around his target, John jerked away as he said, “Oh no you don’t I’m the Doctor. I don’t want you taking my pulse. I’m fine.”
Sherlock’s phone buzzed. “You’re lucky I have a phone call, or I would have to kill you to prove you exist.”
I nod and point to where a cracked teapot sits. Anderson glances at the teapot and then looks back at me. “Is this what I think it is?” He asks.
John collapsed beside Sherlock as Sherlock lightly rubbed his fingers across John’s face. John closed his eyes and smiled. “Sherlock, that feels so good. You know how I love to feel your fingers across my skin. They are so soft and yet I can feel the calluses on the ends of your fingertips from your violin playing. I revel in the contrast, you know?”
A knock at the door interrupted anything that Sherlock was going to say and after eyeing John’s disapproving gaze, he hastily grabbed a robe and opened the door.
My groin jumps a little at his commanding tone and then I hand over my phone without comment. Anderson takes my phone, has me unlock the screen and then sends a text. Afterwards he hands me the phone and then walks away. I look at the text. It is to John. I stare at the blue bubble where the message resides. It reads: When are you coming home?
“So, with all that’s going on you thought to bring my lotion? I think you’re getting soft.” John teased.
He does as I ask, but looks skeptical when I emerge from the tub, leading him to the kitchen. I make sure the temperature of the water is just right, then I guide his head under the flowing water, letting him back into me for balance. He hums in pleasure when I massage the shampoo into his fine hair. It is a sensuous experience and I am surprised to find that I am enjoying it as much as he.  When we are through, I wrap his hair in a towel, guiding him to a chair. He towel dries his hair while I watch.
“John it’s a game. Life can be so dull and mundane, so our little group plays games to relieve the boredom and for money too.” Laura said softly, “If that interests you that is?”
I think of the empty nursery back at the flat. I think of Mary’s dead eyes as they stare back at me and I think of you, John. I miss you. Anderson is still there. I don’t want to be alone.
I look down at her. She is quite lovely. The skin on my chest feels tight. I want to itch the stitches that hold my torn flesh together. In the distance, I see the tactical officer that sewed me up. He is almost as tall as I, dark hair, blue eyes, porcelain skin—beautiful. I motion him over to us. He makes his way through the rubble and I study him. He’s around 36 years old and has a golden retriever judging from the golden hairs on his pant legs. He is strong, yet has a soft spot. I remember the way he winced when he stitched me up without anything to deaden my pain. He is good and kind. I smile. “I wanted to thank you for stitching me up.”
John sank down on the bed and sighed. “Jesus, it’s just my luck to meet the gorgeous Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock felt there was something wrong with the situation and yet he had no choice, “Fine, let’s go and remember you don’t get the necklace until I see John.”
John smiled sadly at Sherlock as he was a small child,”Sherlock, the dragons made it clear that the sacrifice must be made here. After all can you imagine Mrs. Hudson doing battle against a golem?” John asked as he lightly ran a finger underneath Sherlock’s chin.
“Well, who’s this?” She asked as she leaned in towards John’s face her skin smelt like Jasmine and his eyes widened when she slowly licked her lips.
John was across the room in one stride, pulling at the massive silk-like comforter that covered Sherlock’s naked body. “Where?” John commanded.
“Sod, off Sherlock and get down here. We have another body with a missing toe. I’m texting you the address now,” Lestrade orders.
“What is it, Sherlock? Is everything okay?” John asked in a clear, strong, tone. He was instantly alert and ready for any challenge.
Hugh nodded and then sighed. “Well, you both know I’m in debt to Laura, but I’m assuming you don’t know what for.”
John laughed, “You’ve got him upside down, Dad, here let me,” John said as he gently disentangled the boy and set him upright.
Sherlock instantly pulled away, “John, are you okay? Do you need a pain pill? Were our activities too much for you last night, this morning….”
I nod then go to over to a chair, flopping down in it with one leg hooked over the arm. My legs are spread wide and I lean my head back and breathe with my mouth open. You come into the room with tea and biscuits, knock my leg off the arm, then turn to Anderson.
Sherlock’s hands and body sculpted itself to become one with John’s as they both howled like jackals.
His eyes narrow. “See, I told you that caring is not an advantage and besides carrier pigeons are extinct.”
Irene looked confused, a frown marring her ice queen features. “But all those codebreaking secrets were revealed in the 1970’s.”
John would have laughed at Sherlock’s use of the acronym, ‘JIZ’, but he too far gone, his hips pumping so that he could slide further down into his husband’s warm oral cavity.
Sherlock’s pupils blew wide open, his mouth watering when he heeded John’s command. He let his tongue swirl in lazy stokes from the moist salty tip to the root, then to the top, sides and underneath, not missing an inch.
Even though Jake was supposed to be their guide he passively let John take on the leadership role, as the dragon uncoiled itself. She was a huge magnificent creature and Sherlock felt sad that dragons and humans could no longer interact. The dragon looked back to make sure that they were following her. Her large grief filled purple eyes settled on Sherlock. Sherlock felt fear as he realized that the grief in the dragon’s eyes was not for herself but for him. The dragon then looked away as they slowly began to make their way through the caves. No one spoke and after a while Sherlock lost track of the time. It seemed as if they were just going around in circles. Then Sherlock had a terrible thought. “What if the dragon is just trying to wear us down, so that she can kill and eat us?”
A few moments later Clare and Jake joined them and quickly hustled Sherlock off to rest. Once Sherlock was safely tucked in John set out to explore the city. Asmat was a combination of China’s lost city and the city in lost horizons. John marveled at the green spiraled columns that adorned each structure. As John put his hand on a column he tried to figure out what type of material it was. The column was cool at first and then it felt warm-living. John quickly jerked his hand away and continued his exploration of the city. The city was laid out in a square; the center of the city was a vast open space with a well and a gong at the focal point. The largest building appeared to be some sort of school, temple, or training center. All of the other structures were obviously living spaces, for families went about their business much as they did in London. John watched them for a few moments and sighed as a wave of home sickness engulfed him. John jumped when he heard Jake ask,”So, what do you think of the city?”
“Ah, Sherlock, you are such a good detective. You know how I love to see your face when I am doing certain things to you.” John murmured into Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock smiled as he lay docile in John’s arms.
“I wake up later. I’m nauseous. God, my stomach hurts. Though I try to control myself, I can’t. I vomit over everything.  You and the nurse come running in. She starts to clean me up, but you brush her hand away and do it yourself. Your hands are gentle as you slip off my gown. Until I am released you have to let the dirty gown fall to the side. It looks like a broken wing. You strip my blankets off the bed. The sour smell doesn’t make you gag. Your gentle hands wash me. Like a savior you make me clean. I shiver wondering if I will become aroused as your hands wipe the vomit from my stomach. As you clean my navel I begin to shake. You jump into action, you read my vitals, and then you quickly slip a hospital gown on me. Then you leave, but you come back soon and wrap me in a cocoon of warm heated blankets. You then look into my eyes. I want to say something profound, but I don’t. Tears stream down my face as you adjust my pillow. John you are my…angel. Shortly, Mycroft comes in, he undoes the handcuff and my useless soiled gown flutters to the ground-like a piece of paper it floats to the floor. You and I watch its descent. Mycroft watches me watching you. I don’t care, he can just sod off. I look over at him. I expect to see his brotherly sneer, but I don’t. His eyes are large-frightened. I am more confused than ever, so I turn my back on you both.  John, I can feel your arms around me, tucking me in. Then you do something unexpected, you hug me.”
My face reddens as I slither under the yellow slick ribbon. For a moment I think of the case that you and I first worked on together. Anderson stands before me in the same blue, garb you wore that night. The soft color brings out his eyes. He is not all together unattractive but he is not you. I miss you John. I am so immersed in my own thoughts that I don’t see a dip in the pavement. I hit the ground hard.
You take my head between your palms and kiss me deeply. My body is a slave to your touch. My desire is betrayed by the tension that builds in my groin.
Mycroft worked at the doors, pulling at them until he fell back onto the ground in a heap. “Here, move aside.” Irene ordered, sweeping past him. They all watched in fascination when she pulled out a device that looked like an average ball point pen, turned it on and began to cut away the locks that imprisoned Sherlock with a miniature laser beam. John wheeled closer. When the doors opened he was the first one to reach the cabinet.
Sherlock shook his head. “It doesn’t matter now. John, please make love to me. Make me forget them. Take me; let me feel you inside me. The deeper you penetrate me physically and mentally, the more I feel the memories that have branded me for some many years dissipate. John, you are the other half of my broken spirit. John Hamish Watson, you found me just in time and I will cherish your love all through this life and the next, forever, John, forever.”
Sherlock pulled John closer and whispered, “John, my cover was blown when I climbed into your hospital bed with you.”
Sherlock took the bowl from John’s hands as he uneasily watched the unhuman like gestures John used as he trained with his sword. “His movements were just too fast,” Sherlock thought as John sped through a 103 movement kata that would have normally taken at least 10 minutes to complete. John finished in a minute and a half, without breaking a sweat.” John put the sword in its sheathe and sat beside Sherlock. “How are you feeling? Come on eat your rice, I added some onion broth to it and the one of the other guests said it tasted great. So, come on eat up.”
John grinned. “Do you like it? It’s what the locals wear here. Apparently it keeps a person warm in the winter and cool in the summer. I’ve one for you too,” John said as he grabbed a neatly folded pile of clothing and thrust it towards Sherlock.
Sherlock smiled jauntily and said, “I’ve been on a suicide mission before, besides what does it matter as long as John is by my side?”
I grin, not ready to see sadness mar her delicate features again. “Oh, so that’s how it is? You know Irene showed me a trick or two with the riding crop. You could use it on me, while I…”
John put his hands behind his head.  “What is troubling you about Laura and Elsa? What are the similarities between them?”
John listened to the rain pounding against the window; he lay back to back with Sherlock. Their spines were aligned one against the other and John loved how their vertebrates fit perfectly together.  No matter what happened Sherlock was home. John rolled over and traced his finger down Sherlock’s back and he marveled at how beautiful Sherlock was his skin so fine and white, like polished ivory. Sherlock stirred and rolled over to face John. He smiled back with a sleepy grin on his lips. The moonlight from the window illuminated Sherlock’s body and John gasped as he noticed the different colors all over Sherlock. “They must mean something,” John thought as he studied Sherlock. He noticed several maroon colored areas and as John leaned closer he realized that the maroon colored areas must be Sherlock’s erogenous spots. John knew several of them already; however, he was surprised to find a glowing maroon section just slightly above Sherlock’s armpit. John decided to test his theory, he edged closer to Sherlock, and began to gently kiss and lick the maroon glow on Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock frowned, “Hmm, the Captain’s table can be quite trying, so why don’t you take a break? Oh, and by the way, who is the condescending prick?”
Sherlock fingered the front of John’s clothing. “What are you wearing John?” Sherlock asked as he ran his hands over the soft material.
Sherlock and John both leaned back enjoying the warmth of each other’s company and the water. Finally, John slithered closer and kissed Sherlock on the mouth. It was just meant as a kiss, but Sherlock felt like he was on fire as he kissed John back.  As John’s tongue made its way into his mouth, Sherlock marveled at how John could make a kiss seem like sex itself. As John tentatively explored the inside of his mouth Sherlock responded first slowly with wonder, and then hard and passionate. Sherlock leaned his head back against the side of the wooden tub as John moved his mouth over Sherlock’s neck. The stars were so bright in this world Sherlock thought as he tried to control his emotions. John had wrapped his legs around Sherlock’s waist and as always Sherlock had to fight the urge to cry as John’s hands rubbed his stomach. Sherlock gasped for air as he waited for John’s hands to reach their next destination.
The Captain’s table was as boring as John thought it was going to be for it was a bid to see who or whom could come up with the best vacation home, the best car, the best prep schools for their children, and of course when all else failed patronizing the staff was great fun. Nothing overtly rude was said; however with a curl of a lip and a ‘Please, bring me another brandy,’ the speaker made it clear that the worker was just a cog in the wheel of society and nothing more. To fit in John badgered the staff about the food, lamented over the lack of choice on the wine menu, asking for expensive old vintages that were out of the cruise line’s reach.
John ran his hand over Sherlock’s back. “Sherlock, tell me what happened. I want to know.” John continued to stroke Sherlock’s back as he spoke to Sherlock as if he were a frightened child.
He shifted in his chair. “Because…I saw…him jump. There was blood everywhere—everywhere. God, it was horrendous.” He then started to shake.
“I could fondle them, causing your nipples to harden, but then I wouldn’t be much good to you. Although John swears he came make a woman…”
I smile at the slowness in which her mind works. “Annette, dear that’s what I’m counting on, I will be your Sherlock Holmes look alike sex worker. Is my John Watson a trust worthy ally?”
You both work your way down my body. Anderson takes your lead and I find myself whimpering like a helpless animal caught in a trap. I reach down between my legs. You move my hand away. “I want you to last, so no touching.”
I am taken back by his obvious defiance. “First, we’ll start with the riding crop. Miss Alder taught me well. You’re in for a real treat, Anderson.”
Lestrade’s eyes bulge out as he puts a hand over my mouth. “Sherlock, just solve it, don’t predict. I don’t want to have to arrest you on suspicion of murder again.”
Sherlock watched in fascination as the Doctor cleaned his lenses. “The grit on the lens, the fly in the ointment…That’s what emotions are.”
John waited for me outside of the door and together we made our way back to the panic room. I changed into my robe and then entered the section of the room where John sat on the couch.
“Sherlock, just hang on, I assure you it will be worth the wait.” John commanded in his military voice.
Sherlock sat up, put his hand under John’s chin and ever so gently raised his face. “John, I will always be distracted where you are concerned. You are my disadvantage, my weakness, my strength, you are the person that counteracts the injuries I inflict upon myself. You are my life, John Watson, without you I would be nothing but a machine.”
John knew how upset Sherlock must be to show his vulnerability, so John said jauntily, ignoring the throbbing in his temples, “Fine, just a scuffle that’s all.”
John looked at the intricate details of the painting’s seaside town and felt as he could reach out and touch the water of the shoreline. Sherlock’s grandma watched John intently for a few moments and then said, “Sherlock, is an artist and a critic; therefore every time he creates, the critic in him tears his art down. He is always attracted to the case he hasn’t solved, the art he hasn’t tried, the person he hasn’t met. It makes me afraid for Sherlock, for everything comes so easy to him that I am afraid that one day he will be put to the test. Life will present him with a bill that will be a high price to pay.”
The statue of the murdered soldier knocks at the door for Don Giovanni. A D minor chord fills the theatre. It is a reckoning, an I.O.U. A summons for Don Giovanni’s descent into hell. Mary watches me as a trickle of sweat rolls down my forehead onto my cheek. I feel the madness of Don Giovanni sink into my chest as his faithful servant and friend begs Don Giovanni to repent. And with one phrase Don Giovanni dooms himself, “No siento…” the statue informs Don Giovanni that his time has run out. Terror overcomes Don Giovanni as his servant and he are carried off to hell. After his demise everyone makes plans. Don Giovanni is dead or is he? This thought rattles around in my brain like an unresolved phrase. I jump when Mary addresses me.
Once I get back to the flat, I push past a concerned Mrs. Hudson and make my way upstairs. I only have two balloons left. With shaky hands I heat up the bag, fill a syringe and plunge the needle in. I use a little more the usual so that I can sleep the day away. A few moments later my eyes close and my mind stills. It is sheer bliss.
John looked down at the scout in resentment of the interruption of his trip down memory lane, “What is it? John asked harshly.
“Sherlock, your sister was insane—psychotic. Have you ever considered the possibility that there never was a solution? Perhaps, she wanted to torment you. In that case, there was no way you could have saved Victor.”
John was breathing heavily and could barely speak. “Sherlock, I am not seeing colors. I have not seen them since we entered this world,” John said as he made an effort to answer Sherlock without gasping for air.
Clare stood beside John. “John, do you remember the conversation we had in the cab?” John nodded, not making eye contact. Clare’s eyes mirrored grief.  “John, you need to decide who you are going to give your black card to.” Without hesitation John reached into the pocket of his robe and handed the black card to Sherlock. Sherlock took the card; it was still warm from the heat of John’s body.  His Doctor, friend, lover, his heart, had handed him a black card. If John realized his potential and awakened as a killer similar to a Yoma, Sherlock was obligated to kill him.
Mycroft looked at him as if he were a small child. “No, it isn’t. Although he’s been clean a long time, so I guess we should take comfort in that.”
“What look?” John asked as he twisted his head around to watch the reflection of the moon in Sherlock’s eyes
The woman poked her long finger into the man’s shoulder to the other side of her, “Devin, Devin, DEVIN?”
I pull on my pants and trousers. I am angry and I don’t know why. “Good-bye, Anderson,” I say, then leave, wondering why hours later I still can’t dispel the look in his eyes when I left, or the last lingering notes of the Adagio from Beethoven’s Emperor Concerto.
Sherlock’s bedroom, soon to be their bedroom was a chaotic mess, socks, various garments, an old bag of crisps, and various unidentified objects lay scattered around the room.
John crawled towards Sherlock. “Sherlock, you enjoyed that?” John’s voice was full of panic and skepticism.
Mycroft didn’t reply as scores of men in black propelled down the canyon walls like spiders. The men were armed with semi-automatics and Mycroft motioned for the party to proceed forward so that the helicopters could land.
John sighed, fighting the urge to strangle the stupid messenger, “Fine, the scout reported that the horsemen and their armies are just up ahead, come, let’s proceed.”
Unaware of my internal conflict Lestrade answers, “He’s on medical leave. He got banged up pretty bad last night. He’s got a couple of busted ribs. Looks like hell, but other than that he appears to be okay. Poor bastard, is most likely going to have to go for a psyche reevaluation though, given his past history.”
I nod mutely. I listen to your footsteps as they retreat away from me. Your limp is more pronounced, you must be upset-stressed. I stay in the bathroom until you leave. I then run upstairs so that I can watch the limo drive away. You get into the limo. You don’t look up. But I know you know that I am watching you. Your back tightens and you turn away from me at a 45 degree angle. Then you are gone, speeding away from me.
