"You always could read my mind, even when your powers were gone. I really want to believe you knew how it was for me. How I felt. About you." He faltered. "Even if I didn't understand. Shit." He picked up the bottle and drained the rest of it, then set the empty down. It was complicated, sure, what he felt, why he hadn't really faced it. Why he couldn't.
"You should get some rest, too." Sam was attempting stern, and failing totally; he kept glancing at Cas with that soft, happy look he got when something worked out just right. It had been missing from his face for a long time.
"Yep," Sam said, grinning right back. He closed the door behind him as he left.
“You here?” he calls out into the empty air. Sunshine streams through the front windows, illuminating the cozy grey couch, the blazing fireplace with Cas’s shoes beside it, and the green and grey throw Cas loves to tuck in around his bare feet. Snow is melting on the front stoop, but inside it’s warm and inviting, and Dean sighs with the pleasure of it.
"So if you can hear me, now you know. Thank you for what you did. I...I miss you, man. I wish...a lot of things. But none of that matters. Just, thanks."
He loves it, though. Loves the pampering he’s going to get from Cas, loves their soft couch and their big bed, and what they’ll get up to later, in that bed. He would have sacrificed a lot for this. More than he already has, even, now that he knows how good it can be.
It’s like flying, or -- it’s like being beneath the sun as his wings come apart, and then relishing the fall. It’s both, and neither, as Dean spreads his fingers over Cas’s thighs and Cas begins to move, taking Dean deep, deeper, joining them together.  Cas stills, and then leans down to kiss him, whispering to him in Enochian – a word Dean understands now, and never tires of hearing.
, Dean answered.
Dean had answered.
"I'll help," Castiel said, though Sam was still giving Dean the stink-eye.
Dean asked wonderingly, "So are we soulmates, then?"
"Tethered," Dean said, the way he might normally say "salads" and "laundry." Then he realized that somehow, he had...had he just flown? Without wings? "Tethered," he said again, but this time with more enthusiasm.
Jack had said, with that same youthful confusion he’d always shown when confronted with a human paradox.
It became a little bit of a habit - mumbling to Cas over coffee in the morning, which got him weird looks from Eileen and Sam; telling him something funny about Sam in the moments before he fell asleep at night; asking Cas questions he could never answer when he was puzzling over something weird during a hunt. (Not that Sam was letting him
“In the kitchen,” Cas calls. Dean makes his way to the back of the small house, and finds Cas sitting at the table, staring out at the garden. Nothing’s blooming in the snow, but sometimes Cas stares at the dirt like he can see flowers growing, twining invisibly around each other in their search for light and air. “There’s coffee,” Cas says, smiling at him, and the smile always wrenches Dean’s heart. How lucky he is – how lucky they are, to have this.
He had fucked up so many goddamned missed chances, sad goodbyes...he was fucking tired of it. So tired.
Sam gasped, and his fingers curled around Dean's elbow as Dean's hand found Sam's wrist. They stared together at the human form, still coalescing, becoming solid.
like Cas, like his presence was there with them, even as the form in which he had always appeared to them hung overhead - their self-sacrificial angel, arrested in the act of falling back to Earth.
Dean kissed him, right there, with his chest aching and Sam rolling his eyes and saying, "Are you going to be disappearing on every hunt when you start
Dean didn't die, was the thing.
"Huh," Dean said. It was good to know Gabriel was back in action; he'd come through for them when they needed him most. "And they're in Heaven now?"
"You can teleport twice but you can't drag a shifter?" Sam cuffed him on the head.
"Dean," Cas said, turning a troubled and very serious face to him. "I think it actually was you, not me, who invoked the bond."
When Dean opened his eyes again, feeling better than he had in months, Cas was awake, and they were nose to nose; Cas's fingers were tangled with Dean's on the blanket between them. A warm weight was over his feet - Miracle, he knew. Which meant Sam had opened the door for the dog, and let him into the room at some point, so they'd been sleeping a while. And Cas was still there, blue eyes taking stock of Dean as he slept.
"Come on, this is Cas we're talking about; no way Jack just left that detail out." Dean ran a hand through his hair, trying to calm his thumping heart down. "Is he...angel, or human? I mean...that was his grace, right? I thought I saw wings."
"The first...of...his..." Dean blinked; that was a lot to process. But Cas's hands, strong and big and so dearly missed, were cradling his face, and Cas was kissing him, and that chased all the big thoughts away, until there was only room for kisses, and feelings that refused to stay tucked away.
“You said it.” With a sigh, Dean drops into the chair beside Cas, then winces. Bobby used to talk about his old bones, but Dean hadn’t reached that stage of life where it felt true more days than not, back then. Sure, he’d always had his aches and pains, but when he was young, they’d healed up pretty well.
It’s so familiar, and yet it was so rarely spoken aloud, when it was still true; even so, it wrenches something inside Dean’s heart. “You know I don’t need it anymore,” he answers.
been like this before. He was ruined in all the best ways by the echoes of touch and connection across their bodies, deeper than skin, all the way into the eager bright corners of Dean's soul.
"So you're still an angel?" Dean asked, his forehead wrinkling in confusion. He ignored the burst of happiness it gave him to hear Castiel call them family, because he'd always known that. Castiel had told them years ago. It had never changed over the years since, for any of them, no matter how much they fought or hurt each other.
They stand side by side a moment more with their faces tilted to the sky, wings touching, soul and grace aligned in purpose. It’s the best bargain Dean has ever made; having this makes up for a lifetime of bad deals born of desperation.
Dean squeezed his eyes shut and opened them again, and then sighed with relief to see Cas was still there, which made Cas smile in return. Dean wanted to touch his smile, trace it the way he'd traced the writing on his collarbone, but he also didn't want Cas to stop holding his hand, since it had happened while he wasn't looking. So he made a joke, instead.
"Great question," Dean answered.
"Wait," Dean said, because this was another of those things that had once seemed impossible. "Jack can do that?"
"Stop making out and bring me a damn lighter," Sam said, back too damn soon with the supplies.
Castiel, pure and made new, suspended in midair, and the blinding light around him was dimming to a radiant glow.
Dean paused in pouring hot sauce over his eggs. "Wait. You know this because you were also in Heaven?"
Once in a while, he'd take Cas out under the stars on a warm night, spread him out on a blanket and kiss all of him, from the wards on his chest to his ticklish ankles to the dip in the small of his back, and indulge in the only kind of worship that would ever matter to him.
Dean turned his full attention to Castiel, who appeared to be sleeping quietly beneath Dean's sheets, and his mind bounced off in a direction he hadn't sent it in years. Was that how it had been, when Castiel rebuilt him after snatching him out of Hell? Had he reassembled Dean the same way, sending his grace sparkling through Dean's rotted body and making it whole? No matter how hard he tried, he'd never been able to remember a single instant of his rescue from Hell, or the aftermath, before waking in the ground as whole as he'd been before the hellhounds had come for him. Now that he'd seen it, the power of it...knowing how it had happened raised goosebumps all over his body as he realized the sheer power required to make - or remake - a being from nothing.
Granted, it was a nice change of pace - he was so used to being at Death's doorstep that he was a little surprised a Reaper didn't show up at the foot of his hospital bed and make nasty threats. But the world order was out of whack all the way around. What Reapers were even left? Who had taken over for Death after Billie got swallowed up by the Empty? He had no idea. No time to worry about that, because he was a little bit busy learning how to breathe again, how to move his arm, how to sit up without feeling like every organ he had wasn't going to fall out of his body. That piece of rebar ripping through his chest had done some real damage, the kind that was never going to heal right; there would be scar tissue in his muscles and his lung, and his body wouldn't ever let him forget again.
When he set his toothbrush back in the glass beside Cas's new one, Cas stepped away, but Dean wasn't having that. He'd already made up his mind; they were too far over the line to run back now. He gently pushed Cas against the wall and said, "One for the road," before leaning in to kiss him, slowly, thoroughly. Cas rested his hands on Dean's hips, and Dean deepened the kiss, because the more he kissed Cas, the more he wanted to kiss him. There was a helpless kind of joy spreading through him, a counterpoint to every loss he'd ever experienced.
They shower separately, though Dean does try to tug Cas in with him, provoking a shout of laughter that makes him grin for the rest of his shower. Then they dress, and all the while, the itch across Dean’s back grows stronger. He’s learned that this is how he’ll know where to be, when they go.
“It’s easy to return to where I’ve left off.” Cas turns to look out the window, and Dean closes his eyes to see what Cas sees – what he really sees: the infinite shapes of Heaven, unfolding like puzzle boxes in the cosmic realm. It still makes him hurt to look directly at it, when he’s in this mortal place. Not like Cas, who has almost always had the benefit of grace, and never had to straddle two worlds, two states of being. At least, not until he entered into this agreement.
"I really do need some coffee," Cas said, though his eyes were raking over Dean like he wanted to throw him to the floor then and there, which...Dean was good with, really. "More of this later, though," he said, even as he kissed Dean again, and it was like pure sugar in Dean's veins, a sweetly perfect joy, all because of a simple kiss.
"We got a dog, by the way," he said, glancing down at Miracle, who was currently slobbering on his boot. "And we're back to doing business, just like always. I, uh, we sort of, I had an accident on a hunt. Almost died." Miracle got up and hopped up into his lap, and Dean buried his fingers in the dog's fur, petting him gently. "Got me thinking, I guess. All these close calls and second chances people bought for me with everything they have. All the thanks I never got to give." His hand stilled in the dog's fur. "I owe you everything, Cas. Fuck, the universe owes you everything. You gave us the chance to work out how to beat Chuck at his own game. You gave me...you gave me my life."
Castiel smiled that tiny smile. "I may have suggested it."
"My track record isn't the greatest," Dean managed, even as his left hand was moving all by itself to cover Cas's where it held his right. "I fuck things up, Cas, and I'm good at it. I've never been able to...I've never...You know how I am." Even as he said it, a wave of memory crashed over him, of Cas's last words to him being full of love and hope about the core of who Dean was, the better parts of him Dean sometimes failed to see.
Cas swallows, and nods, and the banked blue fire in his eyes is a reminder of what they both are, and are not.
"So." Cas reached out and settled his hand on top of Dean's, and the contact of his fingertips was like an electric shock, which smoothed into warm softness -- the same sensation he'd had when he'd watched Cas's grace exploding into his body. Beneath it was an
When they separate, Dean’s eyes flutter closed, and he gropes for Cas’s hand; Cas reaches back immediately, and they lace their fingers together between them on the bed. Between one breath, and the next, Dean is fast asleep.
"Let me." Sam stood and reached down to set Castiel on his feet. But Castiel wobbled, and then collapsed. "Got him," Sam said, as he bent his knees to scoop Cas up in a fireman's carry.
"Most, yes."
"Nope," Sam said, getting up quickly, but the bastard was hiding a smile. "Think I'll make a quick call to Claire, let her know you're back. That'll take a minute."
“I spent much time in the garden today.” Cas smiles. “Clearing space for what’s coming next. Laying out the framework.”
"Still hungry?" he murmured, sliding his hands underneath the hoodie to touch Cas's bare skin. He slid the heel of his right hand over the marking's on Cas's side and leaned close to press his lips beneath Cas's ear. Cas arched away from the door, his hips pressing into Dean's, and Dean could feel how hard he was.
"Of course you can," Sam said, at the same time Dean said, "Obviously, duh."  Cas's eyes flicked up to Dean's and then away again, and Dean had a flash of all those times he hadn't wanted Cas to stay, or had turned him away, for what seemed like terrible reasons in hindsight. So for good measure, he took Cas's hand and held it, right there in his own kitchen, in front of Sam, because fuck it.
"No, it's fine. Nothing's going to happen. This is a good thing, Sammy." Dean looked up at Sam, whose expression shifted from worry to tenderness when he saw Dean's face. Normally that would have made Dean roll his eyes, but everything he saw on Sam's face, he felt down to his bones. "Check those totally useless wards that protect this place from basically nothing, and go to bed."
"Explain," he said, trying to ignore how Sam had gone right back to tugging off Dean's layers to look at his back and chest.
"He said he wasn't going to interfere. Sam, he could have brought him back the last time we saw him. When he brought everyone else back."
“I should—“ Dean whispers, thinking of getting clean, of standing in a hot shower, but Cas’s hands are tugging at his shirt, revealing skin for him to touch.
"Our souls," Dean said, not sure why that was important - just that it was.
Dean sighed. "You could have said something about all that. Before." Before Dean was moments away from Billie sending him to a permanent death. Before it was their last chance, their last conversation, and no way to ever make that right.
He sits back in the chair, ignoring the sudden twinges and pops of his spine as it settles into its true age, and admires the view. Cas’s back beneath the tight blue T-shirt is slender but muscled, and now that the trenchcoat isn’t in the way all the time, Dean can give him the appreciation he deserves.
“I know.” Cas stands beside his chair, and Dean rests his head against Castiel’s belly, eyes closed. “And I will ensure you have it. This human body of yours that you’re so attached to can withstand many more years of this strange existence, segmented into fractions of years.”
“Sounds fun, but I was hoping you’d say my stuff.”
“How would I know? I left early this morning. He’s probably finishing up his supper right now.” Or perhaps eating it directly off of his husband’s abs.
It was almost too much for Cas, but by some miracle, Cas was able to get Dean into his costume. Although Dean hadn’t said much more after their brief introduction, Cas could feel the heat of Dean’s gaze on him throughout.
He shut the door and sighed. Surely, by morning word would get out that Castiel was a hideous excuse for an angel, and his fiancé would cancel the whole ordeal. Facing his wedding day was the most stressful thing he’s ever gone through, more stressful than war or even dealing with his own family. With battle, he knew what to expect. There were plans, rules of engagement. But with a man he’s never met, there was only uncertainty, and there was nothing worse than that.
Remembering his promise not to disrobe Cas, Dean went for his buckle and slid it open while he continued to tease Cas’s tongue with his own. When his pants were open, he spent a brief moment contemplating how much he could get away with. Would Cas let him push his pants and boxers down to his ankles, or would that be considered ‘too far’? Not wanting to end the party before it even started, he decided it wasn’t worth the risk. There was a lot he could do with just an open fly, and with time ticking, he got down to business.
He scoffed. “Hell no. Flynn was my first pick, but Gaston gets to have more fun with the guests, so I’m not complaining. The prince’s scripts are too strict.”
“Yes, but where is
His soulmate was a man.
“What’s what?”
She remained as still as Dean had ever seen her, just watching and making little baby noises at her brother, cooing softly to him as he slept. Dean’s heart clenched in his chest at the clear love she already had for her little brother. Dean pulled his gaze to Cas, who had leaned back on his heels and was watching Claire with the same expression.
“So, Cas— can I call you Cas?”
He glanced to his feet, guilt flooding his system. “Hello, ma’am.”
Dean snorted to himself. Pot, kettle. Dean wasn’t exactly the life of the party these days, either. Not that he ever was. When his mother died and his dad made himself scarce, Dean took on the role of breadwinner. At the tender age of seventeen, he earned his GED and got his first job at a machining manufacturer. He got up at the ass crack of dawn and worked until three in the afternoon, just in time to pick Sammy up for school. He was in bed by eight pm and woke at four in the morning to do it all again. Now in his thirties, his job title has changed, but he still worked at the same plant he did all of those years ago. He hated it. Everyday, he needed to remind himself that a job was a job. He would be looking for another one if it didn’t take so much effort, but he felt guilty complaining when so many people in the world were unemployed.
Missouri silenced him with a glare. “Like I said, mine are better. Now, why don’t you go and get your boy.”
was better than being dressed like a peacock and paraded in front of his father. Clothes like this had no place in his life anymore, and he hated that this was to be his future. Surely his future spouse, whoever they may be, would expect it of him.
Cas smiled. “I know my profile says I’m a history teacher, but they didn’t leave much room for hobbies. I do historical reenacting, and I met Dean at an event. He was there with his friend, and it was love at first sight.”
, how he couldn’t heal them.
, fuck.
it was a little embarrassing— they never, ever show affection like this. of course, sometimes there’s pats on the back, a little bit of face-holding, but— never like this.
. he always forgets how strong creatures can be, especially ones like
“drive.”
cas seems to sense dean’s nervousness as his eyes soften and his knee bouncing comes to a slow halt.
. cas is so hard that his tip is an angry red, tinted with purple and dean needs him, needs cas. cas gasps as dean’s hand wraps around him, the noise causing goosebumps to rise on dean’s skin.
!” dean’s smiling a little, almost laughing, briefly forgetting about the screaming pain in his ass because— who makes a (previous) angel of the lord
it sounds cheesy, but…  honest to god, dean’s heart stops. his eyes are so,
she presses her hand into his chest, trying to press him back against the car but he jolts a little, steps away from the impala. he doesn’t want to be pinned, doesn’t want to be so
the lube is on the nightstand, and cas is already reaching for it, flicking the lid open. he slicks dean up quickly, finishing with a soft squeeze that makes dean’s eyes roll back, moves to spread the remaining lube on his own cock and—
“30 minutes ? i wonder how we’ll fill the time…” cas tilts his head up, capturing dean’s lips in another kiss.
“i just…” cas hesitates, hands kneading the fabric of his sweatpants, picking at the fabric. dean’s noticed that cas likes to fiddle with things like this, likes to have something to do with his hands. he looks… adorable. dean stops a little, blinks. what the fuck? he looks—he looks like cas.
, but she’s turning her head to look at him and he realizes that he—
him with a lamia practically down his pants. but then he thinks about the girl, the way she was looking at him, talking to him like he was hers. that’s never bothered him before, so—
“‘m fine!
and dean’s breathless, barely holding on as cas continues to press his mouth against him and slowly shoving him up the wall further, wanting,
dean is screwing his eyes shut, unconsciously clenches around cas’s cock after each thrust, desperate to stay full. and, when he— when he’s bottomed out, he clenches, and cas lets out a deep, ear-piercing moan, head falling back against the white pillows with a
dean hear him, would make him understand, make him feel what cas felt. the alcohol in his system makes him feel stupid, like these feelings aren’t real, like they’re just… part of the influence.
she laughs, too fake, too loud, and sam whirls around, looks at dean with wide eyes.
for that later, but now he can’t think about it, is bracing himself on the wall and trying to recover from that fucking
“yeah.”
in his stomach.
“the lamia was trying to get me last night, right?
with this.
he watches cas’s face twist in confusion, then soften, like he’s realized something.
fucking slow, and they… act like they always do, work on the case normally. cas is … quiet, though. he contributes, but only in little ways, when he’s needed, when they’ve found that they don’t know what else to do with their evidence. dean’s quiet, too.
it happens again.
dean turns his head to the opposite side of the impala, sees that sam’s moving from where he was crouched, and he has the salt-rosemary shit in his hand, trying to work the jar open as he approaches.
, making him jolt.
. he was definitely not expecting to return to the motel to loud thumps against the wall to his right, to deep groans through the wall. sure, sam had suffered through a lot in the past—dean isn’t unfamiliar with the term “hookup.”
“shit— am i squashing you?” dean laughs a bit and rolls off him, hand moving to rub up cas’s chest. cas rolls his eyes and tugs dean back, closer and dean beams. “but yeah,
they’re
“‘m good,” dean grunts out. that’s all cas needs and he’s pulling out and
no, absolutely fucking not. damn it, don’t let the bed be cursed. he really,
dean averts his gaze, feels fucking embarrased because he just
he glances at the clock, and—
“well, i’m sure that sam is focused on tracking down the lamia, perhaps if he does have anything to tell us he will tell us after.”
it’s cold outside of the covers, but they don’t get in, just lay there for a second, skin bare.
dean’s world had turned into nothing but castiel,
it’s not that he doesn’t want to be seen— quite the fucking
“okay, yeah,” dean’s brows are furrowed, eyes scanning back and forth trying to process the information as best he can in the state he’s in. “but i thought you were staying at the bunker? keeping an eye on jack—wait, where
doesn’t want her to continue dropping monster juice on baby. it’s been too long a day and dean’s brain can’t seem to think fast enough like it’s done in the past, his quick wit that usually saves him from getting into situations like this seems to be failing him today.
“wha- what do you mean
he remembers asking cas what had happened when he leaned him on the map table, and then cas was laying back, slumping back in defeat and dean
does it make him feel nauseous? sometimes, when the hangover’s bad. but it tastes
he’s still in all of his clothes, and dean
god, she sounds so fake, and cas wants to yank her away by the fucking curls, tell her she can’t talk to dean anymore. he just .. doesnt want her to. he wants her to take her fake compliments and her fake breasts and
sam yells at them to hurry up, and they
something like that. they’re light and practically blend in with his skin tone, but dean thinks they’re perfect. cas’s hair had gotten a little longer as well, his angel mojo not keeping it the same length anymore or whatever. his pretty brown curls almost reach his cheeks now, tumble over his forehead in thin, smooth waves. he’s…. beautiful, a perfect example of angelic. he’d… never noticed these things about him, never seen him look so peaceful without his grace.
dean lifts his head off the mattress, not bothering to move the rest of his body. cas is back in the trenchcoat, seated at the edge of the motel’s chair, tapping his foot.
sometimes the numbers stick together in his head, they have a few room numbers that they always stick to, just for consistency, but… it can still get confusing. he has to try a few different doors, cursing under his breath each time the key doesn’t fit in the lock. sam usually gets bitchy when he forgets, but--
… cas. can i ride you? need t’... feel you, need—
,” it’s the first thing he can think of, but she looks like she’s willing to go along with it for a meal.
dean pouts before he can stop himself. his dignity flew out the window a
than him, beats him to it and then they’re
“more, cas, ple-ease, ple—”
the waitress comes back with their orders, setting the food down in front of them. she has to arrange everything
“we only have a half-hour, cas…”
“out.”
it was all… weirdly normal.
dean isn’t sure if cas is asking if he’s alright emotionally or physically because he’s been limping around the whole day, but he makes a noise in reply, tries to nod.
, and he still looks like a damn angel. “we gotta, uh — meet sammy for breakfast at 7, so… we should
, it was too much for dean sometimes. he had never really allowed himself to think about cas like that, always pushing it to the back of his mind to deal with later but never opening that jar up again. dean had also never quite allowed himself to think about guys that way in general, is cas even a dude? was a dude? but now that cas is lounging around, looking so
, and dean’s eyes are squeezing shut, his hand flying to grip cas’s wrist where it’s holding his thigh. he can’t hold in the noises, can’t even fucking focus on that right now because it’s so good, and cas is slamming into his prostate, sending him wheeling, crying. his cheeks are slick with tears and he thinks he might pass out if cas doesn’t let up, can’t think about anything but cas, cas, cas. his hands, his skin, his
the motel bathroom isn’t disgusting, but it’s far from great. there are some indiscernible beige stains on the tile, and he’s scared to look too closely at the shower curtains. he pries himself away from the mirror and leans into the clean part of the wall with a sigh. his chest feels heavy. he shouldn’t have snapped at cas like that, he feels… horrible. he’s been a
he needs him fucking
they wake up after their night together, and—
he was dreaming, having a
“open.”
“shut up,” dean says, forces his voice to be deep. “d’you find anything on the case?” dean stumbles away from the open door, trying to wipe the exhaustion from his eyes, patting his face to try to wake himself up a bit more. he hears the click of the door shutting, the sound of the lock sliding back into place. it’s instinct, at this point.
“dude, what’s your fucking problem tonight? what’s wro—”
“cas—” dean chokes out. he opens his mouth, sucking in a breath he didn’t know he was holding. he tries to spill out other words, say something,
she’s fit, has extra meat in all the right places, and dean can appreciate that. she’s got a pretty face, looks like every other woman at the bar, but dean needs a distraction, needs something to do with his fucking
or something. though.. cas would take that over being completely ignored. dean was the one who brought cas here in the first place, he's in no shape to fucking complain. but...
lamia are relatively easy to kill if you have access to rosemary and a lighter, but if you dont… you need a silver knife, blessed by a priest. dean’s sighing, running through the facts as he gathers up his clothes, unlocks the door and pushes his way out of the bathroom.
it, all he wants is for it to fucking stop.
isn’t he doing it now?
to, “we’re leaving.”
full of emotion, too forceful, “you look
this just as much. dean hadn’t realized how much he’d needed this.
“where?”
dean is bullshitting him, but… he doesn’t want to push him.
“two beers,” dean grumbles, leaning hard on his elbows on the surface bar, trying to block out the music, the smells, the voices. yeah it was his decision to come here but for once the sound and noises aren’t drowning out his thoughts. he isn’t even sure if cas wants a beer, but— if cas doesn’t drink it then it’s just more for him, right?
his face is warm, and he’s praying that cas stays asleep, stays quiet and dormant and
, cas wants to yell. he doesn’t know how he’s gonna knock some fucking sense into him, doesn’t want to cross a line, but he-- he can’t think about losing dean, not right now.
but what he wasn’t expecting to hear was a loud groan from the opposite wall that sounded a
it’s not
think about that soon.”
Cas kissed him, and Dean let himself begin to believe that it would be okay, maybe, to let himself have this. And to let Cas have him, too.
"Hell yes you are. More smiting, less fighting." Dean let him go, now that Cas was suitably rumpled. "Help me up."
The sensation of being swung up in the air swept over him, of being tugged forward at a speed he could barely perceive, and then he was standing unsteadily in the bunker, flailing for something to hold onto, and Cas was steadying him. All at once he knew the sensation, because he'd hated it as long as he could remember - angel flight.
It was a steep learning curve, but he’s just about mastered it, with Cas’s help.
"I'd blame it on the booze, but Sam threw me on the wagon and won't let me off."
"Gabriel has resumed his duties as Archangel, and the others are doing productive work."
"No." Cas looked at him, and Dean knew they were both thinking of it, now. Hard to avoid it forever. Those last moments, before Castiel died, and all the things he'd rushed to say.
Dean drew his fingers through Cas's hair, and allowed himself to trace that handsome face, touch those lips, because he didn't trust himself to speak. Which was okay; he could tell by the way Cas was watching him that he knew.
"Almost dying has that effect on people," Cas said. "I should know."
"Sam is never going to stop teasing us about this. Just so you know," Dean said, because words like tether and bond and mortality and together were banging around in his head, colliding with joy and worry and fear of losing everything again.
“Time will tell.” Cas is watching him, and the blue of his eyes is the beacon that draws Dean out into the deeper waters. He stands up and Cas stands with him, moves into Cas’s space and Cas presses close, and when Dean kisses Cas it’s like a shower of starlight on the clearest night, shining so bright and beautiful it could burn.
"What-" Dean startled, but didn't pull his hand away. After a moment, the sensation faded. "What is that?"
"Shh," Cas said, "rest." Quiet happiness suffused Dean as he settled against Cas's body and let himself sink back into sleep.
"Dean!"
Dean grinned again, and pillowed his head on his good arm. He was uncomfortable and aching, but that didn't matter at all. Having Cas near enough to touch, and to take the liberty of actually touching him, felt both dangerous and right. Looking at Cas's face, slack with sleep and free of weariness for the first time since Dean had known him, quieted that part of him that had been calling out for Cas since the moment he died.
"Good thinking," Dean said, staring at his brother in full retreat. He was barely out of sight when Cas rose to refill his coffee cup, taking Dean's with him. Dean watched him go, noting the graceful way he moved across the kitchen. Like he'd always been there with them. Like maybe he always would be, now.
Cas nodded, his lips curling at the corner from the reminder of that particular night, which had set so much of the future in motion. "Every moment I was in Heaven, I heard you praying. You may not know this, but when you were thinking of me, it was very much the same as a prayer. And I felt it as such."
And then Castiel's eyes opened, that familiar, piercing blue. They locked first on Sam, and then shifted immediately to Dean, and widened. "Dean?" he rasped softly, an expression of confusion on his face.
“I think you mean, the place
"Never underestimate the power that comes from our desires being aligned," Cas said quietly. "It's why I'm on Earth with you now."
“Can do.” Dean looks wistfully at the six-pack of beer that he never got to break open. It'll be waiting, for their return home. Then he stands a little taller and opens the door.
"Jesus." Dean rubbed at the headache beginning between his eyes. He knew, even without Cas saying it, just how much time he'd spent thinking about Cas the last several months.
, yesterday Cas had been dead and now they were kissing like nothing had happened - what the fuck was his life these days - didn't mean Cas was off the hook. Yet.
"I'm not sure," Cas said thoughtfully. "It's something to explore. A new tool in the box, as it were."
Castiel's hand slipped into his again. "A very small price to pay."
Dean followed Sam as he headed down the hall; he tapped Sam on the shoulder and said, "My room."
Dean glanced up and to the side, and bit his lip, and resisted every impulse he had to make a joke out of that. Cas chose that moment to move into his space, to run his hands under Dean's shirt and seek out the damaged skin over what was twisted inside him. Always, somehow, he found those hurt places, and seemed to soothe them with his touch. There were all kinds of healing, Dean supposed.
"I didn't," Castiel said, staring at him with alarm. "I could sense you were weakening and I was concerned for you, and I considered -- but I didn't - I haven't left here. I don't understand-"
Dean nods, and swallows, and tries to believe. Here, in this small house, in this small place, with all of Heaven’s power surrounding it, where Dean’s body remembers how to be human, and his soul is constrained in its power. Here, where he ages and his old bones creak, where he can breathe and love and desire, and have Castiel in his arms. Here where they stood together by the fire and agreed Cas would help Jack rebuild Heaven, and Dean would do the work Jack had for him – what he’s best at, because Heaven is a pale remnant of life, built of echoes, and Dean hates it. Cas is safe, and Dean is useful, and that’s enough for him.
"I am not sitting in the car while a pack of shifters murders you, so shut the hell up," Dean said hotly. He swiveled his head back to Cas. "Are you telling me that I can go zipping through the ether just because I want to?"
Castiel stirred in his arms, and air started to come back into Dean's lungs. He hadn't realized he'd been holding his breath, waiting for whatever was coming next.
He swallows and sits back, takes in the absolute debauchery of his angel sprawled out on the bed, glistening and spent. “Castiel,” Dean says, and there’s a rumble of power in using the name, overlaid with the bone-deep sureness that it’s his alone to say with love.
Dean lifted an eyebrow, because if ever he'd been fed half a story - this was that and then some. "Just like that? You asked, he dropped you right into the Bunker?"
"Hey! Wounded!" Dean gestured to himself. "Nauseous. Like you keep telling me, have to heal at my own pace!"
Dean peered up into that light, and gasped to see the familiar shadow of long wings, arcing behind Cas's body.
In answer, Dean turned to Cas, the flash-fire of familiar anger rolling through his body. "Why'd you yank me out? What were you thinking?"
Dean knows when he’s beaten. So he nods, and leans in for one more kiss. Cas takes Dean’s face in his hands, cradles it like something precious; pours love into him, as he always has – body, breath and grace always turned toward Dean, even when Dean was too fucking stupid to see it for what it was.
Cas hesitated, and Dean knew instantly that there was a lot more. "I asked to be allowed to return to Earth, and he agreed."
“Still creepy,” Dean informs him, though it’s not at all, and to prove it, he turns on his side and inches forward to kiss Cas, morning breath and all.
"Great. I'll just," and here Sam backed away three steps, like leaving the presence of royalty, "be in the kitchen. Okay then." He closed the door behind him again.
, like Cas was opening to him the way an ancient book might, and Dean only had to open his eyes to understand what was written there.
The moment Dean’s through the front door, the weight of the world drops from his shoulders. He sets his package down on the carved oak table beside the door – something Cas brought home from his travels – and starts to sling his keys. It’s an old habit, that one; the motion as natural to his arm as breathing is to the body. No keys to sling, these days.
“You think I’m crazy.”
“Do you regret it?” Dean asks suddenly, because the far-way look on Castiel’s face is too much to bear. Maybe he’d rather be in Heaven, instead of making a home on Earth. Dean knows what he asked was selfish, and maybe the cost for Cas has become too high.
Pretty eloquent for a resurrected angel. Dean kissed him, because his heart may or may not have been melting under all that emotion, but no one could prove it even if it was true.
die?"
He rounded the corner and stopped dead, his left hand pressed against the wall to hold him up. It vibrated under his fingers, quaking beneath the fearsome power on display in the middle of the library.
"I'm coming with you from now on," Cas said, with a satisfying and definitive nod of his head.
"Oh, them's fightin' words." Dean sighed happily, then turned and clapped Sam on the belly. "Shifters aren't relocating and burning themselves, Sammy!"
"What do you mean?" Cas said, frowning slightly. It was the frown that undid him; it was so...Cas.
"His idea?" Sam asked softly, looking at Dean.
He didn't say it out loud, but he spent a little time thinking about Lisa and Ben, who had been his family, until he made them forget and forced himself to forget, too. He'd thought a lot about her in the last couple of years, her kindness and acceptance of his faults; mostly when he did, he also thought about how Cas had always been there for him no matter what kind of mess he made, and how much emptiness there had been in Dean's heart every time he had died. It was the kind of gaping hole he couldn't fill with booze or random women; they'd touch him, and he'd think about the ways Cas had touched him, how his touch had literally healed Dean in all the important ways over the years.
And there it was, unfurled between them like it was just ordinary, the biggest and most monumental revelation of Dean's life. All the things he'd never dared to say...but he'd said them after all, hadn't he? He'd said them, and Cas had heard them, and there wasn't any reason to pretend he didn't feel it anymore. He could just...love him. If Cas wanted Dean to love him. Which was a crazy thought, but maybe that wasn't how it worked for angels. After all, he still didn't know why Cas was back or what his purpose was in returning. Maybe that was all in the past, just a quaint little footnote to what they used to be, and Cas didn't feel that way anymore...maybe he was his old, detached angelic self, and it was too late.
He also remembered speaking to Jack, sort of. It was a thought, or an approximation of thought, words directed at Jack because he loved the kid, whether or not he'd been able to prove that in any way that mattered.
"But if I'd been here," Cas went on, relentless, "neither of us would ever have known how the other felt. I certainly would never have spoken of it."
"We caused this?" Dean did not like the hysterical edge to his voice, so he took another deep breath. "By wanting the same thing, more or less?"
"Yes," Cas said. There were rustling sounds; blankets moving aside, Cas digging through the bag, and clothes being drawn on. "I do."
“There’s also soup,” Cas says, “because I thought you might be tired.”
That sensation of being warm and close and loved was back, and Dean shed the fear of Cas not wanting him. He only had to lean in, and then it was done; Cas's lips were soft and pliant under his, opening to him as Dean let go of Cas's hand to put his arm over Cas and bring him even closer. All the years he'd tried not to think about this, and had pretended not to want it, and it was so much more than he'd ever hoped. It was like finding home again, after searching for it endlessly and not knowing where it might be.
For a split second the tension was suspended, and then the thrumming against Dean's eardrums stopped. The silence was equally deafening as they stared - and then silver light burst forth from
"With practice, we should be able to understand what happened, and master it," Cas said. "So this never happens again."
Dean sat up, dislodging Miracle (who immediately shifted his attention to Cas, who seemed delighted to meet him) and then slowly swung his legs over the side of the bed and stood, stretching cautiously. Mornings were always the worst, and this one was no exception, especially since he'd been sleeping weird. "Hey yourself."
Cas leaned into the kiss, on one knee with his hand still on Dean's neck, and Dean fisted his T-shirt and yanked him closer just to hear Cas's little growl of pleasure. "Wonder Twin powers, activate," he said gleefully, to a confused frown from Cas. "And no, Sammy, that ain't happening again, I'm not going to leave you with a pile of shifters by zapping home to Cas, because-"
"I was about to gank a shifter! Why would I-" Dean broke off suddenly, because he was replaying the whole thing in his head. "Oh, no," he said, because right before that shifter tossed him into a pile of boxes, he'd thought - he'd wanted Cas, sure, but more than that, he'd thought he shouldn't have left the bunker that day, that he was no good to Sam, that he'd never be able to hunt right again, and he wished he had told Cas to come. Which had led him to think that he wished he'd stayed back with Cas. That he wanted to go home to him.
Dean rubbed at his chest, which was all he could do when he started getting that pain, because his arm wasn't long enough to reach the actual wound on his back. "Seems like there are a few more things to talk about, maybe?"
“Dean?” Cas casts a knowing look over his left shoulder, and Dean grins. Busted.
Desperately, he said, "I almost got taken out by a damn vampire and a piece of rebar not that long ago. What if I..." He stopped, because another terrible thought had occurred to him. "What if
"Is he..." Sam reached out a tentative hand.
"Still here," Dean said, through a watery smile. "Not for lack of trying."
"Trusted advisor?" Sam asked, because, trust him to home in on the heart of it.  "Doing what?"
“There’s another job,” Cas says, and almost as soon as he says it, Dean can feel the itch across his shoulder blades, the impatience of the other half of his nature to get on with it. “This time I think I should go with you.”
"No idea," Sam said. "Looked like it, but shouldn't he be powered up now, if he has his grace? The only time I've ever seen him sleep was when he was hurt, or when his powers were weak or gone. And his wings...yeah, I don't know, Dean, this is crazy. If he's, uh, brand new, why is he out like a light?"
Cas stroked his thumb over Dean's wrist in slow, even sweeps. "So I've heard. It has been your frequent complaint, as I recall."
"Many of them. Gabriel, Uriel, Balthazar and Anna, for certain...and several hundred more from my garrison."
something happened. He was bound and determined to be positive about it. Why not? He was the boy who lived, after all, even if he'd never take a deep breath or fire a shotgun without pain again.
"It was like having you with me, but far away, where I couldn't see you. And then you were hurt, and I felt your soul on the verge of ascending to Heaven, and I...wanted to come, to be here with you, but I couldn't interfere."
"Also maybe because you asked him?" Dean said, because it seemed pretty suspicious that Jack would be plucking up angels he'd never known, for no reason.
"So, everything turned out okay," he said, picking a little at the label. "Jack is...well, let's just say, you were right about him all along. It was a rough road to get here, for sure, but he's turned out good, Cas. We did good. I think." He glanced up at the ceiling and added, "Uh, not that we're taking credit, exactly. Just, I think we helped set the tone." He toasted to the invisible omnipresent Jack who might or might not be listening, and then set the beer on the table, next to Jack and Cas's names, where he'd carved them into the wood the night they won.
“The intel was right. Found Ashariel exactly where we expected him to be. Wasn’t much of a fight, to be honest.”
"Jack." Dean was certain. He couldn't have explained how he knew, how he understood now that Jack had been with him somehow when he was fighting to live, but that light...he was sure.
"And I wanted you out of harm's way," Cas said. He was watching Sam's examination of Dean with worried eyes. "Perhaps we caused this."
He and Cas step together off the porch, and the ache of humanity recedes; he sheds the limitations of mortal life as easily as the sun melts snow. The itch between his shoulder blades becomes another part of his body, under his control – he reaches for it with a thought and flicks his wings into existence, unfurling them like a long lazy stretch under the cold winter sky. An instant later Cas is ready, his own wings shifting between planes with joyful anticipation.
Beyond words, there’s only Cas’s mouth on his, taking gently, and Dean’s body surrenders to its pleasure while he splays his hands across the small of Cas’s back, holding him close. Always.
“Checked in on the nephew, too,” Dean says, as he looks wistfully at his empty plate. “He’s okay. And his girls. All good.”
"So, all your fellow soldiers. That you knew personally." Sam chewed another couple bites.
Always, he was aware of the depth of Cas's feelings for him, and even though it freaked him out a little to know Cas could feel Dean's as well, it was kind of a relief. To not have to try to explain, or say it. To have it be understood. It was something he'd always wanted, though he'd never been able to explain it. Now, he didn't have to.
“I just want time to rest.” He takes a deep breath, to feel the burn in his lungs and the thumping of his aging heart. “To—to—“
"Sure," Sam said. Dean looked over at Sam, because he could sense an imminent question explosion in 3...2... "Cas, how are you...Did you escape from the Empty?"
In a way, it felt safe, because he was pretty sure Cas couldn't hear him, and that made him bold. He spent a wistful evening while Sam was out with Eileen telling Cas all about how Sam had never had a chance to be happy, how Dean had either ruined it for him or how their lives wouldn't allow for it, and how much he wanted Sam to have a chance for a wife and kids. "Can't turn back the clock," Dean said out loud to the universe, to Cas, to himself. "Maybe could make better use of it going forward, though."
"I can be useful here on Earth," Cas said, shifting his gaze back to Dean. "It is where my family is. Angels are not only useful in Heaven, as you know."
Immediately, Cas didn’t trust him. There had been many times at the beginning of their friendship where he was lulled into a false sense of security only to be dragged to a strip club, wine tasting, or other—equally bothersome—tasks. The fact that Balthazar was giving him that same feeling on the morning of such an important day was even more worrying. “Goodmorning.”
Dean’s eyes widened. “So he is real? I fuckin knew it. I’ve heard about his fighting style, but no one can tell me much else. We’ve heard some crazy stories about him. A few years ago he flew in to save an entire village single-handedly, picking off the demons like it was nothing and leaving just as quick. No one would have believed it if he hadn’t left a few feathers behind, which is how we know his wings are naturally dark. One time he escorted a princess to her kingdom and she asked her father if she could marry him! How crazy is that?”
“Refreshing? You don't think he's a has-been? The guy has been writing for years. Isn't he just another washed-up author?”
“Did you want to work on that scene?”
And fuck, he stopped being Professor Novak ages ago, and now it was just Cas with his damn argyle socks and perpetual bedhead, and he was fucking the life out of Dean. A foot nudged his legs wider, and suddenly the angle changed. Dean knew he’d never be able to come on Cas’s cock alone, but it was becoming a close thing.
“I know.”
“I thought you were a murderer!” Dean burst into laughter, forcing Cas to defend himself. “The first time you were here you left the browser up and you had looked up how to get away with murder! What was I supposed to think?”
No one who met Dean could say that he didn't love his brother. He talked about Sam constantly, whether it be about his stellar grades, his beautiful girlfriend, or his job prospects. Dean visited him as much as he could, although it wasn't near as often as he wanted. The drive was a hard one, spanning at least two days of driving, and put him out a few hundred dollars in gas, hotel, and food, and sleeping on the couch sucked, but the sacrifice was worth it to have an uninterrupted week with Sam.
He shook himself out of it a moment later, almost laughing at himself for getting emotional thinking of a theoretical child that he hadn't even brought up to Cas yet. Dean took the plate of patties inside and deposited it next to the buns.
Like every morning, his soulmate was driving down the interstate. The very same interstate that Dean was camped on, just waiting to see him drive by. He wished the guy was paying attention to the surrounding area, but like the good driver Dean knew he was, the man was steadily watching the traffic in front of him.
“You really haven't looked, have you?”
“Excellent. The soonest she can meet is this Tuesday at 12:30, and after that there is—”
Who knew what would happen in the next year. Naomi would have to find a replacement, obviously, but from the way she spoke about Castiel, it seemed that someone as good as his would be nearly impossible to come by. Thankfully, he was expected home and Hester would have his head if he delayed a moment longer, so he would be able to avoid the immediate fallout. With that thought in mind, he rushed to his room and immediately threw his clothes into his traveling trunks. Within the hour, he was loaded into his carriage and heading home, leaving the palace and the whole mess behind him.
Dean always thought they’d do something a little more exciting for their third anniversary. Maybe a nice bed and breakfast, or if Dean had his way, a long road trip. After all, statistically most marriages that are destined to fail usually do so before the two-year mark, so making it to three years was kind of a big deal. Unfortunately for them, the big day landed on a Thursday. They briefly considered taking the day off and celebrating it, Thursday or not, but if they took Thursday off, they may as well take Friday off too, and at that point, a four-day weekend for the sake of an anniversary started to feel a little silly, especially since they weren’t going anywhere. With two kids, it was hard to find someone willing to watch both of them so they could go off and fuck like rabbits. Overnight was the best their friends and family could do, maybe two nights if they begged.
Dean could do nothing but laugh as they left the arena and headed in the direction of the castle. “Well, that was fun.” Cas glared at him, and he was really growing to like that stormy look on his husband’s face. “Oh, come on. They liked you! In fact, I think they like you more than me. Last month Cain actually took my sword away.”
The kingdom of Winchester was utterly ignorant of the situation when they approved the marriage and signed the contract that would bind the kingdoms together. As the youngest son of the king, no one knew what he looked like. His portrait had never been painted and sent to the neighboring kingdoms because he simply wasn’t important enough. He had never been asked to make the journey to Winchester, nor would his father want him there. Castiel’s specialty was military tactics and battle knowledge, not politics. He was too straightforward for diplomacy and his talent for strategizing kept him on the field working with the humans his father hated so much, rather than royals.
But Dean’s favorite thing, the one that took him from zero to sixty in a second flat, was that goddamned unimpressed eyebrow quirk he always did. In the right circumstance, a single twitch of that brow could get Dean running to the bedroom, stripping as he went. Other times, it conveyed Cas’s silent disappointment.
“I can see your gears turning. It’s nothing, ok? I’ve seen worse search history on my boyfriend’s laptop.”
It had never been like this with Michael. When they were first married, Cas had been ecstatic over the chance to create their own holiday traditions, and the holiday he had been most excited for was Christmas. It had always been his favorite time of the year, and the only time he was able to see his cousins and other extended family.
Stationed on the front lines, Castiel only heard about the mess at the palace from Balthazar, his only brother that cared enough to send the occasional letter. As the youngest son and a thorn in his father's side, Castiel didn’t even make it past his sixteenth birthday before King Zachariah shipped him off to the war front. According to Zachariah, he was being sent away to build character, but he knew it was because he looked too much like the humans the king despised and he had no place for that in his court. It was meant to humble him and put him in his place, but once away from his father, Castiel flourished. Finally given the attention he needed to thrive, he worked his way up the ranks, never using his royal status to earn a promotion. By the time he was twenty-eight, he was one of their most successful commanders and a decorated war hero. Because of his outstanding record, his father left him alone. He was virtually untouchable, and he used that to his full advantage.
“Well, I didn’t mean it like—I mean, I didn’t interpret it that way. Sure, he was an ass, but they were childhood friends. They wouldn’t let a little argument get in the way of that.”
His head felt heavy as he picked up the last present, his vision swimming just enough that he had to squint in order to read the writing. “King Bidgood’s in the Bathtub? Sounds kinky.”
“Someone looked at my dumb ass and thought ‘Hey, that guy would be a good dad.’ What the fuck.”
Cas let out a long sigh and worked his way to his knees. To Dean’s immense relief, Cas’s eyes were bright and free from redness. He didn’t know how he would react to tears in this situation. “Did they call you, too?”
It didn’t sound like a question, but he supposed it must have been. “I am. May I help you?”
Cas fell back on the bed, his limbs limp and tingling in the aftermath of his powerful orgasm. He was sweaty and sticky, and he could feel the cum drying on his chest and hand, but he found it impossible to move. Dean collapsed beside him, his softening cock slipping out of him and leaving him far too empty. He made a noise of discontent and summoned every ounce of energy he had to roll over and throw his arm over Dean’s torso.
His relationship with Michael had never been perfect. They bickered and argued like any other couple, had disagreements just like everyone else, but they loved each other. At least, for a while they did. They had fallen for each other fast and hard, and after four years of dating had gotten married. The transition into married life had been an easy one. It wasn’t until three years into it that things started to change. The bickering slowly morphed into arguing, and that arguing morphed into yelling matches, but still… They’d said their vows, and Cas was nothing if not a dedicated man. They’d work through things just like they always did. Even if Michael’s eye-rolling was becoming a regular occurrence and his barbs were beginning to cut deep.
“Dean!” he snorted into his hand, nearly toppling over into the pile of presents. “Stop!”
“Dangit!” She huffed in annoyance and made a frustrated face. “I was trying to stay up, but I fell asleep. I didn’t even get to hear the bells…”
“I’m glad to hear it. We can continue until the water cools and then I’ll give you a to-go bag. When you get home, please take a hot bath and stay in until the pain is gone. Should only take a couple of hours.”
Softer this time, Cas braced his forearms on either side of Dean’s head and joined their mouths again. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas’s waist and pulled him in, holding him in place as they pressed together. Dean wormed a hand between them, dipping his fingers behind the belt of his slacks and pulling out the tails of Cas’s shirt so he could stroke the skin over his hips and stomach.
“Of course!”
Finally he was done, and without prompting, Dean walked himself to Charlie’s station so he could get his black wig glued on.
“No, I'm not.”
Dean held his hand away from himself, clearly disgusted with the cum drying between his fingers. Cas couldn’t keep the grin off his face as he held his own hand in the sameway. “There’s paper towels in the bathroom.”
Sam chose that exact moment to walk by. “Showing off your car?”
“That must be why you like Dr. Sexy so much.”
me!” Dean took a step closer and lowered his voice. “If you hadn’t fucked me this morning, I’d kick your ass right now.”
“Well, yeah. You know I love Claire.” Cas just continued to stare at him, so he pressed on. “That was one of the reasons I wanted to take your last name. That way, we can all be Novak’s. I wouldn’t have asked both of you to change your last names.”
Cas’s hand grasped his forearm the moment he stood to leave. “Dean, calm down.”
“—and of course, we’d like to make each party as comfortable as possible, so we have special rooms in our agency for meetings such as these. Mrs. Kline has given us several dates that she is willing to sit down with you, and working with her schedule is of the utmost importance, so it is important to choose a date that will work for her. I hope you can understand.”
He stood and followed Sam to the door to bid him goodnight. “Thank you for visiting.”
“It’s going well, I guess. The doc says I’ve been gaining the right amount of weight, and all of the ultrasounds and blood tests came back good. I don’t have a family history of many conditions, if that’s something you're worried about. Just high blood pressure. Oh, and my grandmother had breast cancer, but I guess a boy wouldn’t really need to worry much about that.”
Unlike what King Zachariah said, Winchester Capitol wasn’t rundown and teeming with filth. The people looked clean, well-fed, and their clothes were well taken care of. This was nothing like the shabby picture his father had painted. These were not people begging for scraps and starving to death under an unjust ruler, as King Zachariah often announced. This was just a normal city with houses and markets teeming with life. He could see children playing, running through the stalls and alleys without care. The people looked happy, and some even followed the carriage in an attempt to get a look inside. Balthazar smiled and waved, enjoying the attention as Castiel sank into the shadows, grateful that his dark wings didn’t invite scrutiny and helped him blend into the interior of the carriage.
He angled his chin towards Claire and cleared his throat.
“I think I might like Dean a little bit more than Gaston,” he admitted, loving the pink flush on Dean’s cheeks.
His soulmate had a gold Lincoln Continental that had been running a little rough for the past month.
He bypassed Anna’s room and made the short trek down the hallway to the bedroom his two sons shared. He was greeted with the sign of a bleary-eyed Michael staring at a sobbing Castiel.  He crouched at Castiel’s bedside, opening his arms and allowing Castiel to fall into them.
It started his second week on the job. He had just switched from taking care of the princesses of The Royal Hall to some of the rotating characters. Working with Maleficent, Peter Pan, Alice, and the other roaming characters was a breath of fresh air. Their outfits were easier to move in and that meant they were easier to get in and out of, a nice change from the stiff gowns he started with. He
“Where is Castiel?”
“Castiel.”
“What?”
Cas thrust harder, his hands tightening their hold on Dean’s hips and all but slamming him back down. He could feel his orgasm building, and with Dean cursing and moaning above him and his nails leaving raised tracks all over his chest, he wasn’t going to last much longer. He moved one of his hands to grasp Dean’s cock, jerking it roughly and throwing off the man’s rhythm. Dean looked pained, but he knew it was all pleasure, the same pleasure that was driving Cas. Using his wings, he forced himself to sit and wrapped his arms around Dean, holding his husband to his chest so he could thrust his cock as deep as possible. Dean’s cock rubbed wetly into Cas’s stomach, and it drove him to clutch Dean tighter, leaving no gap between their bodies and surrounding them with his wings.
Bal’s hands froze in their grooming. “You ass. There is absolutely nothing wrong with my hair.”
He sent a few texts to Cas throughout the day, called to wish him a happy anniversary, and told him ‘I love you’ about a million times, but it wasn’t the same. Maybe tonight they’d still be able to have some celebratory anniversary sex, but it wasn’t looking likely what with Cas’s inevitable stack of quizzes to grade. Oh well, they’d order some pizza, watch a movie, and then on
Dean smiled in triumph. Sam’s
He was a
He waved behind himself as he got up and started toward the kitchen. “It’ll be fine. Now, let's get this party started…”
“Did you say ‘your editor?’”
Cas paused to consider. California Adventure
He tuned out their sappy banter and focused on getting out of the park through the crowds of people. They walked quickly, worried that they’d miss their reservation if they didn’t pick up their pace. They pulled out their employee IDs and got into California Adventure no problem and made it to Lamplight Lounge in record time, practically running across the bridge before stopping in front of the restaurant to catch their breath.
He was staring at Cas, green eyes wide with surprise. “No one’s ever said that before. Thanks for the feedback. I wish my editor was as honest as you.”
“Get a TA to teach for you.”
It amused Cas at first. It just figured that they would hire a real-life Gaston to play the role. He had seen Dean's work and he was
With his knees tucked by Cas’s side, he rose slowly. Cas grabbed Dean's hips as he came to the top of his cock until only the head caught at his rim, then slowly lowered himself down, his thighs flexing from the effort. “Oh, god. That’s— Cas!"
attempt to stand, he would collapse to the floor in a boneless heap. Instead, he watched Dean move to the washstand and pour clean water into the basin. The sight of him running a linen cloth around his neck and down over his pebbled pink nipples sent a rush of blood straight to his dick. With barely a thought for the poor servant who was in charge of righting their room, he took the corner of the sheet and wiped his chest clean. That out of the way, he spread his legs and cupped himself, his other hand leaving a trail of fire over his nipples as he tweaked and pulled.
long. but he.. needs to hold back. for now, at least.
“i-i’m— fuck, ‘m close,” dean manages to choke out. he can’t
behind her, panting, with a furious glint in his eyes. he’s still got the lamia by the head, by her hair, and it’s not anywhere close to dead— a snapped neck just slowed it down a little, made it a little weaker. it’s reaching up at cas, grabbing at his wrist, and… if cas can feel it, he isn’t reacting at all, he has his angry gaze fixed on dean, looking him up and down. he’s making sure he isn’t wounded.
,” the hunter huffs, lines creasing his forehead in concentration. his thighs are burning, but he needs to feel more, needs it faster and harder and messier.
“i’m going outside.” he leaves his empty glass on the bar, makes a b-line for the front door. there’s people, so many voices, and for a moment he’s reminded of angel radio. he thinks back to the times when the voices became too much, back to when he stole that angel’s grace and was completely overwhelmed by all the talking. he’d become obscenely human—
a few moments pass, and dean feels dizzy, like he’s just woken up from a sleepless night. he fucking
cas stirs, face burrowing deep into the pillow as he tries to open his eyes, tries to fight the sunlight. god, it’s so fucking bright out, and it .
in them, in pretty glass bowls.
“leave them on,” dean croaks, voice already a mess. cas complies, giving dean a chaste kiss before tearing the condom packet open and rolling it on. the lube bottle flips open with a ‘pop’ and dean closes his eyes with a content sigh. cas pauses.
“where we’re supposed to be.”
you.”
, he--
dean doesn’t really know why, but he pauses and looks back down at cas as the movie plays.
, but it’s nicer than the peeling paint walls and hard as brick mattresses they usually get. the beds are squishy, but not too much so, and dean heaves a sigh already missing his own memory foam mattress at the bunker. the counters aren’t layered in stains, and this motel has a genuine, functional fucking kitchen. it’s not huge, but it’s functional, and that’s more than enough for dean. they have smaller fridges, but there are these little fucking
— he melts, looks at him with wide, almost teary eyes.
the lamia turns, sees dean, and—
“he looks like a fuckin’ bean pole,” dean whispers and cas steps on his foot. they’re too busy squabbling that they don’t even realize sam’s watching them, eyebrows high as they settle down in their seats.
say something. anything, dumbass.
when they pull away, dean’s eyelids are drooping, and he looks like he’s passed out, is just waking up.
him, brows furrowed as he studies something on his screen. he looks worried when he does that. dean fucking hates it, hates how personally invested sam gets in every single one of their cases. he understands, people’s lives are at stake, but— when it puts sammy in danger, part of him would prioritize sam.
.” dean pushes himself up a bit, arms shaking slightly. dean positions himself over cas’s cock, and he thinks he’s gonna drool, can feel himself losing his grip on what he’s doing. once he’s lined up, he spares a glance at cas and,
he should open the door, let sam in and hear about the case but— what if sam’s weird about it? about the fact that cas stayed the night. and there’s only one bed in the motel room. and cas is…
is handling humanity the second time around. he had lost his grace in a fight with some of naomi’s soldiers—apparently, they still had
though dean would never admit it, but he falls asleep much easier when someone else is there, and he’s taken a liking to falling asleep while a movie’s playing on his computer. it’s not the same as company, but… it always helps, at least a little. it gets the job done. he opens his laptop, sets it on the bed and climbs under the covers, shoots cas an awkward grin, trying his best to seem normal. casual.
cas pulls him forward, kisses dean soft and nice.
of a lot like their friend— their
sam left a sandwich for him, but he had forgotten about it by the time it had gone cold, and cas was still asleep on him, he— he couldn’t bear to wake him.
they get back to the motel in a couple minutes, and dean doesn’t move for a second, turns to say something bitchy to cas, something about him being an angry drunk. he opens his mouth to speak, but cas is already out of the car, closing the door. dean’s.. a little worried. cas had a tendency to be sullen, to be quiet in times of stress, but it’s never…
cas follows dean out into the parking lot, shuts the motel door behind them with a dejected little grunt.
for putting cas through that.
dean’s trying to work his hips down onto cas’s hand, squirming and bucking and making little noises. he’s so desperate that cas almost laughs, has to bite back his smile.
he shakes his head, pulls off his shirt and tries to think of other things, tries to calm himself down.
she literally wants to eat him, wants to drain his body of any and all blood, and—he’s realizing how fucking stupid he’s being, he’s literally pinning a monster to his car this surely can’t end well. dean doesn’t want to be here in front of her and
for me.”
to, knows they don't have enough time for that. “my ass hurts.” dean pouts, hugging closer to cas. he chuckles, shakes his head.
you, need—” he’s grown desperate, yanking at the dress shirt so hard that one of the buttons pops, and he thinks he might fucking cry, it’s so much, so good.
the voices from inside the bar grow loud and for a second he’s back in heaven, back to being an angel and hearing prayers and feeling nothing.
, chest heaving with every inhale. he’s pushing on dean’s shoulders with one forearm, a little too high to be his chest, but there’s a subtle pressure on dean’s throat that makes his stomach flip and curl.
fucking boring. he’s been messing with one of the loose threads on the comforter for the past 20 minutes, has been zoning out for a little less than that, and… at first, when he laid back, he was looking at the textured ceiling, trying to see if he could make nay designs out of the bumpy things, but— that got pretty boring, pretty quick.
, that night was just—
he says it too loud, but sam’s still walking, and his legs are much longer than theirs. they’re a little bit
apart, and cas’s breathing is loud,
he’s never been properly, human drunk before, and… this has to be part of it, right?
“dean.”
cas is just staring down at dean, watching him suck at his fingers, and with every swipe of dean’s long tongue, cas’s breath seems to catch in his throat. dean isn’t the only one enjoying this, and it’s so,
when the door finally opens, it’s..
castiel doesn’t know what he’s meant to say, just shoots sam a sorry look, tries to ignore the confusing, human emotions gripping him by the throat.
“here she is,” dean smiles proudly, and
“god,
they stay there for a few minutes, catching their breath. a beat, then—
he remembers how fast he moved, how he almost tripped up the stairs on the way to help him.
“i—dean’s—i think the, the lamia is
“i’m not sure dean, but i think if sam wanted to tell us something he would.”
“you asked for it. dude.”
sam’s phone vibrates, and the table practically leaps, all three of them jumping a bit at the noise.
“yeah, yeah,” dean cuts cas off with a kiss, “gimme y’r worst.”
they don’t end up finding the monster. they don’t even get
to it. dean looks down at the pavement, away from where sam was handling the charred corpse.
he tells sam the name of the bar, and then the call’s over, and it’s silent again. so fucking quiet. he can still hear the people inside, but out here…. it’s empty.
, not this close to the bar, this close to baby.
he can’t stay standing for much longer, he realizes. his legs hurt and his lower back aches like a
. all cas wants to do is help. he’s just trying his best, right? goddamn it. dean can’t even begin to imagine what the guy is going through, having to adjust to being human only to feel emotions more,
cas was
, oh god.
“of course, dean.” dean doesn’t say anything back, just smiles.
“hello, dean.” cas’s voice is
, almost laughs. figures.
le—et me
and then it hits him.
. dean winchester, one of the strongest, scariest hunters in the country, is begging for castiel, former angel of the lord. and he sounds
cas’s lips are on his neck, sucking, licking, tracing every crevice. dean shivers as cas trails his hands along dean’s chest, keeping him upright against the wall.
, into
there’s this ringing, and it won’t stop.
fuck.
, actually— but he just… there were too many things, too many sensations. he feels like fucking
(See the end of the chapter for
cas during the fight, but… he remembered what happened after.
“maybe it’s a
that night cas dreams of green and tan skin, of freckles and scars that look like constellations.
“i…” dean takes a shaky step forward, drops his old clothes on the floor beside the bed. “you… don’t— don’t apologize, cas. i shouldn’t have…. snapped on you like that, i’m.. i’m sorry. i’m just.. tired, and i’m irritable, and--” dean sits down on the bed, his shoulder knocking against castiel’s. “you… you need to stop apologizing for things that aren't your fault, cas.”
“this.... this is okay right?” dean mumbles into cas’s chest. cas felt a twinge of emotion in his core. he had always thought about this, had dreamed about this and still hadn’t processed that dean was here with him. in his arms. it never occurred to him that this could be weird, he had imagined it so much that it always just seemed so
“That’s pretty close.”
“It’s a reflex.”
“Ok, please step over here, then.” He turned away from his smirking coworker and gestured to the other counter.
“Dean, be reasonable. It’s just a little pee, no big—”
“Just wow. That was almost painful to watch.”
“He smiles at everyone.”
He pulled her into a hug. “Sorry, Claire Bear, maybe next year.”
“I just don’t understand why they’re having him stay at the hospital. He broke his leg! I mean, I’ve never flown, but I’m pretty sure they’d let him on a plane...”
He lingered, wanting nothing more than to join Cas and play robot invaders with the kids. Dean must have hesitated just a minute too long because Cas cleared his throat and addressed him again. “Want to join us?”
While he was a little uncomfortable with the attention he was drawing, he recognized it could be worse. He tucked his wings into his back, aware that he was taking up twice as much space as everyone else, and approached the stall, his curiosity winning out over his apprehension of the crowd. After sidestepping a few villagers, he was at his husband's side, and Dean immediately laced their fingers together before introducing him to the woman. She gushed about what a handsome pair they made and immediately started pushing jars of colorful jams into his arms. He took them, a little shocked at the kind gesture, and before he could even think of trying to pay her, she shooed them away.
“Well, fuck.”
Dean blushed, embarrassed at getting caught. “Courtship, huh? We’re already married.”
it was that the bond spanned over any distance. He hated hearing about how romantic it was to have sightings, how your heart craved your soulmate
He threw the front over his shoulder in an attempt to keep cool during the part that followed. Balthazar, joining him again with his box of newly untangled silk ribbons, got comfortable behind him. It had been years since his wings had received more than a cursory grooming, just his own fingers running through the tangles, and if there was a particularly dry patch, a bit of oil. Not surprisingly, Balthazar didn't keep his opinion on the state of his wings to himself as he began stimulating Castiel’s oil gland and gliding his slick fingers through the dark feathers.
He supposed there might be a good reason they hadn’t found each other yet, and that was because Dean rarely left the damn house either. Needing to be in bed by nine or ten really put a damper on his social life, and more often than not, you could find him on his couch, watching tv and winding down. Obviously, they were made for each other. Tipping his IPA to his lips, he drank to that thought.
This time was different, though.
“Well, I’ll tell you as many times as you want.”
“Surely they won't. They are expecting us, after all.”
“I see your time in the military has undone every lesson on etiquette you’ve had. When you marry your
“He was stuck in traffic this morning. Seemed too bad to be construction, so I think it was an accident. Nothing was happening until some asshole decided to drive past on the shoulder, and since it was a dick move, my soulmate memorized the license plate so he could call the non-emergency line and report the driver.”
Finally, an old golden Continental flew past him with a dark-haired man in the driver’s seat. Without a moment’s hesitation, he gunned it, using the shoulder to build up enough speed to merge as quickly as he could. By the time he pulled in front of a little old lady in a Toyota, he was four cars behind the man and gaining. He knew he was driving like an absolute madman, but his soulmate was less than three cars in front of him and he wasn’t about to let him go.
Fuck, he could kiss the man. Maybe when he didn’t feel like he was dying, he could get his number.
got old. Sometimes, he would let Dean drag him into bed and make him a lot less early than he usually was. Other times, Cas hurried out the door despite Dean’s shameless begging, and he touched himself to the thought of Cas watching him impassively from behind his podium while Dean begged for a passing grade.
“Shut up!” He hissed, craning his neck to watch Castiel disappear into his tower. “I’m already having a shit morning, so don’t ruin this for me! Castiel, was it? Fuck, he looks good in those shorts.”
Kelly looked exhausted but pleased as they entered, and immediately gestured to the baby in the bassinet. “Ta-da!”
“I used to train with the soldiers when I was younger. Picked up so many swear words my mom nearly had a heart attack.” He laughed at the memory. “My dad brought in a private trainer after that, but the damage was already done.”
Samuel blushed, realizing he had done nothing but stare. “I’m trying not to be rude… But you don’t really look like an angel. Well, you have wings, obviously, but…”
They drove down to the nearest ice cream shop and both got chocolate-dipped waffle cones filled with two scoops of ice cream. Bright blue cotton candy with sprinkles for her, and cookie dough for him. As they made their way home with ice cream dripped on his shirt and Claire’s lips stained blue, he couldn’t stop smiling and feeling like maybe he
“Very.”
Dean led him to nearly every stall, introducing Cas as his husband, and people fell over themselves to offer him their wares despite his polite refusal. He walked away with pieces of silk, food, a new ring, and a dagger, all of which the villagers refused to accept his money for while Dean just laughed at him and his discomfort.
complete stop. Traffic was worse than he’d ever seen it before, and he had to assume there was an accident. A bad one, it seemed, since the three-lane highway was completely jammed.
He wracked his brain, trying to remember what they had done. “The camping trip we took with Claire? Yeah, definitely better than that one.”
Cas chuckled lightly, wholeheartedly agreeing with her comment about him being a little thick. Would it really be so bad to have a date with Dean? His immediate thought was
Dean remembered the conversation that started it all, and how excited Cas had been.
He smiled widely and knelt next to Claire. “Do you mind if I take a picture of him to show everyone?”
“God above, this is a mess. I don’t know how they expect me to work miracles.”
“Oh. Are you an academic?”
She glanced at her paper, eyes scanning the words. “Do you have a large family?”
Dean smiled widely and turned to Charlie’s station where she was fighting with Dean’s wig, forcing wisps of black hair back into place. “Awesome. I’m going to…”
Like Castiel, the prince had discarded his robe, revealing a well-fitting hunter green suit underneath. He was trim underneath his clothing, with well-muscled arms and wide shoulders. He seemed just as nervous as Castiel, and that, oddly enough, calmed him a bit. “Forgive me, Prince Dean. I find myself needing a moment to process.”
The teasing tone never wavered, and Castiel was beginning to suspect the man was actually flirting with him, not out of niceness or duty to customer service, but because he genuinely liked Cas—or perhaps he just liked teasing him. It had taken him a long time to come to that conclusion. Castiel was never one to assume employees were flirting with him, no matter how many times they smiled or said a kind word. It was their
“I’ll try my hardest. I promise.”
Cas smiled at the image. “That doesn’t sound like a passing thought, Dean. This sounds like something you really want.”
That leads Balthazar to laugh. “Trust me, love. You get hit on all the time. I think they like the scowl.”
He never expected Dean to be so casual, so open and irreverent. It reminded him of the way human men interacted with him in the military, all informal speech and comradery. It did more to calm his beating heart than any breathing exercise could. Perhaps he
Dean smiled out the window the entire way home. When they finally got to Sam’s apartment, he rushed ahead to fill the bath, and Dean wobbled behind, texting Cas the entire way.
“But I heard—”
“To a human?”
very welcoming.”
Dean must not have considered that even being an option because he stumbled over his feet. “What do you mean?”
They sat on the benches in the halls, waiting patiently for Kelly to be ready to see them. He had a moment of anxiety where he thought that Kelly might change her mind. That she would take one look at the baby and decide to keep him. He squashed the thought. Kelly had told them of her circumstances. Her staunchly religious parents, her absent boyfriend, and the life she would live if she kept the child. He trusted her to go through with it just as she trusted them to give the baby a good life.
He couldn’t understand his father’s hate for them. Every single man and woman he met had treated him with nothing but respect, offering him sustenance and shelter, and making him feel more at home with them than he ever did at home.
He smoothed a hand over Dean’s hair and down his cheek, cupping his chin to turn Dean’s gaze to meet his. “Yes, it was a mistake, but you learned from it and both of you were able to have a lot of fun.”
To his garrison, he wasn’t fifth in line for the throne, he was their commander. He broke bread with them, mourned with them, and celebrated their victories. He wasn’t a prince, he was a fair and just leader, his strong moral compass driving him to do what others couldn’t.
“See Ellen over there?” He gestured to a woman looking around an herb stall. “She runs the tavern. Best meat pies you’ll ever have, and she doesn’t take anyone's shit.” He looked around some more until he found a thin man with a strange haircut. “That’s Ash, he works as a scribe.” He moved on to more and more people. A tall, gaunt man with dark hair who was their town doctor. Pamela, who ran the apothecary, the man who made candles, the cobbler, and the milliner. Dean knew the name of farmers, shopkeepers, cooks, and nearly all of the children they came across as they continued through the town. It was shocking that the Crown Prince was so connected to his people, but for Dean, it made sense.
That boosted his confidence enough to make him a little reckless. “You’re my husband. You are allowed to touch my wings. In time, I’ll teach you to groom them if you wish. It’s an integral part of courtship for angels.”
“No, sweetie.” Dean picked her up and sat her on the couch. “Remember when we went to the courthouse and talked to the judge last month? We had to sign some paperwork and then you became my daughter, remember?”
“He’s not going to kill someone. Don’t you think I would have called them first if I thought he was a killer?”
She shook her head. “He’s not flirting with me, Cas. The idiot is just getting into character. He heard Christian Bale was a method actor and he’s been insufferable ever since.”
“I’ll plan the shit out of it, babe.”
“They
“None of what I read was rough.”
to be dreaming. He opened his mouth to make a comment that would surely get him kicked out of the room, but Commander Naomi wasn’t done. “When he was called to this godforsaken palace, I assumed he’d be back within the week. When is he coming back? And so help me God, if your answer isn’t
As soon as they pulled into the garage, Cas was unclipping the seat. “Can you get a bottle going?”
“So they can fall in love, shh,” Cas answered, not taking his eyes off the tv.
“You know what I used to do with my dad when we finished working on Baby?”
“That's fucking awesome." Dean began to card his fingers through Cas's hair. "Don’t go falling asleep on me. It’s only three o’clock. We have a lot to do today.”
Cas allowed himself to be dragged through the crowd, bumping into several people and hitting them with his wings until they were at the outskirts of the great hall and able to move more freely. He followed Dean silently, trusting him to get them to a bedroom in the quickest way possible.
Claire broke up with Chris three days later. Apparently, she saw him eat a booger, and that was just too much for her. Dean nodded at her explanation and was happy that she had
For the first time in his life, Dean spent his sighting wishing it was over. The last thing he wanted was to miss the car driving by because he was too busy watching it happen through his soulmate’s eyes. He could feel it drawing to a close just as the Target sign whizzed past him. Suddenly Dean was back in the Impala, staring at his steering wheel.
“There’s no man,” he grumbled, taking a sip of coffee. God, it was good. He couldn’t believe he stayed away for so long.
On the last day of his vacation before he had to go on his secret apartment hunt, Sammy shook his shoulder at 6:30 in the morning, already in his board shorts with a stuffed tote bag thrown over his shoulder. Dean sat up from the couch and put up his usual protest at being woken for all of thirty seconds before Sam placed a steaming mug of coffee on the table in front of him and looked at him expectantly. “I’ll go without you if you want to watch Netflix all morning.”
“Somehow, I don’t think that one is yours either.”
Cas got up and straightened his stack of papers before walking around the desk, leaning his hip against the dark wood. Dean knew he was fit and lightly muscled beneath his clothes, but seeing his biceps flexing as he crossed his arms, and the way his wide shoulders seemed to expand as he took a deep breath was something else. “Listen, Mr. Winchester… I don’t know what you expect me to do for you. Your best option is taking the D and then trying again next semester.”
Castiel snorted. “Please don’t, because then I’ll have to jump in and save you. We both know you can’t throw a punch.”
“But I just got a job in San Jose, and I’m going to start next month. I’m actually beginning the apartment hunt tomorrow.”
Dean rolled into Cas so they were chest to chest. “Give me fifteen minutes and I can make that happen.”
Dean bit his lip and looked away. “Two or three.”
“Don’t get any oil in your wings, or we’ll have to bathe you again.”
They took the time to lay out their towels and lather on sunscreen before Dean sat to relax. Sam grabbed his fins and his board before turning to Dean.
Dean nodded. “Just Jess, Emma, and Alice. We want to send it to mom and Cas’s parents. Don’t post it anywhere, though.”
In the end, though, Cas had said the magic word.
“That must be nice.” He shifted his wings and watched as Sam's eyes followed them. Castiel was tempted to tuck them into his back, but he forced himself to relax instead.
He was nervous, Cas realized. The great Dean Winchester, resident Gaston and Class A flirt, was
“So am I.”
Dean chuckled. “What? Are you telling me that a pie wouldn’t want to eat itself? Pie is delicious.”
Cas bypassed her and grabbed a bun from the stack. Slapping a cheese covered patty onto the bread, he plated it and held it out for her. “This is what we’re having for dinner, Claire bear. Thank Daddy Dee, won't you?”
Castiel bowed again and retreated from the throne room, a scowl on his face as he stalked through the winding halls to his room. He never thought his father would sink low enough to allow a human into their family tree, but it made sense. With his looks, it would be nearly impossible to find another angel willing to marry him. After a decade in the military, he completely forgot the reality of living at the palace, where one only had their looks and family name to recommend them to his peers. The military always prized his skill and brawn, not caring one bit that he didn’t look like a typical angel.
“Your cursing doesn’t bother me. It actually put me at ease when we first met.”
Their arms crossed in the middle, elbows bumping as they stroked and squeezed, desperately trying to get the other off before they finished themselves. Judging by the expression on Dean’s face, the man was getting close and it couldn’t have come at a better time because Cas’s own orgasm was spiraling closer to the surface. Dean must have come to the same conclusion, because he doubled his effort and squeezed tighter, stroked quicker. Cas reciprocated, desperately trying to hold off his orgasm as long as possible, but with Dean working his cock over so expertly, he knew he didn’t stand a chance.
He laughed aloud at that. “No, it isn’t.”
Dean frowned at him, confused. That didn’t even remotely answer his question. What did he—
Dean tossed it in a high arch, landing it perfectly in the pile of wrapped presents. “Swish!”
Dean was back to his own body, and already his heart was racing. He whirled around in his seat, looking at the oncoming cars. If his soulmate just passed the smudge, that meant he had a little less than a minute before his car would pass the Target sign. Dean threw his car in drive and craned his neck to watch the cars driving past him.
“You are
“Venom?” he shrieked, voice higher than he intended. As if in reaction to Dean’s panic, the pain got impossibly worse. “Did you just say ‘
Cas sighed, steepling his fingers and readying himself to deliver the news. “Even if you get an A on the final, you won’t be passing my class. If you had come to me at the beginning of the semester, after your first F, I might have been able to help. Now, it’s simply too late.”
be lying.”
Cas put it down and crossed his arms. “When you said you’d do it, I thought you’d at least try to do a nice job.”
Dean gave Cas’s stubbled cheek a light kiss. “Fine, we’ll watch A Christmas Carol, but it’s gotta be the old one.”
The solution, when it finally came to him, was simple. Pulling out of the drive and turning towards work, he gave his friend a call, launching immediately into his question before Balthazar could even say hello. “I’m going to Starbucks before work, would you like anything?”
Dean's eyes zeroed in on the streaks of gray that had started appearing at his temple earlier in the year. He knew Cas was a little self-conscious about them, but Dean found them incredibly sexy. “I don’t know about that. I like them.”
He turned away from Cas to face his coworker, taking the sunshine of his smile with him. “Charlie, can you help with the line? I have my break in a minute.”
“I’m going to go inside and sit with Gilda. Can you wait for him and drop a few hints that this
That perked him the hell up. “I thought we could only fish off the piers.”
Dean had never moved so fast at 6:30 in the morning. They were at the beach by 7 am, beating the heat and most of the crowd. It was a secluded cove, only accessible through a narrow set of stairs and barely large enough for one lifeguard tower, already occupied by a dark-haired man in the signature red shorts. He was too far away for Dean to get a good look at him, which was a damn shame. He’d have to head that way a little later, hopefully before the shift change. What could he say? Red trunks and tan skin did it for him.
“Well, I’ll talk to her teacher and make sure she’s paying attention out there. I won’t have that boy trying to kiss her on the playground or something. And why are the first graders even playing with the second graders?”
A hot lifeguard, it seemed, was the best painkiller.
“I have a boyfriend!”
“She was pretty cute. It’s important that the baby has a sibling, you know? I’m an only child and I was pretty lonely. My parents—” she cut herself off. “Anyways, I was really close to my uncle and you two reminded me of him and his partner.”
“You’re telling me. I half expected you to put those wings to use and fly the fuck out of there.”
“Maybe he doesn’t want to receive medals and recognition. Maybe he sees it as his duty.”
“That makes sense, then. When Dean found out about the arrangement last month, he tried to look in the records hall, but no one could find anything about you other than a birth announcement.”
“I thought you couldn’t find him, though! No one could!”
“Fucking angels, man. Insatiable,” Dean groaned, rubbing his fingers through his tousled hair, dampening the tips into spikes. He glanced down at his still soft cock with an expression of betrayal. “Come on, man. Throw me a bone.”
“Hm, sounds serious. Should we have Claire keep minutes?”
He slumped into the couch and closed his eyes, willing his heart to calm. No matter how often he told himself that it didn’t matter if Cas didn’t want to adopt a child, just the slightest hint of rejection caused him to freak out. Hell, it wasn’t even a hint of rejection… all Cas had to do was question him and he fell apart. “Yeah, sorry.”
Dean, to Castiel’s surprise, seemed to notice the change in attitude immediately. His flirting calmed and the blushes he used to be able to pull out of Cas were now coming from
“Dean…” Cas muttered after he was still for just a second too long.
Balthazar's eyes widened. This was
“You’re already an amazing dad, and she clearly saw it.”
She seemed startled by the attention. She glanced between them, equal parts exhausted and confused. “You want me to name him?”
the easiest. Still, he squared his shoulders and looked into Cas’s blue eyes. “I want to adopt Claire.”
known that Princess Daphne had asked for his hand. Thank God she never figured out who he was. “Really?”
“No. I wasn’t kidding when I said it wasn’t a good idea to ask out anyone working in customer service, and I meant it. I think you should encourage that man to do it himself. And for the love of God, get his real name somehow.”
“Doubtful.”
Looking at the wrapped presents placed carefully under the tree and the only slightly smaller pile of presents that still needed to be taken care of, Dean could admit they might have gone a little too far this year. It wasn't like the kids didn't deserve it, though. They had been angels all year and Dean couldn’t bring himself to regret buying so many gifts. What he did regret, was deciding to wrap them all on Christmas eve.
I can do to pass.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “I know. Still, you must have met a lot of angels.”
Gilda shuffled from foot to foot. “I have to grab our table. Be nice, Charlie.”
She smiled at them, unaware of their racing thoughts and just happy to be able to share something with her dads. “We held hands at recess today and he pushed me on the swing even though I can do it alone.”
sent to the Kingdom of Winchester. This was too good to be true. Balthazar
After a continental breakfast that consisted of watery oatmeal and dry muffins, Dean was on the road. It was hard to know how far north he should drive before he jumped on the highway, but he eventually settled on fifteen miles to account for the time his soulmate had been stuck in traffic. He was bound to recognize
His heart sped up in his chest at the commanding tone in the man’s voice and the stubborn set to his shoulders. He was dead serious, Castiel realized. The beautiful man in front of him finally wanted to reveal his name, and Cas was almost too nervous to look. Despite his mental waffling, his eye slowly drifted down, past his cupid’s bow lips and stubbled chin, past the broad shoulders, and finally, to the tag clipped to the green apron.
Mary Winchester’s pregnancy had been an easy one. Unlike some of the other women she knew, Mary experienced no morning sickness, her feet didn’t swell, her skin didn’t break out, and luckiest of all, none of her hair fell out. There was bad heartburn to deal with, but if that was the worst she had to contend with, she wasn’t going to complain. Heartburn just meant her baby boy would have a full head of hair if the books were anything to go by.
He was feeling a little light headed, and it wasn’t because of the pain anymore. How anyone could handle being the sole recipient of Castiel’s attention, Dean had no clue. “It’s a lot better, man. Thank you.”
Maddingly, Cas continued to smile. “Yes, she will.”
That night Jack woke them up four times, wailing at the top of his lungs for food and comfort. They were both tired and irritable in the morning, but one look at Jack’s face melted it all away.
He smiled and continued the slow, lazy strokes. Cas would wait, would
“That’s very sweet of you, but we don’t know how long it’s going to take. We could hear from someone tomorrow, or it could take a few months. A mommy has to choose us.”
“He must have been flirting pretty hard if it got through your thick skull. Wow. You
Charlie finished her tasks first, practically skipping over to his station and helping him zip the appropriate items into each character's garment bag for the laundry crew. “Dean said you’re getting dinner with us. He finally wear you down?”
twenty minutes, I can do whatever I want with them.” And to prove his point, he sucked Cas back down and went right back to stroking his own dick, moaning around his mouthful and sending vibrations down Cas’s shaft.
Dean sucked in a surprised breath and turned to him with a glare. “Hey! I could totally kick your ass.”
Dean wasn’t going to ask, but it was nice to know. “Cool.”
Walking outside the palace with only six men to guard them was the strangest thing he’d experienced yet. The last time he was forced away from the battlefield to attend a brothers wedding, he wasn’t allowed to leave the palace at all, let alone with so few guards. Even traveling by carriage in the capital required a dozen mounted guards surrounding him at all times. But here he was, getting introduced to their handful of guards by name.
Dean mouthed the word in confusion, glancing at the young woman who was watching them with a smile. “Anyway, I met him and Claire when he was doing an event. We talked a bit, and then I came back the next day to ask him out. We’ve been together since.”
Dean pouted and snatched it back up. “I did try.”
If Balthazar was with him, he would point out that it was just like Castiel to make an idiot of himself in front of one of the most attractive people he’s seen in a long time. The barista was so out of his league it was laughable. He considered never going back and saving himself the embarrassment of showing his face again, but he almost laughed at the thought. Of
They went through teething, potty training, scrapes, and bruises. He watched her demolish developmental milestones, and saw her develop a personality before his very eyes. He was happy with his lot in life, content with where he had landed, and then… he met Dean.
To Dean, Cas was the sexiest man alive. His piercing blue eyes, his plush lips, and his sultry gaze all added up to an absolute knockout of a man, and that wasn’t even including his body. Dean’s own figure was getting, admittedly, a little soft. His pudge was becoming a bit more pronounced, and sometimes he could feel his thighs jiggle as he walked. Cas, on the other hand, was a fucking machine. His stomach was flat, his arms were defined, and his thighs were thick and muscular from his almost-daily bike commute to work.
“Right… You look cozy for someone who’s trying to turn off the computer I was still using.”
The song drew to a close, and another started. With more couples now on the dance floor, they had to press even closer. “I led two garrisons, and as a commander, sat in on council meetings with your generals. I helped strategize and manage the troops, delegating where they went and when, coordinated supply caravans, and interrogations.”
His touch on Cas’s thigh turned into a hard grip around the thick muscle and he could feel Cas flex underneath his palm. “Please, Professor. I—”
time Cas had shattered Dean’s crystal decanter of whisky. Now, his wings could flap and flare as much as they wanted, and Dean loved to watch the normally controlled angel absolutely lose it.
Prince Dean had grown into a handsome man. The lips that reminded him so much of an angel’s had remained unchanged, but nearly everything else was different. His jaw was stronger, his cheekbones sharper, his hair shorter. His boyish beauty was gone and a man was in his place, one so out of his league that it was laughable.
responsible for getting the character actors and actresses into their costumes and if he was very lucky, he was able to make small repairs on the costumes themselves. He got dressed in tan khakis and a light blue button-down every morning before reporting for a full day of helping some of the kindest people he’s ever met into elaborate costumes. Cas loved getting his hands on the clothes and was constantly surprised by the quality and fit. He helped Mickey get into his giant gloves and helped ensure Daisy could see out of her mask, made sure every prince and princess was ready for their shows, and did it all working beside Charlie as she secured wigs and touched up makeup.
“No, it isn’t. Your favorite part is the bullshit ‘Oh, we can't be together because you’re a prince, and I’m just a lowly kindergarten teacher’ part. And then they split up and have a dramatic reunion.”
Time flew too quickly, and before he knew it, he was climbing into the royal carriage and watching his home disappear on the horizon. As the carriage made its way down the cobbled streets that connected their kingdoms, Castiel sat in silence, focusing on the sound of their carriage and the ones following, barely even hearing Balthazar’s tirade.
“Just a small plastic bag we can fill with warm water for your car ride home.”
He glanced up at the mention of his name and smiled at them. “Kiss!”
There has to be something. There’s always something.
“Have you changed your mind? Do you not want to pass my class after all?”
He nodded, glancing between Charlie’s glaring face and the barista’s light blush. “Right. Well, I suppose me being here is out of the ordinary.”
want free coffee?”
“Hey, man.” The man answered back, his friendly smile sliding into a soft smirk. “How ya doing?”
“And you don’t want me to see it?”
Sam glanced between the two and gave Dean a
“Flirting is one thing, love. Asking out is another thing altogether. I’ve never once asked any of them on a date.”
He let out a deep sigh. “Yes.”
Dean did as Cas asked, angling the back side—that was even worse than the front—away from his husband. “You said I couldn’t wrap the round one, and I did! It's wrapped!”
“Can I hold him?”
He sniffled into his father’s shoulder. “I had a nightmare.”
“Acid.”
He never expected to see the man again, but the next day he showed up at the same time, notebook and flash drive in hand, and got busy typing away on their computers. When the man finally left a few hours later, Cas rushed to the computer. This time, he had closed the browser, but that didn’t deter Castiel at all. A few clicks were all it took to pull up his recently closed tabs.
Dean rolled to the side and grabbed a small silver jar off of his side table, and there was no mistaking what it contained. “You sure?”
“Pee!” Sam shouted. “I have to pee on it, right?”
He rolled his eyes. “I doubt ‘
“This scene?” he pointed to the paragraph where Adam had accepted David’s apology.
“I think you’re giving her too much credit. This is just something kids do. I’m pretty sure I had a little wedding with mine. It doesn’t mean anything.”
Dean quickly found out Interstate 55 was one hundred and ninety-four miles. Sixty-six of which ran through Illinois. As he sat in his hotel room in Chenoa, he made his plan of attack. The accident had been on the southbound side of the freeway, so he knew that his soulmate was heading
He frowned to himself, taking a moment to guess why the hell Cas wouldn’t have called him as soon as he checked his messages—which Dean knew for a fact he always did after classes. The answer his mind eventually came up with didn’t sit well with him. If Cas hadn’t called him to share the good news himself, and Dean had known Cas long enough to make an educated guess, then that only meant one thing… Cas was panicking.
The shy smile that graced Cas’s features was one Dean wanted to see every day. “I’d like to hug you if that’s alright.”
They watched her sink into the bed and close her eyes. At the first sight of tears, Cas went over to give her another hug. She accepted it gratefully. “Thank you.”
“Well, we’ll never know, will we?” Dean offered him a charming smile, “Unless
“You’re a fucking smokeshow.”
Vision’s of Balthazar embarrassing him flooded his head. He turned the full force of his glare onto his friend. “No.”
Cas wished he lived further away, because his house was only a five minute drive from the library and that only gave him a few more minutes with Dean before they arrived. Dean must have realized that too, because after a few moments of silence he cleared his throat awkwardly. “Why don’t you give me your phone number and I can text you tonight. You know, so we can figure things out.”
Claire shrieked in anticipation. “No tickles!”
“I’m sweating in my button-down.” Cas gasped, trying to catch his breath.
“Come on, Cas. You dress her up like a little lady and take her to reenacting events. How many other kids get that kind of experience?”
The barista squinted at him for a moment before scribbling down a few letters. Through the plastic, he could see the letters CAS. “Alright, that’ll be $4.15”
“How do I know you’re telling the truth?”
“No, thank you.”
Dean’s smile disappeared and was replaced with a blush. “Nevermind. Let's go.”
“I don’t know… the really old one.”
“Then do something about it before the poor boy thinks you’re not interested.”
“We don’t know that. He could be biding his time.”
Dean held back his sigh of relief. He’d been trying to give Cas time, to let him get his feet under him before he brought up the possibility of Cas getting back on the field. That was part of the reason Dean wanted to give him a tour of the training grounds in the first place, to test the waters. It couldn’t be full-time, since he had new responsibilities now, but he had seen the look on Cas’s face when he looked around the training grounds. He missed it, and Dean knew Cas wasn’t going to say anything.
“Yes.”
To his knowledge, his father was under the impression that Castiel was returning with him, broken and ashamed. It probably wasn’t even a thought in his large head that Prince Dean went through with the marriage, let alone be so excited about it that they’ve been sequestered in his room, fucking like rabbits for days. Balthazar would have stayed longer in the Kingdom of Winchester, if not for the noise of their lovemaking echoing throughout the entire left wing.
“I guess I really did save you, didn’t I?”
Dean’s heart ached for the girl who didn’t have the support she deserved. “Yeah, my dad passed away, but our parents are both very supportive of us.”
Cas worked slowly, gently bringing a slick finger to his entrance and rubbing it in circles, working the muscle as Dean clenched at the sensation. He arched his back, pressing his chest and stomach into the desktop, hoping to entice Cas into moving on, but Cas continued his maddeningly slow pace. Circling and pressing just hard enough for his hole to give just a little, before pulling back and circling some more. His breath was coming fast with anticipation, and his whine of frustration was enough for Cas to stop all movement.
“Besides, I’ve met your family. Trust me, you’re ten times better than all your brothers combined, and I’m really glad it was you.”
Judging on the early morning light mirrored in his sightings, his soulmate was in the same time-zone as him, or not too far from it.
“Of course! I’m not going to make you walk. It’s cold as shit outside.”
Cas squinted in confusion. “Pardon?”
Cas listened to him enthusiastically recount the angel’s many accomplishments, getting a surprising amount of the facts correct. He didn’t know whether he wanted to admit it was him or deny it to his dying breath. He
Dean passed Jack back to Cas like they were playing a game of pass the baby. “Show me?”
ones, ones that she’s going to want to do more than hold hands with!”
The man just smiled softly at him, gave him a simple “Have a nice day,” and let the window close behind him. Cas had to physically force himself to accelerate out of the drive-thru and continue on to work.
Cas’s head shot up, blue eyes peeking over the counter he was currently crouched behind. The stack of papers he had been sorting through fluttered to the floor, pulling a laugh out of Anna. He ignored her, and his eyes immediately zeroed in on the handsome man making his way towards the library's computers. Once he was sure the man wouldn’t turn around and spot him, he rose to full height and moved to stand beside Anna. “He’s late today.”
His ears perked up at the mention of ‘last month.’ So Prince Dean had been told ahead of time? Well, at least he had more time to prepare than Castiel did. “I apologize. I imagine not much has been written about me. I’m merely the fifth son, after all.”
He was nodding before Cas even finished his sentence. “Thank you, Professor. I really—”
The barista—no, Dean—smiled toothily. “Hey.”
“Dean!” Cas moaned, his hands tightened on Dean’s biceps. “I didn’t hurt you?”
“We’re going to go to the meeting and say hi, answer any questions she might have, and be ourselves.”
“But you think he’s cute!”
As if he could read Dean’s mind, Cas reached into the small space between his hips and the desk and gripped his cock. Dean let out a noise loud enough to rival a porn star and rocked back against Cas’s thrusts in an attempt to urge him faster, harder, but Cas’s pace remained unchanged, and continued to time his thrusts with his strokes. In, up. Out, down. He was spiraling closer and closer to the edge, his hole clenching around Cas’s cock so hard that there was no way Cas wasn’t just as close as he was.
He turned to look at Balthazar and contemplated kicking his shin behind the counter. “I’ve been using up some gift cards.”
“The party started an hour ago.” Cas waved his empty mug in front of himself. “But please, don’t stop on my account.”
He turned to the display in a desperate attempt to change the subject. “I’d like a blueberry muffin and a coffee, please.”
If he thought his crush couldn’t get any worse, he was mistaken.
Maybe it was because he figured out Dean was trying to get him to pull over, or he was just trying to get away from Dean, but his soulmate threw on his blinker and changed lanes. Dean followed him. He changed lanes again, and Dean followed him again. Finally, he was on the offramp, and Dean’s heart was beating too quickly for his chest to contain it. He felt ready to explode with a mix of hope and nerves, both ready and
they watch in silence for a while, a few comments about the plot here and there, some idle comments about the characters from cas. he definitely hasn’t seen this movie before. out of the corner of his eye he sees cas’s head tipping down a little, then jerking back up. he’s falling asleep. just as indy on screen makes the switch of the golden idol with the sandbag, dean feels a weight on his shoulder. he spares a glance, silently praying it’s just the pillows adjusting oddly and not a gigantic bug crawling up his sleeve. he’s surprised when he looks over and sees cas leaning against him, eyes shut, a peaceful look on his face.
he snakes a hand around her waist and gives cas a look as they side-step around him, a look that says
“cas?”
—works. does cas think they’re together now? dean thinks back to all the tv shows and movies he’d seen, where there had been a romantic plot. that’s probably the only experience cas
dean’s mouth is
, and it’s good and pure and castiel can feel dean’s legs give out a little. he’s grappling onto cas’s coat, pulling him closer, and cas doesn’t know how he went so long without this, without this feeling, this spark. god, it’s so, so good.
. his way of telling him he isn’t alone, he’s safe.
the food arrives quickly and dean drops sam’s burger and fries off at his room. they eat in silence, cas still sitting at the table and dean on the bed. they still don’t mention the incident from this morning.
isn’t the right word.
anything.
he has long eyelashes, dean notices. they’re dark and curved perfectly, settle on his cheeks just right. his face is littered with faint freckles, the type of freckles you don't notice until you look really close, until you’re looking
much blood. he was fucking littered in little cuts, and his once-white button-down was soaked in crimson. god, was that his blood? was he hurt? was it
back at sam, doesn’t realize he’s reaching to grab at cas’s sleeve until he’s got the fabric between his fingers, until he’s catching one of the threads with his nail.
dean’s gaze rose to meet cas’s, their eyes locking. the ex-angel’s eyes were dark, filled with want, desire. longing.
, dean!” he talks too loud, his body pushing forward a little with emphasis and he doesn’t even realize he’s doing it, shoving dean further into the wall, “you
“i’ll… i’ll take care of it,”
, and dean was scared, so fucking scared one of them was dead, that one of them had to drag a corpse back home. cas was slumped against jack, barely holding himself up and— there was blood streaked down his face—
he can’t
, and—
the warmth moves.
it’s so fucking
time in 24 hours kicks in.
for cas because… it was never the right time for something like that. hell, he’d grown up in a household where liking dudes wasn’t even an option; porn magazines and g-strings were practically shoved down his throat, it’s what he was used to. he’d been with so many women over the years and after cas came along he found himself almost sleeping with women
but cas runs his fingers over the bruises on dean’s neck, not breaking eye contact, taking a few deep breaths.
“dean.” cas’s voice is quiet, practically drowned out by the chatter of the bar’s patrons, “are you alright?”
, so that just turns into a nod, an apologetic expression. fuck, he’s lost his ability to flirt with women.
dean parks outside of a small bar with a half lit-up sign, his tie hanging loose around his neck. the bar is loud, and there’s people chattering away inside. some sort of pop-rock song is playing in the background. it might be nirvana, sounds like the singer, but dean doesn’t recognize this song. huh.
cas yanks the car door open, pushes dean towards it with a bit more force than necessary, then walks around the car, gets in without a word.
, cas, me too… we.. f-
dean’s always had a bit of a staring problem with cas, but now that he was human, it was so, so much worse. now that he couldn’t just… magick his clothes to be clean, he wasn’t always in that same outfit. he would lounge around the bunker in loose clothes and shirts that showed his collarbones and,
into dean. dean lets out a shout in response as cas pulls out again and pounds back into him, finding a steady yet sloppy rhythm, the drinks from earlier not helping. deans moans and grunts are bouncing off the walls, feeling the room with obscene noises and he knows the entire floor can hear but he doesn’t care.
“cas!” through the thin walls of the motel. he went for a drive after that, and when he got back, mercifully, it was quiet.
“but we should really get going,” dean continues. cas nods and pushes himself off the bed and starts picking up the clothes that were thrown on the floor the evening before.
, dean’s gonna cry and he doesn’t want to, is desperately trying to pull cas forward, trying to bring him close so that he can just get
“sure,” dean mumbles, his mind elsewhere. he climbs out of the drivers seat and cas follows suit, closing the door to the impala quietly. dean gets upset when the doors are closed too hard, too loud. and castiel could
time ago, especially with cas.
dean snaps his gaze up to meet castiel’s. cas is sitting on the bed, hair slightly ruffled. he’s changed out of his suit and is practically drowning in one of dean’s old ac/dc shirts. where’d he even get that from? doesn’t matter.
good.
he can hear cas breathing just as hard as the man walks over to him, resting a hand on his shoulder.
, a little past the windows, away from where people can see them, and there don’t seem to be any street cams, but— they’re
they’re down on his waist in less than a second, and he’s shoving him back into the wall, lifting him a little this time, smiling because, to cas, he’s so fucking easy to move around even without his grace it’s funny.
happened with girls. fuck. “after that? man we’d be lucky if i can even sit down.” cas chuckles, relieved that the tension between them earlier has dissolved.
that was a difficult night for dean, too.
“i’m gonna see what else i can find on the lamia,” sam looks exhausted when he gets out of the car, running a hand through his hair. “did you wanna order from that burger place we drove by?”
hey !! scoot here :D we have been hard at work on this fic for a few weeks now (we have 40 pages of it written up in google docs? help. the finale broke us.), but i'm so happy to finally be sharing it w the world ! we have some lightly confusing, garbled plans for this, but.. this is the most i've written in literal years, and i'm so happy to say i made an amazing friend doing it! this is us rewriting the ending to our liking, being a Little (very) horny to cope with the shit that kripke made us endure, and that's okay ! i hope you can enjoy this ending with us, though it's before 15x18 and all of that s15 shit, i hope you love this as much as i do! i hope that the drip never stops with this story, and i hope we can give it the wrapping up it deserves ! also, as i'm writing this, it's jenmish day. LAUGHS. im done listening to the tl. ITS CANON i cant handle this anymore I Say It's Canon. BUT ASIDE FROM THAT!! please enjoy, and feel free to give any feedback needed ! i hope to see again soon !
“what are we
cas sneaks a bite of pancake from dean’s plate as sam hangs up the phone. dean smacks cas’s elbow.
. bar was cool. they played nirvana, i think,” dean manages to get out, cheeks a little flushed. and, damn it, sam couldn’t bring himself to tell them that he knew.
he doesn’t look upset, he just looks— disgruntled, a little bitchy, but not really
, wants to help sam find this lamia so they can get the fuck out of here, can go to
, he can do that now. can he?
“right there,
sleep, can feel the exhaustion yanking him down, anchoring him to the bed. he hums, curls closer to the nice, comfortable warmth beneath him. he smiles, allowing the brief moments of pleasantness, the vulnerability he so rarely gets.
“dude,” he hisses under his breath as he swaps his empty plate with cas’s pancake-filled one. cas is human but still hasn’t gotten used to eating at “normal times.” he doesn’t quite see the need to eat three meals each day, when you can just eat whenever you’re
, okay, um—” there are some scrambling noises, and sam must be getting up, grabbing cas’s keys, “which bar are you at? i'll be there in 5.”
, wordlessly.
dean obliges, slowly opening his mouth. then there’s fingers on his tongue, filling up his mouth, pushing down on the back of his tongue. he gags just a little bit, but when cas moves to take his fingers out, dean grabs his wrist, pushes his hand further in. the lube is strawberry flavoured, and dean’s found that he likes the taste, likes to lick it off of his toys after he uses them.
he feels weak and he
hard not to walk weird.
“here.” cas quickly shook his pants off of his ankles so he wouldn’t trip. he scoops dean back up again, dean’s arms flying out to wrap around cas’s neck. cas carefully drops dean on the bed. he laughs a little as soon as his head hits the cushion, tired and obviously worn out.
dean rolls his eyes, but doesn’t argue. hell, he’s never productive in the morning. this’ll definitely… be a first, especially for him.
lamia take the form of
next to cas’s ear and it’s ten times louder. but that squeeze only makes dean moan
most of all.. he’s
, cas wants to punch her.
? where are we going with this?” dean has laced his fingers together, and he’s tugging at his index finger, pulling and rubbing at the skin as he looks at cas, not breaking his gaze, not
cas can feel dean through his jeans, can feel how fucking
“what show have you been watching?” dean scoffs, frowning down at his plate. he knows him and sam haven’t had the best history of communication. looking back over the years, dean has realized that a lot of problems could have been sorted out earlier if the two of them had just
cas’s stare boring into the back of his head, can feel the white-hot anger in the air around him. god, he’s so cute when he’s jealous, but dean—
dean pushes the door to his motel room open, groans and flops onto the bed with a little noise, a little grunt. it had been a while since they had an easy lead, and although the case may not be as easy as they thought, sam and dean had decided to splurge a bit. two different motel rooms, one for each of them. cas wasn’t part of the original plan.
cas gives him that look again,
in order to seduce young men—
it’s dean.
he can’t get to the door fucking fast enough, and the moment he gets outside, he heaves a sigh, gulping down the cool air like he’s been holding his breath for an hour. he still hasn’t grown accustomed to his human reactions to things, doesn’t understand anxieties or panic, but now that he
adjusting to cas being human again wasn’t as bad as dean had thought it would be. they did sort of have to teach him about different types of food again, but— they were pleasantly surprised to find that cas had remembered a lot of his humanity from his first go-around.
last night, they had forgotten to close them and— fuck, it was bright. dean pries his eyes open, hisses and shuts them again. sleep. he
“yeah, that one… ugh,” dean knows they should probably shower, but he doesn’t
, just do it, do all of them. all of the things.
dean didn’t leave his side that night, but— he couldn’t even if he wanted to. he had fallen asleep with his head on dean’s shoulder, and they’d slowly moved so his face was pressed against dean’s chest, arms wound comfortably around his waist. cas was alright, jack had said, that “his human vessel couldn’t take the strain of the fight” or whatever.
outside.
.” sam points to his laptop that was balancing dangerously on all the papers. dean nodded, taking a scan of the information on the website and—yeah, it did seem like it would be a lot of work for a single lamia. to snatch that many people at once would take time, skill. most lamia are just
"That's Jack," Dean whispered, as Sam made his way to Dean's side. The entire bunker felt alive, strung with tension, like it was about to implode; Dean's ears thrummed with it.
"It's...complicated," Cas said, which was always angel code for 'I could tell you but you mere mortals wouldn't understand,' which always made Dean want to pound the tabletop until Cas dislodged all his secrets like pocket change spilling out of his old trenchcoat. Cas rubbed his forehead and added, "I am very tired, but I'll gain strength over the next days and weeks as I sleep and take meals. May I stay here?"
Maybe this could be. If he let it.
“What about you?” Dean sprawls in his chair, careful not to move his hand even a millimeter.
"I stand corrected," Cas said primly, in that way that made Dean crazy to pin him down and kiss all the schoolmarm off him. "It will take a more benign form then, having served its purpose."
"Did you think about returning to the bunker?" Cas asked.
Dean surged against Cas and took his mouth for a deep, slow kiss, as Cas's hand cupped the back of his neck. "Damn, Cas," he whispered, when he pulled back. The idea of skipping off to breakfast and behaving like everything was normal was impossible.
The old Dean would have looked away, coughed, got up for a coffee refill to buy some time and hide his feelings, but really what was the point of that, now?
Dean wanted to ask,
"As long as there's going to be actual explaining." Dean tipped his head forward, eyes still narrowed, and waited until he got an answering nod. Just because they'd been making out - holy shit, they'd been
"No. The bond remains. It will simply transfer planes of existence, with your soul."
Then he'd been hurt, and he started thinking about how fucking stupid it was that Cas gave up everything for him, and it had made all the difference, and he'd never even said thank you. Maybe Cas couldn't hear him, down there...over there...wherever the hell the Empty was. Or maybe he could. And Dean just...hadn't tried. His best friend, who had loved him, who had saved him more times than he could count, was in a forever darkness, and Dean had been dodging every emotion about that choice since he walked out of the room where it happened. He owed Cas so much, and the least he could do was acknowledge how that made him feel.
No idea if Jack really heard him. He definitely had better things to do than to lurk at Dean's bedside, listening to his wistful deathbed regrets. Being God, and all.
He was still trying to catch his breath from that horrible thought when Cas closed the inches between them and whispered against his lips, "You should stop worrying and kiss me now, Dean Winchester."
They continued staring; Cas kept right on breathing, warm and safe in Dean's bed, and suddenly Dean's knees were weak. He put one hand on the baseboard. "Don't ask me if I'm okay, I'm fine," he said testily, because he could feel Sam's concerned mode activating right next to him. "Better than fine," he added, but he went ahead and sat down at the foot of the bed anyway. "I'll stay here with him, in case he wakes up."
Jack had agreed, and it was done; one tiny corner of South Dakota, a house, a place where time only moved when Dean was present, and where his body recognized the weight of his accumulated human years.
"Holy shit," Dean said, moving not even a millimeter. "I thought I dreamed it all."
“I want you now,” Cas says, low, and the shiver of desire passing across Dean’s body can’t be denied.
“We’ll make up for it the next time we’re home.”
“Sam will be glad to hear it, I’m sure.”  Cas rests his hand over Dean’s; his thumb travels across Dean’s palm, open and defenseless, no weapon held there to stop this most welcome of incursions. Anything else Dean was planning to say is lost to the sensation of Cas’s gentle touch, and the silver threads of grace winding their way into Dean’s body.
"Are you?" Sam asked, flinging his bloody dagger to the ground to take a closer look at Dean.
There was a knock at the door, and then the door cracked open, but tellingly, Sam did not poke his big head inside. Clearly when he'd let Miracle in, he'd seen plenty, even if there hadn't been anything to see. "Good morning?" he said tentatively from the hall.
That made Cas smile against Dean's cheek. "No," he said. "You and Sam are soulmates. You will share Heaven in whatever form it takes; that will never change." He grew serious, and added, "I've spoken before of our bond, Dean, and now that bond is made real. It exists; it doesn't have to be something you ever feel, or are aware of, if it makes you uncomfortable - but I will know. When your life is ended, mine too will end."
"Are you all right?" Cas asked, while Sam was patting him down. Dean batted him away and took a deep breath.
Dean lifts his head and looks around
Dean searched Cas's face, looking for familiar tells. He did seem tired, and a little wary, but also, there was that earnest, hopeful look, one Dean had seen so many times when Cas believed something good was about to happen. "A little bit," he said, eventually. "Heaven is your home. But this is really what you wanted?"
"I'm feeling better, Sam," Cas said, arms full of dog. "Thank you for helping me last night."
Sam cleared his throat. "Someone-"
"Cas, this is...you, coming back, for me. Being mortal." Dean shook his head. "You didn't love being human last time you were forced into it. All the uncomfortable and weird things, especially. This is more of that. A lot of knowing that it's going to come to an end, when you least expect it. Aging...I don't know how that's going to go with those wings attached to you. It's all so weird."
Dean sat up in bed, fully awake and listening. The bunker had its own night sounds, and his brain rattled through the list, trying to find what was wrong --
Cas set Dean's mug down, then sat down with his own. "Dean. There's." Cas stopped, and leaned forward to wrap his hands around the cup, knuckles white. "There's something I haven't told you."
Dean exchanged a stunned look with Sam. Apparently the rules for a lot of things were changing. It was unsettling, but maybe it was for the best. Jack had a good head on his shoulders. So to speak. "Is there more?" Dean asked.
"I know." Cas sat there, steady, despite his first-hand experience of the infinite ways Dean lacked coping mechanisms and was prone to quicksilver anger and lashing out, and Dean's heart flipped over in his chest.
"He is remaking Heaven, breaking down walls. Changing many of the things that made it more like a sad prison than a true place of joy and rest." Cas sat with his hands around the mug, looking smug as hell, and Dean felt a sudden pang of love for him that made him set the fork down again.
"Because we need each other," Cas answered simply. As if it didn't have to be any more complicated than that. As if Dean's entire life, he hadn't been ruthlessly taught not to need or trust anyone but Sam, since no one could be relied on except his brother -- until Cas had descended into their lives full of grace and fury and changed their futures forever. As if Dean could help needing him, or loving him. Dean would never want anyone else with such fierce devotion. He understood that now; trust Cas to have seen it clearly all along.
“I think you’re Dean Winchester, who never had much to call his own, aside from a car that was an extension of your soul, and the unconditional love of your brother. But I am yours,” Cas says. “And this is our home.”
He'd shied away from accepting all the things that emptiness had made him feel, but there was only so long he could pretend he didn't know what those feelings were.
Dean dropped his fork with a clatter. "That's why you could hear me!" he exclaimed. "You'd been busted out of angel sleep!" Sam stared at him, and Dean picked up his fork again to point it at Sam. "Never mind," he said, "it's not important," and then began moving his eggs around his plate, one mystery solved.
Cas slipped out the door, and Miracle sat down by Dean's heels and looked up at him. He whined, and then gave a tiny, suppressed bark.
"To be out of danger, and together, yes." Cas helped Sam lower Dean's shirt. "Is he all right?"
“It was a good bargain,” Dean says quietly.
"Dean. This is merely one chapter in my very, very long life." Cas smoothed his fingers through Dean's hair. "I have always been a good soldier. I've made many mistakes, and paid dearly for them. I have owed penance, and accepted it, even welcomed it, when I was able. I've done horrific things and wondrous things," he said, his fingertips brushing over Dean's shoulder. "And I never asked for anything in return, because that's not a soldier's place. But this once, I decided to do so."
Dean hugged Cas close, and then pulled back to look at his face. "Cas?" he said, hating how his voice cracked, and also not caring at all.
"Cas," Sam said, just a rasp of the word. Dean's breath hitched and stopped, and started again, and he lunged forward, but Sam yanked him back. "No, wait," he said, and Dean obeyed the urgency in his voice, though every molecule of him wanted to run up there and wrench Cas down.
“I know it’ll be beautiful,” Dean says softly. He lifts Cas’s hand to his lips, kisses his knuckles; this is all he’s ever wanted for Cas, to be an agent of creation, and away from the ugliness Dean has always inhabited – hell, that he’s craved. He knows what he’s good at. What he loves.
Maybe that didn't matter anymore. He had seen Castiel as a warrior, a friend, as a father and brother; he had seen him fully, painfully human and consumed with god-like power, had seen him be selfish and yet give everything of himself. He
"Okay." Sam hesitated. "Maybe I should stay too, in case-"
The blanket they'd wrapped Cas in when he first arrived was on the floor by his feet, so Dean scooped it up and pulled it over himself as he stretched out on the bed. He had a thousand questions, but they weren't getting answered until Cas woke up, and he wasn't feeling so hot himself. This wasn't even the strangest thing he and Sam had seen, in their long and event-filled lives...but it was close to the most awesome, for sure.
Because it
“I thought we’d have more time, this time.” Dean stands up and finds a clean suit in the closet to toss on the bed.
So he broke the box open one night, and sitting with Miracle in the library after Sam had gone to bed, he took a sip of his beer and said, "Hey, Cas."
"He can do many things. All things, really. He has Chuck's powers, and many powers even Chuck did not, and he uses them...very differently." Cas paused and took a sip of his coffee. "I offered what assistance I could, but Jack knew what was required, and what changes were needed. He had time to consider it all those months he was learning among humans."
“Mine is to be wherever I’m needed, working at purpose. And you, Dean Winchester, are mine to protect, as I see fit.”
For so long, he'd allowed anger to control him, in all its forms from coldly distant to lava-hot, mostly aimed at the wrong targets and almost never resolved. It made him sick to think about the years he'd wasted being pissed off. Miracle wriggled around in his arms until he could lick Dean's face, which Dean allowed because it was all wet anyway.
"Maybe he was too busy putting the world back together."
"New rules," Cas said. "I'm...unique. A one-off, as you would say. And when this is done, I'll be the first of Jack's new archangels."
“I don’t like ‘putting on a show.’”
“Thank you, Dean.”
“It’ll be our secret, then.”
His brother could have said a lot of things.
Dean knew he wasn’t imagining the way Cas’s shoulders slumped. “Oh.”
“Love you too, Dean.”
“Oh, yeah? You don’t think it’s too simple?”
“Oh god.” Balthazar rolled his eyes so hard Cas thought they’d get stuck. “Yes you do. Remember Inias? You flirted with him constantly!”
“Romance and young adult.”
“We’ll talk about that later.” Dean ruffled her hair. “For now, I’m going to check on the chickens. Wanna come?”
“No, but I am your superior, so—”
His smile widened. “Awesome. We should head to the great hall. I don’t want them to get any ideas if we stay in here too long.”
He grinned widely. “That’s what it says.”
Dean nodded enthusiastically. “He's saved villages and been on rescue missions, played escort… There’s nothing he hasn’t done. You’ve heard the songs, right? At first, I thought he was too good to be true, but other soldiers confirmed it! They can’t
“What do you mean, you
“Sam, would you please pull your car up to the stairs? The water wont stay warm for long, so we need to get him home as quickly as possible. I can help him to the car.”
