"It's finally happened, I've gone completely mad." John said as he sat up. He furrowed his brow and didn't look around. He was staring at the coat.
1 - Why didn't we see the wedding? I decided to skim over the wedding in the previous chapter because this is all really back story. This is all nitty gritty to get to the really good stuff in the modern BBC era. Don't worry there will be a wedding, it will be fluffy and sappy, and it will get more time than this one did.
"Knock next time. You scared John." Simple enough words but they were delivered in a threatening growl that gave them a whole different meaning, one that Lestrade did not miss. He glanced with interest from Sherlock to John, still frightened, in the far corner of the room.
But John had not run. Instead he had bent and grasped around for Lestrade's dropped weapon, and when he found it, he straightened, took careful aim and fired at the man who was trying to strangle Sherlock. The murderous curate was dead before he hit the ground; John's bullet, perfectly centred, passed through his heart and out again to lodge in a shimmering patch of mosaic on the far wall of the Chapel of Holy Souls.
“John?” Sherlock’s expression was guileless and his eyebrows were raised in innocent question.
Sherlock did not re-emerge, so John, deep in thought over what had just occurred, cleaned up the kitchen, prepared a pot of tea, made hot buttered toast and carried a tray to Sherlock’s bedroom door where he set his tray down and knocked quietly.
Glossery
Sherlock nodded and climbed out of the cab but as John had known he would be, he was almost too exhausted to climb the stairs to the flat. John half carried him the final few steps and through the door. At least Sherlock hadn’t suffered another episode of heat-fueled sexual desperation since he’d run from the flat, which pleased John who wanted him to be able to sleep and not have to struggle more with the unfamiliar sensations of a heat and the frightening loss of control over his own body.
The man’s smile gets impossibly wider and he shakes his head as if it’s the most awe-inspiring thing he’s ever heard. “A doctor! How wonderful, how marvellous! Your parents must be endlessly proud, I know I would be that’s for sure. I would be telling every man I passed-”
Anger had engulfed Sherlock then, and he had shoved at Enzo’s chest roughly.
“What are you doing?” John asks quietly, not sure if he means the hasty retreat or the moment they just shared.
“You must forgive me, John. My manners must have soured right out of the door when you opened it. Not your fault at all, of course, I hope that isn’t implied! My own arrogance and presumption is not to be taken lightly in this matter,
“You like being dramatic.” John retorted. Sherlock’s eyes narrowed and before John could react, the younger man slapped the sweet box down out of John’s grip and it fell to the floor with a bang.
he wines, titling his hips downwards to meet John’s thrusts desperately as his legs tighten around his waist.
Suddenly, a soft knock on the door pulls John out of his stupor and he sits up hastily. He pads over to the door and opens it.
John swings back round towards the door, taking in Victors panicked expression.
A split second decision causes John to dart forward towards the retreating back. “Mycroft, wait.”
“You look, frankly, adorable right now.”
By this point, Sherlock had forgotten what love felt like, but he knew something was up when his stomach ached, his hands got clammy, and his heart raced even when he was just sitting in his chair at Baker Street.
of it. It was an accumulation, a projection. It must have been.
“Well,” Sherlock nods.
As the loud murmur of voices starts up again with overlapping conversations, John takes a moment to cast his eye around the room now the attention isn’t solely on himself. Mr Holmes and Alfie are laughing about something or other by the sink, Sherlock has been dragged off to a corner by Rudy and they’re conversing in low voices as the older man fiddles with the radio, while Mrs Holmes, Ms Bennet and Mycroft clink their wine glasses together with large smiles. John indulges himself with a quick assessment of Mycroft; he’s a little plumper than the one from home, hair fuller and a dark auburn, pale and freckly. He looks
“Yeah, go on then,” John nods as Victor ambles up to the door of a chippy.
"What the hell are you doing!?" John asks for a second time, his anger increasing by the second at the manhandling.
“Just a sip.” Sherlock muttered, unusually sombre, and took the glass away before John could gulp its entire contents.
“Ah.” Sherlock muttered in some sort of understanding. John imitated him snappishly.
“Wha-what is it?” Sherlock pants, hands tightening on John’s neck as if expecting him to try and pull away.
“Je n’ai entendu aucune musique,” Enzo smiled softly.
When Sherlock was twenty-eight, he fell in love.
Mr Holmes asks Sherlock how working at the shop is going and the conversation turns more comfortable as Sherlock begins prattling on about how
Sherlock stood up, brushing dirt off his backside and pocketing his phone. “I’m fairly certain it-“ He stopped suddenly and grabbed John, shoving him further into the stock room and pushed him between two large cages full of delivery. John was about to protest when he heard footsteps enter the back room, the person lifting something heavy from a shelf then disappearing again.
, John!” Sherlock cries with a smile, grabbing onto wrists only to have them tugged out of his grasp a second later. John pinches at his skin with determination, and Sherlock shoves at his arms. “Get off, man!”
. Fuck-I’m sorry!”
The man nods solemnly, looking close to tears. Uncomfortable, John reaches up and awkwardly pats the back of one large hand in a comforting manner.
Smiling, John walks up to him and pats him on the shoulder. "Goodnight Sherlock." John moves around him and makes his way up the stairs, hearing Sherlock mutter a goodnight back.
When John faces forward again, he notices Rachel giving them a rather odd look. He ignores it.
The officer looked towards at John and Sherlock in immense gratitude, slumping down into his chair. John couldn’t help the smile that had overtaken his face, and he directed it at Sherlock who was following the family’s conversation with keen eyes.
Sherlock fights a shudder, shoulders tense and bottom lip now captured between his teeth. John looks away casually, taking another sip of wine as he feels his own jeans getting uncomfortably tight. He repeats the movement of his little finger, this time in an upwards stroke and can feel the bulge under the digit hardening.
Sherlock sighs dramatically and gives John a look. "Haven't you ever wanted to smash up an entire house before with absolutely no consequences? And I don't know, maybe it'll make you feel better."
Sherlock moans into the kiss immediately, fingers tightening in John’s hair. Their mouths slide together roughly, and it’s completely different from the small kiss they shared last night. This feels desperate and rushed, lips parted sloppily as they pant into each others mouths.
There's a pause as John watches Sherlock and Sherlock watches the floor. "I don't want to fight with you either." John replies quietly, his anger having completely disappeared watching Sherlock mumble his odd version of an apology.
the gesture translates.
“You’re not angry with me, are you?”
He knows he can’t hold off the conversation that needs to happen forever, but a few more hours won’t hurt.
“And where did you go?” Mrs Holmes asks, appearing at the table with another plate which she places in front of her daughter.
“How’s your head, John? Any memories come back, yet?” Victor asks, turning in his seat to address him.
John covers a hand over his face, feels the burning under his palm.
“Good. You should stay away from him,” John drops his hands and stands up with jerky movements.
“I thought I would show John around the town while Sherlock’s at the shop, if you fancy it?” Victor turns to John in question.
“Erm, I don’t know…I could just tell? Two pairs of hands, two voices...” Teddy had trailed off, still staring at Sherlock as if not quite understanding what he was looking at.
Sherlock mutters under his breath and John hides a smirk.
He got into a lot of trouble, his parents were called in and scolded him severely, kept asking him why he had done it and that it was unacceptable behaviour. Thinking this was rather unfair, Sherlock had tried to explain that the boy had pushed him first, but then he had just got a lecture on why violence was
"No. I don't recognise him."
John grins, rolling Sherlock onto his back and hovering over his face, hands bracketing the disheveled head. The other boy stares up at him, a bit breathless.
“Oh, thanks,” John says in surprise, taking it, not even having given thought to anything so trivial as nightwear.
“We usually play speaking french,” Sherlock had pointed out to John at one point, which had caused Rudy to glare at him for breaking character.
Victor gives him an uncertain smile back, “Alright, Sherlock?”
“You look horrendous,” Sherlock feels the need to point out.
John shakes his head, raising a finger to his lips and taps it against his mouth.
Sherlock frowned. “Tea.”
Sherlock had never promised John anything in that front) or by the man’s easy and eager press of foreign bodies against his. Bodies that didn’t belong to
Sherlock ignored him and reached out to grab Johns face between his large hands, eyes narrowed and flitting quickly across his face. John sighed slightly and let himself be manhandled, too tired to do otherwise.
ha-ha! Although perhaps that is a cheap shot, I apologise, I’m sure you’ve heard it all before, blah blah you naughty chicken, blah blah-which reminds me! I must-but wait! Who is this?”
Just after two pm, there is a knock at the door. John, desperate for a distraction from the turmoil in his mind nearly runs in his haste to open it. Teddy is standing there, a big smile on his handsome face.
him.”
Once John is settled in bed he hears Sherlock's bedroom door closing, soft and gentle in the darkness.
"John..." Sherlock breathed, "...you look awful." With that diagnosis he let his friends face go and sat back again.
“Yes, yes, yes to everything.”
But somehow he knows, deep down, that it
“Thank you,” John says again. Doesn’t know what else to say so he just waits as Sherlock hovers with visible uncertainty at the threshold.
John gritted his teeth and forced himself calm. “Sir, you bought them in the reduced section. They were 20p, because they were green. I’m afraid-“
Continuing on...
“I’m good at this, trust me,
John nods, relieved.
The child didn't respond or even acknowledge the sound of John's voice. The doctor frowned, wondering if the child was asleep. "Hello?" He tried again, this time a little louder. He stopped about a foot away from the small boy, who up close looked no more than six or seven. Reluctant to touch him in case he startled the child, John crouched down in front of him. "Hey there little man, are you okay?" He asked again, keeping his voice pitched low and gentle.
He thinks about little Victor Trevor, his Redbeard, the memories long having come back to him after a horrendous night in an isolated prison. His first friend, murdered because Sherlock had made the mistake of loving him. Realises now it couldn’t have been helped, there’s nothing he could have done differently as be was only a child himself. He could never have saved him. He wonders what would have happened if he had lived to grow up with Sherlock, if he would have grown to love him too.
, or rather
“Yes, you look very handsome, now let’s go or we’ll be late.”
Teddy follows him into the kitchen and sits at the table, now blood-free thanks to him.
“If you like,” Sherlock shrugs again indifferently, making John wonder if actually, Sherlock doesn’t know who the singer is at all but rather that enough people have pointed out the similarity for him to remember the name.
Guilt and confusion slams into his gut just as Sherlock’s eyes open and flick down to him in question.
As evening drew closer, John came to realise that Uncle Rudy was really quite mad, and that Sherlock took after him much more than he did his parents. Rudy was generally kinder in a more deliberate way and made a pointed effort to include John in every conversation. He didn’t have much of a filter in the things he said, much like his youngest nephew, and it was clear fairly early on that Sherlock was his absolute favourite family member and the feeling seemed mutual. The three of them sat at the very end of the dining room table, chatting and laughing and bickering in such a familiar way that John felt a bit like he was talking to two Sherlock’s at once.
John is both baffled and unsurprised by this statement. Makes sense, with Sherlock lithe frame and ropey muscles.
The rest of the summer was a dance of politeness and indifference. Sherlock avoiding Enzo when it wasn’t obvious he was doing so, and treating the man with impeccable formality when they crossed each other.
Sherlock had stared and stared and realised then and there that yes, that’s what that feeling in his chest was, the one he’d so desperately been trying to ignore for months; it was love.
John returns to his exploration of the skin of Sherlock’s back, grunting as the man wraps his long legs around John’s waist and pulls him closer.
John takes a deep breath, grins at him. “It’s funny, but it feels like I do.”
“Shut up, John,” Sherlock snaps, mouth twitching at the corners. He tries to heave himself out of the sink, promptly falling back on his arse with a huff, arms weak and still trembling slightly.
Sherlock smiles, lopsided, and holds open the door as Molly stumbles in after him. He leads her over to their table and Teddy looks up.
Sherlock’s face melted into his most pompous, impassive look. “I don’t know what you want from me, John.”
Even so, it feels different. With his older friend, it was always the cases, the chases and fights. Getting into trouble together and risking their lives. Terrifying and glorious.
“Toby,” the girl mutters, taking a step towards the mans turned back and reaches out to touch his shoulder blade. “Maybe we should just…” She trails off, looking pained.
John chuckles easily around a chip. “Not what you’re thinking.”
Once they get onto the first landing, Sherlock leads them down a dim hallway, bypassing doors that are open and closed. John spots the occasional person, laying in dirty clothes on dirty mattresses. Some are jittering and muttering to themselves, others so still they could be dead. A sharp, acidic smell is in the air and John gets a sinking feeling of dread in his stomach.
As per, warning for grammar.
"Why are you so angry with me?" John snaps, frowning at his friend.
“And what time did you get in last night, young lady?” Mrs Holmes suddenly asks, her back still turned to the room.
“No,” Sherlock protests weakly, tugging at the boy’s trousers to make him stay.
When he looks back, Mrs Jones is giving him a contemplative look.
But at night, he would turn off every light in his room, squeeze his eyelids tight, and pant into the air as his hand trailed slowly down his chest, his stomach, his abdomen, pretending it was sunkissed and rough and belonged to someone else.
Mycroft blinks lazily, ignoring the look, and John huffs out a breath of exasperation.
under it.
Depending on the potency, Sherlock should be fine. Seems a lot better now than when he was at the club. John, too, isn’t completely sure why Sherlock collapsed, but all drugs (especially a cocktail) can cause a number of odd reactions in the body.
He almost wishes it wasn’t a saturday, then he could use the excuse that he had work and effectively avoid the inevitable.
“Well come on you two lazy bones, up! It’s nearly midday and the sun is shining!”
Then says
He hates it, hates to admit it now more than ever, just how much he needs his friend. Left alone with no one but a young child depending on him. And Sherlock, for fucks sake
“Not anymore.” Sherlock replies coldly.
“Why didn’t you think it would hurt me? Why didn’t you think I would care?”
Sherlock frowns a little at that, affronted at being compared to anyone else. John quirks a teasing eyebrow at him.
Sherlock licks his bottom lip, then sends John a bright smile which turns abruptly down into a frown.
John catches himself from pitching forward into him, raises his head and laughs helplessly as Sherlock winces with an irritated look, rubbing at the back of his skull as he struggles to sit upright.
“Not yours?” John asks, thinking of how the couple spoke of Sherlock without any hint of animosity.
“When I thought you were trying to poison me.”
The second day, however, Sherlock got bored. He began stocking the bread by the crisps, and the energy drinks by the ice cream, and it was then that John realised that Sherlock had taken up the childish habit of purposefully doing a chore so spectacularly wrong so that he would never be asked to do it again. He did the same thing at home.  And so, Sherlock was placed on the till and John was left to stock.
Running through overgrown fields, wind and grass in his hair, falling over only to jump immediately back up and continue on. The pain of grazed knees not registering in his mind, not until he had to go home alone.
“What are you doing here?” He asks her, voice hoarse.
John smiles down at Sherlock’s sleeping form on the couch, remembering coming down in the morning after the Tesco incident and finding Sherlock asleep in the exact place and position he is in now.
When Mr Holmes had called them down for dinner, John had automatically headed for the large dining room, but Sherlock had caught his arm.
Teddy had smiled again in incredulity and looked at John a bit pointedly before turning his eyes almost immediately back on Sherlock. He had chuckled lowly again shaking his head a bit.
Sherlock blinks at him slowly, looking a little baffled, but does as he’s told and leans backwards again on his hands, spread out and covered in sweat and semen.
“Why am I doing community service or why am I doing community service in a bookshop?”
Sherlock is still shivering, and John understands what he means when Sherlock had mumbled the word ‘vibrating’, his muscles are severely tensed under John’s hands, so much so that they’re trembling with the force of it.
The piece of music Sherlock was playing at the beginning of this chapter was Melodia Africana III by Ludovico Einaudi, one of my absolute favourite composers. (Also, yes I am aware this particular piece wasn’t released until 2001 but shuffle played it by chance as I was writing that scene and I couldn’t resist)
“There’s Ms Bennett, our housekeeper. She cooks sometimes and helps keep the place clean, but she’s here mainly out of loyalty. Her mother had worked for my grandparents before they had died, but my mother doesn’t approve of servants and nannies. Believes parents should be as such, not trading the responsibility of their children off on someone else. She doesn’t work Tuesdays.”
“Yes?”
“We had the situation under control.”
"Sherlock, what are we doing here?"
The bulk of the people milling about the shops had all seemed to be fairly young, wearing colourful mix-and-match clothing that reminded John of Camden or Brighton, where the entire essence of those places scream Vintage Bohemian, a trend that he recognises in the majority of the youth these days.
John let out a loud groan and bowed his head, listening to Sherlock babble excitedly about how the different sizes and brands determine this and that and John honestly didn't want to know and effectively tuned him out. Even still, John always found Sherlock’s unlimited enthusiasm utterly refreshing, the almost child-like passion that hadn’t been damped by age or self-neglect. John often wondered how Sherlock had so much energy, considering his ‘I’ll Sleep When I’m Dead’ attitude to his wellbeing. Then again, the man did drink a hell of a lot of caffeine. Not for the first time, John hoped that was the only stimulant Sherlock was dabbling in these days.
John couldn’t help but feel for her, yet at the same time that didn’t stop a terrible thought of
John slows his hand as Sherlock’s cock spurts another small rope and gentles his hold when the man twitches with oversensitivity.
After a long moment of hesitation, Sherlock looks up with determination. “I’m sorry for snapping earlier and kicking you out of my room,” he says in a rush, looking like it was physically painful to say the words.
“And are you enjoying it there?” Mrs Holmes asks, casting a quick glance at her son, who slumps a little in his chair.
“You’re drugged up, stop-”
"Sherlock, I swear to god," John takes another step towards his flat mate and this time Sherlock doesn't move. He stares down at John, eyes flickering over his face, reading the anger, the hurt, the betrayal. Seemingly finding what he's looking for, he hums and nods once before grabbing John by the elbow and steering him towards the living room.
Sherlock let’s out an huff of irritation and his eyes dart towards the ceiling. “John…”
“Oi-”
had been the same one he had given John on the train. Desperate. Pleading. Then resigned.
“Oh god,” Sherlock mutters, pulling a face at the small figure of Mr Jones leaning out of his shop doorway with a furious expression.
Thank you for all your lovely comments and interest! My ego is enjoying it immensely.
“Definitely something I will have forgotten about, come an hour or so,” Sherlock says airily, lips twitching.
It’s been two weeks since Teddy left. Two weeks since John had kissed the bruise he inflicted on Sherlock’s skin.
Sherlock’s eyes roll for a second before settle back onto John’s face. “Yep.”
“Hi. I don’t have anything to pay you back,” John adresses Toby, a bit awkwardly as he scans his own menu.
In both universes, contrasting only by circumstance, one thing remains the same. And that one thing is John Watson.
Across the room, Johns motherless daughter sleeps peacefully in her cot, unaware to the the awful turmoil keeping her father awake.
This time, however, John has opened the file with hands shaking in rage and aggressively types in his password, praying for Sherlock’s sake that it works and the bastard hasn't changed it again. He hasn't. John stares at his computer as his home-screen loads, trying to get his breathing under control. He twitches as he hears Sherlock’s bedroom door slamming down the hall and glares in that direction.
“You’re not what I expected,” John murmurs without thinking.
Toby twists away to go, face stricken, and takes one step before he halts and looks down with wide eyes.
John snaps his head up, eyes wide. Sherlock is standing by the kitchen door, dressed immaculately in his usual suit and shirt combo. His eyes are resting on Teddy, unwavering.
Sherlock exhales a heavy breath. “To a degree, I suppose. I don’t…” he shrugs, not finishing his sentence.
“Oh, little brother. Caring is not an advantage.”
As John steps into 221B, he hears a dull thumping sound coming from the flat. He narrows his eyes as he makes his way up the steps, thinking either Sherlock has got himself into some sort of trouble or is destroying the flat again. Either way, he hurries his steps, ready to jump in and defuse any situation he is presented with. However, once he gets closer to the door he hears a grunt followed by a muffled, "Harder.
Sherlock lets out a mock gasp. “A loss too painful to bare thinking about!” he replies playfully, eyes sparkling. Teddy chuckles.
particular assessment, Mummy had forbidden any more playdates with Victor for two whole weeks!
"Let go."
“I am.”
“Get back, everyone get back!” John shouts, giving Victor a sharp look. The boy immediately reads his expression and begins forcing the ring of people backwards to give John more space.
. But a dark suspicion is arising within him. Who’s he kidding, suspicion? It's bloody obvious. She must have been seeing the younger man while John and her were still together if they had already moved in together. Rachel wasn't the type to dive head first into anything. She was hesitant about everything, utterly unimpulsive. The complete opposite of Sherlock.
John makes the sentiment clear out loud with a strangled, "Fuck."
“I find this Merlot to be a particular blend of walnuts and caramel, wouldn't you agree Giles?” Rudy addresses John, who
“Well,” John says.
“‘Avn’t seen you ‘ere for a time,” the man purrs oily and is forced to open the door wider as Sherlock doesn’t wait to brush past him into the dark house.
“I swear, I didn’t do anything!” the brunette girl cries over him, a lilt of hysteria in her voice.
"Oh god. I'm so sorry." John gasps.
“I’d rather you didn’t sort out your personal business with thugs in my garden, mister,” she scolds, pointing a fork in Sherlock’s direction.
The man, Toby, glances back at her and John sees him shake his head a little. He looks back to John.
“I know about the fire situation,” John states delicately enough but in a way that expresses there’s no need for an elaboration. Sherlock’s eyes dart up at him. John changes the subject.
And John,
Sherlock gives John a sharp look, teeth chattering slightly and his lips downturned.
“Which bullet point were you reading?”
"You what?"
Jules shakes his head with deliberate slowness, giving his cigarette a nauseous look. “I don’ think this’s agreeing with me.”
, John.”
“Be careful yeah? Lots of dodgy people in clubs these days. Make sure you’re keeping a keen eye on your drinks, kids.” The man winks at them, smiling nastily before disappearing back inside.
John laughs, so Victor chucks it at him instead and John catches it mid-air. Sherlock grins at him and soon they are throwing the soiled material around the table until Mrs Holmes comes over and snatches it out of Victor’s hands with an impatient huff. She places a full toast rack in the middle of the table along with a stack of plates. Not long after, a butter dish, various jam jars and a plate of ham and cheese follows suit. The older woman doesn’t join them at the table, apparently already have eaten, and hums tunelessly as she begins washing up in the sink.
That night, Redbeard went missing and was never found. And Sherlock, being only six and still not possessing that full grasp over his emotions, reinvented Redbeard in his mind into something he could logically love and lose.
“Finally,” Victor grumbles, sauntering into the room without hesitation. “It smells weird in here.”
Evie is looking at her wrist watch when she declares, “Toby, we’re so late.”
The next strike John didn't anticipate at all. Too busy chasing Sherlock around London and just generally not paying attention to much else, he woke up on a Sunday morning feeling, quite literally, like death. Blocked nose, pounding headache, aching limbs, hot flushes, the whole shebang. Sitting up made his head spin and he miserably crawled out of bed. John stopped on the landing. Staring down the stairs with a gut full of dread. They were moving. The stairs were definitely moving. Deciding the best and safest option was probably descending them of his arse like a toddler, John did just that.
Don't do drugs, kids.
It is nearly ten in the morning, and they have things to do, but John ignores that as he takes a throw from Sherlock’s armchair and drapes it over his friend. He can sleep for a little while longer, John thinks, heading to the kitchen. He only gets as far as the table when a furious pounding starts on the front door. John jumps in surprise and glances at Sherlock as the man jerks awake and falls off the sofa onto the floor in a tangled heap. John rushes for the door and flies down the stairs before Mrs Hudson can be assaulted with whoever is aggressively trying to knock their door down.
“You make it sounds so sordid. I put some
“Wait, wait-” John pants, reaching blindly behind Sherlock for the hand soap bottle. Sherlock groans in frustration.
“Hm?” Sherlock glances up.
John realises that he has lost, and is in fact smiling slightly. He forces himself to scowl and closes his laptop with a lot less force than he had opened it with. It's a complicated emotion, wanting to stay angry at someone but also actively trying to smother it. Suddenly tired, John sighs and stretches, thinking longingly of his bed. Just as he moves to stand, he hears a creak behind him and spins around, startled. His racing heart slows as he watches Sherlock pad more into the room, eyes on his bare feet and looking a bit miserable.
John closes the door softly, leaning his forehead against it. He takes a deep breath and turns around before jumping in alarm. Sherlock is standing right behind him, face impassive.
“Woah, woah, easy,” comes a steady voice and suddenly a hand is resting on his shoulder, pale eyes filling John’s vision.
There’s a long pause, Teddy is looking contemplative and John waits for an instruction on how to proceed. It doesn’t come.
you have people spying on him?”
John didn't really understand why Sherlock simply couldn't go out and buy his own damn experiment supplies but the detective had been particularly needy that morning, constantly asking where John was going every time he got up to go to the loo or in the kitchen. While a bit overwhelming, John secretly likes it when Sherlock gets into one of his 'separation anxiety' moods. It's kind of like having a giant, lanky puppy following him about. While it should be utterly annoying, and is if John is trying to have a productive day of any sort, but on a lazy Sunday like this John didn't mind in the least. It's during these moments that John gratefully realises Sherlock needs him around as much as John needs the detective. It gave him a warm feeling in his chest and he couldn't help but look over at Sherlock, feeling his eyes crinkle in affection.
John nods.
They both gasp when their clothes erections brush teasingly, and Sherlock immediately arches up into the heat. John is blown away by his boldness, always suspected Sherlock to be shy in a sexual situation, although it goes against his character in everything else he does. Always imagined him to be flustered and uncoordinated, fluttering fingertips and hesitant touches, nervous and unsure.
Teddy rises and moves towards the brunet, grasping him by the shoulders and giving him a strong embrace. Sherlock pats his back a bit awkwardly in return before Teddy draws back slightly. He mutters something in Sherlock’s ear and the detective smiles slightly, nodding in reply. Then Teddy cups the side of his neck in a gentle hold and kisses his cheek, lips resting on the bruise for a moment before pulling back. John doesn’t know if the gesture was deliberate or not, but he has to swallow hard anyway, turning his eyes downward once again. Teddy pats Sherlock on the shoulder once before turning away. He looks at John expectantly before heading into the living room. John glances at Sherlock but the man has already turned away, fiddling with his phone. He follows Teddy to the door.
Sherlock?
Sherlock mumbles something in reply and John is about to ask him to repeat himself when suddenly thin hands slide around Sherlock’s waist from behind. Then he is being tugged out of John’s grip and into the arms of a pretty brunette who John had seen eyeing Sherlock up earlier in the night.
“You look beautiful.”
The ceiling has a new crack. Dust particles float around the room and settle in John’s throat as he breathes slowly in the darkness. A car headlight pans across the room, peeking through the closed curtains and disappearing as it hits the wall over the bed.
The list contains a series of words and/or short sentences that wouldn't make sense to anyone but himself and probably Sherlock. The thing is, in the many months John has been living with Sherlock Holmes he has come to realise that the man in question has a strange, and very occasional,
"Good."
Teddy looks unconvinced but before he can express this, Sherlock moves past him towards the kettle. John tries to ignore the fact that he walks around the other side of the table, away from him.
When Eurus came into his room, many hours later, when Sherlock had tired himself out and was lying curled up in a fetal position on his bed, she had stood over him with a curious expression. She then reached out to brush her tiny fingers over his cheek, smearing his tears over his face. When she had asked if he wanted to play, Sherlock had rolled over, turning his back to her, and muttered, “No. You’re not Victor.”
Mrs Jones squints her eyes at him, unimpressed.
“No! No, it felt…good. It felt right. But. I don’t know, it just wasn’t how I expected it to go.”
He nods an apology in reply, looking a bit relieved.
Sherlock looks at him for a moment, looking a bit grim, before flickering his eyes around the dusty room and settling on a fixated spot. Without looking away, he raises a hand slowly and points. John doesn’t look, but Rachel does. She lets out a strangled cry and darts forward.
He climbs off the bed, shoves at John shoulders to lay him down again against his pillows. Then stops, casting an eye down his body. He smirks slightly, before grabbing a pillow and chucking it at John’s crotch.
John raised his eyebrows and purses his lips. He really wanted to be asleep right now.
“You certainly wouldn’t be the first to say that,” Sherlock drawls.
“I need to talk to you about Alfie,” John murmurs before his nerve leaves him, holding onto his irritation with both hands to stop him from falling apart.
Suddenly the child snapped his head up and he jumped in surprise at John's proximity. John swiftly shuffled back a few steps, which made him feel a bit like a crab, and he held up his hands.
Pulse quickening and head a little light from alcohol, John slips one hand under the table and rests his palm just above Sherlock’s knee. The man jolts in response but otherwise doesn’t react except to take a large gulp of wine. Smirking into his own glass, John dances his hand a little higher up Sherlock’s thigh, enjoying the way Sherlock shifts in his seat.
Rachel pulls away slightly to look at John's face. “It's Jed!”
Mycroft turns fully to regard John thoughtfully. “The attachment is mutual, I see.”
Rachel glares at Sherlock for a long moment, face slowly turning a deep red. She glances at John, who simply blinks at her, before turning back. “Fuck you.” She spits.
“You held my face and told me to breathe and that
Rosie prods his foot again. Must be hungry.
John’s List file is still up on the screen from where he had looked at it earlier and has a quick skim. One bullet point in particular makes him bark out an involuntary laugh before cringing in embarrassment.
Sherlock didn’t seem inclined to drink to excess either, having downed two drinks in the short time they had been there and then switching to favour water. John was on his fifth already, the others keeping up admirably. Mr Holmes had slipped John a handful of cash with a wink as they were leaving the house, and John had gone to protest before the man had simply walked away mid-sentence. Originally, John had planned on keeping the money safe in his pocket until tomorrow morning and then handing it back with a thank you, but once Victor had offered to buy him a drink John had been overcome with a pathetic need to pay everyone back for their generosity from the past few days and had offered to buy a round instead. After that, it had pretty much been a downward spiral of poor impulse control that John knew he would regret come the morning.
“Teddy!?”
Moving to lay onto his back, John stares up at the wooden beams on the ceiling. Strange, how different yet the same the younger Sherlock is to the older one at home. His easy acceptance of John is one thing they both share, and it warms the doctor a little inside to realise that. That thought follows up with a recount of the bizarre moment they had shared earlier, the almost flirting. It makes John frown. He recognises he’s a massive flirt himself, always has been. And Sherock can be too, but it’s usually deliberate. An act of manipulation to get information out of certain witnesses. But occasionally, he would turn that distinctive charm onto John too. They would banter playfully the way John does with pretty women. Or there would be lingering glances, or steps into personal space. Soft breaths ghosting over faces. Tongues darting out to wet dry lips.
Sherlock.
John nodded for him to continue, ignoring the fact that neither of them had made any move to escape the cramped space they were in. Without the box between them, Sherlock’s thighs brushed against John’s, and he ignored that too.
Rudy lets out a deep chuckle, murmuring something unintelligible into her ear as he squeezes her tightly to his chest.
Sherlock tilts his head back to see where John is pointing. “Yep.” He dangles one arm off his bed and reaches under it, producing an old tome and begins flicking through it. Probably another item he stole from his place of work.
Sherlock’s hands scrabble at the back of John’s head, fist into his hair. He’s jerking backwards with every thrust of John’s hips, making small desperate noises into his mouth and John thinks this could quite possibly be the most aroused he has ever felt in his life.
"Nothing. I was just telling you." Sherlock yawned and slid is hand under his cheek, closing his eyes.
,” Victor nods slowly, looking like he half-believes him. But he takes a quick peek into the mug, seems satisfied enough, then collapses onto the bed too, sitting cross-legged at the foot.
It takes him a long time to fall back asleep, not relaxing until he is marginally confident she won’t come back.
John jerks away, holding Sherlock’s head away at arms length.
John clenches his teeth, staring up into Sherlock open, amused face. If John were anyone else, he would have heard nothing but honesty. Would have
I struggled a bit with this one, so please let me know what you think!
A dark hand reaches out to grab at his arm, and John tries to jerk away, heart thudding.
Sherlock continues to stare at him. John waits for him to say something. He doesn't.
Again; any concerns or questions you may have, I have a link in my bio for my tumblr where I am more than happy to answer any query or elaborate on any tag (without giving too much away) so as not to spoil anything in the comments <3
John wonders what Sherlock would do, back at home, if John reached forward and rested his lips against his. Silencing harsh words. How would Sherlock react? Push him away? It’s a strong possibility. John can imagine the scene, the demands of
“John! Thank god!”
Rachel stares at him. “John-”
Sherlock doesn't dignify that with a response, John knows how much he detests repeating himself, and leisurely heads over to the coat rack by the door. He chucks John's coat at him before shrugging on his own.
“Shut up.”
Teddy frowned, glancing at John for a second before shaking his head, “No.”
“For compensation, you boys can wash up the rest of my dishes. And your own, of course. Well? Hop to!”
John wonders, now, if that’s because he wouldn’t let it.
“I thought I was staying forever?” John smirks a little, a contrast to his quickening pulse.
wife’s death doesn’t lie at Sherlock’s door. He knows, deep down, that the awful guilt of his infidelity (was it truly?) doesn’t, can’t, lie at Sherlock’s door. A sister he never knew existed. A sister he had forgotten. How convenient. It’s illogical to blame his friend for his own actions.
John’s always found it rather incredible just how much Sherlock looks like his parents, as if someone had gathered every striking feature in both parties and moulded it into something new. He honestly couldn’t say who Sherlock took after more, but his unique eyes, with their unnatural paleness and cat-like shape, is all Emelia. She’s a little less plump than John knows of her, her hair not the endearing white but a sandy blonde gathered up into a messy bun.
After that, Teddy turns up every day, always with a bag of takeaway and beer. John doesn’t mind, he enjoys his friends company and they spend the majority of the time catching up while Sherlock hides in his room or sprawls on the sofa with his laptop.
“Shit.” John murmurs to himself, rubbing his hands over his face. He stands, switches off the TV and slowly makes his way to the stairs, needing to lay down. Needing to leave this room.
"Oh, when you accused me of taking advantage of a good friend of yours who was recently attacked?" Sherlock asks, his voice causal but eyes cold.
“Wrong?” Teddy finishes for him, tilting his head to the side.
Enjoy xo
Sherlock shrugs in reply and Rudy is tugged back around to face his niece once more.
They’re wandering aimlessly down the high street once more, Victor in a particularly perky mood. Sherlock sunk into a deep sulk pretty much as soon as they had left the house a little while ago, and John is half-tempted to join him. A vague air of frustration lingers in John’s veins, his body irritated at the interruption earlier even if he feels like he should be a bit relieved.
“Did we fuck!”
And so, John had shrugged his ignorance and sipped at the wine Mr Holmes had handed him with a pat on his arm.
“Yeah. I mean…I guess. I don’t know?” John sighs and rubs his face in his hands before glancing at the door. He turns back to his friend and lowers his voice. “Something happened.”
John shrugs. “Like I said, it feels like I know you.” He stops himself from saying anything else, a bit paranoid he’s laying it on a bit thick and that Sherlock will suddenly look at him with realisation and declare,
“Okay,” Sherlock says back, sounding relaxed and pleased.
touch drugs again. To never put his life at risk for the sake of a idiotic thrill, not when so many people depend on him, not when so many people
“Must there be a reason? Must I make an appointment? Are you so busy with your studies that you need an advanced notice? Now I know that can’t be true due to your expulsion, or should I say
“How’s your vision? Everything clear?” John asks, holding him steady as he gains his balance.
John closes his eyes at the noise and groans. What the fuck is wrong with him? That was completely uncalled for. The anger is draining fast. John isn’t even sure where it had all come from in the first place. There is silence in the kitchen.
Sherlock gave an annoyed exhale over John’s face and swept grandly up onto his feet.
Sherlock waves this off, adding sugar to his coffee before leaning his back against the unit. He makes no move to join them at the table.
Yes, it was small and chaste, could be explained away by being high and tired. But Sherlock’s soft face in the ocean lights, his small smile…
“Are you cold?” John asks, already tugging at the tied knot of Sherlock’s shirt sleeves still around his waist.
Comments forever appreciated and honoured.
The man rears back as if burned, staring at John with wide eyes, before promptly doubling over in a fit of deep laughter.
John had then topped up Rudy’s wine glass in an act of solidarity, which distracted the man enough to turn his hard blue eyes away from Alfie’s face and begin a game of ‘Wine Connoisseurs’ with Sherlock, a game they apparently played
“Jesus.” John mutters to himself, feeling rather out of his depth.
John holds back his own scoff, and is cut off from replying when Mycroft gives him a hooded look and turns back towards the door.
“No, wait, don’t hang up!”
“How long does it take to get to London from here by train?” He asks the young couple as they come to meet him.
“I am happy,” John smiles over at him, types a quick
“What do you mean?” Teddy asks, crossing his arms.
,” Sherlock nods solemnly.
He bolts upright in bed, heart pounding and ears straining. It’s high pitched enough to be a woman. John holds his breath.
Dark green eyes, the colour of moss, flick over to John and he raises an auburn eyebrow in question.
When Sherlock was sixteen, he fell in love.
Sherlock had whispered with a sniffle, reaching out with shaking fingers to grip the material of the man’s soft shirt.
Sherlock goes willingly, twirling the girl around his body while she smiles up at him in delight, hands already grasping at his waist with prying fingers.
Sherlock looks at his own reflection, widening his eyes comically to peer at his dilated pupils in fascination.
“I just came into some money,” he grins before wandering over to Anderson with a triumphant air.
"What are you doing?" John called a bit tiredly. He really hoped Sherlock hadn't spotted a pair of curtains perfect for setting fire to or a ladle perfect for pouring acid everywhere or something along those lines. John had absolutely no desire to go bin diving that morning. Or any morning to be perfectly honest but sometimes duty calls. "Sherlock?"
Teddy gives him a strange look. He takes a breath as if to say something but then lets the air flow out of his mouth in a hard exhale. “See you tomorrow, mate.” He gives John a raised eyebrow and leaves with a soft click of the door.
As if summoned by god himself, Emelia Holmes had entered the kitchen at that precise moment, hands filled with cotton shopping bags and a friendly smile on her face.
Sherlock scowled but stopped going on about it.
“Fuck!” John cries, fisting his hands into his hair. “I need to get back now!”
“Good yeah, didn’t take too long. The bastards have a trial in three weeks, I have to come back to prosecute but that’s fine.” Teddy is flicking through his phone as he speaks, a habit that reminds John of his hiding friend, but keeps glancing up and John in concern.
Her young face, cast in shadows, is eerily blank, pale eyes glittering at him in the moonlight. John swallows, it catches in his dry throat. As he opens his mouth to speak, she steps lazily away and silently leaves the room, closing the door with a soft click behind her.
Sherlock opens his mouth to reply, but before he can utter a word a loud shout from down the street causes them all to look up.
“So?” John asked, shifting uncomfortably and causing his knee to bash with Sherlock’s.
John spins around suddenly. "Shut up. You don't get to say anything. You don't care so just leave it."
John turns his head, yawning, looks down into the soft dark curls on his chest. His mind is still clouded with sleep, and it’s so quiet he could fall back into unconsciousness at any moment.
"Oh, hi John!" Sherlock spins round to greet him with a grin, next to him Teddy stands with a bloodied knife and a sheepish expression on his blood splattered face.
Sherlock’s eyes open a sliver to give John a side-along look from behind his raised shin.
John bats his hand away in irritation, gripping the back of Sherlock’s neck once again and tugging his head forward to rest their foreheads together in an imitation of the moment earlier.
“Quick mover. You work for the FBI?” Teddy had joked.
“I do, I do, I'm in love with you,” Sherlock had muttered, turning his face to the side so that he was murmuring into the man’s neck.
Sherlock glances quickly at John, before looking back to his friend. “No.”
"I know you got Teddy's watch back," he attempts a different approach, "That was really great of you. It meant a lot to him."
John reaches in one palm and feels the heat and hardness hiding underneath Sherlock’s boxers, and
“I believe lunch will be served soon, if you will be joining us.”
“The truth!” John didn’t really understand why he was now shouting, but he knew it must be important.
“Well, I better be off,” Teddy moves to stand before pausing. He glances at Sherlock’s door then back at John. “Mate,” he smiles a bit sadly, “open your eyes.” He then gives John a pointed look and makes his way up and towards his coat which is hanging off the back of John’s chair. John watches him with glazed eyes, mind elsewhere and heart thudding.
A particularly load wail hits his ears and he relaxes marginally. Definitely a woman. Sherlock must be with a client.
And as he passes John’s chair, he does something John has never experienced before. He pats John on the shoulder.
“Untangling fairy lights, I know, but why?”
John stares at him, can’t stop his thoughts from racing and jumping to awful questions and even worse conclusions. Is he only doing this to fulfill some sort of sick fantasy, suppressed and ignored for so many years that he had forgotten its existence?
John tries to imagine Sherlock leaving, wants to imagine it. Wants to see if he can stand the thought. Imagines him just going away. Of waking up in the morning and finding Sherlock wasn’t sleeping silently after all but was, in fact, gone. John grunts as an awful stab of nausea hits his gut and he rolls over, pulling his legs up to his chest to relieve it.
Before he can, John reaches out and grabs his bicep harshly. Sherlock glances back, eyebrows raised. The grin slides off his face as he reads the expression on John’s face. John shakes his head at him minutely, crushed and angry. Sherlock’s eyebrows knit together for a moment before that same lost look appears on his face from the night before. John lets out an explosive breath and his grip tightens on his arm for a second before he lets it go. Only to reach out again a second later as Sherlock slowly moves to enter the room again. He tugs the detective backwards slightly and steps around him, entering the room first.
They took him to the station, where lo and behold, his parents were frantically trying to communicate to a harried looking young officer by scribbling down the boy’s appearance on a scrap of paper. The boy ran immediately to them, wrapping his small arms around his mother’s legs and she flinched in surprise before whimpering and falling onto her knees gathering the child into her arms. The father placed a hand over his eyes in relief for a moment before gripping the child’s face between his large hands and leaning down to place a lingering kiss on top of his head. The three began signing to each other fluidly, much faster than Sherlock had been.
Sherlock spots him immediately, eye’s drawn to him like a moth to a bulb.
“Toby and Evie seem nice,” John blurts, leaning back abruptly, wanting to change the subject.
Sherlock had tried to explain that it didn’t matter, that he didn’t
“What do you mean?” Sherlock asks absently. He glances up, one dark eyebrow raised. “You don’t know me.”
Sherlock stands abruptly and stretches, arms raised above his head. “Better get ready for work then,” he says amicably. “Come along, John. I’ll see if I can locate you a coat to borrow.”
. Has
“‘Ours’? You live together?” John asks in surprise. Jesus, it hadn't been that long since the two of
“Good night, then?” John asks, relenting and allowing Sherlock to reclaim the mug, who gives him a disgustingly smug look. “Yeah, but now who’s going to get the blame for the mess?” John murmurs quietly to him, pointing with one finger to the puddle on the table and then the cup grasped in pale hands. Sherlock gives him an exaggerated look of betrayal, then deposits the mug back down next to Victor’s hand.
so angry. He tries again.
and Sherlock would scowl and roll his eyes.
of home-video footage from their childhood with Sherlock a few weeks ago. None of which, by the way, had any sign of their young sister which can only mean to John that Mycroft had spent a huge proportion of time meticulously erasing her existence from the films.
,” Sherlock repeats quietly over and over, huffing hot breath into John’s groin.
The brother grows up to adopt the mannerisms of the girl lost in his mind, suppressing all emotion and desire, finding solace and comfort in hard fact and science. Another act of self-preservation. Fascinating. The man lives an adventurous but lonely life, utterly unaware of what could have been, traumatised by an event that he cannot remember.
“Sherlock?” Victor casts a questioning look at his friend.
“More wine, John?”
John blinks, comes back to himself.
John opens his mouth, closes it. Opens it again. “Thank you,” he murmurs eventually, at a loss.
smile.”
watching Alfie being put in his place and then stumble out a lighthearted apology.
, it’s a story about love!” from Rudy muffles as the door shuts quietly behind him.
Sherlock was in the living room, wrapped in a blanket, watching Jeremy Kyle with an intense expression when John shuffled in. They had finished a two week case the day before and were supposed to be rewarding themselves with a day of doing sweet nothing.
Sherlock’s hands grip hard onto the edge of the sink behind him, tilting his head back with a deep groan that sounds too-loud in the echo of the bathroom. He reaches out with one hand and quickly slaps it over John’s mouth as if
John’s eyes snap open. “Wha-?” Above him is a cloudless sky, the blue drowning him. It’s partly hiding behind green and John blinks to focus. Leaves. He’s lying under a tree.
They called themselves Redbeard and Bluebeard, and Sherlock didn’t even complain about the fact it was impossible to grow a blue beard. He wore the name with pride, and when Mummy bought him a captains hat, he demanded she go back to the shop to buy another one.
The soft steps are drawing closer, agonisingly slow.
John starts, darting a look over his shoulder where Sherlock has materialised behind him, murmuring in his ear loud enough to be heard over the music but quiet enough so no one else hears. Large hands brace themselves on John’s hips and he sucks in a little breath. Sherlock’s thumbs slide into his belt loops, tugging playfully at the tight denim.
“John, just calm down-“
John doesn’t look up. “Of course. Can’t I come and see you without a reason?”
John’s eyes follow the curve of his back, watches the sharp shoulder blades shift under his shirt.
“Nǣfre leifling, I’m just putting things away.”
“What the hell does that mean?!” demanded John in exasperation.   “You’re expendable?” At Sherlock’s nod of admission, John exclaimed in disbelief, “My God, you must have done something pretty big to piss-off the British government to that degree!”
When Sherlock finally came up for air, John managed to squeak out only, "Yes, Sherlock, I…." before his mouth was claimed once more.
The camp was silent.  It hadn’t been a sound that disturbed him… but John was alert, awoken by something. Then he felt it, a soft brushing against his cheek… he opened his eyes in the semi-darkness to find Sherlock’s face near his own, his expression a study in fascination as he stroked his long fingers lightly over the beard growth on John’s chin.
How exquisite Sherlock’s soft, yielding skin felt! Scenting was not enough! John wanted to touch and taste! Without thought he began to press urgent, thirsty kisses to Sherlock’s cheeks and neck.  Sherlock didn’t resist, he was seemingly caught up in a spell of his own, offering his exposed skin to John unreservedly.  His submission was just as intoxicating as the taste of his skin to John, if not more so! John growled in fierce pleasure and doubled his efforts, trying to explore as much as he could of Sherlock while at the same time lingering on one sweet spot. He managed both at once; tracing with eager fingers the heated path left on Sherlock’s neck by his lips, marveling at the effect his touch was having on Sherlock, his skin so cool and smooth before John’s kisses yet so sensitive and heated after.
Sherlock disengaged the wall and moved cautiously to stand behind John.  He said quietly, “John, may I help you? I would like to.”
John almost sagged with relief when he heard the soft click of the door latching, signaling Sherlock’s return. He said nothing about his concern though, forcing himself to call casually around the kitchen partition, “Dinner’s ready, have a seat.”
John chuckled in amusement, “I feel the same way about army rations, leifling.  But please don’t think all of my peoples’ food tastes as bad!”
“God, your roommate is a dick!” Elizabeth hissed at John, standing and reaching for her bag and coat. “Call me if you ever get rid of the bastard. No, on second thought, don’t call me. Ever again. Both of you can go to hell!”
“Yése, Ælfric.” Sherlock’s voice was barely audible.
Sherlock felt relieved, John's sincerity was obvious. So he hugged and kissed John thoroughly, gave him a lascivious wink and reluctantly left.
“Come to me, little one. I want to help you.”
The room was damp and chilled, hardly suitable for an ill patient. John glanced around hoping to find a source of warmth and to his relief saw a gas fireplace. He pulled off his coat, the lining of which was dry, and laid it on the room’s only couch. He then eased Blackburn down into a reclining position on the cushions. He pushed the seat closer to the fire, which he lit before bending to re-examine his patient.
“I’m not armed. You’ll see, I swear it.” John’s voice sounded nervous.
Lestrade glanced from one to the other with amused interest. "Alright," he nodded and leaned back in his chair, "Gimme then."
"You know what?" he tried again, "I'm a doctor and you probably know that doctors help people, right? If you look at me you'll see."
Lestrade, who had been concentrating his attention on Sherlock turned to John and saw immediately Sherlock's cause for concern. John's face was pale and his hands were beginning to tremble. He was obviously becoming upset.
Before long they came upon what looked, in the feeble light available, to be a maintenance shack, set back from the river and obviously deserted. At the door, although it seemed to be with some reluctance, Sherlock did pass the sleeping child to John so he could pick the lock and open the door − in almost complete darkness, John noted with admiration.
“Have you ever told anyone else about what happened, Sherlock?”
“Shhh, Shhh, it’s alright sweetheart, it’s just a natural part of me, just John…and I’m yours now, to do with whatever you want, remember? I’m not going to do anything with my cock that you don’t ask me to, I promise Sherlock.”  He pulled himself away but continued to press kisses onto Sherlock’s face and mouth.  “Mmmmm, you taste so good!”
"I caught up with Mycroft after he left this afternoon and threatened that if he ever so much as hinted to you that I wanted a bond, I would play the video I have of him singing karaoke at Grannie's 80th birthday. I told him he could look forward to his moving rendition of "To All the Girls I've Loved Before," being played on the wall of the Diogenes Club on 'all members day'. At full volume."
The counting worked.  John’s ferocity melted away and he watched with tender affection as Sherlock, lying wilted on the sheets beside him, finally opened his eyes to look around for John.  When he found him, he smiled, said, “I love you, John,” in a rough whisper and closed his eyes again.  John grinned to himself; obviously a short rest was in order.
"As I love you, John. Now let us go home."
“No.”
John cursed his bad luck at being ordered to visit this particular God-forsaken outpost of the war. It wasn’t on his usual field-hospital circuit but the camp’s regular doctor had been abruptly discharged from the army on the day John was to depart from headquarters; discharged for conduct unbefitting an officer John had heard. This hadn’t surprised him. Captain Moran had been a sadistic bastard whose reprehensible behaviour had obviously finally caught up with him.  But it was as a result of Moran’s dismissal that John found himself in the middle of a wasteland at the outermost edge of the war, stuck there until replacement medical services could be flown in.
His arms back in the air, John shouted, “Don’t shoot, I’m unarmed! I’m unarmed!” His voice sounded panic stricken.
John knew the place when he saw it and ran. It was a portion of tube line, covered at one end and barricaded off for repair. Access to it was between two shops, now closed for the day.
“This…this isn’t your usual shower gel…” John drew a breath…
Here John hesitated in his examination. Below the kick mark, he could see Sherlock growing erect rapidly and obviously becoming aroused; he arched his back and twisted his body restlessly, murmuring “John…” in a tone that, had John not already been on his knees, would most certainly have put him there.
Did anyone know about this or had John borne it alone? Almost certainly John had been alone: isolation of the victim was a defining feature of this type of crime. And the thought of the man he had seen tonight suffering alone year after year made what he had witnessed all the more terrible.
“The next time Mycroft found me, I was by the stream in the wood, pretending I was a pirate and had rescued a sailor.  My sailor and I were going to stay together forever; he thought I was brilliant and brave.” Sherlock stilled before saying, “Nanny felt a stronger form of discouragement was needed.  She had a recipe for a compound of wintergreen, peppers and mustard seed.  Have you heard of a poultice pouch, John?  It is a very effective punishment.  I never touched myself again.”
ic i ámundae − I am protecting or defending
Despite his physical symptoms, Sherlock’s expression was calm. He was not rattled in the slightest bit, in fact, just the opposite; in the dim light of the dashboard an expression of interest was clear on his face. John reflected not for the first time, that there was nothing ordinary about his passenger.
At Sherlock's pained expression he said, "I'm sorry Sherlock, but sometimes I'm still insecure. I should know better by now; you treat me with so much love, like I'm the most important person in the world. And I'm getting better, I am, but sometimes I still doubt myself."
John smiled through his tears at Sherlock's tense expression, "Yes, yes, Sherlock, thank you, thank you so much. You can't imagine what this means to me. How…happy this makes me. I can say good-bye now and…thank him. I'm sure it sounds strange," he looked at Sherlock hesitantly, "but after he was with me, I wasn't lonely any more, I talked to him every day about the things we would do together after he was born and how happy we'd be…and I want to tell him how sorry I am too that I couldn't protect him, couldn't stop him from being hurt the way a father is supposed to do. I need to ask for his forgiveness Sherlock…" John was sobbing once more, deep gulping gasps racking his body as he bent over under the weight of his grief and regret.
It was none of his business, of course, and he was treading on thin ice, but John had not liked the smug, oily tones of the investment banker or the sad expression that had fleetingly crossed Sherlock’s face when Sebastian had ridiculed him about his reputation at uni. It was obvious to John that despite Sherlock’s claim that he didn’t care what others thought of him, he did care what Sebastian thought, or at least, he had cared at some point in the past. John had tried to ignore the interaction between the two but it seemed he couldn’t. He felt tense and restless, unable to let it go.
“Yes!” he exclaimed, “yes, I am a friend of the elves!”
John’s job was made difficult because, despite his grave condition, Blackburn demonstrated tremendous physical and mental stamina. As his strength returned in small increments he began to struggle fiercely against his impairment. It was all John could to keep him calm. He managed it only by maintaining an ongoing commentary, aloud, describing to Blackburn the incremental improvements in his condition. The man was a scientist, John reasoned, so even as disoriented as he was, he would find the information reassuring.
John gave himself a mental shake. Clearly he'd been on the wrong track all together with this erection business... He rapidly collected his wits; it seemed that Sherlock had woken up to discover himself aroused and hard and...he was asking John to do something about it.
John grinned. “No worries. It’s not the first time I’ve been told to do that.”
Looking up at him uncertainly, Sherlock asked, “Do your people not feed themselves, Ælfric?”
"Well…I, um, like to cook…"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Where are your gloves?"
Blackburn was stable.  He would sleep now for a number of hours, so John rose slowly and made his way to the small loo adjoining their room where he had a quick shower and changed his clothes.  He emerged a short time later, clean shaven and dressed in basic jeans and a T-shirt.  Even at that he didn’t look quite ordinary; the outline of his army id tags was visible against his chest under the T-shirt and the squared, hard set of his shoulders betrayed tension, also reflected in his facial expression.
To John’s startlement however, Sherlock’s delicate features twisted in distress and he recoiled away from John’s touch. John knew better; of course Sherlock’s first thought would be that he had been recaptured by his abductors, but it was more than John could take. Before he knew what was happening he was consumed by a blaze of fierce possessiveness; he tried to supress it but Sherlock’s rejection and the wildly provoking scent of rival alphas on his omega’s body were too much. Despite himself he began almost shaking Sherlock and, in a harsh voice he didn’t recognize as his own, demanding, “Why?! What happened?! What did they do to you?!”
, he's Batman!"
Sherlock moaned and shook once more in John’s arms. A warm slick of lubricant, sweet scented and seductive, flowed over John’s fore arm where he was cradling Sherlock on his lap. It was so potent and compelling that it caused John to tremble and cling to him, groaning helplessly and delving deeply into Sherlock’s mouth with his own. When he finally pulled away it was to pant heavily in Sherlock’s ear, “Oh God, Sherlock! God, I want you so badly!”
John, his usual defenses against such deliberate attempts by Sherlock to seductively charm him in public weakened, was overcome by a wave of helpless admiration. Un-bloody believable, he thought, this extraordinary man will never cease to amaze me.
The youth froze and stared up at John. Tears gathered in his eyes.
"For God's sake, Sherlock!" exclaimed Mycroft in exasperation.
Sherlock was certain that John did not know of his special biology, probably no one did, certainly not his ex-husband. Sherlock grated his teeth; he hated the man more for what he had done to John now that he knew of John’s unique sensitivity. And John’s father likely never asked his youngest son about his biology either.
John probed his mystery patient’s ankle carefully; it was swollen and twisted, certainly sprained, if not broken.  The omega was severely dehydrated too; this was the likely cause of unconsciousness and the racing heartbeat.  He was also extremely thin; John added malnourished to the list of diagnoses.
His words seemed to help.  Sherlock’s breathing began to slow and tension began to leave his body. John held him close, stroking his back and encouraging him to settle.
Sherlock had been here and recently.  His scent was present.  But it led nowhere… it was as if he had evaporated into thin air…
scholasticus − scholar
John sighed, "Anyway, I looked around but there was nothing in the foyer to write on so I looked into the nave where I saw a table with some leaflets on it. I stepped in to pick one up and just as I did…"
The doctor was calm and unhurried in his examination of John. He poked, prodded and asked questions, gently inspected the bump on John's head, shone a light in his eyes and drew some blood from John's arm which he tested in a small tube. He then asked Sherlock to get a glass of water for John, if he would please, and when Sherlock left the room he turned to speak to John, a hand on his shoulder.
Sherlock didn’t comply immediately.  He sighed before he reached slowly to accept the phone, “If you insist, John.” He squinted, his vision not completely normal yet, and pecked out a series of numbers on the screen with his elegant fingers.  He put the phone to his ear and waited.
"Sherlock−" John dissolved into tears.
Sherlock's response was so unexpectedly subdued that John looked at him sharply. He softened his tone, “I can understand wanting to clean up, Sherlock; we can run your clothes through the washer too if you like.”
John spoke first. “Since they know we are in Foxley, our…followers will have guessed that Welford is where we were headed. Our best chance of throwing them off our trail is to go nowhere; to stay here in Foxley.” He glanced at Sherlock who, despite the warmth of the car heater was beginning to tremble. “They won’t expect it and it’s better for you; any activity right now will set your progress back. I know someone in the village; we’ll have to drop in unannounced.”
"John, what time did you get up?"
"I can't help it Sherlock! If only I'd not gone to the church in the first place, if only I'd stayed in the foyer when I got there…if only I could have caught my balance before I fell..."
John was quiet but he nodded. He then looked up at Sherlock as though about to say something but stopped, and reaching, touched his cheek lightly. "You're sad." He sounded puzzled, "Why are you crying, Sherlock?"
Sherlock didn’t break his pace. He said, “I agree John, but I’d like to put a bit more distance between us and the warehouse…”
“Good.” John nodded approvingly. He picked up their assailant’s weapon from the floor, added it to his own which was tucked in his belt and dragged their attacker’s body over to the closet where he shoved it unceremoniously inside and closed the door. The body hidden, he scanned the room for anything left behind that might indicate who it was that had stayed there.
"Mmmm? What is it?"
“Never mind what I might have, Sherlock, you’re the patient here! Now, start breathing from your abdomen, not your mouth and you’ll feel a lot better!” John pressed firmly on Sherlock’s belly to force him to start breathing from his diaphragm.
...............................
When he got no response; Sherlock hadn’t moved, he only sighed slightly, John continued, “I’m still wondering how they found us; they must have had a car at every cross-road between Foxley and London to have intercepted us on this route. But for that, they’d have to have called out every resource in the country, which is impossible…” John’s brow furrowed.  “Even if it is the case, then how... and why!?”
John rose from his knees with a wide smile and found himself suddenly wrapped in a fierce hug.  He was almost lifted off his feet as Sherlock held him tight and exclaimed, “I love you, John!” against his neck.
John drew a shaking breath and nodded so Sherlock gently tugged John’s pyjamas down and off. Mindful of John’s frustration he didn’t stop too long to gaze at him, although he very much wanted to…for John’s lower body was a perfect as his upper. Even his feet were entrancing; they definitely must be explored very soon…and to Sherlock’s delight more freckles for him to kiss and count adorned John’s thighs. He didn’t think John would appreciate attention to his freckles at that moment though, so he turned his attention upward.
His body was rigid with distress, his breathing reduced to sharp gasps, dragged in when his lungs rebelled and demanded air. "I wanted to see him, Sherlock, I wanted to hold him. I wanted to tell him how much I loved him, even if he was already gone. But they wouldn't give him to me. Oh God, I never even saw him! He didn't get to hear me tell him how much I loved him. He never knew!" John's last words were a wail of anguish.
In the late afternoon Sherlock was finalizing some experiment notes when John appeared in the living room doorway. He hesitated uncomfortably and seemed to be trying to say something so Sherlock smiled encouragingly and waited.
At the touch of the gun and the sound of John’s quiet voice ordering him to get into the car, Blackburn froze, but only for a moment. After the brief hesitation he cooperated without protest, to John’s surprise - although targets were always somewhat unpredictable in their responses. Blackburn slid obediently into the front passenger seat and lowered his head to his knees when ordered to do so. He was still and silent as John secured his wrists behind his back and, keeping his weapon to Blackburn’s head, accessed the driver’s seat using the back passenger door and climbing between the seats.
“You said it yourself, I almost killed you, Sherlock!”
"Sherlock, about this morning−" Before he could finish his sentence he was interrupted.
Iċ i firmette – I am begging
Lestrade grinned and let himself out of the flat.
Lestrade sighed heavily. "Yes, alright. On with it then…"
The silence in the vehicle drew out as John Watson and his captive left the city centre and drove steadily toward the outskirts of West London. It was finally broken by Blackburn, who, his face still pressed to his knees, asked curiously, “Who are you?”
An hour later, soothing violin music floating from the living room and the appetizing aromas of ginger and citrus wafting from the kitchen, John placed two plates of steaming lemon chicken with rice and gingered pea pods on the table. He cleared his throat awkwardly and as Sherlock turned from the window toward him, he indicated self-consciously that Sherlock should sit.
“Alright. I understand,” said John, although, of course he didn’t, not at all.
So still holding Sherlock’s hand he drew him down the hall and back into his bedroom.  Breakfast could wait.
Arrogant SOB, thought Neilson as he left the office.  But he was phoning Robert Trenholm before he reached the elevators.
John returned to their room from his trip to the kitchen with a pot of tea, two mugs, two covered bowls of vegetable beef soup, and two buttered rolls on a tray.  He set the tray on the small desk in front of the window in their room.  A brief glance at Blackburn indicated that he was once again asleep.
John was prepared. “Sex has been important to me but not really as an end unto itself. I mean, it’s more like a means to an end. It’s an important way to communicate commitment…and love…to someone. That’s why it’s important to me but there are ways, other than sex, to communicate and share feelings with someone you love.”
Expecting a caustic comment of some sort but hearing nothing, John paused his two-fingered typing to glance casually up at Sherlock only to freeze in his chair.
He grinned and quickly peeled it off, tossing it aside and pressing his bare chest to John’s with a groan of pleasure. He wanted nothing more than to press as much of his body as he could to John beneath him, but hazily decided that that might be overwhelming for John, so instead, he rolled himself onto his back, taking John with him and began to run a long arm down and over John’s rounded bum.
There were no lakes or pools in the dry wasteland they were encamped in.  The only thing close to it would be a bathtub.  Certain he was understanding the boy’s pleas correctly, John detached the IV drip, gathered him up and turned to carry him into the tent’s main sleeping quarters.  There was a full bath there, not that John had used it himself, but he’d noted it when he arrived.  Moran seemed to have secured luxuries for himself beyond those available in any other camp John had seen, including a full bathroom and bedroom. John hadn’t used either; he preferred the shower and cot in the anteroom for his temporary quarters. The more distance from Moran the better, any thought of the man only made him angry.
“Oh?”
Sherlock tried to obey, managing a stuttered gulp of air which he then seemed unable to exhale. John rubbed his back, “Breathe out now, Sherlock.” Sherlock obeyed with a sharp exhale. In this manner they continued, John leading Sherlock, coaching him until he was breathing almost normally. As he calmed, Sherlock’s pain seemed to subside leaving him limp and shivering slightly.
“Who the hell is your handler anyway, Sherlock!?”
Mycroft? Is that really fair to the child?
“Oh dear! Is she still here? Goodness, how awkward.” Sherlock strolled into the living room and gazed dispassionately at Elizabeth, the subject of his comments, who was sitting, by now rigid with outrage, on the sofa beside John.
“Oh, my poor, sweet love.  Here, come here.” John crooned, putting his arms around him, “It’s okay, I understand. I would have been terrified too, Sherlock.  Is that why you have such a hard time sleeping even now?”
Sherlock arched an eyebrow at John. He wore what John was coming to realize was his usual brash expression, but John could see from the pallor of his skin and the weakness in his posture that his prisoner was still far from well.
“What is it with you and food?!” Sherlock frowned at John and exclaimed, “I suffered a drug overdose! Not starvation!”
Sherlock voice shook slightly, “I watched you sleeping John. I opened the curtains so that I could see you in the sunlight; see your golden skin and hair.  You are so beautiful, John!  If you want to…could we go back to bed and lie together?  I want to touch your skin, I wanted to earlier but I didn’t want to wake you.”
“Would you like a bath, Sherlock? I can help you wash and we’ll see where you’re hurt.”
The door of 221 B was flung wide, startling John so he almost banged his head on an open cupboard door. It was December returning from school, making his usual enthusiastic entrance to the flat; today clutching a handful of Christmas candies and a tin of homemade shortbread cookies given to him by Mrs. Hudson.
John cleaned the youth's face and then swirled water through the matted tangles of his hair until it flowed freely; waving around his head in a darkly shining halo.  As much in a soft trance as his patient, he worked his way down the youth's arms with small strokes, finally reaching his hands and long thin fingers.
As the seconds passed, an unfamiliar emotion began to steal over John.  Of all the men, women and children, military or civilian, that he had treated, operated on, cured, or saved, somehow it was becoming increasingly important to him, more so than it ever had been, that this one boy, this barely-alive creature beneath his hands, should live. He sat in stillness staring down at the youth, willing him not to give in to his injuries and illness.  He had a sense that for this patient, medical science would not be the determining factor between life and death; that something else was needed.  The sensation was so strong that almost without realizing it, he began to do something he hadn’t done in many years; he began to pray.  He prayed not for safe passage from this world into the next that the youth had asked of him, but instead for the boy’s life to be saved.  Silently he recited the heartfelt request to Eallwealdend, the omnipotent God of his grandmother’s conviction, and too, to his beloved ealdmóder herself.  If anyone would hear his prayer it would be her.  He smiled.  His certainty grew as he repeated the not-forgotten words that his grandmother had taught him, into the night like a silent song.
John was maintaining an internal monologue as the agent approached and began to search him.
“But Ælfric, you do not know; others did live… I found their trail, iċ i  æfterfylge, I followed them − to go with them, of course, but they were too far ahead of me.  I could not catch up to them before they reached the firgenbeorg.”
John spoke once more, his voice still a whisper. "What do you want?"
And so they stayed for some time, lost in one another, in the softly shadowed entryway of the cathedral, secluded from the open nave and intimate for being so; the ideal place for glorious first kisses and whispers of new love.
“That’s right, myn lykyng. In fact, I find that danger prefers to avoid me.”  John had removed his side-arm and stripped off his T-shirt to avoid getting them wet and was lifting Sherlock from the tub and wrapping him in a towel when he murmured this toward his ear. He was rewarded with a small smile and a damp, soft cheek pressed against his chest.
(See the end of the chapter for
Watson’s posture stiffened. For the first time Graves saw a flicker of emotion in his eyes. And it wasn’t a nice one. “The target is working with QAT?”
“Sherlock.”
He’d seen every symptom before; starting with his Omega sister Harriet, at age 13.
Sherlock was wearing one of John’s T-shirts and nestled in his sleeping bag which John had un-zipped and lay atop the bed.  John wasn’t sure why he hadn’t just placed Sherlock between the bed sheets; there was no reason not to, for the bed was freshly made up, but he had had the irresistible desire to put Sherlock in his own sleeping bag – there would be time enough later to think about why he might feel so − Sherlock had had a drink of water but he’d had nothing to eat for the time being.  Food could wait until the ankle and the forehead were taken care of, John reasoned.
“Hmmmm?”
Blackburn’s condition was not good. His central nervous system was inexplicably depressed; his breathing was shallow and his blood pressure low. Examination completed, John stepped back from his patient to rest one hand on his hip and the other on the car door. He observed Blackburn. John was puzzled. If he didn’t know it was impossible he would have diagnosed the man as suffering from a drug overdose.
“What? Oh fine.  Fine.  I’ve heated some soup for us.  Um…sit down and I’ll pour you a cup.”
When John didn’t answer, Sherlock spoke again, slowly, “An….acquaintance... of mine once pointed out that someone can walk through in hell and still be on the side of the angels, John.”
“Sherlock! Would you please try to be a little bit more careful?! Not that I don’t enjoy shooting murderers and patching you up, I do, it makes me nostalgic for the old days when I was still Alpha enough to do such things, but seriously, this time you’ve sustained a life-threatening injury!”
“But I want to touch you, Sherlock…”
John brought a hand up to stoke Sherlock’s hair. “Of course, you always have me, my love. Always.”
Lestrade and his team had spent the last three hours searching for information on Harvey Smith in all the databases at their disposal, of which there were many. A great deal of unpleasant information about the man had emerged. Although Harvey had never been arrested or charged with an offence, he was the subject of a number of criminal incident reports (including several for partner assault and battery) in Birmingham, Coventry, Bristol and Leeds; his last four cities of residence. In addition, MI6 was very interested in his role as manager of several of his father's lucrative security contracts with some very unsavoury foreign dictators. It seemed that both his and his father's arrests for violations of international law and security sanctions had been imminent.
John conducted a careful examination of the room for anything that might indicate where Sherlock had gone after he’d escaped his bonds. He found nothing related to Sherlock, but to his further disgust and anger he found evidence that others had been in the room before Sherlock. There were numerous spots of dried blood, for although the walls and floor had been cleaned, faint reddish stains were still visible. There were two metal rings in the floor and fragments of rope, overlooked during cleaning, in the corners of the room under the sinks. On another wall near the floor he found scratch marks where perhaps a captive had tried to inscribe letters or a word. Sick to his stomach; he knew without a doubt that he was in a chamber of unspeakable horrors; a sadistic psychopath’s private playroom.
“He’s coming toward you now; move and I’ll shoot you!”
John smiled reassuringly, “Nothing, Ælfscíene. Trust me to protect you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John finally calmed to quiet weeping and then stillness. Sherlock hoped he might sleep as before but instead, unexpectedly he spoke. "I can tell you what happened in the church."
Glossery
John, on high alert, answered casually, “I don’t really know, Sherlock. Everyone is different. I can really only speak for myself.”
Blackburn was semi-conscious. He resisted the touch of John’s cool hands on his neck with an uncoordinated fist that narrowly missed John’s nose.
“Is that okay, Sherlock, that I am sexually attracted to you?” he asked.
John looked up at him in adoration. “Starving,” he answered.
The smile was accompanied by a proud, "He's like me John. He prefers motion to stillness. You see? He's sleeping easily now."
The room was in almost complete darkness when Blackburn stirred awake again. John rose from his chair and turned on the desk light.
Instantly awake he looked around to find that Sherlock was just across the room. He appeared to be pacing although not with his usual frenetic energy. He held his coat bundled in his arms containing, John could only assume, December.
John poured tea happily and urged Sherlock to a chair. He piled Sherlock's plate high with food and sat down across from him expectantly.
If John wasn’t mistaken there was an unusual tremor in Sherlock’s voice, barely detectable but it caused John even more concern. He opened the door and went in, setting the tea on the nightstand and turning to Sherlock.
“Yése, Ælfric.”
“The most dangerous man you’ll ever meet. I tried to tell you not to call him,” Sherlock muttered and glared down at concrete surface of the garage.
Once back on the sofa with the biscuits and tea, Sherlock realized that perhaps he hadn’t thought through all the possible outcomes of his experiment sufficiently, for he found that he spent the rest of the evening uncomfortably aroused himself. Lifting his eyebrows ruefully ceiling ward, he hugged John close to him and decided that discomfort or not, the experiment had been worth it.
John trod heavily on the vehicle’s brakes at a traffic light which had turned red while he was distracted by his thoughts. He cursed as both he and Blackburn lurched forward on the front seat. John braced himself with the steering wheel, but Blackburn’s head made hard contact with the car’s dash. With a sharp exclamation of pain Blackburn slumped sideways. John’s reaction to aid him was instinctive. He thrust the vehicle’s transmission into park−a safe enough action, for the intersection was deserted at four-thirty in the morning−and he reached for Blackburn with an exclamation of “Alright?!”
"What then, love, what is it?"
“Iċ i sáre.”
John reached the entrance of his tent in a few short seconds, halting silently alongside the door, taking up a stealth position with gun raised, listening – and scenting.  If Moran was inside and near Sherlock, he was about to die. John’s focus had narrowed to one deadly objective; neutralize the threat to his omega.
He stared, his expression twisted with conflicting emotions. Then he whispered, “I want you John. I need you. Please.”
John, sitting at the table composing a shopping list, jerked his head up in time to see Sherlock reach for his mobile as if to send a text. Sherlock never made it. John sprang from his seat, his face contorted with fury, and launched himself across the room in a violent tackle to flatten Sherlock onto his back on the sofa seat where he sat astride him and pinned his shoulders to the cushions with painful pressure. His eyes bored into Sherlock’s and he hissed, “Go ahead Sherlock! Do it! And while you’re at it, add a P.S. from me to Sebastian Wilkes…” John spat out the name, “…letting him know that it will be his last 10 seconds on earth, because I’ll blow his head off before he gets in the door of the flat, the bastard!”
John spoke in a rush, “Are you sure you don’t want me, Sherlock? I know Gaia Omega are weak and needy and not suited to your lifestyle but I can adapt, I can be self-sufficient and a good mate. I will do whatever you want if you let me stay…please...” he was looking at the floor and speaking in a whisper.
Sherlock had entered quietly enough, remembering that noise might scare the child, but too quickly. He heeded John’s caution at once, stopping where he stood.
Sherlock rose immediately from where he'd been looking into his microscope while John made tea and lifted the boy high into the air, candy and all; whirling in circles as he did so.
The flare of arousal he felt as his hand encountered John’s slickness and throbbing heat undid him; John felt so achingly ready that Sherlock, despite his intention to hold back, found himself helplessly stoking John’s entrance with purposeful fingers; an instinctive act of preparation for mating. John’s response was electric; he moaned, arched and buried his face in Sherlock’s neck, clenching eagerly against Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock, overwhelmed by the powerful drive to mate, pulled John to him fiercely and inserted an insistent finger into him; an unmistakable Alpha demand for Omega submission. John shuddered with pleasure as his body obeyed Sherlock’s command by relaxing and releasing a hot flush of his natural lubricant over Sherlock’s hand. He then lay still, on his belly, breathing shallowly, with his thighs parted, waiting for his Alpha to claim him.
Sherlock who had been engrossed in his laptop, leapt up as if electrified, a vicious snarl erupting from his throat and confronted Lestrade who quickly raised his hands in a placating gesture and backed up toward the door, stunned surprise written on his face.
léodwynn – home joy, the joy that comes from being among one's own people
John tried in vain to seek solace in his search, staying close to Sherlock and Moriarty for a few years as he tried to find his beloved. Eventually however he gave up and turned to other locales to try to push his sentiment aside. He traveled to Summer, the city of the Solvanaar and tried to distract himself. He setup a small shop where he sold potions and herbs to the travelers who came and went, making only enough money to buy his products and rent a room in the inn. A few years went by with a few short letters finding their way to his Sire but no real contact had between the wounded mender and his coven.  One morning as John was closing down his shop he looked up at the sound of his name, smiling as a woman with brown hair came to a stop just outside the door.
"Kitty was completely deranged. This wasn't just vengeance for Moriarty; really I'm not even sure he was involved. I wanted him to be…" He sighed. "He may have been originally but this became about her anger. She dogged John after my death, so entirely fixated on seeing him suffer. She wrote articles for months after all of them focused on how he was apparently doing horrendous in coping with the loss of the fake genius. But eventually her editors got tired of her obsession; the people weren't buying the magazines anymore. They didn't care about poor old John Watson. Especially as they saw how loyal he was to my memory, it began to sway people away from the lies Moriarty had built. So she was fired and couldn't get new work. She refused to write about anything else so she seized on whatever memories she had left and enacted this scheme from the fragments. You see she had suffered so much because of John and I. Moriarty's attention so fixated on the ever present thorn in his side in me, John's blog taking away her stories about our various cases, the fact that I could make room in my life for John but he refused to give her anything at all. So she kidnapped John and gave him a slow acting muscle destroying poison that was a very diluted version of the same poison used by the cabbie." Sherlock's voice was tense and he sighed.
“Always… With you.” John groaned and as the sun washed over his body, his life drained away.
"I am. Elizabeth is a fine woman, John. I was wrong to consider her otherwise. She will make an excellent mother. Do you not like bloodwine? This is an excellently aged one, it was made from Sebastian's daughter's blood." He sounded friendly enough and though warnings blared in the back of John's mind he found himself inclined to take a deep drink.
John Watson-Holmes sighed contentedly as he sipped the cup of tea in his hands, his feet up on the coffee table and the head of his husband resting easily in his lap. His left hand carded through those brunette locks eliciting a soft sigh from Sherlock Holmes as he enjoyed an easy moment. The first in what felt like ages as they'd been running all over London for the last two weeks working on a series of cases. It was nice to have a moment to relax. They’d been sitting like this for the last half an hour, and though John’s tea was quite cold he was still enjoying the ministrations of drinking it while Sherlock rested and was in physical contact with him. The moment was punctured just then when the sound of a small child crying echoed through the flat. Both of them sighed softly and there was a tense moment as they silently argued about who would get up. Sherlock gave John puppy eyes and John smirked.
"I am glad to see you are awake and do not seem to have any long term damage." Mycroft said softly. He was clearly trying to brush off his anger.
-Her red hair was more copper colored than the last time, her eyes tired and weak, and her entire persona unkempt –
Sherlock’s voice faded and the connection broke. Before Mycroft could consider taking any action he realized, too late, the boat had been undocked and was setting sail. He clenched his fist and punch the crate in front of him in anger, breaking the wood.
"I have returned." John said tentatively as he entered the room, bowing his head and waiting for the anger that normally came.
do this to me?!" John shouted, his anger and grief spilling over.
“I would be no where else.”
"I..." He grunted as Sherlock's mouth moved lower and his tongue flicked across the hard nipple it found. "I understood the risks..."
"You sent him away!? Do you have any idea what he goes through to gain that time with you?!"
"You must understand that this is hard for us to believe, Lady Elizabeth.” He kept his voice as soft as he could as she looked up at him. Her eyes betraying fear that they would turn her away. “The words you spoke when last you visited this house harmed John more than I believe you currently comprehend. More than he would be willing to admit to you as he is gentler to your heart than I shall be. You undermined his entire recovery with the words you spoke to him last. You drove a knife in his heart where there should have been none. Due to the words you so easily cast out on your previous visit he took to a dark place in his own mind where he believed himself to be at fault for the dark things done to him. So while I appreciate that you do seem to have experienced a change of heart you must realize this is difficult for us to simply accept on your word alone." His gaze was firm as he settled back in his chair, watching Elizabeth closely. John however held her hand more tightly.
"I've been talking to you for ten minutes and I don't think you've…" He licked his lips slightly, trying to hide a slight tinge of embarrassment as he realized John had packed for him.
"Come on sleepy head, let's get you settled." John grinned and stood up slowly, aided by Sherlock as he did and nodded that he was taking Hamish to bed. "I'll be right back." He mouthed. Sherlock sighed and leaned back as John left the room.
“Hush cousin, you are wasting precious strength.” John forced out, his eyes glassed over.
. Harry’s death needs to be reinvestigated.”
“That won’t be necessary,” He laughed. “I know fair well that John has had an interest in you for some time now. You have my approval.” He smiled at John, offering only a nod.
"It's not like that. She is… was an attraction. She's a distraction. I don't love her." Sherlock said it quickly, without even registering
you, John. I know you were under the effects of the poisoned wine however I witnessed you under their effects previously and you were quite able to restrain yourself. James has informed me of every detail of what transpired and the way you threw yourself on him was not in accord with your previous behaviors." John stepped back just a fraction, finding comfort in the feel of the two bodies behind him.
"If we lose you, we'll never be okay." It was a childish thing to say but apparently it was the right thing because John caved. His body shrunk under the weight of the emotion that cracked him wide open once again.
"God you're tormenting me!" John gasped, groaning loudly.
There were candles and a bottle of wine on the table, clearly prepared before they'd arrived at the restaurant. Sherlock had planned this carefully, something that sent a jolt through John and caused him to blush again. The reality of the fact that John Watson was officially on a date with Sherlock Holmes settled into slowly into his mind as they both chose what they were going to pretend to eat. They sat in a comfortable but heavy silence for a long time as the weight of their thoughts seemingly bore down, forcing the air out of the room. John was suddenly all nerves and confusion, feeling like a young boy finally getting to be alone with his crush. He blushed as Sherlock's glance swept upward suddenly, catching him in the act of surveying his face. Sherlock was unable to stop the soft laugh that rose in his throat as John flushed like a guilty love struck teen.
, but for you it's so much more. It's accepting that you love
They were not fine. Two nights after returning to England Sherlock had informed John he could not sleep and settled himself onto the couch in their room. Then he'd gone still. John had tried everything he could think of to make Sherlock move or speak but nothing worked. Panic was overwhelming him and he was certain that he had done something wrong to upset Sherlock and now Sherlock was going to starve himself because of it. He tried splashing water on him, poking and prodding, trying to pull him off the couch, trying to kiss him and stroke him, nothing worked. When he tried drinking from Sherlock and received not a single motion from him, he resolved himself to try something more desperate. The most desperate thing he could think of, he would try to mind link with him. He knew as mates they shared a bond between their minds as well as their magic but Sherlock had not trained him on how to use it yet. John was desperately worried about Sherlock and ready to do whatever he could to ensure his mate was well so he resolved to search their mind link even though it was dangerous. He closed his eyes and focused until he felt Sherlock's aura where it contacted his own. He followed the path until he felt Sherlock's physical form and was able to find a link to his mind. As he focused he found himself inside a large multi-roomed space, Sherlock's mind palace. It was wide and echoing as he shouted for Sherlock. The force of his voice echoed and reverberated against the walls of the palace until he was forcibly removed from Sherlock's mind and his attention came crashing back down into his body. The force of which made him ache all over as if he had taken ill. He collapsed into a heap in the bed and barely had the strength to curl up under the blankets, pleading for Sherlock to do anything other than stay as still as a statue.
"What?" Mycroft feigned surprise.
"When I said later, I meant much later. Potentially never, really." Sherlock said calmly, in his normal tone. He didn't even look up at the Detective Inspector as he came to a rest near him.
"I'm not about to start believing that Mycroft is some sort of all knowing power." He giggled and his hand slipped up into Sherlock's hair. "And yet if you think about it here we are about to go back and solve a case. Our very first case. There's still a sort of magic about it, even if Mycroft bloody Holmes was the one that reunited us." John grinned.
"No. While that would be something to see, I think it would embarrass John to no end and I think it would send the wrong message. It's not you to just do something like that out in front of everyone."
So they had time, good. Sherlock tensed and moved to say something else when the man Mycroft had been speaking with at the party strode in through the door with Georgina and Jacob behind him.
"I approve highly of it. It is right and proper that he should have the benefit of someone with her experience, though it pains me that either of them had to suffer such injustices. No, brother, it is not their bond that injures me so. Rather it is the lack of attention to ours that harms me." Sherlock looked up, over the grounds as he tried to keep back the tears that threatened.
“Mycroft…” John began, before looking down himself. He tensed his right hand, a nervous habit he had developed since his time in captivity, frowning. “I appreciate the sentiment behind your words, however the damage done was extensive. You cannot deny that had you treated me as a proper Fledgling, Moran would not have gotten his hands on me.” Mycroft’s back stiffened and he looked almost as if he had been slapped, he bit his bottom lip several times as he tried to find something to say but was cut off when John began again. “I do not say this to injure you, only to show you the depth of what was done. Our closeness, what we had before, has been damaged and even I do not know the full extent of that damage.” John started to pace but froze when steps echoed in the hall.
"I'm paying my respects and saying goodbye, John," Irene Adler stood, no smile on her face as she did. Her voice even but her eyes clouded with some dark emotion. She was wearing a simple black dress, her pale skin and painted red lips gleaming. Her attention was fully on Sherlock as she moved her intention to close the gap between them cut off by the darkness in his eyes. Sherlock however stepped closer to John.
“I should think the Duke…” Moriarty began, John tensing as he did.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock took him this way and that as he tried to remap the entire outline of the estate in his mind. The silence between them was tense and forced, because John wasn't sure what sort of mood his husband was actually in. So he followed him quietly until he heard a crack of thunder. He sighed and looked at Sherlock, knowing that they were closer to the Gardener's Cottage than the guest manor.
Don't give up on me! I'm still here planning and writing!
"Sherlock, what can you possibly intend for us to do with only two changes of clothes?"
"On the couch in one of his brooding positions. He looked to have been there for some time. He responds to no one. I am afraid John is lost in between, he seems to have tried to mind link with Sherlock." She forced out in a breathless voice.
“Well, I believe I have nothing else to say then.” Mycroft tensed and turned, preparing to walk out of the room when he stopped and turned back to look at Sherlock. “I have a new position with several of the offices of the Queen, there may be issues that someone of your caliber,
"Please do not fight, I shall follow all of my training." He said hollowly.
“My family of course." He said quickly but both brother's fixed him with a piercing and knowing stare. "Alright, I just recalled when I first met Jim Moriarty. He is far more dangerous than you know.” John whispered, one hand wrapped around his shield. “He’s a Solvanar.” He looked up at them.
"I cared for him as much as I was able, Sherlock. He refused my care! His entire being was focused on you!" He growled, their eyes burning into each other's.
I have taken a few artistic liberties with the use of the German language and yes I know I straight translated much of it. My German skills are a bit rusty!
“I am sure you will find a way to pass the time.” John teased, smirking and raising an eyebrow.
"Eh, we can get it later..."
just had to show up. And she made it all so much worse..."
" Sherlock's voice was soft, the hallway was barren - just white walls with a concrete floor. John looked around at all the many doors leading off of it.
"Even after..." John whispered, his voice cracking.
“Do you understand what is going to happen now?” James laughed, Mary emerged from the shadows with a crossbow aimed at John. “You have been poisoned Sherlock. Made to believe that John is your mate, when really it is me.” James hoisted him up, smiling as Sherlock went pliant in his arms.
." Sherlock moved so fluidly that he was suddenly on his knees in front of John, surprising him slightly. His eyes exactly level with John's and searching for the truth in every movement he made. He was analyzing John. He felt Sherlock slip his hand over his wrist, feeling his pulse. Sherlock felt childish but he
"Something tells me you don't." Sherlock stopped, not daring to believe the small feeling of hope growing in his chest. "I don't want you to leave, Sherlock. But you told me you would try not to lie to me and now you've told me a lie for the second time. Is…" Sherlock's gaze returned to John's as he slowly slipped back into the chair beside the bed. A pained look flicked across John's face and it made Sherlock's breath hitch. "Would you rather be with her?"
" Before he could finish his statement the door to the study flew open and slammed hard into the wall. John jolted awake, panic clear on his face as he tried to ascertain what had happened. Mycroft attempted to keep John in his position but he struggled to sit up.
"I don't know what you did last night son, however I am proud of you." The man said gruffly.
"I do not care! You are mine!" He shoved John into the wall, kissing him furiously.
"So beautiful," Sherlock whispered, leaning down and kissing John fully.
"How did you come to
"Are there any other secrets you haven't told me?" He growled, leaning down so his restricted erection pressed into those blushing cheeks.
“Don’t be so dramatic John.” Mycroft said dismissively as he took a seat on the couch.
"I mean it John, you're mine. You and Hamish are my life and if anyone
“John… Our mender…” She whispered sadly.
John kissed him back as fervently as he could, wishing he could touch him and being driven mad by the restraints. Sherlock pulled his fingers away from their work and slid them back to unlock the handcuffs, granting John his unspoken wish. He then retrieved a condom which he put on almost in one motion, surprising John again with his knowledge of sex. But before John had time to truly register his thoughts he was suddenly back, claiming John's mouth in deeply lustful kisses. John groaned his name as he felt him press against him, slowly pushing his way in, little by little, until John no longer knew where he stopped and Sherlock began. A tremor ran through John's body that was only accentuated when Sherlock suddenly started moving.
"It matters tremendously. Did. You. Take. It?" Their eyes burning into each other's as they tensed neither preparing to strike a blow but both of them clearly prepared to fight.
" Mycroft's voice was anxious and stern.
He stood outside for a long time just letting the wind and rain whip past him as he stared, his gaze focused on nothing specific. His mind was racing over everything he'd just learned, everything he'd believed since Harry died. She hadn't been drinking, she'd stayed true to her word until the end and he'd doubted her. He felt guilty and horrible. He could have protected her better, he was sure of it. His father had killed his own daughter. He couldn't even imagine the type of hatred that someone would have to possess in order to do something so despicable. How someone could bring a hand to harm their own child. He must have been gone for awhile because suddenly he was aware of a very concerned Sherlock beside him looking rather grim himself.
"Oh, go on." John tried to dismiss it but she just laughed more. "Thank you Mrs. Hudson, for everything." He said softly sinking down on the couch and gently touching her arm. She looked pleasantly surprised but smiled.
“It seems as though your lover told you the situation then.” The darkness that clouded Sherlock’s voice whenever he spoke to Mycroft was clear, as was the slight smirk when he saw how Mycroft flinched slightly at Sherlock calling Gregory his lover. Mycroft’s discomfort did not show long, however, and he straightened up looking unamused.
“You will,” Sherlock replied and stepped forward. “You have no right to stand between me and my mate.” John stood so far he thought he might fall, Mycroft watched Sherlock for a long moment, smiling just slightly when his brother softened.
“Wow, this is beautiful…” Molly whispered, opening the box.
“I will not.” Mycroft growled in return.
"Don't get used to it John Watson, I'm a consulting detective not your housekeeper." They both laughed in full on hearty laughter for a good ten minutes over that, only stopping when Sherlock returned with tea for them both.
"How I failed him..." John whispered looking down as tears came. Mycroft bit his lip nervously. He did not know how to properly console John in this moment. Least of all when it was quite possible that Moran had been involved in the plan.
“Who was that man who was with you?”
"Will you join us for Christmas?" John asked hastily as he stood up, blushing a bit. Mrs. Hudson beamed with pleasure as she looked to him. Sherlock however paused, a paper in front of his face blocking everything but his eyes. He didn't know why but in that rushed, simple, and yet somewhat needy question he'd been fully reminded of John's tenderness. Of the very thing that Sherlock himself lacked and yet so desperately needed.
"Was strained, Dad didn't support Harry or... Me. He was homophobic, afraid of different and I was different. But look at this, you might just love this. A piece of my past." He grinned and opened the box, but his face tightened. "Oh... This..."
"Oh please, you're so slow when you write." Sherlock chided him, removing his coat from John's shoulders and hanging it where it belonged.
"Sherlock," He whimpered, completely lost in the sensation. Sherlock rarely was so impatient with this, so desperately desirous. It made him feel drunk.
"Now that I consider it, it was rather stupid of me to make that arrangement." Sherlock's admission jolted John from his angry thoughts.
"I should have brought the handcuffs." He chuckled softly as he wrapped his mouth around John and took him as deeply as he could. He held there until John stopped shaking and then slid back.
The boys return to Baker Street, well aware that this will be their curtain call and the web will draw them in tighter.
"It pleases you that I have formed some bond with him though he is my brother?" He asked breathlessly as John's kisses again trailed down his chest.
"Oh how..." Sherlock tensed his face slightly, "
"I'll tell you when he gets here, Mycroft. I would hate to repeat myself." Sherlock snapped, unhappy to be disturbed from his moment with John. He looked down and gently pushed John's hair back off his forehead, carding his fingers through those sandy locks. He saw John's gaze was focused on his left hand and he smiled reaching across to the table and fishing in the tatters of his jacket. He pulled out a small chain with a ring on it. "Don't worry John, I have your ring right here." He undid the chain and slid the ring on John's finger, watching as John sighed with relief.
"Love you... You do not..." He protested, trembling hard as John's finger slipped down and began to tease his quivering opening. "John!"
“The information I have gathered suggests that Moriarty is only here for a short time, he is making his way to Germany from the Rowan Coven House to attend to several large governmental and criminal endeavors he is working on. He intends to reside at one of the old Rowan manors, which is consequently very close to the Holmes Estate. I have reports that the Coven house there has taken damage which I must see repaired. It seems that somehow Moriarty was able to find out my plan to move the main Coven there for a time.” His gaze moved from Sherlock to the Mender, not liking how the others’ body grew tighter with anxiety the longer they spoke. “Gregory has been directed to travel there and keep watch on Moriarty, as such we felt it would be prudent to invite you two to join us.”
Kitty was just rambling now. She continued tracing the letters for about five minutes before getting up. She kept pacing away and then pacing back, whenever she got close to him she would slash him again with the scalpel; sometimes lightly, other times deeply but each time with malice and hatred. Time seemed to pass slowly, Kitty wandering back over to retrace the initials or cut him someplace new before wandering back out to pace and spew her insanity. There was no clock, but John could tell the moment the two hour mark hit as could feel the next stage of the poisoning rocketing through his body. His muscles felt like they were on fire. He didn't let it show on his face, channeling his military training to keep himself strong. Sherlock would show he just had to wait.
"Don't start acting like you know everything about me." He said in a soft but snappish tone, but the blush on his cheeks and the smirk playing at the corners of his mouth gave him away. John ran his fingers up into those dark curls and pulled Sherlock forward into a soft kiss.
John sank into darkness and when he next knew anything of the world he was sitting up in the bed, being forced into some outfit by Meaghan. She hurriedly dressed him before returning the silver to his wrists and neck, standing up straight just as Sebastian entered. Sebastian smirked broadly.
“No,” John said firmly, and Gregory looked up at him with surprise. “We are not coming back to the manor, danger or not, that is no longer our home.” Their eyes met for a moment and though part of Gregory wanted to smile, he frowned instead.
Anthea had been the only member of the coven family to gain admittance to the rooms where John kept himself locked away. She'd approached him during the day a week or so after Elizabeth's visit and explained that in her mortal life she had experienced a torment similar to what was done to him. Something the mender seemed to find solace in. However any entreaty she made on behalf of the brothers went either ignored or was dismissed. She knocked softly before entering Mycroft's study, pausing a moment to survey him. He had, for the most part, weathered this distance better than his brother though the strain was evident in the darkness of his eyes and the tightness of his features. Sherlock had not come to Mycroft for assistance or comfort since Elizabeth's strike and Anthea knew that was a blow to Mycroft's heart as well, however well he tried to hide it.
"I will not! You're being foolish and you do not deserve what that man gives you. Back for two days and you find out
"We have not heard a word from him since the morning he left us for you." Sherlock forced out in as even a tone as he could muster.
All mentions of Irene Adler will be done in one of three ways:
"So there are mind links for the Solvanar?"
"Hands to your side, mender." Mycroft ordered and John easily complied. Mycroft took him deeply in his mouth, pressing his tongue against the underside of John's erection and sucking on him until he felt the moment John's body tried to give way to release. He stopped and John whimpered desperately. It sent a thrill through Mycroft. He kissed back up John's whimpering body until their erections slid together, moaning loudly as he felt John against his skin.
"This is quite a lot of money to put out, to talk about a case Sherlock." John teased him softly.
Above them Sherlock tensed, he'd just dropped one of the snipers and Mycroft's words fluttered to him. His heart panicked, Mycroft was bluffing wasn't he? Surely he didn't mean that. Surely the elder Holmes wasn’t that cruel… Fear and panic flooded John, desperation betraying itself in his eyes. There was no way this could be possible could it? Certainly Sherlock would never agree to that? Sherlock could see the reactions on John’s face clearly and it worried him. If John thought the wrong thing he might do something incredibly stupid.
"Hush now." John commanded, his mouth finding purchase on Sherlock's neck, suckling at the pale, smooth skin. Sherlock groaned and keened into his work, clawing into John's back as he did. John's mouth continued its course over his neck and shoulders before beginning to move down his torso.
"Well by the time I met you lot it wasn't very hidden was it." John said softly, trying to joke. Sherlock smirked but looked down at Hamish, a tightness in his features expressing his pain for John.
Sherlock is desperate to put the pieces together, to understand why John is such a target. But as the pieces fall into place he is confronted with just how important John is in the war that should have already ended.
Super fluffy chapter but it was necessary! I wrote this chapter around the time the US got our air date announcement for Series 3 and it just poured into the work.
"It is my intention to remain here so long as the two Lords shall let me. I have much to learn from them and no usefulness at your manor." He snapped, his tone dark.
"Oh for fuck's sake," John's groan was pure desire as he hooked one hand in Sherlock's hair. Sherlock groaned into his neck.
"So, when are you going to tell me about this yet to be revealed history with the Moran family?" He demanded, crossing his legs and putting his hands together near his chin.
“My love?” He called softly, looking more concerned as John’s gaze met his. “What is it?”
"Who was that?" Sherlock asked, since John wouldn't let him read it.
“I should have listened. You have never steered us wrong, Sherlock simply wanted to enjoy what was the anniversary of my coming into this life. He will take our life from him. His memories, his heart, all of it shall disappear under the weight of the herbs. It was intentional wasn’t it? What did you see in my memories? What happened when I was rescued?” The mender demanded of his Sire, clutching him and staring in his eyes.
There suddenly wasn't enough oxygen in the room. John's entire body tensed and he was ready to explode. His breathing instantly kicked up and he was having a hard time focusing on calming himself.
him something. Mycroft would have leverage over him. The very idea made his skin crawl and he almost wished he had a cigarette. He'd stayed with Mycroft for awhile after St. Bart's but he'd felt too hemmed in, trapped. He watched with sadness as John sank into a sleep troubled by nightmares and realized that he really only had one option. He had to take John away from here, he had to accept the offer. He turned his attention more fully to John his attention burning on him as he tried to memorize every line of his face, every angle, every shadow...
"Daddy! That's mean!" Hamish scolded. "Daddy is vewy... not normal!" He balled up his tiny fists and the four men burst into laughter. It took five minutes before they all stopped laughing, John and Greg laughing the longest. "It's not funny." He pouted.
"Lord Holmes?" She asked timidly.
Mycroft was pacing the length of the dining hall, yet again. Greg sighed from the top of the stairwell as he watched his mate below. For several weeks now Mycroft had been tormented, something nagging at him every waking and resting moment. Mycroft, for his part, was lost in his thoughts - a fluttery fear curling in his stomach. Something he knew was related to John and Sherlock, something that had reopened a wound he normally ignored. He looked up, tormented, as his mate came to rest beside him. Gregory sighed, watching Mycroft for a long time. He slowly wrapped his arm around the other, pulling him down onto the long sofa.
"I didn't honestly believe it was possible to think someone awake. Do you always think so loudly?" John opened his eyes tiredly.
“An Order medical facility near Pendergrass Estate, once you’re released you will be returning to the manor for continued home care. Don’t complain, Georgina has ordered it. She says you are to remain under her care until she is absolutely sure you are fit to return to a normal life. She’d had four servants hired specifically to attend to the guest house, she’s bought the three of you new clothes, and sent to London for your driver who has been given spacious accommodations in her servant’s quarters. I tried to explain to her that you two would be happier back home but she would hear none of it.” Sherlock went to complain but both of them jolted with alarm as John suddenly shouted.
.” The growl just barely hidden in his voice.
“This is not the blood of the victim.” John repeated, bearing Sherlock’s scrutiny calmly, something Gregory would always admire him for. He sighed impatiently, nearly as impatiently as Sherlock did when something should have been obvious to the others. “You still do not remember this, and I have told you countless times. Mortal blood does not turn black like this. This is vampire blood.” He motioned to the word, a rock sinking in his stomach as a growing sense of unease began burrowing in his mind. “Either the killer is a vampire or more likely, being sponsored by one.” Sherlock grinned, praising John briefly before sweeping through the room to reassess the scene. John however, remained rooted to the spot, unable to suppress the sensation in his body. Something about the energy of the building and the overall feel of the crime unsettled him.
“How?” He demanded simply.
"Hush mender, in time..." Mycroft purred in his ear as Sherlock restrained the struggling mender's arms behind him, tying them tightly with a length of rope.
John pushed up off the couch, it was somewhat painful to do but he didn't stop himself. He crossed the room and grabbed Sherlock by his dark locks, pulling him into a feverishly passionate kiss. Sherlock moaned softly, caught off guard but sank into the kiss putting his arms gently around John and prolonging the kiss. But he pulled back after just a few minutes.
“Yes father.”
"Do you think you'll come visit us back home sometime?" He looked eager but shy and she laughed.
Sherlock whispered soft comforting words to John as he stroked his hair, two fingers gently tracing their way over his cheek. The smile on his face was one of pure adoration, one he reserved only for the most important of things. When Mycroft returned several minutes later he found Sherlock asleep, John against him, and that smile still on his brother's face. It pleased him to see such a smile on his brother's face but he noted the pain that crossed John's brow. John was awake, his eyes open and terrified. Mycroft sat down and John retreated to his arms, curling up like a kitten in his lap. Sherlock however did not wake.
“Can you at least tell me why you’re so upset? I can't help you if you don't talk to me, John." Sherlock pulled John closer to him and John rested his head against his shoulder.
"Lady Elizabeth has come to call on us. She wishes to see her cousin so I have come to see if
Sherlock helped John settle into his room and John had barely closed his eyes when he was awoken by Anthea. She instructed him to pull on his shirt and trousers before following her downstairs. He was led past the dining room and below the main entrance to a hidden staircase that led down underground. When he arrived in the room below Mycroft and Sherlock were waiting for him, seated inside a well lit bed chamber with a heavy door. John rubbed the sleep from his eyes and looked between the two men with some anxiety. Mycroft looked positively elegant in a dark red dress robe. His eyes flashing as he took in the man before him. John could feel Sherlock's nervousness, pooling in their stomachs and causing both of them to flush slightly.
Sherlock was able, through cunning use of a ring found at the scene as bait, create a path to the killer which lead to a full interrogation. The man’s story implied that the entire crime had been planned and committed in revenge for a lost lover many years prior in the United States. Something about the entire business did not sit well with John, however. John had taken to keeping a chronological account of their crime solving activities and decided that since this was a revenge killing he would title it “A Study in Scarlet.” He had scarcely finished inking the last page when he hurriedly dashed off a note to Gregory demanding that he be allowed to examine the remaining pill the killer, Jeffery Hope, had been carrying. The more he thought on it, the more the pill seemed to be the source of the nagging feeling in his stomach. Gregory made John promise to provide a full detailed report of what he found before John was able to receive the pill and set to work. Sherlock, already on to the next case, did not understand why John would have any interest in the pill or its’ contents.  They spent two days in a fantastic row over the whole ordeal, before Sherlock was called away from the flat to work on the newer case.
A small lump directly in the middle of the bed quivered as Mycroft spoke, he moved softly towards the bed not wanting to startle the ill fledgling curled under the blankets and muttering. Sherlock was lying completely naked, on the couch in the room with his fingers pressed together under his chin. His eyes were closed and his breath was very slow. Mycroft growled darkly as he looked Sherlock over, wondering how Sherlock could have forgotten to tell John about this. To warn the man who loved him about his ability to become comatose for an undetermined amount of time without responding to external stimuli. Mycroft gently worked through the tangle of blankets to find the shivering mender hidden within them. John was pale as stone, his skin almost blue. He shivered as Mycroft pulled him into his arms and cradled him against his chest. His mouth moving but no words coming out.
"Drop over to Baker Street, pop out of cake. Who knows?" Sherlock gestured widely, smirking.
"Easy," Sherlock whispered and put his hand on John's shoulder. John was almost vibrating under his touch.
- Breath almost even, somewhat shaking - r
“Sher…” John forced out, trying to move.
"Things are different now. Please, stay where I can see you."
“Uncle!” Hamish squealed and launched himself into Greg’s arms. Greg easily hoisted him up.
" His lips found John's and claimed them heatedly, bruising pressure forcing John harder into the mattress and making his mind flutter into silence.
"So you noticed too." John replied quietly, taking Sherlock's direction to keep pace with him. It required a bit of effort and he had to hold his arm steady with his left hand.
way for you to do things. It didn't suit you. It wasn't right to your personality. But I couldn't figure out how you would have faked it." He clenched his fists. "I tried to find the clues but they were blank to me."
"Better this year, yea?" John smiled. Someone knocked on the door and Lestrade opened it to reveal Sally carrying in a tray of food.
"Bis nachher, Johnny." Jacob wrapped his coat around himself and the servant opened an umbrella for him, leading him back to the house.
“For us to get stuck yes, for you to be so bloody interesting no,” He groaned and he used his hips to shove John into the wall. “Now shut up. You're making far too much fuss for someone about to be ravaged.”
"Move." Mycroft commanded pulling back and then pushing forward so he drove John back into Sherlock. Both of them shouting in pleasure. John followed him eagerly, almost as if on command and gave Mycroft control of the situation.
A soft groan escaped Sherlock's lips as he furrowed his brow and slowly began to come awake. Soft, fluttering kisses were trailing over his body accompanied by the soft moans of his mate. John had been at this for some time, enjoying how long it took to draw Sherlock from his slumber. His kisses continued to trail over Sherlock's chest, hips, legs, and back up until he was poised just above his love. As Sherlock slowly opened his eyes John leaned down and claimed his mouth in a hard, desperate kiss that was utterly full of passion. Sherlock groaned deeply which became a gasp of surprise when John's nails dug into his chest.
"I think that's a compliment." He giggled softly.
"It always does," He said gruffly, giving him a tongue click as he let his mind come back into the waking world. He opened his eyes, letting them lock onto John's with his intensely passionate and yet hidden need burning into John's soul.
“I am sorry I rushed you.” He replied in a whisper. “I am not sure what came over me.”
to be the one who saw what would have been your last moments in the world." Tears fell down on their hands from his eyes. "That's how I knew that you were just… Just going to go with what that bastard wanted everyone to believe." He shuddered.
"A needy pet, today..." Sherlock whispered and shifted slightly.
"Thank you, John."
"He's good at that." Sherlock smiled, a wave of tiredness washing over him. Hamish closed his eyes tiredly, falling to sleep against his father.
"P-please." John begged, whimpering and struggling against the rope that held him. Trying to lean up and kiss Mycroft.
"Did you hurt her?!" John demanded in a deathly tone. Hamish clung to John, burying his face in his chest.
"There you are!" A voice exclaimed suddenly and the two men spun to face the voice. The man was just barely taller than John, dark hair and dark eyes. His voice had a strange, unhinged laughing quality to it and he looked like it was Christmas.
"S-Sherlock!" John bucked forward only to be slammed back into the wall.
"Sher... Sher...Lock." He forced out, through shivers.
- There was a bit of broken leaf stuck in Sherlock's hair just behind his ear -
"Er ist mein Mann." John grinned and Jacob shook his head with a bark like laugh.
John smiled bitter-sweetly before moving down the stairs and into the main room. He picked up his travel medical case and tucked it inside his forensics bag. Sherlock was riled up, impatient, and he clicked his tongue at John as soon as John stopped to open the kit to check it over.
have done!" Mycroft stepped to the side so Sherlock could see John convulsing in the bed. He was almost shouting in pain and his fingers clawed into the bed clothes.
"Hush, John. I've got you, I'm here." Sherlock said and repeated it four times before John seemed to just collapse again him. He pulled John into himself with his left arm, almost crushing John to him. "I'm here, focus on me John. Please…" He whispered feeling like he was trying to focus through a tunnel.
"What are you talking about Sherlock? Is this some sort of joke, where is your mender?" Mycroft's voice was a dark growl. He looked deeply angered by Sherlock's insinuations.
"Not a sentence you hear every day."
John darts a quick peek at Sherlock, who seems to be distractedly in a silent conversation with his sister.
John closes the door behind himself on his way out.
The door creaks shut and the house is cloaked in darkness. The inside looks no better than the outside, walls damp and bleeding graffiti. The floorboards are chipped and flaring, reaching upwards to trip unsuspecting feet. A, John assumes once rather grand, staircase is situated in the middle of the room and Sherlock heads for it without hesitation.
“Sherlock, please,” moaned John.
“Hmmmm?”
Turning, he said, "John Watson, DI Lestrade."
“Yes, John.”
John was up early the next morning. He beat Sherlock to the kitchen once more and by the time Sherlock arrived fresh from a shower, John had prepared a mushroom omelette, toast and a pot of tea for them. Sherlock sniffed the kitchen appreciatively and saw with approval that John was wearing new trousers, a red check shirt and the deep-green cashmere jumper that Sherlock had purchased for him (Sherlock had hoped that John wouldn't necessarily recognize the wool as cashmere as it might seem extravagant, but it had been unusually soft and thick and he very much wanted John to be warm and comfortable …). Now seeing him, Sherlock congratulated himself on his wardrobe choices; the warm tones brought some slight colour to John's cheeks and highlighted his attractive sandy hair while the style lent him a quiet sort of dignity that was just right for John.
When John arrived shortly after, they settled at the table in a companionable silence to eat Mrs. Hudson's Salisbury steak with mashed potatoes and carrots.
The process by which a country seizes a person assumed to be involved in terrorist activity and then transports him or her for interrogation to a country where due process of law is unlikely to be respected.
Sidesan  – charms or magical influences (ǣlven)
John nodded but still did not look at him.
For Sherlock's part, he intended to go out in the morning if John seemed well enough to be left alone for a short while so he had put on a blue silk shirt and his charcoal grey suit. He had no patience with ties so his shirt was open-necked, giving him a rather rakish air which was further emphasized by his supremely confident demeanour. John was getting used to the large presence of Sherlock, both in appearance and personality, so when he greeted Sherlock good morning his expression held more shy admiration than the intimidation of the previous morning.
“I’m sorry with all my heart, leifling but no survivors were found… an aide team searched but there was no one...” John tightened his arm around Sherlock, and brushed his mouth to his ear, wanting to offer what comfort he could.
John glanced at Sherlock who was wearing a look of such confusion on his face that it would have been amusing under any other circumstance.
“…despite a diagnosis of severe PTSD and depression?” Mycroft finished Trenholm’s sentence for him.
He felt Sherlock smile against his shoulder and grinned. He said, “Alright then. Do you want to talk some more now or are you tired and maybe want to get some rest? I'm not going anywhere. I'll be here in the morning too.” He punctuated the last statement with a kiss to Sherlock's forehead, just for added reassurance.
John opened his door slowly and stepped out from behind it, hands held up.
John, unaware he was growling aggressively, raked the small room with narrowed eyes; the defence and protection of his frightened Omega the only thing in his mind. Sherlock, crouched in the corner of the room, trying to hide behind the toilet, was beyond terrified now. He was weeping in fear, tears running down his cheeks; his pupils black and wide, face flushed and body trembling violently.
“Yes, you would, you want to, and I know it! You do! You do, John!”
John sat up straight and looked at the floor; Sherlock had made it clear he didn’t feel paternal at all…and now John had revealed everything…he shouldn’t have. He’d meant to give Sherlock more time…
When he reached them, she said without actually looking at Sherlock, "Thank you sir, both of you, for assisting the child, not everyone is so responsible. Now if you'd like to just hand him to me, I'll take him into care."
When Sherlock had been cared for John stripped off his own wet things and dressed in dry clothes as well. He could feel Sherlock’s curious gaze upon him as he undressed and he hid a small smile. He wasn’t a vain man; he rarely gave any thought to his appearance but he had to admit to himself that he was experiencing immense enjoyment at Sherlock’s innocent interest in his body.
So one evening, on the pretense of needing temporary space to grow mold cultures, he moved every tea cup and mug to the highest shelf in their cupboard. It was his intention to be present in the morning when John needed a mug and assist him to reach it…pressing his chest against John’s back while he did so. However, he was caught-out by John rising unusually early. When Sherlock, upon hearing him up, hastily arrived in the kitchen, it was to find John perched precariously on a chair and stretching for a mug. Horrified, Sherlock reached for John and enfolded him safely in his arms, kicking the chair out of way. “God, John,” was all he could mumble. John’s confidence and pleasure were the goals of his seduction campaign not a broken leg or worse. He would never forgive himself if John was hurt because of something he had done!
“And that,” John gestured at the broken china on the floor, “…was probably a precious family heirloom and completely irreplaceable...” His tone was resigned.
As much as he would have enjoyed a game of cat and mouse with Moran, there was no doubt in John’s mind who would win it, the risk was too great to Sherlock.  The threat of Moran needed to be eliminated.  And quickly.   So, John pulled his torch from his belt and tossed it into the dark interior of the bunker, not far away, Moran knew they were near and wouldn’t be fooled if it landed any more than a few feet from them.
Sherlock blinked and stared. Then he hung his head, “Of course. You know, don’t you, John?”
John gave a tremulous laugh as Sherlock had intended he should, but he seemed to have forgotten that he was expected to formally accept his marriage proposal. So Sherlock purred seductively in his ear, “John, you still haven’t said yes…soooo, you drive a hard bargain, but I’m prepared to sweeten the offer….” He gave John’s ear lobe a flirtatious nip.
“I wish you’d stop fussing over me like someone’s maiden aunt, John! I told you I am fine. There is nothing wrong with me!”
Sherlock was taken aback. Unsure how to respond he paused a moment. But before he could say anything further, to his surprise, John spoke again, his voice frayed but insistent. "They won't… tell me….. Do you know...is Harvey….still here?"
The party on the other end of the call was still speaking when Sherlock cut them off with a testy, “I’m hanging up now.” He huffed and dropped the phone distastefully onto the centre console. “He says he’ll be here shortly, John.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John drove as fast as was safe on the wet lanes that wound their tangled way east of Foxley. The silence drew out; both men were occupied with their own thoughts as the sodden countryside slid by steadily on either side of them.
John gave a sad smile. "You already have Sherlock. I'm grateful for the kindness you've shown me and I'm trying to be worthy of it. I really am. "
“Alright...” Sherlock said, and then, his voice barely audible from his pillow, “I’m sorry John…that I told you to fuck-off.”
'… sometimes I don’t notice when you’re not here, John,' Sherlock had once said. He hadn't added…'it's because I take you with me wherever I go…'
“Breathe, small one.  Breathe,” John urged. He splayed a hand over Sherlock’s chest and prompted deeper breaths until they had both relaxed.
John’s smile widened but he resolutely turned his focus back to tending Sherlock’s injuries.
Mycroft surveyed the two of them for a moment longer before sighing resignedly, “Well, I’ll be off then, duty calls.  Do leave the car though, please.  Our civil service budgets aren’t what they once were.”
“Back off ya slig! You’ll get a chance at a little fun later; if you’re lucky!”
John inhaled sharply and went rigid. “Sherlock!” he choked hoarsely. He drew in a ragged breath to steady himself. “Not now. We must get you away from here. Please, will you do as I say?”
“Geoffrey makes me think of the Greek God Hermes, the one with winged feet.” Sherlock wasn’t actually aware he’d said this out loud.  But apparently he had, for John looked up from folding baby clothes, curious.
Graves, his liaison officer, stood and walked around to the front of his desk to lean back against it. “Look Watson, we are in a tight spot here. The subject is well insulated, that’s why our client has approached us for assistance. They usually do their own work but they’re having trouble with this one. You are our best contractor. We need you on this. Time is running out. Blackburn is almost finished his work and is about to be cut loose by QAT.”
ic I sáre − I am sad; in mental pain, grieving
By the time dawn had broken and John had left Sherlock’s room to crawl, exhausted, back into his own bed, he had resolved to say nothing. Instead he would keep a close eye on Sherlock and be prepared to deal with any developments as they arose. Reproductive cycles were difficult enough to predict in young Omegas, so John had no idea how Sherlock’s late development might manifest itself.
Sherlock was looking up at him, obviously listening and rapidly processing what he was saying, so John took another chance and bared his soul. “I want to know that you trust me Sherlock, absolutely, not only with your own life but with the lives of our offspring, our children, if we have them. I want you to believe without doubt, that if you become pregnant, I will provide safety and security for you and your baby. It’s a vulnerable time for an Omega and I need to know that you trust me absolutely and completely, to take care of you both.”
John picked their way back to the entrance following the same path he’d used to enter the bunker. This time he had the light of the open door with which to orient himself, so the going was faster.  He was almost out of the building, just feet from the entrance, when he sensed and heard Moran’s return. He hissed a string of oaths under his breath and flattened himself quickly against the wall just inside the bunker's wide entrance; Sherlock held securely with one arm and his drawn pistol in the other.
It was when Sherlock was preparing for bed that he heard a cry from upstairs. Knowing this time what was happening, he dropped his toothbrush in the basin and sprinted up the staircase, barefoot and shirtless. He opened John's door to see him by the stream of the light from the hall gasping and clutching his middle in acute distress. He was repeating, "No, no, no, please no," in an anguished chant.
"I'm coming with you."
Lestrade seemed to be indicating that they should enter the cathedral through the sacristy door on its east side, so they proceeded, sliding along the exterior of the church's south wall. The door to the sacristy was unlocked and gave way when pushed to reveal a large, dim room. Ecclesiastical artifacts, relics and chalices gleamed dully in display cases and clerical vestments lined the walls; their gold and white trim glowing faintly in the dark. The scent of incense was discernible and the temperature of the air was as cold inside the church as it was outside.
“Yes, John, I want that.” Sherlock’s voice had taken on its dreamy quality again, the one that John had last heard when they were in the tube lay-by.  John smiled softy at him and eased him backward onto his bed, encouraging him, with a light hand on his chest, to lay still.  He could see and sense lethargy stealing over Sherlock already, a natural physiological response to the presence of an acceptable Alpha close by, wanting to mate. Had John not been in control of his Alpha aggression, this instinctive Omega response would have calmed him and prevented him from attacking and possibly hurting his mating partner.
“I want you to have some tea and soup,” he told Blackburn. “And stop trying to get off the couch, you’ll hurt yourself,” he added to a struggling Blackburn, who was trying to heave himself unsteadily from the cushions.
John was unprepared for the sudden press of long fingers against his throat and the unfocused but flinty blue stare that met his own. Blackburn's stunning gaze held John’s for a second before his other hand was on the door handle and he was in the process of levering himself out of the car. But before Blackburn could get further, John, his reflexes fast, was able to draw the syringe that he had prepared for just such an emergency, from the console beside him. He jabbed the needle into Blackburn’s neck and held him as he subsided back against the passenger seat.
“Will you touch me, John?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John said self-consciously, "I'm sorry Sherlock I shouldn't have burdened you with my problems like that−"
And so the morning had progressed. When John had finally looked at his watch at noon he was able to say to Blackburn warmly and truthfully, “You are out of the woods.” He stroked Blackburn’s forehead approvingly. “You’ve been amazing. But you need to rest now…” and when his patient’s brilliant eyes opened warily, he said, “I’ll be here to make sure nothing goes wrong, so you can sleep safely.” John smiled and nodded understandingly, “I know you’re tired and it’s alright to rest now.” At John’s last words, Blackburn’s eyes slid shut and for the first time that morning, when he went still, it was in deep sleep instead of unconsciousness.
The first shock of it over, Sherlock didn’t struggle. He submitted to John with a soft sound, closing his eyes and wilting limply, his hands reaching to hold John’s face to his. But John didn’t let up. If anything he increased his assault; pressing his knee between Sherlock’s thighs, pinning him to bonnet and using the leverage to deepen the kiss. He thrust his tongue past Sherlock’s teeth, scouring his mouth like a man starved.
“But…I don’t say things like that, ever, to…people. So, I don’t know why I said it to you. I mean, it’s true that I don’t care if other people think I’m a freak…but you…” He trailed off.
This is a short chapter but chapter eight is longer and I will be posting it next Tuesday. :-)
So, his research complete, Sherlock went home to Baker Street, detouring only slightly to pick up what he knew were the best chips in Marylebone with which to tempt John's appetite for lunch. Conscious of a strong feeling of contentment he sighed as he entered his flat. John, it seemed, was occupying himself by dusting the bookshelf. He was standing, reading, with a duster under his arm and a book in his hands when Sherlock opened the door. He jumped at Sherlock's entrance but swiftly collected himself and asked politely if Sherlock had had a successful morning.
So this was the way of it, was it? In an instant, John’s world changed; his mind and body − his life itself− were no longer his own; irrevocably, henceforth they were this small omega’s to do with as he wished.  Protection, provision, pleasure; whatever this precious being required, John would fulfil.  And gladly.  The universe or perhaps the Gods themselves had brought new purpose to John’s life with the appearance of Sherlock.  For John, the realization was pure happiness.  He smiled into the darkness again and pulled Sherlock closer.
As John halted, Sherlock, finally overcome, gave into his emotions and lowered his forehead to John's in silence.
Sherlock roused himself enough to say, “…and yours too, John,” before subsiding again.
And that she does, smiled John. It is indeed a happy Christmas.
They made their uneven way down an empty staircase and to the back fire exit door. There, with Sherlock hidden in the shadows of the hallway, John scanned the pub’s back garden to ensure that no one was about to witness them leaving.
Finally, John broke the uneasy silence. “We’ll keep to the lane-ways. It’s certain we’ll be looked for on the motorway. They know we aren't headed to Welford now, so they will have put some resources on the lesser traveled routes too, but they won’t expect me to be taking you back to London. That would be suicide.” His lips twisted into a humourless smile. Eyes focused on the road, he didn’t see Sherlock’s sharp look of distress at this statement.
He approached around the end of the bed and said, "Good evening John, my name is −"
"I lost my mobile when I fell! I couldn't get up but I looked everywhere that I could on the floor around me in the nave and the foyer. When I couldn't find it, I lay there as still as I could, wondering how best to get help and that's when Father Stansell and his curate came in and they called an ambulance."
John did not have the time to set up Blackburn’s interception the way he would have liked. Under different circumstances he would have taken as much time as required to create a careful plan with back-up strategies to manage all the possible risks. Never-the-less, John had the resources, and more importantly, the skills and the confidence required to succeed under less than ideal circumstances and so was able to set up quickly what he considered to be a solid plan to capture Blackburn. Within twelve hours of receiving his file, John was ready to apprehend his target.
When he returned minutes later it was to find Blackburn struggling to rise from the floor, where he had obviously fallen, and attempting to crawl to the door. At John’s reappearance he raised his head weakly and gasped out, “Mycroft!”
This action, along with his contented acceptance of John’s desire to be his alpha, triggered a new firestorm of physical sensations and emotions in John.  His body and heart got the better of him once more and despite his intention to be restrained, he lowered his head abruptly and gripping Sherlock’s jaw with a firm hand, settled his lips on Sherlock’s in a demanding open-mouthed kiss.  It was a kiss that, if he was to be honest with himself, he had desired from the moment Sherlock had opened his extraordinary eyes and gazed up at him in the dimness of his tent.
Sherlock yanked frantically on the emergency bell, pressing it wildly while trying to aid the stricken man in his arms.
“No! It smells fantastic, Sherlock…what is that? It’s wonderful!”
firgenbeorg – mountain
Contrite, Sherlock kissed them away, murmuring, “Let me touch you like I promised. You’ll like it John…”
John laughed and said, “You’re daft.”  But he said it as though being daft was the best thing in the world.
Sherlock snuffled against his neck in what seemed like agreement.
Dear God, thought John as silent tears began to slide down the child's face.
John’s mouth twisted in bitter amusement. “Agreed. But as I see it, that makes me an all the more credible source to the Telegraph or the Times, doesn’t it? Now, is it a deal or not?”
“Yes!”
The morphine took effect on Sherlock almost immediately. John was able to immobilize his swollen ankle and clean the cut above his eye without causing him pain, bandaging both thoroughly.  By the time he had finished Sherlock’s eyes had closed and his slender body was lax.  John smiled down at him and drew the too-large T-shirt up over one of his pale shoulders. He pulled the sides of the sleeping bag close around him. Sleep would be the best remedy for him now.
It was the picture of Sherlock clenched and writhing beneath him that triggered a wild alarm in John’s brain. He was losing control! He must stop before he actually committed the unforgivable betrayal of Sherlock’s trust that he was imagining!
Lestrade folded his arms and waited, knowing that insults to his officers was the price to be paid for Sherlock's assistance with any case…
“No! I’m afraid of you John!”
“You need me as I need you?”
"Does Harvey's murder have anything to do with these priest murders then, Sherlock?" Lestrade asked.
John remained sitting alongside him, deep in thought. He had a great deal to ponder, not the least of which was that while it was true that Blackburn was recovering, it would be another day, if not longer, before he was mobile again. He was still a very sick man.
SUSPECT OUT. MEET AT WESTMINSTER. CHAPEL OF HOLY SOULS.
When he could eat no more, Sherlock arose, feeling slightly groggy from so much food and, after assisting a contentedly humming John with the breakfast dishes, retreated to their room to dress for the day.
John was rigidly erect as Sherlock had already discerned through their pyjamas, but delicate, as he should be, slim and graceful, rising from a swirl of golden hair. Sherlock reached with a warm and smooth palm to stroke him, seeking John’s eyes for confirmation as he did so. John, relieved and trusting, smiled up at him before closing his eyes and reaching for Sherlock’s other hand around his shoulder.
John felt tears welling up. “You’re right, Sherlock, you are very safe with me beside you.”  He lowered his head to kiss him, just a quick press of lips.
“Sherlock, listen to me, it’s alright, it’s alright, I’m going to help you.” He said firmly, “I need you to work with me, Sherlock.” Sherlock did not respond as he continued, “Are you having trouble breathing, Sherlock? Tell me. Breathe for me, okay?”
“You don’t have to go back Sherlock; you just need to make it safe for him to come out now.  He’s still afraid. He doesn’t want to feel that much pain or shame ever again, but I believe he will come out when he knows it’s safe.”
It was in this perfect moment of loving intimacy between them that something unusual came to Sherlock’s attention. Drawing his hand away from John he could feel cool wetness on his fingers…ejaculate. But Omegas don’t ejaculate, so what was it? He brought his hand to his nose and mouth in a simple instinctive act of scenting and tasting and was utterly unprepared for a shock to his senses so powerful it rivaled that of a high voltage electricity station. He was swamped with a wave of euphoric sensation; more intense and more exhilarating than even the cocaine he had dabbled in in the unhappy days of his youth. The sensation dissipated quickly but left a lingering feeling of wellbeing and vitality…
“Shhhh, Shhhh, sleep,” John murmured, not wanting Sherlock to wake and have to deal with what was happening with his body at that moment. He replaced his arm around Sherlock’s waist, a little higher this time, and, with the sheet tucked safely between them, he gently pressed against Sherlock’s back once more. Sherlock settled into sleep again and John was able to think; clearly, Sherlock’s sexual desire was no longer buried deep inside him but rather, just below the surface. While this was good, John’s concern now was that Sherlock’s body not get too far ahead of his mind and that Sherlock not engage in anything he wasn’t yet ready to handle emotionally or mentally. Slow and cautious would be the best way forward.
The two agents maintained their steady aim with their weapons. The man positioned on the driver's side of Mercedes shouted, “Get out! And lemme see your hands!”
“Yeah, well, y’see…” The second man spoke with a distinct American accent.
“Yes.”  It was a hushed whisper near John’s ear.
“I cannot sleep.”
John’s strategy would be to wait. It was clear that Sherlock could not be pushed into revealing what was bothering him. Whatever it was was intensely personal… But it was obviously bothering him a great deal; now that John was paying attention he realized that Sherlock had been casting him wistful glances for some weeks. The issue would re-emerge and when it did John would be ready to pounce. There was no hurry. John had long since realized that expending energy on dating was pointless, and had resigned himself, not unhappily, to a life of loving his fiercely loyal but emotionally impaired friend.
With this reassurance, the boy scrambled to his feet and made straight for Sherlock, who was still standing perplexed, in the centre of the room. John made a silent plea to Sherlock to understand and play along, but he had no such luck. Unfortunately, Sherlock being Sherlock, he was deaf to silent pleas of any sort and remained motionless.
Never mind that, it was irrelevant now.  He would track their scent, they couldn’t have gotten far. He’d find them.
Thank you each one of you for reading and for commenting.  Writing is my cake and you readers are the icing! And cake with icing is my favourite food.
John was away now, his anger spilling over.  “This whole business is a bloody mess!” He glared at Sherlock, “Why were you playing at being a spy anyway, for Christ’s sake?! You thought it was game?  Well, it’s not, Sherlock! People die.  Maybe even you!”
"John. Is everything alright?"
“Yes. Thank you John.”
He began to sob again and curled up into a ball in Sherlock's lap if to protect his belly. "I knew … that something bad had happened…" He was unable to continue.
Ælfscíene − beautiful sprite or elf
Séfte – sleepy
John grappled with his mistake. “No! Yes! I mean that is not what I meant! I do want you forever, make no mistake about that! I will go with you anywhere and for always, to all the worlds that exist!”  He kissed a tear from Sherlock’s cheek. “Is that what you want? Are you certain?”
“I can stop your pain,” he promised.
“John?”
Sherlock shook his head.  “Nō,” he whispered huskily.  “But so strong…” he lifted frightened eyes to John’s, “What will I do?”
“That was a courageous decision, heartsweet…”
He was certain he’d heard the question correctly but John’s brain drew a blank. A what? He scanned his somewhat scanty knowledge of languages, grasping for the meaning of the expression… it was vaguely familiar… he’d heard something like it a long time ago…
Sherlock struggled for alertness. “Yes, John,” he managed.
Mycroft raised his eyes briefly ceiling ward and breathed out slowly, “I can see I am to disappoint MI6 unless... both of you perhaps…?” he trailed off hopefully.  John, holding Sherlock’s head against his shoulder looked across at him and said, “I’m afraid not.  I’m retired.  I have a home life to attend to now and it’s going to keep me very busy. For the rest of my life, in fact.”
The effect of John’s reaction on Sherlock was like that of a tranquilizer; he stopped weeping and stilled, breathing shallowly, distracted. He was unaware in his distraught state that he was submitting to a dominant alpha’s commands but John noted it and marveled at the powerful forces entwining them both.
"The baby's gone, Sherlock." John's voice was a whisper.
“I knew I could find the way; iċ i scholasticus.” Sherlock turned his head to look at John to confirm that he understood the Latin word.  “Iċ physicist primae, aquaedisciplinae, iċ … inventum...” he struggled to translate a word for John, “graphimatis sé lacu?  I am the… scientiae optumus of my people,” he added with solemn dignity.
John’s expression froze and his body went rigid.  He exclaimed, “Moran is here, in the camp!? Since when!?” He was incredulous.
"If you feel like making something for
“Yése…”
By noon, John had been caring for his patient for more than six continuous hours. It had been difficult keeping him calm but his effort had paid off. Blackburn had improved significantly.
Sherlock moaned and almost sobbed as he clenched John’s hand in his.
Sherlock roused himself from his study of the rain drops splashing on the windscreen to say quietly, “It does appear that way, John.” He didn’t sound surprised.
John must have drifted into an exhausted sleep at some point during the long night because his next awareness was of morning and something amiss… December! The boy, where was he!? And Sherlock?
“I need to talk to you.” John sounded sad.
“But I…wouldn’t I know that already?” He looked surprised and then thoughtful. “Well, perhaps not… I see what you mean. But it doesn’t matter does it?”
Sherlock nodded, longing for John but not wanting to ask.  John smiled and propelled him gently backward to lean against the shower wall and sank to his knees in front of him.  As he opened his mouth and took Sherlock in deeply, he heard the choked groan from above, even over the noise of the water. He grinned inwardly and holding Sherlock’s hips firmly, he concentrated on pleasuring him with his lips and tongue.  In almost no time he felt Sherlock’s desperate hand on his head trying to tell him he was close.  But John stayed where he was, reveling in the intense pleasure that Sherlock was so obviously experiencing.  He allowed Sherlock to thrust his hips forward as he began to come and took pleasure in swallowing his ejaculate as it flooded his mouth.  Then as he felt Sherlock relax and soften, he ran a light hand over him to cleanse and rinse, ensuring no trace of fluid remained on him.
"What?" asked John and Sherlock in unison. December took no notice of this confusion; it was part of the daily ritual. He continued with eager excitement, "I got a 'B+' on my science test!"
Sherlock recoiled in horror. “My God, John! Stop it, please stop it! I am not Harvey! Please don’t speak to me that way!” Sherlock’s emotions twisted and he raked his hands through his hair in frustration.
John hailed the first passing cabbie, who pulled over and accepted them into the back seat with barely a glance, to John’s relief. They appeared as simply a tired couple headed home, slightly under-dressed and dishevelled at the end of a sweltering August day.
John was laughing by now, so Sherlock gently grasped his left hand, kissed it and then slipped a ring onto his third finger.  It was a trinity de Cartier ring, the platinum love band set with twenty white diamonds to symbolise the 20th day of the March, the first day of spring and the day John accepted Sherlock as his promised husband.
John reacted to this accusation with fury, lunging at Sherlock, pinning him to the wall by his shoulders and hissing up into his face, “You might think it fun to play at spies, but it isn’t for others!  The QAT killed my best mate, that’s why I said yes to the job!” He ground out, “Do you know anything about that?! About knowing your friend’s death is your fault; that you should have, or could have, done something to save his life!? No, you don’t! So shut the hell up!” Then, stunned at his own aggression John fell back and put his hands to his head as if in pain.  “Oh God!” he said, “Sherlock, I’m sorry!”  His expression stricken, still clutching his head with his hands, he turned his back to Sherlock, who saw his shoulders begin to shake and his posture sag.
John's eyes widened and his voice was a ghost of a whisper, "Do you know where his is? What happened to him Sherlock? Even if they put him in the…if they didn't save his body…I want to know. I just need to know, Sherlock."
John stood observing him silently for several seconds before crossing the room and bending to his duffel.
"The motivation is ambition. Simple. The three priests murdered worked in large prestigious London parishes, quite different from St. Patrick (which was another reason that the letter to Father Stansell was such an important clue; it did not fit the pattern). The contents of the hate-letters, untruthful accusations and dramatic threats of revenge were nonsense, of course, meant to distract us from the real motivation−that of Father Stansell obtaining a significant promotion to a large and important parish. In that sense all of the letters were red herrings."
When John, observing him, did not respond immediately, he repeated desperately, “Mycroft! Listen to me!”
The tall Alpha holding Sherlock down struck a blow to the side of Sherlock’s head, hard enough to subdue him but not knock him out and said, “Now, don’t be like that, Omega. Ed just wants to introduce himself to you. He wants you to get to know him a little better, he’s friendly that way.”
"John, I'm so sorry. But please John, tell me you know that what happened was not your fault, please!"
John nodded but his gaze fell to the floor again and he seemed to shrink as he spoke, his words halting. “Harvey…well…it probably won’t surprise you…” He stopped again.
The omega lowered his face to stare down into the water.  His response, when it came, was barely audible, "Yése, … but a few of us survived."
