Steve sat forward knees on this elbows, fighting the urge to bury his face in his hands. “Is their anyway to prevent it?
Overall, Tony had to admit as he leaned back in his spinning work chair – things had gone pretty well. He was home safe, the bots weren't spraying him down with flame retardant. He had a burger with his name on it not too far from now. As for his previous outing in the corporate world - The trip was dull as usual, but the trip home wasn't bad.
“Loki?” he calls out because what’s the harm in checking? That and that confounded hepatic sensation in his nerves is making his psyche run in circles that something just is not okay.
"Well he grew up. That's what people do..we learn to adult after we've pissed away all that youth. Its easier on the joints." Tony leaned back watching the younger man pout. He couldn't even say Loki was wrong. Part of him still wanted to bend that mouthy brat over and....
Steve enjoyed being seen as an equal, having a place to feel like he belonged. Even if it meant hiding a secret from his new friend. In over 70 years it had not been an issue, no one needed to know he was a genetic anomaly because of the serum. For all Tony knew he was an Alpha and Steve wanted to keep it that way. He didn’t want to lose this fragile friendship because he was a freak. Because at the end of the day Tony had been right when he said everything Steve was came out of a bottle, that he was a lab rat. Sometimes that weighed on Steve, that he could never be honest. Never tell the alpha how difficult being near him was because still in his heart of hearts Steve was become attached in a way that he knew he shouldn’t.
He knew she was getting worse. She couldn't shake it this time and he wasn't ready. She was all he had.
Pepper took one look at him and shook her head, coming over with a damp dishrag to dab at the little scratches on his face and arms. “I can’t have you going in there looking a mess. You go in and check on him then come with me to get checked out you understand?”
“I never thought I'd see him smile like that again.” James said, standing to her left, his eyes grew misty at the scene.
Bruce doesn't seem alarmed when revels the hidden differences in Loki's anatomy . Nor does the man seem disgusted as he explains what he's found.
In the workshop, things were easier to digest. Tony could lose himself in the work, it had always been that way. When life became to hard, or things at Stark Industries was too frustrating. He could always count on the workshop to take his mind to a kinder more ordered place. Building and dismantling bits of machinery or working on circuits was like therapy. It was easy to understand and there was also that element of discovery. The amazing feeling when he made something faster, smaller, or more efficient.
The inventor looked around hoping the answer would fall from the sky; he knew he could not say work. On the other hand, maybe the bots.  No he couldn‘t say that, although it would make Dum-E  happy. “Alright, Rhodey…you know I’d be lost without my  honey bear! He‘s put up with me even longer than you have, we have guy love Pep.. Totally non sexual guy love that no man can tear asunder.”
They all fell silent as the sky faded from gold to gray and gray to black. The first twinkling of stars and the too cool sea breeze driving them into their cabins. Natasha was right, and perhaps that was made this mission so deadly. If a man was capable of wishing death on an entire race, what might he do for their failure?
“Hey their Barnes’ how are you guys doing!” One of the girls greeted as they walked in. “And you brought my two favorite little pups!” She squeals and knelt down to say hello to the twins.
James hit the chain motor and carefully drew the sub up. “Yeah well..wait . guest? Where the hell is that punk!”
"Chicks love getting shit!" Darcy said flopping back on the sofa.
“Right  ...yeah I’ll just...yep J! Darling love of my heart, send in a cleaning bot.”
“I’m sure they didn’t, basically I’m going to use this,” she paused taping the handle of the transducer “To see your baby, it’s a bit more technical than that of course. The machine uses high-frequency sound waves, ones that we can’t hear of course, sent thought the transducer and into your abdomen.” Simmons pressed the end of the wand gently against his stomach through the gel as she spoke. “The echoes of the waves are what the machine records and create images of your baby.”
I never even had a chance you know?
“Aww…look at that, daddy does have a heart.” Steve quipped before tugging his alphas knuckles up to his lips and gracing them with a kiss. “I’ll be fine.”
Steve gaped looking between them, “I actually..” He blushed, “Tony always ordered me Carmel frapacinnos.. I like em.”
The others tried to stop him, considering Stark could have used stitches and a head x-ray, but really, who could stop Tony Stark when he had his mind set on something?
“Tony this isn’t a time to joke.” Pepper said, standing up from the sofa. “Please come and sit and listen to us. We all care about you.”
“You drive a hard bargain, emphasis on hard.”
The rose colors and number do have meaning but i'm not sayin :P have fun on a learning adventure!
If Tony headed up to the penthouse and spent the following hour furiously jerking off in the shower, well that was no ones business.
“Welcome back.” A luxurious voice called from the hallway leading to the bedroom.
It was Bucky who noticed the Professor first. “Hey Charles, been a while.”
Inspired by Someone like you - Adele
The omega made his way to the sofa and curled up, reaching out to stroke Duchess’s fur.
Fury had a move toward the man to try his usual technique of staring the younger alpha down, this time however he was in for a surprise.
That was another thought. Would it be better for the baby if he found a suitable alpha?
The next step, was Tony putting Vengeance away and starting work on a new armor, this became something like  ‘therapy ‘. Whether or not Iron Man would be returning that remained to be seen. However, Steve was glad to see Tony working on the new specs with Peter on his lap.
Sailors amassed the deck and with sword or pistol in hand took to the ships sides. Everyone ready to defend as the enemy made their way across the sea in small dingies armed for battle. If they lost the ship they would lose the land, they would rather die than lose the ship.
Tony also hadn’t said anything about what he told him. It had been months since Steve had found out, but he just couldn’t say it aloud, he wasn’t even sure who he was protecting anymore. Bucky, Tony, Howard’s memory? Maybe he was just protecting himself because admitting that his best friend killed his other friend (and father of the alpha he had a thing for) would be admitting that the world wasn’t black and white. There was no ‘strictly good’ or ‘strictly bad’.
She never saw past the smiles and the charm. Never saw how cruelly the two boys would stare at her Steven when her back was turned. Never realized until it was too late.
“No dice J, they know the rules, Daddy gets one hour of work time before we feed the gremlins. I have things to do, magnificence to build. No sticky fingers allowed.”
Tony grinned back before leaning in to capture his lips. “How you doin honey?”
“Much appreciated my love.” Loki spoke softly and leaned into his Alpha for comfort. “I think, I wish to focus our efforts on finding a child who needs us rather than one of our own blood. I know that Bruce said this could pass and if by rare chance one day we are so endowed by the Norns, then I will accept it gladly.”The omega looked up and traced a slender finger along his mates jaw.“However, I will not allow this pain to snatch me away from you again. Nor ferry me from the family we make.”
"Peter what's wrong." the omega turned own the burners and went to wrap the boy in his arms. Almost immediately Peter started crying and begging his father 'not to hate him'
It all sounded so flawless, it always sounds flawless, but then – what is it they say? If you want to see God laugh, tell him your plans?
“Mandatory restart”
“Hey.” James reached over and took his hand. “You okay? Been kinda quiet.”
“Nope.” Pepper didn’t wait just pushing her way inside, “Now you listen to me Steven Grant Rogers. You act like being an omega is some kind of handicap and I for one am extremely offended by that.”
“Damn…”She chuckled taking another bite. “Too bad.”
Tony smiled softly, walking behind the bar. “Well tonight actually, that is if you want to. I have reservations for us, oh and um…” He paused reaching under the bar; he came up with a small box. “I thought…a bouquet would be feminine so,” He said opening the box to show a white rose boutonniere. “I will feel really silly now if you don’t go to dinner with me.”
Bruce slid down in his seat, staring at the pasts twirling on his fork. Phil didn’t looked phased at all by the topic. That’s what happens when your mated to an idiot who brings that sort of thing up at a dinner table.
The final nail in the coffin, Natasha’s eyes caught a subtle shine of black that quirked her lips into a smile. A black widow spider made its way across the floor and disappeared as if into thin air.
"You are right now. Loki..." Bruce eyed him now looking concerned. Did he truthfully look that bad? "Loki if it's too hot stop eating it you don't have to prove anything to me."
A group of sailors sat swapping stories by the taverns glowing hearth, frothing steins in their fists clinking against one another as they cheered for each others triumphs. Howard leaned over on his stool to hear their words when something caught his attention.
(See the end of the chapter for
: Just so you know I totally did everything you told me.
They couldn't blame a guy for trying...well maybe Tony could cause all of the subsequent gifts tended to ruin things in his Tower. Natasha, while not instantly interested...wanted to see how this played out.
If he was damaged then he would just be damaged, he would live that pain because what else was there?  Maybe it was time to give up?
The guards snapped to attention nodding toward their senior agent. “Agent Coulson how are you Sir.” One of the men said.
James sat with his head in his hands, this whole time he believed the happy lie that they could settle into this new life and everything would come up roses.  He never questioned for one moment that it wouldn't happen. It was easier to think that they could leave everything behind them and that from day one they would be better.
Both Natasha and Pepper agreed and asked Jarvis to switch off their link. Clint followed and Tony begged off a final lame apology and asked that he could keep his man hood intact.
Tony was already kissing the kids goodbye and surprisingly doing well with a little bit of small talk with Loki. The two of them had learned to coexist better in the last year. Tony had a strange ability to forgive almost anyone, given the right amount of time and motivation the billionaire could come around to anyone's side. That could be construed as both a good and bad thing, depending on who you ask.
“It sounds nuts” Bucky interjected. Barnes had always been the blunt one among them, even more-so now since his injury. Natasha often worried if James' short temper would ease with time but it hadn't yet. Now they all sat staring at the man as he spotted off. “Just say it, why bullshit the guy. You're askin us to go hunt down what? The boogie man? I hate to break it to you Stark but the only thing out there is shitty people and sharks, honestly I'd take the sharks. At least they come at you honest.”
It seemed odd that the little boy never asked for his mother or his father, it was also odd that when any man tried to calm the child he suddenly went stock still and flinched from the intercepting hand. That last bit really broke Bruce's heart.
The siren then held out the gem to the child’s father. “Place it on his chest and he will be healed. The gem is filled with powerful magic, enough energy to insure he lives well and strong for many years. “She said placing the gem in Starks outstretched palm.
Tony pressed his lips to Steve’s forehead, “Ok, how about I get you and the sea monkeys that shake while you take a shower; then we’ll go see if Bruce made pancakes and steal some. If there are no pancakes, I’ll take you to my favorite place and get a stack. Just you, and me we haven’t been on a date in a while right? Look at me doing this relationship stuff, I’m doing so well I deserve a gold star for all this maturing and personal growth.”
I tried, please hold your negativit, corrections, and flames where the sun don't shine ^_^
He would walk with heavy footsteps and blank eyes to the bar. Pausing as he poured a stout of whiskey, a smear of red on his knuckles drawing the brunettes attention.
“There’s my sweetheart.” Bucky said cupping his lovers face in his still human hand. “Pretty as a picture. Come on babe pucker those lips for me.”
Barnes was up and out of bed faster than you could say Assemble. Walking down the hall looking all the world like some annoyed shaggy old German Sheppard on a perimeter check, alert to every little sound or lack thereof. Rounding the corner into the seemingly  quiet and empty kitchen, yet there  was a half empty glass of water on the counter top, the container still cold to the touch but the ice still mostly solid. The scattered presence of condensation beading on the outside of the tumbler in the shape of fingers told him it had not been abandoned for long. Maybe 10mins at the most given the slight chill in the air and the thickness of the glass.
Looking back Thor can remember an instant when a seer was in the castle; the old woman had stopped where the two boys had been playing and said something so odd. He had put it out of his, being a child and naive to the world and its horror. He only knew the moment and the joy of his revelry.
To be honest..I'm not sure if i failed this chapter or not.  I hope you still like it.
He licked his lips and began taking satchels of gold from the larger bag, tugging open the drawstrings and allowing the coins to sparkled in the moonlight. Howard had no idea what she could want currency for but the sailor said that mermaids had a fascination with shiny things, more so if the things had value. He just hoped the quantity of the glittering coins would be enough to temp her into giving him what he needed. “My son is very sick; I want you to heal him.”
Kurt rises quietly from his chair and sits on the arm of the soft chair that Loki occupied. “Have you told your Alpha that you feel this way?”
“You do and I will…ahhh…fuck…”
“Can’t talk right now babe, ask J if you can’t work the microwave.”  The inventor was elbow deep in rewiring something that was apparently once a washing machine on the communal floor, apparently Tony felt it could be more efficient there for …this was happening. Parts and wires strong from one end of the workshop to the other and now whole mess looked like it might transport your clothes to another dimension rather than wash them. Really…it was frightening how that very well could have been true.
A figure dressed in black their face obscured as they ran just ahead of him through the woods. They were fast or maybe just knew the landscape better.
Sure, he knows about Loki's past, but this was the first time he actually saw what he was capable of. First time he'd seen even a glimpse of the man featured in SHIELDS files. Maybe it was stupid of him to compartmentalize who Loki was in those images from the invasion and the man he knew. Loki had been just as much of a victim as anyone after having been abused and brainwashed. It would have been the pot calling the kettle black considering all the deaths the winter soldier was responsible for. Even so, there had been a moment of jarring realization. A terrible clarity when all he could think of was the sweet sleep tousled hair of his omega and then this version of him, standing there ready for battle and unapologetic about the slaughter. There was something so painfully desperate in those eyes, a look that James knew well from his days on the run. It was the same look that glared back at him in dirty broken mirrors and fetid water reflections. He never wanted to see his omega with that look.
This fathers then erupted into laughter, the little one not sure what was so funny about all of this. He had clearly asked for a puppy and now he we getting a brother or sister. That was no fun at all.
The roof entrance was poorly guarded, save for a few rusted padlocks. Maybe blasting them off the hinges was overkill, but they jacked up his glorious week of naked sweaty fun so yeah, he hoped they crapped their pants in fear. You steal the weekend from Tony Stark, this is what you get.
“I’m not wearing that… I don’t care what you’re thinking right now.”
“Damn it Steve! Would you climb down off your goddamned high horse for once?” Tony shot up out of his seat. “I told you I could not care less, yes I know that you were an omega before the serum. I get why they hid it because of how things were. This isn’t about that, it’s about you and keeping you safe!”
Romanov pointed “Very good soldier, just like that. My guess he’s been smoking out something bigger. Send all the lackeys into a panic so that they tighten up security around big boss.”
Words from Steve’s past suddenly came to mind, long ago when they were hunting the Winter Soldier. “He’s not the kind you save… he’s the kind you stop.”
“What have you done !?” He said again, this time stronger as he turned. Horror open on his face.
Tony sank back in the chair, “First off, I don’t even know if this is accurate which is why I’m asking you first. I want you to know Steve- weather its true or not I don’t care, it doesn’t change anything. So don’t think that I’m making some play here.”
No. he wasn't handing this over to SHIELD and their grubby little hands. No one should have this, not even him if he was being honest – still there needed to be contingency. The fact that this was able to work spoke volumes about how intelligent and sophisticated his AI was, he'd have to congratulate Jarvis later. Maybe when this was all done he'd find away to code a special ' vacation' simulator for his AI. “The suit thanks Jarvis.”
She smiled listening to a particularly cute story of how the two boys would sneak into the kitchens after a day of playing in the gardens. The cooks would be hardworking preparing the evening feast and the little princes with there dirty faces would smile and tug at the ample skirts of the clever maids. Tiny faces with enormous begging eyes and hands out. How if the venerable cook Ogden typically caught them he would chase them out with a skillet in his hand. Yet his dear wife Rosmerta would just shake her head and tuck a few cakes into a napkin for them. Telling both little ones to be quiet lest their doting mother be cross with her for ruining their dinner.
As the babies became more active, Steve wasn’t the only one talking to them. Nor was he always aware of that fact.
The solder started and blinked at the ginger, “I wouldn’t say he’s mine..” Steve spoke looking away from her, he still didn’t get why Tony and pepper hadn’t bonded. She was perfect, funny, smart, and attractive and she wasn’t just a glorified science project.
“Naturally, take your time. I would love meeting all the little ones in the meantime.” Charles smiled and gestured to the pups whom were throwing this new person curious glances.
No, you can't always be a love interest
As it turned out, this wasn't just over dramatics. Loki told him about discovering his true parentage, about how his 'kind' was preceved on Asgard. How he fled the castle at first wanting nothing more than to burn the whole place to the ground but then. Well, the last bit didn't take a genius to figure out. Tony had a lot of self-control but even now his dick felt like he could drive a nail through concrete with the pheromones wafting of Loki.
(Howard hated every single creak of the floor and whisper of voices in the manor sometimes. Later, Tony would realize that then his father had been doing a lot more than just board meetings and golfing, Howard had been dealing with Shield and stress of being director of the shadow organization. Even knowing what he knows know Tony finds it hard to forgive those harsh words and even harsher hands that on occasion backhanded him onto the floor in a fit of pique.)
“Alright soldier, at ease. Think it’s time to get you back to bed.”
Finally Shield's fearless leader shows his hand and Barnes feels like he’s been here before, a younger fire-bellied version of himself once stood in line and felt like the orders passed down were a crock-of-shit and he was going to have to sit down and have a big old bowl of it with a forced smile on his face.
It was a low blow and she knew it. Tony couldn’t even look at her.
“What’s the matter Champ?” Tony really couldn’t do this tonight.
“Stop fidgeting.” Loki whispered and gave his son a side-glance.
“Silence.” Frigga said as she leaned in stroking the baby’s hair. “I know he isn’t yours by birth. Did you think I would not know my own grand child? All the same, I also know that it does not matter what his parentage may be. Regardless of the actions Amora took that brought this child here, he needs you. I think you may need him as well.”
The bath was easier that trying to make Loki eat, that was the first and only reaction James seemed to be getting. Loki would turn his head away and whimper 'no...Please…please just stop.' every time James tried to get him to eat or drink. The omega was weak and shaking, he needed something in his system badly.
Inspired by When I was your man by Bruno mars
They weren't even sure just what they had at the time, if it was convenient or if it was more. Neither man wanted to jinx that fragile thing between them. Steve, with his dated thinking struggled with his feelings and even more with the idea of people knowing. It was Tony who blurted out "by the way, I love you." over pizza after a mission. Steve was quiet and just reached for the inventors hand under the table, he said nothing but the pressure of his touch spoke more.
“We’re stopin munchkin don’t worry.”
Loki regarded the outstretched hand, he did trust his alpha. He was just afraid. He didn’t have the energy for charms nor had he been taking any Midgardian means of birth control and now his body was forcing this awful heat upon him. A horrible thing that would turn his body into a coffin yet again.  “James. Please… I…”
“I'd take it that Mallen doesn't tell his lackeys much then?”
“I um…” staring again, smooth Rogers. “Fine, everything’s fine.” someone put me out of my misery.
And the voice...the voice was one they heard before, one that gave them all pause. One that changed them all forever.
“Little bruised up but nothing a hot shower and some scotch can’t fix. It’s sweet how you worry about me though; buy yourself some Prada - my treat for being such a wonderful caring and capable assistant.”
Tony looked down at the medical information, it was the pre-serum work up, and there was a similar copy in Steve’s SHIELD file. However, this one was much longer with details Tony had not seen.
He wanted to believe the omega, but if he did that opened up a another set of complications. It's hard to save someone who doesn't want to be saved. For now, he had Jarvis monitoring Loki and at the ready to alert him should the man take a downward spiral.
The alpha  chuckled softly before draping himself over his mate and pushing slowly inside. “So bossy. It’s a good thing you’re pretty.”
‘, remember that Tony.”
They had been happy; even though there had been times, Loki feared that his child would be like him. Somehow, his alpha chased those fears away with soft touches and steady words.
Tony sighed happily and polished off his odd lunch. “Don't look so sour honey bunny, You know my favorite treat is still tall dark and handsome with a side of moody.” He winked and lounged back on the sofa.
Steve uttered from beyond the door, “Look there is...ya now what no. I'm not explaining it; I just have to do this okay? Can you just...go to the bedroom and wait for me?”
Steve had always been the kind to turn his nose at the idea that omega ’needed’ to be cared for. His mom took care of him and he turned out fine, better than fine - he was a bonifide national treasure. Although he didn’t feel much like one at the moment.
Steve bit his bottom lip, they were going to…. “Fondue…” The omega whispered looking up at the low ceiling.
One food, that's all I had,
Tony had no idea what happened, his knees gave out and then Happy's arms were around the his shoulders. Pepper was there touching his hair and repeating those tearful apologies. But it was like listening through water, it was cold and far away and he felt like his heart had stopped and he was just floating there in limbo. It was like having the reactor torn out all over again.
“Tony are you ok?”
Jarvis had been playing something softer than what Tony was used to. Pepper thought Tony needed to expand his working playlist to something mellower, turns out - the percentage of small fires/ explosions - had gone down since making the switch.
The last tell was the small foreman’s office on the observation loft. The doorknob was cleaner that it should have been, rubbed from turning with a gloved hand.
Something about the blondes voice didn't exactly scream welcome home, then again Tony shouldn't have expected it to after what he'd been putting Steve through. As soon as the kids were out of sight the omega crossed his arms and lifted his chin. A challenge to even try anything remotely funny.
Mortals ask me if I'm hungry , I always am
“Last location?”
Pretending to love him.
“I wanna admire this monster for a bit” Tony said, with a little smile. “Look at you, all shaved for me. Did you do that last night?”  Before Steve could answer, Tony leaned forward and slowly bathed the tip of his cock in hot breaths.
“Learned from the best my dear.”
There was no easy fix for this. No way to undo the damage that had been done because too much time had passed for that. Steve knew all the guilt Tony carried around already for the people he couldn’t save and the weapons of death and destruction that his fathers company made. His husband felt all of those pains as uniquely as if they were wounds on his flesh. Now… they truly were. Steve could see the scars from Vengeful’s rough edges on Tony’s arms and signs of the past months etched on the inventers face. This wasn’t something Steve could chase away with words and touches. No amount of assurance that he could provide would cleanse this away. All he could do was be here. To stand strong and be partner Tony needed right now.
Tony just stared blankly at the door, "I...I can't tell Pete that. How do I tell him that...?"
Bruce returned and thought over the Captain's words carefully, “Thor mentioned that to me not long ago, I told James to have Loki come in and see me if he just didn't trust Shields doctors. I know I'm not exactly that kind of doctor and he has been a little leery of me, but our options for that sort of thing are relatively low.”
Anthony grew and flourished.
He couldn’t do that today though, today he had to go back ‘home’ and face the memories. He had to clean himself up and look suitable for Steven Grant Rogers - Stark’s final send off. There would be no one to tell him pretty lies for the faithful. Tony didn’t feel a think when he looked up in the misty morning sky. All he had was a memory of empty space and alien armies. There was nothing beyond the veil as far as he knew.
"Cancer Sir."
Yet, after she was gone… it didn’t seem so ugly. In fact, there had been many a night after his parents passed that found Tony with this blanket draped around his shoulders. Savoring the faint smell of Channel No.5 that still permeated the woven threads.
“What? Barton? No ‘that’s what she said?’ I’m disappointed in your lack of frat boy humor. Did someone take away your dartboard and make you all pouty?”
She doesn't say anything and maybe thats worse cause all he has is the harsh click of her heels on the floor when she leaves. Tonight is going to be a monster when he gets back to the penthouse.
It may have been comical if there had been a cricket in the tower at that moment. However, Jarvis maintained strict anti pest protocols. Therefore, the room was silent save for a soft ‘wow’ from Clint.
So he pushed away, he did what he did best and put on a liars smile when he heard the things that broke him. When everyone reminded him that it was his own fault for how others looked at him. When his own brother left him.  He pretended to not care and locked himself away.
“No.”
“Operation divide and conquer in effect sweet cheeks,” Tony chirped over the coms.
“Right, you're absolutely right.” Her tone spoke of regret so great it crushed the very life inside. “Extremis is fitted into a few billion graphite nanotubes and suspended in a carrier fluid. It was suppose to be the ultimate answer. It all seemed so damn elegant Tony, a one shot step to perfection just like the original super-soldier serum. Only...”
The holo screen changed to a surveillance video showing the Winter Soldier standing at Red Skills side. Schmitt’s hand braced firm on the masked assassins shoulder as the crimson faced tyrant addressed a group of hydra operatives.
Steve fell back losing his footing and tumbling down the stairs, he flailed - the shield embedding into the wall and pausing his fall. Gazing up the other soldier was already descending the stairs, blade in hand.
When Barnes woke up early and cooked breakfast for all of them-, Steve just smiled. Because Bucky always did things like this, Bucky always took care of him. Maybe part of Steve's selfishness was because it was like the old days. Bucky with his one raise eyebrow and quirked smile that almost said 'bless your heart' every time Steve did something strange; Bucky and his resolute ability to just get things done even when no one asked him to.
“I’m not in heat you know.”
The two to them dissolved into a fit of laughter curling up around each other in the tangled sheets. Little-by-little Tony’s hands found their way back down to the small bump, both men went quiet, just laying close soaking up the morning sun filtering through the windows. This was the first time they had done this- just stayed in bed for hours enjoying each other. It felt like it should be some kind of milestone in their relationship. Considering how busy life could be moments like these were so fleeting.
"My name is Natasha. I think you know that. By the way, you look better with out that whole crazy glare going."  She smirked over her glass. "Drink?"
A faint acrid scent reading of pain and loneliness wafted up between them like a terrible ghost whispering all of his secrets.
James is behind him in two long strides, heavy hand on his shoulder. “The you fix it. That's what you do, and we kick its ass cause that's what we do. Me, Nat, Steve, Clint, every damn person in this tower. We got your back, as annoying as you can be your my brother now. I won't let you down ya here me? Till the end of the line Stark.”
Stark dipped his head with an easy smile shutting the door halfway, “I’ll be here if you fall in.”  He said before disappearing out of sight, presumably returning to his seat.
“Morning Kurt how are you?” Loki managed to smile, and it was genuine for once. When it came to Kurt Wagner, the x-men known as Night crawler, had managed to endear himself to the mage. In all honestly, Kurt was easy to like, he was kind and always looking after other. Despite how some may perceive the man due to his characteristics. Wagner was a kind soul and just the right person to connect with the fallen prince.
There were times Tony had wished Steve wasn't so damn self-sacrificing, then again look at some of the stunts he himself had pulled. Then something else occurred to the alpha. “Steve...could you be... I mean, hell I don't know if you could tell but..” Even the thought of this now worried him. “Could you be pregnant.” It was too much to hope for and maybe selfish considering the state of things in the tower, not just between. After the talk he'd had with Barnes Tony knew there was enough bad news to go around. He'd love to have one spot of sunshine right now.
Barnes was allowed to go in and see his omega after Bruce had done the best he could to make Loki comfortable.
Loki smiled and swam over offering the hybrid creature a pat on the side. “Not quite darling, this is Sleipnir and he is very special. There are no more like him.”
Learning to fly (Superfamily)*WingsVerse
The ravenette was minding his own business with music playing as he sat brushing his hair at a clearly off world Vanity, no way that gilded monstrosity came by Fed Ex.
He was almost sure that everyone was lying, until the quin-jet arrived. Until he saw them. Now, sitting here staring at a photo of their family Steve doesn't know how to feel. Doesn’t know what’s real.
Not that he wasn't pleased, he'd always longed-for Loki to reach out to the others – he wasn't holding his breath for it of course. James would often look to the interactions within the tower and feel a hollow ache that Loki didn't want to be apart of that. He knew that if his omega could just find it in himself to let those walls down for someone other than him that Loki would flourish. There wasn't anything like the  feeling of pack when times were hard, having people around you to share that burden and cheer for your triumphs. James having grown up with Steve, his sisters, and even later in the army – had always had that. Having lost that during those dark days under Hydras thumb, he wished for it again.
written in Loki's POV
“I…I can’t” Steve looked down sheepishly, considering his height and that he might step on the alphas feet and potentially harm the smaller man.
Tony looked up nose wrinkled. “Doing what thing?”
Today Loki hadn't eaten breakfast; he looked so uncomfortable even trying that James didn't have the heart to push the issue. Instead, he just kissed the slim man and said “It's ok Doll, maybe you'll be hungry later huh? We'll just put this up for now and you can come back to it when you feel like it.”  Loki had seemed relived and gone off to one of his daily haunts in the tower.
There was a time he would have laughed at someone who worried this much, someone who agonized over every decision, someone with regret. There was a time he would have been glad to make it to his next birthday, yet would still throw himself into a fight to protect someone he saw being wronged.
The omega looked up to see Stark standing there in black suite and tie, staring down at Steve in disgust.
Steve couldn’t even give the life inside him a chance or even control that fact. Shield thawed him out to fight a war, if they hadn’t needed him…he thinks they would have left him.
James has bought stuff at gas stations and a drug store. He knows snack food and witch microwaveable burgers are fittin' to eat. These are both extremely important things. Also, why do they need toothbrushes? They have perfectly fine ones at home, and he's pretty sure there are like 10 more in the bathroom closet with the 20 rolls of Toilet paper. Oh, look what’s next.....Toilet paper.
Barnes stepped of the treadmill, “Fine with me, no powers though Dollface.”
The brunette panted as he was jerked back from his prize, saliva dripping down his chin. “What’s wrong big boy?”
"Someones happy." Tony smirked as heavy hands settled on his hips when the lift doors closed and lips found their way to his neck. "I saw you Spangles, it was a wonder we didn't have to say the pledge to flag ya got."
War machine locked on and the shoulder torrent whirled as rounds flooded the firing chamber. “Don’t make me do this, we can talk about it. Just come down and talk to me Tones, I know your hurting but…”
“How do you take your tea Agent Romanov?” Loki asked, standing to head off toward the kitchen.
“Loki..”
It's lonely and it's cold when you feel like you don’t belong anywhere. Like waking up in that fake hospital room all over again, years in the future with nothing familiar and everyone he once knew gone.
"On what date? Is there a yearly day of courting on midgard?"
With her location in mind, Amora headed to the surface, catching the jet stream and drifting through the sparkling blue waters of late afternoon.
“I do love a frontal assault.” The billionaire quipped.
Loki moved along silently behind the group of inquisitive teens. From the moment the group had entered SHEILD he had felt eyes on him. There was a time that he would have taken this as a direct challenge and behaved as obnoxious as possible and try to prove how superior he was. That felt like a life time ago, days when he had been a foolish child and an angry young man who felt the need to prove himself without even a hint of provocation.
“Yeah well I like to think I’m a conisurer of good pie, and Gino’s is the best.” Tony said biting into his own helping of the cheesy majesty.
I think that mutha fuka broke my jaw!"
“You’re scared, so am I.”  Steve’s voice wobbled slightly as he reached out to his alpha. “But this will make me feel safer.”
Fury knew that, just as if Tony knew it.
“What…” Howard felt the blood drain from his face as the siren lean backward over port side. Tony still in her arms. “NO!” he screamed as the Siren slide backwards into the water with a splash. He ran to the side tugging off his jacket. This could not be happening. He looked out into the dark see where the ripples departed into the rolling waves.
This would be his favorite new toy, the former friend of Captain America, bargaining chip and human bomb.
“That is no lie brother. You are no more a monster than I, you are my family. You are James' mate and family to all here under brother Stark's protection.” Thor pulls the sobbing raven from his embrace to look at him.“You are Frigga's son, no matter who bore you.”
"You missed a hell of a show captain" A familiar voice called from the doorway
Stark wasn’t a religious man, or even superstitious, yet he wanted to believe that Steve was by his side. That for a moment it was like old times when Tony dawned his red and gold armor. When they fought side by side.
“The thing, the thing where you just say a lot of things because there’s one thing that you’re not saying.”
“Stylish yet simplistic, Steve we have a little fashionista on our hands. She gets it from me obviously.” Tony said sliding the little yellow enamel daffodils into his daughter’s hair.
Pulling Tony into the jets private bathroom, Steve tugged off his own gloves and set to working open the zipper on Tony under suit. He knew Tony needed to feel the air, and hopefully that would stave off the panic.  “Tony, darling… look at me ok?” Steve spoke softly as he set the billionaire down on the closed toilet lid. Fingers working to free the slighter man from the tight fitting neoprene.
Tony cringed, when Pepper ‘would like to speak’ that was pleasant British tech vernacular for ‘you bought to get your ass chewed.’  “Patch her through J.”
..................................................
He had always said he was going to wait for the right partner. It felt right with Tony, but what if the inventor did not feel the same?
He had gone Too far this time and there wasn't a way to come back from this.
Loki wanted to believe that, and seeing that crinkled little photo gave him a breath of hope. Kurt had not let not being able to have a child stop him from having a family.
Thor glared at Clint who pretended like he hadn’t said anything.
James rolled his eyes, “Right wouldn’t want to get Stevie's  panties in a wad now would we? Okay I’ll bite, How the hell are ya Tony?” Not that Barnes actually thought this was going to be a social call, unless hell had frozen over. On the other hand, maybe Natasha had gone back to the tower and shared her concerns with the rest of the pack? That was an option, though he liked to think her discretion would have at least extended to telling Stark not to call and pester him. Cause honestly if the man was about to give him a lecture then he was going to go over there and jam a boot up that spoiled brats behind.
Loki felt something lift in his chest as he kicked in the warehouse doors. His soul objective since coming here had been to make it to his alpha by any means necessary. Not taking into account how the fear and aggression could have affected him. Standing there his chest heaving and skin slicked with sweat and spattered with blood. Eyes half crimson and pallor littered with splotches of blue. He had no idea the kind of figure his off kilter appearance struck against the smoking battle field tableau behind him.
He would spend hours watching people in the city, capturing their movements and faces. Making up stories in his head about the kind of lives they lead. Lives so much more interesting than his own.  The facades of buildings, the sleek body styles of the cars on the streets. The Loews Pitkin Theatre with its bright lights and film posters, Steve use to dream of being one of the artists who made movie posters.
Barton laughed as he loaded another arrow. “That again? Seriously?”
“You humans have gods to ask such favors from do you not? Yet you come to me… how telling.” She grinned and for the first time Howard realized how sharp her teeth were. How deadly she really was beneath all that beauty. “Where is he? Can he not ask himself?”
“I got you Tones; I got you ok? Don't worry about it. I'm gonna haul your heavy ass up to the surface and we will wait for your dad to come and get us. Everything going to be fine.”
“Steve! It’s your call.” Natasha’s voice rang over the ever-nearing sound of choppy water and rumbling beneath the sea.
“I'll try.”
Tony was going to do it himself; he was going to be the ultimate weapon.
Her hand shot out grabbing an angled wrench, before Howard knew what was going on the metal slid in front of his wrist and swiftly pulled his hand away. Out of reflex, he pulled the trigger, the bullet embedding into the ceiling as Peggy grabbed for his hand. She was quick taking the gun from him and soon had Howard on his knees with his hands behind his back. He screamed at her to let him go but she didn’t, she just kept telling him how he was going to get through this, how she wasn’t going to let him die.
“If you’re asking me to move in you’re a lil late there shell head. I think my toothbrush has been up here for about a week.” Steve replied with a laugh pulling on his own clothes. “But yeah, I would like that.”
Human AU
“I beg to differ Captain Rogers. Monsters are very real.” A voice called from the entryway.
The blush on the blonds face was all he needed to confirm.
It had been a sentimental move at best- when things went to hell that the Archer had immediately sought out his omega. Phil might take him to take him to task for it later but in the moment, it was sweet.
Tony looked somewhere between wanting to lock the soldier away in a room with filtered everything and padded surfaces and trying to remind himself that no longer was an issue. If Tony took a few steps closer then he could blame it on biology.  “So, that all you need from us for now?”
The tower took on a domestic feel that Steve wasn’t used to, the closest he could compare it to was when he would go to Bucky's apartment as a kid, Between Bucky's mother and his three sisters it was no wonder why the beta was so protective. The Barnes house had always been a flurry of movement and sound- between the close quarters and thin walls it was a wonder anyone got rest. Mrs. Barnes rattling off things in Hungarian and usually wearing out Bucky's ear for how thin Steve was every time he came to visit.  The memory brought a bitter sweet smile to Steve’s face.
“Very well, he will make good leverage for the avengers. They would not dare move thinking their beloved Captain is in danger. Take him to the rendezvous  point.” With that, Skull stepped into a hidden elevator and disappeared.
Pepper noticed right away, “Steve, if  you noticed something strange you know what we all agreed. Loki might be Bucky's but if there's any question on if he's doing something wrong…”
Tony felt his stomach drop as he looked over her shoulder. Steve…no it.. That wasn’t possible.
“Jarvis …I will mute you.”
Tony wants to say he's not a soldier, wants to come back with any number of quick witty retorts, but all he has is static in place of words. Like rebooting a computer, his brain was just fuzz and colors while only the basic systems were online. What he wouldn’t give to tell Barnes that he doesn’t want to give up, he won’t give up. They just need a little more time.
“To be fair they are Swarovski.” Tony grinned at the glittering implement.
Tony gotten concert tickets for their third date, but unfortunately the baddy of the week showed up and spoiled their date plans. Therefore, instead of rocking out, the team was busy being knocked around by rock monsters…yes rock monsters.
Tony of course, was being his usual overindulged self. “ You know Jarvis could have done a scan and we would have known instantly! This is barbaric ….peeing on a stick Steve.”
There's a sigh and then the door cracked open a fraction, Steve already looked a little disheveled, “Yeah I know.” He said, gently accepting a kiss from his alpha. “Go make your call, see ya in a bit.”
It warms Thor's heart to see his brother smiling softly as the Captain shows him how to bake something called a 'Peach cobbler'.
Back at the tower an increasingly worried AI had discreetly paged the towers only other omega to the penthouse.
Steve rolled his eyes and let the shield fly - knocking back a row of approaching combatants. His adrenalin thrumming through his veins and his team together and now Tony at his side. They where gonna give Hydra hell..
They ended up taking Steve to a local hospital; SHIELD was no longer an option now. Phil had Natasha had been running all sorts of interference media wise. Between the Agent and Widow no one was going to open their mouths and let it slip that they had Captain America in a private room tucked away in a wing of the hospital that was still mid renovation. Natasha could be terrifyingly convincing, she had gotten closer to Steve on this mission and seeing Cap hurt drew out a protective nature in the Alpha that even she didn’t understand.
He watched for a moment before taking a seat a few spaces down from the omega. Bruce hadn’t wanted Loki to feel crowded. Finally the ravenette sighed and spoke.  “That’s hardly necessary. Though, perhaps it would be a comfort to James after…”  he paused looking down into the cup.
“Tony….”
“Nothing so far, we don't know how close the outside cell is. It could be no one is coming.”
“Brucy, so nice of you to stop by. So how are things?” Tony spun around sipping his coffee, Irish of course…actulay more booze than coffee at this point.
She let out a sigh, “you have a lot of explaining to do Phil.”
And Joanna… she couldn’t handle his baggage, the nightmares…the depression.. The dark nights when all Tony wanted to do was put a bullet through his brain. She didn’t sign up for that, and he couldn’t force her to try because really…he had never tried for her.
a dark part of the soldiers mind supplied. He felt a shiver run along his spine at the faded flashes of memory. Dark water and the boom of metal and glass crashing into the sea. The way the hull creaked and leaks sprung - firing out bolts like bullets.  Those moments after impact when he panicked and for an instant changed his mind. He’d been so sure…he put the bird down with a clear head and he was sure… but then the deeper he sunk the more he realized he wasn’t so sure.
Just a side note- Steve’s chapters are not in line with Tony’s time line sorry if that’s confusing let me know.
Jane wasn't confident if it was her place to reveal or not. “This...it's an omega issue. There is a lot more emotional factors at play here.”
“Bucky, .James…” Steve blushed; he still didn’t understand what Bucky saw in him. The older boy could have his pick of any of the lovely betas in their neighborhood. There were even a few female alphas who had made their interests known in Barnes. It never seemed right to Steve that his friend was so stuck on him.
Hawkeye barely shifted a glance to his teammate landing on the rooftop. “Didn’t expect you to stop in. Visiting hours isn’t for a while though so unless you brought me a snack you’re not helpful.”
“What would you think about....adoption.”
….never speak to me again.:Loki
There was that air of something horrible hanging around them. Of course they would have Pepper do this, she was the safe bet. Happy was there in-case Tony lost it.
Zipping up his boots the Captain began to think less of home and more to his duty, today they would be working with a few unenhanced recruits so his shield would likely be tucked away in its case unless Coulson came in and asked for the old 'razzle dazzle' for the newbies. Steve thought maybe Coulson got more of a kick out of seeing the shield than the recruits did. Even so, there was a small part of the omega that preened under the wide-eyed admiration as he let loose the star emblazoned disc.
“Tony…you, this is really too much…”
Upstairs, Tony differed to Bruce to explain. Banner wasn’t happy about that but he did so anyway. Tony meanwhile ‘excused’ (ran)  out of the dining room. The hallway leading past the guestroom reeked of Steve, tickling his nose with the essence of the omega and a lingering smell of anger and distress.  It made the alpha growl and walk faster to the master suit, he needed to get away from it. Get away from the thinking that had dominated his mind all day.
It felt easier to hand the child off to a wet nurse and swim away as if his hands were pained from holding the infant. Surely, a woman would be enough; he simply could not spend another day alone with the false child.
Tony went still at the omission, part of him wanted to just leave…needed to get out of here. Yet when he looked at Steve, he couldn’t. Leaving Steve now would be rejecting him when he needed help the most. Tony knew to well what it was like to be left out on your own. They would need to talk about this later, and they would - but right now Tony just held on tighter.
“Anything.” Steve returned taking his partners offered hands.
Loki had surrendered everything, all because he couldn't bare to see other die, to see them suffer for his ignorance. He had aided in the impossible and destroyed a titan – at the cost of his own body. In point of fact, Loki had hoped to not even survive; he was willing to actually die on the battle field with the honor of a true warrior of Asgard, to perchance finally make his father proud. But then...he already had that, the old man had said as much. Feasibly it was cowardice that drove him into that final act, to go down in a blaze of glory. One could barely find glory is what he was presently.
“It's good to talk about it, as much as I can anyway.” Barnes said shrugging his shoulders. He had been getting better at talking about how he felt. Not only about the war and his time as the Winter Soldier- but other things as well. Like how he felt about being alive in a world where all of his family had already died and the world around him wasn't at all like what he remembered. Granted, he at least had bits and pieces of the decades he'd missed along the way. Steve had been more than willing to listen and ruminate over the past. “I just want to be there for him ya know. I wasn't before and that's on me. I wanna be better for him.”
Steve took a slightly deeper breath and blinked his eyes to the rumbling sound above him. He smiled and coiled an arm around the alphas waist, no matter what anyone ever said about Tony Stark - they never got to see this, never got to hear this version of the notorious playboy.
“No..” The halting words escaped with cracking timber. “No, I... No.” Squeezing his dull eyes shut Loki tried so hard to will down the lump in his throat. The world suddenly felt too big and too cold, and his body felt too small. The awkward dichotomy making his skin crawl and heart race.
Problems didn't arise until you threw in that horrid gray area of emotions and morality. Dilemma- didn't even begin to cover it.
“Where’s Tony.”
“He’s…a little withdrawn. Kinda of the way he was when we all first meet.”
Steve was there every step of the way; Captain America was taking a little vacation from active duty. He wanted to be there while Tony worked to find himself again.
Steve reached out for the inventor’s hand, “You’re adorable you know that.”
A cold chill ran down his back considering how he might avoid such a fate. Alternatives and equations playing like a black and white reel in his minds eye. The phrase
When the heat was finally over, and the pair stood together in the shower - scrubbing away the sweat and grime. Loki turned and curled into his alpha, dropping his head to the slighter mans shoulder. “I’ll be ready again; I ask only the time to return to myself.”
Loki had taken the first sip of his tea when the doorbell chimed.
Romanov approached, her hands tucked into her jacket pockets, “ So, it must be resurrection Sunday. Not going to say hello to me Steve.” she wanted to punch them both, yet hug the breath out of them at the same time. Still the assassin kept her face passive and tone light. As though seeing two dead men was just another day at the shops.
Later that Evening as Tony was once again pouring over Intel, this time hacked from various government agencies, a call came in.
Maybe he should have.
Barnes steeped forward and gently unfolded the omega's arms to get at the mans hands. “Callus, nah never you doll, little prickly at times but not callus. I'm glad you're here ya know. Couldn't leave without giving my best guy a kiss good bye, now could I?”
This had to stop, he had to protect the only thing in this world worth protecting.
“Tell him to at least make it a sleeper…”  Steve replied as they made their way back to the bedroom.
It wasn’t long after that her twin was born; screeching with tiny clenched fists and full head of hair.  “A boy.”
“Aww that’s half the fun, well that and sponge baths. I’m sure the nurses have already drawn straws a few times to see who gets to suds up old glory.”
The idea to simply stop his suppressants and wail the request in the throws of ecstasy did cross his mind. That seemed a little trite though. The speedster even thought about dropping hints with parenting magazines or pregnancy books. Clint didn’t read anything unless it was comics or porn. Therefore, that was out.
Banner turned the fuming male around and looked him in the eyes. "If you go down there and do anything then Tony has won, he is trying to tune you up. Don't give him the satisfaction."
The drive from the city was pleasant enough, not accounting for the occasional pothole.
Meanwhile
Right now it felt like any happy ending like that was a million miles away.
“See that you do Buck.” Steve pats his shoulder before moving over to Stark who's standing there in his gleaming suit of red and gold. Early morning sun dancing off the armors angles and curves. It's a new model and usually Stark would be bragging about all the new bells and whistles before a mission. Not today, today he stood there with an unreadable softness settled around his eyes. Eyes that were only for his omega.
And now some cover art..made by me.
Trying to relax in their temporary apartment left him feeling anxious. Loki could feel his skin prickle and itch with nervous unrest. This wasn't his safe space and feeling his body trying to claw its way back to health here seemed unnatural. He knew this was all in his head, some primal need for the familiar. Definitely, he was safe, this was no worse than being on Asgard as a child. In the days before he felt the bitter sting of profound betrayal. Perhaps even as a boy he'd known he wasn't quite right.
Phil pulled out a phone and taped away at the bright screen that scrolled with various information. All to fast for Steve to get a peek at. “He’s closing in on something big, the bases and sleeper cells he sent Stark to before were just smaller parts of the whole. The idea was to get Hydra and Aim running scared.”
“Thor good to see you!” Steve greets cordially and allows the alpha a brief hug, thankful that the god did not squeeze him.
He chuckles brokenly at her use of the term, “I'm not god...I'm a monster Agent Romanov. I am paying for my sins and unfortunately, James is as well. I was short sighted in my desire to him and selfish in my love. He should not have to suffer for me.”
That morning's gym session had been a productive one. It felt good to leave the apartment without having to worry, Loki had been having a streak of good days and it felt like the steady progression into healing was really gaining some traction. James hadn't felt that tug of 'stay' along their bond as he had come to sense so much lately when kissed his omegas brow. That morning had been a gentle one filled with soft touches . A soft word of “I'll be back soon, just down in the gym if ya need me.” and a return of “Take your time my darling.”
He took the little image triaging over the outline of his children with his fingertip. “Do you have any pups?”
“Can I count on you?”
Barnes took a bite and nodded along before pouring himself a large cup of black coffee to wash it all down with. “Speaking of, the kids coming to Stark industries? Would'a thought Tony would have been all over that.”
Steve had made to 18 weeks without any trouble. The twins both looked to be growing at the appropriate rate and appeared to be healthy and thriving. It was a massive weight off the couple’s shoulders. With more time behind them, the twin’s chance at survival went up exponentially. With that, the fear of something happening went down little by little. That was not to say there was no risk, the babies still needed to make it into the next trimester safely. If anything happened, they would be able to survive outside the womb after 20 weeks, though the more time they had the better, as twins were typically smaller.
Natasha climbed the stairs to join him, fighting the strong winds and ocean spray threaten to throw her from the ship. “What is it?” Her voice struggling to be heard over the thunder and winds.
He followed the whispers of guitar up the beaten path that lay washed in the hazy yellow glow of work lights. A fond smile touching his lips when spotting the engineer under the old rusted harvesting machine. Rogers stood there a while just admiring the form of the man before him. Tanned skin shining with sweat and grease, the spiced scent of labor and oil sent a shiver down his spine. “Tony.”
Consider the worst pain you have ever felt and multiply that by a thousand. Even then, you’re still falling short of what even a breath of this was like. This was worse than the shrapnel in his chest, worse than the water boarding, worse than the car battery he had to tote around or die.
"Sexy naughty Tony!
Where was he? What happened?
“Looks like he’s four floors above you and not moving, he may have found something.” Coulson came back on the line.
Wade had been thrown out of a lot of places but none as nice as Stark Tower, or from that many floors up!
Wiping his mouth on the back of his forearm Steve tried to straighten up and just breathe. This would pass, it had to pass.
Tony sniffled and rubbed his sleeve against his nose. "Really?"
Loki just sat there and stared, sometimes James would come into the room and find mirrors shattered and things knocked of shelves. Somehow, he doubted Loki had moved in order to cause the destruction. Yet he never complained, he just picked up the mess.
“I was letting you have a head start like the gentleman I am Bucky-boo.”
Nightmares.
Birthday baby (Stony)
“Want some company.” the brunette said making his way into the dining room.
“Or before yeah ya know if they need us. Peter has a spare pair of glasses and Wendy's inhaler is...”
"Yeah...yeah he is." Steve had a little bitter smile at that, he wanted to say 'but he's my idiot'; however he didn't. Bucky had so understood about that but still... They had something all those years ago and now, now, Steve wasn't sure what they had. Whatever it was he knew he loved Tony too much to just abandon what they were building together. Why did his heart have to belong to two of the most beautiful and infuriating men in the entire world?
The ravenette unfolds himself and frowns. “Is this your attempt at bonding with me Steven? I assure you, you need not feel so compelled to suffer the resident wretch any favors.”  Loki tries to sound angry but it just comes out broken and sad.
Loki always fell outside that following.
Must love pack meetings, not right now though thank you, he still had 37 more Tony Time mins. Then and only then would he be prepared to handle whatever else was required of him. If it weren’t too pressing,  he would try to get in some little Tony time with Steve. He had missed those glorious serum infused buns.
(See the end of the chapter for
Maybe one day..... Even if there isn't a cure. He will find a way to live together with his monster.
“Yeah I know, I just have this feeling you know.” He smiled to himself, it was like when he was carrying the twins. After he found out he had a feeling, this warm rightness that settled in his chest. It felt like sitting in the sun when you've been cold all winter or that first sip of coffee after a brisk run in central park. Maybe it was just wishful thinking.
“That’s not good…” Tony muttered crossing his arms and joining the Captain.
Steve baked when he was bored – something Tony found endlessly funny.
Steve had said, leaning over him and just looking down at him, there faces a glow from the reactor.
Steve took a breath and gently slipped the photo from his Alphas hand, running his thumb over the slight crease the over excited man had placed on the image. “This is ours. Tony, I’m pregnant.”
“So; Nicky baby isn’t dead? Well I guess we should hold the sympathy balloons then and order a bottle of champagne. Or should that be the other way around, cancel my champagne and send me the sympathy.” Tony said setting down his welding torch.
Getting the ravenette out of the room was another trick. She's be able to look around if just for a few moments, she hadn't been overly concerned that Loki would use his magic. In the few dealings she had with him since his and Barnes return, the omega seemed to take a “lets not give the mortals anything to comment on” stance. Never using his talents in any of the Avenger’s presence.
“I’m sorry what? It sounded like..My ears heard that you wanted, nah  you said you want another baddy right. Since reindeer games is off the evil train, no worries schnookems, I’m sure another evil drama queen from planet Euro-flare will come and ask you to come out and play.”
“Of course my bright boy. You can be the prince of the sky if it pleases you.”
For the last few centuries, they remained hidden, or at least most of them had. Those smart enough not to court their own deaths at least.
“Tony we have to do something.” Steve had been watching Loki and Bucky closely and could feel the pain between them.  Everyone could feel it, Loki moved through the tower like a frigid breeze. One would have to be blind to not see it.
“Dang, here I thought I'd have a captive audience. I guess tiny Steve stories are only as good as the history channel can make them. I could tell you one about big Steve though.  You might understand it better than most. How you you can close your eyes one moment and know what life is and what your doing and then waking up and feeling alone and lost.”
“Sir, young Master Peter will be sent up to the pent house in fifteen minutes.”
What’s to say Steve even wanted this? Why would he? The guy lived for the mission. Steve wasn’t Steve if he couldn’t get out their and make a difference. Now, Tony had stolen that from him.
“Tony…”
“Better hate us and be alive right?” Barton said.
“What’s the matter sailor? Lost your nerve?” The siren challenged, a smirk curling her full pink lips.
The blonde turned around to see the simmering young man in the doorway, arms wrapped around himself looking utterly broken.
He sent up and order for doughnuts and coffee become getting back to work, after all nothing spells productivity like sugar and caffeine.
What do you say when the worst thing happens? When the one person who you thought was so strong cant keep up the mask anymore. Are there words that make it better? Sweet lies that stay on our lips that say 'i had no idea' , or  'but they were so happy?'. That's the thing about moments like this, no ones ever ready for it.
“You are incorrect again Mr. Stark. Open the folder and read the file.”
Steve sat up eyes blazing, “Just get to the point Stark and stop playing around. Say it, say you know what Howard and the wonderful United States Government hid about me. Go ahead and make your jokes.”
After she left, James was alone to sort out what had happened while he was on his shopping trip of lies. Loki hadn't said much as they put away foodstuffs and chatted idly about dinner plans. He hadn't wanted to push, only asking in a conversational tone is Loki and Natasha had a nice visit.
“It wasn’t just that though was it Pep. You like to say it was your fault cause you called it off but the truth is I can’t do relationships. I don’t know what’s wrong with me, maybe its some repression shit from Howard…who knows. Point is I never could put you first, Steve doesn’t deserve to be treated like that.”
"Doggies?" the little one looked up through his dusty hair.
Bruce looked at the test results, the chemical reaction for each solution due to the given hormone found in the sample was clear. “He’s progressed too far to stop it, but given the symptoms and his levels now I’d rather not try and wait and see if he balances naturally. I’m worried that even with the serum the stress could be too much since - essentially the serum is attacking his body.”
Tony and his cocky smile, though right now Steve wouldn't trade it for the world.
“I know...I'm so sorry Steve. I just... I did what I had to do; you have to understand that there was no other way. I promised to come home to you baby, that's all I wanted to do.”
The brunettes eyebrows crept up, “Ah well hate to burst your bubble but he’s dead and I don’t deal much with his old business. Stark industries have really taken a new direction lately so if this something about old patent I can direct you inside to a lovely lady at reception who can take your name and information and someone can give you a call.” Tony was about to wish the man a good morning and take off before the geriatric could verbally assault him… old people can be crabby.
“No, I’m just wondering if you’re real or if all the stress finally addled my brain.” It would not be that much of a stretch he thought; perhaps he had never even left home. What if this entire week was fantasy and he was really just looked away in some asylum right now. Maybe his mind had broken from losing his wife…and his child.
He couldn’t take it anymore.
“Loki, can you hear me? It Bruce, you're in the tower. James brought you...” He hesitated a moment. This was for the best, Bruce had to know.. “Do you want to see him Loki?”
Tony smirked and climbed onto the bed. “Ah don’t worry marshmallow puff; I still think you’re sexy. Oh by the way!  Jemma left you this little beauty!” Tony fished a nursing bra for male omegas out of his pocket with a leering smile.
Steve was stronger than most people believed. He took care of her and always managed to smile for her.
“Babe I promise you, that I  would tell someone. I know this ...this stuff with Extremis is hard but – I would never. Ever. Leave you and the kids. You are my world do you understand that?”
The alpha sat back and huffed out a sigh, “I thought...well ok that's not right. I knew he wasn't handling things great but...We've been trying, for a kid see. These things just don't always happen right out the gate, I don't him that but Loki....When it wasn't happening..”
Moreover, this was still Loki. The God of mischief might have a new face but still waters run deep. That almost other worldly green of the youth's eyes still sparkled with ...what was it he said in Stuttgart...ah. 'glorious purpose.'
Perhaps the foolish prince could still be of use.
He made brief eye contact with another lost looking alpha that seemed to be in the same boat as him. Poor guy was using his phone to ask the voice search what brand was most preferable among omegas. James had to give the guy points for that, although that wouldn't have helped him because...Loki.
“Bucky…Bucky…”
“Sir, Captain. I am sorry to interrupt but there is an urgent transmission from Miss Hill for the avengers.” Tony’s AI came over the unseen intercom.
Pepper cleared her throat thinking of the Russian alpha. “Ok point taken you care about them I’m proud of you.”
Steve flinched slightly at the billionaires tone.
I also made some fan art to be posted within the Story. This is made with avatars so yeah.. if you don't like it don't be rude. I put a lot of effort into my digital cosplay characters.
It didn’t mater though because now Steve was up too and when the alpha made a play to grab him, he pushed the hand away with a poisonous glare.
Gifs from films -Less than Zero, Captain America:First avenger
Like glass going down and shredding you from the inside until your heart is nothing more vicious fluid that dissolves and reabsorbs into your soul. Tainting a once white shining light in the decaying blood of your former self. What is left behind is a murky cold thing that stinks of death and despair. A dark disillusioned thing that grows thrones and vines that strangle out all the happiness and joy. It weaves its way from the inside out until the heartbreaks victim is shielded from anything other than the hate.
Now coming in was a silent affair, the armor would open and disassemble - parts heading to be cleaned and any damage to be addressed by Jarvis’s diagnostics. Small things tended to by the bots and anything larger would get Tony’s attention later.
“No… I…I didn’t but…” his jaw clenched. They were trying to trick him.  “I told you!” The blast shot out in a brilliant red beam.
“Captain…”
“Ok cap, but can I have a head start?”
The beta smiled and slipped on a pair of gloves, “Ok Steve I’m going to check your gland, and then I’m going to do a quick saliva based test to assess cynical output of your o-estrogen as well as your current A-Testosterone, progesterone and cortisol. This will tell me if we can try and hold you off heat, or if we should go ahead and try and get you through it by giving you an o-estrogen a boost.”
They sat quietly and polished off a few pies between them. Tony felt ridiculously comfortable, he really could nap right about now but that wasn’t going to get anything done. “So…”
“Don’t worry, we’ll get you comfy.” He said, casting an appreciative eye over the omega. Tony would be lying if he said he hadn’t wanted to see more of the good Captain since they had been seeing one another. However, he’d kept things slow for Steve’s sake - sensing his normal ‘Stark charisma’ might not have been well received. Further, if the Alpha was honest  - Steve meant a lot more than his usual conquests. That was a fact that sometimes terrified him to no end.
Stark looked at the flushed omega with hooded eyes. “I wanna know how sweet you are all over Steve.”
The next few minuets were spend trying to get a nearly delirious super soldier under control, and as much as Tony hated doing it, he ended up growling and commanding Steve to be still. The effect was both productive and unfortunate. It made Tony wonder if that was the real reason; the government never let the truth get out. How hard would it be for some army to soup up an alpha with doubled pheromone production that could kowtow Captain America? The mental image of Steve kneeling before some hydra Alpha made him both sick and incredibly pissed off.
"Boring. Completly and utterly boring.I thought you were different." Loki scowled. He hated being told no.
’, which included detailed notes on how exactly Coulson and his spy pals could harm Stark and get away with it. It seemed even Shield’s  ‘den mother’ was prepared to go all Tiger mom on Stark if he so much as coughed in the wrong direction were Steve was concerned.
Tony followed the not-Steve letting lose a barrage of small rockets. Unfortunately, the imposter was hunkering down and not making it easy. Stark landed on a peak intent on blasting the doppelganger out of his little hidey hole. When the shield came flying out of the rocky crevasse and slammed into the suites right booster before ricocheting back.
Sure enough, Tony fired up the suit and the right boot sputtered and smoked. Enraged the Vengeful armor used its remaining booster to launch at the Captain.
I answered a question and was more or less told off that if your writing isn't perfect it's not worth reading. And that it's not writing for yourself if it's published.
Tony gasped at his Ai. “Et tu J?”
“I thought we discussed this…” Steve groaned, “I’m not going to be one of those omegas that stays naked and in bed all day…ah…Tony…” his argument was less than believable when spoken between breathy moans.
Bruce scrubbed his palms over his face. This was absolute insanity. “I can’t stand by and watch you destroy everything including yourself.”
Thor looked down at his hands, capable hands that could summon light from the heavens and crush any opponent. Yet..they never could save his brother. “Have you seen him?”
Damn that kid for his speed because one moment he was across the room and next there he was clinging to Starks jacket. Face open and and not a lie in sight. Damn him.
The Asgardian promptly began plating their dinner as his mortal poured two generous glasses of delicious wine. Loki spied the full glasses and naturally wondered if he should have more than one tonight and perhaps later come to James with a unique desert in mind.
“I am not weak... I am not weak.” The mantra falls from his lips but the words are already dead. The voice in his head disagreeing with every syllable. “Stop this...stop stop stop...” Feeling his stomach drop and a sudden tremble that makes the taste of acid rise in his throat.
Something on the alpha's expression turns sour, “Maybe you don't. Maybe the old me was broken and not worth knowing. This me…this is who you need babe. Can't you just accept this for what it is? I mean, you're getting a hell of a deal here.”
Steve had thought about it, a lot recently if he was being honest with himself. Maybe the whole 'biological clock' thing was a big farce, but he still felt something. Just a few days ago, he had been packing up some of Peter and Wendy's old baby clothes to pass along to Pepper and Natasha. He sat there holding a pair of Wendy's little socks and almost cried. He missed it. “Yeah and… I think I’m ready to tell people. When the kids were young, I didn’t realize how much it hurt to have people look at us and think it was strange that two Alpha’s were raising pups. I guess I put it out of my mind because we had other things going on. Peter is getting older and I don’t want him to be ashamed about being an omega.”
“Of course Sir.”
“Was thinking about retiring anyway, get the hell away from you people.”
It was a normal day when Sam came back from his morning job on the docks and tossed the paper down on the table. “I found us a job.” he said gesturing to the paper.
“Sure, whatever you’re having is fine.”
There was that smile of Steve’s, that big, crooked, almost childish smile. “I hear someone one else likes him too, and you used to accuse me of running into trouble.”
Steve didn’t say anything about that, just walking into the closet and moving over a few of Tony’s sport coats to show the palm scanner. The system recognized him and the door popped open. It broke his heart to see a stack of picture frames, a jewelry box and his shaving kit inside. Pepper was only trying to help.
“Christ Almighty....” James says and Tony realizes he must look like shit for one of the Brooklyn boys to take the Lords name in vain.
They all knew that of course, but did Steve? Maybe that’s what made this whole thing worse, Tony could see it in his friend’s eyes - Steve thought that this could all be taken as easily as it was given. That if something went wrong he’d go right back to being that sick kid. Tony was reminded of his own cruel words, ‘everything special about you came out of a bottle’. That wasn’t true and right now Tony ached knowing he’d ever said it.
Tony of course considered that security would be to the gills and wasn’t coming in the front door; the helipad on the roof looked good though. Moreover, he could spot Barton up there watching the entrance, bow at the ready.
“Come on big guy.” Tony prompted feeling the shiver run through the blond after having the gland examined.
____________________________________________________________
James didn't have to be the friend Steve remembered. He wasn't Bucky anymore; he hasn't been for a long time. Even though he's not the winter solider either - he can never get the memory of both parts of himself to leave completely. So in the end he's someone new.
Tony bit his lip as the mental image clouded his hind brain of the blond on his knees. “You minx...I love it.”
There was a brilliant blur of red hair as Natasha Romanov swung from one deck to the next, using her pistol and cutlass alike. She flew with ease around the mast - kicking other men from the narrow ledge as they attempted to board the ship. For a brief moment she had lost sight of the others but did not worry, her boys were smart. They were the elite among the ships sailors, a special group renowned for their prowess in battle both on land and sea. Natasha having earned her place among the very few women fighting on the battle fronts. Some among their enemies had taken to calling her ' Black widow'. Comparing the woman to the deadly female spider whose colors she often wore.
From there the legend that was Captain America would be born, but it would be a legend with selective highlights.
The mer guards at first did not know what to make of the interlopers, at first thinking them cohorts of the beast, then seeing the beings attacking the creature as well the word of the “land walkers“ among the sea traveled quickly and made it to the ear of the king.
“Doll. Just let me..” he reaches out again but Loki's gone, shimmering out of existence.
“I wouldn’t do that human.” A voice called as Howard turned to reach for the cross bow like weapon.
They needed a lamb for the slaughter.
“Babe?” Hawkeye questioned the dark home.
Peter was terrified, Wade was on a mission and he could not get him on the phone. Soon, all the fear came to light of what if something more permanent happened to the alpha.
“Dropped off like a ton of bricks. I could scent it to...even more than usual, gonna go out on a limb here and assume that’s not a good sign.” Tony said, gently shifting out from under the sleeping super soldier and walked out of the small space with Bruce.
Stark looked far too smug right now but honestly Steve couldn’t bring himself to correct the other man because his whole body felt like it was sinking and floating at the same time. So ok.. Tony could be a smug little shit for now.
Regardless, sitting in the lab doing nothing wasn’t going to help. “J, save everything I’m working on and shut it down. I’m going to bed.”
“This is going to suck…”  Bruce said crossing his arms.
She rolled her eyes in response as they stopped in front of a room. The door had an electronic lock, so not a typical patient room, maybe a containment room. Tony wondered as she reached past him, nimble fingers punching in a code.  “Don’t annoy him with your winning personality if he wakes up.” She warned.
Peter didn't seem to believe this and when his Uncle stepped back in reach he latched onto the man hugging him tightly, “Please don't be sad okay?”
“As you wish Sir.”
“I won’t give up on you Steven!” The inventor sniffed back his tears and now was down in a chair by the soldiers bedside clutching the mans hand and kissing the omegas knuckles. “I…I love you.”
“Don’t tease Mister” Tony poked at his giggling son’s ribs, “You’re staying in till your 40. I’m not letting some crazy alpha take away my little Peter pan.”
“I see. “ Charles nodded thoughtfully. “ Might I suggest you come by the school and talk with Dr. McCoy. Hank has quiet a few interests including collecting documents on any and all topics. As they say two heads are better than one.”
Alpha was caring for him. Steve felt his body relax even more as he drank down the offered water.  When the bottle was drained, the omega sighed and turned his head to nuzzle against his alpha, a content little purr rumbling in the back of his throat.
Tony sat back with the open journal on his lap, it was clear…Howard had some sort of feelings for Steve, even if the old man never acted on them. God Tony hopes he never acted on them.  Why did that even bother him so much?
The child lowered his eyes with a sad smile, tears glistening on his cheeks. “Faith in my self?…oh Thor..” It was then his lips trembled and he ran into his brothers arms.  “You really are the biggest sweetest idiot in the whole of the nine realms.”
“I woke up a few days ago, do you think the meeting had something to do with that?” Steve asked, although he already knew the answer. If Tony knew he would have come to get him.
Tony could tell that Steve's head-space was much younger than usual and he would have to take additional precautions. Taking out the diaper bag he had in the linen closet for 'just-in-case' scenarios like this.
Images flashed as the AI went silent, although it seemed less like acceptance and more like irritation on Jarvis’s part, if that were possible. However, Tony did not care. He had enough of people telling him how to feel or how to heal his broken heart. He wasn’t like them, no book club or widower’s message board was going to some how fill the hole in his very soul.
Then there had been his CO in the Army, he couldn't even remember the mans name now. Just the grizzeled old face and eyes a pale green almost white. The way the man never really shouted the way others did, you just knew what was naturally expected of you. He vaguely remembers a time after their first deployment when one of the men received a letter from his sweetheart back home saying they were pregnant. The boy had been so troubled because, like so many young men, he hadn't had a father himself. James instantly remembers the old war dog sitting down next to the kid and tugging the letter from his shaking hands. The way the old alpha folded it up and slipped it in the youths pocket and said. “You write back, say you'll send half your pay with each letter and you love them both. That's all ya gatta do son, that's all ya can do for now. You love them and provide for them. Let the rest come when you'
“Yes Sir.”
It seemed the AI was at a conundrum, “Sirs…perhaps you both might meet an amicable agreement?”
He was polite, but distant and when Xavier asked, he declined to aid in the X-men's activities. Teaching was one thing, but he had no wish to pledge himself to any cause, he wouldn't spend any more of his life being a soldier under anyone's banner. Not Odin's, not SHIELD or the Avengers, and not the X-men. That wasn't to say he would walk away from a fight. Loki had been very clear with the professor that if the school was ever at risk, he would protect the students with his last breath.
This was one such day, like so many others when Bruce entered his apartment at the tower and found a very pensive Loki glaring at a Stark pad. Glares were not good, glares meant someone had said or done something and now Loki felt compelled to make some sort of grand statement to the contrary. The last time one of these glares got out of hand- Tony was turned into a ferret for a week. While that wasn't necessarily dangerous...it did make for a small fuzzy and highly volatile billionaire scurrying around and stealing everyone's keys, watches, cellphones,...everything. So Bruce tried to be a little more observant moving forward from that little slip up.
A blue holo-screen appeared in the center of the room with a very serious looking Maria Hill standing in an office somewhere, (What was left of Shield had gone to ground)
They both knew that Jarvis was letting her win, but it was still cute. The AI was an excellent big brother and watchful eye where the twins were concerned. Tony just smiled and shared a look with Steve.
Bruce raised his palms, “Welcome to shit creek, no paddles allowed.”
Was this the legacy he would leave for his son? Cap’s history would make a far better narrative for Peter to live up to. Not Tony and his sorry sack of co-dependent alcoholic shit.
“Come on honey, talk to me? I mean I know my voice is sexy but I wanna hear you too ok? The alpha touched his chest and arms easing the omega bit-by-by, needing his fingers into the tense muscles and slowing the blondes breathing. “ That’s  it, just breath with me Steve, that’s right honey. You‘re so good for me.”
The task seemed easy enough and Peter was so ready to help. So sitting at the table and watching an egg timer seemed like an obviously important job. It would also leave Loki with his back facing the child where Peter couldn't see his face.
She was gone, ripped from him before he could even know her. Leaving the omega lost in a waking nightmare, a world to cruel to believe in. A world he wanted no parted of and so… He simply left it.
Amora uses her magic and Loki's that still resides within the gem to not only supplement the infant’s life source, but to change him into a mer.
Even James was crying now and that hurt even more. Loki found himself reaching out for the man and sure enough his alpha was there climbing into the bed and hold him. Holding him like he was worth something, telling him he loved him and that it was all going to be alright. Words came spilling out him that were once hidden in the darkest reached of his own mind, words he never wanted to give the alpha. Yet he couldn't hold them back now as that weakness reared it's ugly head and tore down his carefully constructed walls. “I ache inside, I feel it every time. I want to give you children, our children. I never thought myself capable of that but with you...I want them so badly. I know it is so selfish given all I have done...all the lives I have taken – to want to feel life with in me. James I can't take it.... I can't take feeling this pain anymore.”
Natasha threw him a wink and shifted her eyes to were Tony had planted himself at Steve’s right, despite the fact that there were several other empty seats.
The ravenette wrapped his arms around his belly; the cramps had started in his back and shot through him like a bullet. If felt like the same torturous pain that came with an unaided heat. “Ah… I do not know… James… James.” Loki had never been one to truly show his fear but now…now he felt that fear so acutely that there was no way to mask the tremble in his voice.
“Was I in there to?”
Of course, now… now he could almost see it, scratch that, he could see it. Right there in black and white.
As much as this joy filled them, Steve found it hard to be happy. Especially with the fallen god in on their Guest floor. Even Tony had to it admit it felt wrong seeing a guy that strong looking so weak.
Barnes did understand,, now that he thought about Loki wasn’t far off from Steve cycle wise, he idly  wondered if maybe that’s what his omega was so worried about. They had been trying with no success, was Loki wanting to stop? “Yeah…no I get it. Look, I’ll keep my ear to the ground for you on this one and if anything pokes it’s head out I’ll be sure to get on the detail. You just look out for Stevie.”
Bruce just shook his head and looked down at his own hands a moment. “You know, I asked someone that once. I didn't think I deserved to be helped with all that I had done. OR..rather all I am. But every one needs help Loki. Sometimes its not about what we think we deserve, but being deserving of what we get. I just want to help you because you need help, I hope that you will let me do that.”
Barnes started to pocket the phone but thought better of it. Instead he cracked open the back, crushed the battery and sim card before chucking what left.
“What the fuck!” Tony stopped, both hands tugging at his hair as the shower cut on. He really needed to install that coffee maker in here like he's been meaning to. Caffeine might have calmed him down because right now he felt like someone had just torn out the reactor through his back. “Damn it Barnes! You said you were on this!”
" Rise Up" (OT3- TonyBologna&TheSuperSoilderSamich)
The theater room in the tower had never felt so awkward.
Stark nodded gently prying Steve’s hands from his shirt and placing the larger mans palm flat over his heart. “It’s me Steve, alive and…for the most part well.”
“Perhaps..Doctor Banner...I just no longer care.”
“Entering the building now.” Slipping into the dimly lit hall and making his way through the maze of office rooms and storage areas. Taking out a few guards along the way, Barnes noticed that their concentration seemed to grow higher as if there was something or someone they were trying to stop him from reaching. The woman calling herself Madam Hydra perhaps? On the other hand, was it Mallen and the vial of extremis.
There had been a fight and he’d been separated from Natasha, he was pursuing someone.                  Flashes of images filtered through his mind rapidly.
“Yeah yeah,” His hands move mine and he’s smiling, that cocky little grins and crinkles his eyes. Not that to big press conference one he uses when he wants something. “Good news though, I didn’t break Captain America, I just…added on an extension.”
"You had me from Bacon"  By Loki of Asgard.
The doctor’s face gave nothing away as she finished, tossing her gloves in the bin. “You can get dressed now Captain.”
“Siren…with…golden hair…she’s…so angry …” Tony groaned his head tossing back and forth. His whole body ached and screamed, like lying in a pile of prickly urchins.
“No..” He shakes his head violently, ink strands of hair shrouding his face as their smooth texture fades away showing the messy dull waves. “This is my fault, it's mine.”
They fit well on a lot of levels. Both not the most emotionally available of men - somehow found a way to let down those guards for each other. Tony was able to talk about things that he worried about, things that still made his heart race and send images of dark rock walls and vast deserts of scorching sand into his brain at night. Steve was able to voice how alone he felt at times in a world that wasn’t his. There was no judgment in the transgressions they both had committed. Steve wasn’t as ‘without reproach’ as the history books liked to claim.
The omega looked down at the little plastic test in his hands, they shouldn't have done this, should have let better sense prevail. They hadn't though. Peter thought there would be no way his fathers could stop them if he and Wade bonded.
“I’m sorry Bruce!” Tony cried out as they found themselves cornered against a high trench wall. “It’s been nice knowing ya buddy…If it’s any conciliation, I’ll let him eat me first, because ya know…bro code. This was my bad, I accept that.” The young mer blubbered as the beast opened its jaws poised to consume the children.
“You need to talk to him, he’s hurting right now because you didn’t bond him and before you say anything I know why you didn’t. I’m sure you just wanted him to be sure and able to fully agree to something like that. It’s just how he was raised. Right now, he’s feeling a little worried that maybe it didn’t mean as much to you as it did to him. He really cares about you Tony.”
“It's nothing, do excuse me.”
The key to any relationship can not be summed up into just one fundamental trait. No one can merely point to one thing over another. Communication, trust, love, desire, flexibility, caring... everything and a million others.
Like the curve of the Captains lips and the shape of his jaw, how young and innocent he looked laying there all scraped and bandaged. Not to mention his hands, Tony didn’t even realize he had been reaching out until his fingertips brushed over Steve ruined knuckles. He imagined they must have looked horrible hours ago.
“I could hit ya instead?”
“Nonsense, plus I want you to look nice when I take you out.”
Green eyes shift left and right through the shadows, she knew someone was here.
Glaring up at the ceiling he trying to remember how to breathe, having not felt this helpless since back on that ratty cot in Brooklyn. They haven't had enough time it would never be enough but not now. “Tony, no please...someone please... Bruce ...please…” He doesn't now why he's begging or what the hell anyone can do because even now, he can feel Tony slipping away and there's nothing he can do. Steve can't even be there to hold him. Tony... his alpha is out there alone and dying and he can't do a damn thing to stop it.
Steve groaned feeling his head fog as he raised his leg letting it drape comfortably back over his alpha’s hip. “Just do it, please Tony I need you to.”
This baby would have never existed.
“I need to go pick up Peter and Wendy.” Steve replied. As if fetching their pups at the ass-crack of dawn was just as natural, crucial, and breathing. God forbid Barnes might feed and water their mini-mes and have Rock of Ages drop them off all nap ready.
“Dad…”
The bedroom was dark and a little bit cold. Steve tried to convince his mother to take one of the lamps from his room to keep her warm.
True, they were an unlikely pair, but they had love.
Slurred words begging someone, anyone, to make sure Loki was with Steve or Pepper, wouldn't make sense. Bruce and the med assistants would just smile and nod. “Don't worry Mr. Barnes.” they'd say and the world would fade to black once again.
Stark looked up and then away, biting his lip in uncertainty. “Steve and I... before we adopted Peter… we tried ya know.”
Jim smiled, that was the thing about the Ai - once Jarvis liked you, and he was willing to bend some code to help you help Tony. Even if the AI were master wouldn’t be too happy about it. Thinking over the offer, using Patriot seemed like asking for trouble. It didn’t take a genius to know who that armor was modeled after. “Feeling nostalgic tonight J, how soon can I suit up War Machine with Tony’s current location in the GPS?” He asked, hoping Tony hadn’t blocked his access to the gps. It had been a concession back when Iron man was still on the front lines, that War Machine would have full access to location incase Tony was captured or injured and unable to call for help.
Steve snapped the journal shut and sat with his head in hands.
“Ah…yeah about that, playing hookie actually. I figured if I had to spend time with an old man talking about nothing, it might as well be an interesting old man.”
Tony opened is eyes and felt himself sinking, Darcy was drifting limp in the water a tendril of red creeping into the water from her temple.
She smiled softly, holding the chart to her chest, “An ultrasound.”
The inventors dark eyes lingered over him a moment before Tony shrugged, “I had to do that alone cap, you understand that right?”
Loki really did. The last thing he wanted was for his little boy to suffer stigma. He had worked so hard to make sure no one found out or even suspected that Tony wasn’t his son. He knew how badly that would hurt…he had found out by accident that he was in fact not his father’s son. Of course, he never let on that he knew and the secret remained to this day. Yet that had changed him as a child, reinforcing the fact that he was different - unusual, strange. He never wanted that for Anthony.
When the thin omega began to sob Steve just wrapped his arms around the other man. He whispered assurances for the other to let it all out, to purge all that poison from his heart. “Just give it up, you don't have to carry this anymore Loki. You are never alone.”
Steve liked to make sure people ate and when there was food he always cleaned his plate. Coming from a time of poverty, Pre-serum Steve wouldn’t have had regular meals and the ones he did have would be meager at best.
Steve huffed and batted the hand away, “Gee thanks Buck, its twins so I have an excuse.”
"You're sweating. Are you alright?"
They never got those pancakes.
Stark looked up from his desk and ran a hand through his hair, “Yeah I know, hell, even I can't take reindeer games like this. Not to mention what this is doing to Barnes.”
Steve walked out of the penthouse holding the baby. He had no idea what this was about, the film in question was a little farther down the list it seem.
In addition, Coulson was busy putting out fires where Fury had been concerned. In his own way he was protecting the Alien prince just as he did the rest of the pack.
It didn't make it much easier. Steve sat up with him most of the night rubbing his little boys back and telling him they would be behind him. That everything would be ok.
The siren rose with a flush in her cheeks, eyes glittering in the low light of the jellies. “A miraculous thing has happened Thor, I was touched by the Norns, and the very gods of the seas came to me and chose me to bare this gift. A gift for you.” She spoke, reaching out to clutch at the prince’s chest plate.
Most of all she hates him…that child, though the child is now a man who looks much like the foolish mortal who begged for his life. That child ruined everything for her. She could have been queen, could have everything that little slip of a mer was going to get and more. She could have had Thor.
Steve was on his feet immediately rushing to the glass partition surrounding his bed.  This seemed bad, was he still asleep? The soldier pinched himself and nope he was defiantly awake.
It was believable, then again it should be. To the untrained eye…it would be, to someone who had not been around this kind of tech for years it would be perfect. They wouldn’t have noticed the way the faint rays of light filtering through the broken windows seamed to shimmer. Projected camo technology, it was good - maybe even the best. However, even the best had its limits, the energy field energized to employ the cloaking over the area wasn‘t with out its flaws.
“Wow…you’re boy Barnes works fast Steve,” Tony commented with a little chuckle. “That does complicate things, but hey I’m a reasonable kinda guy. If Robocop wants to bring his alien babe to the tower then hell…the more the merrier right?”
“Are you…seeing any one?”
Stark chuckled, “Not great, I have a little problem, well it might not be a problem yet but the ETA on shit hitting the fan  is a little sooner than I’d like.”
“No, Stark did that not you. You sat back and watched.”
Tony felt like he was meeting his father for the first time, this was a man was younger than he is now and just starting out. This wasn’t the Howard Stark that called his name with a drunken slur and barked angry orders at his mother. This man was someone with hopes and dreams, so unsure with his future but excited to see what lay ahead. Suddenly Tony felt cheated out of getting to know this man, what had changed so drastically to take away the hope from Howard Stark? To turn him into the dark figured that stalked through the halls of the old mansion yelling and smashing decanters of bourbon against the walls.  What breaks a man that much that when he’s put back together, what’s left is just... a mess.
Howard went into the cabin and looked down at his sleeping son; Tony looked so small and vulnerable. “Everything’s going to get better ok honey?” He said with a bittersweet smile as he opened the cradle and lifted out the infant. Howard wrapped the boy in a blanket to protect against the cool night air.
Loki had smiled then so freely, back before time had taken that from him. Slowly turning the sweet, sensitive, happy boy into a bitter, broken man.
The alpha had no idea what was really going on behind the dark oak that separated them. Later he would wonder why he didn't listen to those subtle tugs and pulls within their bond, why he chose to dismiss them as the usual strops that Loki was so prone to.
“Tony...” The profound uncertainty was clear in Steve's voice. “Are you sure it will work? I just don't...I can't lose you.”
“Attack. What?”
“No daddy. If I go you’ll both disappear.”
“Pep…”
“Enough” Bucky glared over his shoulder.
Watching the former villain in battle form was a lot like Thor, only a lot less brute force and a lot more grace. To be clear, if you had to compare Loki's style to anyone's' it was probably the closest to Natasha's. He moved with a deadly sort of grace, like a dancer as he dipped away from blows and pivoted around obstacles. The twin daggers whirling between his fingers, sometimes departing his hands with lethal velocity and into the bodies of surrounding assailants. The knives where then called back to his palms by an unseen force.
Until the world once again needed its First Avenger.
“Barnes…B-buck...” He chokes and tastes hot coppery sludge spill over his lips. Tony can hear Barnes changing the clip in his weapon and doing his best to hold down the fort for the both of them. Super soldier or not – Barnes isn't a match for Mallen, not anymore.
Stark: new asgardian porn movie ... my friend flickaaaaaaaah*
Peter sniffled and turned his head - eyeing his father mistrustfully. “Daddy…your face is naked.”
“Why..why be kind to me.”
As with many nights, Bruce held talks with Dr. McCoy from the X school. Hank had been working with mutants for decades, while Loki was unquestionably not of mutant origin – some of those had similarities in physiology and abilities. Even so, these similarities in power did not mean one could count on that to overcome their issues.
Steve tried to push up on his elbows only to hiss from the pain in his abdomen, it took Tony all of three seconds to jump up and push him back down. “Not so fast Cap,” the brunette chided
Aforementioned man had crumbled into a laughing fit when he walked in on Steve covered in spaghetti with two rowdy pups in high chairs declaring to the pups “I can do this all day.”
“I am pleased you like it; shall I have a room prepared for you? Although, possibly that is too forward of me, would you like a day to prepare yourself first?” He said already knowing the answer, he’d never force her to lay with him and she knew that. She would have her own chamber near to his and if they never shared a space together then so be it.
That evening when Peggy went to bed and Angie curled her arms around her, she sighed and pressed her face into the waitress’s hair. “I’m worried for him.”
When Steve did find his will to come back in, he did not say anything, not wanting to ruin this tenderness. He just sat down and sipped his coffee, offering his fee hand to one of Tony's. The loose grip on his fingers made him smile, it was a little stronger than yesterday and that was a good sign. Even if they had a long way to go. They were not going it alone, it would be the three of them.
“He’s coming back to the Tower with me. You all are, Tasha, bird boy... hell even Agent can tag along.”
Loki laughed and leaned against the desk, "That's the first thing you notice? For shame Mr. Stark, but if you really want to know.... Lets just say your guards are easily convinced to let an egar young lad like myself through." He purred slipping off his jacket, letting it hit the floor behind him.
This was only one of the chores he would have today, breakfast would be forgotten entirely- save for a bit of bread he was able to stow in the pocket of the apron he wore about his waist. After cleaning the rug and clearing the table, while listening to a cacophony of jeers from his stepbrothers. Steve was already making a list of the things he would need to do today lest he draw the ire of his stepfather.
The doctor hummed pulling the safety tip from a syringe. “I’m not surprised. You can try to get some water into him after this; if he cannot handle them, we’ll do an IV. Ok Steve I’m going to give you a few injections in your hip ok? Then we’ll see how you feel.”
Tony glared at the ceiling, “What! No, you do not say no to me I made you now find me some god damn day care!”
Loki looked down at his hands a moment, considering the broken and cracked state of his one pristine nails. “ Indeed, I can understand such a thing. Tell me Steven.  How  do find life as you are now to who you were then?”
Waking up on that big soft bed with Tony softly snoring into his chest had been amazing. He had never felt so content, even so, Steve wondered if he deserved that kind of contentment because later that day they would send Bucky with Thor to Asgard.
Without James, or their niece and nephew running around; Loki felt the silence bone deep. Even Duchess's soft snoring from the front porch did little to sooth the crawling under his skin.
Steve’s whole world changed after his friend, and someday mate, left for the war. He couldn’t take no for an answer and tried one more time to enlist.  As luck would have it that was the day, Rogers met Professor Abraham Erskine.
“Right, of course”
“It means I'm about to do something very stupid.” This was looking about as bad as things could and Tony had to make a choice.
“We’ve got him Tones.. Can you tell me what happened?” Bruce asked as Coulson and his team gently took Steve away from him. Simmons was shining a light in Steve’s eyes and Tony breathed a sigh of relief when he saw Steve’s head turn from the bright pen light. He was ok, well maybe not ok ..They needed to know what caused this.
“Tony stop!” he shouted. He glanced over to were Natasha was holding Clint back from running out and joining the fray. He waved his hand for the bay doors to be shut. He had to do this alone; no one else could get hurt.
“Stark?”
video of RJD singing ..omg I cant even *dies* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buVevbf-GJQ
After the melt down things were a little smoother. Steve sat down and read some of the Captain America fan mail that was sorted and sent to the tower. He liked to do more than just send a photo and a per-typed thank you. Call it old fashioned but Steve liked to read his letters and write back when the opportunity presented it self. You never could tell if something like a letter from someone a child looked up to might make a huge difference in their life. A few particular letters had touched him over the years. Kids with less than what he had growing up, those in bad situations (Those he enlisted Tony's help if he felt a child was in danger.) And little ones battling illness that they were likely to never beat. So if a single letter could lift their spirits, the effort was well worth it.
Bruce had been chatting affably with Colossus outside, they seemed to be having a very enthusiastic discussion about traditional Russian meals. Banner had been much the world traveler in his days before the avengers.
" yep . Now come on sweet boy I even have your bath crayons."
Truth be told, Steve was excited too. A whole day alone with his Alpha that didn't include hours in the workshop, missions, paperwork, or fighting giant angry robots hell bent on destruction. It was kind of wonderful.
Steve scowled and snapped the book shut, “No I’m not, and don’t you have a meeting to go to?”
This was something that started all those years ago in that dusty tenement bedroom shortly after Sarah Rogers’s death. Bucky had come over with a bottle of whiskey and the two friends sat and reminisced. He didn’t think getting Steve drunk would end like it had, or that he’d want it.
The soldier could tell a lot was going on in his old friends mind by the way Bucky had stared at him just moments after the sounds of battle settled. That this all had been as hard for Barnes as it had been for Tony. Steve knew however, Thor and Loki had been right in keeping the brunette off Earth, because there would have been nothing to stop his old friend from falling back into the darkness of the Winter Soldier.
“What?” Of course Tony could imagine why, he knocked up Captain America. Knock. Up. Captain. America. If Howard could see him now… The old fart was likely rolling in his grave, or maybe he’d be oddly proud and clap Tony on the back for it. Considering the contents of the old mans journal Tony wasn’t so sure it wouldn’t have been the latter.
Tony glazed at the filthy water swirling on the shower floor and down the drain, “You don’t know anything about comfort Jarvis…you’re not even real.”
“Phil’s right,” Pepper leaned closer  and Steve could help but lean into her shoulder. Her perfume was sweet and soft it reminded him of his mother. “There’s nothing wrong with what you did. I’ve seen Tony handle a one nightstand and that’s not what you are Steve. He cares about you, id even say that he loves you. Would it be alright if I talk to him? I know how he can get when he’s confronted and it might be better.”
Barnes pulled the hands he held up to his forehead. “Thank you...I mean.” He couldn't look them in the eyes right now. There was still that part of him from back in the day that refused to look weak. “Thank you.”
Tony didn’t realize he was crying until little hands pressed his wet cheeks. “Why daddy…why” the little boy hiccuped and wept.
She nodded and headed out to the kitchen where poor Stark had been remanded after a particularly annoying comment about how he was sure he could invent some sort of cervix measuring laser pointer.
There was a shoe on the sidewalk and a huge dent in the side of the car with blood smeared on the silver paint. Someone had been smashed into the door. Was it the attackers?
"I want to warn you Loki, some of this can be very spicy. Do you want me to order for you?" Bruce offered.
Inspired by Song - My immortal - Evanescence
Phil held up his hands in surrender, “No, we are defiantly fighting Hydra and its alliances. I will admit I was not on board with this idea, but I haven’t exactly been doing much fieldwork lately for obvious reasons. When I have its all been so covert not even you or your fellow avengers knew about it.”
By the time, he went to work for Stark Industries, Tony cared more about women of all kinds … and a few men if he thought they were easy on the eyes; drinking and wild parties than he did about the company he never asked to be a part of.  Tony was building his reputation as a playboy. As a deviant, having been spotted out in an Alphas for Alphas club on occasion.
That was the first thought that went through Steve's mind when he woke up in a small, pristine room alone. The dejavu of it was almost laughable, even down to the radio on the corner table that sat softly playing. However, instead of a ballgame playing it was the current top 40, or at least the top 40 he recalled from before the mission.  The last thing he remembered was finding out hydra was behind the attacks.
“I’m coming in Steve.”
Yes there will be a WinterFrost Book2!
Maria always believed in him, always said he could do anything with that big brain of his. Looking down at the tiny boy slumbering in the monstrous contraption before him, Howard vows to do whatever it takes to make sure Anthony lives.
He hadn't felt this numb in years. It wasn't as if he could scream or lose his mind. He had to keep it together; there was a brokenhearted little boy who had already lost his family once that was depending on him. There was no time to morn what he lost because if he let himself do that he would break and he absolutely could not break... Stark men were made of iron.
Nothing.
There wasn't much that Loki had wanted and didn't get. After all, growing up a prince he was a tad bit on the spoiled side. However, something things can not just be given so freely when sought after.
Steve felt the sudden rush from several of the shots Bruce administered in the jet. Shaking his head to clear away the mild nausea that accompanied the inoculation. Strangely, Tony was right beside him.
The soldier gingerly walked out on his own, moving a bit more confidently in his strides. Tony assumed the blond would be well enough by the night if not by tomorrow morning.  Watching the larger man slide back into the bed Tony couldn’t help but wonder if now was the right time to say anything about the information he had. On the one hand, Steve couldn’t really run away from him. On the other hand, the man had been through enough right now without having to have his past thrown in his face yet again.  However, Tony thought waiting wouldn’t be ideal either, Cap was the kind of guy who would have felt betrayed if Tony had held that kind of knowledge. It would be harder coming out later.
Things had been quiet since the big reveal to the team, Pepper and Phil had gone about taking Steve under their wing. In the gentlest way possible of course.
This earned Stark a withering gaze and a declaration of - ‘it wasn’t that bad, I mean I know it looks bad…I wasn’t dying or anything.’ It was just like all those years ago when he was trying to convince the recruitment offices to take him. Trying to justify everything in his paperwork as just ‘mild’. Only to have that big awful 4F stamp slam down on his enlistment papers.
“No you won’t” Natasha quipped hopping into the one and only driver seat, “Haven’t you heard the term ladies first?”
“Tony! Tony damn it will you listen to me!” Rhodes shouted over the com, he didn’t want to do it but at least they weren’t in a populated area. “Tony I will shot you do you hear me!”
Tony didn’t miss how the younger man’s eyes trailed over Steve on the hospital bed; there was regret and a hint of longing there. Still it seemed that Wilson didn’t understand the protective feeling he was having either. Tony was used to being the smartest guy in the room but this time it felt almost unfair to have the edge this time.
The ravenette seated on the sofa hadn't acknowledged his entrance but hadn't outright told him to leave - so Bruce was going to call this a win. “I brought some tea. It's an oolong blend with cinnamon; I thought you might like it. Bucky says you have quite the tea collection back home.”
Tony flopped on his back and dramatically threw his forearm over his eyes. It seemed a safer bet to shelter in the make believe darkness than to look around at what Steve was doing. “They will be there at noon ya know.” The alpha groaned, “Better yet, why not have Buckaroo bring them to Shield and I'll just take you to work and pick them up then?”
Soon conversation turned away from mission files and reports and to Natasha and Peppers pup on the way any day now. The red haired alpha beamed with pride and James felt happy for her. He remembers Natasha from his brief time in the red room. The mental representation was bleary and he doesn't ask her if she remembers him. She does, he knows it by the way she never questions is command on the field. How training with her is like second nature even after all these years.
Just then a voice lit from the doorway.
It features Omega Steve...cause that is my damn crack and..yeah. XD so! if you want to read it /bookmark/subscribe and get ready for that i will be posting the cover chapter and foreword shortly. The Fic I'm anticipating may run 50,000-70,000 words over a course of around 15 -20 chapters. With updates Monthly or Bi monthly, depends how wild i go on it. For those of you who read a lot of my full length works - you know i tend to write fairly quick. so who knows, I'm going for longer chapters one i just hope you enjoy it.
“Steve don’t. Do not do that.” Tony stood from the table, his chair creaking across the floor as the man leaned forward on his palms. “ Don’t act like you’re the root of this because I’ll tell you what would have happened. If  Steve Roger had never been Captain America this whole country would be snapping their fucking heels to a hydra flag right now and my old man would be dead anyway. I, would be dead anyway because there is no way I would stand here and watch people be controlled by some glorified Halloween lawn decoration in pleather! No you can sit here and you can blame yourself and I get that. I am the king of personal guilt. Or, you let the past live in the past.”
Barton did not even break stride as he swaggered in wearing the shiny cat suit that barely zipped past his belly button. His arrows slung over one-shoulder sunglasses firmly in place, because so what if he looked like an S&M stripper. He was still friggin Hawkeye.
“What took you so long Stark.” Barnes voice piped through the helmet. Tony glanced over at the security feed and watched the soldier make his way to the main operation floor.
Tony made a comment about how sometimes when people feel that low they don't consider the after, only the escape. Something about the way he says it makes Steve look at Tony and see something he wish he didn't.
He didn’t even want to hear anymore, thumb swiping over the end call button before he could even think about it. Loki was a little too good at cutting someone off at the knees but James had never been on the receiving end of it before and it hurt. It hurt so bad to hear that silken voice turn to fire and razors, pouring salt in his deepest wound. He just couldn’t hear anymore, maybe this was it. Maybe they couldn’t come back from whatever was going on between them.
“ So do you feel better now?” Tony asked sipping yet another cup of coffee.
Stark looked down at their clasped hands and gave Steve’s a squeeze, “It’s not just the babies I’m worried about, we know that the serum has slowed down cause it’s working over time with keeping them safe, its you. I… I can’t do this with out you ya know that?  I need to know that you will be ok.”
Phil hummed, “You told him to leave didn’t you, cause you’re really one of the few if not only people who can tell Stark what to do and have him listen. At least a good percentage of the time.”
Steve rushed to the bow of the ship and look out over the swiftly raging sea, sparks of light that reminded him of the auroras in the northern sky, lit the water in flashes of viridian and magenta. The Captain griped the ship railings and squinted his eyes against the pelting rain and wind. If there was something out there, something likes magic or faith, it was in this place. Part of him thrilled in that knowledge and yet another part trembled with fear.
“Someone’s done their homework, color me impressed.” Barnes returned tilting his head. “You seem to know everything about us, yet all we know about you is that some crazy old weapons maker who lost his wife and kid. Sad story, but everyone’s got one. You say you want us to kill monsters. Fine, but unless your monster is a man or an army you have to give us a reason to go on this little ghost chase. Stevie here is a little too soft to take money from a senile old man.”
“So what do we know about this Mallen character?” Fury asks, as if he doesn't already know.
The pups cheered and pulled out new sheets of paper. Steve was sure that half a wall down in the workshop was covered with the kids doodles. It was adorable really, Tony had insisted they hang every single one and the workshop wall was really the only good place for it. Plus, barring any major fires the little works of art were safe and not plaster all over the fridge. Both very good things. The other avengers had equal amounts of the little tokens of pride from the pups. Such as Bruce's lopsided coffee mug, rainbow colored targets that hung in the archery and gun range, a Unicorn sticker still slapped on the side of Thor's hammer (he apparently thought it was a blessing of battle and no one wanted to ruin it), and all the times Bucky and Sam walked around Shield with painted nails or bows in their hair.
