My hand clenched harder and my teeth set. I could not speak, for I could not trust what types of words would come out of my mouth were I to open it.
Sherlock groaned in agreement while his arms finally uncrossed, falling limply to his sides instead.
“John, I think you’re becoming irrationally worked up over this whole situation,” Sherlock responded calmly.
They fell into silence as John’s hips moved, the only noises in the room being the wet slap of skin against skin and heavy breathing as they drowned in sensation. Sherlock arched his back, moaning, his eyes fluttering closed as he ran his hands up and down John’s back, scratching him slightly in the process as his cock was rubbed by John’s stomach, smearing them both with the plentiful precome which was flowing from him.
This is how Sherlock spends the next significant portion of his life. He doesn’t know how long it is and, for once, he really doesn’t care. He’s absolutely entranced by the emotions that pass over John’s face as he dreams, fancying that he could possibly even say what the dream entails simply by watching him. John smiles and quietly chuckles three times, his brow furrows in confusion eight times, and he slowly shuffles closer to Sherlock to the point where Sherlock also has to move to keep their still-entwined hands in a relatively comfortable position.
Once the food is cleared and the speech given, the tables are pushed to the side and the dancing begins. Sherlock and John stand along the side merely observing the crowd as they sip their champagne. Once their glasses empty, Sherlock offers to grab them new ones and makes his way to the bar along another of the walls.
He places it down gently and reaches for the coin in front of John to compare. This one, never having been in a protective case but clearly placed in pockets amongst other valuables, is shoddier looking. The background is black on both sides, one with the symbol for Her Majesty’s Royal Armed Forces, the other with a symbol for the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers.
“Yeah, it’s a strange sensation,” John agreed, kissing the sensitive skin at the join of hip and thigh, “Just tell me if you need a moment.”
John opens his mouth to inquire, one last time, about the legitimacy of Sherlock’s exhaustion, but Sherlock beats him to it with a yawn and a quiet, “Goodnight, John,” before closing his eyes and feigning sleep.
interesting, more weird,” Watson says, “but pull one of the chairs over; you’re more than welcome to join us.”
As soon as Sherlock had spoken, John’s attention had been drawn to him like a moth to a flame, but one look at the genius’ face of delighted rapture had his trousers feeling altogether too tight. Fearing that Sherlock would notice, John had made a bee-line for his bedroom.
“He’s not even going to tell him he’s leaving on what is most likely a suicide mission?” Watson asks, angry once again. He can’t help it: this version of Sherlock is utterly infuriating. He thought Holmes was bad, but he could clearly be worse.
There’s a nagging feeling at the back of John’s mind as he thinks about how long it’s been since he’s shared a bed with anyone. He knows sleeping patterns and habits are prone to change with age and partner, so “No,” he admits quietly to his best friend, he is not willing to bet on it.
Once they arrive at their destination, they decide to swing by the inn to drop off their bags before heading towards the pub. They know they want to eat a more legitimate meal (or, to be more precise:
“You had a nightmare,” I state, “that’s all I can tell,” I’ve always had a bit of a blind spot when it came to anything too in-depth with you.
“A suicide mission?” He asks Sherlock with hurt and anger, “You weren’t even going to tell me that I was about to lose you again?!”
“I’m not sure. I assume the faculty will be arranging a gift, but if you wanted to take something, then you could?” John answered, giving a half shrug.
“No. Continue,” Sherlock said, although his voice was much more breathy and needy now, his eyes flickering constantly over John as he watched.
Next a woman and her son approach the trio and the little boy immediately runs to hug Sherlock, who awkwardly accepts it and pats him on the head. Flashback to Sherlock talking to Archie in 221B about his duties as ring-bearer before showing him photos of murders.
Mycroft turns in the doorway, never being able to resist a touch of the dramatic, “You have no idea how this could change things.”
And now you’re married to someone else, and I only have myself to blame. She reminds me of myself in so many ways that I can’t help but wonder if I ever stood a chance with you, had I had the guts to try.
“Of course,” Watson says, not even sounding offended anymore, “How many people is that now that think Sherlock and John are gay?”
They go on to the balcony, where Magnussen insists on flicking John in the face (as a demonstration on how blackmail works) until Mycroft and backup arrive. Sherlock clarifies that there are no physical records, to which Magnussen agrees, and then Sherlock steals the gun from John’s coat and shoots him in the head.
Watson remembers the jealousy he felt upon seeing Holmes with a naked woman, which was completely unfounded since he was already married to Mary at this point in his life.
With a sob I should probably be ashamed of, I turned my body towards his. My hands went to his sides as my forehead and nose met his, our lips unspeakably close to the kiss we both longed for, but it was too dangerous in the light of day. Our position was already too much.
“Yes,” Sherlock complained sullenly, “it’s not like I wanted to perform exploratory surgery on him; I just wanted to see him stroke himself to completion.”
“Goddammit,” he swore quietly in reply, somehow thinking that he’s going to actually do this. He’s going to actually let this happen.
Henry remembers the actual events of that night: his father fighting a man, not a hound. There was a gas mask on the attacker, and his shirt proclaimed “H.O.U.N.D.” He’s stunned at the realization and John takes the opportunity to remove the gun from his loose hand as Greg arrives in the hollow.
Once done with that, Sherlock moves on to his speech, first broaching the topic of John asking him to be his best man. There’s a flashback as he describes it which shows Sherlock frozen, unable to properly process that he is John’s best friend.
And before John knew what was coming, Sherlock’s mouth was crashing onto his own with Sherlock’s enthusiasm to reach him.
“Stop talking, John,” Sherlock responds and goes in for another kiss which rapidly turns heated with a deep moan and a touch of John’s hands up and down Sherlock’s torso. Although still dressed, the touch is almost too much and Sherlock stumbles in his kissing, his body shivering and trembling.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said lowly, although he wasn't entirely sure which of the hundred reasons he was thanking John for, exactly.
“All one has to do is mention that someone is in danger or that it’s of national security and they’ve got your full attention.”
“I’d rather not,” Sherlock responded, looking straight forward as his eyes followed the progress of the car.
John sits in his chair, staring listlessly at Sherlock’s a few feet away. It’s a scene that’s very familiar to Watson; he would often steal away to 221B for stretches of time. Mary seemed to understand, but in hindsight, she may have just been distracted by her own declining health.
“Is it that surprising? Some people like that,” John scoffs before he drinks and settles back on the makeshift bed, piling the blankets on top of himself and shivering.
Anderson shifts from foot to foot uneasily before stammering, “Right, I’ll just leave you to it then,” and walks out the door.
John smiles as he guides the taller man’s lips down to his and kisses him with such a deep, devoted passion that they lose themselves within it. You always hear about the type of kiss that makes the world stop, fireworks appear, a shiver go through your entire body. But this kiss is different than that; it feels like the final piece of a puzzle has finally made its way to lock in to its position, and both men know they’ll never be apart again.
“You clearly think that settling down and having a normal life is something that you need, and, over the years, I have discovered that I need you,” he admits beyond his will. He detests being so open like this, “Now, I can’t promise you a traditional normal life, but I’m guessing by the number of times you have chosen to join me on a case over continuing a date that that isn’t disagreeable to you. You know you will never find a woman who will leave our dynamic unchanged. So, what I’m saying is that if you need to be in love with someone, maybe you could be in love with someone like me.”
“Very good,” Sherlock praised, “you’re so good to me. Now stroke yourself for me; show me how. Educate me.”
“Le...Lestrade?” Sherlock blinked roughly, before baulking and glaring at John as though it was his fault, “Lestrade?!”
“About as Bill showed it. First, one person presents their coin and announces the challenge. Everyone who was challenged must present their coin in a timely fashion or be penalized by buying a round of drinks for all those who did present. There is a ‘one step, one reach’ rule in which you can move to get to your coin; that’s what I had you use to get my spare.”
“I would never have done that to you: made you watch,” Holmes swears, “it was bad enough I had to disappear for so long and leave you to think I was dead but to make you watch it…?” he trails off, unable to think of a more heartless, unspeakable thing to ever do to his best friend.
John glared down at him, unable to process the teasing, “Do, and I swear to God I will cut off your cock with a rusty spoon,” he warned.
John removes himself from the overly warm skin with a flushed face, moving to kiss Sherlock’s mouth passionately as his hands begin to work on the buttons of the other man’s shirt. As if in answer, Sherlock’s hands finally dare to sneak under John’s jumper to caress the bare skin beneath. John pulls back and lifts his arms, as if surrendering. Maybe, in a way, he is.
John makes his way up to the flat to find Greg and Sally there with Sherlock. A kidnapping has occurred, the children of the English ambassador to the U.S. Taken from their boarding school, the ambassador requested Sherlock’s help specifically. The angle changes to a different camera, black and white, probably a security model.
Sherlock grabs his phone from where he finally spotted it on the desk and moves to help John down the stairs. Sherlock stops in the entranceway to grab his coat.
When you asked me to write your wedding dance, my heart broke a little more. I have written you many a piece throughout the years of our acquaintance (whether you realize it or not), but to write a piece for you to dance with the woman you have chosen over me? Is it not enough to stand next to you as you proclaim to love her always? Is it not enough to stand next to you and give a speech in front of a crowd that endorses this mistake my heart is screaming that you’re making? Now I have to write a fucking piece of music to bestow my blessing as she sweeps you away from me?
Sherlock gasped quietly, tensing as he took in the words. They warmed his chest at the same time they froze his brain. It was countless heartbeats before he was able to process it, but John patiently waited it out, a small smile on the lips still pressed to his shoulder.
“Right. Well. This has been a spectacular waste of my time. You are useless, Gilbert,” Sherlock sulked, placing the pad and paper off to one side and standing up.
Sherlock and John stop for some sightseeing, getting the lay of the land. Sherlock assumes a position high atop a rock while John utilizes the map to tell him what to be looking at. They spot Baskerville, Grimpen Village, Dewer’s Hollow, and Baskerville’s minefield.
“Now, Cap, that’s not very fair,” Bill chides, “hardly our fault that civilian food is more edible than army grub.”
With a deep, shaky inhalation, Sherlock came out of his head with purpose. He set the picture aside on his bed before picking up the gift he had finally chosen: a red notebook with orange and yellow microbe designs littering both front and back. Inside, the pages were gridded on the left and lined on the right; perfect for notating discoveries, both pictorially and descriptively.
John moans and lifts his right hand to Sherlock’s cheek, his face pressed desperately to Sherlock’s, “God, Sherlock,
Sherlock, heart still aching itself, spotted Prof. Ellis standing alone along the back wall and watching the proceedings with an indulgent smile, a glass of champagne in his hand. His smile broadened as he noticed Sherlock’s approach.
This raises a shy smile from Sherlock who maintains an open posture, waiting for John’s reaction. It comes a moment later when John separates their hands (leaving Sherlock bereft for a moment) and wraps his arms around the taller man’s body instead. Sherlock leans in, enjoying the sensation and the scent of John right in the crook of his neck where Sherlock’s nose is currently residing. Sherlock takes a sneaky inhale, storing the aroma in his mind palace before John pulls away with a bright smile.
He sets the now-empty cup down, eyes landing on John’s chair. He closes his eyes, as if in pain, before turning his back on the furniture. He sits at the desk again, fingers drumming against the wood as he stares out the window, becoming lost in thought. The next time he becomes aware of his surroundings, however, he finds that his head has rotated practically 180 degrees to the right without his awareness, leading his gaze directly to John’s chair once more.
John followed Sherlock into the kitchen and sat opposite him, silently watching for a moment before speaking, “What’s going on in your head? Talk to me.”
"Oh, shut up," Sherlock smiles before he grabs the back of John’s head and brings their mouths together for a much less chaste kiss this time around.
“Oh yes, the riding crop experiment,” Holmes smiles fondly, “that yielded a lot of good information for future cases, as well as this one.”
John wordlessly holds up four DVD cases: the three missing case evidence ones from a few weeks back, and a plain case that has a post-it note on the front.
“No, now that I see how it truly effected you,” he negates, “not my brightest plan, was it: placing a former soldier in what appeared to be a life-threatening situation?”
Watson is stunned in to laughing, caught completely off guard by the affronted tone and his scolding of – essentially – himself.
“More James Bond than I actually am,” Holmes agrees, to which the other man looks at him with mouth agape.
“Why?” John smirked, looking up innocently and using his tongue to trace the long vein along Sherlock’s impressive cock. He pulled back, sitting on his feet as he tilted his head, “We’re home alone. Nobody to interrupt.”
He returns to 221B and sits, impatiently waiting on the post like he’s suddenly been transported backwards in time to the early 20th century.
She continues on, telling a story about her own best friend and chief bridesmaid who left the wedding early and how they never really saw each other after that. Sherlock appears agitated by the story and demands - quite firmly by the end - that she acquire him some biscuits. She leaves and Sherlock spends some time looking at John’s armchair with a saddened, contemplative look on this face before moving to his room to change.
“Oh my God,” it’s Holmes’ turn to whisper. Without thinking, he places his left hand over his mouth in shock, his right blindly reaching out to Watson and grasping his left forearm strongly. Holmes turns to look at him, but Watson’s eyes are glazed over with painful memories and he doesn’t notice, “My dear Watson,” Holmes whispers to him, a portrayal of his loss for adequate words.
“My dearest, Holmes,” I began and thrilled to see his entire body relax, his eyes soften, “I rather fear that I am in love with you in return.”
“It’s a compliment, you know,” he admits quietly, referring to his and Sherlock’s assumptions that John Watson is following along on the same page.
It appears to be the snippet of the end of a case, where Sherlock is being thanked for his help in recovering the painting of
Holmes is frustrated by his cowardice, but, at the same time he understands it. He doesn’t want their last interaction to be a bitter-sweet parting of what-might-have-been and I’ll-miss-you and please-don’t-go. He wants the last memory each has of the other to be of laughter, and each other’s smiles.
He kneels on the floor behind his lover and begins to lavish his hole with kisses and teasing licks without any warning. Sherlock moans loudly and pushes backward reflexively. After teasing, John moves to the left a little ways to reach the lube they have hidden between the sofa cushion and the furthest armrest.
John moaned quietly as his forehead dropped against the other man’s, “God yes,” he agreed against Sherlock’s lips.
“I know, silly boy,” she tutted, walking to engulf John in a motherly hug that momentarily had John remembering his own mother, “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Dr. Watson.”
John sighs heavily and kneels so that he can remove the other man’s shoes for him before rising and guiding him under the covers.
Watson chuckles once, looking at the floor with a small smile, “No. She thought you were certifiably insane, and me for following you, but she believed in you.”
“Mycroft...I can’t just...you can’t expect me to take the matter into my own hand, so to speak,” he said in regret. The guilt was returning to his gut, but there are lines that simply should
Sherlock corrects him that it was only 25 tramps, at most, and John leaps over the table to strangle him again. When they’re standing in an even smaller diner, it appears that John also punched him in the face, but Sherlock is still more concerned about if John is really planning to keep the moustache. John claims that Mary likes it - she doesn’t - and John becomes aggravated again.
Sherlock and John have been talking with Dr. Stapleton, exposing the glowing rabbit as being in the room with them. The detective uses the information to commandeer use of a microscope, so the three make their way to another portion of the lab. There, Sherlock discovers that the sugar is, in fact, simply sugar and not a drug. He goes in to an explanation of his thought process.
Flash to John and Mrs. Hudson in a cab, heading to the graveyard. They talk near the grave about how angry they both are at him (
“You don’t always have to ruin peoples relationships, you know that, don’t you?” Watson accuses Holmes lightly as Sherlock and John watch Mrs. Hudson confront the Speedy’s cook.
he had - him on purpose. Out of frustration, John forces him to admit that he was wrong since it wasn’t in the sugar at all, and Sherlock sheepishly does.
Sherlock carefully gauges the situation and, by way of greeting, names them all from left to right, “You must be David, Zach, and Alan,” gesturing to each as he names them.
Sherlock and John are led through a number of security check points on their way to the research labs. John keeps the Corporal escorting them busy with logistical questions while Sherlock observes their surroundings as they go. They stop to talk to a woman –Dr. Stapleton – and Sherlock reveals that she is the mother of the child with the glowing rabbit.
He follows him to Wandsworth High Street where he is shortly joined by a tall, skinny, dark-haired woman. John has gone on four dates with her, but Sherlock has refused to learn her name.
Sherlock is shocked in to silence as he takes in this information. He clears his throat slightly before asking, “Did I snore?”
John smirked triumphantly, cock growing yet harder from Sherlock’s dominant display, as he placed his hands behind his head and looked for all the world like the most relaxed man in existence, “Well, if you insist…”
You didn’t care to hear that I had pretended to die to save you; that I had endured countless inconceivable terrors to keep you safe. So when I returned just in time to witness you become engaged to some…some
Sherlock calls John and brings him out to Leinster Gardens, where Mary discovers Wiggins with a cell phone. She goes inside the building.
” as he pushes back towards his straining cock, but his body still feels it. He leans down to Sherlock’s left shoulder blade where three freckles lie in a line, as though tracing the muscle that lies underneath. The other shoulder blade with two lighter freckles spaced further apart with no sense of reason.
John shuts him up with a kiss, relishing in the feel of Sherlock melting into it in submission with a tiny moan. John entwines their legs further, but winces when he feels the slick discomfort of his Y-fronts. He pulls back reluctantly.
“Oi! I knew this would be a terrible idea,” John jokes before asking Sherlock, “Pint?” Sherlock makes a face of disgust, “I know, not your favorite, but it’ll be better than drinking scotch all night.”
He chuckled humourlessly at the predicament he got himself into before pushing open the door to the lavatory.
Sherlock freezes, unable to believe that he’s understood this part correctly, even with the honesty of every other answer.
“Why?” Sherlock asks at his normal volume, refusing to follow social guidelines of mimicking a whisper, “Maybe he
Sherlock turns to look at him, a bit embarrassed, “I thought they would be more suitable for a night out with the guys at a pub,” he explains before shifting self-consciously, “Not good?”
What a mess. In their timeline, the woman in the study had exacted her revenge for her blackmailed husband by shooting Magnussen. Not Holmes. They hadn’t interceded because, as Holmes had put it, it wasn’t any of their business to judge her for taking her revenge.
He pauses and John’s arms tighten around him as he fights tears. He knows very little about Sherlock’s childhood prior to Hogwarts, but he remembers that scrawny little boy always at the same table of the library, studying books that were almost bigger than he was.
To the car dealership with the man who reminds Watson intensely of Sebastian again. Something about smug, greasy, untrustworthy people has always rubbed him the wrong way. They leave there and Sherlock does some experimenting until the phone rings again.
After the opening credits, the screen shows John and Mary asleep in their bed, what appears to be John’s dream on display. Watson wonders how Moriarty knew what John was dreaming about, but knows that not only did Moriarty most likely make it up, but that it’s also pointless to ask the question aloud.
With a heavy sigh, he closed the book and laid it atop the piles of items in his packed bag; his formal suits hung in their garment bag on the wardrobe, ready to be whisked away tomorrow morning. They would be heading to his parents’ house tomorrow, with the reunion taking place the following evening. He felt both grateful and fearful for John coming with him; the support is appreciated, but he didn’t want John to bear witness to any bullying that may yet come his way from his former peers. It’s not that he thinks John will believe their tales or take their side, but...it just seems humiliating. He truly cares for John, deeply - could possibly even love him - and he couldn’t stand it if he lost his favor.
“Hello,” Sherlock says unenthusiastically before he can stop it escaping. He curses himself in his mind; sometimes he thinks he must be subconsciously attempting to botch John’s chances with women to be able to keep him to himself.
He finally clears his throat, gaining the attention of his friend on the sofa, “Will you be sleeping tonight?” he asks as casually as possible. The safest route of asking the real question:
They both watch as Mycroft claims his one undercover job as being arduous, tedious, and in honor of praise. Sherlock’s face speaks volumes about how much he wants to point out all that he went through over those two years himself; how he knows how hard going undercover is, how noisy, how dangerous…but instead he holds his tongue.
Sherlock pauses, unable to look at John, and Holmes gasps, “Oh my God.” He can hear the next words bouncing around in his head:
John clears his throat before whispering, “You know there’s more to being married than just laying claim to me coming on cases, don’t you? To declaring that no one else catches my interest over you and a murder?”
“Hmm,” Sherlock hums, eyes taking on a mischievous glint, “Looks like you’ll have to pick a new favorite, then.”
Sherlock pulled John’s head back down again, but aimed his lips towards John’s right ear, “Then get on with it,” he whispered before gently biting the earlobe.
to stick your nose back in where it didn’t belong,” she spits with disdain, stepping forward as he reflexively takes another back.
John is riding the tube, looking listless as he stares off at nothing as the world moves on around him. Finally he walks in to 221B and is bombarded with echoes of his past with Sherlock. His eyes shine with despair. Mrs. Hudson steps out in to the entranceway to see him standing there. Unable to speak, he merely clears his throat and offers a small wave of greeting.
Sherlock spends enough time in his Mind Palace with this John to recognize him straight away, but he’s uncertain why he’s here.
“Yes it would. Maybe this year,” he assures her and they smile at each other before she leaves. Watson turns on the other man suddenly with a disapproving look, “You can’t always pretend not to have a heart, you know; she cares for you immensely and you for her in return, I know you do.”
Sherlock first asked, “Is that a unicorn?” to which John responded, “Watch out for Voldemort, he needs the blood.”
For a moment they simply stare in to each other’s eyes, coming to the unspoken understanding that, platonic or romantic,
die at John’s wedding, but it’s perfectly fine to make him watch you fake your own death, eh Sherlock?” Holmes chimes in sarcastically.
I thought about it for a moment, but I had already discovered the answer over my endless fretting of the past days, “No.”
John attempted to kiss Sherlock’s lips, but the taller man consistently pulled his face to the other side so he was unable to land a proper kiss. John changed tactics.
Holmes growls quietly, remembering the exact feeling that someone – some crazed madman – had dared to place Watson in danger because of him. Watson struggles to keep his breath steady. These nightmares had finally,
I don’t know what kind of man you think I am, John, but even a Saint would place a curse upon you and yours.
at all. It never has been, “Like I showed with Bill buying you a drink: if the challenger isn’t of equal or highest standing with all others challenged, that person owes the highest a drink regardless.”
“I don’t think you truly understand what it is that I do when I deduce,” Sherlock informs him seriously with a glower, “All I have is a name and what may or may not be an accurate depiction of someone who may or may not have ever existed.”
Sherlock discovers the heart of the bomb under a section of the floor, but doesn’t know how to diffuse it. John demands he enter his Mind Palace to see if he’s stowed the information away somewhere. He hasn’t, but he does realize that there must be an off switch somewhere. He doesn't tell John this.
Sherlock and John run, hand in hand, from the scene. Pausing for breaths, jumping fences, and finally, nearly getting hit by a bus so that one of the assassins saves them and answers Sherlock’s initial question of why they keep trying to save his life. The computer key code is somewhere in 221B. The assassin is shot and they run to another alley, John grabbing Sherlock’s sleeve once they’ve stopped. They see a newspaper and are reminded of the tell-all story Kitty is about to run.
Holmes shakes his head, unable to believe what he’s hearing; the man before him is more than he could ever deserve after an entire lifetime of trying, “But…”
“I mean night emissions, yes,” Sherlock is glaring at him challengingly. He didn’t think he had a problem with sex until he started talking about it with John, and now he can’t seem to bring himself to stop thinking about how knowledgeable John is about sex; how John could help him collect data on the subject, if only he could gauge whether John was about to die from laughing so hard at his best friend’s lack of experience first.
“Alright, but if it’s stalker footage, then why are these clients and random people who aren’t Sherlock and John so prevalent?” Watson asks.
Watson opens his mouth to say something before he’s even formulated the words, but closes it again when he watches Holmes’ eyes drift to his mouth with undisguised longing. And he knows, as though he just plunged head-first across a threshold of revelation, that not only does Holmes return his love, but that the mere thought that he – even a different dimension version of himself – nearly lost John Watson and let him down is unbearable. Unthinkable.
John turned off the TV and scratched at his belly. Sherlock was sleeping with his face crushed into John's neck, a thin line of drool settling on his skin as Sherlock murmured occasionally. John picked up on certain words; his name, for example, followed by 'idiot' or 'fish-skin' (which boggled John's mind as to what Sherlock was dreaming). Deciding, in the end, that it was probably better not to know, John curled his arm around Sherlock and kissed the top of his head.
“It was for a case,” Sherlock admits, a flash of excitement in his eyes as he remembers the details, “It was a delightful case: a strangling with a staging of the body…I had to find out what the window cleaner knew and I deduced that the man was attracted to me and…”
“Then the camera stays,” Sherlock says with confident finality, pleased with his perception of having won the debate, “Besides, you could be a biased narrator and my results need absolute proof. I can’t believe I let even one experiment go without thinking of this.”
“Alright,” he concedes, turning his face back to the telly, though his attention takes a bit longer to get there.
John nods and then climbs out of their little nest to get the scotch and two tumblers. Sherlock has already contacted the takeaway and promised a large tip if they bring food and flammable materials within the hour.
Sherlock closes the distance between them faster than John is prepared for, his mouth claiming the doctor’s.
“Well,” Watson says slowly after a time, “maybe Moriarty was trying to sell it off as one, or thought it was less suspicious this way.”
Words seemed to have failed Sherlock completely as he simply nodded his head vigorously with a bit of a pleading look in his innocent eyes.
Molly starts talking about her dad and Sherlock tries to stop her. But she keeps going about how he pretended to be fine when people were looking while he was dying, but when they weren’t…
“Does he really believe no one can see him picking his nose, do you think?” Sherlock asks John loudly. Luckily, the chaos in the car means the man in question still doesn’t hear him.
“You said it’s when a person cannot achieve orgasm by themselves. You’re not me, so it should work?” Sherlock asked hopefully, his testicles beginning to ache and throb.
Holmes looks at him as though he can hear the underlying reasoning as well and simply mutters, “Oh,” quietly.
With a relieved sigh, John pulls his hand back to himself and returns to lying on his back, eyes already closing as they anticipate sleep
John cuts off his rambling with a fond shake of his head, eyes shining with adoration as his left hand lands gently on Sherlock’s cheek, guiding his full attention to him, “It’s perfect, actually.”
So when you asked me to be your best man, I had difficulty processing it. Had I done such a remarkable job of hiding my pain at losing you that you thought I’d be fine taking part in giving you away? But I must have. Instead of dwelling on that, my mind latched on to one smaller, more significant fact: you considered me to be your best friend and that? That would have to be enough. I have almost convinced myself that it is.
The dinner was a sumptuous affair with numerous courses of rich and delicious tasting food. John had finished off two portions of chocolate gateaux and half a bottle of wine as he chatted to one of the History teachers who sat to his right. The other teacher had also been in the army and the pair had bonded through tales of valour whilst Sherlock sat between John and Professor Ellis. Gently and slowly, John dropped his hand to his thigh before inching it towards Sherlock, placing his hand on Sherlock’s leg whilst continuing his discussion on military tactics.
Holmes, however, is equally unsettled and unsure about actually watching the scene play out where one small difference could have meant their lives. They nearly died together - willingly - that night. He takes in a shuddering breath as he continues to watch Sherlock work out the pieces.
There could be any number of explanations for this, but Holmes reasons that there are only two likely culprits: 1. Like Holmes, Sherlock doesn’t care to spend any time – especially drinking – with anyone but John Watson or 2. Sherlock merely wants to spend time with John – just the two of them – one last time.
he did - but he had almost loved him so long that he forgot he’d never actually told him that yet. He turned his head to the left to look at Sherlock’s face, frozen in place by confusion and doubt.
“Yes, but if he was concerned about production value, making it look like a legitimate show rather than stalker footage, he would do whatever it took.”
“If this really is stalker evidence in a case, that would imply that all of this footage is real, not acted,” Holmes says with a crease to his brow, signifying that he’s attempting to figure out a puzzle.
“It was a corpse,” Sherlock states as an offering, hands already lifting slightly to the hem of John’s jumper in anticipation.
Mycroft’s jaw clenches as his eyes flash with anger at the blatant attempt to manipulate him out of the flat.
Magnussen leads Sherlock and John to a closet and opens it. At first they’re confused, but then he reveals that Appledore is the name of his Mind Palace; he has no physical records of anything that’s in his head, just an intricate system to remember everything. Sherlock and John begin to realize that they have just committed high treason and there is no foreseeable way out.
Sherlock looks away from John and shakes his head, denying him an answer as he drains the rest of his glass.
Sherlock and John get ready to head to Moriarty’s trial where Sherlock is the chief witness. They don’t speak until right before heading to the street and the waiting police car. John leads Sherlock through the paparazzi like a bodyguard.
“So what are they like?” Sherlock asks over his plate of mediocre ravioli. No Italian compares to Angelo’s anymore...except probably if they actually went to Italy. He’d have to find a case to take them there one of these days.
The scene jumps forward to Moriarty’s verdict. Sherlock is not allowed back in the building, but John is there to be his eyes and ears. Sherlock somehow quotes the judge as though he’s there. The jury rules that Moriarty is innocent and he is released from custody.
John moaned and bucked harder again, “It’s…intense,” he repeated, at a loss for other descriptors, “So good. I don’t know what else to say…”
You let go, your hand dragging down my neck as you step back reluctantly. Your eyes hold a million thoughts and emotions, and it’s impossible for me to register all of them before they’re gone. Finally, unable to hold my gaze, you look down awkwardly.
“Not much different than usual, then?” Sherlock teased, rubbing his nose against John’s arm affectionately.
As he walked away, John’s heart began to ache thinking about the evening being over. It certainly hadn’t been the night he had imagined, but it had somehow been so much better. He wasn’t an idiot: he knew why it had been so easy to stand up for Sherlock and pretend to be his fiance - he’d been in love with the man for years, after all - but it was incredibly difficult to go through the motions, pretending at the life he really,
“Where’d you get the drugs?” John asks softly, forcing himself to remain calm while inside his chest his heart is still a bit broken at the prospect of what the overdose truly means.
Mycroft calls John, warning him that Sherlock took the cigarette and that he can’t go anywhere. John’s girlfriend is none too pleased about him always choosing Sherlock over her, she infers that John is really dating Sherlock without acknowledging it, points out how his best friend can’t even bother to tell his girlfriends apart, then storms out after John demonstrates that
John storms in to the building and takes down Bill Wiggins – whom Holmes and Watson recognize from the homeless network – spraining his arm in the process. He heads upstairs with purpose and finds Isaac (the son he came looking for) and also, quite unexpectedly, Sherlock.
In the morning, John is woken not by a sound, but the feeling of Sherlock moving slightly in his arms. The rational part of John’s brain that should be nervous to face Sherlock post-nocturnal-cuddle is still too tired to give a damn, so instead he makes a noise (a grunt, really) of discontent and pulls Sherlock tighter against him to stop his wiggling about.
John tries to act put-upon, but he’s more genuinely entertained by the impromptu history lesson. It also doesn’t hurt that Sherlock is no longer in danger of provoking a big burly man into hitting him.
“Well, Jesus, why didn’t you say that before? I could have been feeding you up all these years that easily?”
His heart literally stutters in his chest and he feels a bit feint, “Why haven’t you told him?” he asks with his eyes closed.
“It took you a ridiculously long time to figure it out,” she goads, “hadn’t you done the math that you practically refused to touch me after
“I promise,” he swears before pulling back far enough to look in to his eyes. The love and adoration he sees in John’s eyes are warring with insecurity. He can’t have that, “I have never loved another the way that I love you,” he admits.
Sherlock and John turn matching looks of surprise on each other, wondering if they’re somehow dreaming or…
Sherlock quickly takes stock of their positioning: bodies pressed flush against each other - including their hard cocks connected through flimsy pajama bottoms - with Sherlock’s left hand grasping John’s hip while John’s right hand rests on his cheek. He realizes that he feels just as desperate for this man as he did in his dream, and judging by John’s pupils blown wide and his body practically thrumming against his, he wants this, too.
Watson grits his teeth slightly before answering, “When you deign to sleep, you mean? Not really; a few snuffles here and there, but nothing outright,” he watches Holmes nod before he continues with a question of his own, “Why do you think the inn keepers thought Sherlock and John were a couple but didn’t infer it with us?”
John shrugs like it’s not a big deal and repeats, “Fact is: he has it in front of him, and you owe him a drink for outranking you.”
John walked in from his shift at the surgery, pushing open the door to Baker Street and almost standing on a small pile of letters and bills which still waited on the welcome mat. Rolling his eyes at Sherlock's laziness, John picked them up and continued up the stairs to their flat, taking off his coat and toeing off his shoes as he looked over at Sherlock who was sitting silently in his chair.
“Plenty of people have pointed out the dick part, and much worse besides, but no one has ever said I look cool.”
Sherlock nodded in understanding, only jumping slightly when John’s hand wrapped around his cock and began to stroke. The friction was glorious, but not enough and it had Sherlock thrusting his hips into John’s hand within sweet seconds, something John enjoyed as his other hand moved to the bedside table to pull out the pump bottle of lubricant they had bought for their heavy frottage and intercrural sessions.
Mrs. Hudson is banging around her kitchen, showing her displeasure with John’s long absence from Baker Street. She gives him honest advice about the moustache aging him and he tries to be polite, knowing she’s still a bit hurt he hasn’t been emotionally able to return over the years. They talk about how hard it’s been for the both of them, how much things have changed over that time.
John mutters about telegrams in a tone of dawning realization and Sherlock latches on to it as if it were a cue. He belittles the tradition of reading them before proceeding to quote the cards with complete disdain, then throwing the rest to the table one at a time.
The security alarms go off and their progress is finally halted in a corridor. One of the male scientists – Dr. Frankland – covers for them for some unknown reason. He escorts them out, he explains that he’s a fan of the blog, and that he knew Henry’s father. He gives Sherlock his phone number so that they can catch up later.
John brings his left hand up to run through Sherlock’s curls as his right runs over his back and side comfortingly. John is still incredibly turned on by the entire situation, but the cold from not being completely covered is making his erection wane. He desperately doesn’t want this to be over just yet.
John kissed Sherlock again, moving to trail kisses down Sherlock’s jaw line and then his neck as he worked his way inside Sherlock with tenderness and care, checking with Sherlock each time he winced or hissed at the pain.
“So you wanted to create a love potion that what? Makes you realize and face the one you love instead of letting you falsely love just anyone?”
“But what?” John asks, slightly exasperated. He was only trying to do what Sherlock had suggested; keep him
The story on the mini telly ends and Sherlock demands to get out of the cab, only to find that Moriarty was driving him the entire time. One of the international assassins pulls him from the street before he can be hit by a car, then is shot after shaking hands with him. John’s cab pulls up seconds later and he runs out.
“Hell, I don’t even care. Anything you’re comfortable with will probably work for me at this point, honestly.”
John questions Sherlock’s mood and tells him to go apologize to Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock refuses, of course, and then starts talking fast and crazy about how he needs a case. John, growing frustrated, shouts back that he’s just solved one.
John rolls his eyes as Sherlock insults the other guests at the table without even thinking about it, “Close enough,” he insists again, just as he did a few days ago when the argument originated.
plays our coin,” Bill interrupts their conversation as he helps Zach with the drinks, “so I didn’t think twice about the rank,” he continues before placing the glass of scotch in front of Sherlock, “Your beverage, my lord.”
“Not a problem,” Greg smiled lustily before lying back on his sofa after locking his door, “so…what are you wearing?”
“Damn right,” John asserts with a straight face before he can no longer stop the smile from reappearing.
However, he didn’t think that it would be a problem this time judging by the twitching, throbbing member between his legs which seemed to already be leaking and coating the inside of his satin boxer shorts with wetness.
Watson flushes deeply, “Bloody hell, stop it.” The idea that Holmes has ever considered what the size of his penis might be is absurd…and a bit arousing.
John appears not to have heard (or maybe just not care about) the terminology used to describe him just then, but Watson is affronted for his alternate self. John Watson is no one’s damsel in distress; he was a soldier, for crying out loud!
“Hmm,” Sherlock shrugged, obviously not listening, “I was going to sneak in and steal his handcuffs but I think he was having phone sex with my brother.”
“You stole my birth certificate?” Watson latches on to this fact, not being aware that Sherlock even knew his middle name.
“You could always just leave,” Watson says innocently before bringing their joined hands to his lips to place a kiss on the back of Holmes’.
Watson, on the other hand, has his brow furrowed, a nagging feeling at the edge of his brain just out of reach. He’s missing something, and he has a feeling that it’s something of import.
Sherlock looks at John and bites his lip, “No,” he admits quietly, his shaking hands attempting to undo his pearl buttons only to slip off.
John, just like the last time, pulls him back closer to him reflexively before responding groggily, “You kick,” he says as he moves his right leg against Sherlock’s, “and you’re handsy, you bloody sleep-octopus.” It’s not actually an accurate descriptor for Sherlock’s apparent need to touch him in the night, but his sleep brain loves the title anyway.
“No. No it's – er...” John said, not wanting to be a bad guest as he looked at Sherlock pleadingly, “I don't want to be a nuisance.”
“Sherlock has never...been able to bring himself to orgasm. He turned to the drugs, thinking that they would relax his mind enough to allow him release - and participated in any number of activities that I’d rather not remember myself - but it never worked.”
,” he whispered in to my ear, pleading with me and reassuring me and claiming me all at once in this way that only he has ever possessed.
Sherlock shudders, his fingers turning into talons as he grabs onto the bedding beneath him, almost ripping the fabric in his grip as his hips tremble and his cock twitches and pulses streams of ejaculate. He has come in his pants like a teenage boy having his first handsy grope.
He looks quickly around the room, taking stock before snatching up his wallet and heading downstairs. He finds Sherlock in his chair, typing something on his laptop.
Holmes shrugs, “Life-long battle, maybe. They say that most of the methods to quit smoking are only temporary reprieves, not a permanent end to the addiction.”
“I think you’re overestimating how much sleep I’m actually getting when we share a bed,” John counters defensively, “I’m the one who tells you what happens in the night, in case you’ve forgotten.”
Sherlock tutted in distaste before glaring indignantly up John’s body at him, “That won’t be necessary. Well...not
“Uuunng!” Sherlock moaned, hips rising of their own accord at the feeling, his eyes closed against the pleasure.
“Of course! Yeah…I don’t want you to miss out on this and it’s an excuse to get out of the flat for a bit. Go somewhere different,” John smiled, “Shall I RSVP for us both?”
“I didn’t ask you to call me ‘Holmes’, either; it just felt natural to go by our last names, didn’t it?”
Holmes and Watson had celebrated the most recent Christmas with his parents as this depicts, but there was no Wiggins or Mary. It was a very pleasant affair until Holmes had dragged them off to finish with the Magnussen case that evening.
Back to the therapist office, she asks John to put voice to the things he didn’t get to say before. He can barely get the words
Fury flashes in her eyes and she finally raises the gun while removing the safety, pointing it at his head.
Holmes is nervous about watching it because he’s not fond of being reminded of the pain he put Watson through, much less from this outsider perspective.
“The real mystery is how they kept the plane from smelling atrocious,” Holmes points out, “Some of those people had been dead for quite some time, yet there was no strong scent of decay.”
“Calm,” John whispered, deepening the kiss and rubbing a hand up and down Sherlock’s stomach and chest, “I’m going to touch you now…”
“Sentiment has never been a strong suit in our family. If there’s something to be gained, we acquire it by whatever means is necessary. I am constantly a card in his hand that he has no qualms playing.”
After a few minutes, Sherlock appears to be happy to pass out – completely starkers – on the living room carpet where anyone could simply walk in and see him, and John moves up on to his right elbow to stare at him with his head supported by his hand.
The journey to the Holmes Manor had passed in a blur of grey as they went through London, and then leading to green as they left the city. John relaxed in the large saloon car alternating looking out of the window and checking his facebook before finally nudging Sherlock, who had been silent thus far.
"Unsurprising," he says, standing from the fireplace yet again to reclaim his chair, "We're going to need to check Mrs. Hudson's flat for more wood soon."
Sherlock talks aloud to who he thinks is John but is really Irene. Watson, at this point, had gone home to see Mary. Sherlock explains the Coventry conundrum to Irene (allowing an attack to happen so that the extent of their knowledge wasn’t given away) and then she attempts, yet again, to get Sherlock in to bed.
Watson desperately wants to point out how nice it would have been for Holmes to remember that before
Watson laughs, knowing that feeling all too well. It would appear that all John Watsons avoid playing Cluedo with their Sherlock Holmes with the same veracity with which most other humans avoid playing Monopoly with their family. The game always lasts far too long and is infuriating.
“After all that time and no proof, Mrs. Hudson still thought they were a couple all along?” Watson asks incredulously.
“Ah, this is the one,” Mr. Holmes said as he pulled out a larger, colour photo. It showed a small, slightly chubby ginger-haired boy in a full Robin Hood costume and pretend bow and arrow. John estimated that Mycroft was around ten, perhaps a little younger, but it was Sherlock who drew his eye. The toddler was standing behind Mycroft, his face split in a giant gummy smile whilst dark curls tumbled over his face. Sherlock was adorable, but his costume made him look even cuter. A flower garland around his hair, and a long green tunic fashioned into a dress.
Sherlock is talking to the tour guide – Fletcher - when John comes along. Sherlock plays like they have a bet going and John latches on to the lie quickly to back him up. Fletcher launches in to his recalling of seeing the hound about a month ago and Sherlock isn’t convinced until he pulls out a mould of a giant paw print.
"Figure it out, genius," John needles him after lighting the candles and then moving back to the fire.
John wakes around 10 the next morning, surprised to find himself on his left side instead of his back, Sherlock still cradled strongly in his arms. He smiles to know Sherlock didn’t run away in the night and sighs contentedly as he pulls him yet closer. Sherlock makes a quiet, pleased sound at the motion before returning the gesture.
“Yeah, I know that,” John said before his mind whirred to a stop. Maybe that was what he was? Sherlock had mentioned it earlier - before he had stormed out of the flat to find Lestrade, apparently - but he’d never really been attracted to men before…but he couldn’t exactly deny being attracted to Sherlock.
Watson chuckles at the oddity of being thanked for such a thing, his face lowering naturally and rubbing his cheek on the other man’s hand still cupping his face.
“I still can’t believe you didn’t let me meet your parents while they were here,” Watson admonishes.
well. It started as a child, my empathy, but no one in my family helped me refine or control it, so it ends up suffocating me if I don’t distance myself from others. Being able to easily feel what others feel helps my disguises and undercover work come across as genuine, but prolonged openness to my empathy can leave my brain confused and I get angry so that I have a reason to be alone to find myself again.
John lets him go and he focuses very intently on not messing this up. Whatever this was, they all seemed to take it very seriously. In the background he can hear Zach (he thinks) complaining about how he just moved and it got misplaced in one of the boxes, and also:
Watson breathes deep, “It was the hardest thing I’ve ever done, losing the two people who meant the most to me in such a short span of time. I wanted to give up so many times,” he closes his eyes briefly as he swallows, then opens them to admit one last thing: “But I knew - even dead - that you would call me an idiot for being so weak, so I pushed on.”
I could not help the smile that came to my face upon reading the last addition, but my humor was short lived as I remembered the rest of the letter. It was not at all unusual for Holmes to be pulled away on business for weeks at a time, but I have always been there to accompany him.
Sherlock considered for a moment before twisting to look at John again, “Are you going to penetrate me?”
“They replaced the mattress,” Sherlock spoke, looking over the top of the documents he was reading, “after they found him in the middle of doing unspeakable acts with the gardener’s son.”
“Oh, fuck,” John swore quietly as his hips bucked reflexively and his cock hardened, because the lower register of Sherlock’s voice has always been a weak point for him. Of course he had known.
“Well that’s certainly different,” Watson says in a bit of a daze, not wanting to admit to his racing heart born from not knowing if Holmes…
“For a police officer, you really do have terrible home security,” Sherlock scoffed, sitting back and arching an eyebrow, “I came in through the window. Obviously.”
“No way, you gave him your Captain coin?!” Bill genuinely whines before collapsing back in his chair, face towards the ceiling and arms to the side in a pose of complete surrender.
“Ok, next,” John finally whispers again, finding the next one to the right, “St. Alto. She was always coming second to St. Soprano.
“That’s what I keep you around for, as my chauffer,” Watson smirks and Holmes fights his own with an eyeroll.
“Ooooh,” Sherlock whined, his legs going slightly weak, which sent his fingers grappling at the hallway wall, “John -- John should we not…take this to the bedroom?”
“This is so twisted,” Watson says towards the end of a scene where a familiar Lestrade and Donovan are holding a press conference regarding the killer. Holmes merely hums in agreement.
As soon as John had gotten home, Sherlock had dragged him out on the case and now they were chasing the lad through backstreets and alleys, the blood pumping through their veins. Sherlock may have found the case for John, but he was enjoying himself immensely, as well; they had both needed this.
With John’s hand massaging him as his cock thrusts against his, Sherlock comes hard for a second time, shooting even more semen into the lining of his silk pants. The feel of Sherlock’s pulsing erection through the elegant material, as well as the utterly destroyed look on his face, brings John quickly over the edge after only a few more thrusts.
Anthea reaches in to her oversized purse and pulls out a file. She opens it to reveal a piece of paper on top where Sherlock had copied the list John provided him of changes he’s noticed in Mary’s behavior.
John flushed with embarrassment, “Sorry if I’m not completely comfortable discussing this with you.”
Just as John’s eyes begin to close in submission to his will to go back to sleep, Sherlock speaks up quietly.
John took pity on him and raised his head to smile lovingly down at Sherlock’s face so he could see that he wasn’t being mocked, “I think you misunderstand me,” John started before leaning down to kiss Sherlock with clear intent, his hips moving in small circles and causing them both to shudder. He pulled back to finish the statement, “I love that you think of it that way.”
“The hell?” Sherlock asks as he opens the case. He finds four separate discs inside their own individual sleeves for safe keeping. They’re numbered 1, 2: John, 2: Sherlock, and 3.
looks with a tinge of disappointment at his stupidity, “Like I don’t know what turns you on,” he scoffed.
Sherlock moaned again as his back pressed against the wall, his hands finding John’s hair as the older man’s head grew lower with each passing button. Only when John reached the top of Sherlock’s trousers did he speak again.
Mycroft, Mary, and the bodyguard walk away, leaving the two standing awkwardly, unsure what to say to each other. Sherlock tells John his entire name, incase John is looking for baby names. John swears they’re not naming their baby girl after him.
“Sherlock?” He asks, confused, as he tries to slow his heart down. From the intense knocking, he thought someone was dying.
“Yeah, well, I’m tired,” he bites out and doesn’t pause again until he’s in his room with his door closed.
“I reiterate: you were going to lose me either way,” he reasserts gently, a deep sadness in his eyes and an aching feeling in his chest.
“John Watson, I swear to all that I hold holy that if you keep stopping and asking me if I’m okay, I’m going to get up and hit you,” Sherlock sighed, dropping his head back to the bed, “I’m not made of porcelain. I am bloody fine!”
“Oh god,” John moaned, knowing there was no escape from his orgasm as Sherlock climaxed intensely, spilling between their bodies in thick pulses whilst his insides clenched and throbbed around him. John kept his eyes open as best he could as he reached orgasm, coming with a harsh cry of Sherlock’s name as he came hard, filling Sherlock with his come and shivering with the sensation.
“There now,” John whispers, still too close to the other man’s face, eyes tracing his features and continuously landing on the bow of Sherlock’s lips in wanting, “that wasn’t so bad, was it?”
Once the main screen loads, they both sit and simply stare at the title of the episode for a good minute.
Watson debates voicing his nagging fear aloud, but he knows that Holmes won’t judge him; may even be thinking the same thing, “That
John smirked a bit before pushing, “I love when I turn off that brain of yours, but I really do need to hear you say it.”
As Sherlock's speech comes to a close, something clicks in his brain as important, but he can’t quite place what it is. What transpires is a lot of back and forth for Sherlock between being present in the room and retreating in to his Mind Palace to be able to think. He knows someone will die – narrows down that it will assuredly be Sholto. Sherlock attempts to distract the crowd yet further as he continues to try to figure out who the murderer is, but it’s not until young Archie connects The Bloody Guardsman to the Mayfly Man that it all comes together.
“I didn’t know he was gay,” John said, frowning and wondering why Greg had never mentioned it on their various drinking and moaning meetings.
“Oh my God, what is he doing?” Watson asks in horror, unable to believe what the evidence is showing him.
So as I stand to deliver my best man speech in front of a crowd of people which contains only a handful of individuals that I know well, you seated to my right, it hits me hard in the gut that you’re married now and it’s not to me. I fumble over my words at the start because of this radiating pain, but push on and within short order am announcing to the room that I do, in fact, love you.
In 221B, John’s chair has been placed back in its spot, a bottle of Claire-de-la-Lune on the table next to it.
John moaned and unconsciously rubbed his still-clothed erection against Sherlock’s thigh for some semblance of satisfaction.
Sherlock pouted dramatically before shrugging and settling back into the sofa, unwilling to analyze the feeling of disappointment in his gut. He lost himself back in his mind palace, looking for more clues about the case before becoming distracted again. What could John have needed to do up in his room, and just how long had he been gone? With a sense of curiosity that would make even a cat jealous, Sherlock stood and made his way towards the stairs to John’s bedroom.
Sherlock and John lock gazes, both frightened by the change that this will bring. They could easily pretend that the marriage wasn’t going to change their friendship, but a baby? They can’t deny the change about to occur in their lives any longer. They look away from each other and Sherlock’s (forced) smile falls in to a look of uncertainty and abandonment.
Watson reminds himself that he has nothing to be jealous of: this never happened in their timeline because, as has been referenced, they were already solving crimes together again. Seeing John fight Sherlock and holding his ground makes Watson feel like a pushover. But then he glances at Holmes and knows that he wouldn’t have done it any other way; two years was more than enough time apart, he certainly didn’t need to extend it to prove a point.
“Do we…” Watson starts, but has to take a moment to breathe and swallow before continuing, “watch them?”
For long moments they simply stare at each other intently, looking as though a silent conversation is being waged even though they’re merely crossing the threshold of revelation together.
“Yes, and it’s a habit that you really must cease. We’re quite lucky no one has taken advantage of this fact to take you hostage yet.”
and they’re immediately transported back to the pool for resolution. Food and a breather, plus the drama being mostly over, makes it easier for both men.
John swallowed audibly but moved his fingers to Sherlock’s left nipple, circling it carefully with the pad of his finger before pinching it lightly, “Good?”
Next morning, Sherlock is playing violin as Mrs. Hudson fusses about with the cleanup from the night before as John puts his coat on and prepares to leave. Sherlock goes in to a flurry of speculation about how the counter being stuck at 1895 clearly means it’s the password for the locked phone. It isn’t.
Mycroft and John talk about Kitty’s article written off of testimony given by Richard Brook, a name neither has heard before. Then Mycroft pulls out a few files with information on international assassins that have moved in surprisingly close to 221B. He asks John to keep an eye on Sherlock for him, because who else could have placed these killers so close but Moriarty? And besides, Sherlock won’t accept help from his older brother and John is already doing such a good job of it.
The next thing Sherlock registers is sitting in his chair next to a blazing fireplace in their living room. John is standing not too far from him wearing jeans, a brown belt, a plaid button-up, and a red cardigan. John’s hands are in his pockets and he’s calmly looking at Sherlock.
masturbation, so unsatisfying were his continued efforts with the practice, and the feeling was electric.
“Why are you so afraid?” John finally asks sadly, “Can’t you see that they’re right, genius?” the joke comes across as weak since he couldn’t even muster the hint of a smile to go with it.
John followed Sherlock the short distance into the room where they wordlessly paused next to the bed. John’s hands raised up to slowly, almost reverently, trace along the edges of the already-unbuttoned shirt and then down his cloth-covered arms, never once touching the skin directly. As he unhooked each of the cuffs, he took a moment to play lightly with the digits of Sherlock’s hands.
Sherlock messages Moriarty the answer and then the phone rings. Sherlock desperately tries to stop her from saying anything about the voice, doesn’t actually want any harm to come to this stranger, but she doesn’t listen. The line goes dead.
John watched Sherlock from the corner of his eye. The detective was either asleep or lost deep in his mind palace. Probably talking to Jack the Ripper or something. John chuckled at the thought as he poured half a bottle of bleach into the beakers, hopefully killing whatever creatures were rising up.
Sherlock sighs, looking at his empty glass, “I think I need another drink; anyone else?” he asks while standing awkwardly.
Holmes searches his eyes, unsure whether he can believe the words. He appears on the verge of admitting something then, but turns away before he can allow himself to.
Sherlock sends them away to dance. He glances around the room for any group to join, but he doesn’t belong anywhere anymore. He grabs his coat and leaves the wedding early.
With Sherlock’s hand held tight in his left and a bottle of expensive champagne in his right, John leads them out in to the night to find a cab to take them home.
They watch as John gets hit in the head, Sherlock finding the spray-painted message, John waking up in a dark location.
So the last tube was detached somewhere along the way. Why? Because it’s the weapon. They remember the date and make the connection to the infamous attempt of Guy Fawkes all those years ago. They contact the hat client from earlier, with all of his train knowledge, who discovers that there is, in fact, a stop between Westminster and St. James that was never opened. The boys head there straight away.
“Anorgasmia,” John mumbled, diagnosing Sherlock without thinking, “It’s when you can’t achieve orgasm by yourself. Usually due to personal issues or religious upbringings.”
At 221B they’re having an engagement party for John and Mary (not something that Watson had done) and Molly walks in with her fiancé Tom. The entertaining parade of looks that cross John’s face say everything.
John snorts, looking relieved that Sherlock hasn’t simply run screaming straight away, “Okay, never have I ever held another man’s hand romantically.”
too sophisticated a color? Too many letters? Do you think they’re even aware that pink and scarlet are not synonymous?”
John swings his right leg over Sherlock’s lap so he’s kneeling above the other man without touching. Without another word, John buries his hands in Sherlock’s curls before bringing his mouth down to the younger man’s hungrily. The new angle gives them both better access to the other’s mouth, and they relish in it.
“John, John, John,” Sherlock pants as his pace increases. Neither of them will last long, not after what John has put them through.
“No, absolutely not. Not sure what I would have done with my own wing anyway,” John chuckled, “I’m sure Mycroft’s room will be fine.”
Sherlock’s brain works around the information as John falls back in to a comfortable, warm slumber. It’s some time before Sherlock speaks up again.
“Please,” Sherlock moans again, left hand tightening on his hip and pulling him somehow closer for a roll of hips.
John smiles at her as she sits down and they talk briefly before John begins his proposal speech. It’s not the same speech Watson had given, considering the different circumstances and all, and it’s not very eloquent.
“You’re going to regret this,” John sing-songed, trying to muster up the energy to pull them both to the bathroom, because that was assuredly the only way he was getting this younger lump out of the bed.
“I still can’t believe you followed him without telling me,” Watson says, the scenario exactly the same as they experienced.
The next morning, after John has left for work at the surgery, Sherlock takes a cab to New Scotland Yard.
sexual release, if not with someone else than of your own free will,” he states as logically as he can through the haze of alcohol. Following Sherlock’s scientific lead actually helps his own level of embarrassment come down to a more manageable level.
the same color,” Sherlock insists for the millionth time, “It’s hardly my fault that idiots can’t tell the difference between sapphire and cobalt,” he finishes, gesturing to each garment as he says their color.
Sherlock rolls over on to his back and John is granted a small ray of hope, for Sherlock has stopped snoring in this new position. John sighs in relief as his eyes fall closed, ready to take full advantage of the situation. If he can just fall asleep before Sherlock starts up again, maybe he’d be able to ignore it.
Sherlock remains still until the door closes, then whirls in to action. He grabs the few items he’ll need and stealthily follows John.
Holmes smiles sadly and sits up fully. He grabs Watson’s blessedly clean-shaven face in his hands and kisses him tenderly.
“Oh, nothing like that. Don’t be so common, Watson; you’re better than that,” he says with an air of genuine disappointment.
“No, I haven’t been to sleep yet,” he assures him, then at John’s continued look of confusion he takes a calculated risk, “Sounded like a nice dream, though.”
Holmes quirks one side of his mouth up a bit sadly, “You’re probably right. After all, I never did expect to be anyone’s best friend before you.”
His phone rings and he begs Sherlock to come help him, but Sherlock merely asks him questions about what he’s seeing. Once he admits that he can see the hound, Sherlock lets him out of the cage. John is incredibly upset by the proceedings, fighting back tears as he proclaims to Sherlock about what he saw. Sherlock tells him that he didn’t actually see it - only what Sherlock had set him up to perceive - and that they’ve all been drugged.
The first letter catches Sherlock off guard. Mrs. Hudson brings him a few pieces of post, one of which is a personalized envelope bearing his name in an extremely familiar scrawl: that of John Watson.
John closed his eyes and breathed deep, concentrating on not wringing the other man’s enticing neck, “Just, try putting your hand in your pants and touching it skin to skin,” he offered as nonchalantly as he could manage.
Sherlock’s brow furrows in confusion. Why would John write a letter instead of texting or emailing? He thought that John was staying away by his own volition, but this letter makes it sound like it’s somehow out of his control.
John stays silent long enough that Sherlock begins getting antsy, so he voluntarily removes the scotch and tumblers from the fort. When he returns - thankful for the warmth inside of it that’s gathered from their body heat - John is looking at him calmly, but with a purpose.
to. He stands still, frightened of scaring him off, as Sherlock’s right hand raises to gently run the backs of his fingers across his left cheek, but closes his eyes and leans in to the light touch. He doesn’t step back as Sherlock steps forward, closing the last bit of distance separating them so that they are pressed flush from what feels like chest to toe. John’s hands move to Sherlock’s sides, grabbing his shirt in his fists to restrain himself while at the same time consenting to the proximity. Sherlock’s right hand moves to the nape of John’s neck, pulling the slightly shorter boy’s face to his and pressing their right cheeks together.
And now, not only have I laid my soul to paper for you – the only person I have ever dreamed to love – and the woman who took advantage of my absence, you’re asking me to teach you to
When Sherlock returned back to the flat, he was covered in a murky brown mud which covered the bottoms of Sherlock’s trousers up to his knees.
The moment is broken as they hear Mary’s voice from the telly, drawing both of their attentions back to the screen.
Sherlock's eyes flickered behind his lids as he considered the evidence, going over it again and again before reaching his final conclusion.
“Alright, you arse,” John huffed, walking to make a coffee, “You better have an early night tonight. It’s an early start in the morning.”
“Oh,” she blushes further in embarrassment, “I just assumed from your interactions and…” she trails off, gesturing to their outfits.
With a purse of his lips and a thick swallow down a surprisingly dry throat, he turns back to the letter he wrote in anger and is surprised to realize that he can barely read the words, as messy as they are from emotion.
Sherlock shifts himself to become comfortable in the embrace once more before whispering, “Goodnight, John,” with a small smile on his face.
“Jesus, Sherlock,” John breathed, his own cock giving a twitch of interest, something not missed by Sherlock who switched to his best and most innocent eyes.
“It’s okay,” Sherlock soothed, cupping John’s cheeks and pulling him down for a kiss, “just stay with me; stay right here.”
“Sherlock, yes. Just like that,” John moaned, his other hand moving to pluck and stroke at his now puckered nipples.
deduce them,” John smiles, looking at the wall of windows to their left, starting at the back nearest the entrance, “St. Margarita. Clearly the Patron Saint of Good Times and Alcohol.”
They are lost within each other when the music slows. John looks uncertain now that a distinctly romantic song is their soundtrack, not wanting to push Sherlock in to anything but also not wanting to lose this closeness. Sherlock quells John’s fears by offering his right hand in invitation with a confident smile, but his eyes show his trepidation. John alleviates Sherlock’s fears by willingly grabbing his hand with a genuine smile.
Moriarty exits, Sherlock moves towards John. Sherlock performs a quick check for sniper dots and, not seeing any, moves swiftly to remove the vest of dynamite from John’s person.
“Alright, you miserable arse,” John huffed, twirling his finger and smirking as he came upon Sherlock’s prostate. John flicked his eyes up to watch Sherlock’s reaction as he stroked his finger over the sensitive nerves surrounding the prostate, not pushing on it directly but certainly enough to stimulate it and cause pleasure, not pain.
“What about if I came along, too? Moral support and backup?” John asked, “And if any of them say anything, I’ll shoot them in the knee.”
John’s face lights up with a smile made for a saint. They meet in the middle for a happy, chaste kiss. Nothing has ever felt this right.
. And then you came in and showered and went to bed so I thought perhaps you had changed your mind.”
Sherlock and Molly head to a case in the basement of a building where a skeleton sits at a desk. It turns out to be nothing more than an old display setup of Jack the Ripper, but throughout it, Sherlock keeps hearing John’s voice in his head and he responds aloud.
“Yes,” John affirmed, moving his face enough to the left that his nose rubbed softly against Sherlock’s neck as he nodded.
In the bathroom, David corners John as they’re both mid-piss, “Sorry about that, mate. You know how Zach gets.”
“John,” he starts a bit shakily, and it catches the shorter boy off-guard; it’s the most emotion he’s heard in his friend’s voice since he woke him up, “I…it hurts to see you so close but not to be touching you,” he admits, the words still being pulled from him via veritaserum, “It physically
Mycroft informs Sherlock that John hasn’t been staying at 221B while he’s been gone, that he’s moved on with his life. Sherlock cannot comprehend this information, because what life could he have been having without him? He asks Mycroft where he’ll be tonight; the elder Holmes claims for a moment not to know, but Sherlock knows better than to believe it. Mycroft warns him that he might not be welcome, but this is also incomprehensible to Sherlock. How could John not be happy to see him?
Next Sherlock needs to avoid going in to shock: find something calming. He looks for John and instead finds Mary, in her wedding dress, aiming a gun at him. If he can’t access John, what else is there that could calm him? Redbeard. He finds the dog and talks to him (
John easily reads the challenge in Sherlock’s eyes because, even inebriated as he is, he’s very good at reading other people’s emotions. He’s also very good at reading
Sherlock finally looks at the other person in the room - who he had assumed to be Lestrade - only to meet the cold eyes of John. He has a gash on his right temple that appears to have finished most of its bleeding, a bruise forming near his left eye, and a split bottom lip.
“No, just sleep,” he says before finally looking away from his phone, his eyes softening slightly as they land on John’s face, “Please,” he adds.
Raz leads them to the skate park. They wander nearby looking for clues; on walls, in the tube, and then finally John finds a large clue on a brick wall. It’s gone by the time John is able to bring Sherlock to it, and then Sherlock grabs John to help him remember the pattern, whatever good he thinks that will do. Then John pulls out his phone and shows him the picture he took.
Sherlock looks confused yet intrigued, lifting his hand closer to his face. John is right, of course, because the older man knows every freckle on his body better than Sherlock does himself. John would never refer to it as a fetish, but he’s definitely got a
? After all that, John thinks she’s crazy enough to do it again? Only a maniac would come back for more.”
Sherlock smiles courteously, “And it’s good to meet an old friend of John’s; you’ll have to tell me all the embarrassing stories you have on him.”
Moriarty clicks a second app on his phone, seemingly opening the vault in the Bank of England. Sally gets the call as they’re driving regarding it. Moriarty calmly writes “Get Sherlock” in silver marker on the glass before clicking a third app on his phone, seemingly letting down the security of the prison. Sally gets another call about this one, as well.
“I appreciate you having restrained yourself from doing so; I was still recovering from my injuries while away.”
“Not bad for an old man,” he joked, smiling as he kissed Sherlock’s neck again, “but you have to remember that I had some help; after all, you
“St. Innocent,” John continues with a huge smile on his face, enjoying being the cause for the genuine smile that graces Sherlock’s features, “Ironically he was a man-whore. And a druggy,” he has to squint to see the last one on the wall, “St…Landulf? Little-known brother to Gandalf the Wizard.”
“Fuck me,” John breathed, looking out of the window at the large stately home, “Is this your house?”
Sherlock figures out that the code is Irene’s measurements - the only thing she really told him - and enters it. He hears the gun inside the safe cock as he turns the lock and knows to duck upon opening it. He warns John with a reference to an old case and John doesn’t falter for a second before getting further down. The bullet takes out the man who was supposed to kill John, Irene puts up a decent fight with her gunman, and Sherlock takes on the leader. There’s chaos for a few seconds which Sherlock utilizes to grab the phone from within the safe. Sherlock goes outside and fires multiple shots in to the air to alert the police.
At this point in their friendship, John Watson no longer needs to say the words “Not good”, nor is he surprised or appalled by the antics of his best friend, Sherlock Holmes. They’ve both become accustomed to gentle societal reminders and move on with ease.
Holmes shifts uneasily on the sofa, feeling that Sherlock is becoming extremely transparent about his feelings towards John, and worrying that Watson will question it. Will he then wonder if all Sherlock Holmes’ care for their John Watson romantically? What is he supposed to do if that happens? Lie and say that
Sherlock begins his speech by pointing out everything that he deems to be wrong with the idea of marriage in general, and the look on John’s face clearly shows him contemplating if Mike or Greg
On his way to the most prominent of the rear ones – a large, dark freckle mid-back just to the left of his spine – he strays to kiss the scars. There are only five remaining: the proof of Sherlock’s time away all those years ago. Proof of the precise lengths he was willing to go to protect John. John’s heart swells with love and regret every time he sees them. How he ever missed that Sherlock cared this much for him is beyond his comprehension. That he ever thought this man to be an unfeeling
Holmes rolls his eyes instead of answering, returning to the couch in a bit of a huff. Watson follows, stepping sideways between the coffee table and the other man’s obnoxiously long legs to reclaim his seat to Holmes’ right. They push play.
Back to Christmas, a heavily pregnant Mary stands from the couch and John gives a speech about how the problems of her past are her business, but the problems of her future are his privilege.
“‘Kings’ is a card game, extremely simple: each card denomination has a specific rule or task you and/or I would have to do. ‘Never have I ever’ has us taking turns saying things that we have never done before; if one of us
At some point the clapping reluctantly draws them out of their own world and back to the reality that they are, in fact, still in a public location.
“Hey, wake up, sleepy-head. We need to go to bed,” John whispered, gently rousing Sherlock from his sleep.
Watson’s face falls in to a stern look of determination. His captain face, “We can’t mess up their timeline with the revelation that they can be together; it’s what’s
"I can't feel my ears," Sherlock complains, placing his now gloveless cold hands over his even colder ears for some semblance of warmth.
“My dearest Watson, there is nothing you could say to me that I would judge you harshly for. I know the good man that you are; there is no danger here.”
Sherlock looked up at John, shaking his head and then inhaling, “I was an odd child. My parents were -- well, you’ve met them. They’re good people, but we were isolated in the family estate. For the first years of my life I was home-schooled by my private tutor along with Mycroft. We learned Latin and Greek and we were allowed to follow our passions. Mine was science, Mycroft’s was law and politics, but once we reached the age of 11, our parents insisted that we attend a local school. Obviously it was private, expensive in fees, but good for education and social standing.”
“I’m also a doctor at a surgery. I miss working with trauma patients, but my work with Sherlock helps with that.”
“Their hands. I cannot be the only one who noticed that they were entwined?” Holmes asked while looking between the two Inspectors curiously. It was clear, by their faces alone, that they had indeed not taken notice. Holmes breathed out through his nose in frustration before continuing, “They were attacked upon leaving the bathhouse. They were beaten and both died of fatal head wounds caused by a blunt object. Their last act, their last
Sherlock reached up with his right hand to clasp the back of John’s neck in response, bringing his mouth down to meet his own with a greedy whine.
John kisses the freckle on the ear before pulling the entire lobe in to his mouth, teasing it with his tongue and teeth. Sherlock moans and tilts his head slightly to the left, allowing John more access and subconsciously directing him down towards his neck.
“Later,” he promises with a mischievous glint in his eye, “I’d rather like to see if I can give you some stubble burn first.”
was almost too much in itself. Sherlock broke off the kiss and slammed his head back against the wall with a moan.
He picks up his phone and finds their old text conversation, opening it and typing the first words to him in a while.
Mycroft belittles him for succumbing to Irene’s charms, and Irene ignores Sherlock in favor for threatening Mycroft. They go back to Mycroft’s estate to barter. Mycroft attempts to find any way not to be under Irene’s thumb, but she’s done a fantastic job of getting him there in the first place, so it’s easy to keep the upper hand. That is, until she mentions her dalliances with Moriarty and mocks Sherlock for thinking that she could ever want him. From there, it’s a simple (egotistical) deduction of what’s in her heart: Sherlock himself. He unlocks the phone, hands it to Mycroft, and makes to walk out. Irene begs but to no avail.
“I’ve finally gotten him clean - to not be a danger to himself or others - and for once in his life he has a friend. You are unlike anything he’s ever had in his life before, and I hate to ask you to take this risk, but understand that I would not dare to ask this if I thought there was a chance that he would lose you.”
John looked over at the photo and smiled; Sherlock looked so young and innocent, his puppy fat cheeks colourful and healthy. The uniform that John could see in the picture looked expensive, obviously a private school.
Sherlock narrows his eyes, suddenly aware of how dangerous this game could be. Lifting his glass cautiously he takes a drink and then huffs, “Honestly, it’s not like it’s an everyday occurrence.”
So when John wakes up just a few hours after falling asleep - panting and sweating as his heart races and the sounds of shots and screams fade away in his ears - to find Sherlock kneeling next to his bed, he’s not entirely surprised. Sherlock knows better than to touch him, but his right hand is incredibly close to his left shoulder, their left hands centimeters from each other as Sherlock’s concerned gaze takes in every detail of John’s face.
Back to John and Sherlock in the house, they prepare to head out and meet Magnussen for the exchange via helicopter. Sherlock iterates how dangerous this plan is, how dangerous Magnussen is, before they head out.
The first thing they see is what appears to be a retelling of Sherlock’s fall, but with truly horrendous action movie music in the background. They show Moriarty’s body being dragged away and a replica of Sherlock’s face pasted on instead. Sherlock jumps, bungee-cords back up, smashes through a window, and kisses Molly. Moriarty’s body is brought out of the building and placed on the sidewalk as Sherlock is shown walking calmly, remorselessly, out of St. Bart’s.
Sherlock nodded quickly and then moved his hands to his trouser buckle, seemingly happy to undress in the middle of the living room, something which made John feel scandalised.
Sherlock bit his bottom lip as he huffed out a breath through his nose, trying desperately not to make any noise that would alert John to his presence. Sherlock notoriously disregarded social niceties, but that doesn’t mean he wasn’t aware that this whole situation was a bit Not Good.
John’s smirk grew into a full, besotted grin, “May I, my brilliant detective, suck your cock and then bugger you senseless?”
John shifts in his seat and hisses slightly when he fully realizes the pain in his body: his right temple, his left eye, his bottom lip, and now his right calf. The noise shocks Sherlock out of whatever self-indulgent trance he was in and he rises to his feet suddenly.
”, but towards the end of the letter - directly after his breakthrough where I knew his mind to be no longer focused on the task at hand - he had written “
When Sherlock wakes a few hours later, it is to find his scarlet faux-suede journal lying on the pillow next to him. His stomach drops as he deduces what that must mean. His brow furrows as he spots a piece of paper sticking out towards the end, with the words “Start here” written on it.
“This isn’t...you can’t just…” he huffed before finally finishing a complete thought, “This isn’t something friends
John smiles at that, “Yes and no. Like I said: it’s used as a unity tool, but also as a friendly pitting of the various branches of the Armed Forces against one another. For drinks.”
keep insinuating that they’re gay?” Watson asks, cheeks flushing a bit in second-hand embarrassment.
Watson glances over at him and shrugs, not even bothering to try to lie after all their years together - Holmes always knows anyway, “Sometimes. I used to a lot more than I do now.”
John shakes his head and thanks whatever gods are watching that Sherlock can’t see the pain in his eyes. He tries to play it off, but David’s right: he practically committed himself to the madman beside him when he returned after things ended with Mary. He chose his life with Sherlock over attempting to establish independence from him; it’s not something he wants.
Sherlock turns on the lights to reveal that it wasn’t a dummy at the end of the hallway, but John. The look on John’s face is a mirror of what Watson’s has been for a long time.
John grunts in aggravation again (too tired to choose another noise) before flinging the hand off once more and moving to lie on his back. This time, when Sherlock seeks him out, he nearly chokes John when his hand lands heavily on his adam’s apple. John splutters before grabbing the hand and pushing it down his body. With Sherlock’s hand resting lightly on his stomach, John finds peace enough to sleep once more.
You move silently towards your chair, still where it belongs, and I move to mine. We sit staring at each other for a few long moments before you speak up again.
The longer they watch, the easier it is for them to disassociate with the characters being portrayed on screen; there are enough differences to accomplish it successfully.
the way you do; all I can tell you is that, having seen John in action plenty during our service, you haven’t been counted out the way you think you have.”
John falls back to sleep quickly, but even if Sherlock thought he could follow suit at one point, he knows there isn’t any hope after what just happened. He doesn’t ask any more questions aloud, but spends the rest of the night deciding which answers he can trust and how that makes him feel.
They watch in amusement as John refuses to help Mycroft, Sherlock’s own brother joining in on implying that they might be gay, and Anthea blatantly turning down John’s advances in the car. When John enters 221B, Watson speaks again.
The case had not helped the underlying emotion in Sherlock’s mind. A young boy had been bullied at school, tortured almost with accusations of his sexuality and personal failures which had led him to kill himself. The death itself was standard, but the scene was set up to look like a murder with various clues pointing towards his bullies. Sherlock had worked the case alongside John, shouting and raving deductions at the police as he whirled his way through the scene and interviewed the young men and women who had led an innocent boy to take his own life. At one point, John considered pulling Sherlock away from the interview room as he softly told a young, popular boy and his mother the intricacies of the case, showing him photos of the young victim’s swollen face in death until the young boy vomited and his mother fainted.
“We don’t have to continue on,” Holmes says cautiously from the entryway separating kitchen and living area, “If you don’t feel up to it, I mean.”
John eyes him suspiciously for a moment but is too tired to keep it up. They had been on this last case for three days with hardly any sleep at all and he is
Sherlock immediately set off into his room, rustling fabric and squeaking the bed as he jumped onto the mattress and got comfortable, “Come on, John!” He called impatiently.
“I don’t…” Sherlock shakes his head shyly, “I want to...but I don’t know how,” he practically pleads for John to take pity on him and just instruct him on what to do without making him continuously admit how inexperienced he is. How no one has wanted to touch him or be touched
John thinks the emotions being permitted to shine through means that the potion is hopefully wearing off. The pain in Sherlock’s voice leads John not to hesitate before standing and moving towards the bed. He stands at the side, looking down in the wane light to simply stare at his face for a moment. It’s heartbreaking and he fears he may be losing him.
John moves to the bar with a roll of his eyes as Sherlock and Bill move to sit. It’s a long rectangular table with three chairs on each side, and Sherlock follows Bill’s precedence by placing his coat on top of the table beside theirs. Bill reclaims his seat on the end closest to the door, Sherlock directly across from him, and when John returns with their drinks, he sits directly to Sherlock’s right.
There’s a recapitulation, just as though it were a real airing TV show that had to wait a length of time for this to come back and not stalker footage. They face off with the vest and gun, then Moriarty’s
The plans to introduce Sherlock to other pleasures of the flesh were derailed the next morning when Sherlock’s phone began to ring shrilly, startling both men from their post-orgasmic haze. Sherlock reached across and lifted his phone to his ear, giving an inelegant grunt in answer before humming.
Then the coup de grâce: Sherlock admitting, “I love you, John,” while pulling him closer, watching John smile slightly before returning, “I love your little laugh.”
There’s a bit of a pause as Sherlock works up the courage to voice it, “Why did I never observe you dating any men?”
Upon his return, Holmes had disguised himself as an old man and literally bumped in to Watson on the street, later following him home to reveal that he was back. It was a rather natural return, with a few shed tears of relief, very little animosity, and a lot of questions. They had spent the entire night catching up and, by the end of it, all ill feelings were placed aside by their elation of being together again.
“Well, nice to see that Sherlock’s got the same propensity for public nudity as you do,” Watson laughs.
Over the course of the day, I briefly sat with some potential clients taking down basic information for Holmes to review upon his return. There were two cases I was sure he would dismiss as uninteresting, but there was at least one promising one among them.
“Right...” John trailed off, watching as Sherlock coughed and then immediately went back to work with a massive torrent of deductions which made the police force dizzy.
He wants to take his hand and reassure Holmes that that isn’t them. That there is no Mary or baby standing between them. That, in the end, the fact that he begged Holmes to not be dead and not his wife means that he chose
“Don’t try to take too much. Focus on the head,” John whispered, moving his hand to curl into Sherlock’s hair, “You’re doing fine.”
John shrugged, “Business partner,” then moved his mouth back to Sherlock’s ear and added on a whisper, “life partner,” before moving down to his neck and whispering, “sex partner,” before lavishing a big, wet kiss to the side.
My face and stomach fall as I tell you to go dance so people don’t start to talk. I know how much you hate it when people talk.
John smirks in triumph, his hands coming up to frame Sherlock’s face as he slowly moves his mouth yet closer. He stops when their lips just barely touch, a teasing caress that promises more but isn’t nearly enough, “I know you would,” he whispers before pulling back.
John attempts to make a joke about people talking about Sherlock ripping his clothes off, and Watson tilts his head away from Sherlock, fighting a smirk even as his blood continues to boil.
“No, I am, but yours has bigger pockets,” he says as he makes an exaggerated gesture of placing his own wallet in Sherlock’s left pocket.
The four were frozen in time until John spoke up again, clearing his throat first, “Well, this is hardly how I had planned it.”
“I’m sorry, where is she yelling to? Where does she think they are right now?” Watson asks, face slowly heating as he points to the screen with his palm facing upwards.
John escorts Henry back to his house to get him settled while Sherlock makes his way back to their inn. John later finds him sitting near a fire in a dining area where they discuss what just happened. Problem is, Sherlock is freaking out too much to really be making any sense to John, and he pushes him away with his attitude and belittling.
His own body was reacting to the sounds and the mental image of John lying back on the bed, prick in hand. His body was hot, too hot. He could feel the drips of sweat beading at his hairline and trailing down his spine to cause a shudder to run through his body.
John blinked and carefully stood, stamping the life back into his cramped up legs as he stroked Sherlock’s face gently, “I wasn’t going to do that here,” John promised, kissing the corner of Sherlock’s mouth softly, “this was just a warm up. I was going to take you to bed and ravish you properly. Like you deserve.”
stay with me, always, but I’m not the one to tell you that if you don’t already know it. If you have to ask, you’ll never know.
Neither man is overly drunk, but it would be fair to say they were buzzed, and at the point where they were becoming very tired. Both men have felt the shift in their relationship tonight, and it’s the most comfortable they’ve ever been, knowing without having to say.
Sherlock has Larry on his stomach now, face digging in to the rough ground as his right knee presses in to his back, his long-fingered hands grasping Larry’s together. Lestrade and his men arrive just two minutes later and take Larry away. The cab ride home is silent.
There’s a flashback to Sherlock telling David that he needs to limit his interactions with Mary from now on so that he’s not a threat to John or his happiness. You know, like all good friends do when their best friend gets married. Right.
“Yes you can. Show me, Sherlock. Show me,” John moaned into Sherlock’s skin, his tongue accidentally licking at Sherlock’s neck as he attempted to lick his own lips.
“It’s with you,” Sherlock said in a moment of candid honesty before he looked down at his feet in embarrassment, “it’s going to be special.”
“I’d rather not,” Sherlock responded, looking straight forward as his eyes followed the progress of the car.
“He was. Actually, my first published work was done alongside Professor Ellis. We worked on a paper together documenting the effects of enzymes on the -- you’re not interested in that part. It’s dull and tedious and was discounted a few years later. By me,” Sherlock chuckled, “Professor Ellis sent me a card of congratulation for that and we stayed in touch. He’s a good man.”
“You think so?” He asks innocently, unsure how the experience truly compares for the more experienced man.
Reaching for his phone, he dialed a number and waited until Mycroft’s nasal voice came over the speaker, “Detective Inspector.”
Sherlock hummed and held John steady as he began to lick and caress the tip of John’s cock with his tongue, drawing shapes and symbols onto the frenulum which sent John’s body into overdrive as he arched his hips and moaned.
John is in Mycroft’s office, learning all the details of the case Sherlock has sweet-talked him in to taking with one small compliment about being his best man.
Watson merely shakes his head, not looking from the opening credit sequence. He feels as though he doesn’t breathe until they’re over and they’re transported three months prior, where Sherlock Holmes is still alive.
John shoots a glare at him, “Yes, but it’s still evidence and it can’t be a good thing for it to be lost. Will you just help me look?”
“You used to follow him around the gardens, your chubby little legs trying to keep up with him. It was adorable,” Mr. Holmes commented, looking off wistfully, “Mycroft was obsessed with Robin Hood before Sherlock was born; refused to take off his tights even for bed. When Sherlock was born, however, Mycroft allowed Sherlock to join in. We have photos somewhere...”
before lifting up just enough to kiss John on the lips, “And I you,” he assures once the kiss ends. He rolls off to the side, not wanting to suffocate the smaller man under his weight.
Sherlock ducks his head down and to the right, trying to keep his next laugh in, but displaying his pleased smile to John.
John almost choked on his drink and then closed his eyes, his head falling back onto the headrest of his chair, “Why?” He asked in a resigned tone.
Flashes of news stories about how Richard Brook turned out to be fake and that Sherlock was not a fraud at all. His name has been cleared, but he’s still gone.
After nearly five minutes of this, Sherlock huffed in annoyance before removing his hand from his pants and looking at John with a mixture of anger and defeat, “It isn’t working, John,” he said, almost as an accusation.
Glugging his scotch, Sherlock nodded quickly and stood up, swooping into his bedroom and closing the door once more, leaving John feeling helpless and saddened in the kitchen. He had thought getting Sherlock to agree to go would lift some stress from both of their shoulders, but he had been wrong. He went to his own bedroom with a heavy heart, remembering his new-found knowledge of Sherlock’s past.
Sherlock and John enter Irene’s place via story of a vicar who has been attacked and a doctor who just conveniently happened to be passing by at the time. Sherlock waits in the sitting room while John is led to get a bowl of water and a towel to clear Sherlock’s face. Irene enters the room completely bared of all clothes, catching Sherlock utterly off guard. She asks him questions, practically straddling his lap by the time John enters the room.
John moves his face lower so that their mouths are a mere breath away, his words coming to rest on his lips as Sherlock longs for the press of them against his own, “I think about your lips and how they would feel against mine,” he whispers, “I think about how swollen I could get them from kissing you for so long. Because I would, Sherlock,” it comes out as both a promise and a threat simultaneously, “I fear I wouldn’t be able to ever stop kissing them if you gave me the chance. Would you let me?”
“I love how simple some people are; loving to correct information, even when they don’t wish to share it.”
“Fine!” Came one last shouted reply from Sherlock before she returned to the kitchen looking pleased with herself.
“I do think about it sometimes,” Holmes whispers, unsure why he’s admitting to it, “which pill it was and if I would have died that night.”
They make their way back to his office and he helps her to sit before turning back and closing the door. When he turns back around, the entire facade has been dropped.
Sherlock and John look at each other from roof and street as Sherlock claims that it’s all true. John won’t listen, keeps saying that it can’t be.
As he reaches the door, John notices that Sherlock has stood and is following him. He turns around fully to face him, “What are you doing?”
“So…you’re clearly under a spell or potion,” John starts slowly, logically, “Tell me what it is,” he orders, having put two-and-two together to realize that veritaserum is somehow involved.
They arrest Moriarty and watch the footage of him breaking in. The screen flashes newspaper articles detailing the event.
“Makes sense,” John nods in understanding, not wishing to relive their nightmares, much less think about how calming each other’s presence was to the other in those times. John has never experienced such a peaceful night sleep after waking from a nightmare as when Sherlock was behind him, subtly comforting him.
Flashback to Leinster Gardens, where Sherlock demands them back to Baker Street. John storms in first, fit to burst, then Mary and - much slower and paler - Sherlock.
It wasn’t until three days later that the two men returned to their flat, covered in mud and leaves from their wrestle with a murderer. John had taken first shower, scrubbing himself pink, and then collapsing onto his own bed for a much needed nap, unwilling to deal with Sherlock’s pottering around the flat whilst he was so exhausted.
“Coin check!” Bill proclaims before forcefully placing the metal object on the table. He then sits back with his arms crossed over his chest, staring between them all challengingly.
Watson shrugs with a smile of his own, “It was the last insult in a long line. He just took the brunt of my frustration with everyone.”
“I don’t…” Sherlock started, but trailed off in confusion, a rare occurrence of uncertainty tainting his tone.
Bill puts his phone down on the table and stands to embrace John in a tight hug, “I was beginning to second-guess if anyone would actually show. Whatever happened to that ‘to be early is to be on time’ shite they drilled into us in the army?” he grumps, but the smile gives him away.
As I re-read this chapter to edit, it occurred to me how very "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing" by Aerosmith this chapter is, hence the title. Oh, the fluff. I can't.
“Oh no, princess,” John teased and Sherlock awoke more fully to become properly offended, “you’ll need to walk. But I’ll help support you.”
“They've been friends a while,” John answered, “Although Greg hasn't told me in person, he did hint that he was seeing someone...”
Greg raised his eyebrows until they almost met his hairline and nodded, “Right. And that’s because…?”
“Oh please,” Holmes tries to stop Watson from reading too much in to it and stumbling upon the truth of his -
Sherlock puts his phone on the nightstand and moves on to his right side, facing John. He’s not incredibly tired, so he focuses his attention on John’s steady breathing. This is how he falls asleep.
“You’re erect again,” Sherlock pointed out lustily, “that is an incredibly short refractory period, doctor,” he praised.
John nodded his head while biting his bottom lip, even though an answer wasn’t exactly required considering that his cock was rushing to fulfill the request. He was fully hard in seconds, and a bit light headed for it.
Merry/Happy Christmas everyone! We hope this smut makes up for having to deal with families. Love you all!
It should be ridiculous. It should be unsexy and unflattering to see a grown man in Y-fronts - especially white ones which do nothing to hide the very prominent bulge of John’s not-yet-erect penis - but Sherlock can feel his mouth filling with saliva, his blood beginning to boil with pure want. He diverts his eyes and looks away.
Sherlock is slowly pulled out of his Mind Palace by the feeling of something repeatedly rubbing one point on his right hand.
Sherlock clears his throat lightly before following John’s answers to a new question: “Who are you speaking to right now?”
,” he reiterates, “So please, I know I’ve ruined everything, but I need you to lay with me. That’s all,” he promises.
Next come the flashes of various cases they either took or dismissed; they are all familiar to the pair. John and Sherlock bicker in the morgue about whose website is more popular and Sherlock storms off in a strop, leaving John and Greg to look at each other in confusion.
“You’re going to sleep four nights in a row?” He asks with a skeptical eyebrow raised, as this would be an unprecedented event.
Sherlock leans back against the couch comfortably, giving John a sultry look that dares him to continue on. John answers the look with his own one of mischief before placing his hands on either side of Sherlock’s head to brace himself as he places his feet on the floor. He utilizes the standing position he's now in to open the button and fly of his trousers; not to remove the garment, merely to relieve the pressure on his burgeoning erection. Sherlock looks less cocky as he bites his bottom lip, eyes focused on John’s actions hungrily.
Neither is certain how long they stay like that: John staring expressionlessly at his wife’s lifeless body while Sherlock kneels at his feet, weeping silently in to John’s knee.
“Not until you tell me what’s happened; have you changed your mind? Which is fine by the way…” John says, desperately hoping that that isn’t the case.
Moriarty yells about skinning someone if they’re lying and then leaves the pool. The sniper dots disappear. The scene fades in to a woman dressed provocatively.
This shocks John. He’s known for years that he’s in love with Sherlock, he just kept tamping it down because Sherlock’s not in to that sort of thing. He’d rather have him as a best friend than nothing at all, “You didn’t
Watson reaches to the coffee table for the remote and pauses the DVD - as fate would have it - on Mrs. Hudson’s face. She stops where she’s standing, transfixed by the telly.
When John starts to pull away, Sherlock chases him and roughly rejoins their lips, and John hisses at the rough contact with his split lip. They pull apart, remembering simultaneously that John needs to get to the A&E quickly.
After a few moments, Sherlock switched sides to give the other testicle the same treatment, salivating further in contentment at the aroused noises falling from John’s mouth. In a none-too-rare moment of genius, Sherlock lifted his right hand back to John’s cock and began pulling it in tandem with his flicking tongue.
When John enters his room, he discovers that the power has gone out with the storm when he tries to turn on his light. That's alright, it's only one in the afternoon, so he figures it'll be back on before night falls. Surely.
Sherlock has burdened himself with the task of figuring out if he could give John everything in life that he deserves. He’s come to the conclusion that, no, John is far too good for someone like him, but he shocks himself with his desire to work harder to be worthy of him nonetheless.
; I think once people get to know me they see me as abrasive and would rather not have anything to do with me. I’ve also never really taken to casual flings. I work well alone.”
John simply slow blinks at him a few times, mouth actually opening and closing soundlessly twice before he can manage to make words come out, “You aren’t serious.”
“Still old enough to understand why Mycroft was walking with an oddly wonky gait and wincing whenever he sat,” Sherlock mumbled, smirking at John.
He sits on the edge of the bed heavily, and lowers his chin to his chest. It’s a natural move to hide his tears, but there’s no one there to see them anyway. It had been bad enough thinking that he wouldn’t see Sherlock for six months, but he would come back. In his head, that was the plan he held on to to hold himself together. But to learn that he wouldn’t come back from the mission and chose to come to his own end instead…where had they gone so wrong? When had John failed him so incredibly badly?
“Holmes,” he calls to the bathroom where he knows the man to be, “what the hell are these?” he asks as he lifts the first one off of the pile to inspect it. It appears to be an official release TV show, with their pictures on the front and back.
Sherlock sat on the bed, looking lost and vulnerable at the face of his best friend. His brain, able to function for the first time since entering the room, wondered what this all meant.
Sherlock checks if John’s alright, Moriarty grants John permission to speak but he doesn’t. Perhaps as an act of defiance or merely not trusting his own voice, he simply locks eyes with Sherlock and nods.
“I mean that the only cases on right now don’t even hit a 5 on your scale,” Lestrade bites back in annoyance.
John walks in to the same situation as before: Sherlock in the bed on his phone, the camera set up near the foot of the bed. He sighs warily as he lies down. Sherlock turns off the light and settles, everything feeling very similar to the night before.
“He's been a pain in my bottom for as long as I can remember,” Sherlock answered, lip pouting and arms folded.
John knows he has a valid point, but the bed isn’t really suitable for two people to share it, at least not without cuddling, and he’s not certain that’s the best idea at the moment.
. In the court room, Sherlock is answering the questions required of him, but is also trying to lead the barrister in her inquisition. In the end, he mostly just succeeds in talking Moriarty up, annoying the jury, and then getting himself placed in jail for contempt after not being able to stop being a smartarse.
Holmes turns his head, his face falling in the way a scolded puppy’s does. He’s come so far over the years that sometimes it’s difficult for Watson to remember that human interactions aren’t Holmes’ strong suit.
“If you buy me kitsch teddy bears or hearts, I’m going to murder you in your sleep,” Sherlock warned good-naturedly.
“No. They don’t,” he says resolutely, drinking from his nearly-empty tumbler while staring at the carpet for something else to do. When he raises his eyes again nearly a minute later, he finds John simply staring at him open-mouthed, “What?” He adds testily.
Back to the Holmes residence at Christmas, Mary snarks at John about actually talking to her today, the first time in months. He pulls out a flash drive with the initials A.G.R.A on it.
“Sherlock,” John moaned, dropping his head to Sherlock’s clavicle, “I don’t know how much longer I can last.
Holmes opens his mouth to say how dreadful that actually sounds – about as excited about the concept as Sherlock – but Watson speaks up before he can.
can’t tell them apart either. At the end of it, John doesn’t look at all surprised by what’s just happened, more like he just doesn’t care.
And though Sherlock couldn’t put voice to the feeling yet, he felt his chest swell with love for this stoic, brave, kind man.
Sherlock finally looks up Mary’s body when everything falls silent. He sees the puddle of blood forming around her head, feels the stillness of her body with his own, and he immediately gracelessly scrambles off of her. His eyes land on John, roving over his body looking for any signs of new injuries, only to settle on his leg.
Greg rushes to 221B as he calls for maximum backup, thinking that Sherlock is dying, but is caught off guard to find that he simply needs assistance writing his best man speech.
Back in 221B Sherlock yells at crap telly while John slowly types away at his computer with a mere two fingers instead of ten. He always uses just the two, and Holmes secretly finds it adorable at the same time he’s driven mad by the lack of productivity it perpetuates. John leaves the flat, claiming to be going to see Sarah.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” he says truthfully, seeing the slight confusion that the potion is letting through, “Please, just lie down and rest. I’ll be back soon,” he promises, his heart aching at the loss as well as the bit of a blank look still on Sherlock’s face from the potion.
“Bullshit!” Watson spits, “One month unsupervised and…” he stops, brow furrowing in confusion, his anger dissipating completely, “they haven’t seen each other for a
Sherlock smirked mischievously before moving his right hand to John’s stomach, “If I touch right about here,” he muttered while lightly dragging his fingertips down about two inches of skin, near his navel, causing John’s hips to thrust forward sharply again, the older man hissing at the feeling, “Oh, John!” Sherlock moaned at the harsher thrust, eyes closing in pleasure.
Sherlock recognizes it immediately and chuckles, “People do little else,” he completes with a smile.
“I haven’t decided yet. But I’m sure it will be amazing,” John grinned sexily, “Now sleep; you’ll need your strength.”
Sherlock heard the beginning of the curse and was momentarily worried that he was doing it wrong, but every indication from John’s body was extremely positive, so he pulled off with a falsely concerned tone, “Would you like me to stop?” He asked as he stilled his hand, warm breath ghosting over the other man’s wet bollocks.
Henry is running through a field at night, gun in hand as he tries to evade the hound that’s following him with glowing red eyes. He turns and takes a clumsy shot at it, but then he’s suddenly back in his house. He tried to shoot his therapist. He apologizes profusely, looking at the gun in his hand as though he just noticed it was there, and then runs away.
John is nodding his head slightly to the music as he glances around the crowd lazily, secretly trying to deduce couples (not that he’d ever tell Sherlock that). He’s surprised to find a woman suddenly on his left, introducing herself.
John brings Greg up to the hospital room, but they discover that he’s gone missing. John and Greg involve Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson in a desperate attempt to locate him, while Mary questions the less usual suspects for clues (Anderson and his woman friend). Molly comes on screen and admits that Sherlock has been staying with her.
he thinks as he fills their glasses and begins the game, “I’ll start simple. Never have I ever stored a severed arm in the bread bin.”
It comes back to show Moriarty and Mycroft. The consulting criminal is escorted out of a cell where “Sherlock” is written over and over on every available space. The credits roll.
It was enough; the heat mixed with the touch and his name. With an unbelievably loud and incoherent yell, Sherlock came in his satin boxer shorts, coating the insides with an impressive amount of semen which clung sticky and cloying to his skin and pubic hair.
John nods, “He came back. And I realized it then: that there's a huge difference between choosing to be with a woman because she's the one I love more than anything else in the world, and settling for a woman because I'm too scared to go for the man I may love more. So the marriage ended and I moved back in with him and…” he shakes his head sadly and locks eyes with his friend again before asking so quiet the other man almost misses it, “what the hell am I doing, Dave? What the fuck am I even doing?”
In his room, Sherlock was sitting on the edge of his bed, staring at an old picture in his hands. It’s of his graduation from the hellish school he’s meant to be revisiting, standing next to Professor Ellis. The older teacher standing with his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders, smiling with genuine pride, as Sherlock stands there trying not to look too pleased with himself. It’s the only physical evidence he has of how relieved they both were to get Sherlock through that school without anyone coming to (too much) physical harm.
John stops breathing until his lungs scream at him. He rereads the message four times before he can bring himself to move on.
“Because…we love each other,” I state even though it feels like more of a question within me, “Don’t we?” I can’t help but add at the end.
Greg walks Sherlock and John through the back of a theatre, warning about the press outside. Before leaving the building, Sherlock pulls on a deerstalker and hands John a flat cap.
Holmes studies him seriously for a minute, and Watson is too intrigued to break it. He can almost see his friend’s brain working.
John blinks once with purpose, pulling himself back in to the moment, before striding those few steps that separate them to grab his face in his hands and pull Sherlock down to kiss him. Sherlock at first freezes at the shock of it, but then melts down to meet him with a desperate, broken sigh.
Sherlock lets out a breath of disgruntled air, frustrated by John’s lack of clarity and communication. This entire situation feels off somehow, and it’s quite honestly making him uneasy.
Watson can’t think of anything to say to that, but the feelings of pride and adoration swell within him.
“For them, maybe,” Holmes tells him softly, looking him in the eye honestly, not able to keep his true feelings out of his gaze with Watson so clearly upset by the denial of the declaration of love John Watson so deserves from Sherlock Holmes.
“Does the government have some dimension jumping worm hole concealed in an office building some place?” Watson jokes while making no move to grab the DVDs, but Mycroft’s face grows tight and Watson’s face drops, “Oh my God, you bloody do.”
After voicing the opinion, he accepts it as truth. This entire collection of footage has been devoted to Sherlock and John, any women (of romantic interest or not) merely an accessory. Holmes is worried that Watson may have made this same connection after his statement, but one look at him proves that he is too distracted by John and Mary to have really heard him.
“God, I need to piss,” John says abruptly, pushing back his chair to remove himself from the table and moving swiftly towards the back of the pub.
“When you were asleep the night we got it. Very simple, don’t know why Mycroft even required our assistance.”
John makes the mistake of looking at the people around them and notices the mix of curious and pleased eyes staring at them. Fuck ‘em. Let them stare; they’re just jealous that John got to him first. He drops his head slightly so that his nose is now centimeters from the side of Sherlock’s neck, inhaling his familiar, comforting scent as Sherlock’s body shudders involuntarily. John closes his eyes to cherish the content feeling flowing through him.
Flash forward to the following day, Sherlock is in 221B listening to his parents (mostly mother) blathering on about inane details until John walks in the door.
“No!” Sherlock dropped all pretense for a moment as he pulled strong enough for John to fall on top of him. As John smiled down at him affectionately, Sherlock couldn’t help but blush at his obviousness, “I mean,” he cleared his throat, loosening his hold as he nonchalantly ran his hands over John’s arms instead, “your company isn’t
We both spent the years yearning for the other – you for me not to be dead, me for you not to be ignorant of my living – but with one significant,
– that I found it difficult to cope without my cold mask of deduction and indifference that I have spent so many years perfecting.
John sees the trace of panic behind the falsely calm eyes and knows that something beyond Sherlock’s control is at work. He pushes aside the rush of joy at hearing those words coming from his friend whom he has been pretending not to have feelings for (because Sherlock has always proclaimed that dating is not his area) and brings his clinical side to the forefront.
“Well…just incase,” John shrugged, but for a brief moment there was an emotion in John's face that Sherlock couldn't place. It was gone as quickly as it arrived and John stood as he moved back to the door, “Night, Sherlock.”
“I have been informed,” Sherlock responded before looking away, “I realise that not having permission is ‘Not Good’, but I knew you would say no. Like John did.”
His heart leaps to know that John is alive after all, no matter what Mary led him to believe before.
“I know, I know,” Watson finally calms down completely and looks at the back of the third case, “This says it was released in 2014, which has already happened. It can’t change the past, can it?” He finishes seriously.
never looked,” Sherlock frowned dramatically, lines appearing at his forehead, “why are you looking at John’s penis? You shouldn’t do that! It’s not...that’s not…no. I forbid it,” he demanded with a scowl.
. He has wanted this for so long, but he never imagined that his level of desire could be higher in the moment of its actualization than it is in his dreams.
“Quite,” Sherlock says as he looks down at himself with a wince. He’s ruined everything. His one chance is gone.
Sherlock doesn’t even answer verbally, simply moves away just enough to remove his boxers and throw them outside of the blanket. John chuckles as he does the same, but then he hesitates in pulling Sherlock back to him, not wanting to overwhelm him.
He tries not to think about it as he settles on his back, head turned from Sherlock as usual. Sherlock sets his phone down and turns off the bedside lamp before assuming his customary position on his right side so that he can face John. John falls asleep within moments, but even with as tired as Sherlock is, he doesn’t fall asleep until John has unconsciously rolled on to his left side and allowed Sherlock’s hand to grasp his.
“That’s alright, dear,” Nancy reaches a hand to Trixie’s and pats it soothingly with a smile, “I also thought they were a couple after their behavior during the ceremony.”
“Even now?” He sounds honestly a bit hurt by the thought that Watson wouldn’t understand his methods by now.
In this same fashion, kissing every inch he could on his way back up, John finally stood and kissed Sherlock’s lips again. Taking a few steps back and placing space between their bodies, John lowered his steady hands to his own flies, removing the rest of his clothing as Sherlock watch with rapt attention to each bit of skin as it became exposed.
John pulled him down again for another intense kiss, like the ones they shared in the back of the car. Sherlock began to walk them towards the bed as his hands removed John’s jacket before moving to pull his shirt from his trousers.
Without any context – with only one look at John’s face as he lets go of Moriarty – Sherlock knows the dots are on him. He shakes his head minutely in a
John felt a blaze of anger going through him as he looked at Sherlock looking broken and dejected, “I heard a little about it. Sherlock said it was bad...”
“Not even during this debacle? There was never a shred of doubt, a nagging voice saying that I was a fraud?”
you started calling out at night, but you would no longer accept tea to ease your troubled mind; only my presence could do that. I never really thought twice about the arrangement: you needed comfort and I enjoyed the feeling of being needed, so as your arms would wrap around me and your chest pressed closely to my back, I would smile as I allowed sleep to overtake me.
The day you got engaged was the day I died all over again, but this time for myself. You didn’t notice the difference because I was determined you wouldn’t see it; wouldn’t see the excruciating pain I felt in my very core to lose you after I was finally able to return home.
“No, it’s definitely broken; I couldn’t possibly touch myself now, Doctor,” Sherlock smirked, lifting an eyebrow meaningfully.
“I think about your curls and how I’d love to grab hold of them and tug just enough to cause pleasure, not pain,” he says, threading a hand in to the curls to demonstrate. Sherlock moans at the oddly delicious feeling of the slight tug on his roots.
John places his hands over Sherlock’s before rising on his knees again, breaking the contact below, “I think about your hands,” he pants, eyes practically afire with desire as he looks at Sherlock hungrily, “your graceful,
He had stopped denying his feelings, to himself and to others. John was madly, utterly, and devastatingly infatuated with Sherlock; from his hair to his weirdly chimp-like toes.
Sherlock turns his head to look at John in confusion before lifting up just long enough to see where he’s pointing. He falls back with a smile.
It doesn’t depict it on the “show” for some reason, but Holmes and Watson remember perfectly how they reached Kitty’s place.
“Because he’s pretending and I’m not!” Sherlock half-yelled, but luckily the music and nearby conversations were still loud enough not to draw too much attention. Except for just behind Sherlock where the taller man heard a sharp intake of breath. Sherlock closed his eyes tight against the certain,
Sherlock uses the wall of 221B as a web map of rats and the sofa as a stepping stool to access it. Mycroft swings by the flat to enquire about how the case is coming along, but Sherlock doesn’t really have any answers except that he’s watching some people. They then begin talking about their childhood and how other people are idiots and dull.
“I’ll order,” Sherlock insists and then smiles, “and I’ll ask them to bring burnable materials. I’ll call Chin from the Golden Dragon; he still owes me.”
John answers the insistent knocking, apparently fully awake even though he only just fell in to a true sleep.
Next thing they know, Sherlock is ordering two beers, to be served up in graduated cylinders. He hands John his and sits down, starting a timer on his phone. It appears to simply be the two of them, none of John’s other friends.
There was no further touching during the meal, but John enjoyed talking to the other people near him, chatting amicably and with an ease that Sherlock found foreign. John was working class surrounded by toffs, but he managed somehow to blend in perfectly.
After a few more moments of simply staring, reveling in being reunited, Holmes took himself and his suitcase to his bedroom. I followed out of instinct, possibly unwilling to let him leave my sight again so soon. As I watched him unpack his things, leaning against the doorframe, my mind inevitably went back to the comma, causing my stomach to flutter.
John closes it gently and then absentmindedly runs his left thumb over the faux-suede reverently, lost in thoughts. Sherlock never explicitly proclaims who the “you” to whom most entries are directed is, but even John can figure out they’re for him. The entire abominable-looking journal is a love letter. And Sherlock’s note.
This is another part that Moriarty must have taken cinematic liberties with, for how could he have possibly known what went on in Sherlock’s mind here?
Next came Sherlock’s inquiry of, “Who painted the kitten?” to which John replied with such conviction, “The dog walker. Had to be.”
new person. You accepted that I was a bit odd and I accepted that you were a bit broken. Neither of us minded that the other wasn’t perfect; in fact, it only seemed to make it a bit easier.
“I love you,” he repeats, just as easily. Behind the bit of glazed-over calmness, Sherlock is freaking out. The veritaserum is potent enough to get him to only speak truths, but is diluted enough that he can still register what is happening. He will remember everything.
“And you use them as a drinking game?” Sherlock asks in utter confusion, still not quite certain what just transpired.
“Yeah, maybe...” John frowned, realising that it looked far posher than the ones they normally received from their fans. Opening the letter quickly, John blinked and skimmed the words before clearing his throat, “It's from St. Benedict’s school. For you.”
When the case was over, Sherlock was subdued and extremely quiet. He entered Baker Street and toed off his shoes, hanging up his coat and heading for the kitchen and the bottle of scotch they kept behind the microwave. Sherlock never drank, preferring other intoxicants, but he sat at the kitchen table and poured himself two fingers, throwing it back and then adding a second.
The game goes downhill quickly after that when Sherlock admits that he doesn’t actually know who the person is on John’s head, even though he picked the name. Sherlock finishes out his side of the game, going through the information John gave him and deciding that he must have John’s name on his forehead.
“It’s an unorthodox move,” John admits, blushing slightly at the sentiment of it all; it’s just a coin, afterall. But it’s not really
A quick internet search gives him mixed reviews on the honesty of sleep talking. Some articles claim that the coherent statements are true while the incoherent ramblings probably mean nothing. However, some scientists claim that there is no sound basis for declaring one way or the other, but that it’s best not to place too much stock in the words being true.
Watson is engrossed in reading the back of the case with his eyebrows drawn together in confusion when the other man enters.
As Sherlock stood there, offended, John walked away laughing towards the bathroom at the other end of the room.
Due to family being around for the next million years, I'll most likely be posting each chapter (just one a day, now) earlier in the day for you guys...at least until Saturday or Sunday. Then I go back to work and they'll be posted a bit later again.
“So what is it that you two do, exactly?” Paul asks Sherlock and John kindly, genuinely curious, as the table eats their food. He seems far too nice to be dating Sally.
“Of course you did. Any case where I nearly get blown up - and I think we can agree that there have been more than necessary - really leave a sour taste in my mouth.”
Sherlock looks from John to Mary, nodding once before looking back at John standing from the chair and saying, “Right.”
“Quite,” Mr. Holmes said sadly, “I often had to attend the school. Pick Sherlock up with a bloodied nose or split lip. Or after having food tipped over him. He was in a dreadful state, but we told him: you have to stay there, otherwise they'll win. They'll think what they said was true.”
Sherlock can’t help the laugh that escapes him at the absurdly random deduction. They get quite a few heads turning their direction - including an eye roll from Greg - and both try to stop smiling long enough for their apology to at least appear sincere. They don’t succeed.
How can I ask you what my heart is begging me to? I’m so tired of pretending, so tired of worrying about your wife who shot me, so tired of this aching emptiness.
“That man is completely psychotic, and I feel extremely fortunate that he is no longer a factor in our lives.”
“In two of your letters that you wrote to me while away, you inserted a comma in the middle of a phrase, and it changed the entire meaning. I need to know if it was intentional.”
A few hours later saw John full to the brim of heavenly homecooked food, and amazing scotch which Mr. Holmes had insisted on pouring for them. Sherlock was curled up on the small sofa, his toes buried under Mrs. Holmes’ legs as he read through her most recent thesis, making soft humming noises of agreement which made his mother smile.
“Good,” John chuckled, carefully moving to take a few tissues from the bedside table to mop up his hand and Sherlock’s belly.
John inhales through his nose and nods resolutely. His worry is tinged with a small dose of cautious optimism.
John sighed, rubbed at his temples and then groaned low and loud, “Fine! Fine. Alright. Whatever you want.”
The look on John’s face when he sees the ring is beyond words. The look is an actual feeling inside both Holmes and Watson’s chests instead. It’s crushing.
They sway in time to the music for two, three, five songs, the crowd slowly pushing them closer together. It’s not indecent dancing as it may have been at a dance club, but it’s close and they touch hands to limbs for support and their eyes linger as their smiles mirror the other.
“Apparently,” he agrees quietly, “which helps explain it,” Watson looks at him quizzically, so he begrudgingly continues, “it’s difficult to describe succinctly, but it comes down to this: Sherlock Holmes’ life prior to John Watson dealt a lot with drug use, so, with John being swept away from him again, it probably felt natural for Sherlock to fall back in to his old routines pre-John.”
“Right,” John sighed, running his left hand through his hair nervously. To say that he had never thought about engaging in intimate scenarios with his best friend would be a lie, but that didn’t make this situation any less odd and a bit off-putting.
Sherlock doesn’t wait long before beginning to move. They have shared this dance countless times and he knows the steps by heart.
You purse your lips and search my eyes vulnerably, almost like you’re looking for something. This is a moment that could change everything and it scares the piss out of both of us.
The kettle boils and Watson makes the tea without a word. He brings the cups to the cluttered table and sets them down, “Will you sit?” He asks Holmes politely, taking his own seat.
“Right. No. None of that,” John warned, crossing his legs and putting his paper aside, “with strangers, I mean. If you...want to do that then I’ll help. Only until you know what you’re doing.”
John moves his face lower so that their mouths are a mere breath away, his words coming to rest on his lips as Sherlock longs for the press of them against his own, “I think about your lips and how they would feel against mine,” he whispers, “I think about how swollen I could get them from kissing you for so long. Because I would, Sherlock,” it comes out as both a promise and a threat simultaneously, “I fear I wouldn’t be able to ever stop kissing them if you gave me the chance. Would you let me?”
like - and has been desperate to know if what he feels when he’s both near and far from his only friend is this fabled thing they call love.
John hasn’t had to comfort someone having a nightmare before, like others have done for him, but he knows some basics. Without needing to worry about PTSD in Sherlock’s case, he makes a decision. He sits on the cushion next to his friend, not yet touching him. He lays his right hand very lightly against Sherlock’s left shoulder, the whisper of a touch. This appears to drain the worry from Sherlock, but replaces it with an intense sadness.
Sherlock is pulled from his inner mantra of “Alive, safe, here, alive, safe, here,” by John’s right hand gently carding through his curls.
?” Watson fires back. When the words finally register for both men, they begin to laugh at the ridiculousness.
Sherlock and John make their way to the car and Sherlock pops his collar again. John calls him out on his mysterious cheekbones and trying to look cool.
Sherlock looks over at the stack of coats on the nearby table, judging the distance, before turning back to John, “Yes.”
An hour later, John was on his fourth glass of champagne. He didn't feel drunk, but he did feel the overwhelming urge to piss. Sidling up to Sherlock who was chatting with another man from his class, John tugged on his arm, “Where are the loos?”
Sherlock gets John on the phone and directs him to where he needs to be. Holmes knows that there has to be some sort of plan, he wouldn’t really die in front of John. He had plenty of time to think of a plan or three, hadn’t he? While he waited for Moriarty to show up?
Sherlock sighs dramatically, removing his coat with a flourish unique to the detective, and gives in, “Yes, fine.”
“She was yelling up towards your bedroom,” Holmes answers with a calculating look, deducing the trajectory.
“Why do I allow you to make me approachable?” Holmes asks, as this exchange did happen for them, as well, and many more similar ones throughout the years.
Sherlock glances quickly over at the woman to see a look of shocked resignation on her face. She knows what’s coming, just as all of John’s former girlfriends knew it would happen at some point. He’d feel sorry for the honesty roulette having landed on her turn, but it can’t be helped; this must end
The words enrapture Sherlock just as they did Holmes and he accepts the case. Unlike Holmes, however, Sherlock pretends to be too busy to go himself but assures Henry that he’ll send John instead. John puts the pieces together, knowing Sherlock doesn’t actually care about the glowing bunny case, and fetches his cigarettes for him and they’re on their way a few hours later.
He was already halfway gone by the time he heard the rattle. It sounded like his bedroom window, but he shrugged it off - they had recently had birds nesting in the roof and that must have been the source of the sound. He closed his eyes and wrapped his hand back around his cock, stroking leisurely as he arched his back and moaned deep and low, thinking of various women (and the occasional man) he had slept with.
“Bedtime. You've been asleep since the opening credits of Star Trek started,” John sighed playfully.
Sherlock doesn’t need to ask what he means. John knows Sherlock needs his comfort right now and he willingly gives it, wrapping his arms securely around his too-thin body as Sherlock settles against his side.
“My boy,” he greeted, the alcohol clearly going to his head, “I’m so glad you came tonight. I was worried you wouldn’t want anything to do with this place.”
John shook his head playfully, hyper focussed on Sherlock’s arse as he spread the cheeks wide and used his dry thumb to stroke around the opening softly, keeping it gentle in order to sensitize Sherlock to the feeling. Sherlock jumped, whining low in his throat as a mottled blush began at his cheeks and worked its way down to his chest. His legs kicked out and he inhaled deeply, attempting to calm himself as John prodded and circled the area, never pushing in, but just getting Sherlock used to his touch.
Watson flounders for a moment, trying to comprehend the sentiment in the statement, “Did you go back to using after I got married?”
“Ah, St. Decorosus,” John moves on instead, “Patron Saint of Interior Design,” he points out while nodding his head sagely.
Sherlock shook his head, nose barely brushing the other man’s, before surging forward to close all of the space between them. John chuckled as Sherlock’s nose came to rest against his neck, his arms wrapping tightly around his body to hug him yet closer.
Holmes tuts, “Plates of food, yes, but drinks? Honestly, Watson, don’t be ridiculous; clearly they were just drinking the same thing, not sharing it.”
Flash back over to Henry who is having another difficult night. While watching the telly, his motion-sense lights are triggered in the backyard multiple times, effectively causing him to have a meltdown.
I looked up slightly, into his eyes, and shook my head again, “I cannot. It’s impertinent, improper, and quite possibly indecent.”
Watson’s stomach drops to see the look on Sherlock’s face as he walks away. It’s subtle, but Watson has known Sherlock Holmes for long enough to see the pain there…how lost and listless he appears. He’s unspeakably glad that he never put Holmes through this. Did he? He looks over at his friend and sees an empathetic, calculating look on his face.
“I’m not tired yet; I don’t typically sleep two nights in a row,” Sherlock answers, already distracted by the laptop again.
want John to know the extent of how little he has done; he wants John to feel comfortable touching him and kissing him, and if John knows how he’s never really done any of those things…
John looks back in to Sherlock’s eyes sharply. He debates telling him, confessing everything: that he’s loved him for years, that he’s brilliant and adorable, that he has never met anyone like him, that he can’t understand why he chose John over everyone to be close to…but he can’t. Even if Sherlock does remember this once the potion wears off, he won’t say those words now, after so long of holding them in.
“John!” Sherlock gasped, his hand moving to grasp John’s wrist tightly, his hips bucking and his eyes rolling, “John! John, I think it’s happening!”
,” Holmes attempts to backtrack, but the looks of triumph and determination are already in Watson’s eyes.
Dr. Stapleton tries to access the information about H.O.U.N.D., but her clearance isn’t high enough, so Sherlock deduces Major Barrymore’s password to get it. They discover that Dr. Frankland was in the original project group that was attempting to use a gas to effect its victims with fear and stimulus, so they would be more easily suggestible. Sherlock calls him to arrange a meeting at the same time Dr. Mortimer calls John to tell him of Henry’s attempt to shoot her (on accident). Sherlock calls Greg and demands that he meet them in Dewer’s Hollow…with a gun.
Angelo waves a dismissive hand as though nothing has sounded more preposterous to him in his entire life, “Please, it’s a gift from all of us to you; we’ve been waiting such a long time for you two to figure it out.”
“No, that won't be necessary, will it, John?” Sherlock glared as his father stood up, moving to the large bureau in the corner.
Holmes grabs the case from the other man’s hand, to which Watson rolls his eyes without comment before reaching down to grab the next case. They read in silence for long minutes before speaking again.
Next Sherlock drives them to Baskerville, using his brother’s credentials to gain access to the facility. Once inside, John has to pull rank in the military facility to allow them further access which causes Sherlock to adopt an extremely pleased look.
“Just doesn’t seem to fit the transgression is all I’m trying to point out,” Sherlock muttered petulantly before returning both mouth and hand to their tasks.
Title is a snippet of the line "I hear the secrets that you keep when you're talking in your sleep" from "Talking in Your Sleep" by The Romantics.
“My first experience with proper stimuli, and you’re amazed that I possess a quick refractory period?” He asks in honest confusion, as though John might be an idiot.
“Yes. That,” Sherlock agreed, dropping his now throbbing, red-tipped and leaking cock against his stomach with a wet thunk, “So,
Sherlock reaches in to the pocket of his coat as he falls to one knee, his nervous eyes meeting John’s frightened ones. He pulls out a ring from the pocket, “John Watson, will you marry me?”
“We don’t have hypothermia,” Sherlock parrots back John’s own argument to him in reply as he moves under the cover to steal John’s body heat in naught but his silk boxers.
the best use of our combined body heat, to trap it in a small space,” he agrees logically, slowly crawling towards John’s make-shift burrito blanket.
“Yes, Sherlock. And I’ll even sweeten the deal by agreeing to whatever experiment you’re working out in your head if you just, please,
“Come on, let’s get you to the bed before your legs give out,” John ordered gently while assisting him.
“Shut up, idiot,” John laughs and gathers the detective in his arms, kissing him and shushing his protestations.
“What?” John smiled, completely unselfconscious in the face of his impromptu admission, “Like you never knew,” he challenged lightly.
John clears his throat in preparation for the question he knows he just has to ask, “Okay, completely normal, non-shocking virginity aside, you’ve never even done it to yourself? Alone?”
“J-John,” he stuttered again, falling heavily to the bed as the other man breathed warm air against the wet cloth covering his over-sensitive cock.
“I love you, John,” Sherlock said in a barely-there whisper, his eyes locking onto John as he spoke, a pretty blush covering his cheeks and nose.
life. If they doubt you, they doubt me. If they scorn you, they scorn me.” Of course there’s also the part where no one likes to see the one they love torn down, but he’s not about to say that aloud.
“Well, I must say that that one was slightly disappointing,” Holmes says, lifting the remote from the table once more and navigating them back to the main menu.
I imagined that I could love you; the way my heart ached for you could leave no room for doubt any longer. I imagined that I could open my heart to you, because you already accepted it for all its coldness and locks. I imagined that I could open my body to you in a way I have never wanted to even attempt with anyone else, because you were the first person to care enough to make sure I actually took care of my transport. I imagined that I could be happy with you, if only I could convince you to stay by my side.
“Scouts honour,” Sherlock promised, smiling broadly as he handed the tube of lube to John excitedly.
“Point out Ronald James,” John insisted, his Captain voice firmly in place, “I’d like to have a word.”
“Look, I’m sorry,” John composes himself, “it’s just that we’re meeting with the lawyer in an hour and were supposed to bring these back.”
they are not real, John hurries to wave his hand, “No, doesn’t matter right now. Not the point,” Sherlock closes his mouth with a disappointed look, “they may talk a big game and they’ll probably want to reminisce about our time together, but they’re nice enough lads.”
,” the detective hummed, taking John's hand and placing it over his impressive erection, “but now I'm not.”
That’s the end of it. Merely ten pages to spare in this small journal that carries so much weight within it.
Just as Sherlock proclaims that there never was a monster, they hear a howling. A dog appears, presenting as the hound to all of their drug-addled minds. There is another figure, breathing oddly, approaching through the mist at the same time. Sherlock approaches him and removes the gas mask to find Moriarty staring back at him before he morphs back in to the actual Dr. Frankland. Sherlock realizes that the drug is in the fog.
Holmes tuts in disappointment, “Watson,” he scolds for his lack of intelligence, “of course he could have if he had wanted to. Which leads me to think that the ceremony wasn’t the important thing.”
John stares at him again, reflecting on how much quicker his petulance set in than he had originally calculated, "I'm reading," he tells him, motioning with his Nook.
Lestrade laughs at how truly Holmesian of a speech it is until his likeness appears on the screen briefly. The oddity of the situation catches him off guard enough to sober him.
John’s unease and jealousy are practically palpable, and Watson isn’t doing much better while watching it. John attempts to play it cool and stay calm as he questions Sherlock about his girlfriend, but his eyes have always been obnoxiously easy to read, and this close up the act is impossible for either Holmes or Watson to miss. Sherlock keeps trying to talk to John about Magnussen and the case, but John is incapable of moving on from the girlfriend thing. Janine comes out, sits on Sherlock’s lap, and flirts with him before inviting John over for dinner and kissing him before leaving for work. The look on John’s face, when Sherlock can’t see him, says everything.
Sherlock and Mycroft are outside the house smoking. They discuss why Sherlock hates Magnussen (praying on the weird and different), an offer with MI6 (that would prove to be fatal within about six months) that Mycroft wants him to turn down, and then an uncharacteristic declaration of brotherly affection.
Sherlock looks surprised that John is bored. Romance is his area, after all; shouldn’t a wedding be the epitome of entertainment for someone like that? But then, he reminds himself, the last wedding either of them were at was John’s wedding to Mary. Still a bit of a sore subject to this day, nearly two years since everything shook out.
I can understand – I truly can – why you couldn’t bring yourself to forgive my lengthy absence to the full degree that I had hoped you would. I spent so many nights imagining returning home to you, to find you reading in your chair in 221B. You’d get up and punch me in the face, yell about what a selfish arse I had been, and then, just as you tired yourself out, you’d grab my face and kiss me hard.
And then Holmes did something completely unexpected in that moment: he chuckled. Slightly offended, I pulled away so I could look at his face.
Most of their stay overs for cases have been in separate rooms, their last shared room being for the Baskerville case, and Sherlock
He debates simply moving on, leaving Sherlock’s cock untouched, but it is long and thin and beautiful and one teasing kiss couldn’t hurt, could it? He breathes warmly over the shaft, noticing the roll of the lanky man’s hips as he strives to gain any sort of contact there. He places a kiss to the frenulum reverently, but moves on much too quickly for Sherlock’s liking.
“I can help with that,” Sherlock whispered seductively, nose bumping intimately against John’s as his thigh returned the pressure of John’s hip suggestively.
“Would it alarm you to know that, in my mind, that comma has been there ever since my return after faking my own death?”
“Well,” John started with a smirk after breaking the kiss, “I can’t teach you about self-fellatio, but I
Sherlock freezes, barely breathing, as he watches John’s right hand reach out towards him. It comes to rest with the front of his fingers pressed against Sherlock’s left forearm, in the unclaimed territory between them. Sherlock searches John’s face, but he’s still clearly asleep and unaware of the motion that his body has made towards his own. It doesn’t mean anything.
“No, we figured out that murder Anderson mentioned to you. I really was just curious about these DVDs,” he says, then pauses in the doorway, “be careful with these; you have no idea how it may change things,” he says cryptically before walking down the stairs and leaving the building.
Molly appears in the room, asking him questions about which way to fall. Is the bullet still in him? How would he know? Anderson asks him what type of gun it was. Mycroft appears and belittles his lesser mind wasting time: the mirror would have shattered if it had left his body, and it didn’t. He falls backwards.
“What on earth have you been doing?” John asked, looking up from the newspaper he had been engrossed in.
“Yeah, way more ridiculous than you crashing my date with Mary at the cinema,” Watson chuckles sarcastically with an eye roll.
begins to play. Flash over to the Bank of England and then Pentonville Prison – all three locations being shown at the same 11:00am. Back to Moriarty with the jewels; he clicks an app on his phone, seemingly setting off their alarm system and taking out a guard, leaving him alone in the room.
The group begins talking more about their jobs and struggles of civilian life, none of which Sherlock takes much of an interest in. Instead, he steels himself and slyly replaces his hand on John’s thigh, as he had earlier in the night when he needed comfort. His heart literally skips a beat (he feels it) when the fingers of John’s left hand naturally slot into the spaces between his own fingers, John’s thumb running lightly over the knuckle at the base of his pinky.
After a few minutes of silence, Sherlock grabs the remote and selects the next episode with a heavy sigh.
As they watch the scene play out, both wonder silently if John really is in love with Sherlock, but neither can voice it aloud.
“I thought I was losing my mind, so I was reverting back to my comfort zone of being alone. I was afraid that you would judge me if you knew I had seen it, that’s why it took me a while to confess it.”
Molly arrives at the flat per Sherlock’s request to help him out with cases as John continues to see more patients. Both appear a bit bored by their routines. In fact, John is longing for something interesting so intensely that he actually accuses a patient of being Sherlock in disguise, trying to pull his beard off, but it’s real.
Sherlock’s right hand goes to the back of John’s neck to pull him down until their foreheads are pressed together as they share the same air, his left grasping firmly around John’s bicep. They continue this way, thrusting sensuously against each other with no real sense of urgency, until John determines that they’ll need a bit more stimulation to climax. He drops his right hand between them, so that his left can still support his weight, and grabs Sherlock’s cock through the silky fabric.
He appeared to be thinking back to his letters, attempting - as always - to use his incredible mind to solve the issue himself without aid. His face settled into one of understanding and he repeated, “My Dearest,” and took a breath before finishing, “Watson,” confirming in two breaths what I had not dared to hope for.
Sherlock moans loudly, having always been appreciative of light dirty talk. Too much is…well…too much, but small statements like that encourage Sherlock that he’s making John feel good, which is all he strives for.
As if on cue, an ambulance crew enters 221B just as Sherlock begins to go in to cardiac distress from his internal bleeding. Sherlock insists to John that they can trust Mary. As he falls, John’s entire focus is on his best friend, possibly dying before him for a third time. Then he glares at Mary.
Mycroft tells John that Irene is really, truly dead. John heads up to the flat, file in hand, to deliver the (fake) news that she is in the Witness Protection Program in America.
As they dance in a slow circle, John pulls Sherlock flush to him so their chests are pressed together with John’s chin resting on Sherlock’s right shoulder. Sherlock inhales sharply as John whispers in his ear, “Now people will definitely talk,” he quotes a conversation from a million years ago.
But how am I supposed to say no to you? I never actually have before, and as selfish as I know it is, I can’t say no to my only opportunity to hold you close and pretend that you might love me, too.
Watson studies his friend’s concerned face. He really can be rather sweet in his regards when he wants to be. He debates lying to Holmes, but knows it would never work, “I was thinking about what it would have been like to have Mary around for longer after you…left.”
“I’ll be waiting in my room when you’re finished changing,” he says without looking up from the laptop he’s currently using.
Sherlock looked utterly dejected and nodded slowly before standing up, “I’m sorry to have bothered you. I’ll leave you alone,” he mumbled with a lowered gaze, moving quickly from the bathroom. John sighed, scrubbing through his hair and fighting the ball of guilt in the pit of his stomach until he heard the slam of the front door.
And damn if John wasn’t curious about how he planned to do that, “...how?” he asked timidly, honestly scared of the answer.
John smiled warmly, placing a gentle kiss to the lobe of Sherlock’s ear without thinking. Sherlock’s eyes opened and his head turned, catching John’s gaze and holding it with a shocked expression as though that small kiss was the catalyst for his undoing.
Sherlock comes home and practically ignores John, just as Holmes had. Watson had left his wife at home that night to stay with him – per Mycroft’s request – but he really just spent most of the night reading before retiring to his old bedroom.
Larry groans pathetically from his fetal position on the ground and Sherlock rushes forward to kick the knife out of his reach.
“That hardly seems necessary,” Sherlock tried to insist, but John kissing him to shut him up before he could finish was quite effective. It’s when all of the talking ceased again.
“A perfect match, we are,” John agreed with a soft kiss to the top of his lover’s head, “but we need to wash up before you fall asleep.”
Holmes, on the other hand, grits his teeth in frustration at Sherlock’s transparency. He’s worked extremely hard to conceal his deep feelings for Watson over the years, and this alternate version of him may just be the one to finally give him away.
“Holmes,” he begins in a quiet, saddened tone, but the younger man cuts him off before he can continue further.
“No. He kicked me out,” Sherlock sulked, looking and rubbing at the rather impressive bulge in his pants, “He was reluctant to help.”
There are lots of manly, hard hugs all around before John turns their attention to Sherlock, who is still sitting at the table.
“Goodnight,” Sherlock agrees, placing his phone on the nightstand, turning off the lamp, and settling on his right side facing John.
I watched as he stepped yet closer to me, unsure but trying to appear brave, and my heart raced as my eyes landed on his lips in want instead. I looked back to his eyes when he began to speak again. They looked a bit more certain now.
Smiling shakily, Sherlock looked up at his friend with a soft blush on his cheeks, “Really? You would do that?”
Holmes’ mouth turns down resolutely as he shakes his head, “No. As we’ve previously compared, your wife didn’t keep us apart as this Mary seems to have. We still saw each other fairly regularly and that was enough for me,” he lies. It wasn’t ever truly enough. He always missed Watson terribly between cases, but when he would feel the itch for drugs, he’d simply go find his friend again instead.
Watson shifts uncomfortably on the couch once more, an eerie feeling of being watched creeping over him, “Holmes, what the hell is this?”
“John. This isn’t what I want…” Mycroft seemed to grimace, “In fact, I’d be happy to never discuss Sherlock’s...
“For god’s sake...” John moaned, letting his head fall backwards with a thump, “Right. Keep looking forward and don’t even
John feels the anger within his chest that he sees reflected on his own face, but at the same time he also feels vindicated. Part of him has wondered if he was being irrational choosing to take Mary down along with Moriarty instead of standing by her…to have essentially chosen Sherlock over his wife. He’s glad to know his choice was right.
Sherlock is looking at him hungrily again as he crawls his way closer, “You still need release,” he states huskily, and the words should
“Are you sure it was Lestat?” John asked, feeling a flutter in his stomach. Sherlock was going to overreact if he was correct in his assumption.
The others make affirmative noises and Zach stands, “I’ll help you carry. Besides: I still owe you yours from the coin check.”
“No,” John chuckles as he shakes his head, “I think half a bottle is quite enough for tonight, especially in this cold. Just words and actions.”
John snorts quietly and shakes his head, throwing the rest of the champagne back before placing the empty glass on a nearby table. He turns to a confused Sherlock, takes his mostly-empty glass from his hand, and places it next to his own before turning and silently offering the taller man his left hand.
No more words are needed and they eventually fall in to a peaceful slumber, Sherlock’s head and left hand resting near John’s beating heart.
John moaned deeply, his hips thrusting forward of their own accord as desire rushed through his body and straight to his cock.
“Of course I did,” Watson replies equally as quiet, as though the answer was obvious, neither of them looking at each other.
“How?” John asked while raising an eyebrow as he moved to help Sherlock up off the floor, noticing that Sherlock seemed to be wincing in pain.
John smiles widely at him before moving on to the right side of the church, “St. Illuminatus - the founder of the Illuminati conspiracy. Interesting that he holds such a place of high honor.”
In the car, Sherlock and John discuss Dr. Stapleton’s secret genetic experiments on animals, including the rabbit.
Watching John’s rhythmic breathing was enough to lull him in to sleep last night, but he’s just not tired enough for it tonight. He huffs a breath in aggravation knowing that he is bound to lie there listlessly all night.
With a narrowing of the eyes, Sherlock reached for John with both hands and grabbed him by the upper arms to pull him to the bed, forcing him onto his back. Once he had John in position, he placed himself over the older man almost territorially, claiming him, “
“Sherlock has some fucking nerve sending you in here like this,” John growls, moving towards his chair and dragging it so he can sit in front of her.
“Why is that so incredibly difficult for your pea-sized brain to comprehend? You’re supposed to be a doctor!”
Sherlock kissed him again before moving to tease down John’s torso with a confidence he had no right to possess, “I’ve never fellated anyone before,” he admitted while nuzzling John’s belly.
“John!” He yells, closing the short distance to him, eyes never leaving the growing blood stain on the denim, “Are you alright?”
Holmes sighs before reaching forward and pausing the “episode” on a side-shot of Anderson and a group of others.
The Inspector looked nervously between the pair of us, just briefly, before swallowing hard and continuing, “They were found near a Turkish Bath. There was a green carnation in each man’s lapel.”
Sherlock’s cheeks suddenly bloom with a blotch of colour before he gives a half shrug, “When am I to have ever attempted it? I’ve never actually
John opens it and pulls out another coin, this one in a protective case, and places it reverently on the table in front of Sherlock instead of roughly like the other.
Truth is, Holmes is feeling as though Sherlock is rather showing their matching hand regarding their feelings towards John Watson, and he’s not certain he wants
John stands before offering his hands to Sherlock and aiding him up to his feet. Sherlock knows he’s simply meant to turn around and kneel on the couch so that John can have access to the marks on his shoulders and back, but he can’t help but to pull John flush against him and kiss him hungrily first. Sherlock presses his cock against the other man, but hisses slightly at the discomfort of coming in to contact with the other man’s trousers. He removes them efficiently, but before Sherlock can do more than appreciate his nudity, John gives him a wicked smirk before turning him to face the couch and purposefully pressing him forward.
And then it hits Holmes why Sherlock wouldn’t be able to stay serious, and it makes his stomach drop while his heart aches in sympathy. Of course, Sherlock Holmes has never been very good when it comes to emotions of his own and now, not only has he been in near complete isolation for two years with no friendly human contact, but he’s returned to find that his only true friend has moved on with a woman that he plans to marry. He keeps putting himself out there for John to show that he is truly sorry, but he’s terrified of letting it go too far. He’s in love with John but doesn’t dare to let him see it. So he deflects with humor when their conversations become too deep, too close to the truth.
“Fuck!” Sherlock moans as his back arches off the floor, inadvertently separating their foreheads as he brings the rest of their bodies closer together.
I am uncertain how long I simply stood stock still due to shock, but by the time I could force my body to move once more, I had convinced myself that it was a simple grammatical error. It meant nothing.
Holmes and Watson watch as Sherlock talks to Molly about having a suspicion he might die. She offers to help him. Meanwhile, John is back in Mycroft’s office, accusing him of leaking private details of Sherlock to Moriarty. Mycroft admits that it was the only way to get the information out of Moriarty that he had been seeking and John is affronted. He storms out, ignoring Mycroft’s attempts for John to tell Sherlock that he’s sorry.
They discuss Bach’s supposed deathbed dealings before moving on to the real topic of discussion. Moriarty confesses that he intimidated the jury in to allowing him to go free by threatening the people they love. Sherlock asks how Moriarty plans to burn him, as promised, and the criminal taunts that he already told him how, he just wasn’t listening. They discuss the fact that Moriarty has a computer code that will allow him access to everything he ever desires. Their discussion ends with Moriarty promising Sherlock a fall that he owes him.
Sherlock and Mycroft are talking in the elder’s office as Sherlock’s outrageous beard is shaved off.
“Watson,” he admonishes in a slightly embarrassed tone, causing the other man to slowly right himself.
As Holmes began his own investigation, Inspector Jones approached Inspector Lestrade and myself to fill us in on what he had discovered.
Holmes practically hisses as he sees Magnussen; the man still gives him the creeps and he detests the way he prayed on people.
“John…I can’t,” Sherlock sighed, “I can’t go back there, not after the -- torment. I don’t want to see those same people who made my life hell.”
My companion sighed heavily before explaining, “They had just come from the Turkish Bath, that is true, but they did not meet each other within its walls. This pair knew each other prior to their visit; in fact, they went in together.”
