As Dean opens the door, he’s hit with an awful, rotten stink, and also by a big dog running to the door, barking. A bull mastiff, it looks like, and very sweet, in a rather slobbery way. Dean kicks the door shut behind him and pats the giant dog, as he glances around.
Silence. At least Cas has the decency to look slightly confused this time.
Abby looked mildly impressed. “Ohhhh. OK, yeah. That does kinda complicate things. Who’s on the team again, besides you, Cas, Sam, and Jess?”
A minute later, he hears Dean’s soft snores, and he’s pretty sure Dean’s the only one who will be getting any sleep at all tonight.
“That’s not true, Dean. We had a conversation yesterday, about Sam and Eileen.”
“We all signed up thinking we’d have a totally local team, but then someone fell through at the last minute. Honestly though, I’m kinda glad we ended up with someone who’s played before. We’re all first-timers, so we expected to figure it out together, but I’ve been looking at lists from old hunts, and it’s kinda daunting. I think you’re gonna be really valuable.”
Shaking his head to clear his thoughts, Dean turned to his dresser to dig out clothes. He pulled on his most comfortable jeans and a Who t-shirt, rubbed a bit of pomade into his hair, and wandered out of his bedroom, scanning the floor for his missing left Converse. May in South Carolina was just too warm for boots, and Dean had to admit, the sneakers were a lot more comfortable, especially if he was walking.
Good god, had that really never occurred to Cas? They guy’s eyes are huge and his mouth has fallen open. Dean shakes his head fondly and steps close to him, wrapping one arm around his shoulders and kissing his temple. “Cas, buddy, you gotta be smarter about this stuff, OK? You have to be
It was adorable, and also Tobias’s pride and joy, since he collected very well-dressed teddy bears, and finally got to give them their moment in the spotlight.
“OK. Good talk.” Dean stands up and leaves the room. At the library door – against his better judgement – he glances back over his shoulder. Cas is already back to his book.
********
Hey, I gotta make sure there’s good food at this shindig! I don’t wanna eat dry
Cas is tracking down something that Team Free Will needs for a case, and Hunter the puppy misbehaves while Cas is away. Dean gets mad and texts Cas to complain about His Dog.
The boys are driving up to Sioux Falls for Sunday dinner with Jody and Donna and the girls. Dean checks in with their ETA, and a warning - no gushing.
“Next time? You promise?”
Cas looks legitimately baffled. “I’m . . . reading.”
“Yeah, but it’s not the same. It felt different, cooking in his kitchen, having dinner with his kids. It felt like I had a place there. Like I belonged. I can’t explain it.”
Dean has been Cas’s best friend since college. Dean had been wrapping up an Engineering degree, and Cas was finishing his undergraduate in History. They met in an LGBT History class senior year, and they just clicked right away. Dean had a girlfriend at the time, and Cas had just split up with Balthazar, so there was nothing romantic between them, but they became great friends, and had been there for each other through all kinds of ups and downs in the intervening years. First came Dean and Lisa’s messy breakup, Cas’s father passing away, and Dean’s mom marrying Bobby. Then Gabriel’s twins being born, and shortly after that, his wife’s suicide. More recently, Dean had gotten his dream job with UTC, only to be laid off two years later, just before Cas’s absolute douche of a boss tried to fire him for being gay. (In the legal battle that followed, that boss was fired, and Cas is not only still employed by the Yale University Library, but is a minor hero amongst its queer staff and patrons.)
Donna taps her pen on the rim of her coffee cup. “Do you think Cas knows he was . . . ya know . . .
Dear Diary,
, as he sips his coffee. He cracks five eggs into a bowl and thinks,
Some of the projects should have been nearly impossible, but since they had very unusual friends, the team was able to knock out a couple of the more obscure location-based items. These included
But, I swear there’s
Then it was Dean’s turn. He hadn’t sung karaoke in a long time, but he still sang a lot in the shower, in the car, and in the garage, so his voice wasn’t rusty. He’d had just enough whiskey to really get into his rendition of “Wanted Dead or Alive” by Bon Jovi, and he definitely played it up. (OK, so maybe he wanted to show up Adam Lambert a little, so sue him.) Dean had a good voice, and he knew it, though he usually clowned around when he sang near other people. As a result, most of their little group was amazed to learn that Dean could actually sing! He had a low, rough, sexy voice, with steady pitch, and good timing. Sam, Castiel and Jack already knew, of course, but the girls were pretty damn impressed. “Jeez Louise, Dean! You never told us you could sing!” Donna squealed, as Dean ambled back to his seat. “Aww, sheriff . . . I can do all kinds of things you don’t know about” he flirted back. Donna blushed and smacked Dean’s arm. “Oh you! Save it for your handsome boyfriend over there.”
“Ohh sweetheart,” Dean replies, chuckling softly. “I’d like to see you try.” He squeezes Cas once and kisses him on the temple again. “Now, come on. You pick up all this dog crap and get all the trash together. I’ll see if I can get the blood out of any of the towels or clothes. You got any peroxide?” Cas nods again. “Good.”
“No Cas, *I* talked about Sam and Eileen. YOU nodded and said a total of three words. That is not a conversation.”
For fuck sake, why is Dean such an ass about the Impala?! He STILL won’t let me put a digital stereo in. We damn near LIVE in that car! I’m SOOOO sick of listening to the same 14 classic rock albums, over and over and over again. I don’t even
Jack is almost glowing with pride . . . he got to help in the kitchen! Claire is ecstatic . . . she hates leftovers, and Dean not only made something better than sandwiches, he’s made Claire’s new favorite food, apparently: chicken pot pies. Cas is stunned, and so relieved that his eyes well up with tears.
Now, Dean’s first impulse with any issue is to solve the problem. He’s a fixer. It’s what makes him such a good Engineer. So without really intending to, Dean ends up offering to pick Jack up from daycare. Turns out, daycare is close to Dean’s office, and halfway between Dean and Castiel’s homes, so it’s kind of perfect. Cas is bowled over, but exceedingly grateful for the offer. He makes Dean a key, makes arrangements with the daycare staff, and on Tuesdays and Thursdays, Dean brings Jack home, makes him a snack, and hangs out until Cas and Claire get there.
Dean couldn’t help but grin at Charlie’s never-ending enthusiasm. He knew actual fairies who were less bubbly. “What are we doing, kiddo?”
Dean hummed, gently swirling his cup. “Cas, did Zoe bring you anything?”
Dean comes running down the stairs, buttoning his shirt. “I’m comin, Claire-bear. Hold your horses.” At the bottom of the stairs, he eyes her critically. “D’you brush your teeth?”
Ruby used her Bo Peep costume from two Halloweens ago, and recruited Cas (Jack Horner, with a plum), Jenna (Queen of Hearts, also an old Halloween costume), and Zomo (Peter Peter, with a pumpkin), along with her son Dylan, as Little Boy Blue, asleep, and holding a horn.
“Excuse me? You pick up a hot date at the grocery store, Sammy?”
True to form, Charlie’s demeanor switched right back to eager, joyful, mischief. “Ruby Perrino, Zoe Lovelock, Garth, Zomo, and Khalid are already in. I haven’t asked Jenna & Sydney yet, but I’m pretty sure they’re up for it. I’m gonna ask Kristina Conrad when she comes in for her appointment today, too. I was banking on you, Cas, Sam, and Jess, but you kinda blew that out of the water, party-pooper.”
Dear Diary –
OK, the drive along a too-narrow gravel road, through the forest, in the dark, is a little creepy. Dean is 6’ 2”, 200 lbs, and he certainly knows how to fight, but he also watches a lot of horror movies. But then the road ends at an old cabin in a clearing, and it turns out that this is the house Cas grew up in. It’s empty, but it feels more sad than creepy. Eventually Cas tells him his mom died here, and that’s why he can’t bear to live here, even though it’s technically his house, now. He breaks down crying in Dean’s arms, and Dean is touched by his vulnerability. Dean’s mom died when he was young, too, so he can relate. They sit in the stairway and talk for a while, and then go back to Dean’s place. They end up sleeping together, Cas spends the night, and it’s kinda perfect.
“Dude, you zoned out on me. Are you OK?”
Castiel’s email is endearingly awkward. “Hello Dean. I don’t know if you remember me, but . . .” Hell yes, Dean remembers him. He spent quite a few evenings thinking about Cas, back in college. Never had the nerve to ask him out, though. Not that Dean was exactly in the closet, even back then, but he found it much easier to hit on girls. He’d always been a Casanova with the ladies, but put him in front of a hot guy, and he’ll get tongue tied nine times out of ten. It was a miracle he ever got any dick at all, really.
“OK,” he says lightly. “I love you.”
Cas seems more distracted than usual through the rest of lunch, but that’s not entirely out of character, so Dean doesn’t take it personally. He hopes it’s a good sign, that maybe he’s helped Cas crack the wall he’s run into with this Michael character.
Everyone's been tested, monitored, screened, and scheduled. Today is Castiel's appointment at the fertility clinic, to donate sperm for Dorothy and Charlie, but he's experiencing . . . complications. As usual, Dean Winchester is there to swoop in and save the day! (Not all heroes wear capes.)
a couple? What the hell, Dean? Cas? You guys weren’t ever even gonna tell me??” he sputters.
“That sausage one sounds pretty good.”
Cas tilts his head at him, and the look on his face reminds Dean of his mom. “You still don’t like vegetables, huh? I thought you’d grow out of that.”
Castiel threw her a fond look, pulling on his gloves. “I don’t mind at all, Charlie. Zoe’s a wonderful young woman, with or without coffee.”
A lack of monster activity is good for the world, but it means a lot of down-time for the Winchesters. Cas is taking the opportunity to spend quality time with his man . . . whether Dean likes it or not. (He does not.)
This time it was a tiny blonde woman in her 50s, singing “Can’t Help Falling in Love” by Elvis. It was beautifully done, in a warm alto, full of vibrato, and Dean wrapped his arms around Cas’s shoulders, swaying side to side with him. Cas leaned his head back onto Dean’s shoulder in reply. “I had no idea you liked Elvis Presley.” Dean just shrugged, squeezing Cas tighter. “Why not? I can dig Elvis.” Neither of them noticed Jody and Alex staring, misty-eyed, at the pair, nor did they hear Alex’s hastily swallowed squeak at Dean’s reply.
Dean briefly closed his eyes, squeezing the bridge of his nose and shaking his head. When he felt the couch cushions shift, he looked over at Cas, who looked serene.
for Kristina
Zomo did
He didn’t disappear, of course. He and Cas were still direct and straightforward with one another, and they discussed the details of Dean moving out well ahead of time. He still came over two or three nights a week, still took Claire to see her grief counselor now and then, still went to her soccer games and her choir concerts. But he usually slept at his own house and he spent a little more time with Sam and his family. He even started dating again, though it never seemed to work out with anyone, for more than a month or two.
“All of em?” Eye roll, nod, big smile. Dean reaches out to tug on one of her braids.
[photo]
“Have you asked Jessandriel and Sam yet? I think Jess would love it.” Cas asked, putting away his cell phone.
Less surprising was the goblin’s scratchy voice, mumbling, “Besides Dean?”
Charlie texts Sam to catch up.
He volunteered for any dog-related roles anyone else needed, as well, helping Sydney with her
One night, a young patient on Dr. Sexy mentioned his parents (both Dads), and it prompted Dean to ask something that had been on his mind lately.
Madison hums thoughtfully. Cas hopes she’s not planning to stick her nose into anything. She’s quite a romantic for an Accountant, and now that she and Michaela are about to get married, she’s been trying to set other couples up.
Castiel’s scowl cracks at that, and he can’t help but laugh. “So I’ve heard. And believe it or not, I know my Father is fallible. Quite eminently so. It’s just that my grace is the only gift I have left from Him, and I’ve never really had a personal relationship with Him, so I have no real idea what He would disapprove of. I guess I’m just trying to show Him what respect I can, in my own weird way, despite my failings as an angel.”
“Seriously, man? You STILL got nothing to say?” He means to shout this, but it comes out low, tense, shaky.
“Well,
Charlie: I’m not crying, YOU’RE crying!
“Just in a good mood. It’s a beautiful day!” Cas chirps.
Dean smirks and throws a wink at Donna. “Nobody likes to drink alone, Donna. I’m a friendly guy.” Insulated by his hangover, Dean doesn’t seem to notice the cold, dead silence that falls over the table.
Since Ryan was, in fact, a (were)wolf, he looked pretty damn convincing. He kept the shirt that Sydney made him, as a souvenir, and had the whole team sign it.
With Dr. Agondray’s blessing, she staged the TV room at the Medical Center’s rehab floor with Solo cups, feather boas, empty liquor bottles, cards, poker chips, and bras, couch cushions akimbo, a med cart on it’s side, and strategically placed senior volunteers Esther, Abner Sorend, Kisho Sato, and Quito Alvarez playing hungover or passed out partygoers.
Cas stops tattooing again and sits back in his chair. “I suppose that makes sense. After all, many angels use their grace for convenience all the time, without repercussions.” He looks thoughtful before continuing, “I don’t think Abner has
Cas nods, with a victorious smile on his face. “That’s settled, then.”
“Yup, number three next week. You ready for yours? This is Cas’s fourth piece on you, right?”
In the background, has been a haphazard series of boyfriends, girlfriends, and hookups, but no real promising, long-term relationships for either of them. So, in the last couple of years, they’ve decided to add “benefits” to their friendship. Dean officially gave up on dating a few years back, and Cas wasn’t seeing anyone at the time, so their arrangement had worked out just fine. Even better, (or worse, depending on your perspective) because Cas has been rather madly in love with Dean for several years. Sadly, Dean has never shown any real romantic interest, and with his announcement that he was “quitting the dating game for good”, Cas knew he’d never have the chance to be anything more with Dean. So, when his friend laid out his proposition for a fuck-buddy arrangement, Cas figured he may as well take what he could get, even if it was less than what he truly wished for.
birthday party, he kissed Dean. That turned into a rather R-rated make-out session, which turned into a very serious, half-naked conversation, which turned into some very naked, very joyful sex.
purple.
Abby and Cas blinked at Charlie, waiting for her explanation to make sense. After a few seconds, she continued in an exaggeratedly patient tone. “The teams have to have at least 15 people. If you don’t have 15 when registration closes, they merge you with another team, or throw random individual players on your team, to fill it up. That means we’re going to have a NORMAL, non-Cornucopia HUMAN on our team! How are we supposed to interact with them for a whole week without them noticing there’s something a little ‘off’ over here?”
What’s he look like? Is he cute?
Sam walks back into the room, setting pie and ice cream down on the table. “Hey, weird question, but did you have a boyfriend in college?”
Ugh, here we go . . . can someone else please tell them that blue AND green
. Sometimes it’s rough and hurried, a quick fuck against the wall. Sometimes it’s silly, when they’re both a little drunk, or just in a goofy mood. And once in a while, it’s like this . . . intense, slow and sweet, with lots of eye contact, and hardly a word spoken out loud. With anyone else, Cas would call this ‘making love’, but you can’t make love when only one of you is IN love, so . . . Regardless, it’s amazing, and Cas has rarely felt so wanted, so cherished. He does everything he can to put his feelings into actions. He wants Dean to feel adored.
“I’m sorry.”
[40 minutes later]
This time, Donna wears the unimpressed look. “Jodes. You think they have an
happen, theoretically . . . Dean’s always tried to hide it from me, but I know he’s into guys. And Cas is “utterly indifferent to sexual orientation”. So there’s nothing standing in their way, from that perspective.
“Didn’t you read the Commandments? They START with 200 items, but they add more every day or two, and some of the original items change, or get deleted altogether. If they’re gonna delete one, though, they usually do it early on.”
Ooh! Me! Me!
They’d been together for more than six years by now. Claire was 14 going on 40, and they were all adjusting to the wonderful world of high school. Claire was far too cool to be seen in Cas’s Subaru, and insisted he drop her off half a block from school (though Dean was allowed to pull up front and center, in the Impala). It seemed like only yesterday that she would cuddle up on the couch with Dean to watch cartoons, but he considered it a win that she’d recently adopted his addiction to Dr. Sexy, MD. These days, marathoning the cheesy drama, Dean on one end of the couch, Claire sprawled across the other, was their version of bonding time.
Dean takes another bite, still watching him so Sam sighs. “Dean,” he dares, “with Cas. I mean… is there…”
Dean blessed the a/c in the supermarket out loud. As soon as she saw them the lady at the register warned them that the place was about to close. Cas held their basket while they quickly made their way through the aisles. They picked up a six packs and a frozen pizza and something for their breakfast. They were out in a matter of minutes.
Castiel huffs a laugh, grabs his car keys and goes to stand next to him. He quickly flips a switch, puts in place a paper cup and fiddles with the commands on the touch screen; the machine starts whirring. Dean realizes that they’re on the same side of the room for the first time in the whole night, if they don’t count the rescue mission for Sam. They are both looking at the coffee that is now filling the cup but Dean can’t help sneaking a glance at his profile, his straight nose and pink lips. He smells of some kind of sweet herbal tea and fresh snow, and Dean is inexplicably drawn to it.
He brings the car to a stop and Sam is the first to get out and go towards the trunk to take out the duffels with their clothes and weapons.
“I know.” he said. He wanted to add "But it's good to hear, I needed that" and he wanted to add "It's just difficult sometimes to unlearn what you thought was right". He didn't say it.
and, proudly,
He doesn’t even wait for a reply, and Cas is too taken aback to give one anyway, and he adds hastly, a little embarrased: “Now, get over here and help me wring out these towels so I can go to bed before dawn, will you.”
Steve doesn’t press further but says, “He is your little brother, right?” Dean frowns a little and Steve adds, gentle: “You seemed very caring.”
Sam laughed again and shook his head. “Yeah, we are not going to the jungle.”
“It’s you!” Dean laughs again “I bet you didn’t know you had a twin, uh?”
“I need a double for tonight. If you could make it fast,” he says, hastily. He ignores the way the guy just keeps standing there, watching him – he can be weird, but honestly, he’s seen worse – and fishes out his wallet to grab a credit card. He slams it on the counter.
Then it was done. Then there was this huge thing that they had just done and none of them was acknowledging it and Cas was still watching the movie and Dean was still too busy feeling everything at once to process and do anything.
“Yeah.”
Castiel finally blinks and seems to deflate a little, looking relieved as he says “Oh,” and “of course. Right.” he even gives him a small smile. “You are in the right place,” he says awkwardly.
He gets interrupted by Dean’s phone lighting up with an incoming call. His brother drops his burger and picks it up without a care for his greasy hands.
Cas hesitated, “I better tag along if that’s alright with you. I’m trying to cut back from using my powers if it’s not necessary.”
“I charged the room to your uncle,” Steve speaks again. "One of your many uncles apparently.”
“Hey” he says as they walk towards the door, “did you look up then, what I said about freckles?”
So he takes a breath and starts, “Is - Cas, is he -?”, but Bobby cuts him off with a look.
Finally, the guy moves.
“I need to see some identification,” he says, placing aside his mug and exchanging it in his hand with Dean’s card. He studies it meticulously, looking at each side and everything.
Today is peaceful, but Dean feels a little more alive, like on those blue early mornings on the road that make you regret stepping out of your car without a jacket and the smell of gasoline filling your nostrils seems stronger than it’s ever been.
She smiles and follows it right to the kitchen.
When they are missing something from the bunker he stops at the mini mart. Fortunately, the young man he was rude to that one time doesn’t work there anymore. Stacy always greets him with a friendly
Dean stops himself from rolling his eyes. “Forget it, another time, looks like you’re late already.”
Sam frowns and signs: “I’m not betting on my brother.”
Cas seemed to think about it.
He almost sighs of relief when he eyes Eileen on the other side of the room and steers Cas towards her.
“So, how did you end up here, then?”
“Hey, you’re back. How did it go with Claire?”
“Oh, come on, we are friends now.”
“And thank you for the coffee. You didn’t have to,” adds Castiel quickly, as if only now remembering his manners.
Right, no Billie anymore. Just an old regular Death that doesn’t care about him.
Dean increasingly worried about the way Sam seems to slip more and more into unconsciousness. He tried to keep him talking, slapping his chest and asking him questions but for the last ten minutes or so, Sam had his head lolling on one side and his replies had become only barely coherent mumbles.
Dean just shakes his head as if enchanted, and he kind of feels like he is, especially when Castiel smiles at him. It’s a pressing of lips but it reaches his eyes.
“Yeah, okay,” it’s all Dean manages to say, already halfway turned to walk away.
“Are you sure you know?”
slips into the passenger seat.
Suddenly it’s spring.
right next to
The door is ajar and fresh air comes in; Cas gets engrossed in watching the pattern the raindrops formed on the glass and Dean gets engrossed in watching Cas. He seems lost in thought and Dean would like to say something but doesn’t want to be annoying. Not today, not when tomorrow he could be gone.
because Dean’s eyebrows rise comically. “What? You don’t think I can take you?” he says. “Yeah tough guy, anytime. Wanna bet?”
He asked what for and that had exasperated Sam.
“Come watch some tv,” said Cas from his bed and Dean joined him because it was just Cas and it was alright. Cas handed him the remote and he chose an old western that knocked them both in less than an hour. Sam found them asleep while passing by to go to the bathroom, turned off the device and went back to bed.
This time, it looks like a simple enough job that could take two days top. Sam is checking their supplies once again and Castiel is sitting at the map table flipping through a magazine when Dean finally appears in the room.
“What? Tonight? Are you out of your mind?”
Steve looks at him sternly. “Did you have one on you when came in the first time?”
“He sure knows you’re here. You just gotta call him.”
So, you know, Eileen is a very good observer. It’s a crucial skill for a hunter, especially someone who hunts alone and has no extra pair of eyes to rely on.
The tv was playing another 80s movie that was halfway through but Cas passed him the remote anyway without thinking twice. He seemed happy to have company.
She just shrugs amused and Sam looks betrayed so Dean keeps going: “It’s not my fault we’ve been out all week and I didtn’t have time to do my laundry. This is the only clean thing I have left.”
. He likes the way she lights up at that and how - later, when he tells him - Dean snorts and brags about his charm.
“Sounds like a good plan. I’ll give to you later.”
“The angel Castiel,” she calls him and he nods, “a long way from Heaven.”
So Dean, with that spot on his lower back still tingling, follows him out of the room and into another where there’s only a few scattered hunters and Jack, happily squeezed on a couch with his new friends, his mouth hanging open as he hears a story from this guy named Ronnie that Dean knows for a fact only talks shit. The kid seems to be having fun though, he waves at them as move along.
But his legs are feeling stiff and Sam’s snoring is not very entertaining, so he takes out some change from his jeans and heads out.
After thirty excruciating seconds Cas reappeared in the middle of the room. His right leg gave out and he lost his balance for a second but then he stood upright. He smiled at them, as if to say “Told you” but remained mostly silent for the rest of the night and had a second helping of pre-cooked mashed potatoes.
“It looks like there’s something more between them,” she insists in the face of his blunt denial. “Wanna bet?” she signs raising her eyebrows.
Dean shakes his head and leans against one of the kitchen counters. Cas does the same against the opposite island. At the end of the narrow passage between the furniture there’s a glass door that gives into the patio and a small garden beyond it.
Dean opens up the police scanner on Sam’s laptop and checks his texts. Most days there’s one from Jody who just wants to check in, like she’s patroling outside of their bunker. Today there’s one from Claire, replying to a text he sent her the night before.
“So?”
They hadn’t seen them coming.
The first few times, when he approaches her, she avoids his gaze, in a way that suggests that they both know the same secret, and it’s a truth that doesn’t exactly scare her but she would rather not know. Those first few times when he puts the basket on the counter, she says
She just laughs and takes the stairs.
Still, he keeps coming back.
. Cas watches him stumbling backwards, picking up his bag, smiling. He says
Cas takes in the surroundings, as he does when he enters every place and then he gets closer. He is still talking.
“You know if they’ll need you tomorrow?”
They keep going, settling into their roles. Castiel takes out the items from the bags and arranges them neatly for types on the table and Dean moves through the kitchen to put them back in their designated places.
“But you,” Dean adds, “you can come stay with us. Anytime. For as long as you want. We would love to have you. Me,
He says “Look - ” and at the same time he hears “Dean?”
Cas hesitates, then says,
Castiel immediately knows he is talking about his mission in Hell to save Dean. He nods in a gesture that conveys understanding although he does not fully understand what makes Singer claim Dean Winchester as his own and feel bonded to him by something that goes beyond biology.
Today, Sam leaves and Dean asks Cas, “You sticking around for this one?” – back turned, eyes down, hands busy. Sometimes he doesn’t feel brave enough to do that either, so he just goes back to his room and hopes to find him there when he returns.
“You could help, you know. It’s your stuff too.”
“Course you can. The door’s just there,” Dean says, struggling to keep himself upright too.
“Next time we can organize something at the bunker. There’s so much space,“ she says, smirking.
Only then Dean relaxes and looks back at Sam. “No venom.”
“Sh-she is here already?” Sam almost chokes up and all of the sudden he seems to have grown a few inches taller.
Cas looked down at himself, said “Right” and closed the door behind him. There was a little bit of shuffling coming from the inside and some thumps, but Dean resisted the urge to go check on him or peek at him from the windows that gave on the porch.
He sprints into action, white hot rage pumping in his veins and he wastes no time to grab the other vetala by the shoulders and rip him off of him.
“If you call those ‘answers’,” he retorts actually air quoting and it makes Dean huff a laugh. He is starting to really like the guy. He’s kind of dorky but he’s cute and Dean is not sure if he’s ever felt more at ease with someone he just met than he does with him right now.
Sam heard something in his voice and stopped in his track towards the bedroom “Dean. We couldn’t have reached them in time even if we were in Kansas.”
“Calm down, I was obviously kidding. You got no recording or witnesses” Dean raised his eyebrows at him. He took a sip, then added: “Cas wants to go to the jungle.”
First, because they don’t exactly have the best track record when it comes to meeting other hunters, and second, because whenever they go there’s always people looking at them like they’re freaks. He knows they tell all sorts of stories about them and some are hard, ugly truths that Dean would rather stop thinking about for the rest of his life.
Dean didn’t really understand, but neither did he have enough courage to ask how and what and why, so he let the wind fill the silence while he finished his coffee.
“I see” he says, with a deep theatrical voice.
“Alright, let’s go,” Sam tries to get them moving again and Dean jogs back up to them and falls in steps with Castiel.
The commercials start playing and Castiel is telling him a funny story about Gabriel when Dean puts his plate down.
Dean makes a pleasantly surprised sound. “Well, well, looks like I’m not the only one with a concealed identity after all.”
“Yeah. Better.” He said and Cas smiled.
“I’m sure he is fine” Sam says, before thanking the waiter that brings them their food.
But Sam barely moves. “Sammy?” he calls again, more urgent now. “You gotta help here.”
“Yeah, I was - I am. I am leaving. I mean unless…” Dean swallows, and just gives him a look that hopes it’s enough to finish his sentence for him.
and says, “Yeah, no way,” and she laughs.
“Alright,” Dean grins. “Then allow me to give you a piece of advice. If you wanna be successful in this business, you really need to cut it out with the third degree. Cause, one,” he says, holding up a finger, “no one likes a busybody. And two,” he holds up another, “people coming to places like this expect the situation to be a little more
Soon it’s fall and when Dean gets there he finds Castiel in the little garage attached to the house looking for the leaf blower among the clutter. It’s the first time he sees the space and he is assaulted by the thought that his Impala would easily fit in there, next to Castiel’s car. He doesn’t dare mention it but the thought nags at him all weekend.
The place is definitely new, all furniture is shiny clean and modern. In a corner, a few tables make up the breakfast area with a brand new model of coffee machine. Everything is in white, except the light wood counter right in front of Dean, that has engraved on it a replica of the blue sign that is outside. Dean only now notices that everything is angel and heaven themed. There are little white wings on blue wallpapers all around him that make the place look like a nursery. Behind the counter, there’s an open door that gives into a dimly lit backroom. But as far as humans, no one.
There’s Sam introducing him to this lady to work a job together on alledged arachnes activity in Winsconsin and a girl who wants him to debunk some stuff she’s heard about them but she doesn’t believe (he disappoints her cause they are mostly true) but most importantly, there’s Cas’ thigh pressed against his when he’s sitting and Cas’ shoulder just an inch away when he’s standing, and somehow it’s different than it was before.
The hesitation catches Dean’s attention. “Hm.” he puts the map back on the rack and focuses on Steve again. “From where?”
“Nonsense, you’ve just been attacked and it’s freezing.”
Cas offered to go back to the bunker, but Dean really didn’t mind taking a walk and didn’t want for him to waste all the mojo he had left for their lazy asses.
he doesn’t add, but Castiel must hear it anyway because he slighly blushes again.
It’s not a question but Dean nods anyway and sighs in relief.
“About earlier -” starts Cas and from his tone nothing good is coming “I’m sorry I wasn’t able to help you with that werewolf.”
“Oh. I need to sleep almost every day now. Sometimes I need to eat. I don’t know how long it will last. I don’t know if one day it’ll just stop or if it’ll become my new normal.” Cas looked at him and pressed his lips together. His eyes were not sad, but close. Dean had to look away and clear his throat.
“You want people you love around you.”
Sam smiled and took a deep breath. “Yeah.”
There’s Jody, and Donna, by Sam’s side. There are the girls, tears streaked faces and broken voices. Kaia doesn’t leave Claire’s side the whole time. Garth is there too, Charlie with Stevie and a whole bunch of hunters he met down the literal road. It’s an impressive turn up, if he’s being honest.
“I would love to.”
Dean catches himself smiling dumbly right when Sam passes by the door. He instinctively raises a hand towards Dean as a greeting, then does a double take when his eyes register Castiel. He makes a disbelieving face at Dean behind Cas’ back and Dean just shrugs in response. They share a smile as Sam walks away.
Dean comes back two weeks after they finally leave town and three weeks after that.
"I’m gonna go get us something to eat," announced Dean in the end.
and Cas says
on your shoulders. We are not going trick or treating.”
With an almost involuntary intake of breath, he raps his knuckles on the wood. “Alright, uh, I should probably go check on my brother now.”
“Cas.” he grumbles. “I texted him last night and I got no word back yet. We said we would check in with each other every night, so…” he frowns.
So Castiel goes from bag to bag for items that need to be refrigerated looking like a bee flying from flower to flower.
Dean shakes his head, “Cas, you don’t have to apologize to
Sam would. Standing here in the garden with him, Sam would tell him the very same things and wish for the very same things. He’s sure he would. He’s not accusing Cas of anything. On the contrary, he’s showing him understanding.
“What?”
Dean shrugged: “Just is.”
Dean hugs her and tries not to follow Cas’ movement with the corner of his eyes when he senses him stepping away from his side.
Castiel looks at him and he’s silent for a long moment. Dean fights the urge of looking down, wondering what does he think of him now. Has this made his opinion of him even worse? In addition of being a stalker, does he now think he’s a killer and that he’s made a mistake trusting him with that key?
? Were you even planning on stopping by the bunker?”
Curiously that has Cas’ take his eyes away from the glass and lay his gaze on him. He has his lips pressed in a small smile.
Dean shurgs. “You could help.”
Dean is in a very good mood. “I can’t believe they still do these things” was his comment on the way there and since they’ve arrived he has been complaining that he can’t stop at none of the games before the job is done. Eileen finds endearing the way he manages to protect that part of him that makes him excited for things like that even with the life he has. It’s not easy to reconcile the image of that man with sparkly eyes with the one she has seen swaying a machete a couple of days before.
“Come on.” she says, then signs “If I win, I want you to cook for me.”
Cas smiles ruefully and his tone drips sarcasm when he says “In the laundry room and the kitchen. Does
, and Dean laughs and it echoes on the kitchen walls. And then Cas stops by Jack’s room and knocks lightly on the wooden door, usually ajar. As soon as Jack sees him slipping a hand in his coat’s pocket his face brightens. He stretches a hand out and Cas rests the stamp on his palm. It’s usually a little crumpled but Jack always smiles and says
Dean nods and gives him an embarrassed wave.
Some days, like today, Cas is already in the kitchen. Dean makes eggs while he sits at the table munching on cereals. It’s just a habit he picked up from Jack; he can’t really tell what they taste like. Dean used to snap at the kid for the constant crunching in his ears so early in the morning - now he’s used to it. He sits across from Cas and eats his breakfast.
Then Cas came around that evening while they were having dinner. They heard his heavy footsteps before he entered the kitchen. His hair was a little messy and his skin looked pale and worn out. He always seemed exhausted these days. Dean had stolen a glance and thought that a little break could be good for him, but that Cas would have thought that they were out of their mind for planning a vacation. It dawned on him that he was probably going to say no and that that would hurt him a little to hear. He wanted Cas to want to go with them.
“Well, that would make me very happy.”
Today Cas is typing away and Dean has just sat down with a fresh cup of coffee when Sam calls and it’s something.
Dean sat on the porch with his coffee and watched them, fighting the urge to yell at them not to go too far from the shore like a mother hen. The wind picked up after a while and it started raining again so the two made their way back to the shore and then broke into a short run raising their arms to try and cover their faces, their swim suits wrinkly and clinging to their tights, the sand sticking to their feet and calves. They arrived half laughing and towelled off but Sam’s teeth were clattering so Cas told him to get into the shower first.
Most days though, like today, he looks like he’s exactly where he’s supposed to be and when he meets his eyes across the table, maybe even exactly where he wants to be.
Dean laughs, “You don’t,” he says and although he tries to reign it in with the bitterness, it stills seeps out. Cas’ gaze prompts him to explain himself, “Come on, the minute we’re done with a case you are out of here. I don’t blame you,” he quickly adds cutting off whatever Cas was opening his mouth to say. “I know you don’t like sitting around. Believe me, no one understands that more than I do.”
There were even less people around at that time and Dean had never thought that being surrounded by gallons and gallons of sparkling water that stretched as far as his eyes could see could feel so intimate. He closed his eyes and imagined letting all his thoughts and anxieties and worries out of his head, letting all the fears and the guilt and the sense of duty out of his body and being one with the water instead, breathing the moment in and feeling it on his skin.
Dean shrugs. “Sorry, Sammy. He is - ” he feels himself blushing, “I just gotta stay.”
Sam almost jumped out of his chair. “Did I just? Did I just hear that? Did you just say that?” he laughed.
“Yes.”
Dean hovers around Cas to make sure he’s being gentle with that brush and doesn’t forget any spot.
“What would be?”
He stretches on his bed, rolls on his stomach and smiles into his pillow that smells of fresh laundry. He feels comforted by his room, and the simplest event of finding his slippers right next to his bed.
“Hey! Don’t insult the shirt.”
“I’ll see you later?”
Cas squares his shoulders, “To stay. You could ask me,” he sounds accusing, and he takes a step forward. His eyes are firm in Dean’s and with his elbow still in his grip, he feels like a hummingbird flapping his wings in the paw of a dragon, “You ask everybody else.”
“Which is?”
Castiel seems to lose the last bit of tension he had left and exchanges it for a spark of annoyance and a challenging tone. “Well, I
and Cas nods and says
Eileen turns to Castiel who seems engrossed in his magazine that has titles on the cover of the kind “
“Oh, no, there’s no rush if you are still reading it.”
“I didn’t think there would be this many people,” Cas says, surveying the room clearly looking for Jack.
There was a moment during the hunt when Cas had reached towards him - as he sometimes does - to step in front of him, to face the danger himself and shield Dean from it, but he was intercepted and thrown against the car and before Dean could do anything, that werewolf had jumped him, almost killing him – so it’s like that moment they had, suspended, never completed, left him with a sense of loss and now he wants Cas close. He wants Cas to always be able to reach him.
"Is your car stolen?" Steve asks then, out of the blue.
Steve nods, catching the drift. He says “I’ll be in the office,” and slips out of the room, clicking the door shut behind his back.
Castiel face falls and Dean hates himself. But Castiel straightens up, presses his lips together and nods. He says “I understand.”
Castiel pauses with one hand on the handle. “Are you leaving right away?”
So Cas trails after him to the laundry room and keeps talking as Dean reaches the first dryer on their left, takes out the fresh load to dump it in a pile over a counter and checks the other cycle that’s still going in the second dryer. He keeps talking as Dean grabs an empty basket form a corner and puts it in front of him on a stool and one after the other, starts neatly folding towels and kitchen rags. Pinch the corners, fold once in a rectangle, turn to the side, fold again in a square, done, into the basket.
She rolls her eyes at him, “I go where the job takes me, Dean. I don’t make plans.”
Steve keeps eye contact as he takes something from under the counter and drops it in the space between his arms, right behind his clasped hands. Dean looks down: it’s his wallet.
he thinks about him but he senses that he does nonetheless. He knows he’s an anomaly in Dean’s life. He didn’t believe in his very existence before seeing him in that barn. Dean learned a lot from that day forward.
Steve levels him with a hard stare.
and Dean’s chest fills with rocks because he knows exactly what he means.
“Cas,” Dean calls and he stops, looking curiously over his shoulder. Dean’s resolve falters, so he starts by saying, “Hey, mh, just wanna make sure you are okay.”
Castiel shoots him an annoyed look but doesn’t respond to the provocation. “Did you check the laundry room?” he says calmly instead.
“Alright,” he concedes. He feels a blush rising on his cheeks and he keeps his eyes on the road to avoid looking at Sam. “There’s this guy – you know, the one back at the motel that helped us out last night.”
Gabriel follows the trajectory of his gaze and wiggles his eyebrows in an unsettling way, if you ask Dean.
Sam’s gaze meets Eileen’s. She raises her eyebrows and signs “Cute”.
They are on a hunt. Well, actually they are at some kind of fair. The spirit they are chasing has shown up in all the towns that the travelling fair has hit in the past few months, so the safest bet is that it’s somehow hunting the place.
go any farther. Believe me, I would,” he says, matching his cold stare and trying to keep the volume of his voice in check. “My brother is outside in my car and he’s freezing to death,” he says, enunciating every word. Steve impassive façade crumbles a little. He looks suspicious, frowns and titls his head a little to the side. Dean keeps going, sensing an opening. “He can’t possibly go another mile in this snow. I can’t take him anywhere else. You gotta let me take him in.”
They reached the shore and then chose to go to the right for no reason. Dean wasn’t sure if he had ever done this before. Let alone with another person. He didn’t know if it meant something, if he knew how to do it, even. Do you look at your feet, straight ahead? At the sea?
Sam blinks a few times as if it’s taking some time for him to register what he’s heard. “What? But it’s late. You just drove seven hours straight. Aren’t you tired?”
“What?” he says with his mouth full in response to his staring,
Cas looked up and gave him an easy and tired smile.
, Cas,” he says, cutting, yanking his arm free of his hold, and it sounds bad, bad,
Sam watches him while he listens to whatever Castiel is saying on the other end. He sees his forehead striped with worried lines relax by the second.
Castiel looks at Dean and then back at his brother, “I was with a guest.”
When he comes back, Dean snoops in the bags he brings in, makes sure he got everything from Jackson, hears about his chats with Marta. Sometimes he jokes
Another moment passes, then Bobby says, “Go, boy,” and Dean doesn’t look but he knows for a fact there is an eye-roll involved.
He looks at Dean with a raised eyebrow.
Castiel seems windswept. His eyes are wide, his lips and cheeks bright pink. He cuts him off, shaking his head. “No, no, it was me. You took me by surprise and I wasn’t sure what to make of last night. This whole thing has been – weird.”
He steps closer. His fingertips are tingly with cold as he grabs the lapels of Castiel’s jacket and gently pulls him towards him. Castiel lets him. Lets Dean get so close that their lips touch. Dean kisses him slowly, sweetly. His lips are cold but soft and so close to him Dean can smell all the wonderful things he knew he smelled of. He pulls back to finally say: “I know I shouldn’t have shown up at the library today. I freaked you out, I didn’t mean to.”
He picks it up pretty easily and soon enough a rhythm has settled between them. Their hands don’t reach for the same piece of laundry anymore and Cas interrupts himself and loses his thread of thought more than once as he focuses on his task. Then he moves to fetch another basket, takes the kitchen rags pile away from the bathroom towels and keeps going.
. She doesn’t seem impressed by that, but lets him try and Cas teaches her. Now when she says
Cas said “I’ll go with Dean.”
Dean opened his mouth to say something else but he was already gone. He groaned. “I hate when he does that.”
She slides her sunglasses on her nose to look from Castiel to Dean and she keeps her eyes on him as she passes behind Castiel, making a show of trailing his shoulders with her fingertips. “Well, have a good day then, dear.” She says sweetly, disappearing in the backroom.
“Yeah, well, it’s just us. We look out for each other.” He clears his throat. Steve must sense his uneasiness because he lets this one drop as well.
The machine whirrs to a stop and starts beeping.
He struggles to shake him off with one hand while with the other he tries to reach for the blade. The creature opens his mouth and he’s about to sink his fangs in his neck when Dean squeezing his eyes and pushing with everything he’s got, gets them to roll once again. The vetala is on his back, the blade now visible next to it. Dean quickly snatches it from the ground and buries it in his heart.
They find Claire in the empty white kitchen, and catch her right when she’s about to open herself a beer. Her eyes widen in panic but she doesn’t manage to hide the bottle behind her back fast enough.
One time he calls Castiel after being tied to a chair and tortured for five hours. He is limping out of the warehouse, holding his phone against a bloodied ear and Castiel replies on the first ring. There’s music in the background and Castiel’s got a cheerful tone when he says, "Don’t tell me you’re here already. The potatoes still have fifteen minutes to go."
“It’s right up here.” Castiel says after not even five minutes on the road. “I told you there was no need to take the car.”
“You hear any ringing?” Dean asks, loud and worried, trying to catch his eyes.
“Did I wake you?” he asked as soon as he saw him stumbling in the dark.
“Oh. Thank you. Alright then,” he said.
So he keeps coming back.
“Fine,
Dean blinks, looks back at where he was a second ago, where Sam is still hunched over his lifeless body.
“I feel so much right now.”
Castiel hesitates with a gloved hand on the handle. He looks back at him.
Sam is stunned for just a second, then snorts, “Fine guys, I’ll babysit tonight, but next time you gotta ask.”
He held his head high and repeated: “I don’t,” quiet, like a secret.
Dean snorted: “Yeah, you’re right.”
Dean waits for Bobby to offer up some other information, but he stays silent.
They blinked at him.
“Look, I don’t get what you want me to say. If you wanted to - ” he exhales, angrily, “Just - forget it, let’s go back inside,” he says but as he tries to walk away Cas stops him by his elbow.
Steve appraises him for a long moment and in the end he asks, “What happened to him?” again sounding a little suspicious.
and you drop by
Castiel wraps his donut in the napkin while Dean dives in unceremoniously on his. He watches as Castiel slips off his vest from his shoulders and starts gathering his things going in and out the backroom.
He floats through a darts game and a dozen of Carol’s sandwiches. Then there’s Jack telling an embarrassing story about him that has people folding in two with laughter, and Claire agreeing on following them back to the bunker only with the promise of destroying him at foosball.
Sam informed him of the plan, but judging by his squinty eyes and foggy expression he was having trouble following him.
Sam came back to consciousness when the lightening stroke the clock tower and dragged himself into the bedroom after a grumbled goodnight. The movie ended and Dean and Cas put away their trash and plates.
“Well, then. Thank you.” He says as the car rolls to a stop in front of a little house. It’s too dark to see it properly but under the snow, the front garden seems a little unkempt and there’s still a string of unlit Christmas lights with one end dangling from the gutter. Dean thinks it’s kinda cute.
Castiel presses his lips together and gives Dean a somewhat apologetic look.
Cas is unbothered by the rain, as he is unbothered by most natural events. He takes his time opening up the backseat door to toss the duffel bag in, before slipping in the passenger seat, trenchcoat soaked, hair dripping and raindrops running down his cheeks. Dean’s lips quirk up. Cas says, “I had forgotten a book.”
Gabriel rolls his eyes and open the big box to let Dean select a donut.
“Sure, Jack. We heard a lot about you. I bet everyone will be eager to talk to you.”
But things had changed and he’d changed and he’d let people in and fought to hold on to them and to do right by them. And he is proud of what he’s done for them and for the whole world; he wouldn’t change a thing. His life had been a difficult one, but he’d known love and family and that was the important part.
“I can’t believe I still haven’t had a single beer,” he mutters as they elbow their way through the crowd. Sam hovers around her with a timid smile plastered on his face that doesn’t seem to take any breaks.
Castiel feels his eyes on him. “I’ve washed a car before, you know.” He says, and there’s a playful tone hidden underneath his low voice.
But maybe he wouldn’t.
“I just want the guests to be safe. I’m not going to endanger them letting just anyone walk in.”
A short blond guy comes in, carrying a big box that Dean instantly knows contains at least a dozen glazed donuts, and he can tell because his sense of smell when it comes to delicious food has never failed him. He feels his mouth watering and his stomach grumbles.
hours.”
Dean fought the urge to laugh together with other urges.
Dean understands now. He pieces together his insistence in coming to this thing, his bouncing knee throughout their journey, the way he checked his phone more or less forty-five times. He feels slightly less bad about having caved in. There are a lot of things that Dean would give up for Sam, and things that he would conjure out of thin air just for him to have, if he could. But there’s so much he can’t give him and he wants Sam to just get out and take, have and enjoy. So if he wanted to come here just to meet Eileen again, Dean’s happy to be complicit.
One time Dean drives to meet him in town and they sit at the pizza place and Caitlin stops by the table to get their orders and says
Cas’ eyebrows raise in thinly veiled amusement and that’s all the answer Dean needs, “What? Who?” he asks, outraged.
He says: “I’m not going anywhere.”
Dean rolls his eyes a little. “Right.”
They stayed like that, looking at the sun painting the sky with all the colours it had.
Castiel scoffs. “Wha- how can there be such things?”
Cas sighed. “It has always been asked a lot to you and your brother. But you don’t have to feel guilty for having something for yourself when you can.”
“You and your brother are in the same line of business?”
“That’s better. We could go hiking.”
she smiles and Cas says
He knows that he’s pushing his luck, this guy could make a phone call right away if Dean pisses him off. But there’s something that tells him that he won’t. He leans more heavily against the counter and the distance between them shortens still. He briefly licks his lips and grins cheekily up at him.
As soon as he approaches the basket Dean unceremoniously throws a kitchen rag at him. Cas catches it but stops talking and looks at him confused.
He walks up to the door, carrying way too many bags with him.
He will roll down his window a little even if it rains and Dean will turn the radio on, and a familiar track will start in just the perfect spot, right before the chorus, and Dean will sing along quietly, tapping his fingers on the wheel, under the grey and the wet and Cas’ gaze, curious and slightly amused.
“I figured you’d say that.”
Finally he looks at Dean intently and replicates his moves. Fold, rectangle, side, fold, square, done, basket.
“The cereals. For Jack” he explains.
And Cas says
Cas looked out to the sea and Dean was taken hostage by those questions that he wanted to ask, wanted to ask so bad but that always seemed to get stuck in his throat.
“No. I always have those. Angels develop them the more they're in contact with humans. That is why Heaven was… troubled by my stay on Earth, that is why Gabriel lived how he lived and not Raphael or Uriel.”
“Uh?”
Dean’s thoughts were so loud at that point that he wanted to ask “What?” to make sure he hadn’t misheard him, but the moment was gone, it was too late already.
He is curious, teasing. Castiel knows that he spends a lot of time thinking about him. Castiel doesn’t intrude in his thoughts, even if he could. Dean told him that he’s got a right to his privacy and Castiel respects that. So he doesn’t know
Dean interrupts him and motions to follow him “Talk and walk, there’s something I need to do.”
He feels brave and light but holds his breath in the defining silence that follows. Before he can feel like a fool though, he hears a flap of wings right in front of him.
Castiel precedes him in saying: “You first.”
she’s gonna go easy on him, it’s not like she’s gonna
Dean speeds up as soon as he spots the blinking
Sam looks up from his tablet. “What?” he asks, like he was not paying attention. He sneezes. “Dean, we need to decide what to do,” he says then, but Dean is distracted by the tall building with the stone step they’re passing by. Hanging on the wall outside there’s a brass plaque that says
“What? No way I’m going hiking. I’m not gonna exhaust myself on what’s supposed to be a vacation.”
Dean stretches out a hand without a word and she drops the act, sighs and hands it over. Before she can say anything else, Cas steps between them, "Claire, it’s nice to see you,” he says and she lets him squeeze her into a hug.
He gives her a courteous quick nod, not bothering to cover his mouth full and the sugar all over his lips.
, and since he could,
Later that day, Eileen and Sam are pressed against each other on a couch, both ignoring how “sharing a laptop” is a such a lame excuse for two adults to sit closely together. But whatever. Sam is showing her a restricted online archive about lore in European historical findings that he was able to crack into when she catches Dean passing by the door and she remembers about that morning.
He cradles his face and makes sure Cas is looking straight at him when he says, “Cas. I love you too. Of course, I love you too,” and it comes out a little broken and a little breathy but he feels giddy and Cas is smiling and then there’s kisses, lips and hair through his fingers and a whole new shiny beautiful world. “You’re the best thing that’s happened to me,” he says. “I’m so glad you’re here, I can’t believe my luck.”
Castiel shook his head, "I want to go back today." he told him.
"That would be nice. I would be a little sad we won't be spending gym together but then again, we come home together." Castiel glanced at Dean, smiling a little. "That sounds like a plan." he added.
Castiel smiled softly, kissing Dean back. He licked his lip, tasting the sweet chocolate. He kissed him again before pulling back, "Finish your cake." he swiped his finger on Dean's nose before getting up. "I'm going to test the water then." he said before walking past Dean and inside the door and stripping off his shirt. It was quiet in the pool room, seeing the moonlight lit the pool and the soft sound of the water moving. He put his shirt aside before bending over and undoing his shoes, glancing over at Dean before straightening back up and smiling at him.
Dean blinked, shocked at how Cas had managed to get his foot that far up. He got out of the initial surprise, pulling the foot back like Cas had instructed. "Damn, are you made of rubber?" He asked with a laugh, wondering how that didn't hurt like hell.
Dean slowly began breathing more evenly, glancing over at Cas as he came up next to him. He licked his lips after Cad mentioned them, smiling slightly. "Well, it kept me quiet and I hardly felt it at the time." He said with a chuckle. He'd definitely been more distracted with other things to notice how much he'd been biting them.
"Oh I don't have a girlfriend." Castiel replied, glancing over at the line to see if Dean was back yet.
Castiel laughed lightly, "That's debatable. I can see it though." he looked through the skies before pointing to one. "That one kind of looks like an apple." He said. "And that one looks like a goldfish." He pointed to another.
Castiel grinned happily, taking the cat and resting it next to his Dean cat. He squeezed them against his chest and looked up at Dean. "I love them, thank you Dean." He said happily. "Now my cat won't be lonely." He told him.
Castiel smiled, leaning down and placing a soft kiss to Dean's lips. "Good. I hope you can play along with me then." he said. He slowly got off of Dean and went to where they put all of the items. He set them down on the bed and lube. He was really excited, this was everything on his own accord and he would get to watch Dean's body reactions. He hummed softly before thinking of something. "Dean, do you still have those pink underwear that you like?" he asked, glancing over at Dean as he settled back on top of him. "I think that would be a nice touch hmm?" he smiled. "I don't get to please myself so I might as well enjoy everything I can out of this." he added. "Do you want to remove you pants for me also?" he asked, trailing his fingers from the hem of Dean's pants up his chest, his eyes following his fingers before he locked gaze with Dean again. He smiled softly though everything he was doing expressed something else.
Dean looked at Cas with a sympathetic look, "I don't know what to tell you Cas, but if you got too big, I might have to let you go." he told him.
"Are you going to bring him back?" Lisa looked at him. "If he wants to, will you?"
Dean Winchester: Yeah. Totally. My brother thinks I'm geeky for it but it's so cool that I could really careless.
Dean grabbed at Cas's hair, his other hand moving from the bed to Cas's shoulder. His grip tightened as Cas moved down on him again quickly, his eyes clenching shut. A wave of hot pleasure coursed through him as he came in the back of his throat, gasping out Cas's name.
Dean eased up when he heard Cas's reaction, continuing on more gently across Cas's back and hips. "Anywhere else really sore that you want me to massage?" He asked as he kept kneading at his skin.
Castiel laughed, "That makes me happy that you think that." he said. He had moved the fish around a bit and set up another pan to steam the vegetables. He was done with cooking everything and the vegetables should be done soon. "So I think we're finally done. We can go get everyone now." he said.
Castiel moved his hand from Dean's and wrapped it around Dean's waist to pull him in before rolling them over. He bit Dean's neck and sucked marks into his skin as he gently stroked Dean before kissing his way down. He stopped at his nipples and kissed them before pressing his tongue on them. He tugged on them between his teeth and rolled it beneath his fingers before continuing on and kissing Dean's ribs. He ran his hands up and down Dean's sides before settling in between his legs like Dean did for him. He hummed softly, before kissing away the precum and swirling his tongue around the head. He pressed his lips to the side and smeared his lips across it and slowly licked up. He teased the underside before glancing at Dean and taking him in one go. He settled at the base, swallowing to adjust. His eyes tears a little from the stretch but he was fine. He hummed softly as he rubbed his hands up Dean's stomach and sides before reaching aimlessly and finding Dean's hand and lacing his fingers through them.
“Hey, just leaving.” Dean answers.
"That'd be nice, I bet Benny would appreciate it." Dean replied, staying in bed as Cas stood and got ready.
Castiel stopped moving, completely pliant above Dean. He rested his head against Dean's shoulder, letting his arms slid down, lazily. He should've removed the gag but he was so relaxed and sated, he didn't care. He snuggled into Dean's neck, inhaling his scent as he closed his eyes. He was careful not to wipe his spit on him.
The other two noticed Sam staring, “Hey slowpoke! Thought you might sleep til noon! Get the fire started.” Dean called.
Castiel clawed at the other’s back, gripping at the back of Dean’s head and his hair, his arms, whatever he could grab. Dean grunted at the other tightening around him, feeling the slick starting to get on his stomach and leg area. He broke the kiss, panting against Castiel’s neck, kissing at the other side of his neck and nipping little love bites into him.
Castiel laughed lightly, moving a bit closer and draping his arm around Dean. "I'm glad I make your bed comfy. You make sleeping a lot more enjoyable." He smiled
Castiel laughed a bit as he got the supplies to eat. He smiled as he started to make some eggs first. He hummed softly as he started to cook. "I made lunch yesterday night, so we don't need to rush." he glanced at Dean before going to cook eggs, he cooked the ham and sausages next. It was a simple breakfast so it wasn't that long to make so he was done fairly quick. He slid a plate in front of Dean with a fork and sat down in front of him. "Here you go." he smiled.
"But I want to." Castiel replied. "I'm not doing it out of favors or repayment, I'm offering it because I want to do it." he said. They headed to the garage, walking toward the car. He smiled a little at Dean, "Besides I know tomorrow we are making desserts in class so I think they'll be nice to eat after." he added.
Sam answered his question, "Well because it has to do with the birth of Jesus Christ. It's supposed to represent the star of Bethlehem that led the 3 wise men to the stable." he explained.
Castiel shook his head, "No thank you." he replied.
"It will definitely be better." Castiel told him. He snuggled into Dean, "You're so warm, it's nice." he smiled a little. He didn't want to head back just yet, giving them more time to just sit while everything simmered down.
"We kind of just cleared it up just now." Castiel told her.
"I could careless about your reactions to whether I'm here or not." John replied. "I'm just seeing things as I see it. Hell I don't even know what the fuck you've been doing but I don't care, but all I know is obviously you can't even protect that so called person who makes you happy. I'm just seeing things how they are and apparently you don't want to accept that." He snapped at Dean.
"Charlie seems to have a fondness over videogames and medieval things as to what I have gathered from knowing her. I believe getting her games of sorts of that will make her happy. Kevin seems to appreciate nice gestures and I figured he loves his mom quite a bit so I was thinking of getting him something as well as his mother. If you would like, maybe me and you can split on the payment of a laptop for Sam?" Castiel offered, glancing over at Dean. "I'll think of something for you. Is there something you wouldn't like?" he asked.
Dean felt his heartbreak some more. He couldn't help Cas. In any way. He felt so useless, guilty, sad, and deep down, under the concern and worry, he felt rage. He wanted to find those guys and bury them alive for what they did to Cas.
Sam looked at Castiel, "So what is considered flexible for you? Like the difficulties of flips you can do?" he asked.
Castiel looked at Dean before opening his mouth for Dean to feed him while everyone else was doing what they were doing. He didn't want to move and Dean was already eating so he could steal a little of his food.
Charlie glanced at him, "Oh jeez, you serious?" She laughed a bit.
"Well I was your pillow anyway, and I'm still here." Dean replied with a chuckle. "It was nice though, really comfy and warm."
From the entrance of the door there was a slightly higher place on the roof with a ladder on it. She had big headphones over her ears with one pushed off the side. She pulled a sucker out of her mouth, "Oh hey. I know you two. Dean Winchester and Castiel Milton, right?" she asked.
"I get it, trust me. But you're family's kind of a package deal with you, right? And I've already chosen you. So if you want to talk about it, I don't mind getting tangled up in it." Dean said with a shrug.
Charlie squeezed Castiel, "So? He's mine currently. Who's the cutest unicorn in the whole wide world?" She asked.
Dean's breathing quickened, the sight of Cas already so wound up sending spikes of desire through him. He took the ring from Cas, glancing up at him and feeling it between his fingers before he quickly rubbed some lube around it. He strokes Cas lightly before sliding the ring on carefully, tangling his free hand in Cas's hair.
Dean shook his head, "Stop it! You're just lying, that's not true." he said.
Dean smiled and kissed one of Cas's slightly pink cheeks before he stepped back again. "Yeah, that's probably a good idea. Plus if we wrap them up I won't be so tempted to eat more, since I really don't need to eat anymore." He chuckled before collecting all of the cookies onto one plate and wrapping it.
"Mm, you're right. It's still tempting, but maybe waiting would be a good idea." Dean replied with a chuckle. He looked around again, taking a deep breath before looking back at Cas with a smile. "Well this was a good start to going outside. You wanna hang out up here for a while or go back down?"
"Do you want to help me bake cookies then?" Castiel asked. "I think we ate them all yesterday." He said. "Can't have Christmas without cookies." He smiled.
"I can keep you warm." Castiel offered quickly.
After dinner, Dean looked at Cas and he was completely a mess, so he needed to give him a bath. He scooped Cas up and walked him to the bathroom, turning on the water and gently rinsing Cas off, but he still smelt like sauce.
"Gabriel showed you porn?" Dean asked incredulously, breaking into a grin. He couldn't imagine sweet little Cas watching porn.
Kevin passed one to Dean to let him use it over them and gave him a few pillows. Then Sam and him started making a small bed spread for them to sit or lay.
Dean gripped his head, tugging on his hair. "Cas-fuck, stop teasing me." he panted.
"Oh, I would definitely comply." Dean replied, breath catching slightly as Cas bit at his ear. "It's so easy for you to drive me crazy- if you ask, I don't think I'd be able to refuse." He added, glancing over at Cas out of the corner of his eye and watching him.
Castiel just laid in bed, not wanting to move until Dean came home. He squeezed the pillow again, if he couldn't help his problem maybe he could do something for Dean to show him how thankful he was for him to do these things for him, to protect him and take care of him. He wondered briefly if there was anything to make pie with downstairs before realizing they haven't gone to the store in a while. He then wondered if he should go to the store to get groceries while Dean was away, but he had no car. He sighed softly, he couldn't make a pie for Dean.
Dean Winchester: *Glances over at Cas* What? Whisking someone away into the night and going somewhere where they could be alone?
The light kisses of the sun
In the morning, Castiel quickly got out of bed, getting changed. He wasn't sure what was to be expected if Dean managed to get Raphael out but he would just let them go as they went. He just wanted to go see Dean before the weekend, just in case it didn't go right. He just wanted to thank Dean for his effort no matter how sad he would be since he wouldn't be able to see him. He went downstairs, already prepared their lunches yesterday while Dean was working and soon left for school.
"Okay. I am getting pretty hungry." Dean admitted, glancing over to where he had put the food earlier. "We could eat on the bed if you want. We'd have to be more careful, but we could still stay close." He offered, looking down at Cas.
"Well apparently each ends ties to him, so I'm wondering if I can crack through it, we'll be able to send it. Is he important or something?" Kevin asked, glancing up from the screen to Gabriel.
Deans hold on Cas tightened, desire growing suddenly and he rolled to the side to switch their positions. He tugged Cas's shirt up suddenly, trailing kisses and bites up from his stomach.
"I know, I'm such a hassle. I'm not even sorry though." Dean replied with a grin as he finished his breakfast. "Plus I can't feel too bad for you if you're just going to lay around and text me. It's a tough job, but I'm sure you can handle it." He teased, finishing off his orange juice.
Dean relaxed a little more, relieved that Cas thought that he actually was helping. As ridiculous as he knew it was, Dean had been half afraid Cas would be disappointed that he hadn't been able to do much else for him. "You don't have to thank me, of course I'll help you any way I can. But you're welcome anyway." He added with a small smile, meeting Cas's eyes.
"Ahh!" Castiel hand gripped onto Dean's hair then one onto his mouth by instinct. He arched up into the touch, it was cool over the newly exposed skin but having Dean's mouth over his nipple and the complete warmth and wetness of it shot a burst a pleasure through him.
Gabriel looked at Charlie, before they looked at Dean. "So what's the kinkiest thing you would do?" Charlie asked.
Dean glanced up at him and chuckled, pulling himself up to lean against the tree beside him, their elbows touching. "That better? I can't guarantee I won't choke, though." He joked.
"That sounds exhausting- having to fake a smile and be polite all the time. I don't think I could do that." Dean replied, tucking a stray lock of Cas's hair back into place. "Not without you, anyway." He added, still wanting to stick close to Cas.
Castiel glanced at him, "I said no such thing. Do not put your own words in my mouth." he said.
Castiel's tears spilled over, it was a lot of pleasure and he didn't know what to do. His cock had started to perk with renewed interest. He was moaning nonstop. He was a mess. His hair was all over the place, his neck was marked with so many new bites, he was crying and drooling, he had cum splattered over his stomach. Dean was holding him up basically by himself since his legs gave in.
"Morning." Dean replied, running his hand comfortingly along Cas's arm. "We'll be okay." He said quietly. No matter what, no matter what happened, they would still have each other, and that meant they would be alright. Even if school was definitely going to be unpleasant.
Kevin sighed, "Don't you know how long those lines are?" he pointed out.
Castiel whimpered and moaned, clutching at Dean. His fingers dug into Dean's back, leaving little marks. He felt like he was going crazy, whining at the sensations he was feeling. He tried to meet Dean's thrusts but had nothing to help him with that with his legs wrapped around Dean. He just pulled Dean closer and bit at his neck, licking a strip up his neck before sucking on his skin. He panted on Dean's neck before gently sucking on Dean's ear and biting the soft flesh behind his ear and sucking.
Dean made a contented sound as he sank lower in the water, enjoying the feel of the warm water and Cas laying against him. It was quiet and peaceful, and he felt himself relaxing under Cas's hand strokes across his hair.
Dean squeezed some shampoo on his hand and ran it through Cas's hair gently, massaging it into his scalp gently. He ran the suds down his neck and shoulders, letting his hand roam lightly over Cas.
Dean skimmed his lips over Cas's neck, moving to his knees and straddling Cas's legs. He used his new leverage to kiss Cas deeply again, his hands rising to tangle gently in Cas's hair.
"It'll definitely be amazing." Castiel smiled. "Just us being here together for the new year, that already perfect. Anything more to that is just adding to it." He said happily. He glanced out the window and watched the road go by, he couldn't wait until tonight. This was so exciting.
"Cas doesn't need anyone to walk him to class, but if he likes me coming then I will." Dean replied, though admittedly Balthazar walking with them was more frustrating than enjoyable for Dean now that /he/ was around. He started walking in the direction of their next classes, keeping Cas between them.
Castiel smiled, pulling Dean into bed with him. He wrapped his arms around Dean and just laid on him. "See, you're very comfy right now so I won't replace you." He laughed lightly.
"A bet? What bet?" Castiel asked.
Now they are there, saying thank you and goodbye. And he realizes, he was silly to worry about Sam not being alright. Of course he’s going to be alright. He can see it in the way he gets shepherd to the car, fussed over, held, in the way Eileen never lets go of his hand.
Dean blinked at him unimpressed but moved his legs to give him more room that he promptly took possession of scooting back on his ass. Cas went back to watching the water and Dean was almost dozing off with the sun on his skin, his hands in the warm sand and Cas’ light weight on his knee.
On one of those mornings, Dean wakes up while he is still out, and Cas’ phone rings in his pocket as he walks. On the other end Dean gruffly says,
By the time Cas gets out of the metal door, rain is falling heavily all over the roof and Dean feels nowhere on Earth, surrounded by water. Dean doesn’t hear the door shutting, but spots the blurry silhouette of a trench-coated figure approaching. He turns the key in the ignition and as the lights go up, he’s on Earth again.
Dean likes her. She spent half her life working at a bank, but after crossing path with a djinn she hanged her suit, moved out of the city and created a safe place for hunters, soon becoming a beacon in the community in Kansas. Her door is always open, as she said that one time they met her on a case. Dean likes her for no-nonsense ways, her honest looks and, not less importantly, her amazing sandwiches.
“What are we doing tomorrow?” he asks after a while.
Sam glances over his shoulder to look at him.
“Yeah.”
Castiel lifts his gaze to look at him as he’s asking absurd questions.
“Working.”
Dean stops one foot short from the counter. “He’s gonna be fine,” he says. “Sleeping now.”
Then the clouds broke and Sam and Cas wanted to go for a swim. The waves did not seem dangerous but the wind still swept the sand away and the sun was cold and surrounded by grey. It didn’t seem like the break would last and Dean didn’t care for being wet and chilly. He didn’t mind sitting outside with his second coffee.
“What?” Sam seems even more confused.
Sam added a whole new series of worst case scenarios to Dean’s list. “But what if you get stuck there? How you are going to come back? Doesn’t seem worth it.”
Cas comes standing by his side again and Dean feels a gentle touch on the small of his back. It’s intimate and unexpected so he steps away immediatly almost on instict and Cas’ drops his hand. He meets his gaze and they frown at each other for a second. Cas seems about to say something, but then goes back to sporting his usual face, “I think I saw Claire. I’m going to find her.”
“Why?”
They’re fine. With the whole day ahead and their whole lives after that. He feels like tomorrow he can have anything, but today – he likes today just the way it is.
“They act like a couple,” she signs.
A few seconds later Claire writes back,
“Everybody dies, you ain’t special,” he replies with half a smile. “How was Sam?”
Usually at this time of night nobody even bothers with this. Dean has no idea whose name’s on the card he just gave him and he can’t really deal with this when Sam’s in those conditions back in the car. He pulls out one of his fake IDs and hopes for the best.
As he passes through the entrance to exit the library, his eyes dart to Castiel’s station but there’s someone else in his place. Dean doesn’t bother looking around to say goodbye, just takes the door.
Castiel blinks as his world seems to be rearranging in front of his eyes.
When Sam was finally done he joined him with a few beers, puffing like he had just dug a hole in the ground. He took in the view that surrounded them and the light that was starting to turn orange.
Either way it bugged him. He didn’t say anything.
But Bobby smiles and takes a sip. “Well, you’re right, but you think
Dean shrugs looking down at their shoes lined up and for some reason he thinks it’s a funny sight. If they were just two shoe wearing creatures standing side by side and nothing more, perhaps some things would be easier.
“I would have never left someone to die out in the cold,” he says, but his cheeks are pinkier than they were a moment ago.
and nudges Cas with his elbow, now very much in contact with his.
Dean thought:
Dean looks up to see Castiel focused on doing the same on the other side. The hems of his sleeves are wet and he can see splashes of suds on his tie and trenchcoat.
that’s all that mattered. And it also meant, from Dean’s perspective, a really nice weekend, that included, not in order of importance: his hot dog pants, driving around with the music up, Dean’s cave and Cas.
“Dean,” he complains then and pushes his arms away, “I’m not a child,” he says. His face is red and his hair wild. Dean counters his annoyed look with a grin, “What?” he says.
Taking advantage of the distraction, the vetala hits him and he loses his balance, falls on the ground. He recovers quickly, rolls on his back and gets back up again just in time to tackle the vetala. They roll around punching and kicking each other until Dean finds himself pinned down, his knife trapped under his back.
Castiel looks his way as he’s approaching him. He freezes in spot and Dean gets to see his eyes widen and his lips parting in surprise.
“Yeah,” it was the immediate reply. Then after a beat, “I mean, why not?”
Sam tunes out. He touches his phone and opens up his conversation with Eileen. He types:
“I have a shift at the library. Actually I should be opening in a couple of hours,” he pauses throwing a look at the wall clock, but then adds. “But maybe I can ask if Steve needs another night shift covered.”
He seems about to talk then he settles for a: “Um -”
She accepts.
the kid going to summer camp in the scenario, and instead actually wonders if he’s got time to run to the kitchen real quick, but then he shrugs, shoulders his bag and says “We’ll stop along the way.”
Dean snorted and smiled bitterly even if Cas couldn’t see him: “Not today is not.”
Dean is also fine. He doesn’t feel his heart in his throat anymore. He is tired, but he can’t sleep. He will be able to really relax only when the sun will come out and Sam will wake up and he will be able to forget about all of this. If he goes to sleep now, he knows he’ll only have nightmares.
He is surprised and terrified to learn that there
Cas shakes his head, “Can we go now?”
“Very funny,” Dean says.
He is about to shout “Hello?” again when, finally, someone emerges from the backroom.
Dean’s gaze darts towards Sam next to him. His brother shifts in his seat but doesn’t offer any lifelines.
Dean helped Cas pull out his bed and watched him climb under the sheets.
She looks at him with her eyebrows raised, as she expects him to apologize but Dean goes towards the door and cheekily says: “A five stars breakfast. Thank you.”
. And then again,
Cas smiled at him. “If I had all my powers I would show you what I mean. We would go in the deep of the jungle or on a mountain at dawn. I’m sorry the circumstances never allowed us to do things like that when I could.”
“Yeah,” he says earnestly. “Look, hunting is our job. Sometimes we can control what goes down, sometimes not. It’s not our fault. But then the curtain falls or whatever you wanna call it and - it’s what’s behind that matters.” He gestures towards the car “This -” he says “you chose to spend your time helping me. This – matters to me.”
"...I know someone who can." Gabriel spoke up. "You guys are familiar with a little boy cambion named Jessie? Half human half demon?"
"HOW COULD AZAZEL DO THAT TO MY CHILD?!" He continued to yell as he smashed a porcelain vase against a wall.
won't be able to get the picture."
"Dean Winchester! Open up the door! I have Claire with me!"
Dean raised an eyebrow and nodded. "Yeah, in some terms, he said that."
Also, I probably won't bring Adam back to life. In real time on the show, I feel it didn't make sense that Jimmy got to go to Heaven after his vessel died but Adam couldn't for the same reason. Why the fuck would he be in Hell? Even the Supernatural crew and cast forgot their own plots.
John went over to the small group and raised an eyebrow at the umbrella. Richard noticed the look and appeared affronted. "What? I'll have you know pink is a definite manly color! It was Hitler who tried to denounce its masculinity - right, Dr. Harkness?" He faced the doctor with a pout.
Sam shook his head. "That's impossible! There's no way that Rowena and Metatron were here that day!" Gabriel turned to him with a raised eyebrow. "Are you kidding? This makes so much more sense now! Time travel does exist - hell, you guys have tried to change your father and mother's pasts before! Twice, I may add!"
"Okay, Crowley. She was a victim of abuse. Maybe the cops figured it was an old fashioned spanking and some accidents that Bela got caught in? I mean, she always acted so spoiled and she sold her soul at a young age to you! So you could kill her parents!"
"MOM, NO! WHY ARE YOU LOOKING AT ME LIKE THAT?! PUT THE KNIFE AWAY!"
"No, but as an angel I drank a liquor store. I believe I was inebriated after finding out my Father did not care for me."
The tall Winchester stared at him blankly before jumping out of his bed and towards him with his gun still in his hand. "Keep talking." He demanded.
Nikita nodded and flipped through a few pages until she found where she bookmarked Azazel's name of origin. "But get this," and as she paused reading before starting to read aloud, the elder man couldn't help but flinch at the last time he remembered hearing that similar phrase - about a week before his younger son, Sam, walked out on him and Dean to go to Stanford, "...Azazel is an angel name, and technically a fallen angel because Lucifer himself was the fallen archangel."
He glanced over at Sam, who stared at the wall with worry. The younger Winchester sleepily turned to his brother while laying on his bed. "Dean, do you think the ghost managed to find us or hurt the next door neighbors?"
he's here!" He waved his arm over at Gabriel. "What the fuck is our Dad doing here, Gabriel?! And I thought you died!"
"I'M A GROWN ASS ADULT! WHY CAN'T I GO OUT WITH MY FRIENDS?! THEY'RE HERE AT THE RANCH!"
"Exactly!" Gabriel announced as he grinned at everyone. "We are now going to start Project Destiel! I want everyone to split into two teams and I will be leader for the two muttonheads to finally get together!"
Both Dean and John snorted. "No, you pervert! I wouldn't do that to any kid!" Dean spat and climbed back into the car after filling up the tank of gasoline.
Her heart had gone cold through the torment in her childhood.
Upon hearing Dean shout just now, Gabriel stopped eating and looked up with a shimmer of hope and dread. John dropped what he was doing and looked up, saw his sons, and smiled widely with sudden tears in his eyes. "My boys...!" He ran faster than Gabriel, who toppled over the table and tripped with one of his cakes, and ran up the stairs. He stopped just in front of Dean, who quickly pulled a gun on him. John smiled sadly and quickly pulled a silver knife out to cut the side of his arm to show he wasn't a shapeshifter, and then he pulled out a bottle that labeled Holy Water and drank from it, then splashed it on his eldest son.
-----------------------------
Castiel nodded in reply and tilted his head slightly in thought. "However I do wish that you told me you had plans of coming here for an education from an accredited university. My brother, Gabriel, had created one to give me my new position as a university dean, though Dean & I had to make sure he was not going to replicate Hogwarts." He suddenly had that self-pride look on his face. "I now know the reference to that. But I'd like to watch the movies instead of relying from Metatron's quick download of literature into my brain."
Castiel groaned and glanced at his watch that he recently received from Dean as a small token of a 'welcome back to somewhat sanity in the Winchester World' gift. It was silver and the circle with the numbers on it was as blue as his vessel's eyes. He read the time and sighed.
"Both of you shut up while I forge these documents."
Richard carried Nikita into the passenger seat once they arrived at the truck and John had opened the door for them. He finally closed the umbrella after closing the wheelchair. "Sorry about the nursing staff," Richard started to say and quickly interrupted John from speaking up. "Let's just say it's these moments that give the reason why men should take nursing positions as well, eh?"
"Rowena, I can't seem to sense her in the cabin! I think she probably jumped out the window in this room!" She heard the weird short man with a beard call, apparently named Metatron, out to the red headed woman and a floorboard creak nearby. She controlled her breathing intake - she was able to learn that skill early on in her childhood.
Dean yelled after just arriving at the Bunker with Sam, Castiel, and a still-in-healing Crowley. Sam reluctantly hooked Crowley up with a box supply of human blood from the hospital, which was where they had Crowley kept in for a while, luckily without his demon allies knowing. Castiel made sure he was between Sam and Crowley because from what the King of Hell mentioned back at the hospital, Sam tried to kill Crowley for Rowena's help and ended up scrapping out most of whatever feelings Crowley had left for humanity. The taller Winchester knew he was very lucky that Crowley still considered Dean as his best friend when the elder Winchester brother had been the one to admit Crowley into the hospital for human treatment. As it turns out, Crowley's mother, Rowena, was not to be trusted - typical of a witch. What was worse was that she tried to kill her own son by somehow sneaking up a spell in his recent clothes to give him human conditions, then synched Castiel on him using another powerful spell from the Book of the Damned.
Charlie grinned, "Yup. The rollerblading rink." She said. She got out of the car first then Sam. Kevin went out the other way. Castiel glanced at Dean and smiled before getting out as well.
Dean hesitated. He was still worried, but he realized if their places were reversed, he wouldn't want to talk about it either. Plus, it wasn't his place to meddle in Cas's family problems. "Yeah, okay." He replied after a moment. "But I'm here if you need anything."
Kevin scoffed a little, "She brought extra, I was forced to." He said.
"Yeah well whatever. I'm just going to go upstairs then, get out of your hair." He said.
"You actually considered turning around for /that/?" Dean asked, brow furrowing in disbelief and temporarily forgetting about the others. "Cas, this isn't even a real problem! We were both happy, but you were going to go back just because you thought we moved a little too fast? And what, leave me without any way of knowing what happened to you?" He demanded, frustration leaking into his voice. "Plus you've thought of it 'once or twice' since then? So after everything we've been through and done, even though we're happy, you're still having doubts because it didn't take us years to be where we are." He concluded irritably, unable to fathom how this could possibly be something Cas would worry about, let alone be a reason for him to turn back when he was leaving his family's hold.
Charlie smiled, "Ah, it's great you guys have money." She laughed. "These pillows are so soft." She squished them.
--------
Castiel stared a little, he subconsciously licked the side of his lip. "You think that all the food I made so far is the best." He said, unsure how to react to Dean's actions. He was unsure how to go about any of his actions. He was trying to act normal since dean was but he couldn't help but be more aware of Dean's actions.
Castiel slowly looked up at Dean, "Dean...maybe...maybe they're right. Maybe I should go home." He looked away again. "I'm just something bad waiting to happen..." He said.
Castiel glanced up the tree, "Maybe. I have never climbed a tree before." he said, looking back at Dean. He had filled in some answers already, unlike Dean.
"What was that Shorty? You want to go?" Charlie looked at him.
Castiel put away the empty containers of lunch they had while Dean finished his pie. He glanced at Dean before he leaned his head back against the tree, pulling his knees up a little to wrap his arms them.
Dean grinned, leaning forward slightly to rest their foreheads together. "Yours are too. They were one of the first things I noticed about you, but you probably figured that out, Blue Eyes."
Dean paused. Cas's innocence was actually really endearing, and Dean almost didn't want to tell him. It was making it near impossible to just say 'have sex'.
Gabriel grinned, "I scared Kevin and he screamed." he said.
Castiel slowly started to sit up and a pain went through him and then the dread started to fill him. It wasn't a dream. It had happened. Yesterday started to rush back to him, making his breathing pick back up and he felt sick.
Charlie watched Balthazar for a few moments, surveying him as they talked. She wasn't sure what her take on him was yet, but she'll need more data. Castiel hummed softly, liking Benny. He seemed like a nice person like Dean said. He wandered to the table before pulling out some lunches from his bag.
Sam shrugged, "It's whatever, I don't get to see that jerk, smile like that often so continue whatever it is you're doing for him." he replied.
Sam went upstairs really fast and came back down with clothes in his arm, he tossed everyone a sweater. "Christmas sweaters." he grinned.
"You don't...you didn't think it's weird for me to say that out loud?" Castiel peeked up from the blankets. "Me telling you what I think about?" he asked. He was still blushing a bit, but he would really actually like to try what he just told Dean, finding it very arousing as well as what Dean said he had thought about before.
Castiel gripped Dean's shirt in his hands, mind dulled out in pleasure. He was experiencing so many new things from Dean, it was a warmth that pooled in his stomach. He was shaking a little, more unsteady on his feet. He had his eyes squeezed shut but opened them slightly, turning his head toward Dean's and licking his ear. He lightly licked it, biting the edge and lightly sucking. He made a few small moans, arching back into Dean as he continued to tease his nipples.
"Dunno, we can play marco polo, tag, pool ball, chicken fights, contests." he listed.
Dean let out a heavy sigh and gave Charlie ones at withering look before following her out. If nothing else, he was fairly sure the makeup on his face was covering most of the blush that had risen across his face.
"Yeah? That's good, especially since you already said you'd play it in your car." Dean replied with a chuckle, coming back over to Cas with a shirt he was pretty sure would fit.
Castiel tensed up, digging his face more into Dean and hugging him close. He made a muffled sound. He felt little goosebumps on his skin rising from Dean's fingers moving across his sides. He knew he wasn't ticklish but he didn't understand why to Dean he was. He wasn't going to say it though.
"Yes, you may eat." Castiel nodded and everyone grabbed for whatever they wanted. There was hamburgers, potato skins, macaroni and cheese, sushi, salads, pastas, bread, cookies, and of course pie.
"That's the one downside of a gag." Dean agreed, tilting his head back slightly as Cas kissed him. "And I don't get to hear you as much." He added, though that was the point of the gag. He inserted another finger with the cloth, gently moving them inside of Cas to clean him.
Dean kissed him to make him quiet. He pulled back a little after. "I'm going home to tell Sam where I am and I'll pack up my things so I can come stay with you for a few days...be more prepared. I can pack the right clothes, bring things. I know Benny has a boat so I can pack things along more." he said quickly, thinking of it as he said it. "I'm not leaving Cas...not after I found you again."
"I'll see you in gym though." he said.
"You don't think it's still going to be worse do you?" Sam asked.
Sam laughed and patted her on the back. "Glad you love it." he said.
"Ah! Ah! Ah!" Castiel gasped, moaning loudly. His mouth hung open just slightly as he met Dean's thrusts. His feet giving him leverage. He rocked his hips roughly, rolling them before slamming them back quickly to go faster. He looked up at the mirror again, not looking away this time. He moaned Dean's name, seeing how wanton he was. How much he loved Dean pounding into him. He whimpered and whined, seeing his hair stuck to his forehead, flushed skin, tongue hanging out just slightly. He was going crazy from all of it.
"If this is already a problem then how will we have more dates?" Castiel murmured against his lips. He smiled softly, kissing him again before shifting in Dean's lap to have his back against his chest and he was seated between his legs. He put his hands over Dean's and laced his fingers through them. He leaned flatly against him, humming softly. "I think I gave you too many kisses on the first date." He said.
Dean smiled, glancing down at the suitcase. "That was nice of them. So you don't need to go inside?" He asked, also wondering if Cas was going to bring his car back the house as well.
Castiel had a face of concentration, trying to climb up the tree. He wasn't as efficient or graceful as Dean but he somehow followed after at a much slower pace. When they were near the top, Castiel was doing a lot better, but he nearly tripped off the last branch, making a small shocked sound. He shut his eyes, getting scared.
'We can spend the day together' We could hang out one of this days.
“Right...I’ll come by later to check the boat and everything. I still got a few things left to wrap up. I’ll stay over tonight so we can just leave after.” Sam responded.
Castiel opened his mouth to question Dean and deny it but Sam spoke up first, "Yeah, and if you can't then what? You'll be laying around moping and being depressed again. You didn't really eat, talk, anything. You just closed yourself off. You didn't even talk to us! You just spent all day on the impala and shooting. That's not really handling it, Dean. You know maybe some space between you in Cas won't be bad. You'll still see each other." He said.
Castiel laughed softly, "I can't imagine you with long hair." He said. "I like your hair this way." He smiled. Castiel pulled back a little to look at Dean. He lightly touched his cheeks, "I like your freckles too." He said in awe. "They are scattered across your cheeks and nose and there are so many." He lightly ran his fingers on them.
Dean smiled softly, not minding going over to pick Cas up again in the least. He walked over to the table and sat down, situating Cas on his lap and keeping one arm behind his back to help him sit comfortably. "There, how's that? Am I a good enough chair?" He asked, grinning as he got the food out with his spare hand.
Castiel wrapped himself around Dean's hand and played with his fingers as he looked down at his hands. "I am not a pervert Dean." he replied. "I am just curious." he explained. "I have seen mostly every part of your body, yet you hide that part from me. You don't need to feel embarrass Dean, I will treat you the same no matter what." he told him as he looked up at Dean seriously.
"Skip gym." Charlie supplied. "I could you know...give a word in the nurse for you." she said. "I mean, not like we do anything important in gym anyways. I think you can live with skipping a period. Maybe you should go talk to the coach now so he knows what's happening then you can skip it." she told him.
Dean was relieved that Cas let it go for now, although he still wasn't looking forward to the talk. He made his way to his next class, and he knew that they would be out of class soon and that Cas would probably bring it up again as soon as they were alone.
Castiel shook his head, "It's just me. No one else comes home." He replied.
"I get to ask you next time, I get to ask you for my first date asking you." Castiel smiled. "I'll look forward to when you ask though." he said. He squeezed Dean's hand gently, "This was a perfect and memorable night Dean. I'm glad I spent it with you." he looked over at him.
Castiel smiled, "Okay. I'll be sure to do that." He said. "I will be sure to keep a moderation to not distract you too much and you get in trouble." He added. He kissed Dean again, "You should sleep if you have school."
Castiel stayed curled around Dean the next morning, not wanting to get up. He was warm and everyone else was just the same. Dean woke up slowly, feeling the warmth of Cas beside him and smiling slightly as he shifted slightly against him. For a few moments he forgot he was on the floor surrounded by his friends and just stayed snuggled against Cas until he woke up more and actually opened his eyes.
Castiel had woken up, but he didn't sense Dean in the house so he figured he left and that made him worried and nervous. He heard the door open and Dean walked in so he called to him but Dean was deep in thought to hear him. He swam to the top and opened the lid before climbing out and jumping down onto the bed. He climbed onto Dean's leg and looked up at him. The smell of Lisa clung onto him and it made a rush of possessiveness and fear run through him.
Castiel woke up earlier than he usually did the next morning. He glanced at all the sleeping figures around him and smiled. He slowly moved away from Dean, going to go get ready before he was going to make breakfast.
Castiel made an embarrassed sound, "I'm sorry. I gave you brownies." he said to Gabriel.
Charlie nodded, "Yeah! But one sec." she said. She looked back at Gabriel and Sam, "So bets in, when do you think they'll do it?" she asked.
Dean smiled as he watched Cas rearrange them, thinking that the amount of time and thought he was putting into was really endearing. He walked over to stand beside Cas when he was done and admired his handiwork. "Looks good. I bet Santa will be so impressed that he gives us extra stuff." He replied with a grin, looking down at Cas.
“Yeah, yeah.” Sam waved his hand slightly at what he said, deciding not to continue on the topic. “Jess wishes us to be safe.” he told Dean.
Dean arched against Cas, his chest brushing against Cas's back with every motion. One hand clutched at the wall beside Cas's head while the other reached around to stroke him in time. He bit Cas's neck and sucked as Dean increased his thrusting, pressing Cas against the wall each time.
"I know we can." Castiel replied before shouldering his bag and following Dean to the impala and they got in. Castiel held his hand while they drove there before sitting in the car with Dean. "I have history first. What do you have? Is it close?" He asked.
“Shhh Cas….i know.” Dean brushed his hair again. “I wasn’t going to keep you waiting forever….not this time.”
“Cas, god, baby. For someone as smart as you, you are an idiot.” Dean laughed quietly, “I’m talking about you, Cas. I fell in love with you. Since that day you took care of me….listened to me rant, help me with my homework, going out to lunches, having breakfast in your lab. I...I loved you. Always have. Not because of your potion Cas. I loved you from that day and it has grown since then. And I will continue loving you more and more if you’ll let me….just no more potions.”
Anna didn't bother stopping him, he was going to have to stay regardless so might as well allow him to walk Dean out. Gabriel sighed, sitting down in the chair. Castiel took Dean's hand and walked them back upstairs.
Castiel nodded before crawling over to the side where Dean can see him more easily. "Dean!" he called excitedly. "Dean! Dinner is ready!" he squeaked.
Dean's eyes opened and his brows knitted together in confusion. "Wait, what? What's going on?" He asked as he sat up, concern clearly apparent in his face. He could tell that something wrong, and he didn't like the sound of Cas not returning for a few nights.
"So what did you call me over for? You said it was urgent. That I had to see it to "believe it"." Sam laughed, quoting Dean's words.
Castiel looked at him, knowing that at least he was in Dean's class. "Art." he said.
"I think they like me or at least from what I gathered they do." he said. He looked over at Dean, "I feel comfortable here, it's nice. Is that weird? I've only been here once. Well inside, once." he said.
Dean's breathing became more erratic as Cas slipped his hand inside his pants. Every part of him wanted to roll his hips against Cas, arch up against his hands on Dean's chest, run his hands over Cas's skin. He moaned softly and rocked slightly against Cas's hand automatically before he managed to stop himself, clenching and unclenching his hands on the sheets since that was the only movement he was allowed.
Castiel smiled, he remembered everything that he ever went through with Dean. He leaned up again, reaching up and touching Dean's cheek and kissing him softly. "I love you Dean." he said quietly. He knew they could easily fall into any conversation of affection and the feelings are always the same.
Dean tensed, his temper immediately spiking at the mere mention of Cas. He started to make another retort to tell them to leave Cas alone, but he knew that he would probably only make it worse for both of them. "He'll get worse than me, huh? Why's that? I'm the fun one to throw a few punches at. Come on, I'm practically asking you to." He said instead, opening his arms slightly as if in invitation. He had no idea if they would actually believe him, but any discouragement from hurting Cas was worth a try.
Dean leaned over a little, to see what made the little guy so riled up. "What's the matter buddy?" he said as he walked over.
"I mean that I... I lied to Jess about getting an interview for Stanford law."
John chuckled and interrupted him before he could continue. "Son, from what you've told me about her, I'll be sure to check on her right away. I'm only a state away from California, so I'll be able to get to the hospital near Stanford tonight. From there, I'll check if this Nikita Yuson is still checked in the hospital. If she's not, I'll be able to find her with her name anyway, and it looks like she resides in California so it'll be easier to track her family than your mother's killer."
Castiel decided to speak up. "Actually, Dean, there are places such as California that have numerous students who are around your age and older attending community college and transferring to a university institution for education. It is not too late for you to achieve this education your father speaks of. Remember: I raised you from Perdition and rebuilt your body. I know almost everything about you and I feel you have potential for a degree in engineering."
Abby screeched and crawled further backwards at the pillows of her bed. She watched in shock as a young Asian teenager glared at her father's figure and pulled out a gun hidden from inside her yellow trenchcoat. She shot the man in the chest, causing an orange glow from his body.
The Piper Boy smirked at her and played a few notes on the pipe. Immediately it shifted into a huge wooden sword. Both teens gaped at the smug Zanna.
"Dean?"
"What're you looking for?"
Sam shook his head. "Wait a minute! We have a bigger issue here - what are you doing here, Dad?! You're supposed to be in Heaven with Mom!" He shouted indignantly.
Sitting on Gabriel's right side was Castiel, who looked very smug.
All three people glared at the Piper Boy, who frantically surveyed his surroundings. He winced at feeling the rougher ground of nature under his bare feet.
He decided to blame this on Azazel as well. And Lucifer, because he created the damn angel who fell with him.
"HOLY SHIT SHE'S HOT! WHO THE FUCK NAMES THEIR KID
John looked up at the question and turned to Nikita, who sat beside him in the library. They both sat in front of the computer looking through old scanned newspaper articles of fires. During the trip to the library John gave a crash course on the supernatural creatures in the world. He was slightly alarmed to find Nikita smiling in response when he asked earlier if she was afraid of him now. This quickly led to him teaching her how to research spirits or other strange occurrences.
Abby's eyes widened in awe for a long moment, but then flinched as she overheard drunken screaming from below her room floor. It was the voice of her mother.
Dean chuckled and leaned back against the headboard of his bed inside his room at the Bunker. Castiel laid beside him and made sure the door was closed, but not locked. "I told you, once they realize and peek into our room to find us snuggling is when we'll make the announcements."
John stared at Sam's new upgrade on his laptop. "This is kinda moving too fast for me... how do you use the cursor on this doo-hickey?"
Nikita grunted softly in reply and John couldn't help but chuckle as he looked for a glass of water somewhere. He found a small cup of water that only had a little bit of water. He frowned at the dust collecting around the cup on the table beside the bed. "How long was it since your last cup of water?"
Needless to say, those children's parents were now very upset upon seeing who signed which contract for what clauses.
John had growled and managed to rib a new one at Gabriel's disposal, tossing him into a ring of holy water fire after he was done yelling.
John sighed and leaned his head against the window. "Did he die honorably, at least?"
The man sighed but nodded reluctantly. "Okay, we're married now. We have to find jobs for both of us." Dean turned to his father. "Can't Sam find a job with us?"
Dean glared at him. "Duh, and bonus points on Clara and Jack being hot."
"ALRIGHT ALREADY!" Gabriel yelled back and pushed his stash back in the secret compartment of his bed. He muttered to himself, "Damn Winchesters... they're like bloodhounds..."
The boy was thrown off of his playing and coughed, sputtering as he tried to get rid of the salty particles on him. Nikita noticed he wasn't burning. "What the hell, lady?! You trying to blind me?!" He yelled at her.
Of course John Winchester would ask that.
Nikita had so many questions for the Piper Boy - the two important ones being A) Who or what are you? and B) How did you get out of my dreams?... The mysterious boy never once answered her question directly.
Nikita's eyes widened in shock. When she spoke, it was obvious that her voice was sore. As soon as she could move her hands, John planned to have her write her responses instead so she could heal her voice.
At that time, John was more focused on one particular demon after he sent the others to Hell. Nikita had been the one to free the victims and helped them with their lack of memory loss. Apparently they were just as displeased with the children who officially made the demon deals for petty greedy things such as a new car, a new girl/boyfriend, more money, inheritance of land, etc.
The doctor shook his head. "That's not the worse part. The child received a heat stroke due from her job as a transporter for packages. It's technically not really a job, since she won't be earning money. I recently found out from a couple of cops who came here yesterday to interview her that the parents paid for Mary Anne's hospital bills first before Nikita's. Because the family doesn't have enough money, they made Nikita find a job in town as the family left with Mary Anne to Los Angeles for more medical treatment. She fainted in front of her boss after three hours of driving in this heat with traffic. Luckily the police were nearby when she fainted."
The young woman in question hesitantly walked out of her bedroom with a familiar tall figure holding her hand. Dean's eyes widened.
He still had an obligation to protect Sammy.
Benny's eyes widened and he shook his head, backing away from him. "I can't... the hunger... it'll be too much again..."
"Yes. I had sex with a reaper named April, but sadly I did not know she was a reaper at the time until she attempted to kill me." There was a pause in Castiel's voice. "I believe she did kill me until...
Dean looked up from under the hood of a blue 1968 Ford Mustang Shelby GT500 and stared right at Sam. "You're still pissed that her Piper Buddy gave it away, aren't you?"
The angel noticed the heavy stares at him and turned toward Dean. "I may have taken you too literally."
Dean did not like his father's grin. Not one bit.
"Hey, Blondie! Where'd you go? We were just having fun!"
"Then what the hell do you mean?!"
, where people associated with the Doctor or Torchwood can study all of time travel and alternative dimensions in numerous universes (3 floors - has wide basement for scientific experiments); a yellow building with a Renaissance architectural structure for the
The next day Dean was surprised to find his dad walking back into the hotel room. "Dad? Back so soon?"
It occurred to me that I rewrote the entire fucking Season 11, not bringing out God and the Darkness. The bad guys are Rowena and Metatron. Not sure if I want to bring them into focus because of the flow in this story plot... probably not. I've got too many characters I crossed over to focus on and now I'm reaping the decision by trying to charge my creative juices to flow nicely in writing.
That's when Sam noticed how his brother started to shake and his hand almost reached for the door handle. Dean was going to run.
John grew silent for a brief moment and shook his head.
The angel furrowed his eyebrows at Dean. "Why can't Gabriel use his grace to make clothes appear for your father and sister?"
"So you know she's been calling for help with no one replying to her when there was a drunk young man who beat her and tried to have his way with her?" Dean asked in a deadpanned tone. Gabriel's eyes widened at that with rage.
Nikki pressed her open cut below where Bela's cut was, and immediately Bela started form into a soul ball. The young Asian teen grinned. "See you on the topside!" She cheered, which made Benny mentally go through dejavu at the same scene where Dean said the same thing when absorbing Benny's soul. He watched as the soul ball was sucked into Nikki's arm.
Nikita blinked slowly in her slumber to stare up at a stranger in the dark room and scream.
The doctor looked confused. "Do you know Sam Winchester?"
Nikita's cheeks flushed in embarrassment, but encouragement from the imaginary "Piper Boy" sitting beside her gave her some confidence to stand up and walk to the board. Just when someone stuck out his foot at the last second to make Nikita trip, the Piper Boy frowned and quickly grabbed Nikita's arm, slightly jerking her away from tripping on anything on the ground. She glanced at the foot and blushed more, letting the Piper Boy lead her to the chalkboard without tripping.
The elderly Winchester perked up at the questionable offer. "That would be splendid! Excellent work, Nikki." He reached over in his duffel bag to pull out a thick leather book with worn out pages. "Which reminds me - happy birthday, kiddo."
Sam slammed the brakes, sending everyone suddenly moving forward in their seats. Dean and John shouted profanities at Sam's driving skills while Castiel and Gabriel remained unfazed. The taller Winchester stared at his brother in shock.
His staff that he hired were few but of trustworthy quality. One was an angel in a human male vessel, whose name was Zuriel and he appreciated learning about the beauty of cars and how to fix the engines to make them work. Zuriel insisted on Dean using his pay to save up for Nikita's college fund, to which Dean reluctantly agreed (only because the topic of family was brought up - if it hadn't Zuriel would have ended up with monthly pay). Dean found it funny that Zuriel also had a fascination with belts, because he kept wearing a different color or style of belt every single day. (It helped that Dean decided to not have uniforms for his employees.)
Castiel sighed without looking up from the food processor. "Sam, how may I help you?"
(See the end of the chapter for
, he thought rationally to himself. Besides, he had to celebrate the new couple and engagement. He patted Castiel on the shoulder. "Thanks, buddy, and for what it's worth, congratulations again on the engagement." He grinned at the angel before turning back to the research on the table. "Maybe we should table this hunt for now. Has it been hurting people lately?"
Sam glanced at Dean and focused on the road with wide eyes. Did his father know that he was listening in, is that why he brought up the subject?
"Apparently she was put up for adoption in Australia as a newly born baby and was named by one of the nuns at a nearby church. They unfortunately focus on meanings of the names rather than the less weird things you could name yourself."
"Yes, Dean?"
Gabriel laughed and shook his head, pulling out a lollipop and sucking it. Sam noticed that that was the 20th piece of candy Gabriel had been eating and made a face when he turned towards him more. The archangel ignored him for John's attention. "True love doesn't have to be romantic. It could be a kiss on the cheek or forehead from a loved one, like family or a close friend who cares deeply."
Apparently it seemed that Castiel caught him in the act because next thing anyone knew, the angel popped (or in Castiel's case "flew") right between the brothers to place a hand gently on Dean's shoulder. "No one judges you. Not my Father, and definitely not yours," Castiel spoke softly in his deep voice, in a tone that sounded so caring that Sam can't even recall when he ever heard the angel speak that way with anyone. "If you wish to spend romantic or lustful times with women more than men, it doesn't mean that you are not straight. Think of yourself as more a flexible man, Dean. Your family will not judge you."
Sam contemplated on this and slowly nodded with a determined look in his eye. "You're on."
Castiel stared at Dean's back for a moment before following him while muttering, "This is probably moving too fast for Dean..."
"...he told me his father kicked him out of the house for wanting to go to college..."
I'm adding two very special villains from the recent season of Supernatural, along with a tiny fairytale twist. ;)
Dean's face brightened at the prospect of staying away from the hot scorching sun of the Californian desert. Sam, on the other hand, sulked.
John shook his head as he printed out a newspaper article he found relative to his main important case. "I already gave my son coordinates to come over. They'll expect me to be here but I'll be gone. They'll be the ones to solve our case." He pointed at the computer screen. "This is the reason how I got into hunting the supernatural. If you're traveling with me as I take care of you, you gotta learn how to defend and protect my back in return. I know you're young, but I can tell you're a strong fighter." He turned to the 13 year old girl. "So? What do you say? Shall we hunt for the Yellow Eyed Demon together?"
For the past five hours, everyone in the group was caught up in Purgatory with what was missed on Earth. Bela started her story with her painful childhood, leading to her temporary save with a demon deal and cold-hearted ways to her death, which highlighted the Winchesters in a negative light. Nikki and Benny had to reassure that Dean Winchester was a changed man for the good, and so could Bela. Bela hesitantly nodded and stood by Nikki's side instinctively.
"Because it's not every day you get the sudden news that you have two adopted nieces from your baby brother that you can possibly spoil with candy!"
"Shh... don't ever call those cookies that name," Crowley informed her in a whisper. "Aussies apparently don't like that... and she improvised the ingredients anyway, so those cookies are not what you're thinking they are." With that, he stepped away from the doorway and silently left after checking his Rolex watch, indicating that it had already been one hour since the hybrid humans left for Hell.
"Go choke on your feathers, chuckles. I'll contact you soon for an update." Crowley then abruptly hung up afterwards.
Fast forward to the present (2015), Gabriel manages to break free of Metatron's grasp when Metatron's grace was removed. He quickly has caught up on the Winchesters issues (damn it not again) because of Metatron and decides to call in reinforcements from Heaven - and the person is NOT who anyone expects.
Sam sighed and leaned against the seat. "I know, but recently I helped Jess out at the pediatric ward for charity week at Stanford... it was in September. There was a 13 year old girl who had a broken left arm and bruises on her face and arms. I hid at the front door of her room because her parents were standing at the foot of the bed, hissing threats at her and blaming her for her older sister's coma state. I checked up her records and her sister is 22 in the floor above the pediatric floor of the hospital. She was in a coma due to alcohol poisoning and a car crash, which should have killed her. It didn't because she was in the passenger seat."
he thought to himself then perked up at a sudden thought. He turned towards Gabriel, who already climbed into the backseat and started eating a chocolate covered pretzel. "Gabriel! Can't you stop them from being offtrack? Tell them that I don't have to go to school anymore so we can go find the poor girl!"
"Yeah?" He responded after finishing packing. He didn't think he was going to take any books except for printed pages, so that was enough for him.
Jody noticed the small exchange and gestured to her young charge. "See? This is another reason why I fully supported her going to college, specifically around these neck of the woods."
Dean groaned and wiped his face with his hand. His fiance was right. It wasn't morally right to leave Bela in Hell after what they've recently learned about her and why she chose her paths the way she did. He nodded to Gabriel, who grabbed the phone from the table to talk to Crowley.
Crowley sighed into the phone. "The boy won't stop surfing, though I could see he uses his powers to draw the waves to him and keep all the sea monsters away. He really likes it here."
Everyone in the car stared at him with incredulous looks, except for Sam, who was too busy trying to drive in the dark night... or daylight. One could never know with the Darkness spreading around the world.
Everyone peeked into the kitchen by the doorway to see Angie smiling softly while cooking up a storm. Already on the kitchen counter-top table were a bunch of homemade Australian meals such as...
*Amaretti cookies recipe: http://www.simplyrecipes.com/recipes/amaretti_cookies/
John hesitantly grabbed the sheet of paper and unfolded it. His eyes widened and he nearly shed tears. "This is Mary's handwriting..." he mentioned with a soft tone in his voice.
"...hey," Jody started in a whisper, "Aren't those ANZAC - "
Everyone is settling in after 2016 began and Project Destiel has not happened yet.
He has nearly a year to go before he turns 18 - legal adult age.
"I know! Goddamnit!" Dean growled and hit the gas pedal with his foot, driving even more faster.
"...so I'm a Man of Letters as well?"
Sam smiled softly and patted her on the back. "Well, you have all the time in the world to think about it. Also... could you pass on a message that I said hi to Sully?"
"I ain't got nothin' but time, child," the vampire chuckled softly and scratched his head. "The name's Benny, by the way. If you're friends of Dean, then count me in."
John snorted in reply. "Kid, it's St. Patrick's Day and there was a discount for group parties... also snuck in a little sweetening by mentioning my own son is getting married to a guy, and the lady I talked to happened to be pro-LGBTQA+, so..."
"Okay, the plan is still on. Bela is going to be saved, but who do we have next to save? I know no one from Hell."
The rest of the family smiled at each other.
John frowned deeply. "You're a demon?" He asked Crowley.
For example, I was going to make this fic into a series, where the sequel would be the OC (Nikki) going to meet her mysterious Pied Piper in some shape or form, and the visual muses were an AU version of SHINee. (Spoiler alert.)
, Dean thought to himself. His eyebrows furrowed in thought.
"Tell me why this was a good idea again?"
The hunter-turned-mechanic sat up straight and pulled Ben into a hug. "What... how.... I didn't even know - "
"Sammy, let it go. You said it yourself - Sulli told you about how new Zannas work and how they don't even have a name yet. Besides, we've found out before that they aren't bad creatures," Dean countered as he backed up from the vehicle to close the hood. "Besides, this kid seems to be like a special Zanna - almost like a genie! Make three wishes and he'll be free!" He chuckled softly, earning a resigned grunt from his brother.
The blonde teenager saw the small young girl hiding behind a slightly tall man with a gruffy beard. Claire turned to Castiel and pointed at the man. "Who's he and the girl behind him?"
With hesitance, he pressed speed dial #2 and waited for his elder son to pick up. He only had to wait for two rings.
"Emu." John flatly stated, but maintained the soft voice so as to not let Angie hear him. "I saw her pull out a headless emu from her humongous purse earlier."
"What about Dean?"
Sam looked across the table at his father with a sad smile on his face. "Did she say how is she? When Dean and I went to Heaven, Ash couldn't find mom."
Sam quickly whipped out his phone and went through his gallery photos. "I know chances of this are 1 in a million, but is this her?" He asked in wonder as he showed his brother his phone. The picture consisted of Sam smiling happily beside the same description of a girl Dean made, except she grew more in her early preteen stage but was still pretty small. In comparison to Sam's puppy smile, she only had a weak small one for the camera. Her face had a few bruises and she also had a cast for her left arm.
Everyone sitting at the table, minus Dean and Castiel since they had work, jumped in their seats over the random archangel popping into the room. They all glanced at him before shifting their gazes towards the paper on the table.
"This is the place..." John breathed out with a soft tone in his voice that made the boys (and angels) turn their heads to look at him. He slowly walked toward the cabin and glanced around for something.
"...seriously, I'm nine years gone on Earth and so much shit like this is makin' me think I'm in Back To The Future."
The red-headed witch sighed as she patted herself down to remove the dirt off her dark maroon velvet dress. "That sort of power felt like a spell, but the essence of the power was unrecognizable to me, so I may be wrong," she paused and smiled wickedly at the short man beside her. "...but at least we helped with the timeline to move forward. The place here looks the same."
Also I do have Latin fail. I tried to say, "Defend this home against all who give ill intentions. Awaken for the kiss of true love." I swear I did not use Google Translate but it was a word for word online translator helping me with this pretend spell chant.
Dean frowned. "What are you talking about? Isn't Claire gonna get that full college experience like Stanford man over here?" He asked as he gestured to his younger brother, who merely watched Jody and wanted to know what Jody was talking about, too.
The eldest brother turned to him with a glint in his eye as he glared at him. "We already discussed this - no chic flicks! I know I wasn't the ideal brother you grew up with, but you didn't have to shut me out when you went to Stanford - "
John and Nikita looked over at the rest of the guys in confusion. Dean ignored everyone as he ran up the stairs to open the door. Seeing how he had his hand still eloped with Castiel's, he managed to drag him over to the door. The angel didn't seem to mind being lead anywhere.
Gabriel nodded at John's question (sounded more like a demand) and scanned his eyes around the Impala. Due to his short size, he was able to call middle seat in the backseat area of the vehicle. Dean was driving while Sam was typically at the passenger side. On his left sat the legendary John Winchester, who he recently brought back to the living permanently. He considered bringing Mary, but as it turns out she didn't want to leave Heaven. Mary told Gabriel that she recently heard from Ash and the Harvelles about Bobby Smith's capture in Heaven, so she's sticking around to help free and hide him before searching for Karen, Bobby's wife.
Sulli peeked into the room slowly and pointed at the couple's matching rings. "See? They're engaged!" He cheered happily and skipped off, preferably to be away from the gun-trigger-happy fellow named Sam Winchester.
"Gabriel did what? ...which boy was this, again? ...I see... your uncle even got Sam in jail? With a professor? ...alright, but explain to me again how Gabriel managed to secure a rocket launcher on the roof of a fraternity building without security around..."
Castiel smiled at the warm press against his cheek. He kissed him back, but on the lips, in playful retaliation. "By the way, Hannah is helping John with collecting the bets in Heaven first before dealing with people on Earth."
John snorted and pulled out a worn out journal from one of the bookshelves behind him. "You started the bet with Bobby and the Harvelles, Sam, and now everyone took a turn in it." He opened the journal and shoved it towards Sam's direction on the table so he could take it. "I'm only gonna act as mediator. Apparently your mom wrote that people from Heaven want a piece of that bet still."
As Dean parked the car in front of a grocery store, Castiel sat up straight once a thought had suddenly occurred to him. The hunter noticed his friend's posture and turned to towards him. "You okay, Cas?"
"...well that was weird. What triggered it?" Dean asked the others.
If he reported to Child Protection Services now, he and Sammy would be torn away from their father and torn from each other in the foster care system.
When he turned to watch Jesse scan the numerous cavern hallways surrounding them, the Zanna teen blushed slightly seeing how well-toned the cambion's arms were with the sleeveless dark blue shirt and tight denim-cut jeans, paired with leather boots and wings that have sharp talons at every corner point. Jesse's hair had the short beach-surfer hair look going on for him, and before he could analyze on the slight freckles on his face he heard someone clear their throat and turned in embarrassment at Nikki's deadpan stare.
Bela hesitantly nodded and grabbed the angel blade offered to her and cut her own arm deep, also not making any noises. Benny turned towards the other male beings and they silently agreed to also watch out for her safety.
"Nikita, go throw the knife away. Hopefully CPS isn't around - last time I checked they were having a drink with the owner in the main cafeteria of the ranch resort," the father ordered someone and grumbled near the wall, where Dean could hear the words "How the hell is there a knife hidden in this place?"
Castiel, Crowley, and Gabriel glanced at each other after the last human left the main room of the Bunker.
Dean snorted and shook his head. "Sure, why not?"
Nikita's eyes widened in fear and concern for John and his boys while she quickly drew a rune with her blood on the floor. This would ensure the spell that the cabin should be protected with her in it and no one else.
The burly man grinned at them. "You know, the last time I laughed like this in this place was the last time a human was here."
All of a sudden she saw the closet door open. Her eyes widened at the drunken man around her age find her with lust in his eyes. "NO!" She screeched as she backed further into a wall. She screamed for her uncles, but she knew from an earlier phone call that Sam got arrested for indecency to the public (he took a liking to a professor on campus and she really liked him) and Gabriel was attentive to the party at hand, despite the latter being an archangel (the being wasn't exactly all-knowing like his Father).
Dean glanced at the sad angel then at everyone else in and around the kitchen. "Alright, everybody out!" He ordered with a frown on his face. "You don't deserve dessert if you made my angel cry."
Enjoy this chapter! :)
The landline phone of the Bunker rang a few times. Everyone stopped what they were doing and glanced at the phone ringing.
John slowly parked at the nearest motel he could find and turned to his young companion. "Angel as in Heaven? There's no such thing as angels, honey."
Crowley saw the liquid and clung onto Castiel, who long ago was no longer under a dog attack spell for Crowley's head. "I would very much like an alcoholic beverage and not water, thank you very much."
"Hey! I did alright, and so did Cassie!" Gabriel protested in a whine.
Nikita quickly draws up the spell to protect her and the cabin, causing Rowena and Metatron to forget her and focus on erasing the Winchester family's memories of her with the lack of time they had. After being booted out of the time frame, they reluctantly relish in one small accomplishment and try drawing plans for the present. The Winchesters wake up on reset and live their lives.
Gabriel ignored all this and continued to try small chatting as he helped put special runes around Claire's personal dorm room. "Besides, as long as you don't stick your dick in anyone's body, especially Claire, then there are chances she won't die."
"I enjoyed peanut butter and jelly sandwiches without the taste of molecules in particular," Castiel replied with a slight joyful tone in his deep raspy voice, which made Sam wonder if Castiel still misses humanity. "I also enjoyed warm showers with great water pressure and hedonism."
"....Sam? Dean?" Claire called out as she turned back to the Winchesters. "Your lives are fucking weird."
"Oh, no you are not doing that! You're going to school!" John happily tore the sheets away from his daughter's body, causing her to screeched and roll off the bed in protest. "No!!! I will NOT go to school! They'll all make fun of me!" She shouted excuses while laying on the floor.
"Right around the time you saved me." She gave him a cocky grin.
John, who was pretending to be an FBI agent named Jeffrey Morgan, looked genuinely shocked. "Sammy as a lawyer? For Child Protection Services?"
Nikki took a deep breath and nodded, feeling slightly nervous for the trip ahead of her. No one is excited for Hell, after all.
His elder brother stared at him in surprise. "Isn't that weird? After our childhood?"
Rowena glared at him. "You never had felt her power in the first place BECAUSE YOU ARE HUMAN NOW, YOU WEE LITTLE INGRATE!" She let out a frustrated sigh. "Let's just find a way to read the damn demon tablet you got there, lad."
"I have Claire's clothes in my trunk. She wants to be with her family." Jody bluntly spoke with a small smile on her face. "She's a joy to have around, but it's hard for her to be disciplined unless I mention either of you Winchesters or Cas here."
"Who're you, kids?"
and Richard the nurse?"
"Oh shit."
John's eyes widened in panic at Gabriel and nodded before turning to the young Asian girl. "Baby, I'm so sorry..." He whispered breathlessly, nearly tearing as he carefully gathered the frozen girl into his embrace more. His lips gently kissed her forehead, and that's when a miracle happened.
Sam's eyes widened in realization. "Shit! I forgot to mention - Dean and I have made some friends in the past several years... like I said earlier not
Sam nodded. "You know, I think I remember this girl at this hospital... Jess used to always intern there for the summer and I would often visit. This was taken during the summer before Jess died..." Sam trailed off and looked down at Dean funny. "Since when do you analyze genetic structure on people?" His eyes widened in horror. "Oh no,
Nikki frowned and shook his head. "I remember finding a potion in my book about removing the hunger for 'loin-pig' from supernatural creatures and cannibals. We can help you!" She exclaimed, suddenly drawing attention in the forest with how the portal is still open on display, making loud noises for creatures nearby to hear.
"Nikki! I'm so sorry, baby!" He called out softly with a couple of nicknames. Over the past few months since he saw his sons meet the little girl for a brief moment, he knew what he wanted. He wanted to adopt Nikita.
"Because my charge has to either name me or wish the perfect wish for me to do so. So far, I haven't met a kid that could do that." The Piper Boy spoke softly in a moment of sadness that Nikita couldn't help but sit uncomfortably. Before she could speak up more, her surrogate father rushed into the kitchen.
The burly man chuckled and gestured to himself. "Vampire."
"...yeah, well, we should have known. We should have investigated further in her case before calling her a bitch and dismissing it." Dean grumbled and rubbed his forehead. The sooner they get to Salvation, Iowa, the sooner that they could spring Bela out so he could apologize for an eternity.
"I figured there were two females, sir." He then proceeded to tell his father his witness statement of what happened.
"Hah! See guys?! Archangels know better! There's no point!" Dean interrupted with a shout and grin.
It was good for everyone that Castiel spend less time with Crowley.
The young blonde woman who came with Crowley took a deep breath and, with a look of determination on her face, marched into the kitchen. Crowley sighed and turned to Dean. "You're going to need to restock your kitchen - Angie will find a way to cook every single ingredient you have in there."
He told his sons about the idea to do it secretly as a surprise, and they were hesitant at first, but they trusted John's judgment enough about how horrible the Yuson family was to her. When Dean mentioned about the now-adult aged older sister, Mary Anne, John shook his head and quietly mentioned how Mary Anne had also hurt Nikita physically, too, when she couldn't take it out on their parents. The Winchesters brothers looked sick as John shared a quick recap of his honest conversation with the child, as said child quietly snored in the backseat of his truck. (It was most likely the first heartfelt, emotional-revealing conversation he's had with anyone close to him since his wife died.) The boys reluctantly agreed with John's decision to adopt, but only if he makes sure she goes first as priority before any hunt, or else they would hunt him down. John knew his sons had a point so he agreed.
"See? They've manifested so beautifully, too!"
Everyone had just settled in from eating out at the fancy dinner to celebrate the engagement. St. Patrick's Day was almost over, and last they heard from Garth, the leprechaun case was taken care of in the next state over, so nothing should have been happening.
"Seriously, what are you?" Nikita asked again while she glared at the young boy cooking for her. "You can touch things, but people can't see you. I'm passing it off as my imaginary friend of sorts, but you don't seem less human often.
"...so..." Gabriel announced. "...should I tell them that we could just zap their stuff in a millisecond to the Impala and leave? Or better yet, fly all of us into Salvation, Iowa?"
Sam's shoulders drooped as he nodded. "At least he's in Heaven, though..." he mumbled softly, feeling relief at no longer associating what he's seen with Adam as the victim, but rather was Michael.
"So... does Jack look really handsome up close?"
Nikita let out a few soft giggles, causing John to crack a grin on his face. "Alright then, Doc. I'll be seeing ya soon, maybe never. I'll be sure to give you a call if I need it." He waved the medical instructions given by Dr. Harkness earlier. The doctor smiled and waved as he watched the supposed FBI agent and patient leave to a big black truck with Richard, who carried the stupid pink umbrella so that Nikita would have shade.
Nikita nodded slightly and turned back to the teacher, who started to drone on about Mark Twain's
Castiel raised an eyebrow at the brothers after taking a glance at the birth certificate. He shook his head and left to go find his brother and John Winchester.
"I AM GOING TO KILL YOU!"
John silently approved of his future son-in-law taking the hit for his son. Claire muttered to herself on how brave her pseudo-father is. Sam, however, looked horrified.
Sam shrugged and groggily headed to the bathroom. Dean grabbed his phone and pressed speed dial. He was surprised when his father did pick up. "Dad? Are you okay?"
Sam looked very concerned at Dean and nodded. "Okay, maybe that's why we both feel this way. We'll leave as soon as I take a shower. You can go call Dad and see if he could actually pick up."
Sam frowned at him. "Dude, that's cheating! They have to realize it naturally!"
"Dean's passed out and he has a biological son. I'm an official grandfather!" He yelled out with joy and grabbed his daughter to spin her around, causing her to laugh out of shock and at the same time worry for her brother.
She looked up at him and showed him the book. "I found a name for the demon you're looking for."
"But - " John started to respond, but luckily for Sam's mild temper still for his father, the dentist walked out of her office and smiled kindly at them. "Hello, my name is Doctor Granger and I'm here to examine Miss Nikita Yuson-Clapton?" She greeted herself and asked about her patient at the same time.
John nodded and patted his back. "Go check on Sam while I go check out what's going on, okay?"
Claire nodded along with Jody's words and looked over at the Team Free Will men with wide puppy eyes. Dean frowned. "Dammit, did Sammy teach you that?!" He earned a bitch face from said man.
The two fought that day and were in equal footing, though Dean ignored the physical injuries he received. Zuriel and Jack had interfered at the time and made Max calm down enough to obtain enough information to look it up from Jack's weird computer in the garage during lunch break. Dean was a bit disturbed that there were two clones with his DNA with similar barcodes like Max's, and was even more disturbed when one of them (Max briefly explained "He's my brother, Ben..." when she saw the barcode and picture of X5-493 on Jack's computer screen.) died at his employee's hands and had been a delusional case talking about the Blue Lady.
Everyone in class quickly packed up and scrambled of the classroom.
Dean looked extremely shocked at the boy before the stress overtook him and his vision turned black.
"Come again?" asked John.
"Son, I also got a warning from Bobby in the call about the next hunt... they said someone appeared to look like a younger version of you running around, so I don't want to risk you getting caught by the police out of nowhere. I'll stay with you guys this time while hunting so I can keep feeding you while teaching you the basic school education stuff."
With the Winchester & Campbell luck, however, the plan always goes sideways and someone else is rescued.
Dean slowly woke up with Castiel sleeping behind him. The hunter smiled at the warmth on his back. He really didn't mind being the little spoon most of the time.
"Nice cover,
"Hey, sweet thang!"
"Claire?" Castiel called out softly. "Come on out, it's me and Dean."
The imaginary friend frowned and groaned. "I told you I don't actually play on the pipe! It's an illusion to mask my actual weapon!"
"...it's not just Jess."
John nodded solemnly. "She really loved learning witchcraft stuff and quickly showed me the 'scientific research' way about it, so I caved in and bought her this ancient book of spells I found for her 14th birthday. Didn't think the spell could work for a human, so her being a Nephilim would make sense of why her previous experiments have worked in a few cases we were in together," he explained his story and sighed deeply. "I promised that girl I'd help take care of her, and I was going to surprise her with the signed forms from her parents. I actually had to buy my way to get them to sign those 'revoke legal guardianship' papers."
"Did she make homemade vegemite?!" Dean whispered in horror, staring at a dark brown paste in a clear glass bowl. He recognized the contents and remembered the horrid taste from Crowley's dare when he became a demon a couple of years prior.
"He's technically my father in all but blood... name's Claire, by the way." She quickly introduced herself and furrowed her eyebrows at him. "He never mentioned having a son."
Dean grunted as he slumped in a chair beside his new husband/angel. He glanced at him and gulped upon seeing a content smile on Castiel's face. "I would gladly help raise your sister, Dean." He informed the hunter.
The Men of Letters College was where the main office was for public eye view. This was decided the place where many regular human students can study and travel through classes. Castiel and Gabriel arranged the place together to be very close-knit so that there would be very few chances of students growing into enemies. Every building was arranged in a circle with the Cathedral building in the center. The infirmary was located in the Wizard building, the weight room and gym in the Transgenic building, the cafeteria and library in the Men of Letters College, and the offices of every professor on campus located in the 5th floor of the Religious Studies building.
"Yeah, I noticed you mentioned that before. Is that a type of euphemism for 'technically mated' or 'married'? Because Gabriel mentioned to me after he brought me back to the living how gay marriage is now legal in the United States."
"Are you sure, Dean?"
Dean had run away when the idea was proposed for the first time. Sam had to capture him.
Sam walked into the kitchen with Sully and Weems trailing after him. The tall man called them over for some help, and they agreed to help him win the bet.
Gabriel sulked and nodded, trailing after the college students and the cops outside, where every now and then you could hear the elephant blowing its trunk.
Overall, his experience as dean of a university was wonderful. The campus itself wasn't regularly large, by his request for Gabriel to create the school, but he had a pretty big expanse of green land for students to explore. There were six tall buildings total in similar yet different structure (Castiel had yet again to supervise Gabriel's actions upon creating the school so there would be nothing replicated from the Harry Potter books.)
Dean picked up the document while Castiel looked over his shoulder. "This is Dad's will, before he forgot he even wrote one." He whispered in amazement as he read on. "It says here that if he ever dies I get full parental rights... he used one of my working aliases to give his guardianship to if he ever passes on..."
In the comfy white lounge chair sat a male human vessel, but Gabriel could read the light on the vessel's grace. His eyes widened in surprise. "Hannah...? What are you...? Please tell me Metatron's gone!" He shouted and scrambled towards her.
