He took several steps closer before he could read one of the sea of signs, “Burn in hell fags.” His eyes widened at the realization that the crowd was an anti-gay group. His fists quickly balled up. “Get them the bloody hell out of here!” he sneered at Lestrade.
Sherlock clutched John’s face with his hands and stared intently into his eyes.
“Oh, no, it’s not that.” He was a tad nervous about telling her the real reason but she looked at him expectantly and he knew he had to elaborate, “Well, there’s this game- online I mean- and I play it at night mostly.”
John thought back to that morning he had been desperate for a solution to his living situation over two years ago. If it hadn’t been for Mike Stamford he wasn’t sure what he would have done. He did have a deep suspicion though. No one had ever questioned how he owned nearly no possessions between the time he left the military and moved in with Sherlock. Just clothing, his laptop, and a loaded gun he kept in top drawer of his desk. The same gun that sat on the mantle besides Sherlock’s skull now. The thought to use it had passed his mind many times since the fall.
"Oh yes, well, I had some unexpected errands this morning."
“Sher-lock…. I am… I mean, there is a way to get me back to my normal size isn’t there?”
John chuckled lightly, “Ah, the jealous type.”
“Eager to start playing eh?”
Sherlock gave a non-committal shrug. “Well, we could just go back to the simple experiments.”
Sherlock wrapped himself around him, “I didn’t mean to. Wake up John, please wake up.”
“Well, just that my friend only comes online at night to play, so that’s when I get on.”
That night Sherlock was back to sulking. John woke and sleepily headed for the kitchen.
“And I know you can’t be his friend, that freak has no friends. So why do you-“
Mycroft quickly looked away, feeling himself heat up even more. He had done that.
Sebastian narrowed his eyes at the statement, “I’m more loyal.”
“I never know what on earth you’re going on about, so just eat up and we can talk about whatever new case you have.”
He looked around and found no way down
“Not that I’m interested or ever will be! You’re really difficult! He’s the one that-“
John flushed, “It’s really not like that.” He peered in the cab at the emotionless masked face staring back. “We have, well, sort of an agreement, not like that. It’s complicated. Just forget all of this today?”
Previously:
. The smell of rotting jam was starting to really bother him, especially on an empty stomach. It bothered John that something he loved so much could cause him such frustration. ‘
Sounded better then ‘messaging you till you came’
"Lestrade! I was just coming over."
Sherlock took John’s hand causing John to grin giddily, “You see, I have all I need already, I was just to slow to see it before.”
Sherlock opened the door but John was already on him, “Oh no you don’t. You are staying out here and letting me bask in your misery.” He aimed for the taller man’s center of gravity but evidently miscalculated and sent them both tumbling for the floor. “Er, sorry about that. Huh, your coat really is too big for you, and here I thought you made everything tailor fit.” He stopped as he saw the detective’s eyes water over. “Hey, I didn’t mean it honest.” John quickly stood and helped Sherlock to his feet.”
Lestrade knew who's car that was. He was forced in one a few years back when he first met Sherlock, he had no idea it was simply the man's significantly over protective brother at the time and he thought he would never be seen or heard from again when he got inside. He flinched at the memory.
“You don’t think… I mean since there was also tea…” John looked away nervously.
Lestrade cleared his throat a bit, “Tortured.”
“Some kid found him like this.” Greg groaned. “He could have been laying there all night. But now we have almost nothing to work with.”
“Shhh.” John pulled the sheet around Sherlock and then got in bed on the other side.
No, neither. Though I’m sure he would be very annoyed if you did come here. But it’s not you John, trust me. –
“You really think I don’t know why you’re here? Bringing my husband coffee?” Grace scoffed.
“Sorry Tobby, you’ll have to find someone else to help you with that.” John pat its head and slid off, followed by Sherlock.
“Uh... I don’t know.”
Sherlock had held it in long enough for the cab to arrive at the crime scene before allowing himself to laugh. “John, you look utterly ridiculous. Its not even raining yet and you look like you’ve prepared for the storm of the century.”
“Zero.”
John nodded, “It took you a while to get me to realize you’re here, and I think I’m mostly gliding on faith at this point, how would we tell him?”
Sherlock looked at where a fuse sat unlit next to a lighter that had surely been set up to light up once the timer was out.
"John?"
"Already told you I'm not going anywhere." He smiled into their next kiss. But as John's hands wandered down Sherlock's torso he could feel the detective's body go rigid. He immediately pulled his hands away. "Sorry… too much?"
"He's a bit under the weather today." Sherlock grinned to himself 'under everything in fact'
John desperately wanted to pull him back up, but he told himself to least see whatever the hell it was that Sherlock was talking about.
“Like hell you are, what on earth are you thinking? That you’ll slip through the crack under the door? I’m not letting you do something so risky.” John was fully prepared to hold him down if he had to.
John stumbled out and fell into the DI with a bit of a flush.
Lestrade couldn’t believe it. John had texted back right away, coherently, and interested. Was he actually fine after all?
His phone lit up again.
“So what, I’m just to do anything you tell me to?”
(all the gay ships...)
Well, I have some now, plus the files on the other two victims. I’m too tied up at the yard right now to bring them over, but you can pick them up any time. –GL
Shall I answer for you
John climbed up the detective’s sleeve, across his collar, and slid down the front till he reached the inner pocket. Inside he found a plain envelope that contained something that bulged it out a bit and-
Sent you something, got your address from the IP address of your computer, hope you enjoy. –SH
with you sometimes, it’s just that I forgive you.”
“John no! I don’t know what’s going on, but I definitely am not causing this…” He didn’t see any logical way of getting that message across to him though.
John sat at the kitchen table, his hand shaking terribly as he lifted his tea cup to take a sip. The flat had never felt so empty before. He nearly jumped out of his seat when he heard Mrs Hudson come in.
“It doesn’t have to change that much. I can still take you places, work together and-“
“Fine. I can wait.”
“John, you can always talk to me if you need to.” His voice was almost a whisper.
“Work, what does she do for work?” Sherlock couldn’t take her eyes off her. There was no telling if Maria would kill this woman here, a simple flick of the wrist with poisoned nails- no, not that, she had been eating a croissant with her bare hands and had no time to equip such a chemical weapon nor fake nails. No, she was planning a longer death for this one just like the last, more showy at that. The deaths had been escalating. A teaser before she was done with Harry.
He dared a peek, he was on a bed, a soft comfortable bed that he actually fit on. "It was a dream… it was all a dream!" he smiled, "Well of course it was a dream, it's impossible to shrink someone." He felt the weight shift on the mattress next to him. "It was all a dream…" his smile quickly faded as his face filled with a longing sadness. He didn't want to look to see who was in bed next to him. Maybe none of what he thought had happened was real, but the feelings were. The way he felt about Sherlock was, but if it was just a dream… then he surely wasn't the one next to him now.
Four words shattered John Watson’s sexual identity.
John sighed. This was a letter he wasn’t looking forward to writing.
“What?”
Sherlock stared at him blankly before idly placing his hands on the wheels at either side of him. “I suppose I should feel guilty, we left the pastries you brought inside, but it seems counter productive to ‘storming out’ if we went back in for them.”
Sherlock’s hold on John faltered when he heard what Sally said. John’s expression fell,
It circled it again, trying to avoid the text by it. John looked at the imaged again, a smiling sun. “Oh!” He grinned.
about it. Well, I’ve never felt guilty about anything, but if I had I think I still wouldn’t now.  John? Why are you smiling? Are you not listening to what I’m saying? Shouldn’t you be mad at me?”
“Oh come on- well, actually that kind of makes sense. Oh I don’t know! It’s the only thing I can think of! That or try to ask the spirit what it wants.”
Does it matter? –
The detective did his best not to cringe. “I see you haven’t found him yet.”
Looking up to see the black flag with a grinning skull on it John remembered back to the day Mycroft asked him what they could deduce about Sherlock’s heart- which as it turned out was quite a lot- but also that while having the mind of a philosopher or a scientist, as a child Sherlock had wanted to be a pirate.
The dials are strangely difficult to press, like they’ve been corroded and hardly work anymore. But he has to call John, needs to tell him to stop worrying.
“John, can you just explain to him why it’s not ok to scared the life out of someone?”
It rained the following day, matching John’s mood. Sherlock hadn’t come back online the night before and he had fallen asleep waiting for him. It wasn’t like he had said he was coming back though… and really there was no need for John to wait for him anyway, but still he had and missed Sherlock dearly.
“He really does.” John chuckled back.
“Good.”
“It doesn’t matter how much someone drinks! That only affects the amount of time it takes!” Moriarty had gone over Sherlock’s notes on the chemical profusely.
“There now. You’ll be all better by morning. I’ll be in the other room working if you need me.”
“It should appear so.” A cup of tea floated upwards on it’s own accord, tipping in the air as liquid poured out quickly disappearing.
“If you are referring to drag clubs then I see no reason why I would want to refrain from going to them more then any other sort of club. Besides, it could be fun.”
“Do you know what that word means?” his eyes were piercing. “A fag is a bundle of sticks you set on fire. That man there is the greatest detective- the greatest person I have ever known. You don’t have the right to even be in his presence.” John practically spat. If it wasn’t for the crime scene tape divided them he likely would have punched one of the many taunting faces.
As if the detective could hear his thoughts, “Mine is in my room, yours was more convenient.”
Lestrade shot Anderson another glare, "Lesbian."
“Oh?” John turned and spied the bag, getting up and sitting at the couch to see what was there. “I need a break from my computer.”
Now the detective was interested. "Oh?"
Sherlock swallowed,
There was a knock at the door, Sherlock ignored the signs of John going pale and went ahead and opened the door.
Sherlock took in a sudden sharp breath, leaning closer into John.
John poked at Sherlock’s soaked pajama pants. “Then… what are you?”
“Like what? A concerned friend? Lots of people are into these thing, honest. It doesn’t make you gay either if that’s what you’re concerned about- not that there’s anything wrong with being gay, or any other orientation.”
“It would have to be someone who would be aware of these other victims popping up, someone who would immediately see the connection and become concerned.”
Chapter 11
“Oi, didn’t you hear what I just said? I said it’s fine, it’s all fine, really. You’re not a freak, it’s normal to be into that sort of thing. Really.”
John paused unsure what was going on, “Oh, uh, thank you?” He walked in.
John gave a soft chuckle, “You are pale.”
Sherlock’s pull away from John went slack and stood their not sure what he was waiting for.
Sherlock huffed loudly and stepped towards her. “I would appreciate it if you would leave my skull alone.”
“It’s already night, can’t it wait till tomorrow?”
“Oh get off it. How did he do it?” her tone was flat.
Sherlock nodded silently.
"What are you...?"
"Not now." Mycroft made a 'shooing' gesture with his hand to indicate for Anthea to leave him be.
“How could you have perfected something without testing it? You don’t even know how you’ve changed it exactly. And Baskerville?! Those people are nuts! I rather have nothing more to do with that place.”
“No… I’m sorry Lock but I have to stop this.” John disentangled himself from the bed and sheets, Sherlock looked up at him confused. “You aren’t in your right mind, it’s the only explanation.”
“I know, it’s alright. I know you didn’t mean for this to happen.”
"Because that's what
Online? –
Is everything ok? xMollyx
"Nothing like kissing." Sherlock was fully spent as he wrapped his arms around John and drifted off from the afterglow.
“What are you-” Greg struggled against them, the suckers marking him there as well now. A fourth tentacle came out, wrapping its length around Greg’s waist. Mycroft attempted to lift him up, but the weight proved to be too much for him as Greg thudded back on to the ground, his head hitting the marble entrance. As much as his head was now ponding, it was useful to remember that these things couldn’t quite lift him. Mycroft huffed in irritation; he didn’t want to injure Gregory. He wasn’t strong enough to lift him yet, but perhaps soon. Until then, he would just have to make due.
John was completely speechless as Sherlock walked off to report his findings on the case to Lestrade.
A few minutes later and the tenting in his pants started to become painful. “Why are we doing this?” his voice was strained.
"Just… warn me first alright?"
“She did when she attempted to make your breakfast and opened the fridge.” Sherlock mused.
Greg’s whole body keened at the friction, how ever slight it was. “More, please, Fuck I need-” He pleaded.
Lestrade was breathing heavy finally caught up “I need you back in there, wait, he wasn’t talking simply because he told you so? Mate, I’m sorry but that’s sorta your own fault.”
Mycorft Holmes made a sexual innuendo? To him? Was this man even the real Mycroft? It seemed absurd to even think, but even his voice was somehow just off. Greg scanned the room, but there was nothing sharp in it. Nothing to even defend one’s self. He eventually looked back at the man who was now only a couple of feet away. His vision adjusting to the darkness finally.
Chapter one:
“Crap, John, there was murder reported there.” He didn’t really want to leave John alone when there seemed to be something strange happening in the flat.
Greg’s phone went off and he glanced down at it, “Sorry, I have to take this.” He answered, seeing it was the station. “Lestrade here.” He seemed to be listening to someone.
John wanted to protest being placed on Sherlock's scarf, he wore it every day and never washed it, the sanitation level was not up to par for him. But as soon as the detective placed him on top and his weight was easily supported by the posh material, he decided against complaining.
Sherlock looked down and didn’t answer. After a moment he looked up quickly “Get down!” he pushed John to the ground and ducked his own head.
"And the week before that every piece of clothing I owned reeked after one of your experiments blew up."
“Oh this is just ridiculous! John, I can’t stand this anymore.” He scrunched his nose up.
“Then I think you should really try working on that.”
There was a faint yawn on there other end of the line, “John? Something up?” Molly’ asked tiredly.
‘And what do you have in mind? I thought you believed yourself and I to be ‘dangerous’ to be around. Are we to battle to the death? Could be amusing.’ –SH
Daniel Rogers
“But salting the bedroom closet is?”
‘To put it simply, it seems our age of maturity is simply later in life and it would be safer for us to mate then wait too long and force ourselves upon someone less capable of dealing with this.’ –MH
“Really Sherlock. I’m alright now. Besides, if you hadn’t caught me in time-“
Sherlock’s brows furrowed a bit in anger for a moment, “Yes… he was… a former /friend/. He was driving us down town to meet someone who had promised he could give us…” he flicked his eyes away from John again. This was far from easy. “…the best high of our lives.”
The moment he was able to leave, John pulled out his cell phone, it blinked with the new message awaiting him.
“John!” Molly scolded him quietly.
“You’re uh, a bit close.”
“Sherlock…” John just stood there a moment before his mind could catch up with him, he sprinted after the detective, “Wait, Sherlock! I- I’m sorry. I didn’t realize I hadn’t, I swear.”
Lestrade was torn. Clearly something wasn’t right. Was Mycroft unstable? Yet, there was something in the way he spoke that chilled him to the core.
As John opened the cupboard, he noticed the salt he had spotted earlier. His hand clenched nervously at his side as the other reached for the salt. He wasn’t sure if it really had any sort of resistance to the supernatural or not, but it wasn’t as if he had a lot of other ghost repellents on hand and there had been something that trapped him in that closet. John’s eyes slid over to where Lestrade was. Would the D.I. be weirded out if he saw a line of salt in front of the closet door? John set it on the counter as he pulled the two plates out.
That fact had eluded Sherlock until this moment. "Oh." He could hear a faint snickering from his coat pocket.
“There’s no blood but… they’re not old cuts, are they?” He was pretty sure they wouldn’t look like this healed, but it didn’t make a whole lot of sense either way.
All John could manage for that morning was making tea and hoping they had a case, meaning he wouldn’t be subject to any of Sherlock’s bizarre and possibly dangerous experiments. “So what are you watching then?”
Sherlock set the computer up in front of John with the folder titled ‘vacation photos’ open. “I’ll let you pick which one you would like to watch.”
“Very mature John. To be fair I think it may have a bit to do with your time taking orders in the military. You’re also very prone to taking orders by me on an average day, such as retrieving my phone for me.” Sherlock could see his flat mate budging uncomfortably under his watch.
“Maria, really, he isn’t here. Where could he possibly be hiding if he was?” Sherlock was smug, possibly too smug.
." Anderson stood a few feet away and had placed a particular emphasis on the 'sister.'
“God John, what happened? I came as soon as I heard the report?”
"Bit sudden."
“I love you John.” He pressed his forehead against the shorter man’s. “Still
Chapter 11
“Y-yes…”
“I’ll be right there,”
I’ll be waiting.- SH
Once inside the flat Sherlock carefully placed John on his laid out scarf on the kitchen table, his eyes were down cast.
The DI blinked. Perhaps he knocked it loose from trying to force the handle. He wasn’t about to question it either way as he finally made it inside.
“Well don’t do it at the crime scene.”
John looked up into those light sea foam green eyes, “We’re in this together then?”
“Shit. I’m sorry- I didn’t think that-“ John was cut off as he was swooped up in Sherlock’s hands and violently attacked by his plush lips landing chaste kisses all of his body.
“I don’t mean acquaintances or how many people you have in your phone book. How many friends do you go and hang out with?”
. “Yes.”
“Sorry, it’s just- it’s been five years since I was in school last, it’s been a bit hard to adjust.” John unconsciously rubbed his bad arm, he could still feel where the bullet ripped into his shoulder.
John snorted, “I know, it’s been this way since…” he went silent. Perhaps Sherlock had been adjusting the heating before, knew whatever trick there was to get it to work.
It’s fine, don’t worry about it, I wont judge you for whatever it is. –JW
John frowned as their meal was interrupted by his phone, it was a reminder that he had promised to see Ella again today since he hadn’t stayed the full session yesterday.
“Have patience.” Moriarty smiled.
“I need nothing of the sort,” His solid black eyes were absolutely piercing.
Greg’s grip loosened, his hands falling back against the bed in an overly relaxed fashion as his whole body felt numbingly weak. Mycroft cupped his face in his hands, watching him drink the fluid down with great satisfaction. Greg was faintly aware that the pounding in his head from where he hit it earlier had died down to nothing.
This was a very unexpected blow. “Uh, not really what I meant.”
Having a Domestic
Literally this chapter is just sex.
Sherlock can’t contain his smile, John is finally home, he can finally tell him he’s fine. He’s not sure what’s gotten in him, perhaps the lack of human interaction of the past two days, but it somehow seems like the most important thing in the world to tell John as soon as possible that he’s here.
Sherlock attempted a few preliminary tests just to make sure John was under and was reacting positively to his demands. Again Sherlock noticed it was going a bit smoother then the first time.
“I know exactly as much as I need to know about them for my work John.”
“There’s no need to apologize.” John tried reassuring him.
“Quite.”
“So, um, not to sound like an idiot… but what exactly do I do with it?” damn it to hell, Sherlock looked like a school boy caught with a dirty magazine, he had to press this another step further. John pulled the box out from under the desk, making sure it was in Sherlock’s view.
John woke early the following morning, his eyes still stinging a bit from the night before. He got up wearily, rubbing his eyes as his vision came back to him. He had gotten as far as the doorway, still clad in his pajamas, when his dream came back to him. It was nearly over whelming. He had the chance to see Sherlock again, talk to him, touch him even, and he had wasted it thinking he was making breakfast. Even if it was just a dream, he hated himself for not taking such a great moment to say so much more.
“I thought you knew better by now then to experiment on yourself.” Mycroft grinned giddily as he approached the shorter Holmes.
“I- I didn’t presume anything! Strike that out!”
“What are you going on about?”
If inconvenient, come online anyway.- SH
“Don’t worry, I know what you mean, not something I really would have bought on my own. Actually, John picked them out for me.”
“What did you, um, make me do exactly?”
“Ahhh- You’re not going to eat me or something are you?”
There was no response as John started eating from Sherlock’s hand again as if it were perfectly normal. “Spine feel funny.” This time when the pastry was gone John began licking Sherlock’s hand.
“Why do I keep ending up in bed with you?” The voice wasn’t necessarily displeased.
Yes. Tell me. –
How's therapy going?- SH
“Ears Sherlock!”
“Sorry, nothing.” He eyed the biscuit.
An hour into the experiment Sherlock’s phone went off.
“Why do you pretend to care about things? Why do you pretend to get mad at me?”
“Mhm?”
Sherlock put his hands up in his classic thinking pose. “You’re right John.”
“Oh.” John was genuinely surprised his flatmate didn’t try it again.
"I'm sorry about Lestrade finding out." his voice was muffled; it always was when he apologized.
“All the more reason. It’s not like anyone would know anyway. Besides, you could solve the case by yourself- what do you say to that?”
“Right… well, Sherlock does like weird gadgets I guess.” The device instantly started going off, rising and falling at a semi regular rate. John couldn’t help but smirk, setting it down on the table so it would have a flat surface. “I think someone already likes it.”
“I thought I was going to explode.” Greg huffed. “I don’t know what you- or the other you was thinking.” His skin felt far too taught.
Greg turned the sink off, worried as to why Mycroft would have left it on for so long, or why the front door was unlocked. That’s when he noticed. A knife block on the kitchen counter, a rather large one with numerous slots for knives. Yet, not a single knife was in it. Had they all been taken out? Even in defense, a person would only need one.
“Deducing men in drag?”
Sherlock cocked his head and straightened his back, looking at John a bit too intensely for the former soldier’s liking. “Ah, so you were doing something. Hmm, you didn’t have enough time to get dressed before you answered, so you weren’t changing your clothes…”
“Well originally they believed something akin to a large predator like creature like a wolf, but I’ve been tinkering with it after all and now I’m really not all that sure.”
Molly’s phone went off.
He wasn’t suppose to have a mental break down in Afghanistan, shooting his own squad in his confusion. He had been dismissed after that of course and likely would have gone to prison for the crime had no one stepped in and as if by magic, got him off from the murder charges he knew he was guilty of. It didn’t make any sense to him, it should have been an open and shut case, he should have been locked away. The law might have seen him as innocent on that day, but he knew the truth and he could never go back to who he was after that, not that he had anything waiting for him anyway. Dishonorable discharge was no light matter and he soon found it was impossible to get a job.
John took another step forward, the pain in his shoulder dissipating into nothing.
Greg shook his head sadly, “Same. Mycroft hasn’t been around at all though, so it might be a few more days. He didn’t answer the phone until just two days ago.”
Sherlock’s breath was a bit erratic, his attention split between John and the ever constant pattering of rain that seemed to be picking up.
Molly shuffled closer and helped support John on his feet. “What happened to him? His he ill?”
John stood back as the fire slowly turned the wood around him black and warped downwards. A spider crawled in through the door and spied him. ‘
Sherlock blushed, no one aside from his therapist and Mycroft touched his legs, and that was only from necessity. He knew he had lost much of the muscle in them and they were beginning to get boney.
-U-P-I-
“Mhm.”
Greg had nothing and he knew it. He would just have to try his luck again another night.
forgive you
“Yup… of course it is… isn’t it?” John clenched his teeth.
"What? For the last time, stop making fun of everyone I date."
“Now behave yourself Sherlock.” Hudson smiled and patted her tenant on the shoulder before leaving.
John shook his head and smiled
“You didn’t seem to mind me doing it.”
“You’re not… jealous are you?” He looked up at the looming face before him.
Greg waited a bit after John left his office, sneaking out another donut to nibble from. He flicked his phone on and reread his last few messages to  Mycroft.
“Of course it is, I… I care Sherlock. I want to know. Nothing concerning you is unimportant.”
“I’ll be here listening if you do.” Sherlock promised.
‘I could find time to arrange that into my schedule.’ –MH
“My, aren’t you loyal fast. He lied to you about something rather important I would say, doesn’t that make you wonder what else he’s been lying about?” Mycroft quirked an eyebrow as he slowly descended the stairs, never breaking eye contact with him.
“John, you are a doctor. You work in a hospital. It’s your flat mate that works for Scotland Yard. “
“I’m back John, I’m sorry.”
"Careful!"
“Pill package- how did you?-“
The detective knew he had won.
“Well clearly I made some errors when I was reworking the formula. You weren’t even supposed to turn into a cat.”
But there was nothing. No angry shouts or outbursts. Nothing being thrown as he might have suspected. Not even whispers. John nearly peered around the corner of the kitchen to make sure they were still there when the kettle began whistling for him. Tea bags already in place, he poured three cups. The water turning dark from the brew. John felt his hands balling to fists at his sides, his uneasy feeling growing. He shook his head, needing to bring himself back out of this weird phobia he seemed to be developing. It was nothing more then a teacup and he needed to get ahold of himself. He carefully arranged the cups and a bowl of sugar on a tray before walking back towards the living room, making sure he didn’t announce his return. But there was no tail end of a muffled conversation to be caught.
Questions:
“Yea… he would.”
“Are you playing that damn game again? You play that all night long,”
As John went to unlock the door, it quickly swung open, nearly hitting him in the face as it revealed his old roommate.
“Precisely John, it wasn’t the killer. The floor was cleaned before the murder took place.”
Anyone else would have been taken aback by the tone of Sherlock’s voice, “Now now quiet down. I’m just trying to say that boy needs some time.”
I had to look up if Lestrade has a gun or not for this chapter. British police of course don’t, but since he’s a DI I wasn’t sure. But in S2E2, Lestrade shoots at the hound of the Baskervilles with his own gun.
A second knock came from the door. John froze, not sure if he had missed his only chance of escape. No one answered the door and the far away muffled voice of Moriarty stopped, likely listening to the knock and debating what to do.
Sherlock’s coat was too big for him and he would never consider altering it. He began wearing the scarf daily though and slowly began picking up more habits of the late detective. Lestrade began dropping in, he would bring over case files for John to look at them even if he no longer would come to crime scenes. In reality it was just his way of making sure John was still around and had no obvious suicide attempts planned out.
Sherlock? That’s an unusual name, can’t say I’ve ever met another Sherlock, in more ways then one.- JW
John warmed at the touch and wanted to sink into it, “Why do you still have to be taller then me?”
“Sher- lock. Tell what I’m to make you do.” John crossed his arms, his decision was made.
“Well stop.” He cut off John’s response by pressing his mouth against his in a deep kiss. Sherlock would get everything he ever wanted from John and John would love it.
“Warn me whenever possible, and don’t do anything to me if it will affect my life outside this flat.” John’s voice was very stern.
Maria let out an exasperated sigh. “John just- just tell me when you’re, erm, better. Or if you need anything.” She waited for a moment expecting him to answer her, but he didn’t.
You may never look at tea cups the same way again...
“Seems… painful.” John carefully selected his words, still looking at the webpage on Sherlock’s screen. Eyes absorbing the size and angles of the unusual toys.
“The internet seemed to have several suggestions for the rest.”
John bit his lip, “Just don’t go turning me into a hedgehog or some such rubbish.”
"What are you jabbering about now? This is all your fault you know, I have told you countless times not to bring these chemicals into the house."
“Nothing, actually. Except perhaps to kill me with boredom.” His eyes finally returned to John’s. Those terrifyingly over analytical eyes. “He’s meeting us at the flat. I’m about to be on house arrest.”
I can’t believe it! Is it really true that you and John are now an item?- GL
-Simple. I am a deducing Otter. :) –
He stretched his left arm forward, palm up to adjust the pegs of his violin. His right hand pantomimed holding a bow. Sherlock’s eyes closed for a moment as he imaged that first note and then another.
. He wasn’t about to give in so easily. He knew that madman wouldn’t sink so low as to ask him to come back, but he couldn’t keep living like this either.
“Sherlock! Do you have any idea what time it is?”
The planchette shook hesitantly, causing John and Molly to look at each other to silently ask if the other had moved it. It fumbled forward an inch and stopped. They waited, but nothing seemed to happen.
Sherlock shot him a wistful look before turning towards the register, “Pick out whatever you want.” Referring to the clothes.
“Wait a minute here, you’ve been alive this whole damn time?! I can’t believe you! You have no idea how many people you have hurt! John-… John-… he really didn’t take it well at all.”
I’m only joking. But please Sherlock. I want to see you. You’re amazing and brilliant and completely mad at times but that’s why I love you.
"Oh don't pout John. And Molly, obviously don't tell anyone about this as John is very sensitive on the topic."
Sherlock pressed closer and began landing chaste kisses on John's neck, slowly becoming light sucking motions. "Sorry."
“Come back here!” Sherlock followed, taking him a moment to realize he had actually made it outside. He looked around, completely mystified as John locked the door. Outside. He thought he might never see this again.
“You can pick one of mine. You’ll be in total control. Please? It will be fun.” Sherlock beamed, he really wanted his guinea pig back.
“Maybe? How do you not know!?”
“You’ll just have to cancel it. Just think of how much you are giving to science and law enforcement, now, doesn’t it seem selfish to want to go on some silly date considering what science would have given up if you didn’t comply?”
You rub off on me. And far from it, you’re unique. Your name suits you.- JW
“I’m not really sure how it happened, bit of a mix up with messages I suppose-“ John knew full well that wasn’t what happened. “I think that…” ‘My dead flat mate set me up so he doesn’t get bored in the after life.’ John wasn’t sure how to word this. “Are you religious at all?”
“Sherlock! What the bloody hell do you think you’re doing?!”
"Oh you know me, always been on the short side." John nervously laughed.
It was slow at first, but an hour later and John was able to manage small movements again.
“Lock, what are you looking for?”
Lestrade marched around, looking everywhere for the detective. But came up empty handed. “Sherlock… I could have sworn I…” Shit. Maybe he was starting to loose it.
Sherlock brought a finger up to his mouth to make the ‘shushing’ silence gesture, then pointed to his breast pocket.
“One of numerous? What are the other reasons?” he hesitantly asked.
“She can read the blog for all that.”
“Make tea.”
“Couldn’t have, that place reeked of it, it must have been washed just before she died.”
“We’ll draw up a contract. But a week is too long, I insist on having him now so I know I’m satisfied with what I purchased.”
his hand quickly brushed over his firming member making him shudder.
Mycroft looked up perplexed. “Blog?”
“Please do, I would be truly amazed by such a feat from a man who a few weeks ago couldn’t figure out how I was ‘talking through his computer.’” Sherlock mocked playfully.
“Molly, snag us a muffin.” John risked a whisper seeing no one was around yet.
"Comfortable?" Sherlock smiled, John wasn't sure if it was meant to be sarcastic or not.
“Oh what do I care?! You’re just some fat old man, and Greg isn’t exactly what he use to be…”
“Jawn-“ Sherlock dipped his face seductively and got to close for comfort to his flatmate “Please get me that plant?”
Sherlock nodded and placed his hands on John’s chest and ran them downwards just as slowly. “yes.” He did the same to his legs and ended by cupping John’s still bare feet. “Yes. Ah! Stop that! You’re tickling me!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“John! I don’t even know how long the effects will last.” Sherlock hiccupped again.
His words went unheard as usual.
“Yes, fine, I’ll admit I found some of those blokes attractive. Are you satisfied now? I’m not wanking off to prove your point you know.”
After the initial shock of discovering the pocket size John now had an equally pocket sized detective, the question of ‘What now?’ was on everyone’s mind.
“I need to see my little brother, it’s rather urgent, there’s a case involving….” He stopped mid sentence as his eyes scanned the room and stopped on a very short Sherlock.
John looked her over, performing one of his own ‘Sherlock scans’. ‘Depressed. Shopping for over priced clothes to look better, doesn’t know what to buy or what look to go with. Little knowledge on changing appearances.’ He licked his lower lip. ‘I really shouldn’t…’
“Hmm. Who indeed,”
“Neither of you have any right to spy on me.”
“I’m getting out now, whether you stop this car or not.” He grabbed the door handle.
“Well, I don’t exactly have anything I can wrap it with. I had sort of a cane last night, but that didn’t last too long. It’s not as if I’ve been doing a lot of walking lately anyway.” John sighed.
“You’ll have wet pants all day, unless of course you want to wear them in the cup and then go without them while they dry.”
“You- uh, hurt your leg?” That explained why he hadn’t gotten up yet John thought.
Sherlock didn't put the scarf back on the end table; instead he placed it on a pillow at the head of the bed and repositioned himself closer to the side.
Sherlock sat at the opposite end of the kitchen table from John wearing his silk purple shirt with a manila envelope and his composition book in hand.
“Fine. These are all abbreviated… mostly just one word. What’s this one then? Height?” he looked at the detective quizzically.
-Physical or psychological?-
“Just tell me everything you want from me, alright?”
“Well?!”
Molly had a look of confusion, “Why? Sorry, just doesn’t sound like him…”
Molly was there in less then hour, still wearing her lab coat from work. John was on his fourth cup of tea, which shook nervously in his hand.
By the time John got back to his computer the screen was frozen.
Molly went paler then anyone he had seen before.
John Watson: Too bad, I’m not on the market anymore. Sorry ladies!
Why did you send me that package? –
This story is currently being edited a bit, though mainly for typos. You may be confused when you look at what year this was first posted. The original story was written up to chapter 8 but never ended. I am currently writing it again and it will have regular updates. There is a reason for this, which you will find in the chapter description for chapter 9.
Lestrade had come up from behind and grabbed John by the waist. “Alright, break it up you two. I know I know, she probably said something you could sue us for, but attacking an officer means you automatically being brought down to the station.”
-Medic or just a tank?-
The end of this story and many plot points were known to me when I first started writing this. I just want you to know that nothing has changed and the original plot and ending will still be the same.
“I have to get away from him… there’s no other way Lock… He’s coming…”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence…”
:( Leave.- SH
“Shut up, it’s not funny.”
“Course not.” John smirked, “It’s getting late, would you like some dinner?”
Sherlock smiled, “Sorry.” He then placed both hand on John’s face and peered at his irsis, checking for dilation.
“You don’t know what you’re doing do you?” It sounded sweet coming from him, not harsh like when a police officer accused Sherlock of not knowing what he was doing, but that had been the only context anyone had ever used the line on him before, as an accusation.
Lestrade set them on the table next to it, “Mycroft’s doing I take it.”
“Join you, Yea.” It was painful to think that man had gone through so much misery when Sherlock hadn’t even been dead.
Sherlock shifted his weight were he stood. “I didn’t get my growth spurt until I was almost out of highschool.”
John instinctually leaned down and checked the pulse, there wasn’t one. He then checked the body temperature and eyes. “Been dead for approximately 6 hours now.”
“Any flavor of jam you want.”
But the moment he was trying to figure out why everything was so uncharacteristically quiet. If Sherlock had been alone he would have taken John out or at least talked to him. So that meant people were around but no one was talking.
The detective sighed, “You know what I meant and besides, I thought you previously reprimanded me for eating food found at the place we’re investigating.”
The bar where new text showed up blinked for a while, indicating Sherlock was typing, then disappeared. John blinked,
There was nothing ordinary about the detective, from odd eating habits to his exceptional brilliance. Though there were times where for a few moments, John wondered if it was more then a case of his flat-mate being a tad eccentric. When Sherlock would flash that deceiving smile of his to get his way, were his teeth a tad too pointed? Or was he just being ridiculous and looking far too much into it? He knew of course that must be the case, but still, John couldn’t help feel a bit uneasy at times when those marbled sea foam eyes were on him.
“You don’t know?” she laughed in a way that seemed rude to the core, “Look around.”
Sherlock gently moved his hands and John’s followed, moving the planchette with them. It almost felt like having physical hands again. He had heard of people losing limbs and still being able too feel them, ‘phantom limbs.’ His whole body felt that way now, but he could feel John’s hands around him as if they were his own.
The shorter man thought.
“Shh, we’re here.” Sherlock stepped inside the shabby shop.
“It would be a shame to squish your little pet before I leave.” Moriarty made an exaggerated frown. “Oh that’s right, I didn’t come alone either!” His fake smile returned as he took his cell phone out of his pocket. “Let’s see how many bullets my favorite sniper brought along.”
John felt a little confused, “You do?” Well, he certainly wasn’t going to argue with him.
“You see but you don’t observe Sherlock. Here, let me give you a demonstration.” Moriarty pulled a plain brown bag from under the table and stuck his hand in menacingly. “You’ll love this bit.” He pulled out a smaller sized rat, opened a tab on the far side of the doll house that John wasn’t at and put the rat inside, quickly closing the tab back up.
“Are you… alright?”
Sherlock followed but his expression had dropped a bit. “Was I not supposed to do that?”
There was no response and John started feeling very nervous, rounding the corner to face him.
Sherlock smirked, "You like being small."
“At the shop, at home after you updated your blog, even in that damn warehouse.”
“I’m not even sure I believe myself right now.” John set his tea down before he could accidentally drop it. “I’ve not exactly been the most stable of people in the past.”
A tingling slipped down his spine and he turned to face those posh black curls on that impossibly marble like body next to him… in bed.
“Ah, that’s probably him now. Well, I should let you get to work. Don’t hesitate to call if there’s anything you need.” Daniel gave John an overly hard pat on the shoulder.
Moran shifted his weight.
Lestrade was doing his best to brush it off, “Its fine, really. These things happen.” He shrugged. “Locked myself in an attic once.”
Chapter 17
“But…” Molly dried her tears with a tissue, “You just said that…”
"Where's your pet? He's been missing for three days now. Did he run off on ya?"
"Could be a cat."
She turned her attention back to him, “A neighbor called it in, Sir. Said he saw a man inside tying someone up and then strangling him to death.”
Lestrade waited hours realizing that something was clearly wrong.
“I’m still making you dinner.” He patted Sherlock’s head before leaving.
I thought I was going to die when I was walking back from class. It was awful, I normally like walking. –
“Third one down.”
There was the feint sight of lightening from their window, likely still quite far off from them. Mycroft gripped the handle of his umbrella, twirling it once before standing. “Thank you Dr. Watson, but I’m afraid I really must go.” He shot Sherlock a look. “Unless of course you would consider coming with, brother?”
“It’s a smiley face.” He nodded towards the yellow one with bullet holes in it on the wall. “He does that sometimes, puts smiley faces on things.”
John glanced over, seeing Sherlock definitely still had two legs. “I don’t know what I’m feeling right now, like I’ve lost my bloody mind I suppose.” Some movement caught the corner of his eye. There was something dark in the water, though he wasn’t sure what. John’s body reacted before he could, jolting away from the bath as fast as he could in sheer panic. He struck his head on the porcelain base of the sink causing a loud thud.
“Does to me. You just don’t realize it.”
“JOHN! What are you-”
Chapter 10
“Well it is and I greatly regret letting you do this to me.”
She gave her best modest smile, “John, it’s so good to see you, I was worried that… I mean, thanks for dropping by. Is there anything I can do for you?”
Something didn’t sit right with John. ‘
John’s face reddened “I wore them all the time…”
“I mean what she said… about you, and how I yelled.”
He didn’t stop being John altogether.
Good. Hope you get your computer soon, but it’s been nice today. Off to bed? –JW
“I don’t know but I swear to god if that paint comes off and you end up standing here completely naked I’m pretending I’m not with you.” John shot back, eyes darting about desperate for an escape.
Sherlock’s smile widened greatly. “Oh, I was suppose to text Lestrade that I found you, he helped me all night.” He brought his phone out and rested his hands on the table as he typed out his message. John ducked under the phone and came up on Sherlock’s side to see what he was writing with a nod of approval.
“Pervert.” Greg nuzzled against him and tried stroking Mycroft’s hair. “Are you alright?” He only just noticed how erratic Mycroft’s breathing was.
“You frequent there often, mentioned it on the blog a few times. She likely moved here just to meet you, got a job there and waited for an opportunity.”
“I really don’t see how that’s any of your business. I may have dropped by Tescos on the way back and took a while before I showered.
-I believe that term applies more to you then me at the moment. ;) –
“Wha-” Greg wrapped his arms firmly around him. “I wouldn’t- I couldn’t-” Well, he was pretty sure he literally couldn’t have succeeded at least.
Then he wore baggy jeans and a tight cheap shirt. He hated that.
There was no winning with Sherlock.
The doctor only snorted in response.
Moriarty continued to laugh even as the door slammed shut. He had finally shrunken down to just above five inches. He had no doubt that in a day or two Sebastian would come back begging him to forgive his outburst, it had happened before after all. He picked up the vial Moran had left for him, he grinned, even when mad he knew his pet wouldn’t leave him helpless. He drank it quickly and waited.
“So why no follow up experiment?”
Lestrade nodded. “You’ve been sleeping in his bed, haven’t you?” It wasn’t judgmental, just a statement of fact.
221B was in a chaotic mess of over turned furniture, ripped apart drawers, and paper strewn across the floor everywhere.
“It’s alright. Just, curious as to why. Why now?” he brought his fingers up near John but stopped just before reaching him.
“Coming right up!”
John sighed, “Fair enough I suppose.” He licked his lips, “I thought those would have gone away by now.”
‘It happened before.’ It hissed in Sherlock’s head, the sound echoing strangely. It wasn’t quite Mycroft’s voice but close enough that he vaguely recognized it. ‘Don’t you remember?’ The words seemed to bounce off the walls of Sherlock’s very mind.
“You wouldn’t have classified it as ‘not simple’ if that’s all it really did.”
“Back to the flat then?” Sherlock asked and began walking away.
He threw his soaked cardigan on the floor of the dorm, wishing he could just ignore his computer for once but found he really couldn’t. John pretended he wasn’t thrilled to see Sherlock was online, but he knew he was.
Sherlock really didn’t have time to reassure Lestrade right now. He needed to get back to John as soon as he could. He stepped over to the mantle and gently pushed a picture frame on it. It fell to the ground with rather a great deal of noise. So he could in fact move things better here.
John flashed beat red at his screen.
Lestrade was at a slight loss of words, perhaps keeping the older Holmes trapped there was a bad idea, “So… erm, just came to bring me coffee then?” He wasn’t sure if it was his imagination or if Mycroft really had tightened his eyes in a nervous tell.
“There wasn’t much to it really.” John stirred his tea, looking lost in thought for a moment.
That was the irritating sod I take it?- JW
“Trust me, it’s not a date. God. I think I scared the life out of him when I asked if it was the other day. He assured me he’s not interested in me that way through text today. ‘Sides, he’s not even gay.”
The headlines had died down significantly but every now and then there could still be an article found discussing the fraudulent claims of the late consulting detective. John hadn’t read a newspaper since that first day though. There was no point; he knew what they all said.
John let out a small yawn, "We're at the crime scene?" He stretched and peeked over the top of Sherlock's pocket, the top flap helped conceal him even when looking out. They were in an empty night club, sunlight dripping in through glass panels on the ceiling unevenly lighting the room in eye burning lights and shadows.
It was simple enough entering the cab, John simply opened the back car seat and waited until he saw the cushions imprint downward as Sherlock scooted to the far seat, allowing him to get in without suspicion. A moment later he caught himself looking at the way the seat pressed inward where Sherlock sat, it was strangely interesting, until of course he remembered that the man was completely naked and he was essentially looking at his invisible flatmate’s arse. He snapped his head up looking away quickly as a muffled chuckle sounded next to him. Today was not going to be easy for John Watson.
John really hoped this awkward bit would be over soon. “I was going to stake the place out tonight, see if there is anything to be, uh, seen.”
"Do you need something?"
“Not exactly? But you are?” Sherlock wanted to tease him, but also didn’t like the idea of John caring about his brother.
The water was unusually high for the depth of the dock. John eyed the remote control wondering what it went to.
at him.
But the detective said nothing, just continued to look at his hands. John was use to this sort of treatment however and headed off to change into something dryer. He wanted to be as far away from this wet business as possible. He kicked his shoes off and grabbed a bathroom towel for his hair when Sherlock’s phone pinged.
"Sherlock…." Greg crouched down closer to the detective "It's going to be alright, we will find him."
“Can you do both?” Sherlock’s voice peaked a bit.
“I’m not use to going to sleep without hearing your voice either.”
clothes ever made, they were still sub standard to actual clothing, especially considering the lack of socks and boxers. He had also lost his tooth pick, making it difficult to stand right.
“Oh good, you’re awake! I’ve just been dying to play with you you know.”
Chapter 1
Looking down at the silken ears John found it hard to resist, they were even softer then they looked. Sherlock craved the familiar touch of the firm ex army hands on him. The baritone purr shot through John’s spine.
“You are gay.”
“I don’t even remember all of it.” He sounded utterly defeated, his voice going quite dry as well.
“Get up.” He pulled Sherlock up and led him back to his room. “You should really go to sleep, it’s late.”
“I’ll just pop out for a moment.” ‘
“And it’s 3’o clock now! I’m starving! What on earth am I supposed to do?”
It felt like electricity through his spine.
“Is this what Mycroft showed you?! Does he have gills too?” He whispered that last part.
“My inner coat pocket, just do it, now!”
"He's married to his work."
.” His normally baritone voice was much lighter now, making John snicker. “What?! What is it?”
Fine, so what, if I get a package I don’t remember ordering I just toss it out? –SH
"True, but I have to be back to normal on Monday, got that?"
“We do,” Sherlock flashed him one of those grins that could make John walk on water if he so desired it.
“Oh, I forgot.” Sherlock looked away and out his window.
"No one can tell you who to love!" a young girl called out.
A faint smile filled Sherlock’s face, ‘
In it’s confusion the tarantula turned around, John jumped on it causing it move violently beneath him but unable to reach him.
“You’re gonna bloody drown!” Why was his flatmate so intent on making his life hard?
Sherlock looked a bit harder, Maria sat eating a light meal at a table across from them with another woman. Blond hair wasn’t exactly an unusual trait for a woman, nor was being short, but the rainbow banner going through the name “Lydia” was a definite indicator that the woman in question fancied other women.
“It’s just Greg.”
“I knew that woman was no good.” Sherlock practically hissed at John.
“Just watch.” Sherlock went back below the water, letting all his breath out.
“Yes. Work.”
Although relatively small to other shops in the area the store was filled with dolls of every kind and size, most of which were significantly larger then John.
“Shit, you two better take a look at this” Lestrade uncapped the coffee cup and brought the two miniature men out to see the damage.
"Hm? What? Oh! No! I didn't mean-" his eyes grew wide with the realization of what he was being accused of.
“Gregory! This is absurd! This is-” The desperate look on Lestrade’s face was melting the heart he wasn’t sure he even had. His voice softened, “I’ve always harbored… a certain fondness for you.” This was still the worst possible time for a heart to heart. “and admittingly, certain desires to be with you. But, it was never- rather, I could never-” He tried to compose himself, which was quite difficult as his tentacles were greedily grabbing at Lestrade again, pulling him closer. “There are things I simply can not do.” He whispered, “That I know are part of having a relationship.”
“John I assure you, I will make sure you are perfectly safe and back to normal as soon as I know it works.”
WHERE IS HE?- SH
The moment he had, he could smell it. Practically sense it in the salty air around them.  It was that tingly sensation that meant a storm was coming. The Thames wasn’t quite the ocean, but it was connected to it, and Sherlock’s body ached for it.
Lestrade’s eyes again looked away with a hint of embarrassment “I’m really sorry John, but we can’t make them leave.”
“Ah, sorry to hear it mate. Dunno how you stand him half the time. What’d he do this time?”
“I love you too.” He was almost knocked over by the enormous cupid’s bow lips that softly landed on the top of his head with a kiss.
The answer was obvious.
Greg rolled his eyes. “Not… that.” FUCK, there it was. He let out a rather un-masculine yelp as the tip of Mycroft’s tentacle hit its mark. Sending waves of pleasure through him.
John wondered if Sherlock actually just didn’t want people seeing him like this. He often peered around with a look of dread on his face.
“You would really give up an opportunity to lessen or even cure all that because you don’t trust me?” John almost missed the hint of hurt Sherlock tried to hide in his voice.
“Of course, is this another computer thing?”
“Molly-“ Sherlock turned to the idle girl listening in, “Find out if she had a maid of some sort.”
Sherlock went back up, thoroughly irritated he couldn’t leave. Hopefully he would find some way around that soon. It was bound to get terribly boring in 221b all day without the ability to touch anything.
“That’s it, I’m taking you home and hoping to god that this is because you were sniffing that nip.”
It was a moment before it started moving again. S-O-R-R-Y
“I’m dead John, by definition I’m pretty beyond help.” Sherlock slumped back onto the sofa. “and I’m fine… just… really bored.”
Sherlock’s hands where in their classic thinking pose as his eyes narrowed. “I think so… pasta?”
“See Lestrade, he’s already back.”
Those sea foam eyes of Sherlock’s were on him in an instant. “Worried?”
“Ugh, fine- but just the shirt, I’m not exactly wearing anything under my trousers.”
The enormous cat face came down to sniff the squirming detective and sniffed him. Sherlock let out a not too manly scream before the rough tongue licked his hair.
“I never said I was.”
“Ah… forgot about those. They’re not mine.” He grabbed at the folder. “John? Can Lestrade come in?” He asked almost absent mindedly as Sherlock headed back in leaving the door open for the D.I.
John had begun his search of the flat, looking for anything potentially suspicious or that might aid him in his investigation. There wasn’t much, but it seemed a few odd items had been left in the flat from previous tenants. Three quarters of a container of salt drew his interests in case it was in fact paranormal activity they were dealing with. But he feared lining any doors with it, in case Sherlock would be trapped. Besides, he wasn’t sure if the Internet was just listing off any old wives tale, or if it actually worked.
“Then there’s no problem, I was hoping to hold you anyway, this just provides a good excuse for me to do it.” John grinned, kneeling close to him.
Hyde Park, by the memorial fountain, double homicide, you guys are gonna want to see this one.- GL
“Not much, unless you want to stay here till 3am,” he smiled wearily, “Supposedly ghost activity picks up then.” He really detested referring to his friend as a ‘ghost.’ “Oh, and I’m banning sage from ever entering the flat.”
Then I’m going to see you in person. –
A voice louder then the others in the on looking crowed yelled out “It’s that fag detective!”
“This isn’t some kind of placebo affect is it?”
"And dating?"
“You’ll do it wont you? For me?”
“No, no more damn experiments. I’ve really had enough.” John tried to keep calm but it was difficult at best.
“Jesus Christ Donovan! Get a hold of yourself, this is hardly the first dead body you’ve seen.” Lestrade marched over followed by John.
So that’s why John kept slipping into plural. Sherlock and he must have agreed to take the case before Sherlock died. It all made sense now. He didn’t want to leave Sherlock’s work undone. He gave John a pat on the shoulder. “Don’t worry, I understand.”
Sherlock's smile was quickly gone again. It was one of his deepest fears that he would only ever be seen as a burden. John scowled in the direction that Anderson left in, not noticing a door down the hall had cracked open a bit as the occupant watched them.
This time Sherlock made sure he got a more accurate reading on John’s pulse to be compared to his likely lowered pulse while under hypnotism. It also occurred to him that John fell into the trance just a bit quicker this time.
“We have food, plenty.” John sighed, not sure what to say to get him to stay.
Lestrade nervously ran the palm of his hands over his trousers. “I’ve thought about it…”
There was a firm knock at the door, both men looked towards it. John shrugged, there wasn’t much they could do until Lestrade woke up. The knocking persisted and eventually a very rumpled D.I. sleepily thumped about the flat. He wore loose fitting sweat pants and a tight white undershirt as he opened the door and leaned against the frame to keep from falling back asleep.
brother after all."
-No worries. Just wondered due to your hand-
“You once even admitted your broke up with one of your girlfriends simply because he told you to. Not even asked, told you.”
‘Please Myc, I was in a full panic last time you did this.’ -GL
Sherlock watched her with interest. "I might."
“Ugh, he can be a nightmare when it comes to Mycroft. But he’ll get over it eventually.”
"Well he's clearly not there anymore now is he?!" Sherlock's frustration was quickly rising.
"Hit the deck!"
"You see what I mean?"
Sherlock strolled back in coat on with his tail hidden. “Well we’ll have to come back to this later.”
“Now, that’s hardly lady like behavior.” Mycroft wasn’t expecting to be punched in the face from what he considered to such an innocent jest.
“Which is why I need you to be a good pet and drink it now.” The mad man brought the vial close to Moran’s face. “I have other snipers, just because you’re my favorite doesn’t mean you’re actually better then anyone else.”
John began kicking the blackening floor, it finally gave way, he had just enough time to push it down, flames now licking at the edges up towards him. He jumped through the barely big enough hole not minding the flames. He was much thinner the spider and the creature didn’t want to risk being burned to go after food it seemed. John was out. ‘
“Big Brother is Watching”
“Damn it Holmes! I know what the hell I’m doing!”
“Hm?”
Seeing his friend look suddenly sick to the stomach guilt started wrapping it’s way around Joh, “Hey, it’s fine, sorry, you look like you’re going to faint… you’re the one that said it’s just-“
-Oh, thought you went to sleep.-
"They died a minute apart on different sides of the room. The crowds went into a panic after that and ran out." Lestrade noticed Anderson and Donovan just outside the roped off area of the dance floor.
Mycroft was walking down the stair at that very moment, and Sherlock suddenly sat stalk still, maybe he hadn’t seen him yet.
Sherlock sat at the opposite end of the table in a chair that had not been properly pushed back as he watched his flatmate- which he felt they still were since he was evidently haunting the place. John had really seen and heard him in his dream, felt him even. That meant he might be able to communicate with him that way, but it also meant he would be running the risk of being thought of as imaginary. His options were rather limited so far though.
Sherlock admired his work for a moment, “The sofa had it coming. Besides, I really couldn’t help it.” it was true, by taking drinking the chemical compound again before the last effects wore off he overloaded his system for a few hours and become overly hyperactive before crashing. ‘
“So how long do I wait?”
“Well I suppose this is where we part ways Gregory.” Mycroft looked solemnly out the sleek black car’s window as he still clutched the soot damaged and slightly damp coat from the warehouse.
Greg let out a long sigh and ran his hand through his greying hair. “At your flat, I found…” His eyes were focused on the ground. He didn’t want to ask, he really didn’t. But hell, he had already lost one friend this week, he couldn’t loose John to unsound reasoning now. He looked back up at John, his eyes filled with concern. “I don’t know that Ouija boards are the right answer, mate.”
The boys had been hyper focused on an intense scene, both leaning closer to the screen when, without warning, something had plucked the chords of the violin. John let out a rather high pitched yelp as Lestrade quickly grabbed hold of him. It was rather an awkward moment before they immediately detangled. John quickly stood to flick on every light switch he could as Greg counted threads on the couch. They were scared out of their minds and didn’t want to admit it to one another.
It wasn’t a request. It was a statement.
“That too. But I was referring to being in drag.” he shot John a wistful look.
“I thought about getting motion sensors, but I don’t think Sherlock would want that.” Molly bit at her lower lip.
Sherlock had been in and out of consciousness for some time. He was barely aware that John had been coming in and out of his room all day to check on him. Sherlock managed to sit up, noticing the room was now cast in shadows as the sun had gone down and tossed the sheets off himself as he attempted to reach a glass of water that John must have left for him on the night stand. His aim wasn’t quite right however, and the glass fell to the floor and broke.
“So, this?” John made a hand motion Sherlock didn’t quite comprehend.
“I said I can’t!” His voice was much louder then before and held a great deal of power. “I can’t move on. Not now. Not ever.”
"Oh fine." Sherlock placed John on the kitchen counter so he could easily hide amongst any of the dishes or food products. He opened the door with a fast swing. "Ah, Maria. John's sick, he isn't going out with you tonight." He then shut the door quickly.
Sherlock would do anything to get John out of harms way right now. “Please John. I know what you’re thinking. Stop. I have to get you out.”
Lestrade’s eyed darted around, “Where’s Sherlock? They said he called it in?” He didn’t notice John’s hand seemingly grasped around nothing not the soft sound of footsteps climbing into the ambulance after the gurney. He tried calling Sherlock mobile to no avail.
He flexed his hands a few times, making fists and then relaxing them. Going over what he would say in his mind if the door opened.
"Jawwn, please!"
Sherlock looked down,
“I’m working on a paper.” John frustratingly typed away, school was already starting to burn him out.
“Go on.” Sherlock’s seemed more stern.
“_John_” Sherlock barely managed to get out, his voice sounding rather croaky. He reached for the bathtub knob again, trying to turn it on, but not making it.
He became someone new in secret.
John chuckled lightly to himself as he remembered what Ella had told him about Sherlock. “It could be an interesting session.”
John blushed, but the detective noticed yet again he gave no protest to this new step past their regular comfort zone.
John nodded again, that should work. “Probably ruined your clothes though.”
He thought it would be horribly awkward to slip in wearing stilettos, fishnets, and a skirt if Anthea was in there. Then again the girl was so oblivious she probably wouldn’t have recognized him even if he wasn’t in full drag.
Sherlock smiled as he watched his small companion, “That’s disgusting John!”
Mycroft held his hands in fists at his side, “I will not come to your aid again if you turn up somewhere half out of your mind on drugs.”
“There was so much I never told you, can never tell you now.”
John cuts him off, sitting upright in his bed suddenly. “Sher….” He stops himself, can’t bring himself to say it.
Chapter 5
John sighed and put his mug down. At least there was never dull moment anymore. “Alright alright, let me grab a jumper at least.” He stretched a bit as he stood up. It was far too early in the morning for a case. “Where are we going, anyway?”
Sherlock’s eyes flickered up to John’s at that before looking away again. “I’m not sure if this really falls under something you could help with.”
A few moments passed in silence before Sherlock returned with a cup of what appeared to be tea in his hands. “Affects should wear off well before then.” He held the cup up to John.
“3am you said?” Greg checked his watch. “Its 7 now.” This was going to be a long night.
John pulled him close, his eyes beginning to water, “I don’t know if this is real or not.”
“So not from the same killer then or?”
“And about five inches tall, but as you have already mentioned, alive.”
“Besides,” Sherlock ignored John’s comment; “You’ll have more free time to accompany me on cases.”
Mycroft considered his options, he wasn’t joking when he had told John all that time ago that he worried about Sherlock constantly. As much as they bickered he was still his little brother and he would be damned if he let anything happen to him knowing he could prevent it. Even now he noticed Sherlock wore a miniature blue scarf in placement of the one he wore almost daily. Mycroft highly doubted his brother had ever told a soul that the original has been a gift from him when Sherlock was in high school and got a cold. Mycroft knew Sherlock was only sick because he never took care of himself, he didn’t even own a scarf before that not realizing he needed the added warmth on cold days. It was why through all of Sherlock’s cutting remarks about his weight and intelligence he knew his brother secretly cared as well.
Sherlock furrowed his brow. That was a bit not good what he had just done. To be fair he was merely preserving what was his. That woman didn’t care about John nearly a fraction of the amount that he cared for him. She would simply take John away from him one day and then they would be miserable apart. No, this was perfectly acceptable and Sherlock knew that he had done the right thing.  But would John realize that? It wasn’t exactly important… and John had let him take him outside knowing he was still susceptible to the hypnotism… even if he had to use his trigger word to get him to accept that… No, John would definitely think this was decisively not good. (Even if by technicality it was for the best.)
“That’s why you’re good kitty.” John nestled closer to the thin lanky frame and pressed a kiss against Sherlock’s collarbone. “Always be my kitty?”
“John, thank god, you did it.” There were no tall buildings around them anymore, no howling monsters to attack them.”
He built up his courage and marched off for triumph. Sherlock’s smile should have alerted him that something was definitely askew.
“These are horrible! Sherlock! You can’t possibly tell me you are going to do these things to me?!”
“Well maybe I’ve learned a thing or two since then.”
“W-we’ll do it… I’ll come by soon to see the flat.”
-I wasn’t worried-
“Er, that’s not really what I meant.”
“Whoah, wait, I’m not jealous- I’m not even-”
“You- you can see me?”
“There’s no hound, nothing is coming for you.” Sherlock tried desperately to reassure him.
“Thank you,”
“Wh-what are you talking about?”
Sherlock bit his lower lip and sat up, John pulling back off him. "I…" he didn't finish his thought and instead looked away.
“No need to be jealous,” Greg winked.
“Finally come around.” Sherlock only held him tighter.
“Brother, tell your friend to leave us for a moment.”
John let out an awkward chuckle, “Highly doubt that.” He waited for another informative whisper but when it didn’t come he looked down at the grass for an indication as to where his unseen flatmate was, and panicked to find he had left his side. John’s eyes grew slightly wider at the realization.”
Chapter 10
“No Ella, I wanted him to come. He just wants to- understand what’s been going on with me is all.” John said truthfully.
“God, you really think this was about me from the beginning?”
“Ah! What are you doing! What if someone sees me?!” He scrambled to his feet once Sherlock placed him on a shelf at his face level with miniature clothes.
“Lets.”
“Sorry but I’m afraid John is still too sick to see you.”
“You’re not the sociopath you claim to be.”
“One day you might,” Sherlock whispered quietly. He wasn’t sure why he was here now that he had time to think on his situation. He had never actually thought of the possibilities of what would happen after death beyond the body decomposing. He assumed it would be like a dreamless sleep, that you just stopped existing.
Sherlock smirked and brought a hand between them, pressing pointedly at John’s erection. “For this?”
“and?”
“Well come out with it freak, who is it?”
“Two of the three experiments so far have ended up with you in my bed.” Sherlock smirked.
Greg blinked. This was weird and probably nuts. But on the exceptionally off chance that his dead friend wanted him to do something, he was sure as hell gonna do it. “You want me to take this with me?”
Sherlock sighed as John and Mrs Hudson began their usual small talk. It was obvious she was just checking up on him, making sure he was at least trying to move on. John always did a good job of faking it at least, but Sherlock saw what John thought was private, and after that dream last night… John really shouldn’t be thinking about jumping off buildings. That was certainly a bad sign.
“Mmm, no.” it wasn’t a very friendly answer.
Sherlock hid nearly every emotion he had ever felt, convinced that they couldn’t be real. He acted out his pretend life as a sociopath when in reality he felt emotions very deeply, but was unsure what any of them meant, convincing himself that they weren’t real.
“Are you planning on having sex with her?”
"You're kidding. You're gonna take him to a crime scene like that?" Lestrade was clearly still in shock.
“Erm, Mr. Holmes?” he took a step closer but was still a good distance away. The forensics team had already started dusting for prints and looking for any scrap of evidence as to what happened that they could find.
John swallowed, “A bit.”
John shook his head, “I don’t think he’s going to go for that.” The EMF detector went quiet. “Don’t be like that, it will be more effective then knocking on things or hurting the furniture.” It felt so strange to refer to Sherlock as though he was right there with them. He had died and there was no proof he could still be around. Not yet anyway. But it felt rude to pretend he wasnt there if he actually somehow was.
“Don’t think I’ll be needing one.” He continued to push the old man further back into the house and eventually out of earshot.
I just realized I never posted some chapters I had already written. Sorry about that. I stopped updating this on the other account as well, but never abandoned it. So new chapter on both accounts soon.
Anderson looked about once more, blatantly confused and alarmed that the taunts seemed to have originated from thin air. Sherlock was so amused with himself that he didn’t see the officer headed straight towards him until he was stumbling to regain his balance after being knocked into.
"She drinks a lot, especially after Clara left her. But I still worry about her."
‘Proof of what exactly?’ Sherlock had known full well what Mycroft was talking about. But what proof could he possibly have? So there were a few questionable holes in their ancestry. A great great grandparent who had been a pirate with a few tall tales told about him. It was a fairy tale at best. But still, he needed to know whatever it was that Mycroft had wanted to show him. Besides, John would be more then happy to make them tea, and likely listen in. In fact, he had somewhat counted on it.
“No offence boss, but this doesn’t seem like the best idea.” This earned Sebastian a strong slap across the face, he barely flinched at the contact
I was a bit occupied at the time. –
“No, bad cat, stay still.” John grinned as he tried tickling the detective’s sides.
“We’re alone, right?” He whispered to John.
“Just the same, whatever she said, it isn’t true.” He reached out to knock Mycroft’s hand away from the door handle and grabbed his wrist by mistake. He flushed slightly, but his body was apparently not on the same track as his mind as his hand stayed there for a moment too long. He pulled it back suddenly realizing this, “Er, sorry…”
John blinked, “Alright.”
“Twenty Five more minutes.”
“No- I mean…” he stopped mid thought and looked away.
Because he is my friend.” A moment of pause before he continues in a slightly muffled voice. “and I’m his only friend.”
“He always knows… probably Lestrade though.” Sherlock tossed his phone down, looking rather defeated as he slumped back the seat, looking at the ceiling.
“I said turn them off! We are leaving now.” He stared his sniper down.
“Three days Sherlock! I was a cat for three bloody days!”
“Dead.”
“Oh. This lasted longer then I thought it would.” The detective stood up. “I should lessen the amount of the drug I use next time. This is far longer then desired.”
Sherlock was quiet for a moment. “I… I might not be about too much.”
Sherlock stood and analyzed the various chemicals at the end of the table. “Nope.” His voice was far too enthusiast for a workaholic without a job.
“But John, that could jeopardize the results of some of the experiments.”
"Oi you fae are all alike, trying to trick me into releasing you so you can just get away?" he brought a microscope out to inspect John better with. "Mighty fine clothing you've made."
Sherlock loosened his stiff posture a bit. It was late afternoon and the light peering through the windows cast off Sherlock’s cheekbones, making them more prominent then normally.
"What's that? Under your hand?"
"Sir? I have an unusual request for you from a Mr-"
John blinked, “You did? At the flat?” His breath went still. When he was talking to Sherlock, or at least believed he was, he had told him that he needed something personal of his in order to interact more.
“You left your computer on.” Sherlock tried to shake the nervous tone from his voice.
Molly gulped, trying to suppress the feeling of her eyes watering over,  “Well, I should get going, here-“ she held out the shallow purse for the pair to climb in before she called for a cab.
Sherlock leaned closer to the rat nest that lay at the bottom of the initial hole and pulled his small spyglass out. "Shoe impressions." His voice was monotone at first but then became filled with excitement "Greg! He was here! We just need to know how far this tunnel goes and where it leads to."
The brief moment of panic was enough for John. “I could be stuck like this then…” he went quiet and looked down at the scarf he had nestled himself into, missing Sherlock’s watering eyes.
John tried to nod at first and realized he couldn’t, instead he let out a croaky “yes.”
Mycroft scuffed loudly. "Crackpot."
As he looked around genuinely curious a figure dashed away into the crowds. The killer? Lestrade bolted forward after the person, there were so many people it was nearly impossible to tell though. Outside a long dark car pulled away. It seemed too convenient.
he leaned closer, lips almost pressed against the neck when he saw the dark curls. “Holy shit!” John nearly flew out of the bed,
It was half past five when John stepped out of his pool sized sink from a bath, drying himself with a small hand towel. Two days of completely relying on Sherlock for everything was simply too much.
“Is that so?”
“Sherlock.” He tried to warn him not go down this road.
John rolled his eyes, “Well it works on both I suppose.”
A Bigger Problem
“Er, Greg?” John was still focused on the closet. “You didn’t move that rope that was in here, did you?”
A slightly tanned hand attempted to grab the treat through the bars.
If you liked it, comment! :D
This was only more confusing to Lestrade. “Wait, its not?” He was pretty sure John wouldn’t lie to him. “Then, who’s is it?” He was pretty sure Sherlock never would have kept something like that around, he would have thought it was utter nonsense.
“I’m going to show you a series of images and you’re going to rate the attractiveness of the men between 0 and 10, 0 meaning you have no attraction at all and 10 meaning you have a great attraction for their physical appearance. Are you ready?”
"I'm not your pet Sherlock! I have my own bloody life to live!"
Originally John had planned on tiptoeing inside the flat and avoiding his flatmate at all costs, but as soon as he stepped inside he saw the couch had been shredded to pieces with strings littering the carpet.
Lestrade didn’t mention he could smell the smoke in the apartment. He had even held his tongue the time he found John wearing three nicotine patches while smoking. But the day he knocked and no one answered, Lestrade feared the worst and picked the lock. He was terrified he would find John hanging by a rope or some other way to off himself, he wasn’t expecting what he did see. John Watson sprawled out on the sofa, pupils blown wide, a gram of cocaine still sitting on the coffee table beside a needle.
“Receptionist at a restaurant, it’s how we met actually.” John didn’t mention he had actually been on a date with another woman who had left him, earning him Maria’s number out of sympathy.
I might have lost John.- SH
The text was far too convenient for her liking. “Oh look at this, he says he’s out at the moment.” She put on a fake smile.
John simply nodded.
John opened his eyes and was glad he was already in bed or he likely would have fallen over.
John purred.
“Maybe someone snuck in?”
“Visit me in my dreams often? Even if I don’t remember them?”
“Lestrade, if I could have a moment.” Sherlock grabbed the D.I.’s arm and stomped quickly away from the scene where it was more private, causing Donovan to shrug in annoyance.
He woke with an awful stuff neck and back freezing in a glass dome.
“Oh alright.” Sherlock huffed but he knew he was still getting his way.
“Shit.” John’s eyes were clenched shut, his hands holding the back of his head were he hit himself. “Sorry, I dunno what happened.” He grit his teeth hard, willing himself through the pain.
“You’ve planned this from the start haven’t you?!”
Mycroft was about to yell an insult to her insolence until a thought flashed in his mind. As truly unlikely as it was, there was a slim possibility that this might somehow lead him to his answer.
You’re a bastard, you know that? –
"You don't know what your doing." John had a certain fondness in his voice.
John licked his lower lip. He remembered the physically driven commands of falling asleep and waking up, a tug on the right arm had sent him deep into sleep and his left woke him up, although at the time the actions were performed he seemed to lose control over his body, he couldn’t recall anything in-between those though. He opened his mouth, “…”
“We’ll need food.” Sherlock dismissed the second part of what John said.
Have an interesting case file you may like to take a look at. GL
“We have a case, this will have to be continued later.” Sherlock grabbed his coat and practically flew out the door.
John, I… I have to tell you something. You might change your mind about me after.
“I think he’s trying to communicate…” John began realizing that’s why it had taken so long, Sherlock wasn’t use to this, he didn’t know what he was doing, he could even be trapped. That last thought sent a jolt of worry through him. “Sherlock… we’re going to help, we’ll figure something out.”
“I don’t care, I never gave you permissions to crawl into my bed.”
“MORAN!” That man was definitely being punished after this.
“Yes, across the room where I cant get to it, and I can’t exactly get up without his help.”
“Science John.”
“No, he lost her actually” she giggled lightly “You know how girls get during sales.”
“Oh, right. Uh- hm.” Sherlock paused awkwardly.
“You’re eyes…” He whispered, though he could tell Mycroft could hear him from his now fallen expression.
The scolding could definitely wait.
John sat back for a moment trying to take that in. “And that’s how the crash happened.”
“And by work you mean following your flat mate around so you can spend your free time writing about him?”
John smiled, hopeful that Sherlock was finally giving in. “I’ll be there, noon, just give me an address.”
There was loud squeaking from the speaker,
“I didn’t want him to either. Look what that got me.” John made a gallant stride towards the ledge but he was no match for tranquilizer Mycroft shot him with.
Sherlock slammed his hand against the wall near John’s head and drew closer. His eye’s consumed by blackness. “I will do as I please.” His voice seethed.
-Shot in the shoulder, makes it hard to use my left hand at times.-
“Protesters?” John raised a quizzical eyebrow, he didn’t even notice that Sherlock had stopped pacing the crime scene and was listening to him.
John’s eyes remained widened and unfocused as he continued to look over the case file.
Really? John thought, crossing his arms at both their childish behaviors.
-Sorry, I had the flu, I wanted to come on and tell you I would be gone, but I couldn’t get out of bed.-
anyway."
"My god…" Sherlock clapped a hand over his mouth to prevent a laugh from bursting out.
The detective shot him a wistful look. “I suppose we’ll find out.”
Molly was speechless for a moment. "I uh, didn't know."
“Perfectly fine. He walked away from the crash.” Sherlock’s gaze became distant. “He came to see me once when I was out of the hospital. He wanted to take me to another drug den.”
“My sight isn’t completely gone, I can’t make out much more then the chair, but I can smell his after shave and chemicals on him. I don’t appreciate being lied to.”
“Sounds like something he would put someone up to doing. I somehow thought Mycroft would finally piss off now that… that Sherlock’s gone.” John hated that funeral arrangements and everything else would probably be left to Mycroft, being Sherlock’s closest relative. Though John hadn’t even heard mention of a funeral yet.
Sherlock could feel his heart stopping.
“Stay there, I blood well mean it.” Lestrade stood to check on his coworker, “You alright?”
“Probably not… help set this up?” John cleared off the coffee table and opened the ouija board box up. “Glows in the dark? That’s incredibly corny… although we’ll still be able to see it if the lights go out again.” The lamp from earlier had luckily started working again before it got too dark outside.
“Nothing important?! Well maybe I want to know what I was doing? And just what do you mean by ‘what I retained?’”
"Black. Why…?"
“So soft,” Mycroft purred, taking his good time before stroking slowly over Gregory’s shaft.
"It was just a lab accident is all. I should be fine… soon." John was unsure of the last part.
“Indeed. Can’t seem to get it off though…” he voice trailed off.
“Why do we have to talk to her? She’s already seen us, isn’t that bad enough?” Sherlock paced across the glass table by the dock.
Once the salt was cleaned up, John still sitting in his chair and looking aimlessly down at the table while Sherlock tried desperately to touch anything, Mrs Hudson excused herself and left. John seemed unreachable to her now.
"Just thinking."
“Alright alright, don’t go shooting walls or anything.”
"Where did you see him last? Is that… why does it smell like smoke in here?"
“We know how she is, she’s… you know.”
“Alright.” John was getting use to leaving a crime scene only minutes after arriving.
don’t exactly interest me John.”
John’s mobile went off, “Can you hand me my phone? That’s probably Jenny asking about our date.” Sherlock picked it up and looked at it for a moment.  “I have to somehow explain why my crazy flatmate has drugged me and is making me watch porn so I can’t make it.”
Those sea foam eyes gazed back up at him, almost looking lost. “I’m not going anywhere.”
"I'm….I'm dreaming." John was uncertain.
Come to Parker Street 542 as soon as possible, homicide, possibly another of those serial killings. SD
“Molly! Down here!”
“Then why don’t I also feel guilty?” he thought he won his point with this.
“John no, you cant do this, I wont let you. There are so many people that need you, love you, you cant leave them.”
John stroked his boyfriend's back for a moment till he brought it up to those black curls, holding his head against his neck gently until pulling back- which he really didn't want to do but knew he had to. "Don't say that, don't be sorry. You've never done anything like this before have you?"
He dared a look around, and realized he and Mycroft were the oldest people there, everyone else was significantly younger, late twenties, some even just teens. Applauding.
John sighed, he could get use to cat Sherlock.
“True, but it has compromised the results.”
“I suggest you start behaving yourself.”
“There isn’t time! I cant stop them!”
“John drugged me against my will.” Sherlock stated, “So you can just blame him. John, take me home, I want you to pet me again.”
“You will not remember the events that just took place. You will wake up and no longer be confused as to your whereabouts. All other commands are still in affect, do you understand?”
Sherlock’s eyes cleared a bit. He felt like he was being pulled in half when he tugged his tentacles closer. John stumbled to his knees, wrists still bound.
“Isn’t that the point?” Greg raised an eyebrow.
“N-no, nothing like that. I think he might be here. I know that sounds crazy, but I feel like he’s still here in the flat sometimes, or watching me at work. Then today,” John sighed, “I think he wanted me to take this case.”
They entered through the crack of the bedroom door, it was dark but an illuminated alarm clock allowed them to climb up a blanket that hung off the edge of the bed. John grabbed Sherlock’s arm leading him across a pillow and onto a nightstand, flicking a switch to turn on the small tableside lamp.
Part I
Dr. John Watson needed to die, but Mycroft wouldn’t let him. He needed a different sort of alternative.
"Oh please! It's written all over you!" She stood, now making an absolute scene of the matter. "No one calls you '
“What were you about to stay? That’s not even a reason, just a way to hide it. So why?” John stepped closer to Sherlock making the taller man feel cornered.
“Hang on, this lock is tricky.”
“It’s ok.”
The words hit John hard.
“Me, I mean me.”
there was little time left, he climbed back up one handed holding the vile in his other hand.
Greg flushed nearly as red as the tentacles on him. Was Mycroft getting off on that??
It. –
John swallowed, his voice shakier then ever “Sh-Sherlock?”
“I’m sorry, I’m not following, what?”
Warning, this chapter contains giant horrifying spiders as well as BAMF John.
“Sherlock? Oh, right,
“S-sorry, are you ok-“ John slowly realized what went wrong with his action. “Oh… oh god, I am so- so sorry!” he backed away a bit, not wanting to do more damage.
John sighed, “You haven’t yet, doesn’t that count for something?” Somehow, the though of Sherlock outside in the storm was far worse then being locked up in the flat with him fighting off tentacles. He gently placed his hands on the coiled limb around his waist. “You can control this.”
John went wide-eyed. “You’re naked.”
“Not like that, I’m not gay-“
“No! Just go, you’ve said quite enough already.” His whole body felt hot with rage.
“Er, yea, just out in the hall.” Greg quickly moved to grab the bags, feeling more then a bit embarrassed that he had brought the violin. What if John was more triggered by it then comforted?
Lestrade looked up at her confused, he hadn’t heard her say something like that since Sherlock.
Aren’t I always?-
Tell me why at least? –
Grace cocked an eyebrow, "Really?"
1. How would you guys feel if I had a chapter that John and Sherlock were not in? Should there always be scenes with them or is ok for them to miss a chapter?
Lestrade had nearly given up his search for John when he got the phone call. He rushed over as fast as he could. The sound of things being overturned and gone through were still loud as day. He cautiously took Mrs. Hudson’s spare key and let himself in.
John came home early from work the following day, they were over staffed and he decided a good sit and a cuppa might help with his nerves- if he could ever get his computer to work again. Just as John had put the kettle on, there was a knock at the door. That was unusual, his friends didn’t tend to drop in unannounced.
“Okay…” Obviously Sherlock didn’t want to talk about it. “Listen, I… I know he wants you to stay at his place for a bit-“
Boyfriends
“Leaving so soon?” Sherlock’s pale eyes saw through his ploy, “I was hoping you could help me with something.” He towered over the smaller man, something he missed dearly the day before.
“Can’t say. Its not an active case.” He had desperately wanted it to be, but there was too much evidence that it was a straightforward suicide for him to open a case. “Even I wasn’t allowed to see him after,” Like John, his sentence turned to ash on his tongue, the ending fading away.
“/We/. /We/ have a case.” Sherlock rolled his eyes as he tapped his foot, nervous over how poorly John was still taking things. He knew they couldn’t hear him, despite his best efforts. It had taken everything in him to write those messages and whisper to John earlier. Though at least he hadn’t gone running like the man on the security tape.
“Hm?” John looked him over; Lestrade was clearly under a lot of stress and possibly stress eating. “Wait, you mean Mycroft? So, does he always do this during storms or something?”
. His younger brother didn't seem to be brooding in the least that his flatmate/ partner/ blogger/ friend wasn't helping him with his newest case. No extra groceries had been brought in for the supposedly bedridden John, not even medicine. The only out of place visitor they had was John's sister, albeit that did reinforce the possibility the doctor was sick if she was paying them a visit.
John had been giving his full attention to Janette until that moment, when he suddenly looked all about him as if he had no idea how he had gotten there. “Sherlock?” his voice was very uneasy. He was sure he had known where he was and what he was doing just the moment before, it felt like a distant memory now, like someone had scrambled his brain.
His mind buzzed.
“Most people do.”
“SHHHH!” A shushing sound came from a room over.
A month later the weather was colder and everyone had begun dressing warmer. The whole police force had been treating John nicer then normal, he knew the reason why and it made him bitter inside. They all pitied him. They only saw him as the suicidal friend of the wacko possible murderer. The insults had come slowly, but soon John found he was regularly insulting the police force in general and individuals as he deduced their crimes. They were still nice to him and bit back retorts. John didn’t catch the whispers about him, the comparisons.
John let out a huff of irritation, at least his session was nearly over.
John fell over with a lap full of Sherlock. “Christ. You really are a cat. Come on then, go over to the damn couch and I’ll do it properly.”
John came back from Tesco’s, back to his usual attire of jeans and a jumper. “You should ask about any new cases.” He placed the groceries on the counter and turned to see Sherlock lounging on the sofa with his feet on the coffee table. John’s eyes widened. “You take those off right now! You have no idea how expensive those shoes were!”
“Damn it Greg! Yes! I’m small! I get it! You don’t have to put you damn face so close to me all the bloody time!”
Chapter 2:
John was suspicious someone had followed him on all three occasions. That someone being Lestrade. For a moment he thought back to the day Mycroft had kidnapped him and interrogated him about Sherlock, offering him money to spy on him. But surely Lestrade wouldn’t be spying for Mycroft… would he? John couldn’t for life of himself fathom why either of them cared what he did.
John looked over the ledge of the shelf. It was a long ways down for someone his size, but he had often seen jars like the one he was in fall with minimal damage. Food jars were often made with kids and accidents in mind, eventually being made of safer glass. That didn’t mean that the jar wouldn’t shatter of course. John weighed his options.
Sherlock had been playing the violin until he heard the muffled voices outside the door and set the instrument down as the door began to open. “John Hamish Watson you are far later then you said you would be, you told me you would only be an hour and it’s been…” he wasn’t expecting his flatmate to be so incapacitated and dragged around by a very buzzed DI.
“That is of course if you would like to repeat last night.”
“Accepted your- Sherlock, that’s really not funny. One of these days something bad could happen to you, and I would be devastated.” But despite his words, John felt a strange shiver up his spine.
“Sort of. We talk sometimes.” Greg just seemed down right depressed.
“This case is really that bad, is it?” John grabbed a chair, expecting some lengthy explanation.
The detective’s heart raced as he saw John narrowly avoid death as he attempted to force his nails through the opening of the exoskeleton.
That only made Mycroft smirk more. He gently nibbled at Greg’s ear, still holding his inflated belly. “Pregnant.”
Sherlock had come back.
“Ahhh-” Greg attempted to sit up a bit, but his skin was far too sensitive from being stretched now. He squirmed so get away from that thick appendage once more, hoping Mycroft was finally satiated.
Now John knew there was no way he could regain eye contact with her.
Trust me John, he does not care about me. –SH
“I thought I might run into here.” She narrowed her eyes at him.
“Hm? Oh, yea. I’m fine… don’t worry about the mug.” It was absolutely something Sherlock would do, often did whenever he had heard about John going on a date with someone. “He was joking you prat.”
John headed for the door, one last sad glance of the apartment. Sherlock angrily followed.
“Now what?” John was beyond relieved that it looked like they would both live to see another day.
Sherlock gasped in more air. In his haze, he wasn’t exactly sure what John had said to him or why he left. He only knew that he needed water and he needed it now. As much as he could possibly get. He held onto the door frame, pulling himself back to his feet before stumbling forward again. This time he managed to catch himself on the hallway wall and followed it down to the next door. Sherlock leaned against the door as he tried to regain his barring. The bathroom of course had water and he was so close now. He didn’t bother flicking the lights on as he felt his way into the darkened room. He tried grasping the hand of the bathtub but couldn’t manage to turn it, his strength feeling fully drained from him.
Things were never suppose to turn out this way.
John leaned in close to Sherlock’s ear, “That was really rude, you don’t just talk about things like that in front of people.”
Daniel beamed and suddenly took John’s hand to shake it with both of his own. “This is really great of you. Take all the time you need and I’ll check in on you in the mornings. Will Mr Holmes be here soon?”
-But it’s also psychosomatic, which is why it’s fine when you’re raiding and why you see a therapist.-
John was a bit more at ease at seeing that’s all it was. Just one of Sherlock’s new little tricks. Lestrade however, was far from laid back.
“Uh, normal I suppose.”
"I don't think so, it seems too fresh, like it was inflicted just before death, its also deeper then a cat's scratch."
“John…” Lestrade could tell he was nervous, “You’re not… back on drugs are you?”
John would later attribute his poor choice of words and misunderstanding to Sherlock pressuring him about his questionable sexuality. “Are you asking me out?”
“He let me hypnotize him and to be fair that’s very tame compared to what people on the internet had suggested. Bit of a waist though, he makes tea for me when I ask anyway. It’s the most complex thing I got him to do, likely because the action is already ingrained in his memory.”
The screen showed a pencil meaning Sherlock was writing something, but the delay in knowing another out of place beep was coming was driving him crazy. It was painstakingly long.
The closet door was blocked by a semi clear white shield. He ran his hand over the strangely glossy surface. This was an interesting development at least. He tried kicking at the salt, but the shield prevented him. It seemed it really did have some metaphysical importance.
“What’s Mycroft saying anyway?”
John thankfully woke in his own bed that morning. He remembered the previous day, but some parts seem to be slightly blurry. The only thing he was really sure of was that it was the first night in a long while that he didn’t have a single dream about the war. He lay back in bed and smiled at the ceiling, “That nutter did this.”
I knew you would like it. –
“I’m not sure, I suppose I can if I did it before. I’m not sure how much dexterity I can achieve though, if you want me to write things down using your hands, it would take a lot of practice.” Sherlock ran his long pale fingers over John’s arms where he had them outstretched and finally laced their hands together. “You don’t mind?”
It was killing John to know what he had sent.
The answer was obvious of course, because this woman was different from the others.
“Why are you experimenting with hypnotism on him? Er… I probably don’t want to know the answer actually.”
“Oh kitty I know ‘M late. ‘M sorry.” He stumbled weakly to the couch leaving the detective mere seconds to move his violin least it be crushed. John immediately squished his face into Sherlock’s neck. “Kitty’s been waiting for me all alone Greg, told you I ‘ad to come back.”
Harry cringed at the light pattering of footsteps approaching on the cement floor. She could see now that the floor beneath her was stained red. She could couldn’t help it as her breathing became labored and louder, heart rate speeding up.
The moment his hand touched the door handle he could feel a strange rumbling beneath his feet. He swung the door open as the tremor began making the house shake.
I said no. –
John could hear his flat mate calling for him, he estimated he was just below the floor tiles now and his ankle throbbed painfully. "I'm down here!" He could hear his voice echo but there was no sign that Sherlock had heard him.
A brief moment of panic shown in Sherlock’s eyes before he could mask his face with his expressionless look. “Of course. I just haven’t found it yet.”
“You would just look out and see for yourself.” The house was clearly torn apart in what was likely a rage but the jerky movement of the coat as Lestrade walked made it impossible to focus on anything.
Harry furrowed her eyebrows and bit past the pain to look up. A well dressed woman stood there grinning with a large knife in hand. She looked familiar, but Harry couldn’t quite place her at first.
The attacker swallowed, looking at his two unconscious allies lying on the ground, but he knew he would be skinned alive if he didn’t relay the message. “Boss wants you to work for him. Said you’d be a good sniper.”
John thrust the phone back in his pocket as he tried the handle, amazed to find it really was open. Sherlock really wasn’t trying very hard if he hadn’t locked it before texting him to leave.
One night in which John had been away for two nights Lestrade decided to text him, just a simple message, imply he hadn’t been trying to follow him.
"I do have medical training you know." The doctor was a tad annoyed with his flatmate at his remark.
It soon became a regular occurrence for John to come back to his dorm to the sound of Sherlock talking to himself through John’s computer, though the topics seemed much more restrained from that first time.
Sherlock had a hesitant look again.
Applause.
Chapter 7
I'm still working on all the typos and errors, sorry guys.
“Oh alright, you caught me.” Sherlock winked.
John quickly had Molly sit down as he took her pulse. It was definitely elevated from normal.
Sherlock had been pacing the room, searching for anything. But there wasn’t even as much as a loose strand of hair on the carpet. Which actually seemed a bit odd. The ground wasn’t exactly clean, but there wasn’t so much as an eyelash lying around? Someone cleaned this room up thoroughly and then locked it off. “This was staged. Someone was meant to see this. But why?” He looked at John. He really needed him right now. He had no idea how much his praise helped Sherlock think. Sherlock needed a look inside the closet. But when he tried, it wouldn’t budge. He couldn’t even step through it like he could with the door at home. Perhaps his haunting parameter was just out of reach of it. Maybe if he got John a bit closer to the door, even better, if he could get John to open it somehow.
Mycroft quickly adjusted his suit jacket as he joined Lestrade on the other end of the car, Sherlock’s cutting statements about his failing diet really were affecting him. ‘
That was simple enough, John could just nod in agreement and pretend it was something he had actually considered and would do. “Alright.”
“I need you to retrieve my coat for me from a warehouse on-“
John had never been so close to being found out before. He had taken such careful pains to allude Lestrade on his nights out, changing at the gym and going through a back exit, mustering the confidence that the CCTV cams weren’t clear enough to recognize him.
John jumped out of bed and ran after him, finding him staring into the large mirror with an unreadable expression. “I don’t even know how…”
John turned to see his savior. A tall man clad in black stood behind him, glock still raised out in defense.
Greg ignored them, he needed the truth before it drove him insane. “I don’t know what the fuck is happening, and yea, there’s kinda some freaky shit happening with you right now. But damn it Myc, I love you. I just have to know if this is mutual.” He grabbed Mycroft’s waist to pull him closer.
“Oh my god John!” despite wearing a nightshirt she pulled her blanket higher over herself. “How did you get in my flat?” She more confused then anything.
As Sherlock placed him on Lestrade's desk he felt eyes all over himself. "Greg? Not you too…." His head hung low. "You already saw me yesterday, there is really no need to stair."
“Its just,” He was going to sound utterly ridiculous. “What if it traps other spirits?”
-It doesn’t matter what it was! Don’t do that!-
-What?-
“Hmm? Oh-“ Lestrade tried to cut himself off quickly.
“Forgive you kitty.” John was already half asleep on Sherlock.
“You don’t believe in spirits or anything like that?”
Sherlock broke away from John’s lips, “and you thought everyone read your blog.”
“Him?”
-That’s Captain Hedgehog thank you very much! And that sounds more like IN-ductive reasoning then DE-ductive reasoning.-
John had hit his head on the tile countertop but was already up on his feet with great alarm as the paper towels began to go up in flames. His first thought was to put the fire out as fast as possible, but he soon realizes the flames were far above his head and he could do nothing. He backed away from the spreading fire, he was running out of counter space and the fall down looked pretty high compared to his size.
Anyone else would have missed the small smirk Sherlock gave as he wrote down another note. Then pulled the second image.
“Five five.”
“ Is not sorry.” John could hardly keep his eyes open as he was being tucked into his flatmat’s bed once again.
“You complain nearly every time we come look at bodies and now you’re the one wandering in on your free time. Really John, is this what grief has done to you?” Sherlock examined the bruised knuckles of a corpse. “This one fought back in his final moments… I’ll bet it was his lover, if only I could interview some people…”
“That’s not what I mean! I’m sorry… but it’s not. I know you’re trying very hard, and I do appreciate that. Taking me out is probably the only thing saving my sanity at the moment. But this is all that my life will ever be if I am stuck. I can’t work, or even see people. I’ll just be hidden in your pocket from the world.”
‘Brother, you should know by know how serious this is.’ –MH
Harry: My John. You sure have an awful lot of women that comment on your blog. –Wink-
You’re not answer.
"I did, came back to get my stuff. And I only left because you stay up all night long laughing at your bloody computer screen. Arse."
"I'm sorry Sherlock, but I really just can't let you-" She stopped mid sentence.
Lestrade was in 221B fifteen minutes after receiving the text from Sherlock. He noticed the door was uncharacteristically unlocked.
There was a hum on the other end of the computer.
He made quick work of packing for the night, grabbing just the essentials and a few open cases he thought he might a review for the hundredth time while there.
He was very unsure of himself and had yet to realize the overly close proximity of Sherlock in the cab, his question for the genius over dinner still sat awkwardly unanswered.
“Mycroft?!” He went towards the sound of running water without looking for a light switch and found himself in a kitchen. He had no idea what the lay out of the house was or where he might find anything in it. He soon realized the sound had been coming from the sink, which was inexplicably left on and was gushing out water. The basin was completely full as water spilled out and onto the floor. This was certainly not a good sign.
Sherlock peeled off the oversized coat, the rest of his clothes just as awkwardly too long. “It’s not done yet.” He turned his face away.
“Anyone there?”
Janette took an unsteady step closer, “Are you feeling alright?”
“Fine.” He pretended his breakfast was the most interesting thing in the world.
“Not him.” Lestrade hung his head down.
“You’re the best John.” He dipped his neck to rub his head against John’s chest. “You’re brilliant.” John felt rather then heard him purring now.
“It will go away… but the homicide John! It can’t wait a few days.” Sherlock moaned.
Mycroft tried pulling back a bit, his breath hitching as his eyes darkened a bit. But Greg ignored it and pulled him closer for a light kiss. The dark of Mycroft’s eyes consumed them again, however and soon he was forcing his way into that mouth.
Sherlock waited to hear Lestrade’s foot steps at the bottom of the stairs before picking his very intoxicated blogger up and putting him in bed.
Wont be naming it then?- JW
John glanced over his shoulder at the box one more time before a second beep came from the screen.
John stifled a soft smile forming and looked back at Ella. “I’ve been much better lately. You know that.”
John recalled Mycroft saying something similar a few days prior. He kneeled by the pillows gathered and softly pet the messy head of curls right between the cat ears. “What am I going to do with you?”
“It’s a wonder how any crime will ever be solved from now on.”
“Nope. I can guarantee that was the only time.” He didn’t realize he started subconsciously petting the black mess of curls resting on him until then.
“He’s joking.” John tried to laugh but found his throat was too dry.
“That’s because I’m not gay. It’s been 24 hours.”
“No, I’m not letting you go alone. I’m coming with you, and there’s no use in telling me not to if it’s ‘perfectly safe’, and don’t claim I could possibly keep Molly safe at this size.”
Sherlock let go of his hands, shushing him despite knowing it wouldn’t be heard as he tried his best to wipe John’s tears away and hold him. “It’s ok, it’s ok… it’s not even that bad, just boring. I don’t like food and eating, I don’t go out unless it’s for a case, I don’t even have friends except for you John. You’re the only one that matters to me, please be strong.”
“Shh, there there now. I wont kill you for a while now.”
“Agreed.”
“Lestrade? Seriously?” Sherlock sighed as if expecting this, “At least it wasn’t Anderson. Now come on.” He pulled him away and towards the bodies.
Sherlock sighed, looking up at his phone as he laid in bed. Maybe today was a bad idea… What if John didn’t like him after they met? He had a tendency to rub off on people the wrong way after all. He groaned as he sat up, desperately wanting to text John that he changed his mind, that today was off. But he couldn’t bring himself to do it. He wanted to meet John so bad, see him in person, all the little details that his computer wouldn’t show him. The calluses on his hands, the way he stood and held himself, the exact pitch of his voice… He needed John so bad. Why had he never told him the truth? This was doomed to go bad. He hadn’t really lied, not exactly, just failed to mention it. But wasn’t that the same? And god… last night. John had told him he loved him. Sherlock had wanted to say those words back, he had wanted that for so long, but he couldn’t. Not yet. John had to know first, see what he was getting himself into before they could have any form of attachment.
“Because you haven’t gone on a date in weeks, plus I’m the reason your last one didn’t pan out. It will be fun. Just ask her. When you come back I’ll tell you what was in your tea.”
“Er, actually he sort of ran away.”
“How could I have ever thought it was too soon for jam?” A chuffed John sat crossed legged licking thick jam off his hands.
Sherlock checked his watch, this test was a time sensitive matter after all. “Alright then, put the shopping basket down, good. Now, on your knees.”
John set the toy down and started by simply stroking himself, he knew it might take some encouragement to build up to the task at hand. He removed the cap to the lube and slicked up his fingers, slowly inserting one inside himself with a small wince. He sat on his knees, legs spread for a better angle as he slowly started fucking himself. One hand played with his balls lightly as he slowly stretched himself till he thought he could push the toy in without much pain.
"John…" Mycroft started but when he saw his little brother come up behind him, shirt undone and hair a mess he stopped, he was second best at deductions to only one, he could easily see every event that had transpired between them and for once, he really didn't want to spoil his brother's or John's moment.
Chapter 3
“You told me”
John sighed. “Great… so you only said that to see how I would react I take it?”
“Just a moment.” He unlocked the door to see a husky man that had brought a cardboard box with him. “uh- Hello? Can I- uh, help you?”
“Are you serious?” he asked incredulously.
He had been red with embarrassment that not only was his ex really making a scene about a false relationship between him and the British Government, but right in front of the man at that, until of course that last word. "Hey, wait just a minute! What the hell is wrong with that?" He remembered Mary's cutting words the night before as she said what Sherlock and John were doing was a 'sin.'
Sherlock released John’s face and grabbed his notebook writing down all of his new findings.
Lestrade blinked. ‘no?’ “Ah, never mind then. Just assumed.”
________________________________________
“It’s weird. Having to look up at you when you talk.” He had to make an effort to climb into bed.
“Well it’s your fault I was fired!”
Chapter 14
“Pay attention instead of trying to deduce where you are. Even if you did figure out your location it wouldn’t do you any good. Besides, I’ve gone through all this trouble of making a play house for your little toy.”
Greg took a bite of his eggs if only to give a moment to think. He didn't want this, he really didn't need this woman back in his life. "Listen, I-" a small lie never hurt anyone. "There's somebody else."
"Yea, it's a flat share." '
Sherlock opened his mouth and shut it several times before deciding on what to say. “He’s a grown man, why would he run away and what from?”
"No, it's not!" he turned back quickly and closed their momentary distance. "Everything she said John, it was wrong. I do love you. I love you so much." His hands were on John's neck before he knew it, "I… I want you John."
Chapter 3
“You did try to kill yourself twice to be fair, a few weeks of being watched is required for high risk patients. But if you convince me you wont do anything stupid again we can have your release papers signed today.”
Sherlock’s eyes doubled in size.
Sherlock didn’t remember being hit with the gun, only that his vision had suddenly darkened. When he came to he was strapped to a chair facing a table that held a dollhouse.
“I want you to tell me about what you’ve been feeling since the war.”
“John?! John are you ok? Say something.” Sherlock sounded every bit as frantic as he was.
“You don’t even know him Sherlock. He could be some sort of internet predator.”
“You’re a bad cat.”
Sherlock’s face reddened deeply as he turned his back to the crowd and tried to regain focus. John watched flatmate’s odd reaction to insult. He had never once been upset by anything he heard Donavan or Anderson call him. Narrowing his eyes, John stormed closer to the crowd.
“I’m sorry, I… I just needed to.” He couldn’t quite explain it, but he finally didn’t feel so overwhelmingly dried out.
Molly looked up, “Did something happen??”
Sherlock was fully attentive now.
Just as Lestrade was about to get through the door swung open nearly knocking him in the face. John was soaking wet with a towel around his waist.
Preventing hypothermia sets the mood, yes. –
“Who else is in here?” the woman asked, obviously annoyed that John hadn’t told her.
Lestrade nearly jumped out of his skin, “He’s got- he’s got bloody cat ears!”
"I just wanted to check up on you."
She was looking past him, “Do you hear that? There’s a noise, like someone moving the tables…”
Chapter 14
"We investigated the scene yesterday, I suspect they weren't the first victims. But since there were two it stood out. Might have been a mistake, the perpetrator only meant to kill one of them and poisoned the other by mistake. Or our killer is taking greater risks. Hard to say."
Why’s that? -
“In it?” The detective plopped the box on the floor and promptly crawled inside. “Can you believe Mrs. Hudson didn’t want this perfectly good box anymore?”
“And the second that will have me sleeping in my own bed.” John shot back.
“Drink it.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. I like you just as much both ways. I just don’t want you thinking you should have to hide this.”
“To be fair you’ve sort of been putting me through hell lately.”
It was faint, but Sherlock’s mouth peeked up a bit at the right corner in a slightly bemused smile, “And why is that then? Not the least bit curious?” he would have died from embarrassment a few minutes previously for saying that, but John was turning a most pleasant shade of red as he flustered through his words.
“What does that mean?” Molly whispered, obviously still a bit afraid.
Sherlock swallowed.
“Sherlock?” John looks around confused.
“In this case, yes.” John had his arms behind his back and stepped closer to Sherlock leaning his head forward just enough to rest his forehead against the tip of Sherlock’s nose.
“Yes John, I was the shortest person in school. Then overnight I was taller then most everyone. It was horrible and awkward and I don’t want to talk about it.” He crossed his arms and jumped onto the couch.
-Wow, that’s brilliant!-
“I doubt that. He’ll show up again if he’s able to, but only on his own accord. It would take a rather clever individual to get the upper hand on him, so there wont be much to anything to go on.”
“Is this an EMF detector?” John raised an eyebrow, not sure how that was suppose to help.
"Well to be fair you jumped up with no warning."
"I do too!" the detective huffed back in annoyance.
John had gotten use to sneaking into his dorm quietly just in case Sherlock had already hacked his skype account and was taking away at the empty room. The night before however he had taken the precaution of turning his computer off. He locked his door, taking a moment to check the thickness of the walls, which appeared to be adequate. John brought out the slim smooth toy in question and swallowed hoarsely. It was firm yet soft at the same time. He carefully set it on the desk and looked at it for a moment, admiring the subtle curve and smooth texture. The box still sat just beneath his desk, he eyed it for a moment, only then noticing a small container inside. Curious, he brought the box closer and pulled the item out, it was a small bottle of lube that had apparently come with the purchase.
“Can’t say.” He glimpsed down the hall but John and Molly were already out of sight. “Promised it wouldn’t leave the flat.”
Greg gently pulled him closer and wrapped his arms around Mycroft’s neck. He needed him to understand that they were done for now. “Come back to me now?”
I regret to inform you that Sherlock has passed away since I received this message and I am no longer in the business of solving-
“Oh, no, not that, well I’m sorry about that too. I meant what Donovan said.”
John continued to call out to no avail, his voice was simply too small.
John noticed a strange look on Sherlock’s face he didn’t recognize. “What is it?”
At that moment the large metal door leading into the room had opened. Sherlock instinctively dropped the phone and cupped his hand over John to hide him.
“Sorry, I shouldn’t bother you. I’m starting to sound like my damn therapist now- always harping me that I need to get out more.” John tried relieving the conversation of it’s unwarranted tension.
-Live at home then?-
Sherlock can’t leave the flat, it was hard enough sneaking in without suspicion. If he just strolls out now he’ll be seen. He regrets dropping his phone and leaving it at Bart’s, one phone call and he knows John will come running. He had to though, if the cell phone had gone missing or turned up as still in use, Moriarty’s men would know.
“I know, I know, but I wasn’t prepared for this. Don’t you pout at me!”
"Just that you must be if you weren't satisfied with this." She referred to herself.
“I thought that you liked them.” He stammered, “You uh… you were paying more attention to me.” He quickly looked down and away.
-It’s alright. Yes, I do.-
Sherlock grabbed John’s computer sitting on the coffee table near them and began going through John’s files. “Vacation photos? Really John?”
“What the bloody hell did you do to me?!”
“And it’s not nearly as soft as the original but it will have to do for now.”
John calmed down a bit at that, not that it mattered to him who Greg liked. Or who Sherlock dated. Obviously. “Not to sound like Sherlock, but if he doesn’t feel the same, or like anyone for that matter, why don’t you just move on? I mean, lots of other people out there after all.” He really hoped that wasn’t insensitive. But Mycroft wasn’t really the type anyone should be pinning after.
“Informative videos on hypnotism.”
“It’s fine. If there’s a development I’ll be watching on the CCTV footage anyway…”
Curiosity got the better of the doctor. “What other things can you do?” really he should have known better then to ask that.
I think you could be right. We have to bring her in and I’m sorry, but you have to tell John.- GL
“And you for reasons beyond me claim to be a sociopath, which you clearly aren’t. Not to mention implying you’re asexual every chance you get.”
“Nervous?”
John shushed him with a finger to the mouth, “Are you coming out with me or not?”
Mycroft put the phone on speaker and sat at Lestrade’s desk, “Apologies Gregory, but I must commandeer your computer.”
“Well, Sherlock’s plan was to steak the place out. Stay in the flat and wait to see if anything happened. Besides, since it’s a case, I’m sure the rent is free for a while as long as I’m investigating.” He wasn’t sure what his plan might be if nothing ever turned up.
-Seems to be that time of night.-
I miss you. JW
“John! What are you doing? Run, slide down the table leg or something, GET OUT!”
John tilted his head looking at his short and somewhat pathetic friend. “Come on then.”
Thought you might ask that, of course. –SH
“The hell was that?” The officer had stumbled all the way to the ground.
Next to the register was a plain small parcel with Sherlock’s name on it, after inspecting the contents that he ordered when he had first come to the store two days ago he put it in his interior pocket. Contemplating the other item in his pocket that he had brought with him he looked back at John who had changed into a striped shirt yet no longer seemed enthused about the new wardrobe selections.
First he dressed in a well tailored suit. He didn’t like it.
Sherlock froze. “I know who the main target is.”
Sherlock blinked, his pupils returning to normal. He was a bit alarmed that he seemed to now be standing before remembering what had just occurred. It was like he was in a strange daze. “I’ll be in my room.” He attempted to quickly pass John and make it to his doorway.
John looked at the open door. He could just go right now and pretend he never heard this. But obviously the DI had been bottling this up for some time and there must have been a part of him that wanted to talk about it or he never would have said anything. Shite. John closed the door to the office and took his seat back.
“Deal.”
“Ah, John, glad you’re here, where’s Sherlock?” Lestrade asked peering around.
“What was… oh… your shoes. Wow, Er… those are nice. Different.” He wasn’t sure what the appropriate response was for being caught looking at the almost sexualized shoes and by extension legs on his otherwise shy and mousy coworker.
“Fuck. Are you saying someone is trying to threaten me with Harry’s life?”
You know what I meant, and I wish I had known you’re in London sooner. –
‘You’re lying.’
“Aha!” she could see the faint blue light appear just behind the skull.
he told himself.
Something was different.
“No! Lock, don’t you ever dare think like that.”
Sherlock blinked. He wasn’t really sure. He only knew that last night holding his blogger in his arms as he fell to sleep was strangely satisfying.
“Of course. It’s close by anyway.”
“Oh God yes.”
John bought Sherlock several catnip filled cat toys as a joke, Sherlock failed to see he was being made fun of and thoroughly enjoyed them. The blogger’s day turned out better then expected, minus a the slight embarrassment he endured in front of Lestrade once again.
