JARVIS sighed.
“If I was braver, I’d done this when I first met you. Throw you on a table, in front of SHIELD and the Avengers, and had my way with you. Make you and everyone know you’re mine.”
He grabbed the near empty bottle and took it over to a cabinet where the liquor stock was kept. When his back turned, he heard a soft murmur that would have been inaudible if not for the serum.
And then Steve complained about Tony for another 15 minutes, the end of which his rant drifted off into silence as Steve noticed Bucky’s grin was slowly widening.
“Yeah, about that.” Tony smiled sheepishly at him. “Turns out I can’t focus and work as well without music. It’s been taking me a long time and you know about projects’ deadlines. Sorry, honey, looks like you have to take one for the team.”
, lay hidden by his words, and Tony knew Bruce was doing this on purpose but he wasn’t falling for it this time.
“Barely.” And then Tony laughed nervously.
Tony reached up with grabby hands and pouted exaggeratedly when Steve made a quick detour instead to the bathroom. He returned with a damp washcloth and tenderly cleaned Tony’s groin and buttocks, but before he could pull away, Tony pulled him down into his arms.
“Well I was hoping you could explain that to me. You created him after all.”
Tony blinked up at him. “…ow.” His hands were still outstretched but were angled in a way that looked unnatural. Steve grabbed them and Tony hissed. “Doubly ‘ow.’”
Tony wound a hand into Steve’s hair to pull him back down to his mouth. The elevator doors opened to the penthouse and they stumbled out, never letting go of each other. Steve cupped Tony’s ass with both hands and pulled him even closer, grinding their lower bodies together. Tony groaned into his lips and walked backwards in direction of his bedroom, taking Steve with him.
After breakfast, Steve went down to the workshop, where predictably Tony hadn’t slept.
Steve blushed, remembering at last moment that he’d forgotten to put on a shirt. He said, “Do you have any idea what time it is?”
Bruce winced but sat down beside them, grabbing hold of Tony’s left hand. Tony hissed again. “Definite damage to the wrist, probably broken but we won’t know for sure until we got x-rays.” He took the other hand from Steve. “Not as much damage to this one, but again, x-rays.”
After soaking for ten minutes, feeling his fingers prune, Steve inclined his head towards the ceiling as JARVIS spoke again. “Captain, the coffee machine has finished brewing, ready for consumption. There are several cartons of eggs and packets of bacon for you to cook your breakfast. However, if you wish, I can easily order in from a five-star restaurant.”
Tony doubled forward once Clint let go, feeling Clint’s come drip out of his hole.
“Tony,” Steve said, “We can handle it without you, don’t worry. If we really need Iron Man’s help, then have JARVIS pilot the suit. But I won’t let you get yourself injured intentionally.”
There was a pause before JARVIS said, with a hint of reluctance in his voice, “He’s in the maintenance closet one floor below you.”
“I got you.”
Tony stared. He was silent for a long time, looking completely flabbergasted. “Wha…? What, what would make you think that? Of course you did nothing wrong!”
Tony was painfully aware of the vibration inside him.
“Imagine, having everything all at once, where I can take you apart, slowly, until all you can think about is how good I’m making you feel. You’d be so lost in the pleasure you’d forget your own name.”
He groaned and lifted his tumbler of whisky to his lips.
“We’re not done discussing the mission!”
“Um,” Tony said. He grinned at Steve self-consciously.
“Rhodey’s always right,” Tony replied, as if on reflex. His eyes were wide and hopeful and darkened with lust. “I’m really bad with emotions, which is why I’ve waited until now, but I honestly really like you.”
“I don’t think that’s the problem.”
Steve gave him an extremely unimpressed look.
Tony glanced at him momentarily. “Nothing on your long lost Lenore, but check out their supplies.”
With a shrug he began to undress, figuring that it was unlikely the spy would find out what he did in the privacy of his room. No matter how good she was, she wasn’t psychic. He tossed the contents of the bag onto his bed and grabbed the barely used bottle of lube that came along with the toy. He lay down in the center of the bed and felt suddenly self-conscious.
When Tony left medical the splints were turned into casts and his scowls were deeper than ever. Clint mocked him ruthlessly until Tony threatened to sic the Hulk on him the next time Bruce turned.
“…it’s actually really hot the fact that that’s a legitimate concern.”
“My apologies, Captain, but Dummy insisted on it as a form of recompense.”
Dummy gestured at the ceiling and then to the bed, where Tony noticed a small device not unlike a tablet was sitting next to the picture, propped up on the pillows. “Yes, Dummy,” came JARVIS’ weary tone and a hologram appeared at the far wall. And because someone must hate Tony, it was playing that fucking video that Dummy made.
“Yeah. I figured they just got mixed up with Thor’s again. Weird thing is it’s just my shirts. My pants are all there.” He shrugged. “It’s all right though, I’m not that hot.”
AIs can’t judge, he reminded himself. Besides, JARVIS had probably seen worse.
He stood up, shoving his feet into the sandals by his bed, before stumbling out of his apartment and into the hallway. Someone on the floor above was screaming obscenities and a few people were poking their head out into the hall, glaring at him like it was his fault. He paid them no mind as he turned towards the apartment next to his.
It wasn’t like Tony was lonely, not like he used to be. He now had a team, which was taking some getting used to, and he knew if he wanted company he could take the elevator down to the communal floor and seek a teammate out. (Though he often felt a bit flat-footed, especially with the arrangement the team now had.)
“Well, he is a learning AI, sir. He learns through observation.”
There was a way-too-long pause and JARVIS said, “I do not believe I am at liberty to tell you.”
Tony laughed. “You seriously didn’t think you’d get to keep them? You were taking
“Fuck off, Barton.”
Steve settled down on the floor across from him. He gave him an assessing look. “Tony, I know it must be awful for you. Hell, I’d probably be angrier than you are—”
“Apparently you were inspired by Japanese prank shows, Sir,” said JARVIS in a long suffering tone.
“You don’t… have to rub it in my face,” Tony managed to say, squeezing his eyes shut. He was so red he could feel his ears were hot. Steve soothingly rubbed at his tensing shoulder, still rocking steadily with a perfect rhythm. Tony barely registered it, though, becoming wrapped up in his thoughts again.
“If it comes between you or him, I will always pick you, sir.”
Apparently Rogers took an entire 24 hours to ruminate and then came back to the workshop, walking in like he was preparing to go to war, his shoulder squared and all.
JARVIS’ voice sounded exhausted, as if the last thing he wanted was to have this conversation right now. “Dummy has been taking inspiration from television on how to profess love to someone.”
“Right. Wrong. Now if you’d excuse me—”
“Did you really think I was going to punch you?”
“Seriously, you’re making me depressed.” Dummy lifted his arm up to look over at Tony. “Don’t give me that. All right, I miss him too, but he’s got SHIELD work, he’ll be back in another week. Damn needy robot.”
The floor was pretty empty, mostly just storage spaces for the useless inventions he makes when he goes on an engineering binge. He found the maintenance closet quickly, pulling the door open and readying to tease Dummy.
“Yes.” Tony reached for him and led him back into another kiss, this one sweet, letting Steve know that there would be more for them after this. Their urgency turned it dirty and Steve was sucking Tony’s bottom lip between his teeth, worrying at it until it became red and glossy.
Tony could hear a short exchange on the other end of the line, muted as Jim must have been talking to a fellow officer. After a pause, Rhodey said in a regretful tone of voice, “I have to cut this short. Sorry, something’s come up.”
“Why else would he be ignoring me?”
“Probably hiding in a closet, embarrassed and shit. Don’t worry about it, he’ll get over it.”
He was turned violently around and pushed against the wall, Cap looming above him, his eyes enraged. When Tony tried to escape, Steve held a hand easily against his shoulder, pressing him back. Tony squirmed but found he couldn’t escape.
All at once, three bots whipped their hands to face him and he stared right back.
Steve hesitated when he saw Tony was staring at the opposite wall. Looks like Project Sweep Tony Off His Feet was postponed once again.
“You were perfect, Tony. I loved it.” Tony smiled. The enticement of sleep was pulling him under, but he had one last thought to voice.
“Turn it off.”
“That doesn’t surprise me.” Steve bit at his earlobe gently and scraped his teeth on his neck, sucking a mark high above the collarbone.
“Just do it,” he whined.
Bucky chuckled. “Well with the way you two are going on, yes.”
When Clint pulled away, he smacked his ass, making the plug scrape against his tender insides. Tony whimpered, but Clint ignored him in favor of pulling Steve in for a dirty kiss.
“Oh, Steve,” Tony cried out. With the relentless pounding and the slight friction on his cock, he could feel himself tumbling closer to the edge. “Ah, baby, I’m so close.”
“Not in the way that you think. Dummy holds you in high regard and wished to make some sort of gesture. He appears to have taken inspiration from TV shows and films on how to apologize to a loved one.”
The pictures scattered on the floor, but Dummy went back to his task of cleaning it all up with no complaint. He hesitated on one photo of Steve, shirtless and sweaty, but grinning from exercise endorphins.
“Who?”
Dummy abruptly turned his back on Tony and moved towards the exit.
Thor stood up and towered over everyone else in the room. “You have fought gloriously today in battle, Man of Iron. I anticipate for you a swift recovery.”
“I’m complaining to Mr. Kennedy,” Steve said.
“Not nearly enough if we’re talking.”
Steve said, “You know we were eating lunch, right?”
“Think you can put your mouth to better use,” Steve said evenly, before shoving Tony down to his knees. Tony stared, dumbfounded, as Steve zipped down his pants and took himself out, stroking his cock in anticipation. “Well, what are you waiting for?”
Tony startled at the sound of Steve’s snickering, his eyes darting to see Steve’s amused expression. Steve said, “You know, there are better ways of getting a guy’s attention.”
“Steve. We’ve already been on four dates already. Usually I put out
“Sir, he did live in a neighborhood with a substantial homosexual population and active night life scene back in the 1940s.”
“Quiet,” Steve snapped and the two complied. The team probably thought he was on edge over the mission. And he was but not as much as they figured. This wasn’t the first time the team infiltrated a HYDRA base. Besides, just before the call, he was readying Tony’s breakfast, planning on making the resident genius eat before confessing. He had the ensuing conversation all planned out too. Tomorrow, he thought miserably.
“Captain, the bath’s water would go to waste. I know you dislike being wasteful.”
The call came in at 11 in the morning and the Avengers assembled. They were briefed on the situation at SHIELD quickly before boarding the quinjet and headed to Illinois of all places.
Clearing his throat, he said, “Uh, J, make sure no one disturbs me until I’m done.”
After that Steve had to deal with an irate Tony coming out of anesthesia and before the pain meds kicked in.
They won’t notice if he kept just one.
Dummy let out a soft, disappointed beep and Steve tried to smile encouragingly at him. He returned to his drawing, a rough sketch of Tony playing with the blue light, his long fingers twisting like a magician’s. In fact, if one would look into his sketchbook, starting at the beginning, they would see the natural progression of Steve acclimatizing to the future. First were the sketches of the Howling Commandos and Peggy, beautiful Peggy, before the subjects turned into the Avengers, lounging in the common room, at a dining room table for family dinners, their bodies in action during sparring.
“No!” Tony said at the same time as his cock jerked at the thought of a check up. And – wow,
“That works for me,” Steve said. He knew he probably looked stupidly happy, and that this was simply two friends eating together, totally platonic, totally not a date, but he couldn’t help it.
With that, Tony turned back to his bed, scanning his nightstand for his favorite pair of sunglasses. Of course, by the time he arrived fashionably late, the sky would have darkened enough that the use of sunglasses would be unnecessary, but he wouldn’t let that stop him. He hoped that the venue would be serving caviar and not supplying boring finger sandwiches or that would be all that the guests be complaining about—
“Calm down, let me just finish examining them.”
Tony grunted, reaching for his thermos and taking a sip.
Just when Tony thought they were reaching the apex, his thighs shaking with the strength of Steve’s thrusts, Steve stopped abruptly. He ran his hands soothingly down Tony’s back and into his hair, but he stopped giving Tony what he needed. Tony was shaking with the force of his release being denied once again, eyes watering, but Steve ignored it all, holding entirely still inside him.
“Oh no, we’re keeping it all inside you.” Tony could feel the plug being pressed back into him and he shuddered at the sensation against his overworked hole. He was pulled away from the counter to face Clint again, who smirked at him before reeling him in for a passionate kiss.
“If you want. But I was thinking we should start with coffee.” He retrieved a pack of Italian dark roast from the floor. “I tried Italian coffee once when I was stationed in Turin. Wonder if it’s changed much.”
Before Steve can reply, Tony glared and muttered, “Don’t bother,” before turning his back on him again.
“But—but I’m an asshole.”
“You’re wearing too many clothes,” Steve said as he leaned away, working on his own clothing. Tony didn’t respond; he took his shirt off and threw it somewhere on the ground, and struggled with his jeans. Once Steve was fully divested of clothes, he grabbed the ends of Tony’s pant legs and pulled, nearly dragging Tony along with it.
“Now’s not the time, J. If it’s a meeting, reschedule,” Tony said as he walked across the penthouse, heading towards his bedroom.
Tony laughed nervously. “You might feel differently in a few minutes. So, the thing is… Remember when I said I needed music to help me concentrate? Well, I was kinda… lying…”
“Ah. You should go think about it then.” He tried to edge past him but then Rogers placed a hand on his shoulder.
“I was actually f-fine,” Tony said, wondering if he can sneak his hand into his pocket to where the remote was without drawing attention. If Steve could hear anything, he gave no indication. “Uh, I was actually going to back to my workshop, get started on that new SHIELD contract.”
“No underwear,” Clint noted, as Steve took him into his mouth in one smooth motion. Tony gasped. “I don't know which would be hotter, you wearing nothing, or maybe a nice pair of lacy panties. Red,” he said with a grin as he moved behind Tony. “Definitely red.”
“Ew. Have fun, I guess, how is that fun again?”
This…
“I can’t just forget—”
“Honey bear, every day my heart longs for you, when are you coming home?” Tony swung the door to his bedroom open, tossing his coat carelessly on the back of sofa. He knew he looked like a tool, holding a Starbucks drink in one hand and wearing sunglasses indoors while talking into his Bluetooth headset. He looked like the typical self-important businessman he and Rhodey would make fun of. Good thing this wasn’t a video call.
Tony scoffed. “Please, I’ve seen how you favor him. ‘Is that all, Captain Rogers? Do you want me to order in your favorite lemon chicken, Captain Rogers?’”
“I’m sick of your bullshit, Stark. You always do whatever you want, never caring about anyone but yourself. I think it’s about time you learn your lesson.” Steve’s tone was even and almost neutral, if it wasn’t for the blazing fire in his eyes. His grip was firm but not tight enough to leave bruises, and Tony almost wished that he would lose control for once.
Um, here's
“What?”
Steve’s brows furrowed. “Is something wrong with him?”
The bots reluctantly nodded and left the shop in search of Dummy.
“I bet she is,” Tony muttered. “I think I'll go take care of this now, see you two later.”
This was not amusing to him at all. But by the fiftieth time he complained to Bucky about it at work, he could see his best friend was trying hard not to burst out laughing at him.
The time period between Pepper leaving and the Avengers moving in was too short though. He should be happy that he was no longer drifting in such a large, empty space. It was strange, to wander into the kitchen at midnight and find another person being similarly kept awake by nightmares. That silent empathy and understanding. It really shouldn’t come as a surprise that he stopped venturing outside of his workshop, only interacting with the team when it came to missions and debriefings.
“Wow,” Tony said breathlessly. “You really like that, huh?”
The giggling that started very quickly turned into wheezing and Tony clapped Steve awkwardly on the shoulder. “‘Not that hot,’” Tony repeated.
“Buck!”
about me.”
Steve winced at the sound. “You sure I wasn’t too rough when I…?”
“Fucked my face?” Tony supplied cheerfully. “Nope. And don’t give me that look, I know you enjoyed it.”
If it wasn't for Clint’s other arm wrapped around his middle, Tony would have toppled over by now. He moaned and moved between the two of them desperately, the sensations rapidly building, but he didn't want this to be over. He wanted everything they could give him.
“Fuck off.”
Dummy didn’t react, as if waiting for him to continue.
“The team and I destroyed the weapons before we left.”
“Yeah, he’s cool with it. So sorry, babe.”
“Hey, Tony,” Steve said, right when Tony had made it through. Tony forced himself to stop, knowing how weird and awkward it would look it he'd just book it. “You know I can hear it, right?”
Steve was aware that he was staring. Truth be told, he was always staring when he was down in the workshop, but Tony was so engrossed in his suit repairs that he never noticed. Right now, in the middle of the room, blue light was forming a visual of the suit and Tony was rotating the display with his hands, almost reverently. But Steve’s attention was not on the marvel of modern technology.
Instead of responding, Steve pushed Tony’s shirt up, latching his mouth to the skin of his abdomen, his fingers unbuttoning his jeans. He moved the pants and boxers down and grasped Tony in his hand. And Tony was responding beautifully, arching underneath him when Steve gave a long, firm pull.
Sam shook his head but didn’t comment further. Bucky continued to needle him until their supervisor came by to tell them to stop goofing around.
Tony reluctantly stepped away from Steve and headed towards his closet, patting Dummy on his way. Dummy beeped happily.
, y'know, if you want to talk to me about superhusbands or anything to do with marvel, really.
“Good.” He squared his shoulders and prepared himself to drag Tony to the medbay.
At those words, Steve’s rocking sped up, his cock aiming at his sweet spot. Tony gasped wetly, tears still streaming, but Natasha held onto him, murmuring words of praise. Tony caught some of the words, like “good boy” and “so pretty,” but he focused on the quickening thrusts inside him, doubts scattering from his mind.
Steve looked up from his sketchbook. He had been down here in the past hour or so, waiting patiently for the conversation that never came. Tony was talking to JARVIS, verbally describing additions to the holographic schematics in front of him. Steve took a deep breath and stood up, walking over to sit next to Tony on the other stool. It took a few minutes, but Tony became aware of his presence and turned towards him.
“Yes.” And Steve leaned down to give him a sweet kiss. Then he took his hands and placed a kiss on each palm. “I did.”
Steve kissed him partially to quiet him. He took his fingers out and coated himself with more slick. He wound one arm under Tony’s thigh to keep him spread open, and pressed the head of his dick against the entrance. Tony exhaled carefully and Steve pushed inside.
Steve was tempted to shove his way inside the apartment and break the speakers, politeness be damned. “Can you turn it down, like way down, or put on some headphones?”
— his cock was pressed up against Tony’s entrance, the head gliding inside.
It was dark on this particular floor of the tower, complete silence, and for once its resident was asleep, instead of spending his hours punishing a punching bag. He was even snoring.
So much for distractions.
Steve smiled brilliantly, relief so clearly on his face, and Tony felt bad for even considering saying ‘no.’ Steve unbuckled his jeans and pulled them down, freeing his aching cock.
Tony flapped his hand in the direction of the night table to the right. Steve managed to find the bottle and a condom and was squirting the lube in his fingers when he froze. “Wait, you have done this before, right?”
“Uh, never mind.” He bit at his bottom lip and Steve’s eyes tracked the movement. Tony muttered something too low to hear and then gestured at his monitor. “Right now I’m doing the coding for a new OS.”
Which was just as fine to Tony. Taking a long drink of his thermos, he went back to work.
It didn’t take long then. Tony threw his head back, arched his hips up, and came, his release spurting over his stomach. His muscles clamped down around Steve and a few short and quick thrusts later, Steve reached his own completion.
“Looks a weirdly complicated toilet.”
“He’s a menace.”
Tony moved quickly, squeezing in between Steve’s large form and the wall. He was so close to the exit, and he promised himself that once he was out of there, he wouldn't play with fire (at least this kind of fire) again.
“JARVIS, translate.”
“Huh,” Tony said intelligently.
Tony laughed hysterically. “My feelings? What am I, a teenaged girl? ‘Not that hot,’ Jesus fucking Christ.”
“An appetizer?”
Steve sighed and said, “Thor, can you take care of the tanks?”
“Yes,” Tony moaned.
After thrusting it in a few times, he pushed until his skin met the base. With a pleased sigh, he reached for the control and inspected it. It had only a few buttons, one being the power button and the other with a rather mysterious symbol. He turned it on and the plug came to life with a gentle vibration. He pressed the other button and the vibration increased, along with alternating pulses.
“I bet Tony likes you too,” Sam added. “Why else does he keep calling you pet names?”
Steve entered the bathroom, tugging his clothes off, hoping this time they wouldn’t disappear (his shirts have gained the distressing habit of disappearing, he should probably look into that). He reached inside the shower for the handles, but the water didn’t pour out.
“My clothes keep disappearing.”
Steve pulled out, wringing a tired moan from Tony, before laying down on the bed. “So how was that?” Steve asked, wiping his hand absentmindedly on the sheets. (Which will be a bitch to clean up later, but Steve didn’t care about that now.)
Tony whistled. “These guys got some major funding,” he said as JARVIS effortlessly shut down the building’s stealth protocols. “Most of the heat signatures are below ground. Typical.”
After the doombots, when Steve tried to enter the workshop, the place was on lockdown.
“What do you mean?”
“Tony. I said that I love your hands.” He caressed the left hand before pulling back. “Apparently I was more obvious than I thought I was, because you’ve noticed me staring before.” Tony was giving a wide-eyed, terrified look, like he was a rabbit waiting for its demise. “I had been planning on telling you the day we had our last HYDRA mission. And I was going to tell you after, but it didn’t seem like the right time and I didn’t want to stress you out even more.”
“No. That first night I honestly didn’t know what time it was. But then you came by to complain and, well.”
“No. Only the Captain.”
“I like you,” Steve said somewhat helplessly. “I’ve liked you for a while now. As in, I want to take you out to dinner. As a date.”
Steve sighed. “I don’t want to accidentally hurt you, Tony, if I get too into it and not realize what I’m doing.”
“But, sir—”
Okay, that was fine. Sure, Steve was disappointed. But this was his chance, the chance he was waiting for. It did take more than two weeks, but shit happens. All right, now then.
“Well—”
Rogers was standing by him a moment later, leaning against a table, arms loose by his side, like he was trying not to cross them over his chest and now they were hanging there all awkward. “Stark, we haven’t seen you all week.”
“Oh, Anthony!” Clint’s stupid face appeared a moment later at the doorway, grinning. “Missed me?”
“I wouldn’t expect anything different. Now, come on. Death by blue balls, remember?”
The slick sounds of skin-on-skin filled the room but Steve barely registered it, his attention focused solely on Tony, who was gripping the sheets tightly, face screwed up in pleasure. He kept letting all sorts of breathless noises, trying to match Steve’s pace and failing, instead letting go to enjoy the ride. He was beautiful like this, trusting Steve to take care of him, and Steve felt honored by that trust.
Right. Deep breaths, like how Natasha showed him. Start slowly. Stay relaxed. He spread his legs and coated one finger in lube, spreading it around his hole.
“Somehow they got some of my old weapons. I thought I’d destroyed them all but—” His whole frame was stiff and his eyes were refusing to look directly at him. Steve placed a gentle hand on his shoulder and he relaxed slightly.
Dummy moved to hide under the work table, trying to fold his arm to fit. The two men watched silently as the robot accidentally shook the table. He stretched, his arm knocking around, and caused the table to up end, falling to its side and completely exposing the robot once more. He turned to look at the men, shuddered, and then raced out of the workshop.
“Ah,” Tony said, still staring and still uncomprehending.
“It’s okay, buddy, I’m not mad, just surprised,” he murmured, rubbing his hand over Dummy’s arm. Dummy relaxed, leaning into the touch. “Yeah, no more rom-coms for you. Come on, let’s go work on something together, me and you.”
Steve laid him out in his bed and kissed him before returning to the kitchen to help Clint make food for when Tony woke up. Tony shivered, missing the body heat, but Natasha, wonderful Natasha, wrapped him in a soft blanket and spooned him, brushing his hair back.
“Takes up to a year to fully heal,” Bruce added.
“There’s nothing to talk about.”
“I don’t know, Tony, but if I’m going to have you, I’d want the full course.” Steve moved closer, inclining his head towards Tony, with a mischievous look in his eyes. “If we start, I won’t be able to stop myself from having you.”
Damn him and his thoughtfulness.
At the no doubt dejected expression on Steve’s face, Tony hurriedly added, “If you give me a few hours, I can finish it up and we can have some dinner?”
“Tony, we need to talk,” Steve blurted.
It had crossed Tony’s mind that he was playing with fire by wandering around the tower with the toy in. Despite his college days, he wasn’t actually much of an exhibitionist. But he couldn’t help the little thrill he got by working in his shop, or even talking to an employee, with one hand in his pocket on the remote. He kept the vibrations to a tease most of the time, but increased it occasionally, wondering if he could come in front of someone without them realizing it. He’d always get too nervous about it in the end, but it was fun to fantasize.
Tony laughed. “Seriously? What do you want to hear? That I—I’m so pathetically in love with you that my robot noticed and adopted that behavior in a way less subtle way? That it’s not just Dummy, but Butterfingers and You and even JARVIS that are fond of you? That JARVIS has been on my back all week to put a move on you and that’s why I’ve been avoiding you this whole time? Dummy set all this up because he knows I’m an absolute goner for you and he wanted to give me something nice for taking care of him because for some reason that’s the way his stupid programming works.” Tony’s eyes were anxious as they scrutinized his face. “Look, if you’re going to punch me, just do it.”
Steve hoped he wasn’t blushing, but judging by Tony’s widened grin, there was no such luck.
Steve knocked on the door and, when that didn’t get him the desired result, banged his fist down. And he kept banging the door until his neighbor opened it.
“Tony, you in here? You were taking a long time and I thought—”
As far as contemporary technology goes, JARVIS was one of the most useful. Of course Tony was careful in explaining, when he first introduced Steve to his AI, that JARVIS was the most advanced of his kind and not everyone had an AI in their homes. From the beginning JARVIS had been considerate and accommodating, helping Steve at every possible moment. And Steve couldn’t help but marvel at Tony’s genius for creating something so extraordinary.
“Would you really?”
Steve did. At those powerful hands that have taken such abuse. From what he could see peeking out from under the casts, they were swollen and still bruised a light yellow color. They were stiff and the four fingers uncovered by casts looked tired by the way they limped. He wanted to grasp them in his hands and rub them and kiss them better.
Iron Man zoomed past the agents, too fast for them to do much but try and fail to shoot him, and flew down the emergency stairwell.
“I’m fine, I just fell.”
The minute Tony heard Bruce’s footsteps on the stairs, he shoved his sweats down his thighs, exposing his heated cock to the cool air. Gasping, he barely wrapped a hand around himself before he was coming. He stared at the semen that hit the ground, surprised he climaxed so hard and so suddenly. The thrill he had from nearly being caught by an employee was nothing compared to the excitement of Bruce nearly seeing him.
“Sorry.”
Tony snorted at that. “Captain America offensive?”
Dummy was shaking so much, bumping into the walls, leaning away from his creator.
“We want you, too. It’s that simple.”
Tony tried to latch himself onto Steve again, but Steve pushed him back down on the bed, his eyes roaming over the bare flesh. The arc reactor was gone, leaving a mess of scar tissue behind. Steve’s hand pressed upward on Tony’s chest, reaching to his neck and curling around, pulling him up for another kiss.
If Tony didn’t know any better, he would’ve called this
. I don’t fawn over the great Captain America like everyone else. You can’t control me and that infuriates you.” Tony grinned at him, flashing his teeth in an unkind smile. “Now why don’t you go back to your sad, boring apartment?”
“Hulk sorry.”
It was still early though. Tony wasn’t fully awake until he got at least two cups of coffee in him. And he was hungover. A few more hours.
Bruce stopped, giving Tony a piercing look. Tony held his gaze in what he hoped was a neutral expression; the low vibration was still going on in the plug and his cock hadn’t flagged at all. “All right,” Bruce said at last, his countenance turning from suspicious to downright cheerful. “I see you’re busy right now. Read that article I sent you and we can talk about it over lunch.”
Focusing purely on the physical sensations, it didn’t take long until he was two fingers in, gasping. He pulled out and grabbed the plug, quickly coating it before lining in up with his entrance and—
“No, I don’t,” Steve spluttered.
“Let us take care of you,” Natasha said. “Just let go.” Then she leaned in to capture his lips, in such a sweet, loving kiss. She tasted like apples and Tony sobbed at the tenderness. She ended the kiss to press his forehead against his. “Let go.”
The robot had recently developed a (fairly distressing, according to Tony) hobby that JARVIS can’t help but blame Captain Rogers for. One day, about a month ago, while Tony was busy working on a new prototype bow for Clint, Steve was sketching with his charcoal. Dummy was by his side, having brought a now-forgotten smoothie (which the Captain politely took a sip). The robot had let out a series of questioning beeps that pulled Steve out of his work.
Wordlessly, Tony held his hands straight up. Steve stared incredulously at him.
“Tony!” Steve vaulted over a table and crouched down by the fallen figure.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Butterfingers and You helped.”
“Partially,” the AI said.
“Mute,” Tony blurted out.
Tony shivered. “You. Fucking me. Yes, that’s it, that’s the plan, now you can get along with it.”
“Bruce, I swear to god—”
Instead of replying, Steve gripped the back of Tony’s head as he kissed him passionately. He let go to look back down again, resting his forehead against Tony’s. Steve moved carefully in the lax grip, groaning when Tony pressed against the slit. The sensations were building, and Steve knew if he didn’t hurry this along, this would be over before it properly started.
“Okay. You… made a shrine to him. I have no idea—J, why is there a shrine to Steve?”
Okay, Rogers, that was pathetic even for you.
“You see, he kind of got this weird new hobby that includes, um. Well, he made a shrine of you.”
Tony worked for another 20 minutes uninterrupted before Dummy shoved his arm into Tony’s side. He jumped, soldering iron falling out of his grip and nearly burning him before JARVIS turned it off.
“A few hours isn’t that bad, I’ll be fine.”
Steve leaned in to steal another kiss. “Come on, get ready now. We have a date, remember?”
Tony didn’t reply. He managed to grip the fork enough, but when he reached for the food his grip fumbled and the fork fell to floor. He pushed the takeout box into Steve’s hands and stormed out of the room.
Rose petals? While Steve was aware that Dummy favored him a great deal, rose petals were not what he was expecting. Nor that heart-shaped balloon. He said, “Is Dummy trying to make romantic gestures towards me?”
Which was how Tony found himself drinking imported Italian espresso with Steve Rogers at four in the morning. And while he was still wary, he thought this wasn’t so bad. Just someone’s presence, not even talking but physically being there, it was like a balm. For the first time since the Chitauri happened, he felt himself relaxed. And this…
Steve laughed. “See you. And you should get some actual sleep soon.”
At least now he can finish that new trick arrow design in peace.
Natasha turned to give him a sharp look. After a moment she chuckled almost silently. As always it seemed Natasha knew something he didn’t. “Maybe you should just talk to him,” she said.
“Right.” Steve was trying hard not to grin. So far he was failing. “Let me distract you from that no doubt very important toilet. I still have some leftover pancakes. If we hurry, maybe Thor and Clint haven’t eaten them all.”
Steve bobbed his head a few agonizing times before he leaned back, letting the head of the cock rest just inside his mouth, before pulling off entirely. He gripped Tony tightly, and Tony moaned as his orgasm was staved off, unsure whether to feel relieved or disappointed. Clint kept moving the toy inside him, angling it away from where Tony really wanted it.
“Ah, fuck, Steve,” he gasped into the mattress. He tried to move his hips against the mattress for some friction against his dick, but Steve held him firmly up against his mouth, not allowing him to get any relief. His tongue buried into Tony, forcing him to open up, thrusting in and out in mimicry of what he planned to do. Soon after, two fingers pushed into Tony, and the stretch burned deliciously. He whimpered and undulated his hips in the air, wordlessly begging Steve to get on with it.
“And it’s not past tense. I still love them.” Steve moved closer to reach out and take the right one, the one with the exposed fingers, and cradled it. “I guess I was being really unsubtle, huh? How long did you know?”
“Why don’t I do a quick check up just in case?” Bruce moved closer, about to walk around the workbench and perilously close to seeing Tony’s tented sweats.
Tony shoved him away, dropping all the coffee. He exhaled slowly.
He steered Tony towards the couch where Steve would usually sit and draw, and forced him to lie back and get settled. Tony drifted off to sleep soon enough, snoring softly. Steve smiled and took his sketchbook from a side drawer, flipping it open to a fresh page.
Tony cried out.
Once Tony was gone, Natasha popped her head out into the hall. Of course the superspy had overheard everything. She said, “In ten minutes my nails will be dry. Then you and me are going to spar. And don’t even think of fucking up my nails.”
As Bruce had predicted, Tony’s left wrist was broken, with several smaller fractures in the bones of his fingers and palms. His right wasn’t broken but there was damage to the tendons and muscles. Soon after Tony was admitted to medical and the X-rays confirmed the damage, he was admitted into surgery.
“You’re going to regret this, Rogers.”
Steve nodded.
“He was on my floor,” Steve said, watching Tony’s blank stare. “…in my room.”
Tony grinned. “All right, see you then.”
“After that god-awful Sandra Bullock movie?” Tony gasped. “You aren’t mine, I can’t have possibly created you.”
“He wants to know what happened to all the shirts.”
Steve wrapped one hand around Tony’s length and rubbed, pumping his hips faster. It didn’t take long; Tony had been on teetering on the edge. Tony moaned and stiffened, his come splattering over Steve’s fist. Tony clenched around Steve, and Steve went right over the edge after him.
Steve surveyed the room, noting Butterfingers and You in the back in an intense game of Checkers. “Where’s Dummy?”
Hulk leapt forward and pushed Tony away from the gun before pouncing on the agent. The agent had no time to react and was defeated with no bullet discharged.
He could feel saliva beginning to escape the corners of his mouth and tears well up in his eyes, but he focused on the weight of Steve and moaned around him. He crowed internally when that resulted in Steve’s breathing turning harsh and quick, and just when he was getting woozy from the lack of oxygen, Steve let him go from his death grip on his hair.
“Yeah, like I can suck you off.” He gave him a salacious grin. “Bet you’d like that.”
. He wanted to go to the living room, sit down where he was last time, touch himself and imagine the whole team there, watching him,
She shook her head. “Talk to him. Now leave me in peace, you’re distracting me.”
“Good boy,” Steve murmured and Tony shivered at the words against his ear.
the first date. All right, you’re giving me a dangerous case of blue balls, I might be hospitalized, you need to fuck me before that happens.” Tony moved closer and fluttered his long eyelashes. “Save me, Captain.”
“Wouldn’t want to keep you waiting,” he murmured, before flipping Tony onto his stomach. Steve’s hands gripped his hips before sliding down and grasping at his ass. He kneaded at the flesh for a moment before grasping the delicate lace and peeling it down.
Tony was too busy staring at Steve’s hands and didn’t answer until Steve repeated the question. “Uh… I don’t know. A week or so after you started hanging out here… Why do you like them?”
“Hulk pushed him out of the way of a gun, but pushed a little too hard.”
“Why not?” Tony whined. They did this song and dance at least once a week, and Tony knew he was acting like a brat, but Rhodey bear never complained, only laughed heartily and told Tony he missed him too.
“You seeing this?” Clint murmured, shushing Tony’s whimpers.
They did get that fifth date. And a sixth, a seventh. And honestly, it was driving Steve crazy, having to force himself to pull back every time their kisses became too urgent, too purposeful. Tony would paw at Steve’s crotch, his hands useless, and it would have been funny if it wasn’t so frustrating. Steve would be half-attempted to just agree with Tony’s proposal of an “appetizer.” But the fact was he had been fantasizing about their first time for so long, he refused to let it be some quickie. That would be later.
“Tell me your name.”
Later that day he found a hamper full of his missing clothes, all clean and folded.
“For believing in me.”
“What?” Steve asked, feeling self-conscious.
“Tony.”
“Then it’s settled.” Steve smiled brightly while Tony rolled his eyes.
“I will. I’m a man of my word.” Tony smiled one last time before shutting the door. Steve stayed there until the music finally faded away, and then shuffled towards his own apartment.
“For the first time ever, Rhodey’s wrong. Because he can’t possibly be—” Tony peered at Steve, as if he had finally realized that Steve was actually here and wasn’t a hallucination.
“Nearly.”
Right now Dummy was rounding the bed, moving closer. He focused on the drool, the bedhead, the naked back, the long blond eyelashes. His wheels rolled to the left while the camera took a long shot over Steve’s entire body. The camera then zoomed in on the lower half, on the backside covered by thin pajama pants.
“Are we really going to start fighting about this now?”
. “Want to know what I think? I think you're afraid of us, of this. I think that you believe you don't deserve this. That you’ll be what ruined us. That's not true. We don't want you to be alone anymore. Tony.”
“Why do you keep saying that? I’d never hurt you.”
Tony chuckled and shook his head. “Oh god, this is so ridiculous.”
Still he always felt better if Rhodey was around. He missed his best friend.
After a pause Tony said, “I thought coffee was rationed?”
“That’s where you’re wrong.” He stepped closer to Rogers, leaning right into his space, ignoring the fact that he had to look up to meet his eyes. “Everyone wants something from someone else. You want me to spend more time with the team since you’re the captain and think that makes you responsible for everyone. You feel guilty over the fact that I’m now a recluse. You want to rectify it. You don’t actually give a
Steve stared flabbergasted for a moment before JARVIS translated. “He wants to know why you make art.”
“What now?”
“Me? What? Never better. Peachy keen. Actually, you know I’ve always wondered who would say ‘peachy keen,’ I mean I guess you would, like that would be your thing, but what’s so keen about peaches?”
“Steve,” Tony whined, but whatever else was going to follow was interrupted by another hard smack on his ass. He jolted forward and took the opportunity to rub his cock against the granite before being pulled back again.
“J, you like him better than me.”
He swept all the photos into a container with a handle, where he’ll take them to be recycled. He settled the framed photo against the wall, with the back facing the room, so that maybe his creator will be less creeped out. The tablet went back into the table drawer. He gripped the container’s handle firmly and picked it up.
Steve pressed both hands to his temple and rubbed his fingers into his eyes. “Okay, I believe you.” Tony visibly relaxed and so did Dummy. “But what I want to know is why Dummy thought you would get the most use out of… this.”
It was an awkward kiss. Steve’s head wasn’t tilted down enough and so Tony’s lips had landed on his bottom lip and the skin above his chin. They were both too stiff and both of their eyes were open. Tony jerked back after a few seconds.
“What?”
“He’s lying on the floor behind the workbench,” came JARVIS’ long-suffering voice.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Yes, I’m okay.”
“Christ, Stark, I only wanted to apologize. I don’t expect anything from you.”
“This is a bit over the top.”
He could see Steve approaching him slowly, like how one approaches a skittish animal, and yet he stayed rooted to the spot. Steve stopped, way too close to him, and gave him another endearing smile. And without warning, his arm reached around Tony and caressed his ass, feeling the plug through his jeans. His fingers traced the base and moved over his plump cheeks. Before Tony could even think of relaxing, Steve smacked him hard, right against the plug.
Steve shook his head to clear his wandering thoughts and tried to focus on the book he was reading.
. He could imagine Natasha’s beautiful, taunting laughs, her sharp nails raking through his hair.
“But you’re the one who—”
Tony gave him a withering look. “You really expect me to do nothing for six weeks? I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but my hands are everything to me.”
“And you’ll like it even more when you can actually remember it.”
Who said, “I talked to Pepper.”
“No, I don't think it's that.” Steve moved his hands up to his thighs, massaging them, but not
Dummy rolled right up to Tony abruptly and waved his arm as if trying to refocus Tony’s attention.
“And are your hands really fine?” Steve curled his hand around Tony’s wrist.
“Could’ve been worse,” Nat said. “You could’ve broken your spine and been lying here paralyzed and unable to talk.” She paused. “Actually that doesn’t sound that bad.”
He didn’t know what he was doing here. It was fine when it was just him and Steve and Clint, but Natasha’s entrance reminded him that this wasn’t just a fun, one-off event. The Avengers will be expecting him to be with them now, completely, not just on a part-time basis as before. They will be expecting not just Iron Man but Tony Stark too, open with no hesitation in being part of this union. But it will only end badly. Tony had managed to ruin nearly every good thing in his life and he did not want to be the man who ruined the Avengers.
“So impatient.” Steve led his cock in gradually, moving in increments, and paused, glancing down to see Tony writhing. “So needy for it.”
“No, sir, Dummy is incapable of being in love. He is a robot, as you know. But he has come to appreciate Steve’s presence in the workshop.”
with you?”
“What, he has a porn dungeon now?” Tony laughed, imagining Dummy with magazines of scantily clad women. He exited his workshop and went into the elevator, wondering what Dummy got up to in his spare time.
He wanted to resist, but couldn’t deny ignoring the request of her sweet voice. He blinked blearily at her, finally letting his tears escape down his face. Her face blurred in his vision.
In the communal kitchen, he was surprised to find Tony awake. And not just lumbering towards the coffee machine like a zombie after an all-nighter, but actually awake as in he went to sleep the night before and woke up in the morning like a normal person. And currently he was looking at Steve like he was the devil.
Tony groaned and leaned back in his chair. Most of the lights in the workshop were turned off except for the one in the hallway. All his computers were in standby mode and his projects were tucked away for the time being. His arc reactor illuminated the space in front of him in a light, calming blue. He was literally sitting in the dark and pining miserably.
“Tony, I don’t understand. I’m not doing anything.” Steve supposed that Tony would lose it eventually, he just didn’t figure it’d be this soon.
Tony jerked up with a yelp, but he couldn’t move, as Steve held him firmly down. He moaned at the pounding against his prostate and the restriction of his movement. No matter what he did, Tony couldn’t escape Steve’s secure grip, and it seemed that Steve wouldn’t let him go until he was finished.
“You tried, didn’t you?” Steve folded his arms across his chest in a pose he knew looked authoritative.
“Yes.”
Since the whole Chitauri business, Hulk had become incredibly protective of both Iron Man and Tony. If they’re in a mission and Hulk cannot see Iron Man at any given moment, his anxiety builds and the Hulk loses focus of the enemy. Right now Hulk had stopped in the middle of battle and his wild green eyes met Steve’s steady blues.
Tony clenched his hole and was pleased when he was awarded with a sharp gasp. Clint’s hand gripped his hair and pulled his head back, exposing Tony’s neck to Steve’s gaze. Tony struggled to keep his eyes open on Steve, fighting against the impulse to close them. Steve was smiling softly at him, an expression completely at odds with how his pants were open, his hand stroking his exposed dick.
“Partially? Then what’s the main reason?”
Two weeks passed and Steve’s frustration tapered off into weariness. When he was awoken again, by Glenn Danzig this time, he didn’t bother with the indignation and instead went to Tony’s place again. He let himself in, figuring knocking would be useless, and found that the door was unlocked.
“That… sounds good. But I’m kind of in the middle of something important down in the shop.”
Rogers’ face fell. That steady and self-assured way he carried himself disappeared and he folded in on himself. And now it felt like Tony was the one towering over him.
“A shrine.”
“We won’t let you,” Clint added.
“Tony, listen to me. Do you know what I said?”
“He’s ready,” Steve said, caressing his heated skin. “Go slow.”
“So are you going to talk or are you going to keep brooding?” Natasha said as she checked over her hand for any imperfections.
Tony cocked his head to the side. “You really don’t know who I am, do you?”
“I kinda don’t wanna know, oh god, strike me down now…”
After touring America and seeing her changes, Tony invited him and the rest of the team to live in the tower. For being someone who claimed to work alone, Stark was eager to continue the Avengers Initiative. Steve was skeptical, but so far is working brilliantly. These strong personalities, after working out their kinks and outside of the influence of Loki’s scepter, managed to fit perfectly on the field and off (well, mostly). Even Tony, who Steve was at first unimpressed (and disappointed with if he was being honest), turned out not to be a complete asshole. All of his bravado disappeared the more time he spent with him, especially with Tony sleep-deprived and fresh off an engineering binge.
Steve flushed at that, which was utterly adorable. Only Steve would flush at some dirty words after having incredible, kinky sex.
“Dummy, what the hell! I swear one of these days I’m going to send you off to be recycled, you useless sack of bolts.”
“Isn’t that a meme? No, wait, you’re doing it again.” Rogers rubbed his temple with one hand while the other one was still firmly planted on Tony. “You don’t owe me anything, Tony, I know that. But I also know that you put this front where you pretend everything’s all right. I want to start over, and I really do worry about you…. I know you have nightmares.”
Tony threw his hands in the air. “Seriously? That’s why you won’t have sex with me?”
“Was I good?” he murmured, feeling his eyes getting heavier.
“Steve.”
“I think you ruined him,” Clint commented.
“I need your cock,” Tony said thickly, gasping when Steve scissored two fingers inside of him. Steve paused, moaning quietly at the thought, and Tony rocked against the fingers, trying to get them deeper.
Their fourth was Tony modeling for Steve’s sketches, which very nearly turned into a reenactment of that one scene in Titanic. (They got interrupted by a red-faced Bruce who had accidentally walked in. Then again the two should know better than to get frisky on the communal floor.)
Tony moved his hips, his erection rubbing against Steve’s half hard cock. “Why don’t we relocate?”
“You want to go to his apartment, drag him into bed, and show him who’s boss.”
“That’s it,” Steve murmured before thrusting in that same place.
Tony Stark simultaneously hated and craved solitude. It was a contradiction, like many other aspects of his personality. He was full of himself and yet thought he was the worst person alive, no better than a cockroach. He thought himself a genius, yet knew that he really knew nothing beyond algebraic formulas.
“Tony… they’re not ruined. They just need to heal.”
Steve was well aware of that.
“Well, of course, but—”
Steve shifted, pulling Tony’s legs further up on his shoulders, and groaned at the new angle. “Touch yourself,” he commanded, and Tony listened without a snide remark this time. Steve kept the pace steady, long and deep strokes that rubbed against his prostrate every time.
“Well… yes.” Tony groaned again and slumped in his chair. “That is how adults would normally act in these situations.”
Later that night, Dummy showed him the video of Steve he had been working on. He leaned in his chair, watching as the image of Steve hummed along to a tune in his head while he cooked breakfast. All the robots had crowded around him. JARVIS was silent.
“Now, what do we have here?” Natasha grinned as she slinked in, still in her uniform and effortlessly beautiful as always.
For example: no mention of Dummy’s creepy obsession with him. At all. Steve seemed to think Tony’s a great guy, and he’d like to keep it that way. If Steve knew, he’d move out of the tower immediately and find a little cottage in Iceland or something.
You let out an irritated-sounding beep and Tony ignored him. He stood from his chair and pointed at the bots. He said, “All right, you two, go make sure Dummy takes down that shrine. I
“If you act like this every time you interact with the Captain, he’s going to be even more suspicious than he already is.”
When they pulled apart to breathe, Tony said, “I want you to fuck me. Like right now.” He nipped at Steve’s full bottom lip.
“Then what is?”
His eyes wandered the room and focused on a rather innocently-looking gift bag that sat on top of his dresser. It showed up a week ago; Natasha must have washed the toy for him and situated it where he can see it every time he entered his bedroom. He’d like to say he completely forgot its existence.
He headed back to his floor for a shower, even though he was not sparring long enough to work up sweat. And while his showers were short and quick, he lingered. As Nat would say, he was compromised, even when Tony wasn’t in the room. And it all started with his hands.
“Mr. Kennedy? Our landlord?” Steve couldn’t help but sound incredulous. This guy didn’t even know their landlord was?
“Do you want us, Tony?” Steve said, as he lowered himself to his knees. He reached in Tony’s pocket and grabbed the remote before he could react. He handed it silently to Clint, who didn't tear his eyes off Tony. “Because we want you. Desperately. We all do. We all waited for you to join us, but you never did.”
“It’s just open reduction,” Bruce tried to assure him. “They’re repositioning the bones so they’ll heal better. That’s all.”
“Always, sir.”
,” he whispered. So badly.
“I have to work. I have to wake up early. I need my sleep. So turn your damn music off.”
– he had no idea that playing doctor sounded so appealing to him.
“Why would I be hurt?” Tony said, looking at him like he was the crazy one.
“We managed to escape,” came another voice and shit, Tony really did have the worst luck. Steve sauntered into the room and grabbed an apple from the fruit arrangement, because of course he did, that all-American boy. Probably believed that adage about keeping the doctor away. Steve smiled at Tony as he cleaned the fruit with his shirt, lifting the fabric just enough that Tony could see his clearly defined abs.
“All right, Avengers. Move out,” Steve commanded and the team descended upon the base.
Hulk grunted and a minute later stood Bruce, blinking at them blearily. “What happened?” he said, straightening up when he saw Tony.
Steve pressed at one palm and Tony winced. “That doesn’t look fine.” Into the comm, he said, “Widow, bring the quinjet closer. Iron Man is injured.”
It was a nice feeling.
“You could speed it up a bit,” Tony said breathlessly.
Right. Of course there must be a perfectly logical explanation as to why there was a huge picture of himself on Tony’s bed, surrounded by rose petals. And why there were more photos on his bedside tables along with white candles. And why there was a video of himself projected on the far wall. A video that was currently showing an unknown intruder entering Steve’s bedroom, zooming in on his unaware and unconscious body.
Steve hummed in agreement, rubbing right beneath the head, watching Tony shudder. He pulled back from biting at Tony’s middle and yanked the jeans and underwear all the way. Tony followed his lead, taking off his own shirt, before pouting at Steve. “You’re still wearing clothes,” he whined.
And almost knocked right into the bastard himself.
“How much have you had to drink?”
They would have been done with these HYDRA thugs by now but more kept appearing from the elevators and stairwell, and several tanks had suddenly appeared right outside the blown-open entrance. And now Hulk was getting anxious from Iron Man being out of his sight for too long.
Oh no. Did Tony get hurt while working in the lab? He had a tendency to ignore his injuries, even if they were severe, and several times the team had to coerce him to be checked out by at least Bruce. “JARVIS, am I allowed to go to Tony’s floor?”
Their third was their attempt at baking a cake together. Tony didn’t help at all and instead got covered in flour while Steve did all the work. Steve slapped him in the ass as punishment. Tony didn’t look much chastised.
One particularly hard thrust knocked all the air out of his lungs and he collapsed entirely into Natasha’s arms, no longer able to hold himself up. Steve held him steady at his waist, his breaths turning ragged as he poured all of himself into Tony. At last, Steve groaned a desperate “Tony,” and Tony felt him spill his release inside.
Steve laughed as he moved into the bedroom, dropping Tony in the center of the bed. Hovering above him, Steve could see how dilated his eyes were, his hair rumpled from Steve’s hand tugging at it. His neck was tilted back, baring his throat, and Steve could see his breathing was quickening.
“No, Steve, look, pretend I didn’t say anything.”
“What does it look like?” Tony said. He held the bottle carefully between his two hands and lifted it for a long, careful drink. When he finished, he added, “It’s the only thing I can actually do.”
The mission was much the last two times they’ve dealt with HYDRA. Get in, destroy their weapons stockpile, retrieve any information from their computers, and eliminate the base. They stormed the first floor to find two dozen HYDRA agents waiting for them, alert from the moment the stealth protocols were shut down.
Tony was gaping at him. “Uh—”
“Well yeah. When I walked in here and saw your bed, I thought you were getting ready for a self-loving session. And I got jealous of my own photo.”
He said, “Look at them.”
“Stop staring and do something,” Tony said, and he winced at the state of his voice. For his part, Steve looked incredibly pleased at the sound.
“Sir, just last week you declared You to be the problem child.”
“Sir, Captain Rogers is requesting permission to enter the workshop.”
“So it’s not because you’re a masochist?” Tony still sounded doubtful.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Tony hissed.
“Dummy doesn’t want me to tell you, sir.”
“Listen.” He made a motion as if to reach for Tony’s hand but restrained himself. Tony glared. “I know I’ve been babying ever since you got injured, and you have every right to be frustrated with me. But I just don’t want you to get more hurt. I want you to take care of yourself. And you never do, because you never realize—” Steve paused and glanced at Tony, to see if anything was registering. But Tony had an unreadable look on his face like when he was purposefully being evasive. “Never mind.”
“Yeah, Steve?”
It was hard to look at him in those too blue eyes, in the face of all that righteous fury, but Tony forced himself to. He won’t be bullied that easily.
“You did good today. In the mission. It’s not your fault for getting hurt.”
“We figured you'd want some company,” Steve added softly, still smiling. “Didn’t want to leave you all alone in this big tower. You've gotten too used to someone being around.”
had a lot of fucking nerve.
Their second was watching really bad, cheaply made sci-fi movies, because Steve had not yet been exposed to that horror of this time. Their popcorn got spilled everywhere and Steve had wrestled Tony into the couch in the middle of a tickling war. They stopped, realized how close they were, and ended up making out and ignoring the movie completely.
“We’re not finished.”
“Listen, I have very important work to do. Like unbelievably important, like shit that’s going to revolutionize the way people use technology for generations. And my music helps facilitate it, keeps me focused. Now that you know that, are you really trying to destroy humanity’s future?”
See, Tony knew what were the most important things in life.
“OS?”
Steve laughed. “Tony, when you were avoiding me, I was so worried that I thought I said something terrible to you, something that made you hate me all over again. I spent days trying to figure out how I’ve hurt you. This seems so insignificant in comparison.”
The restless thoughts that previously occupied Tony’s head were quieted. He only felt floaty and grounded, as Steve rested his weight carefully on his back. After another moment, Steve leaned back up, releasing his grip on Steve and caressing the bruises that began to form on his skin.
“Verily.”
“He’s a learning AI, like JARVIS but less sophisticated. I can’t be responsible for every single thing he does—”
“Got it.”
“Uh, because we hang out together here? Because I like you?”
He ended up moving the flowers to the kitchen, resolving to give one to Natasha and the other to Pepper, and let the balloons float in a closet.
“That’s not a bad thing.”
Thor leaped towards the tanks, lifting Mjolnir and striking it down on the nearest tank, while lightning rained down. The tank was out of commission and the others soon followed.
Twenty minutes in Tony walked in, fashionably late as always. Ignoring curious glances, he grabbed one takeout box and a set of chopsticks and sat on the sofa next to Steve. And of course he had trouble getting the chopsticks open. He threw the utensils on the table before grabbing a fork. And despite having four fingers on his right hand not bound by the cast he still had trouble gripping the fork.
“How are you?” Steve whispered, his hand running through Tony’s hair. Steve was always thoughtful and considerate, worrying about everyone, even Tony, even when he was being a jackass.
Dummy entered the room.
Steve shook his head. “Nah, let’s take the day off.”
Clint hummed at him before stealing the last carton of ice cream from the fridge.
He wasn’t too sure how he was going to explain his odd behavior to Steve. Sure, he could lie like always, but Steve didn’t deserve that. Steve deserved the truth—a very abridged version of the truth, but the truth nonetheless.
Steve leapt, automatically reaching to his side for his shield, which was thankfully at the other side of the room and not actually by his side or the robot would’ve been in real trouble. Dummy let out a distressed beep and moved quickly towards the door, shaking visibly.
“You’re kidding me.”
Huge floral arrangements sat on both bedside tables, extravagant, the kind rich people would buy for 200 dollars. There were multiple balloons tethered to his bedpost, one of which a big red heart with the words I LOVE YOU printed on the side.
“You know,” Tony said with a sort of fake cheery casualness, “that the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over, expecting to get a different result.”
Besides he wasn’t truly alone. He had the bots and JARVIS to keep him company. And that was all he needed anyway. People aren’t dependable.
“Didn't think you wanted me there,” Tony gasped. What was once a pleasantly mild sensation morphed into an intense vibe, pulsing quickly. It was hard to think with the sight of Steve looking up at him, licking his lips.
“Since when am I not careful, Cap?”
“It’s all right, I’ll just cook,” Steve chuckled.
Tony shook his head.
After roughly 16 hours, Tony surfaced from his work, took a look around and said, “Where’s my coffee?”
Steve was about to say more, but saw Tony’s eyes were blinking often and slowly, as if trying to hold out on sleep as long as he could. “I think we should continue this conversation when you’re sober.”
With a decisive nod, he got out of his shower and continued on with his day.
“You don’t have to acknowledge him, you know. If you’d ignore him, he’d eventually go away,” Tony piqued up, attention still focused on the holograph of his suit.
had to leave, he who had been a perfect tenant, who was responsible and considerate to others. And now he had to face sleepless nights and dozing off at work the next day. None of this was fair.
In response, Steve let go of his cock and curved his fingers until they were touching that spot. Tony moaned, his hips jolting.
“Good.” He took the hand, twining their fingers together, thumb against wrist, and felt Tony’s pulse against his.
When Steve’s mouth and fingers withdrew, Tony moaned in impatience. Steve shushed him and rubbed a hand on his lower back, his fist audibly gliding over himself. Finally —
At last, Steve surfaced for air and threw Tony a lazy grin. Clint buckled up his pants and shifted to sit at the counter while Steve took his prior place.
“A totally-not-platonic date,” Tony agreed.
important was the vibrator currently up Tony’s ass.
“Why was he…?” Tony started.
Tony visibly shuddered at the memory and hated himself for it, and this was all Natasha’s fault.
“Sure, I will,” Tony lied.
He heard the Hulk’s roar and he twisted around in time to see a lone HYDRA agent pointing a gun right at Tony and the Iron Man suit was too far, goddammit—
His neighbor stared blankly at him.
Tony slipped away from Steve’s view a few hours after they arrived at home and Steve knew where to find him. A hiding spot was only useful if nobody knew where it was after all.
Tony moaned and sank down into the bed, only his hips being held up by Steve’s tight grip. Steve filled him up, bottoming out, and held for a few moments for Tony to adjust before rocking slowly.
“Come on, Steve,” Natasha gently chided. “What did I tell you about learning to share? We’re all getting turns.”
She hummed, deciding her left hand was adequate and moving onto her right.
Fuck, no, shit, don't do this, Stark, don't--
He was so screwed.
Tony licked his lips at that thought, glancing back up at Steve to make sure this was really happening and not just an ill-conceived game of gay chicken. Steve didn’t flush away from his state, only waiting patiently for Tony to get on with it.
“Yes?”
“Huh.” Instead of asking inquiring more, Tony headed towards the coffee machine to prepare for another ten hours of inventing. JARVIS was relieved.
“Never better.” And that set off a whole new round of giggles. Then Tony left the kitchen, without his coffee, leaving Steve incredibly perplexed.
Steve nodded and moved to the other end of the room where most crates were situated. They worked in silence and Steve felt almost relieved. Maybe he won’t wait until tomorrow to tell Tony. Maybe he’ll do it right after debriefing and it’d be better that way, really, and—
He pumped himself, letting out a groan. The remote control fell out of his hand and landed beside him, and he used his now free left hand to grasp the base of the plug. He angled it towards his prostate and breathed out quickly, the grip around his cock tightening. From there he could reach his end. He rubbed his thumb and forefinger around the head and gasped, curling in on himself. Streaks of white painted his belly. He collapsed back against the duvet.
“Whoa.” The man grinned. “You’re like legitimately angry.”
Tony wasn’t that bad. He had a tendency to forget Steve was in the room once he was deeply focused on his work, but Steve knew it wasn’t out of spite. When he did know Steve was in the room, they’d talk about anything that was on their mind. Steve would tell him about his work and how Bucky and Sam were both secretly assholes but that he put up with them anyway. That he’d always wanted to be an artist, but it didn’t pan out, and how much he missed his mom sometimes. In turn, Tony would tell him how he struggled between the company’s expectations of him and his desire to innovate; how much he missed his best friend Rhodey, who was currently serving in the Air Force; and how he was certain that he’d always be disappointing to his father, and that nothing he did will ever change that. It was surprising to Steve how intimate their conversations became, how much Tony seemed to trust him even though it was clear trust didn’t come easily to him.
Well, Tony wasn’t about to say ‘no’ to deep throating Captain America.
“What am I supposed to say? ‘Hey, looks like my robots and my AI have a crush on you because they learned from watching me drool over your abs and it made me realize how much I fucking love you?’ How is that remotely okay?”
Tony’s fidgeting with his bow tie was interrupted by Steve’s hand grabbing and pulling Tony’s elbow.
“No, you’re not.” Steve shrugged. “But you do know exactly what to say to piss people off.”
Steve deflated. He had been waiting with bated breath all morning but it seemed Tony really did forget about their talk last night.
“Uh…” Dummy continued to beep excitedly. “Well, I like it. I find it soothing…” Steve looked down at his drawing. It was Tony, bent over his work table, tongue sticking out, focusing on his holographic schematics. “And it helps me keep good memories.”
“I can’t wait either,” Natasha agreed.
Clint snorted. “Yeah, I don't know how you thought you could lie to him. By the way, Nat’s very pleased.”
Steve couldn’t help but feel disappointed at that. “Hey, Tony, you look like you actually got some sleep.”
Steve leaned over to kiss his neck and jerked his hips, rubbing fully against that spot inside. Tony hissed and gasped once Steve began to thrust long, hard strokes. Tony twisted his head to the side, eyes shut, letting out soft groans with every thrust. And this was perfect, Steve thought. Seeing Tony like this, face flushed, his sweaty hair sticking up, his mouth formed in a little ‘o.’ Completely open and vulnerable. Only for Steve.
“I would tell you if it’s hurting.”
“If I may, sir, you can simply tell Captain Rogers your feelings.”
As the elevator doors opened, JARVIS said, “Sir, there is something I’ve neglected to mention.”
Tony asked, “So no more splints?”
The day came when Bruce summoned Tony into his lab and Steve tagged along. Tony was waiting impatiently, his leg bouncing, while Bruce took off one splint and turned the wrist carefully. “It’s stiff,” Bruce commented. “You’re going to need to do daily stretches with your hands. I’m sure JARVIS can find instructional videos.” He pulled gently at the fingers, massaging the muscles as he went.
Steve sighed. “I don’t know. That’s what I’m trying to figure out.”
Steve can appreciate the aesthetic of all sorts of things; he used to be in art school after all. Even when Tony and he were still antagonistic towards each other, Steve noticed and appreciated the beauty of Tony’s hands. The slender fingers and the callused palms, how they moved gracefully, whether he was working on his inventions or gesturing excessively when he ranted, moving as though they were dancing in the air. It caused Steve to notice everyone else’s hands, their shapes and their movements. It made him stare at his own, noting the wide palms and the visible veins wrapped around his knuckles. He compared them all to Tony’s and found Tony’s hands to be the most beautiful. They were like a pianist’s hands.
need that in my tower.”
Afterwards, when the two Avengers were gone, Dummy was cleaning up Tony’s room. His brothers had gone back down to the workshop and JARVIS was not nagging him for once. He left the rose petals and the candles, figuring that later that night his creator might find use for them, like in the movies.
“Be careful down there, Iron Man. We’ll be there as soon as we can,” Steve said as he knocked two agents out with one carefully aimed kick. Admittedly, this was a great way to deal with his sexual frustration.
Tony was fiddling with his cuff links when his bedroom door slammed open. He turned around to see Captain Douchebag stalking towards him, fists clenched at his sides like he was holding back, still in uniform.
“Really, I’m good, everything’s good. Just not used to waking up at this time, you know how it is, and why are you wearing a sweater in the middle of summer?”
He shook his head. “Sorry, gorgeous, no can do.”
Tony stopped, exhaling harshly. He reached down and gripped himself at the base of his cock. He wanted this to
“You didn't need to,” Tony retorted. “I'm perfectly fine on my own.” He tried not to feel guilty when he saw Steve’s face fall.
The robot let out a series of beeping noises that sounded vaguely like a whine and strangely humanlike in its emotion.
He placed a tentative hand around Steve’s shaft and leaned in to lick at the head. He stroked the base of Steve's cock and licked the head again.
Steve cleared his throat awkwardly. “So… did JARVIS find anything about Bucky in those files?”
Clint was out of there so fast, he didn’t even bother to make a sarcastic remark like he would usually. Bruce tugged a considering Thor away and Natasha barely bat an eye. It was only Steve and Tony left.
Tony took one more look at the toilet. “Fine. Lead the way.”
“First, Clint’s going to fuck you. And once he's done, I'm going to fuck you.” Steve kept stroking him, lightly, not enough to get off. “You're not allowed to come until we’ve both finished.”
They both chuckled at that.
Steve didn’t bother to build up to it. His thrusts were hard and fast and kept jerking Tony further into the counter. Tony opened his dazed eyes to see Clint watching them intently, his jaw slack. He was quiet for once, no lame jokes, only his entire attention focused on Tony, like he didn’t want to miss anything. Tony was breathing harshly, his thoughts scattered and difficult to solidify, but he found himself arching his back, silently preening under the attention.
“Tony, have you read my email on that new article by Dr. Richards? I was hoping I could hear your thoughts on it,” Bruce said, shuffling into the room. He paused when he saw Tony’s flushed and anxious face staring at him. “Why are you sweating?”
“I still highly doubt that he would punch you in the face.”
“Dummy, this is the first time in weeks Captain Rogers has slept so soundly. Go back to the workshop, Sir is going to want a cup of coffee soon.”
Barely a minute after they left, You knocked the board off the table and Butterfingers beeped angrily at him. They both moved away from the table and to the center of the workshop, where they communicated in increasingly louder noises and eventually ended up knocking their struts against the other. This continued for a few minutes until the glass door slid open and Dummy rolled in, the camera still perched on top of his arm. He rolled over to the others bots and waved the camera at them, making enthusiastic sounds.
Steve’s own hand was wrapping around his very interested prick and after only a few short strokes he was spilling over his fist. Steve sighed and leaned his forehead against the steamed glass door.
Tony smirked. He leaned back in his chair, laced his fingers together, and made an obvious show of looking over Steve. His eyes swept over Steve’s body, lingering at his well-defined muscles.
“You’re so desperate for it,” Steve said, in a tone of voice that would be better suited to talking about the weather. He pressed Tony back down to the hard surface, running a light hand from the base of his spine to his head, curling his fingers into his locks. Tony whined again but Steve shushed him. “Don’t worry, I’ll give you what you need.”
“He’s mine,” Steve said. He suddenly ground his cock deeply into Tony, against his prostate, and Tony stiffened back up and moaned at the wonderful sensation. “I wanted him longer than either of you two.”
“Then what’s the point?”
Steve looked amused at the sight. “Were you hoping to go home with someone tonight? I doubt you wore these for me.” Steve caressed the lace that covered Tony’s cock with a gentleness that was uncharacteristic of him thus far. “I appreciate the view anyway.” He leered at Tony, no doubt staring at the smeared semen still on Tony’s face.
It was that visual, of being fucked over a table while everyone looked on in shock, that did it for Tony. He gasped, clutching at the sheets, and shuddered, rubbing his cock down as much as he could with Steve still holding him. He collapsed with a final weak moan, no strength left to hold himself up. Steve continued to fuck into him, but just as he was being to feel sore, Steve bit down on his shoulder as he filled Tony with his come.
“Oh, don’t bother. I’ve already explained to him the situation and he completely understands.”
“Hey, did you forget? You don't get to come,” Clint growled into his ear. His rocking quickened into brutal thrusts. From the way Clint clutched at him, Tony knew he was close.
“Anywhere else injured?”
“I heard it once. After a mission, you went to your penthouse and collapsed on the couch. I went to check up on you and you kept jerking in your sleep. I have them too.” He grinned self-consciously. “Kind of hard to go through a world war without them.”
“S — Steve.”
“Aww, come on, Tones,” Clint said, moving into the room. He stopped at the opposite wall from Steve, at the other side of the island, blocking off Tony’s escape route. “We left so we can spend time with you.”
“But why? Is it because Steve is always so nice to him and petting him and—”
“You think I’m
“Please,” Tony said. “I can just cut off the casts and put new ones after!”
They’d spend sleepless nights like that, and Steve would sometimes go straight to Tony’s apartment after work. Tony would work and Steve would lounge in another chair with his sketchbook and charcoals. It became routine, something that Steve looked forward to every day.
“Tony, we gotta talk,” Steve announced. Then blinked when he saw no sign of him. “Tony?”
“Oh this must be good. Tell me.”
“…So you played music just for the hell of it?”
Tony wiggled, feeling the plug jostle inside. He knew he was going to be sore as hell when he woke up later, but he couldn’t help but look forward to it. “I want to keep it.”
Steve grinned at him, petting Tony’s hair. “That was the point.”
“What are we? Twelve?”
Tony hummed in approval and snuggled closer, feeling his heavy eyes slip close. But before he could drift off, he murmured into the silence, “For the record, I was never that obnoxious.”
Steve smiled. “Because they’re you. They helped you create the suit and escape from captivity. ‘Cause they help you every day in your genius. ‘Cause they’re so beautiful and elegant.”
Tony tensed immediately again. His eyes glanced to the side and Steve knew he was going to lie, so he added, “Why don’t you skip the bullshit and tell me the truth?”
The one-story base was hidden in a rural part of the state, its location cloaked and invisible to radar and plain eyes.
“You should talk to him,” Bruce said. “He’s taking things the wrong way. And he’s even more restless than I thought he would be.”
The workshop’s glass door opened and in came a shirtless Rogers and a downcast Dummy, acting like he was a little boy who got caught with his hand in the cookie jar. And what was Dummy doing with Butterfingers’ camera?
Tony was smiling as he fell asleep. He was looking forward to it.
It was four in the morning and it looked like it was safe, but there were no such thing as being too careful when you lived with two professional spies.
“Wait, Dummy is in love with Steve?” Tony all but shrieked.
“Just making sure,” he muttered. He unzipped his jeans one-handed and pulled out his already hard cock. He took one of Tony’s hands—gently, because Tony never had a good track record of being honest with his injuries—and guided it to wrap around him. He looked away from Tony’s eyes and down at the visual of that beautiful hand curling its long fingers around his thickness. Tony stroked loosely, his thumb rubbing against the vein on the underside.
“Yes?” Personally, Steve didn’t think doughnuts warranted that kind of disbelief, but Tony was always rather strange.
Well, shit.
The coffee supply in the workshop was running out, even the iced drinks in his mini-fridge that he saved for emergencies. It meant he actually had to resurface from his hole and grab more from the kitchen. Since the team moved in, Tony conducted a series of experiments to conclude which were the best times to go to the kitchen with a low chance of coming across his teammates. The answer was that there were no best times. He had to pop in randomly and pray to a higher power.
Without a word, Steve lifted Tony up and off his feet. Tony yelped and wrapped his legs around his middle. “Warn someone first!”
“Take care.” When the call ended, Tony pulled off the headset and set it and his empty drink on a table. He was free for the afternoon: he signed all the paperwork Pepper emailed him, he visited R&D and scared the newest recruits, and he managed to finish the schematics for an updated SHIELD body armor. He had earned a well-deserved break.
“Stark—“ Steve said in a warning tone of voice.
“Yeah?” Steve grunted. He squeezed his hand around Tony’s neck and Tony gasped, feeling light-headed. “You look perfect like this, sweetheart. You’re gripping me so good, so tight.”
“Shh.”
Tony swallowed roughly. “Thought you were stuck with Coulson all day?”
“Beautiful,” Steve whispered. He held Tony’s head back up and kissed him, his tongue slipping in. Tony wanted more from Steve; he couldn't understand why he resisted for so long.
“Jesus, Steve, we got the doctor’s seal of approval!”
“So what do you expect?” Tony said, his voice hoarse and weak. “You think I’m just going to tell you everything. You’re going to be my therapist now? Prescribe me some Valium? Don’t worry, I got the self-medication part down.” Then he winced. That sounded weak and pathetic, even for him.
For the first time since Rogers came in, Tony turned to look at him fully. Rogers’ eyebrows were furrowed in all his patriotic concern, the edges of his mouth creased and his jaw clenched. As if he picked the short end of the straw and had to come and coax the resident genius into playing family with the rest of the Avengers. Tony scoffed. “One, you don’t know me. We’ve known each for how long? Three months? Two, don’t bother trying to play the considerate captain and save yourself the energy.”
“I’ll check out the rest of their supplies. You almost done?”
“So what’s that schematic?” Steve gestured at the holograph.
And that was that, really. Steve didn’t see much of Tony for the next week or so. Not that he wanted to see him, of course. The guy was a complete dick and was too full of himself. It didn’t matter if he was very handsome with a full, luscious mouth that was just begging to be… No, there was no point in entertaining those kinds of thoughts. They were two neighbors with different lives going their separate ways. They were probably never going to interact with each other anyway.
Instead of the small smile Steve expected, Tony turned his whole body over to face away from him. But Steve didn’t mind much. Tony was safe now. Steve stayed as Tony’s breathing became slower and refused to move the rest of the night despite the nurses’ objections.
“But—”
But before he could feel the disappointing emptiness, Steve pushed the butt plug back into him. “There you go,” he murmured before sucking at his neck.
Steve breathed a quiet laugh. “No, but you were close.”
It was a very sweet kiss. A kiss that made Steve ached to turn it into something deeper and headier, but he kept it light. He figured there would be other times for those kinds of kisses. It only lasted a few moments and when Steve pulled back, he saw Tony’s eyes were closed, his lashes fanning his cheeks. He slowly opened his eyes and mumbled, “That wasn’t a punch.”
“Such maturity,” he said in a long suffering voice.
The silence only lasted about a minute and Tony started to mutter, telling Steve to hurry up, he’s done this before, he’s not some fragile thing.
Clint groaned and stilled, pressing his face into the nape of Tony’s neck. After a long moment, he turned to kiss Tony’s cheek before withdrawing from Tony’s tight heat.
“Can’t you make the schematics and have someone else build it?”
Anyway, I really hope you enjoyed this. I had a lot of fun writing this and I hope my writing didn't suck too bad this time.
“Yeah, well.” Tony waved a hand lazily in Dummy’s direction before grinning at Steve. “Wow, Rogers, didn’t expect you to be giving a free show,” he said, leering at Steve’s bare chest.
Doombots were released in Manhattan once again when Steve found himself facing an increasingly angry Tony Stark.
And this was really—
“Aaaand… I’m in,” Tony said cheerfully.
Steve sighed and took his usual seat on the couch, taking out his sketchbook and charcoal. Tony didn’t acknowledge him for the rest of the day.
“Good.”
“Stop. This self-pity thing is getting old and it’s my thing, I copyrighted it, I’ll sue you.” It was hard for something with no face to look so pathetic, but Dummy somehow managed to achieve it. Tony rolled his eyes and patted his strut. “Go play a board game with Butterfingers—not You, he gets too competitive. Go, shoo.” He watched as Dummy grabbed Life from the game shelf, smiling a little to himself. He picked up his soldering iron and went right back to work.
“Very well, sir.”
“We’re finished here.”
“I know. I just wish you wouldn’t put yourself into needless danger.”
His gentle voice brought Tony’s attention back to him. Tony was shaking, trying not to cry, trying not to look at Steve, but he couldn't help it now.
Steve added some lines of details to the background before noticing the time on his watch. “Have to go, Tony. I promised Nat a sparring session today.”
Steve’s free hand reached the plug and dragged it out slowly, twisting to make the plug rub even more deeply into him. Once he pulled it free, he barely gave Tony a moment to prepare himself before he thrust into him in one smooth motion, bottoming out. Tony gasped and collapsed into his forearms, struggling to carry his weight.
“Hey, I know Captain America can be a dick sometimes.”
“Steve,” Tony whined, desperate to get Steve to fuck him too. Steve pretended not to hear him, too wrapped up in sucking at Clint’s bottom lip.
Steve rolled his eyes. He pressed his fingers to Tony’s entrance, pressing one in lightly, circling the rim. He could hear Tony’s breath hitch. After wetting the outside, he pushed one finger inside slowly, stretching him as carefully as he can. The last thing he wanted was to hurt Tony.
to care?”
“Let’s face it, I’m not your favorite Avenger, and you sure as hell aren’t mine.”
“She gave me a lot to think about.”
“That’s the plan.” Steve pushed Tony onto the bed, hovering over him. “Do have any idea how long I’ve wanted this? How I’ve fantasized about this?” Then he hesitated. “Are you sure your hands are all right?”
Steve snapped out of his daze and steadied Tony’s hips, keeping him still. “Just a little more.”
Sam looked up and gave Steve a commiserating look. “I think Steve has a crush on him.”
“No, I am being very serious. This is how serious I am.” Tony tried to school his face into looking stern. The whole effect failed when he started giggling.
It wasn’t every day where you went looking for your best friend, only to find said best friend in his room with his bots surrounded by images of yourself. Yeah, it was that kind of day.
“It’s what happens when you’re head of R&D and have to engineer new Avengers tech in your spare time. Now if you don’t mind—”
“Yes.”
“Don’t worry about it. It’s not like I was drunk every single time I had sex. Well, I was drunk every time I was with a guy, but whatever, that’s past and – Steve? Steve, babe, you okay?”
Steve nodded dumbly, wondering if this wasn’t just a dream. But Tony was hot underneath him, writhing against him, pressing his length against Steve’s, and Steve shivered.
Dummy made a whining noise before turning the camera around and focusing it on his siblings. Butterfingers was mopping the floor where it was oil stained and You was bopping along to AC/DC. He whined again.
“Hulk, you did good by protecting Tony,” Steve said. “But maybe next time don’t push him so hard? He is delicate.” Tony scoffed.
He paused, his hand reached half-way to flick the holographic schematic around. “Why?”
Something bumped against Steve’s knee and he reluctantly looked away. “Thanks, Dummy,” he said, taking the glass of green liquid from the bot’s metal hand. Dummy beeped happily before returning to his creator’s side.
“This isn’t you.”
Steve looked around and saw the speakers – giant and looking ridiculously overpriced – sitting in a corner. He swiftly unplugged them and blessed silence filled the air.
“Come on, let me help.” Steve wrapped one arm around Tony’s middle and stretched one useless arm over his own shoulders. “Don’t worry, Tony, there’s a nice, comfy bed at SHIELD medical with your name on it.”
“Of course I have. I mean, sure, I was drunk the last time I was with a guy, but—”
Little gasps fell out of Tony’s mouth, in time with Steve’s thrusts, but just as Tony was getting ready to tell him to really give it to him, Steve thrust so hard it made Tony’s toes curl. Steve curled one hand around the back of Tony’s neck and pushed him further down into the mattress, causing Tony’s cries to get muffled. He ground his hips, circling inside Tony until Tony startled at a new sensation.
Tony keened, his eyes opening and focusing hazily on Steve. “Steve, babe, I’m close, I’m—”
Dummy whined again, gesturing with his arm.
“Oh, that’s nice,” Tony breathed.
Sparring was a welcome distraction from his current dilemma. And he did not doubt for one second that Nat could see something consuming him. Nat was scary like that; she probably knew about Steve’s problem before he realized it himself. Fifteen minutes later he found himself on his back with the famous Black Widow hovering over him, glaring at him. “Not your best,” she said and then gave him a meaningful look. Of course, Nat, message received. She got off him and let him stand to his feet.
“It’s just my hands, it’s not like my whole body is in pain.”
Steve woke up promptly at six and left the tower for his morning jog. When he returned to his room, wiping the light sweat from his temple, JARVIS said, “Captain, I have prepared a bath for you with comfortably warm water.”
“Appreciate!” Tony spluttered. “I’m not a stalker like you, Dummy, what the hell were you thinking? Why’d you give candles to You? Was You supposed to light them afterwards because I swear to God—”
“That is simply not true, sir, I prioritize you over anyone else.”
“Certainly, sir.” Strangely, the AI sounded pleased, beyond just being polite.
“Wouldn’t dream of it, Nat.” He needed to let out all this nervous energy anyway.
“Yes. Remember how he was recording you all the time, and then later you found him in your room at night. Recording you again. Without your consent.”
“He does have feelings,” Steve argued, feeling weirdly defensive.
“Eh,” Tony said, still trying to catch his breath. “I’ll give you a 7.5 for technique, 8.1 for effort.”
“Oh, I’m fucked, I’m fucked, what I’m going to do? Goddammit, what am I going to do?”
Tony turned to look at him. Steve didn't look taunting, more matter of fact if anything. Clint on the other hand was openly smirking, that bastard. Clint’s eyes dropped to Tony’s groin and Tony’s breathing quickened.
Once those three have left, Bruce muttered something about ‘soft tissue injuries’ and disappeared, leaving Tony and Steve alone in the room. This wasn’t what Steve was hoping for when he was thinking of getting Tony alone after the mission.
He shook his head as he pulled the sweater on. It’d probably got mixed up into Thor’s laundry again; it’s happened before.
“You’re brilliant, you’re beautiful, yes please, another?”
Hours passed before Tony resurfaced with the need to relieve himself. After flushing the toilet, he looked around to see Butterfingers cleaning the game up by himself and You tidying up his charging station. Dummy was gone.
Steve shrugged. “Drawing is what I do when I want to remember something good. Make it permanent so I can go look it over again and remember.”
Bemused, he left the living room.
When Pepper left, he was almost relieved. The suspense was gone. Now it was just him and his ‘what-if’s.
Dummy beeped sadly and slumped his whole body in a dejected pose.
“Actually, sir, that’s not true. In some ways you were worse.”
This was his chance though. While Clint appeared impenetrable, it looked like Steve let his guard down enough that Tony could get through and run down to his shop. They couldn't disturb him if he went into lockdown.
Tony moaned again and, to his disappointment, Steve withdrew from his mouth. Before he could complain, strings of come landed over his open mouth and cheeks. Tony gasped in surprise and looked up to see Steve fisting his still hard erection.
“You like him.”
“Maybe some other time. I’m pretty busy here.”
Once the captain was gone, Tony turned his table back up and with fake casualness asked JARVIS, “So, why was Dummy recording Capsicle while he was having his beauty sleep?”
“Lube?” Steve asked once they parted for air.
“Do you want the plug out, or do you want to keep it for now?” she asked.
“Is there a problem?”
Tony vigorously shook his head, tears falling everywhere. “I’ll destroy you.”
There was a beat of silence and Tony said, “I know this looks bad, but this isn’t what it looks like.”
Tony would be a liar if he said he’d never fantasize about this. Long before Steve ever showed up, Tony got himself off to thoughts of sucking Captain America’s cock. But in those fantasies, he always thought of the Captain as polite and respectful, not brutish and demanding like the real one was. Steve looked like he was ready to pry Tony’s jaw open and force himself inside.
“Thank you,” he breathed out.
God, he was pathetic. But still. Maybe.
“No, sir, he was too busy going over his video. He’s tentatively calling it
The AI said, “You told Captain Rogers, ‘I know I must be ugly to look at now,’ in reference to your hands being injured.”
He realized it was even more arousing to be outside of his private rooms, on the communal floor, engaging in this dirty wrong thing in the places where the team hung out. Like this kitchen, for example. No one could ever be alone in the kitchen for long, someone else always wandered in search of food, at all hours of the day. And though he knew no one else but him would be here for the day, there was still that anxiety that someone would intrude unexpectedly, see Tony with his back to the refrigerator, rutting his hips back--
“Really?” JARVIS sighed. “All of this and you still persist?”
“Enough fussing. Sleep,” he grumbled.
“Any day, old man,” Tony mumbled, bracing his hands on Steve’s ribcage.
“Bruce?” Tony asked weakly.
Dummy whined.
He grabbed an armful of different coffee bags and was about to flee back into the elevator when the exit was being blocked by a large blonde man.
Dummy whirled around, arm raised as if trying to stop Tony, but it was too late.
Steve reluctantly pushed the anger aside. “All right. But we are gonna talk about this.”
“My lesson?” Tony echoed in an obnoxious tone.
“Your… clothes….” Tony’s eyes glazed over.
“You used to love them.” Steve stared at Tony in shock, but Tony wasn’t looking at him. Or rather he was refusing to look at him. “I noticed, y’know. In the shop. Or when we’re relaxing in the kitchen. You stare at them all the time. And it really confused me, but, I don’t know, you liked them so…” He shrugged. “And now they’re ruined.”
“Thanks, but I take forever with baths. I’ll just stick with the shower.”
“Okay, okay.” He held his hands out in an attempt to pacify him. “I will. Only if you do something for me.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll feed you,” Steve said, lifting his fork and giving him his most innocent look.
“You have to admit this is pretty weird.”
Tony arched up, gasping. “I think I’m good—no, really, Steve, it’s enough.”
“Uh-uh,” Bruce interjected, walking over to stand next to Steve. “You’ll still be flexing your wrist if you pilot the suit.”
Dummy kept whining.
He took a shuddering breath and straightened up, a bit wobbly. The living room would be the next stop.
Clint had lowered the vibration again, no longer overwhelming. He leaned in, mouthing at the side of Tony’s neck, his hand wandering down his back. It grasped the base of the plug and pulled it out slowly, until it was nearly entirely out, before pumping it back into him.
Steve didn’t spend much time on his floor, opting to hang around the communal floor, the gym, or the workshop. Really the place only existed for him to sleep and he hadn’t been there the past few days; being a supersoldier meant not having to sleep as much. He did crash on the couch in the living room for four hours, falling asleep while watching a bad Syfy original movie. And so it was a bit of a surprise when he went to his room, shrugging off his shirt, before stopping and staring.
That was an incredibly terrifying thought.
When Steve started hanging out in the workshop, the drawings’ subject changed again. To the Iron Man suit, to the bots beeping around the place, and at last to Tony. Tony while concentrating, Tony while soldering metal, Tony while making schematics. Tony’s eyes, his lips, his hair, his biceps, his hands. Steve was a complete goner.
He dropped it.
“Ah.” Well that certainly was easier to fathom than a robot being in love with him. “How did he manage to move this all here?”
Steve beamed. “Yeah. I don’t mind waiting. I know how busy you are, Tony.”
But just as Tony was about to move, he heard a familiar voice call out cheerfully and viciously swore inside the safe confines of his mind. Of all times, this was when he'd get interrupted?!
“I like you too, Tony. That’s why I spend so much time here.”
“If you’re done with your caveman routine, can you help me take him to his room?” Natasha said, pressing soft kisses to Tony’s mouth. Tony groaned but couldn’t find the energy to kiss back, too exhausted and too floaty to make the effort. Natasha didn’t seem to take it personally; she only smiled at him.
Steve leaned in to hush him with a quick kiss. “I’m not rushing this.”
The toy was still moving inside him, and though he felt sore, it wasn’t entirely unpleasant. He reached the control with a shaky hand and turned it off.
“Next thing you know Iowa will be mass-producing asshole archers. Who would have thought?” Tony said. Clint glared at him.
Bucky turned towards the cubicle next to his, where their coworker was trying to ignore their conversation and get some actual work done. “Hey, Sammy, what do you think?”
It seemed as if every time Steve entered a room and Tony was there, Tony made quick excuses to leave. Like “oh I just remembered I have a huge stack of legal documents to sign and Pepper will castrate me if I don’t get them done.” Or “I need to prepare for this very important shareholders’ meeting, you know how it is running a corporation.” Basically any task Tony hated doing and would avoid like the plague. Yet Tony would rather do them than spend time with Steve.
“I can also see how stiffly you're moving.  Hell, I can smell you. You're leaking, aren't you?”
The two robots on either side of Dummy bopped their heads up and down excitedly.
scenarios with this man.
“Tony,” her voice called softly. When he didn’t respond, he felt her hands curl around his jaw and force his head up. “Please, look at me.”
“Uh—”
Steve chuckled, rolling on the condom and maneuvering into position. He added lube to his erection and dragged Tony’s hips closer to him. “You ready?”
Tony barked out a short laugh. “No, I’m not. But this did have the nice consequence of you showing up at my door.” At that, something warm suffused within him. Ah, hell, Bucky was right.
“Hey! Don’t walk away when I’m talking to you! I should take that goddamned camera away, how’d you like that?” When he knew Dummy could no longer hear him, he shook his head and glanced at the other bots. “What?” he said, feeling weirdly defensive under their unwavering stares. “You both know Dummy is the problem child.”
“Dummy was uncomfortable with throwing away everything he’s worked on.”
“We know, Hulk. You were just trying to help. And now, why don’t you let Dr. Banner out so he could help?”
“Seriously,” Tony said as he pushed Steve into the elevator and shove up against the wall. The elevator began to move. “You made me wait a whole month, you fucker.”
Steve grabbed Tony by the lapels of his outfit and threw him into the bed. “Get undressed.” When Tony stared at him in shock, unmoving, Steve snapped, “Now, Stark.”
“No, I’ve believed the bone to be fully healed now.” When Tony looked ready to escape the room, Bruce added, “Of course, it couldn’t hurt to take more X-rays to make sure everything is in place.”
“You’re not mad?”
He bypassed the empty kitchen and living room, following the source of the music to one of the bedrooms. And there was Tony, sitting at a computer, surrounded by machinery, typing at the keyboard with one hand and turning over a circuit board with his other hand.
“Tony,” Steve interrupted. “It’s fine. It’s not that big of a deal. Just, I don’t know, that’s weird even for him.”
“Okay, how about at seven? I won’t be late, JARVIS will alert me, won’t you, buddy?”
Tony flew across the room towards a wall with his hands outstretched as if to stop the momentum. A sickening crack followed and he fell to the ground, unmoving.
Tony could feel Steve moving closer and then his large, warm hand found the curve of his ass again. Tony braced himself just as the hand came down, hard, enough that he knew his skin was bright red. The hand paused long enough to grope his cheek, before spanking him again.
Eight months ago Steve was leading a group of headstrong strangers into what felt like a suicide mission. Against aliens. Though he knew he shouldn’t be surprised; after all he fought against someone called the Red Skull who wield the Tesseract with abandon. He himself went from a 90-pound weakling to 240 pounds of pure muscle. Who also happened to sleep through 70 years. At this point nothing should be very surprising.
Without any warning, Steve gripped the back of his head and pushed him fully onto his dick. Tony spluttered but Steve gave no mind, only moving Tony’s head easily over his cock as if his mouth was a fleshlight.
Steve nodded. “Okay.” He moved forward and took Tony’s chin in his hand gently, tilted it up and reached his lips.
Ten days later, Robert Plant’s shouting and Jimmy Page’s fast strumming shocked him out of sleep. “Are you fucking kidding me?” he muttered, not even bothering with sandals this time. He ignored his neighbors’ loud curses as his fist pounded on the door. When no one answered, he twisted the doorknob and found it unlocked. He entered the apartment.
“I’ll remember it!” Tony protested as Steve helped him to his feet.
He leaned over to the nightstand to grab the lubricant and slicked up his fingers. Tony kept whining, trying to urge Steve to hurry, to stop teasing, you cock tease. A single finger plunged into his entrance shut him up pretty quick.
“I don’t think so, Stark.”
Not for the first time since the incident a week ago, he wondered what the robot did with the video. Of him sleeping. He won’t lie, that was rather unsettling. He refused to ask JARVIS, concluding that it was better off not to know.
Tony shakily inhaled at the thought.  He had only ever experimented with the toy; he'd never actually had someone inside him. And though he was nervous, he wanted it. He wanted it badly.
“Good, it’s settled,” Steve said brightly, pecking Tony on his lips before stepping back towards his meal. “We have leftovers from curry last night, you want some?”
“Huh. Hey, why did I put repulsor tech?”
A few days later it was Movie Night and the Avengers ordered in from their favorite Chinese place. They gathered in the communal TV room to watch the Indiana Jones movies.
“JARVIS!”
“Right. Even though it’s 92 degrees outside. Um, I’ll find your missing… shirts. Don’t worry about it.”
His mouth closed and opened again to say, “You made a fucking shrine to him?”
. JARVIS said it’s one of your favorite movies.”
“Dummy!” The AI’s voice went quieter but no less harsh; in fact if any of the Avengers were present, they’d worry that he was going Skynet, judging by the vitriol in his British-accented voice. “Leave. Now. The Captain will visit the workshop later, and you can see him then. Do not proceed—”
After a minute of male posturing, Rogers rolled his eyes. “Whatever.” And he left.
A short silence fell in the room before Clint broke it. “He must really be frustrated that he can’t masturbate anymore.”
“You see,” Tony continued, “this was all Dummy’s fault.”
“Are you all right?”
, Daddy has to go mingle.”
“Hulk, focus on the tanks first.”
“It’s movie night. We’re watching
Dummy waved at him with his arm. He was at the foot of the bed, seemingly directing Butterfingers and You. Butterfingers was carefully spreading rose petals over the picture and the bed while You was placing candles on the bedside table. They all looked disgustingly pleased with themselves.
“I thought you were angry.”
Natasha hummed in approval, tilting his head to kiss him again. She scratched her nails into his scalp and he preened.
“Do you want it?” Steve asked again, seriously. And Tony knew that if he said no, they’d all finally leave him alone and would never bring it up again, and Tony could lock himself up in the shop and work in peace.
Once most of the agents were handled, Steve nodded at Natasha. “Widow, take care of things here? I’m going to check on Iron Man and Hulk.”
The scene changed and this one was of Steve drawing in the workshop. “Don’t move,” he said. “I’m drawing you. Never really drew robots before, mostly do landscapes and people.” Instead of focusing on the sketchbook, the camera zoomed in on Steve’s smile.
“So you’re not just using that work excuse to be a dick.”
“Anything you need help with?”
“Seriously?” Steve shouted. Tony didn’t look up, too engrossed in his work.
What annoyed him the most was that the punishment Natasha planned for him wasn’t even that bad. Hell, once he got over feeling humiliated and exposed, he even enjoyed it. He wasn’t used to having the entire team’s perverted attention on him; despite his playboy reputation he never even joined them on one of their sessions.
“Okay, but am I potentially getting laid before I die of blue balls?”
He tapped his arc reactor absently. “You know, it was easier with Pepper. It wasn’t this constant anxiousness when I was around her.”
“You’ll live.” Nat patted his cheek and Tony flinched away from her. “C’mon, Clint, those Lost reruns are on tonight. Thor, you have anything you’d like to say?”
“Can it, JARVIS.” He reached for the door handle and opened it.
When Steve looked back at him, he frowned. “How hard is it to get undressed?” He reached over to rip the rest of Tony’s dress shirt, and, when Tony gasped at the brute display, he tore down his pants and shoes until Tony was left in only his red panties.
No. No, he would not, and Tony knew that. “We could just do like a, you know, like an appetizer.”
Tony didn’t say anything for a long time. He stared at Steve, his mouth opening and closing like a fish would. At last he said, “W-with me?”
The weirdest thing was that the AI seemed evasive and uncomfortable when he answered. “He is… in his bedroom, Captain.”
“For me it is.” Tony’s eyes narrowed, trying to focus his gaze directly on Steve and failing. He settled the bottle carefully down before flopping onto his back. “Just imagine what I can get done if I was. Maybe How—” He shut up and did his best to ignore Steve.
“Bruce, light of my life, my muse, I’m okay. I don’t need to go to medical,” at this he glared at Steve, “I just need to sleep it off and I’ll be so new I’ll be shiny.” He placed his left hand on the floor as he attempted to get back on his feet. He flailed and landed on his side again. “Fuck this.” Realizing how useless he was at the moment, he continued to glare at Steve as if that’ll solve all his problems.
Tony snorted.
Steve was waiting for him on the communal floor. He knew Tony had a tendency to be late to every social function, despite Tony assuring him he’d be on time. Still he glanced up at the ceiling and asked, “JARVIS, where’s Tony?”
Tony waited for the coolness of lubed fingers to open him up, but instead he felt a hot breath before his spread cheeks, and then a firm wetness prodding at his entrance. He gasped and clenched at the sheets, squirming as the tongue licked at his furled opening.
“You’re driving me insane,” Tony gasped.
“Y’know,” Tony said, “you can always stay here and keep me company.”
“Tony.” Steve even directed one of his signature ‘I am Captain America and I am disapproving of this’ looks at him.
Dummy tucked it into his base and ensured it wouldn’t fall before gathering up the container again.
“Yes, I remember,” Steve said dryly.
“Steve.” Tony grasped the side of Steve’s face and turned him to look him in the eye. He offered a reassuring smile. “I want to focus on the here and now. We can talk about what happened before later, but I’m sober now and I want you. I really do.”
She paused. “For what?”
“That doesn’t mean he likes dick though!”
If Steve had to be honest with himself, the fact was that he did think Tony was rather attractive. Which annoyed him even more. Insomniacs who cared for no one but themselves and their work shouldn’t be so handsome.
Steve leaned over to whisper, “Need any help?”
Steve’s cheeks tinged a light pink. “If that’s all I’m going back to bed. You should sleep too.”
“This is bullshit,” Tony declared when Steve entered the workshop. He was sitting at a workbench, glaring at a piece of armor that Dummy was trying to work on. Emphasis on trying. “My hands are clumsier than his.” He gestured at Dummy and the bot let out a miserable sounding beep.
Of course, none of this information succeeded in deterring the robot that was slowly sneaking into the living room.
Steve ran down the stairwell, taking two or three steps at a time. He reached the last floor to see Tony out of his suit and messing with the computers while Hulk checked the perimeter.
Silence. Tony frowned. Oh no, what has he got up to now? For a scary moment, Tony’s brain conjured up the worst scenarios, that the robot fell into the elevator shaft, that he got short-circuited, that his whole personality got wiped—
“But Steve, specifically? While he was asleep? Unless he’s been doing this to the other Avengers.” Though Tony would love to see Dummy try to record Natasha. Did that spy assassin honey trap ever sleep? Of course, if Dummy had been trying to record her, he’d be dead already and Tony would have to avenge the dumb bot. Or something.
“It’s another way you can make it up to me for waking me at night,” Steve said playfully.
Well then. That wasn’t what Tony was expecting. As soon as he was aware that his mouth was open and he was staring, he schooled his expression into a sneer. “Okay. And? What, did you think I spent these months agonizing over your lack of apology?”
“Dummy,” Steve repeated.
“Sir, I do not have a—”
“I asked JARVIS where you were and he was acting weird. I know now it was because of this.” Steve gestured at the room.
Tony suddenly stiffened and pulled away from the warmth of their embrace. He refused to meet Steve’s confused eyes, staring resolutely at the ceiling. “Um, don’t hit me.”
“Then why don’t you stay here for a bit? I have Chinese takeout in fridge, or at least I did a few days ago. It might still be there. You know, if you’re hungry. Midnight snack.” Tony shrugged in a faux-casual way and Steve realized for the first time that his presence made Tony nervous. Huh.
He locked everything up in his workshop and moved into the elevator, trying to appease his nerves. Casual.
Dummy lowered his camera and set it on the table before moving over to Steve’s corner, looking down at the forgotten art supplies.
As Steve later found out, when he confronted his landlord, Tony had paid a rather hefty “noise fee” and so now Mr. Kennedy was willing to look the other way. And the rest of tenants had suddenly quieted down their own complaints, though Steve thought he had a pretty good idea as to why.
“Exactly. And I have no filter. No tact. I’m someone you don’t want to be seen out in public with unless you
“Excuse you,” Tony said, waving a screwdriver at Steve’s amused expression. “In case you forgot, I’m in charge of a multi-million dollar company that’s the leading research in clean energy, along with being in this little superhero club and having to update all of your gear and weapons while still working on my new armor and—”
“It’s not about that. You need to listen and follow the rest of the team, not go out and do your own thing and leave everyone in the dark,” Steve said.
Before Tony can mourn its loss, he jolted when he felt Clint’s fingers, slick with what was surely lube, slide into him easily. The fingers worked him even more open, preparing him for something bigger than the plug.
Tony had stepped forward, his mouth only a few inches away, his pupils blown wide. He licked his lips. “Yes—”
“I apologize, sir, but they wanted to keep it a surprise.”
“Ah.”
Steve’s answer was to rub slowly over the head of Tony’s clothed erection. He grinned when he saw Tony’s eyes flutter, rocking his hips up to meet Steve’s hand. Steve moved so that his mouth was right by Tony’s ear. “So how do you want this?” he whispered.
