"I love you." Tony whispers. Steve kisses him once more, strokes his cheek and whispers it back.
“So what are you waiting for? Take me to bed, soldier.”
“You bastard.” Tony says between kisses. “I thought you were dead.” Steve pulls his good hand up to cradle his head and connects their lips for longer this time.
“There is something I want to do, though.” Steve says quietly. “If you want to, that is.” Tony nods, quirking an eyebrow curiously. Steve leans into his face and stops when their lips are only an inch apart.
Steve pulls him off to let him breathe, asks if he’s okay, and Tony just nods. His jaw is slack, and he licks his lips as he catches his breath, but he seems uninterested in talking. He isn’t even meeting Steve’s eyes anymore, which would be worrisome except that he just seems to be trying so hard to get back to Steve’s cock, and he is – Steve suddenly notices – making occasional tiny movements with his hips against the sofa beneath him. He moans when Steve uses the hand in his hair to pull him close again; he moans louder when Steve thrusts, and a small part of Steve wants to drop his head back and shut his eyes to soak in the sensations, but he couldn’t look away from Tony right now if the building started to collapse. He can’t believe his goddamn luck, honestly, and he knows Tony won’t believe him but he says it anyway. “You look so good,” he murmurs, and Tony whines high up in his throat. “You look, you look incredible—”
"I'll be back soon. I promise, you won't even have time to miss me."
"Yes. Oh, yes," he says haltingly, gasping as he feels Steve's hand move to his cock. "Yes."
He nods, stoic, Adam's apple bobbing in his throat as he swallows hungrily. Then he bends down, fishing in a drawer for a moment before popping back upright with a condom and lube. He watches in silent anticipation as his long, slim fingers dip into him, sending sparks shooting across his field of vision as they brush his prostate. He has no idea what he's even saying anymore, just knows he must be making noise as Steve fingers him. Tony is begging incoherently, just begging for more, to be filled, to be fucked.
“I know.” Steve hisses. “Can we just not?” He mutters. Natasha nods, holding her hands up in surrender.
Sunday is the last day. Sarah knows, somehow, exactly what they need, so she takes the kids to the zoo. He stays in bed for most of the day with Tony, making love and sleeping and breathing in every ounce of his husband. They both cry. Neither of them sleep that night.
Then he starts to realize that Tony Stark is full of shit, because he keeps saying - “I’m fine, I’m fine,” and waving his hands whenever people express concern, but then he’s falling asleep at really inconvenient moments.
"Stop making me laugh! Tony, we can't do it bare-assed on the couch, people sit here,"
“You okay, Rogers? Looking a little dazed there,” Clint points out. Steve nods, smiles a bit.
“So, listen. I’ve got two days a week slotted for video calls for about an hour at a time. My days are Wednesday and Sunday. I can pick the hours, I just want to know what you think. I want to give my ma a day, too.”
It’s not bad. It’s almost feels like they’re boyfriends, going on dates, but they still don’t exactly fit the concept. Steve’s pretty sure that’s okay; that they’re really not supposed to.
“I’m ready." Tony says. Steve quirks an eyebrow.
“I'm going to come, pull off if you want to but I know you can take it.” Steve  squeezes his fingers and keeps his mouth exactly where it is.
Tony clears his throat and Steve pauses mid pivot. When he finally faces him, Tony frowns. “Okay. You still look terrified. Have I turned into a ravening monster?”
“Maybe if you kiss me for real, I’ll talk to you.” Tony’s head whips up to look at Steve. He’s grinning, despite his swollen face, and Tony doesn’t hesitate to--gently--launch himself at him. Their lips meet and their tears mix and Tony has never been more scared and relieved at the same time.
Steve wraps an arm around Tony’s waist and it’s awkward, but when he finally gets a look at Tony’s face. Tony is asleep. Literally asleep, his mouth open just slightly, drool forming in the corner.
"Okay," Tony says. "Head back." Tony says so Steve can rinse his hair.
“Are you surprised?” He asks quietly. Tony turns to him with a smile and kisses him gently.
“And you like being told things. What kind of things, sweetheart?”
Steve laughs heartily as he gets into a comfortable position.
“I shouldn’t shut you out for it,” Steve says. “It wasn’t fair…” He trails off. He isn’t sure how to explain it, that feeling in his gut. How they could be in the same space, so often, constantly sharing stories and life-experiences, and still not know how to cope with each other face-to-face. “I’m learning.”
Tony says “I want to bite you while you come,” and the idea is so overwhelming Steve can hardly get the words out.
“Stop!” Tony yells finally. “I hate you.” He whispers, tears finally falling.
“You’re overworking yourself. You know that, right?” Tony shrugs.
Odd. Steve walks into the bedroom, flipping on the light switch.
"Oh, fuck," Steve says helplessly, stroking just behind Tony's ear. The hair is so silky here, downy-soft, and Tony makes another noise, encouraging. Steve doesn't pull, but keeps his grip firm, the way Tony likes, a steady tension at his scalp when he moves.
“You still okay?” Steve gets off the bed, strips, and searches the bedside table for lube and a condom before coming back and sitting by Tony's side.
It’s late on a Wednesday night when Steve finally returns to his apartment. He’d busied himself at the library until his hunger drove him home. Steve unlocks his door and freezes when he sees Tony standing in the middle of the room, dressed up with a bottle of wine in hand.
The sound of the shower running grabs his attention and and he grins, moving from the kitchen to the bathroom door.
“Believe me, I know.” Steve smirks, licking his lips. Tony sputters and Steve laughs, standing to kiss his boyfriend. His hands snake around his waist and his tongue prods gently at his mouth.
“Of course. Kiss the kids for me. I love you.” And he hangs up.
"I love you, too." He lets go and takes a few steps back.
Steve is gone by the time Tony wakes in the morning, feeling pleasantly sore. He stretches happily before dragging himself out of bed and into the shower. It wasn’t until he went to shave that he noticed the large love bite nestled into the base of his throat.
“No. Well, not at the moment, at least." He says snuggling closer. "Besides, I’m never bored with you.” Steve says nuzzling into Tony’s neck. The man blushes and turns to capture Steve’s lips in a kiss.
“Of course. God, I would never take this away from her. Have you spoken to her? Does she have a preference?” Tony asks.
Steve walks into his own apartment and sees Tony face down on his couch. Steve slams the door and watches Tony flinch into a seated position in a manner that would usually be comical.
They eat by candle light and polish off a bottle of wine, chatting idly and telling stories. They cleanup in comfortable silence, in a safe little bubble.
Tony finally turns around, hands wrapped around a tablet–Christ, Tony’s hands, he wants those hands all over him-and notices Steve doing an impression of a stranded fish.
Tony chuckles, his chest rumbling under Steve's ear. “Go to sleep, sweetheart. We can put you back together later.” And Steve does what he's told
Until it isn’t.
Steve huffs in a breath, tries to hoist Tony a little further up, murmuring, “You okay?”
“Did I get you in the ear?” he chokes and Tony grins.
“Just thinking.” Tony hums, taking a deep breath through his nose, eyes fluttering closed. “Go back to sleep, sweetheart, I’m gonna walk it off.” Tony whines, wrapping himself around Steve like a koala, squeezing tighter as he pulls the sheets off himself.
“Well, you’re moping. So talk to him, or I will.”
“I’m not going. I can’t miss work. I--”
“You,” Tony says standing, getting into Steve’s face. “Are not my keeper. You are my boyfriend. You are supposed to love me and support me, and I have to say, Steve, I don’t feel supported lately.” Tony flattens his palms against Steve’s chest and takes a deep breath. “We’re in college, Steve. I don’t know if you noticed, but we’re kind of paying to do work, so I’m sorry if sometimes I get preoccupied in actual reason I’m fucking here.”
“You are amazing. You are kind and smart and caring. You are Tony fucking Stark.” Tony gazes into Steve’s eyes with all the love and admiration he can muster.
"Thank you," He says, voice muffled as he nuzzles into Steve's side. Tony doesn't know why he says it, only that it seems like the right thing to do in the moment. He feels Steve’s chest shake with a huff of laughter, and a gentle hand moves to his hair, petting and massaging his scalp in small strokes. It feels...safe. Like Tony was meant to be here. Like he's home.
“Just hold me a minute? I'm okay. I'm sorry, I have bad timing. I'll be fine as long as you're not mad at me.”
“No, no. He’ll be fine.” Pepper reassures him.
“I wouldn’t want it any other way.”
They end up on a Sunday/Wednesday schedule. They both managed to end up with the time to sleep in on Mondays, Steve’s first class not starting until 11:30 and Tony’s at noon, and Wednesdays they both get done for the day around one. So they’ll go get dinner, or see a late movie, or get drinks. Sundays and Wednesdays.
“Please move in.” And suddenly, Steve has tears running down his cheeks and he’s breathing deeply.
“So good.” Tony grins. “I mean, not as good as that monster cock of yours, slugger. But
“Tony,” Steve says, raising one eyebrow, stopping Tony mid-sentence. He knows how to play this game, too. He cards his hand through Tony’s unruly dark hair. “I hate worrying about you. I can’t focus when you’re like this. Please?”
“No. No, dirty thoughts is about right. Especially if you're, uh, directing them?” Steve has to stop a moment and get control of the flood of images detailing exactly what directions Tony could give, in high definition and surround sound. “I can explain later?” Tony strokes his hair, gentle comforting gestures that don't make him an ounce less focused on Steve.
Tony has been the one consistent, good thing in his life.
"You're so fucking gorgeous," he hears Steve breathe. "Go ahead, fuck, bounce on it—"
“Yeah, it kind of fucking is.” Steve snaps. Tony blinks at him, his mouth opening and his eyes widening in shock. Then he sits back, stands up. Tony runs a hand through his hair, glancing around the room. His eyes occasionally flick towards Steve, and Steve’s not stupid enough to miss what sits behind that look, the anxieties and fears and desires. Everything Steve loves about Tony, directed at him with the utmost frustration. Possibly anger.
“I told you that the other night, I think.” Steve starts to laugh.
“Come on, baby. Come for me.” Steve whispers in his ear. Tony does just that, moaning obscenely as he releases into Steve’s hand. He kisses Tony sweetly, reaching around him to grab the soap. They wash up in a comfortable silence and Tony hesitantly reaches for the shampoo before Steve can take it.
There’s records. There’s so many records, new and old, of genres he didn’t think Tony even knew about. There’s Black Sabbath (obviously), there’s Florence and the Machine, there’s Les Mis, ACDC, Guns n’ Roses, there’s bands Steve has never even heard of.
"You are so gorgeous," Steve is murmuring into his collarbone, "so fucking pretty all laid out for me."
“That’s right, Steven. Captain, half my seal has been deployed, is that a different process? Oh, I see yes, thank you. No, listen, you’ve been very helpful, I appreciate everything you’ve done. Yes. Thanks.” He hangs up the phone and looks up to Tony expectantly.
“Yes,” Tony assures him, and then presses his parted lips to the tip of Steve’s cock, his tongue flicking away the precum there, and looks up at Steve, his eyes heavy-lidded and dark with anticipation.
Something he'd learned after a few weeks in bed with him is that Steve like to take his time. He likes to go slow and methodical at first before giving in and letting loose. Now, he teases Tony with small swipes of his tongue as he writhes beneath him. He's a breathless wreck thirty seconds in, begging wordlessly for more. The sensation is overwhelming and nowhere near enough all at once, and after a few endless minutes he's actually shaking, his whole body vibrating with want, muscles aching from holding back as Steve teases him with his tongue.
as they cry together.
Steve licks his lips. “Of course,” he says, turning on his heel so trek back into his bedroom. He tosses the towel into the hamper and sits on his bed. Tony follows him in after a moment and presses himself against Steve, wrapping his arms around his neck.
“Hi, I’m something.” Tony shivers, body reacting to Steve’s touch.
So that’s how Steve ends up on his couch on a cold Saturday afternoon with a coffee in hand as he watches shitty t.v. He worked the morning shift, 5:30-11:00, and immediately collapsed onto Tony’s ridiculously comfortable couch the second he walked in the door.
“Yes ma’am,” And the group goes their separate ways, Tony and Steve lingering until they’re the last in the room.
“No? No, you still pretty much look like you.” Steve runs a hand nervously through his hair. “Okay. So. Never explained this before, not sure where to start. I like being told what to do? And I'm kind of spacing out right now because of the thing with the wall and the being quiet? That's going to get worse when we get going. I'm hopeless that way.”
“Almost, kiddo. We have about… ten more minutes.” He checks his watch. “So if you need to go potty, now is the time to do it. I am going to go get your sister up and ready. If Papa calls before I’m back, just talk to him, okay? You know how to answer it.” Peter nods, sitting on the couch dutifully. Tony shakes his head, smiling at his son.
“That sounds great.” Steve says holding Tony a little tighter than usual.
So Steve sits down, takes a break, and starts to read.
For a long beat, Steve just stares at him, and then he chokes, but no, he’s not choking, he’s laughing, trying not to, both hands over his mouth like he can hold it in. And Tony can feel it building in his own chest, bubbling up his throat, and then they’re both laughing, high and hysterical. Steve drops down hard onto the floor from where he’d been kneeling, and it just makes him laugh harder, head dropping until his forehead is pressed to Tony’s shoulder, and they’re shaking together as they gasp for air.
“Tricia,” Pepper corrects automatically.
“I mean,” Tony says slowly, “That regular everyday garden variety city rats are being,” he scrambles for a word, “
Mr. Cooper gives Tony what might be a commiserating sort of look, but somehow makes Steve’s jaw go tight again. “Let’s start out easy, then,” Mr. Cooper suggests, and Steve tries to relax.
Steve stares at her. “Can they do that?”
“Maybe if
“Pepper.”
“Tony,” Steve reaches out, like he might touch, but pulls back before he can make contact. Steve’s the only person in the complex Tony hasn’t touched since he’s been back. Everyone’s been more tactile than ever, needing to prove to themselves and each other that they’re all here. That Steve hasn’t, that he won’t, hurts in a way Tony doesn’t want to think about. Can’t afford to think about. Or maybe it’s the only thing he should be thinking about.
Tony can’t help the frustrated noise, reaches out blindly to grab Steve’s head, tug him up by the hair to kiss him again, to lose himself in it while Steve keeps working him open.
“That happened
“Go handle the press, Tony,” he says.
“Please, don’t,” he says, leans a little into Steve’s touch, puts the hand he’d been holding up on Steve’s shoulder, feels the heat of his skin through the stretched-tight cotton, lets those  points of contact ground him. “I’m glad you told me. I can’t,” he closes his eyes briefly, then opens them again to Steve looking concerned again. “I can’t really process all of this right now. I just keep thinking – I blamed him, my father, for years. I thought. He was driving, must have been drunk, and he drove them right off the road and killed her. And I know that when everything else we’re dealing with is done – if we survive it – I’ll have to deal with this. But right now, all I can think is that
“You’re also stalling,” Pepper informs him tartly, gives him a little shove. “Now go. Jarvis has the address.”
Rhodey grins back at him. “I may need the suit, but you’ve shined her up pretty good. I think I could take him.”
Tony tips a grin back over his shoulder like he was having the same thought.
Something relaxes in Steve’s face, his shoulders. “I can make some, if you’d like?” he offers. “I was going to, for myself, and then I saw you.”
“Got it,” Bruce says. “Thanks, Jarvis.” And Tony can hear the tapping of fingers on a keyboard as he starts to sift through the footage on his end.
“Noted, sir,” Jarvis replies. “Ms. Potts has already added it to your calendar, along with the usual alerts for you to ignore at your convenience.”
“Your tests have come back complete, sir,” Jarvis says, interrupting Tony’s staring contest with the contents of his mug. “There is no significant change in the purity of the output.”
“What?” Tony says again. He was at least half expecting a fight, but he also thought he knew what they’d be fighting about.
The look on Pepper’s face is far too smug for Tony to deal with. “Get out,” he tells her, and she starts to laugh. “Steve Rogers can barely sit in a room and eat a meal with me, and you think his – his
“I didn’t propose!” Steve interjects, rather more loudly than he’d intended. Thor looks startled. Steve’s a little startled, himself, but this is ridiculous.
"What? No, you don't have to."
He glances up at him, eyes sparkling, dips his head and scrapes his teeth across the expanse of his chest, making him shiver. "Am I not touching you?" It's agony, his erection leaking, pelvis straining upward as Steve lavishes attention on every other part of his body, still fully clothed himself as he grinds down against his thigh. "Let me try harder."
“Hi,” Tony breathes when he answers. Steve sounds exhausted, like he’s been up and at it for hours. But he’s safe, so that’s all Tony cares about.
Tony wriggles a little, settling his head at a different angle on Steve's leg. That's all the warning he gets before Tony is tilting his head and nosing at the shape of Steve's cock through the thin fabric of his pajama pants.
“You wanna talk about it?” Bucky asks as they’re getting drinks after work.
“Disgusting.” Tony groans, wiping his son’s saliva off his cheek. Peter laughs, buckling his seat belt.
“Bucky?” Tony breathes. “What’s going on?”
Steve watches in disbelief as Tony takes him in hand again, pressing the tip of his tongue under the head and then stroking hard and fast until Steve can’t hold himself together anymore. He comes, all across Tony's face and hair, and Tony shuts his eyes but doesn’t flinch.
“I love you, too.”
“I know.” He says, tucking his face into Steve’s neck.
“That little boy thinks the world of you.” Steve says reverently. “And I know Grace does, too. You are such a great dad, Tony.” Steve cradles Tony’s face between his hands and thumbs away his
“I know, baby. I know it’s hard. I promise I will call you every day. When I get home we can do whatever you want. Okay? Does that sound good?” Peter sniffles and grabs Tony’s lapels tighter. “I love you, spidey.” He was able to pull himself away from Peter and when the trio went inside, Tony just stared at his husband’s childhood home.
“Yes please?” Tony chuckles and swipes his thumb over Steve’s cheekbone.
“Do you have everything?” Tony asks tearfully. He’s wearing one of Steve’s Army hoodies and a loose pair of gym shorts.
Steve smiles and closes his eyes as Tony tucks his head into his shoulder. Steve runs his fingers through Tony’s loose, greasy hair. “I missed you too,” he says, and Tony chuckles, slotting in right beside Steve.
“Okay. How about some regular, vanilla sex in the meantime?” Tony purrs, licking a fading hickey just beneath the collar of Steve’s t-shirt. Steve chuckles and flips them over, looming over Tony.
“Sorry,” Steve finally gets out, a hoarse whisper. “Definitely not unwelcome.” He actually has to take a breath between the words. He works his hand deeper into Tony's hair, cradling his skull in his palm, and then touches the other to the side of Tony's face. “You’ll tell me?”
“Thanks, Daddy!” He leans into Tony’s side. “I’m all done, right Papa?” Peter asks. Steve nods and tells him to put his things back in his bag before he lets him go play.
Tony screws his eyes shut and leans into his touch, digging into his bottom lip with his teeth. It’d be cute, almost, if he didn’t look so flushed and miserable. “And you promise they’re just going to write me a prescription?”
“Always,” Steve breathes, and pulls back just far enough to press his lips to Tony’s, opens his mouth and lets him chase his tongue, clings tight to anything he can get because this kiss has to last him for hours.
Which is good. It is. He needs to keep his head straight until they get home and Tony enthusiastically kissing him would make that impossible. Even if this... thing of Tony standing inside his personal space and shying back from touching him, kind of makes him want to cry again. He leans forward and brushes his lips against Tony's, who breaks into a grin.
“Don’t go,” He begs.
"I don't mind." Steve says sweetly, kneading the skin on his hip.
“But he’s alive?” Tony croaks looking over at the other man. Bucky nods, and Tony watches his Adam's apple bob as he swallows. Tony throws his head back in relief and cries quietly.
“Don’t.” Steve says as he begins to walk. “You’re lucky Natasha was able to help me out before my presentation with Fury.” Tony chuckles and races to meet Steve, who had raced off a few paces ahead.
“Okay. I will, I’m here. I promise.”
“Yes. A little worse for wear, but yes.” Tony clasps their hands together and doesn’t let go.
“Made you swear.” Tony chides, biting at Steve’s neck. Steve hides his face in embarrassment again and moans, the sound muffled. Tony softly kisses up his jaw, murmuring a soft apology.
“Well, I just love you and appreciate you and wanted to tell you.” Tony chews his lip as Steve gets up and goes to the basket for something. “You have made me so happy and feel so loved for ten years and you gave me a home. I know this doesn’t compare.” Steve gestures to the surrounding environment. “But. I was wondering,” Steve takes a shaky breath and holy fucking shit is he proposing? “If you would let me make it up to you by marrying me?” He has tears in his eyes and is shaking on his knee. Tony mirrors his position, tears and all, and takes his face in his hands.
“Oh, hush.” Tony rolls his eyes playfully, wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck.
In any other circumstance , the way Tony’s eyes widen like saucer plates would be comical. Instead, it makes Steve’s heart sink, seeing his flushed skin redden with anxiety and eyes huge in panic.
“Did I miss dinner?” Tony asks quietly. He blinks, looking at his watch. 7:22. Dinner was at 6:00. “Fuck. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to, I swear--” Steve shushes him, wrapping his arms around Tony’s frame.
2:00 on Sunday afternoon is their time. That first Sunday, Tony gets Morgan down for a nap earlier than he’d like to usually, but he wants her to be awake and alert during the call. He explained to Peter that Papa only has an hour, so he needs to pick the most important things to talk about. He can’t really say anything else, he just wants Peter to get the most out of this.
“No, that’s okay. Thanks.”  Steve removes his shoes and lounges on the bed, reveling in the scent of Tony. He pulls the new phone out of his pocket in an attempt to learn how to use it.
“Jesus Christ,” Steve mutters, sleep still edging in his vision. “You said your flight was on Tuesday.”
is everyone okay? thanks for reading, this was fun
Tony has the good sense to look sheepish. Then, of course, he says, “Narcolepsy?” like he’s testing the waters, wondering if he can either convince Steve into just pitying him, or at least make Steve laugh.
tears. “You’re a wonderful father.” He kisses Tony’s forehead. “You’re an incredible husband.” A kiss to his nose. “And you are the best man I know.” A kiss to his lips.
"Steve?” He looks up expectantly.
“I know,” Steve whispers.
Steve guides Tony down onto the bed with its soft sheets and plush pillows and mattress. Tony lets out a sigh as adrenaline and happiness rush through his veins. Little flickers of arousal spark in Tony’s belly as Steve kisses down his body. Steve places kisses and nips to the soft flesh of Tony’s belly and growls as Tony’s fingers card through his hair, tugging lightly.
"Now you," Steve says tapping Tony’s hip.
“You okay?”
“You’re really good at this, sweetheart.” Steve compliments with a dopey smile on his face. Tony grins back, planting a soft kiss against his bare shoulder blade.
“Yes.” Tony lets out a wet sob and throws himself at Steve, kissing any exposed skin he can reach. “Yesyesyes,” Tony kisses him, slipping the ring on his finger. He wipes the tears from his eyes and holds his boyfri-
“Hi,” Tony says. “I hope you’re hungry, I made lasagna.” Steve walks to his boyfriend and pulls him into a hug.
“Was it good, though? I didn’t hurt you, did I?” Tony shakes his head with a dazed smile.
“Papa!” He yells, boucning up and down in excitement.
“Only if Steve makes them.” Peter says automatically, elbowing his father in the ribs.
“No,” He draws out the word like a child would. “Stay.” A half asleep Tony sighs happily when Steve settles back down.
“I can squeeze in a quick breakfast in the morning if you want.” Tony says pressing kisses up and down his neck.
“I love you,” Tony sobs.
“Hey,” Steve says nudging Tony with a gentle shoulder. “Let me see that gorgeous face.” Steve smiles, pressing lips to his forehead.
“So, that wasn't a reaction I was expecting, but for the record, I kind of want to do terrible things to you now.”
“I want to say yes. But it’s really important to me that we ask Peter how he feels about it.” Steve says, rolling so he’s looming over Tony’s frame. Their lips connect in a chaste kiss. “It’s his home, afterall.” He adds after a moment, settling on his side, head propped up on a closed fist, the other hand thumbing over Tony’s cheek.
Tony hums, a noise that says nothing more than I’m conscious, or maybe even just I’m here.
It’s damn confusing, but it’s all he’s got.
“Hey there handsome,” Tony says in cool surprise when he sees Steve laying on the bed. “Ah-I’m not wearing any clothes.” He says stupidly. Steve snorts, drops his phone beside him.
“Fuck.” Tony moans. Steve grins and kisses down his neck. Tony pushes him off and ogles his body for a moment. Tony thinks that there might be a day where he can see Steve, all chiseled abs and perfect muscles, dripping wet and naked and not drop to his knees to suck him off. Today? Well, today is not that day.
. Steve considers that for a second. “Yeah, sure,” he says, tugging on his coat. “Just us?”
“So, what made you decide that you’re ready to move in?” He asks quietly, as if the question would pop the bubble they’re in. Tony just shrugs.
“I need you.” Steve rasps, already undoing Tony’s jeans, pleased and a bit surprised to find that Tony is half hard already. Quirking an eyebrow and ghosting a finger over the outline of his dick, Steve murmurs, “Please?”
Allen is looking at him like he's both clever and insane.
“Private hearing?” Rhodey frowns but instead of waiting for his colleague to explain, he reads the pages.
"How's little Natasha?" Tony hears Natasha ask Laura.
Tony wrinkles his nose. "I hate sports references. And besides, Steve would be the coach, if that's the case," he says but Rhodey's already making his way to the exit.
"58th Pararescue. But now I'm working down at the VA," he answers and Steve nods. "Sam Wilson," he adds, introducing himself as he offers his hand for Steve to help him to his feet.
"Get me out of here, c'mon," he tries again.
"I'm not sure— I just. You know, beware," he answers, not answering at all.
Steve gives him a serious glance. "So you're saying we're equals right now? You think I'd buy that?" he says and Tony makes a face.
"Why not?"
"Natasha may have mentioned something, too," Steve explains.
After a few sips, they’re sitting on one of the couches in the back, flight attendants attempting to do a pole dance, as Rhodey’s explaining to Tony why is important to him to be part of a system and failing at making Tony see he could be so much more than what he already is.
"Rhodey?" Rhodey hears Tony call him, but Rhodey's now looking to his left.
Then Steve notices the Air National Guard logo on the guy's sweatshirt.
Howard Stark sits in all of his greatness, messy gray hair and hands covered in ink as he signs paper after paper. “Uhm, hello,” Tony says by the door.
But then Tony takes a step closer to him and Steve's starting to feel towered and in his mind, he's going back to ages ago, when his body was different and no one would even think of touching him.
"Mm, Steve?" Tony asks, suddenly and Steve feels like he's done something bad. But Tony grabs his right hand, just lying there hanging onto the mattress for dear life, and puts it on top of his head instead. "I can take it, don't worry."
Rhodey turns back to him and nods. "The fall of SHIELD. Pretty terrible stuff," Rhodey says, briefly summarizing what he just barely had time to digest minutes ago.
“I think I would just cut the wire,” Tony says, because he’s smart and the Captain
“What he's got is an Acme dynamite kit. It's gonna blow up in his face, and I'm gonna be there when it does,” Tony says.
"I—  I didn't know. I'm sorry," Tony says, averting his eyes from Clint and letting himself sink on the couch, too.
How did this even happen?
But there’s a bigger part of him that cries just at the thought of him standing across him. Ashamed and disappointed at what he’s become.
did it, but yeah—you know…” he trails and then does a thing with his eyebrows as he points to Steve chatting with Thor far in the room.
“Fuck. We’re all stressed out here, aren’t we? And to think we actually won today,” Tony tries to joke, rubbing Steve’s neck. “Well, except for Barton, maybe,” Tony adds, looking over his shoulder to the doctors still working on their teammate.
Allen blinks, surprised. “What do you mean ‘good job’? Why aren’t you suiting up to go catch his ass before he takes a bus and he’s in a whole different country by the time you get there?”
“That much confidence you got, huh?” Rhodey says, sarcastically. He rearranges the uniforms he took out and closes his bag.
I feel a little bad I keep exploring SteveTony here while BuckyRhodey gets a little butchered by the fact that canon hasn't had Bucky show up in the movies again. So, I kinda had to skip a bit from this fic and write something for them on the side:
"Seems like you walked away all right," Tony says, almost like he's complaining.
“Second Lieutenant James Rhodes,” he replies back, shaking tightly.
"So, robots is the answer?" Steve says and Tony's really just so tired.
“This one’s really bugging you, isn’t it?” Tony says and Rhodey really thought he wouldn’t be alone in this one.
So, ugh. We got here. Bucky's fully here and we're on good track (though I'm still looking for proper, actual-human beta readers and not just my funky little Grammarly app).
“Glad to see you in one piece,” Pepper says and Tony opens his hands like he’s doing a magic trick.
Tony lets out a breath. "Oh, good. Great, that's awesome," he says, resting his forehead against Steve's chest. "It's good to have someone who understands the hero gig, you know? Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do," Tony adds.
Clint actually smiles at him with his mouth full. "I mean sexually," he says and Tony's mouth zips in an undignified way.
The only thing that could be heard in the room was their shaky breaths and the sound of skin against skin that made him almost blush like a prude.
He thinks about a soulmate that doesn’t exist.
“Is it better to be feared or respected?” he begins, all rehearsed. “And I say, is it too much to ask for both?” he adds smugly, a few officers behind Rhodey let out a light chuckle.
Steve frowns. "HYDRA?"
Tony tilts his head. "Yeah, I mean, we could add Extremis to the list—"
The man's lips curve upwards. He can't remember the last time anyone's made him notice their every moves with such careful attention.
Steve clears his throat when he catches Natasha just standing, staring at the black wall of the room next to one of the hangars in the compound. “You want to keep staring at the wall, or do you want to go to work? I mean, it's a pretty interesting wall…”
Steve felt a weird sense of happiness and satisfaction. “We won,” Steve breathes and Tony’s eyes land back on him.
Talk about points Rhodey’s tried to ignore for a long time.
“You flew into space!” Pepper yells, her nose red with hot anger. “I had my heart up my throat, Tony. I thought I'd never see you again!” she adds, pushing him on his chest.
"Oh, c'mon. Like you're not
“Come on, honey bear,” Tony mutters and really, keep the damn code.
Maybe this is what death feels like. Real death, not the ones he's experienced before.
A name on a wrist; it’s important – everyone has it. But he doesn’t; never got one, he thinks. He knows. No, he can’t remember. Everyone has it. Why doesn’t he have it?
That’s all the plan he’d set up for himself ever since he was a little kid.
"I'm being sent to the Middle East in case some people start blaming each other instead of you," Rhodey adds, noticing Tony behind Natasha.
“It’s way more than that,” Tony butts in, and then winks at Steve silly. They exchange a smile and then Tony turns back to Clint. “Anyway, I’m this close to hacking your hearing device and disabling it, bird brain,” he says.
“I’m sure you can do it again. He’ll probably move back to Italy, the food’s too good,” Rhodey says, being funny.
"Colonel," Yu calls for him.
"Neither do we," Tony mutters before he kills the line. He stands up and goes to Clint. "Hey, you wanna switch out?" he offers.
"But— he's not dead! You're not dead," Allen speaks, turning from him to Fury. "I just gotta say, sir. It's an honor. I always knew you couldn't just die like that," he goes, taking Fury's hand to shake.
Steve nods and smiles, too.
Rhodey wakes up at 0600, just one hour before he has to go downstairs for welcoming and presentation and the start of the next eight weeks as he gets ready to become what he always said he would: an Air Force pilot.
Steve swallows and keeps his own smile, too. "I had been meaning to call you. And when I was about to, Miss Potts contacted me. Thought it was fate," Steve explains.
"Wakanada. Wa— Wakanda," Bruce replies.
"Hey," Natasha replies back.
"This is an agent of some kind," Tony tells Thor. That's the evident explanation.
If Tony had lost Steve, he would've known for sure. He would've felt something.
Tony just scoffs. "Yeah, that's a lie. He very much meant to," Tony tells Rhodey, who just raises his eyebrows at him and nods with his eyes closed. "Tell you what, here," Tony says, giving Harley his access card.
Tony just lets out a breath. Fine.
"I'll see you there," he hears Pepper tell Maya before she follows after him.
"Yeah, I don't know, it's a tricky thing," Rhodey says, stuffing his hands back in his pocket as they got warm enough. "I think I'm gonna stick with Doctor Cho's theory, though," he adds.
“I'll tell you what, next building is gonna say 'Potts' on the tower,” Tony offers.
"Who's the hot mess now?" Pepper asks, her voice shaky.
“So this Dr. Banner was trying to replicate the serum that was used on me?” Steve asks, looking at the videos of a giant green man S.H.I.E.L.D. gave him.
They both laugh and it’s been forever since he’s been in this place with Pepper laughing and instead of being mad at him for getting there hours late to a meeting because he fell on some skirt or dick he shouldn’t have.
Tony looks down to his side and realizes the spot he’s on, if the blood stain is any indication of it.
Steve falls on the mattress with his arms open and lets himself daydream Tony could even want a little more.
“President Ellis isn’t so bad. I thought you even voted for him.”
“Getting wasted. There’s no way in hell I’m talking about you running off to some war zone country in the name of America without alcohol in my system. Jarvis,” Tony speaks and the butler raises his chin as he gets called. “Go get us some drinks, will ya’?”
Rhodey shakes his head. “Fine with me,” he mutters.
“Damn betcha,” Tony mutters, not turning back.
“Are you kidding? Shawarma Palace? That place is
They both turn to it like it’s a lifesaver.
“Push the button next to you,” Tony says, behind him, and Steve turns to the right to find a button attached to the wall.
"I said, let him go," Maya repeats, louder this time, pointing at her neck with a tiny needle on a small device. Tony figures that's one of the Extremis serums.
“You, too, Cap,” Tony replies, blinking slowly.
“Captain?” the woman calls him, a minute gone by. “Will you come, then?”
Rhodey hesitates now but he still goes: “Allen suggested cloning. LMDs.”
Hiding behind the trees, and at a long-range, the shot is too easy, so much it almost makes him asleep. The front tires are done in a second and the car spins just right off the cliff, rolling down the hill and just stopping by a big tree, two hundred sixty-three feet down.
“Biology isn’t my field,” Tony adds, drawing the corner of his mouth up.
,” the man replies and that’s it.
"It means he's losing, Jim," Allen replies, almost sternly.
Tony barely spares him with a look, only heaves a sigh, more tired than anything else.
"Jesus, Tony," Steve lets out, hoarse, absolutely ruined, his fingers all deep lost in thick, brown locks.
Where does Tony get his employees, seriously?
“Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist,” Tony replies, only a heartbeat later.
what I did. I merely pointed out you have a really poor choice of places to travel,” Tony tells his father, shrugging.
He raises his head again but the man’s already gone.
Tony nods. “If you had to guess, what's it look like it's doing?” he asks but Bruce barely lets him finish.
He gets in the T-1 Jayhawk ignoring the sheer happiness on his gut that’s making him want to throw up right there on the track. He follows all his guidelines with razor-sharp memory, like he’s getting into his old man’s Chevy truck and the next moment is it.
Natasha gives in and smiles, turns away from him and watches the road. "Alright, fine. Maybe I'm trying to ask you about him without actually having to ask you," she explains.
He had a point.
turns back. Their eyes meet for half a tiny, fleeting second but it burns Tony’s core just fine.
They're changing the world.
“Nine,” Tony repeats, quietly.
James was him before all of this. Some time he can't trace back. Some time they took from his mind to make room for all the other things he knows. The useful things.
“Tony,” he hears, vaguely but he can’t see. “Tony, Tony,” someone calls but Tony can’t answer.
“Likewise,” Hogan adds, all serious.
“Right. Technology that can control people’s minds,” Steve says.
Tony looks down at his plate, his lips curving down. He knows something’s been up, even Rhodey can sense it.
"How do you feel about giant stuffed animals?" Tony asks, clasping his hands together behind himself.
"Oh, fuck, is much better than in pictures," Tony mutters, looking at Steve's bare chest, and Steve just laughs, his lungs filling with warm, easy air.
"Stark? I'm talking about the Mandarin," Rhodey says, with a shake of his head. "Trust me, Tony's alive out there, somewhere, and he's— playing cowboy. He's not thinking clearly. He's a sitting duck," he adds before walking out of the room, ready to get into his suit.
“Shut up, Scotty, the hell?” Davis says, hitting Andrews on his ribs. “Look, we’re just wondering ‘cause we can’t have people like that near, you see? We gotta look out for each other,” he adds, giving Rhodey a little bump on the shoulder.
Kate raises his eyebrows. "Well, with Tony Stark I doubt it'd be anything but complicated," she says before waving him goodbye and going back to her apartment, leaving Steve with his mouth half-open.
“That’s right. Smile,” the man says, once he notices Tony spotted the camera. “We met once, you know? At a technical conference in Bern,” he adds.
“What did you want, Hap?” Tony asks sharply, his eyes almost shooting darts.
“Hey, Tony,” he says.
"He's gonna haunt me forever," Tony says, making a horrified face.
“Even from an early age, the son of legendary weapons developer Howard Stark quickly stole the spotlight with his brilliant and unique mind. At age four, he built his first circuit board. At age six, his first engine. And at 21, he graduated Summa Cum Laude from MIT,” the montage continues, showing pictures of the times when he met Tony. “Then, the passing of a titan. Howard Stark's lifelong friend and ally Obadiah Stane step in to help fill the gap left by the legendary founder. Until almost a year after his father’s demise, the prodigal son returns and is anointed the new CEO of Stark Industries. With the keys to the kingdom, Tony ushers in a new era for his father's legacy, creating smarter weapons, advanced robotics, satellite targeting. Today, Tony Stark has changed the face of the weapons industry, by ensuring freedom and protecting America and her interests around the globe”, it ends.
“He wants me to go over there?” he asks, a little in disbelief.
?” he asks.
"Colonel Rhodes, I'm so glad to hear you're back. Can you come to my office for debriefing?" General Yu asks.
And it was fine, he knew Nat, he knew Wilson from back in the day and he knew Steve.
Rhodey turns on his heels to walk out, giving a slight nod to Ross as he goes but as soon as he walks through the door he hears:
But one of the suits sends him flying to a bookshelf and then shoots Rhodey out of sight.
Tony's easy, friendly grin vanishes. Instead he's left in a numb-mind surprise and Steve wants to take it back and run in shame.
"He can read vocal stress patterns, adrenaline spikes," Bruce shares,  looking at the screen.
There's really no way of getting through that thick skull, is there?
Tony walks through the main room and stops just at the third door, the one at the back, near the dining table. He moves his hand up for Steve to come in.
Rhodey knocks on the suit's head. “Come on, man. This isn't a good look, open up,” he says, worried.
Steve moves away and turns to look at Clint, too. “Oh, right. How is he?” he asks.
“Triple Yahtzee?”
“Then listen to me,” Rhodes says, almost pleading. “Trust me, I got this covered.” He puts a hand on Tony’s shoulder.
Tony moves his face inches away from his and rubs the tip of his nose against Steve’s, his breathing right on Steve’s parted lips. Then he moves around and rubs his nose on the bridge of Steve’s nose, the corners of his mouth, one side to the other.
But then she sighs and rubs her temple. “Well, is everything handled? Are they coming back?” Pepper asks, her voice going about to notches down.
As he flies above the noisy and convoluted New York there's only a thought in his head: "Now, where are you, Barnes?"
Now James wants to scream in pain but he doesn’t let him. The cold breeze has already numbed down the lower half of his body. He closes his eyes and drowns in the darkness,
were damn high.
Rhodey takes another look and nods. “This is good,” he says, calmly. “Good job,” he adds, smiling at Allen as he moves away from his desk to grab his jacket.
But then he draws a breath, out of instinct, takes all Steve's scent in and it's like he's breathing real air for the first time in his entire life.
Harley smiles at Tony and nods happily, before running back to the celebration room, where everyone is gathered.
Both Rhodey and Tony frown at that. "That seems odd—" Tony says.
“Not gonna be that subtle,” Pepper tells him, wrinkling her nose a little.
Rhodey looks at the footage as the voice talks and starts rubbing his wrist out of impulse.
"Jarvis," Tony calls for his AI.
“Thor's right, Ultron is calling us out," Steve talks then. "And I'd like to find him before he's ready for us. The world's a big place. Let's start making it smaller,” he orders.
But there was something he was before all this, something equally important. He can feel it. So, he pleads again: "But I knew him," he says with an ache in his chest and his shoulder.
Rhodey lets out a breath as he puts on the suit's jacket.
He watches the news on a TV in a store from outside and learns what he had much gathered after his escape, it’s in color now, women are far more prominent –that’s a good thing, and, just like Nick had said, the world still needs help. War and violence are still alive and walking around.
“I promise you’ll be seeing me again before you can even miss me,” Tony adds, then bumps Steve’s shoulder in a friendly manner.
Tony takes a deep breath. “I’ll be right there,” he says before he kills the line.
The Captain’s still standing outside the door, his eyebrows up just a little, surprised at the sudden light reaction, before his mind catches up on the idea. When he does, Tony can almost see his urge to hide his face behind his hands.
"With Black Widow's help," Ross comments but there's poison in his tone.
"He's probably still here in D.C. His last hearing didn't go his way," Allen says, a regretful look on his face.
Tony visibly bites the inside of his cheek before he gives in. “Fine. I’ll leave this in your capable hands and the mediocre US government you so fondly stand up for.” He sounds annoyed but Rhodes smiles.
He stayed in the guest room for a couple of more days, watched as Tony answered more questions for the authorities and met a woman called Peggy, who Tony said was his aunt “in heart”.
Tony just rolls his eyes. “Whatever,” Tony says, but he looks amused.
He finds Thor with the rest of the veteran group a little after that and he's explaining some special kind of booze.
“I was sick and poor and an orphan. And I didn’t really feel like I fit in anywhere. Hell, if it wasn’t for Bucky I don’t know what I would’ve done with myself,” he continues, huffing a laugh.
“We're not drinking. We're working right now,” Rhodey says, frowning.
"What happened?" Maya finally says, rhetorically. "Fun fact. Before he built rockets for the Nazis, the idealistic Wernher von Braun dreamed of space travel. He stargazed," she says, letting out a soft chuckle. "Do you know what he said when the first V-2 hit London? ‘The rocket performed perfectly— it just landed on the wrong planet.'" Maya's eyes are glassy, like she's going to cry.
“Did you?” Steve wonders. It had been easy for Steve to ignore that maybe Tony knew more about him than Steve thought. “I mean, yeah, no—of course you did,” Steve tries again. “The debrief package…” he trails.
Steve watches them go and looks again at the computer screen. ‘Agent Barton’, the screen provides, and Steve can also remember him from the debrief package.
Thor chuckles at them from the other side of the table. "I'm gonna miss you, people," he says, before grabbing a bite of his sweet and sour chicken and eating with a smile.
Steve raises his eyebrows. "Have they moved on that?" he inquires and Tony dwells on all the details he's got of the current public enemy of the United States.
"You'd do good to lay low for a while, before you make someone run out of patience," Fury had muttered to him and Natasha as they stare at all of the people they just kept out of danger.
“Pitiful,” Happy says.
“What's the matter? Scared of a little lightning?” the Captain asks him, in a sarcastic tone.
He can't. He has no life.
That makes him look at his wrist and notice there's no name on it.
“Pep, don’t worry. I’ve been doing this since before I could grow a proper beard, remember?” Tony jokes, before he gives her a soft kiss on her knuckles.
“Oh, now, that is an appropriate question,” he jokes at Happy. “The ground floor. I've got a proposal I'm putting together with myself,” he says, getting some presentation cards out of his pocket. “It's a privately funded think tank called, Advanced Idea Mechanics,” he adds, handing them the cards.
"Not everything in my life goes through you first," Rhodey replies before clicking the doors open.
Rhodey catches Tony make it into his suit and kneel down on the pavement. Rhodey takes a breath as he bends down.
The way any blood-thirsty man would look a weapon such as him.
Natasha gives him a look that packs a lot of things, Steve can't even grasp just how many. But this time, Natasha does talk, so he doesn't have to guess. "When I first joined S.H.I.E.L.D. I thought I was going straight," she says, smiling a little broken. "But I guess I just traded in the KGB for HYDRA," she adds.
Then the man is there again, screaming a "Bucky, no!" and he feels his heart crawl up his throat before he faints, falling like a 165 pounds leaf in the cold air.
"To your fellow airmen," Ross continues, turning back to Rhodey. "But you're special, Rhodes. You're not like the rest of them," Ross says, almost purring. He turns to Yu and goes, as if Rhodey's not even there: "The Soviets had their special weapon. Well," he puts his hand on Rhodey's shoulder and smiles at him. "So do we."
He’s glad Sam’s here. Sam is simple, he’s easy territory. He’s someone trustworthy and transparent and untouched by all this shit.
"So, is anybody gonna say a few words?" Rhodey asks, raising his glass.
Tony just moves his head to one side and takes another drink. "Just, gathering my ideas. You know, keep on improving. And keeping an eye on this Mandarin guy Rhodey just refuses to let me help him with," Tony shares.
Tony takes a deep breath in her embrace and shakes his head, no answer to give.
“Look, she was just talking about glitches happening,” Tony says, still lying down. Suddenly, there’s noise outside, and Tony remembers what’s tonight. “Hey! Happy New Year,” he tells them. “Alright, I'll see you in the mornin',” he tells Happy, who moves to shake his hand.
Steve gives her a look. That’s far out of reach.
“I wouldn’t count on it, I mean, you’re fifty percent of my impulse control,” Tony says.
“Don’t do that, Tony. Don’t call him like that—”
He’s suffocating; he’s powerless.
JARVIS does as told and goes: "The wall to your left. I'm reading steel reinforcement— and an air current."
a personal flying suit that’s even faster.
“It's different,” Bruce cuts, trying to ignore him to focus on his screen.
Tony lets out another chuckle. “No, that ship’s sailed. Natasha turned me down, said she and Robin Hood aren’t interested in living with me,” he says, eyes narrowing at the last part, like he’s almost offended. “Then Bruce went back to Virginia with his soulmate and honestly, can’t hold it against him. And I don’t even know how to contact Thor,” he explains.
Steve would've been annoyed if it wasn't for the fact that he was pretty much neck-deep in love with him.
Of all the dumb things Tony could've done, this really took the cake.
Steve eyes him and grabs his hands, making Tony’s head bolt back to him. “Tony, promise me you won’t mess around with the magical alien stick,” he says, his voice serene.
As the doors of the elevator swing slide open, Steve finds his place spotless, just as he left it. “Uhh, right, why would he be here,” Steve mutters to himself, then clears his throat. “Mister Jarvis, where’s Tony?” he asks.
"I'm sorry about your friend," the vice president says next to him.
Steve can’t hold it against him; he doesn’t know what to do either.
Ask him about Barnes and get to know the real him.
,” Rhodey retorts, and Tony is the one to roll his eyes this time.
Rhodey pushes him by the shoulder, where the mark of his name is. “In your dreams, Richie Rich,” he tells him.
Doctor Banner presses his lips in a thin line before saying: “Thanks.”
“I suspect not for long,” JARVIS says.
"No, no. It's just— we haven't actually set the whole 'boyfriend' record straight. And if you must know—" Tony says but then stops mid-way on their little stroll. "We haven't—" he trails, moving his hand. "You know."
Natasha closes her eyes slowly before she goes, reassuringly: “If you hadn't been there, there would've been double the casualties, and my soulmate would've been a treasured memory.”
“Tony,” Rhodey says, his palm on his chest. “If you chop your arm off, it’s gonna appear in the other and if you chop that one too, it’s gonna appear on your forehead, you dumbass,” he scolds, hitting Tony just slightly on his forehead.
Rhodey takes with a single courtesy nod. "I'm actually supposed to go further," he says.
“Where he always is,” she says, rolling her eyes amused.
"That's what he keeps saying. But hey, I've been sleeping well, haven't I?"
So he calls for a gauntlet of the suit and he grabs it.
“Pleasure to meet you, Captain,” JARVIS says and Steve stiffens at the noise.
It’s like his memory has been erased clean and all his first times taking his senses is here, right now.
Tony cracks a laugh. “I had the alcohol level of that vodka upped to a ten for you. After what you told me the serum did,” Tony explains. “A single drop of that glass would do some serious permanent harm to your liver, you know, if you were a regular human being,” he adds.
Turns out, Tony didn't have the greatest childhood: went into boarding school when he was a teenager then got into college then lost both his parents— all things very fast, very young.
"I'm sorry I sorta ditched you," Tony says but Steve dismisses him.
He rolls over on the floor, pushing up on one arm, and notices Maya's unconscious body lying among the rubbish. He hears a warning rumble of shifting concrete, but even before he can throw his arms over his head, Pepper is there, shielding him from the collapsing roof.
Pepper follows her, sits at the end of the mattress and looks attentively at Maya, who is clearly occupied by what's on her mind.
"Sir, the city is taking fire," JARVIS informs right after.
“Let me handle it,” he tells her.
“I don’t blow on a man's dice,” Rhodey says. Not on the uniform, he doesn’t.
"Boo!" Rhodey says.
Tony walks over to the bar and pours water into a glass. Rhodey fights the urge to make an impressed face at that. “So what brings you by?" he asks, taking a sip. "Let me guess, our baby needs an update,” Tony wonders.
Pepper looks down and then her eyebrows pop. "Tony, Maya…" she asks.
It’s been two months since Rhodey left Steve’s new Avengers team's so-called training after being called up by his superiors to help with a few missions in Egypt and Libya. He didn’t need training like the sentient robot or that new kid did, only some basic team-building.
Steve smiles at that but it looks bitter and his eyes aren’t really looking at Tony when he says: “I didn’t have much to lose.”
"Holy shit! This is it," Allen breathes. "He's gained his senses, now he's come to kill us," he adds.
Natasha just shrugs. "In case you don't wanna talk about it, or you'd sent me to hell or whatever," she replies, like it's obvious.
He squints his eyes and stares at Steve's chest. "Wow. That's weird," Tony mutters. He can even feel his skin go warmer, his muscles less strained.
“Ok, yes, that’s Captain America's real name but what’s the big deal? It’s not like it’s the actual guy, Tony. The dude’s been dead for ages,” Rhodey says and then Tony remembers, his head falling down.
"He goes by the name—"
“Pepper and Rhodey,” Tony clarifies. “Pepper hasn’t met her soulmate and Rhodey has this thing where he has his mark appears and disappears from time to time.”
Then there are light feet running from his left and Clint lets go of the woman. "Oh, incoming," he mutters as he looks to Natasha and then goes to the threshold.
Making its way towards them, an Iron Legion suit stands. Tony frowns. "No. How could you be worthy? You're all killers," the suit speaks.
Howard’s son.
He throws himself into the bathtub, with his clothes on, and lets the shower wash all over him just to get his chest to ease the fuck up.
He saves him and looks around, in the bright sunlight and breathes in the smell of river water and smoke, tastes the blood on his tongue.
the moment,” Tony says before landing on the balcony of the tower and starting to have his armor removed.
"We got our asses handed to us," Clint explains. "It was the witch. She messed with their heads," he adds
I will try to get done as much as I can before Endgame comes around and kills us all. Remember a comment encourages me to write faster ;)
He sits in front of his old desk and spins around in his old chair to turn to the big window wall. Pepper has the place all tidy and bright and vanilla-scented.
Steve had uttered a yes without even blinking.
When they arrive at Maya's hotel room, Pepper calls room service to order some dinner for both of them before she tries to sit down and figure out what to do next or where they can go.
Harley shakes his head, looking at the reactor. "Nope. I came with my mom after we got a call from— Mister, mmm, Rhodey. War Machine," Harley explains, with a big smile on his face.
“Is he saying anything?” Fury asks a few minutes later, as soon as they hit the air.
“Well, if he could do that, he could achieve heavy ion fusion at any reactor on the planet,” Doctor Banner replies.
"So, uh— I'm gonna go," Tony says, and points to the lab. "...keep looking for Ultron," he adds, walking past him.
“You obviously have to go,” Tony sighs, turning to face his husband. “It’s, what, a year?”
"Soon," Steve repeats, and gives Steve one last kiss before he turns and drags his suitcase towards security.
He had just shut his eyes when the phone rings.
He stops at a Trader Joe’s on his way home and picks up coffee ice cream and popsicles in hopes that this will work as a peace offering. In the back of his mind, he knew this would happen. He knew that with recurring tonsillitis, the doctors would want to move forward with a surgery. That’s what happened with him. But there’s no way in hell he would’ve managed to get Tony to agree to a doctor’s visit. Not if he’d known surgery was on the table.
“Sorry. I just...y’know, I was working myself up in the shower.”  He blushes and Steve melts a little more. Steve presses a reassuring kiss to Tony’s mouth before pulling back for just a moment. He’s mildly embarrassed at how endearing this whole thing is. How
“We’re sort of in a bar with about a hundred people and not enough time for that, and I'm not really sure where your head's at. Are you going to be alright? You need me to do anything? Leave you alone maybe?”
Steve down to the root, his nose nestling against wiry, golden hair. He breathes through his nose and tries to minimize the urge to gag, and he draws a hand up from his lap to massage his balls.
“Okay, kiddo. Let’s go brush those teeth and get in bed, yeah?” Steve suggests, nudging him before he can really fall asleep. Peter nods, sliding off the couch and trudges up the stairs. Steve follows him and Tony looks down at the sleeping girl in his arms. She looks just like Steve’s mother, a fact he is distinctly happy about. Peter is all Tony; unruly dark curls, mischievous brown eyes, a knack for science even at a young age. The boy likes to get into everything, whether he should or not, is always moving and loves to cuddle (a trait he definitely got from Tony that Tony will deny until he dies.) Grace, though, has her father’s golden hair, starting to curl ever so slightly, beautiful bright blue eyes that make Steve’s look dull in comparison and the most perfect peaches and cream complexion. She’s an easy baby--much easier than Peter was-- and at just nine weeks old, she is sleeping through the night. Even better, though, is the fact that she is Sarah Rogers’ mini-me. If Tony didn’t love his mother-in-law so much, he would accuse Steve of doing it on purpose.
“The shower this morning, I think. We were getting dressed and I realized that you have a drawer here and a shelf in the closet and a toothbrush in the bathroom and it felt right.” Steve hides his face in Tony’s hair because he isn’t crying (fall allergies are just fucking bad right now, okay?) and wants to be closer to this boy.
“You’re moving,” Steve says, a quiet statement.
A reminder of what he cannot have:
“Hey, heat up the sake, will you?” Tony asks the flight attendants, completely changing the subject.
"Genie's out of that bottle. Clear and present is Ultron," Natasha says.
“It tested well with focus groups, all right?” Rhodey defends.
“Is that...” Steve trails off, his hand reaching out and then hanging loosely in the air.
Somewhere in the back of his fogged-up mind, Steve realizes the TV is still on, because he hears a distant Cowabunga! and can't help but erupt into giggles, momentarily distracted from the subtle torture Tony is inflicting. Of course Tony chooses that moment to take him into his mouth, of course. Steve's laughter breaks off into a groan, and his hands clench in the blanket beneath him.
“Who thought something so cute could be so cranky?” Tony wonders as he bounces baby Morgan in his arms. “C’mon, Morgan. I know, I miss Papa, too. He’ll be home soon.” She settles a bit once he really starts to bounce her and he sighs in relief once her big brown eyes close. He’s just returning from putting her to bed when Steve walks in, brows furrowed talking on the phone.
That makes a hundred things spark in Steve’s head, most of them rather mean. Bucky’s expression falls, and Steve realizes he’s scowling.
much less six in a row. Not that he's complaining: even if it wasn't a perfect, nostalgic way to spend the first snow day of the semester, he has Tony's head in his lap, Tony's hand curled around his knee drawing absent-minded patterns, and Tony's hair soft under his hand as he combs his fingers through it. Outside, the snow is falling fast and thick, showing no sign of stopping. On the coffee table they have hot chocolate with marshmallows, and Tony keeps reaching over to snag a soaking marshmallow from the surface of his drink, eating them one by one.
“Stark, take good care of our boy,” Carol smirks, clapping him on the shoulder. “It’s getting late, so we’re gonna go.” She announces, winking at Steve as she helps Rhodey up.
“Like Mom would ever give away her most prized possession.” Tony says as he stirs the sauce. “Now get off me, you lug. I have to finish making dinner.”
“I hate you. I
“I thought you’d just accept it,” Tony grins sheepishly. “I forgot, actually. That I’d left so much stuff over there.”
“You want us to be, like, a family?” Peter asks. Steve’s heart swells and for the first time since he’s known Peter--close to five years, now-- he looks like a child.
“Keep your eyes open for me,” Steve breathes, his blue eyes focused and perfectly trained on Tony’s face. “I wanna see you.” His voice was laced with authority, and it made Tony’s eyes fly open; he was sure that that was the hottest thing that Steve has ever said to him. Steve smirks at Tony, hitting his prostate again, more forcefully this time.
“You’re giving me that look.” Tony peers at Steve over his phone with a scowl. There’s no heat in the expression, and Steve smiles.
“Surgery?” Steve’s stomach tightens. “Same day?”
“Whatever’s going on in that brain of yours,” Bucky finally says, and his voice is a little softer now. “You’ve been quiet, and I haven’t heard from you or Tony in like a week.”
Oh yes, he can definitely play this game.
Tony flips over again, this time to face Steve, and his fingers slip under the hem of Steve's t-shirt, pushing it up a little and kissing at the skin he uncovers.
“You’re warm, cuddle me.” Tony insists. Steve chuffs and pulls him tighter.
"Go on, baby," he says, his voice hoarse and raspy. "Show me how you fuck yourself. Put on a show for me."
Steve hoists himself up and out of bed, taking the elevator down to his floor. He’d been able to put up with the coughing the past two nights. But they have work tomorrow and at this rate, factoring in his morning jog, he’s going to be running on just a little over five hours of sleep.
“Okay. Of course. I love you, Steve.” Tony’s heart is in his throat again. He won’t cry. He won’t.
twice before flipping the notebook back around.
“Hi,” Tony can hear the smile in his voice. It’s awkward, for a moment, like neither of them know what to say. “Gosh, Tony. It’s so good to hear your voice.” Tony chuckles around the lump forming in his throat.
Coincidentally, this was one of Tony’s favorite things about Steve. Tony, as enraptured as he was in most situations, would watch his boyfriend observe his surroundings. Usually a book or sketchbook would be in hand and his gaze would shift every so often from over the book. Steve was more of a speak-when-spoken-to type of guy. Tony knew it was because he was still trying to pick up on modern social cues; though he was private, Steve told Tony everything, including his fear of saying something brash or inappropriate.
When Tony was feeling up to it—no panic about living with someone—they usually stayed at his apartment: a cozy one bedroom apartment in the center of the city. But when Bucky wasn’t around to comment on their every move, they took advantage of the bigger space at Steve’s apartment. It isn’t like they haven’t discussed it, moving in. Because they have, a lot, but Tony usually ends up panicking about hypotheticals and Steve has to talk him off the ledge. The idea is actually quite appealing to him; waking up next to Steve everyday and being with him more than he is on a daily basis. It’s just… he doesn’t trust himself to keep up the good dynamic in the relationship. What if they break up? Or what if Steve decides that it’s too much and he needs to leave immediately? Or what if—
Talking to his friends is a lot easier than anticipated. There's a fizzing energy under his skin, a constant distraction, but his attention back to what he's supposed to be doing.
“Greedy,” Tony repeats, gasping and he’s no longer looking at Steve; his face pressed to the bed but his ass still thrust high in the air, body perfectly still. Steve presses down a little more firmly, and his teeth are buried in his lower lip as he watches. He moans as feels Tony open up to him, as he lets him press inside, the pressure tight and incredible with his finger trapped between the toy and his rim.
“I’m fine, don’t worry about me.”
Steve glares at him. “You literally fell asleep on me after a handjob two nights ago.”
Tony kisses him, soft and lingering, and Steve hears his own breath trembling when Tony pulls away. “Steve,” he says gently, “do you want to go home on your own? Because you can, you always can, but you don't have to. You sound like you're trying to spare me something, but I was really looking forward to later. So… do you hate the idea now?”
"I've been waiting to hear you say that for so long," He kisses him again, deeper this time. "I am very much in love with you." He says reverently. Steve has said it before; the first time he said it, Tony worked himself up so much he panicked and Steve had to talk him down, telling him that he's okay and he doesn't need to say it back until he's ready. Tony turns slightly into the embrace and he kisses Steve for real this time, soft lips and feather light touches.
“I don’t know how.” Steve believes that much, yeah. He sighs.
"Look at you," He says. "I love how responsive you are. So pretty for me." He gasps and nods as Steve moves both hands to his chest, pinching and playing with his reddening nipples. Tony tips his head up, parting his lips expectantly, and is rewarded with a rough kiss, teeth sinking into his lower lip and tongue pushing into his mouth. Steve does not let Tony lead—not that he wants to; he steers the ship, so to speak, sets the pace as he moves his hands down his abdomen, fingers sinking slightly into flesh, on a mission.
—stopping dead in place and waits for more instruction. Steve chews his bottom lip before he adds, “Fuck—ah, get on all fours.”
“We just have to pick Peter up from Ned’s and then we’re going to make the best damn pancakes you’ve ever eaten.” Tony says pulling away from the curb. Steve listens as Tony hums along to the music on the radio, feeling his heart swell and his stomach fill with butterflies. Tony reaches blindly across the center console and takes Steve’s hand in his. Steve squeezes and rubs his thumb over Tony’s hand three times; their silent sign for I love you.
“Hey!” Tony yells. Steve turns around, looking confused. “You’re missing date night.” Steve laughs and stalks back to Tony to engulf him in a hug.
“Hi, sweetheart.” He sits up immediately. He shifts Morgan so her cheek is smushed into his shoulder, gently getting off the bed.
Tony considers this and then, with a mischievous grin, writes,
“Good boy.” Tony huffs picking up the pace. Steve chokes out a whine and is coming unexpectedly across Tony’s fist and his stomach.
There's a hazy weightlessness spreading through Steve’s body, but even so he feels like an idiot. He shouldn't need to be told that. He mutters “Sorry,” and wraps his arms around himself. Tony pulls him a little away from the wall and there's an uncomfortable moment where he's not sure which way to move, but then Tony has one arm wrapped snug around his waist and the other hand is cradling the back of his head so Steve can just cling. Tony's voice rumbles low in his chest.
, and Tony can’t really be mad about it.)
“Learned it from you,” He points out. Tony can’t argue with that, so he just shakes his head with a fond smile. “Oh! Steve! I did that move you told me about. Y’know, the defensive thing with the hands?” Tony’s eyebrows shoot up to his hairline as he looks to his boyfriend.
And it just goes on and on and on.
Steve loves him. He keeps reminding himself; he loves Tony.
“Oh my God,” Steve says flatly as Tony starts to move. Up and down, holding the dildo steady behind him. He watches, head spinning a little, because he wonders if this is what he looks like when Tony fucks him. It can’t be, because Tony looks so good, the flush spreading from his face down to his chest now. He looks good and in control, but not, all at the same time, and Steve fists his own dick, pumps it a few times, trying to hold back.
“Move in with me.” Tony says too casually for their current situation. They’re naked in Tony’s bed, still sweating and panting from their sex marathon. Steve stills his fingers from where they’ve been drawing shapes into the expanse of Tony’s back and Tony can feel his chest rising and falling more deliberately now.
“Good morning.” Tony blushes, a bit flustered. Steve kisses him again and slowly presses him against the wall of the shower. Tony gasps as Steve’s lips attach to the junction of his neck and his fingers tug on his hair.
“Finish that sentence,” Steve pleads, eyes growing dark with lust.
Tony came with a shout, crying out some variation of Steve’s name and explicit words. Tony clenched so tight around Steve’s dick as he came that Steve was chasing his orgasm, coming into the condom.
Tony grabs hold of both his wrists and pulls his hands away from his face. “I’ll sleep on the couch if I’m bothering you.” He swallows again, face pinched in obvious pain. His words are so jumbled that it takes Steve a moment to translate.
“I’m off work on Saturday, Nat needed a shift change. Do you wanna go out?” Steve asks dragging a towel through his freshly washed hair.
When Tony finally tugs at his hair and pulls him away, Steve rests his head on Tony's hip and breathes him in. He feels boneless, curled up with Tony above him, not even aware of his own arousal until Tony breathes, “Good boy.”
Tony kisses him on the mouth, in the mostly quiet airport. His flight isn't for another two hours. Steve wraps his arms around Tony's waist and holds him still, Tony's breath against his neck.
, Tony.” He moans, writhing beneath him. Tony chuffs, continuing his brutal administrations to Steve’s body.
“Fuck, you look so good like this. Trying so hard to please me, on your knees for me...” and Steve  moans around Tony's cock because he is on his knees and he hadn't even realised. Tony's hips tremble with the effort of not bucking up into his mouth and Steve almost can't handle it, has to reach up with the hand that isn't wrapped around Tony and twine their fingers together, trying to convey how cared for he feels. He tries to take Tony deeper, easing down until he starts to choke and backing off again. Tony is panting, broken little noises interspersed with “oh fuck, fuck, Steve, fuck,” until his hand tightens in Steve's hair and he says clearly,
Tony's eyes widen as he guides his cock to his entrance and slowly begins to sink down upon it. He's so much thicker, so much longer than he'd expected at this angle, even now. The stretch of it is exquisite, filling him up.
It's not until they're at the diner that Steve questions his mood.
“Sorry.” He’s crying. Fuck. “I know it’s hard. I’d be there if I could.” Tony clenches his jaw. He won’t go there, not right now.
“You’re so good,” Steve stutters as he moves his hand with the dildo, middle finger teasing Tony’s entrance next to his first, “I love you like this; stuffed full of a toy and my fingers,” and Tony’s biting down on his forearm as Steve works his middle finger into him. He can see it, can watch his balls tightening with the additional pressure, watches his hole working with the effort to stay open around him, and Steve thinks a cock ring might have been a better idea to start; he could’ve kept him like this much longer, it would’ve been mean and terrible and absolute wicked fun. He’d have to remember that for next time. Tony’s clenching and trembling around his fingers and the toy pulls him back in, and it’s fucking incredible to watch, his entire body flexing with incredible effort.
“So I guess the shower made me come clean.” Tony smirks. “Pun intended.” Steve groans and kisses his neck.
“I got to thinking about how much I love you and how much you mean to me. And it all got to be too much and, fuck this is so embarrassing.” He grumbles. Tony’s heart drops and he pulls his boyfriend’s body closer to his.
“That’s my line.” He jokes, sighing sleepily when he rests his chin on Steve’s chest. “What’s a’matter?” Tony prompts. Steve gnaws at his lip and busies himself with running fingers through Tony’s hair.
The door is shut and Steve rakes his eyes over Tony's body, who shivers in response. The gesture is so obvious, almost starkly funny in its clear meaning.
“I love you, too, Tones.”
The morning comes and Tony and Steve decide to pick Peter up from Ned’s on their way home from the store.
“We should go out more,” Steve says idly one morning. It’s early, just about seven, and Tony is showering for his eight a.m. Steve is at the counter in the bathroom finishing up his shave.
“No. We just had a fight. A big one.” Steve mutters. He looks away.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Kiss me,” Tony gasps, his voice breathless after a few tentative thrusts. Tony lifts his head up and brings his lips to Steve’s. Steve took this opportunity to roll his hips against Tony’s, catching the moan that fell from Tony’s sweet mouth in his. Tony’s head was swimming as he felt every part of Steve inside of his body, moving slowly and sliding in and out with ease.
“Your stress is stressing me out. You need to relax.”
"C'mon, let's go get some breakfast. I'm starving." Tony says and shuts the water off. They dry off and dress around each other in casual conversation.
“It’s okay. Jim called.” Tony groans, pressing his face into Steve’s chest.
“This was perfect. I love you.” Steve kisses him again and rests his head on his shoulder.
“Sometimes, yeah.”
"Right," he says, smoothing back a piece of Tony's hair that's fallen in his eyes. "Okay. As long as you don't have a thing for anthropomorphic turtle vigilantes."
“Hey, the meeting was cut short. I picked up a pizza, I wasn’t sure if  you ate--mph!” Steve cuts him off with a hard kiss, pressing him into the kitchen counter. Tony drops everything in his hands and tangles his fingers in Steve’s hair. Steve licks hotly into his mouth and gets a thigh between Tony’s legs. Pulling away, Tony breathes heavily.
“Hey, I wouldn’t be the person I am if I didn’t. You know that.”
Agent Romanoff gives the bag to Banner and he shakes her hand goodbye, then he looks at Steve and smiles, a ‘goodbye’ too.
“Sure, boss,” Happy says and holds the door open for Pepper. “In the meantime, please, have Gina give you a badge, alright?” Happy tells Tony.
Rhodey just chuckles in reply. “I did. I got Tony’s tech to track him faster. So I’d know what to do without having to tell Yu about it,” he explains. “Listen, it’s been months since he went hiding, nothing’s happened.”
banging my very hot soulmate even though we've been living under the same roof for at least seven months?" Tony asks, his eyes wide open at Clint.
Fury and Natasha both make a grab for their guns and Tony stands uncomfortably in the back. “Dr. Banner,” the Captain calls. “Put down the scepter,” he orders.
Steve takes a step towards him, his arms uncurling. Then his eyes bore into Tony’s like getting a grip of his soul. “Together,” Steve says.
Two hours in, and Steve is having trouble not fidgeting, even though that’s usually Tony’s shtick.
“Things seem to be going well with you two,” she notes as the elevator finally slides to a stop, doors opening. She steps out, Steve following automatically, and turns to face him. “See to it that doesn’t change.”
“Of course not, sir.”
provoke him, he’s too polite to bite first.
“I monitor everyone and everything in the tower, as is my directive,” Jarvis says primly. “I mentioned it merely because it seemed relevant to your current welfare, which is my prime directive.”
“I mean it, Tony,” Pepper’s glare intensifies. “If I find out you’ve ended up in a hot tub with triplets –”
, because he’s pretty sure Pepper would have found out and put a stop to it if it were anything actually cruel, but for all he knows, someone bet Steve he couldn’t actually pretend he liked Tony, and this is the culmination of several months’ worth of effort. It seems unlikely (Rhodey would probably say
“Very good, Ms. Potts,” Jarvis’s tone is approving. “I’ve forwarded the list to your email.”
“I feel it.” Steve’s voice is soft, but clear. He’s staring at his hand, fingertips curling in just a little like he’s trying to hold on. “I feel it.” He looks up, then, motion almost sharp, and meets Tony’s eyes. Tony can’t read his face in the dark, but Steve doesn’t seem to have the same trouble. “I missed you, too,” he says, and kisses him.
There’s a roar of repulsors before Steve’s moved more than a couple steps, louder than usual, and Rhodes is swooping in, War Machine armor making more noise than the Iron Man armor ever does. There’s an incredible crash and the screech of metal on metal as Rhodes halts Tony’s graceless tumble, placing himself firmly in Tony’s path and bracing.
Tony keeps glaring at Steve, who glares back.
“You needed time to cool down. Everyone understands.”
Carefully, with hands that are comfortingly steady in spite of the way he feels like he’s about to shake out of his skin, Tony pours out a cup of coffee then settles the pot back in place. Just as carefully, he carries the mug over to the table and sits. He tries regulating his breathing again, and it’s easier now. His heart is still going full throttle for the open road, but if he can just remember how to breathe, he’s sure he won’t feel quite so much like he’s about to go into cardiac arrest. He’s not allowed to do that anymore. He promised Pepper.
“I suggest you ask your fiancé about McPherson,” Fury tells him, rising. “I don’t have time for this.”
“No more flying fatalities,” Tony quips, and Steve has to suppress the urge to throw his shield at him. He’s not sure why he thought anything was going to change.
“Stark –”
“Tony?” Steve prompts, and Tony realizes he’s just been standing there, staring up into Steve’s stupidly perfect face like an idiot. “Do you –”
“The Avengers are assembling around the breakfast bar,” Jarvis tells him, and Steve blinks in surprise.
“– or have had this restaurant turned into an S&M club –”
Pepper’s face slides into worry. “Tony,” she starts, but Tony cuts her off.
“Mostly?” Steve prompts, but Tony’s completely lost his train of thought.
There’s a split-second pause before Jarvis says, almost hesitantly, “Captain Rogers proposed?”
Tony gives her a look he hopes conveys how absurd that is. When she just continues to watch him, he shakes his head. “I’m not fifteen, Pep. I don’t need impossible daydreams to get me through.”
he tells himself firmly, distracted enough it takes three tries to get his door open.
Steve blinks. “It. What?”
His father had used less polite terms.
Steve gives himself a bit of a mental shake, and closes his sketchpad, shifting to sit sideways on his bed, feet on the floor. “Of course, come in.”
“Maybe I don’t want to go back to sleep.” Tony clutches the mug a little tighter. The idea of going back to sleep, back into the worm hole, is terrifying on a gut level. All the logic in Tony’s brain can’t seem to change that.
And that’s just. No. “You think the only thing worth anything is fighting?” Tony demands. “Nothing else matters?”
Tony’s mouth goes thin. “Good thing I wasn’t interested, then.” Tony’s voice is clipped. “If age differences bother you, though, you should probably keep that to yourself, given our situation. It looks a bit like hypocrisy, what with you robbing the cradle. Or maybe I am, since you were chilling in suspended animation instead of actually living like everyone else for most of your ninety-odd years.”
Early Wednesday morning, an alarm goes off while Steve is making eggs after his run. The noise reverberates around the entire apartment, sounding like it’s coming from every direction at once. For a split second, he stares at the eggs, like he’s somehow burned them without noticing and set off the smoke detector. He’d done that once in his own apartment, early on, and the idea of causing the entirety of Stark Tower to evacuate because he burned his breakfast causes a brief rush of panic before he realizes this doesn’t sound like the fire alarm in his old building.
Steve appreciates it, he does, and extra air support is probably exactly what they need, but it still rankles that Tony’s just taken over everything without so much as a by-your-leave. The wedding had been surprisingly unnerving, rather than just awkward, as Steve had been expecting. He’d hoped that the time away from each other – whether intentional or not – would have settled whatever it was, and Tony certainly seems back to his usual irritating self, but Steve still feels off-kilter. It’s a little like he’s forgotten something, or is missing something, but it remains elusive. Tony’s presence just seems to be making it worse, and his attitude isn’t doing anything to help Steve’s frustration, either.
“I.” Tony has exactly zero idea how to respond to that. He can almost feel his brain trying to reboot. “What.”
“There’s nothing to know, J,” Tony snaps, then takes a deep breath. It’s not Jarvis’s fault Tony’s infatuated and doesn’t filter himself when he’s not in public. “It’s a crush. I’ll get over it. He doesn’t know, and he’s not
The tiles are cool under Tony’s bare feet as he lurches into the hallway and out into the kitchen. He fumbles for the coffee maker, needing to feel something real under his hands, needing a task, needing anything at all to try to break through the whine of panic in his brain.
“So fucking beautiful,” Steve murmurs, so low Tony can barely hear him, doesn’t know if he’s meant to. “Been thinking about this for ages.”
After several long moments, Steve realizes he’s staring, following the lines of Tony’s shoulders and arms, wondering a little vaguely what else he’d be sweet about that he usually laughs off. It takes more effort than it maybe should to tear his eyes away, back down to his sketchbook, abruptly grateful Tony is so engrossed in his own work. He yawns again, decides he should probably call it a night. He shuts his book with a snap, and Tony jerks, looks up, eyes wide and disconcerted.
“In the subway system. Bruce is going to stay here as backup –”
“You keep saying ‘marriage’ like it’s an actual option,” Tony comments, eyes flicking from Steve to Coulson and back, then down to his phone as it lights up against his fingers. His mouth twitches a little at one corner.
, and Tony finds it delightful.
That decided, he goes to see if he can claim Tony for dinner.
“Steady, Cap,” Tony tells him under the noise, leaning close to make sure Steve can hear. His grip tightens on Steve’s hand, and he pulls him in, like he’s trying to get closer, but Steve recognizes the defensive posture, sees the way Tony is putting his body between Steve and the press lining the walk. “Look at me,” Tony says, low and firm.
“Well, your people called my people and I wasn’t going to say no,” Mr. Cooper laughs, “even if it’s not quite what we usually do.”
“Hope you don’t mind the stairs,” Tony says, starting down them at a trot.
“No, we haven’t,” Steve agrees carefully, when it’s plain Ms. Potts is waiting. He realizes abruptly that the elevator is moving incredibly slowly, unlike the carnival-ride drop he usually gets.
“She didn’t like nursing?”
Steve takes a breath, lets it out. “Nothing, Jarvis,” he says after a moment. “Just concern for a – for a teammate.” He stands and heads out towards the elevators. “Would he eat a bagel if I brought one back for him, do you think?”
Tony jerks back, feeling a little like he’s been slapped. “You don’t know the first thing about it.”
That wasn’t exactly the direction Steve was expecting the interview to go in, but he’ll take it. He’d certainly rather talk about the programs he’s been working with in his free time than their fake Valentine’s Day celebrations, or what they’re expecting to do later for their anniversary – he can’t even wrap his head around the fact that it’s already been a month – even though he knows they won’t get out of the interview without it coming up. For now, it helps him settle from the earlier pitfalls, and he can feel himself relaxing as he talks about the kids he works with in one program, how he’d heard about them through one of the agents at SHIELD.
Rhodey shakes his head. “I think he’s a mess and doesn’t know what to do about any of this, and is taking it out on you.”
would end up living there, excepting the size of the clothes and the toiletry brands. It’s like some of the corporate apartments Steve has seen on missions in the last year.
Worrying about it doesn’t seem to be helping, though, and it’s not like Steve has a lot of time right now. He gives himself a firm mental shake, and pushes himself to his feet.
“Great.” There’s a clang as the shield bounces off a wall, and an unpleasant crunch from the rat it hits. Steve gives a satisfied huff. “Any idea where they’re coming from?”
The board definitely thinks it’s all thanks to Steve, Pepper had been right about that all those months ago. They’re not exactly wrong, either, though it’s less Steve’s positive and grounding influence and more the fact that Tony can only handle being so close to what he wants, but can’t have, for so long before he needs to find somewhere to go where Steve won’t follow, and increasingly so, that’s not his workshop.
Tony spends most of the next few days in his workshop. He has a conference call he can’t get out of late Thursday afternoon, but he can get away with audio only, so he doesn’t even have to change, or try to cover up his bruising. He’s not
skip out, not on this. Steve’s fairly certain Tony makes a habit of showing up late to meetings, if he shows up at all, but he’s just as certain that he’s never left anyone on the team to face the press alone, has taken over that duty himself more times than Steve can count in the past year, has done it so smoothly that Steve’s not sure anyone has even noticed how Tony has kept the limelight on himself so that Clint, and Natasha, and Banner, and even Steve himself, haven’t had to deal with it.
there must be speakers somewhere. “Did you not require light?”
is the wrong way to put it, but I don’t think
Steve nods again, anyway, doesn’t have to ask what the other man means. “He’s very frustrating,” he says, hopes it doesn’t sound like whining.
Automatically, Steve glances behind him to see if Tony’s there. He’s not, of course, but it would have somehow been less confusing for Tony to have been able to sneak up on him than for Ms. Potts to be there for Steve. “Um,” he manages, then, just as eloquently. “Me?”
Steve shrugs. “Not something that comes up a whole lot. And I haven’t drawn professionally since I made it over to Europe.”
Eight days after Steve stopped being able to turn around without seeing Tony’s face splashed over every media surface with the brunet McPherson alongside, he gets called in for some kind of meeting. There’s no preparatory packet to read through, no Fury coming in to beard him in the gym, just a phone call after breakfast, “1300 in the conference room, Captain,” and then nothing.
And Tony doesn’t know what he means by that, doesn’t say,
“We know you’re not homophobic, Cap,” Natasha tells him, “doesn’t mean people won’t say what they want about you to further their own ends.”
bed. He’s not on the Helicarrier, either – the air quality isn’t right for it and he can’t hear the engines at all – but he can’t think for a long minute where else he would be, and for half a second he has the horrifying thought that it’s happened
brings with it the biggest gala Tony and Steve have been to since their wedding, but, surprisingly, the least amount of attention directed at them. Just about everyone seems to want to stop by to wish Steve a happy birthday, but no one lingers, and Tony gets the impression everyone is expecting them to skip out early for a more private kind of fireworks show. It’s almost funny.
“Of course, Sir,” Jarvis’s tone is oddly bland. Something else for Tony to think about.
Steve abruptly recalls talking to Tony on their first date about drawing, and his mother, and her irritation over his penchant for using charcoal. He can’t believe Tony remembered. Or cared enough to do something like this. And it had to have been Tony. Even if Jarvis or Ms. Potts (or both) had actually carried out the setup, Tony had to have given them very specific instructions, and Steve is almost positive the note is Tony’s handwriting.
“Go back to bed, Steve.” Tony doesn’t look up this time.
Right by the windows is an easel that’s already been set up, a single sheet of paper attached, with a note that just reads, “Don’t worry about your laundry.” A complete set of charcoals is lined up on a tray next to it.
“So what do you do?” Steve asked.
“Ooh, burned,” Barton fake whispers.
“Drop me on the roof of that car,” Barton points to one of the middle cars. “I’ll try to clear some space from there.”
There’s another pause. “We have all put a lot of work into fixing the image you and Stark are presenting to the public,” Coulson says eventually. “You and Stark included. The rest of us would prefer it if you could keep your domestic squabbles behind closed doors, if you must have them. And if you could keep them off the public channel that would also be appreciated.”
It lasts forever and no time at all. They part to breathe, but don’t separate more than a few inches, foreheads together, breathing the same air.
The eye roll is clear in Steve’s voice, but all he says is, “When we’ve got everyone out, you and I are going in.”
It’s a while before Steve can tear himself away.
“You good, Cap?” Tony asks, and Steve realizes Tony had been talking and he’d missed it.
“Nothing else here,” Bruce replies, and Tony can hear the rapid clicking as he skims feeds.
“It’s what you’ve got,” Fury answers. “Don’t break his kid.”
Steve’s jaw cracks on his next yawn, and Tony rolls his eyes again, huffs a laugh.
There’s a brief rush of air between them as Steve pulls back, the rip of the condom wrapper, and Tony slits his eyes open, watches Steve’s face as he lines up and pushes in. Tony thinks maybe Steve was right not to listen when he said he was ready the first time, thinks,
“How much longer until we go on?” Steve knows his voice is too loud, but he feels justified when it brings Tony’s head around to hear the answer.
Tony laughs, can’t help it, and Steve blinks at him, startled, and his grin breaks out full force. It’s nothing like the bond salesman smile. Tony feels his breath hitch, forces a cough to cover it, and reaches for his wineglass again. He is so fucked.
“Sure,” Tony nods, and adjusts his grip on Natasha. “Ready?” he asks.
“It’s down to us,” Natasha had said in the middle of planning.
The blaze of an entire war-fleet igniting burns the blackness from the edges of Tony’s vision, and he starts awake struggling to breathe, explosions still blossoming before his eyes in the darkness around him.
“Jarvis, take a look at whatever’s still holding up Steve’s back pay. Have Pepper get Legal on it to make sure everything’s above board, but feel free to cut through any red tape that needs cutting if they get bogged down. Steve’s not going to be happy when he finds out it’s not SHIELD funding the Avengers, or his paycheck, or that apartment he was in, and he should have access to his own money, anyway.”
Steve is still awake when Tony finishes in the bathroom, sitting up against the headboard, already deep into a book he must have picked up downstairs. Tony was kind of hoping he’d be asleep, that they wouldn’t have to talk. He’d offered Steve first shower and taken longer than he needed when it was his turn specifically to avoid another confrontation.
“Sit down, Captain,” Fury’s command sounds oddly like a request.
“Sorry, J. If he tries to pay rent, tell him all expenses are covered by his contract. The others don’t pay for anything, he’d figure out soon enough he wasn’t, either, and then just get pissed all over again.”
Pepper eyes him critically for a moment, as if she knows exactly what he’s thinking. She probably does.
There’s no sign of Thor, of course, but Coulson is there, and Ms. Potts, and the rest of the Avengers, as promised.
Steve glances at Tony, but the other man is watching Ms. Potts, munching steadily on the bagel in his hand, seemingly unperturbed.
Steve takes a slow breath and tells himself this is not something he needs to start another fight over. Tony is not actually withholding information, and it’s not even like that’s something he does, not intentionally, he just. Forgets. Or, rather, he gets distracted, or doesn’t think it’s important. It’s not like this is mission-related, anyway, this is entirely personal. And Steve gets the impression it’s more personal for Tony than it is for him.
“Tony?”
Tony gets both hands in Steve’s hair, holds him close. Steve has one hand high on Tony’s shoulder, sliding higher, thumb sweeping the soft skin under Tony’s jaw, tilting Tony’s head where he wants it. The hand he’d had over Tony’s heart has slipped down and around to the small of Tony’s back, pulling him in.
“You look positively radiant, sir.” It sounds surprisingly heartfelt.
“There’s an apartment for you downstairs,” Tony tells him, figuring if Thor wanted pleasantries he could have waited until daylight hours.
There’s something different about Steve, Tony thinks, watching him move slowly around a sculpture, eyes narrowed and head cocked as he considers it.
(who were mostly just hoping to get photographs and autographs instead of clearing out, like they were supposed to) when they got above ground after they left the tunnels, and then again when they’d arrived at HQ for the debrief. All he really wants to do is go back to his apartment and curl up with a book or a sketchpad for the rest of the evening. He has to remind himself he doesn’t have an apartment, anymore. And he can’t even go shut himself up in his room, because he and Tony have to go out and pretend they’re in love so everyone can gawk at them. It all makes him want to hit something.
. He’s been reminding himself every time he starts to relax that this thing between them isn’t real, that they couldn’t see eye to eye on anything, could barely even be in the same room together before they were forced into it, that just because Steve doesn’t completely tense up at the sight of him anymore doesn’t mean he wouldn’t leap at the chance to be spending time with anyone else if he could. And here’s this guy asking if they’re planning on
“You didn’t know,” Pepper says, not a question, but.
Eventually, Steve groans and hauls himself up and away. Tony can’t help the slight wince when Steve pulls out, but it’s mostly just discomfort. There’s the pad of bare feet across the carpet, and Tony turns to watch Steve disappear into the bathroom. There’s the sound of running water, and then Steve’s back with a washcloth. Tony can see the red imprint of the arc reactor on his chest. It makes something hot turn over in his stomach, even now.
“Okay.” Tony loosens his grip just a little, takes a deep breath for the first time since he woke up. “Yeah. That would be. Okay.”
Steve nods anyway. “We were meant to leave in less than a week. They didn’t seem to think that would be possible.”
“Right.” Pepper nods once, sharply. “I’m going back to the meeting. Be careful.”
“What?” Steve turns, still half-distracted by the call on the field.
At the soft sound of his name, Tony spins, screwdriver held out defensively, but it’s just Steve. Of course it’s Steve. No one else could get in without Jarvis causing a fuss. At least, no one who would be looking for him at this hour. “Steve.” Tony forces himself to relax, straighten, lower the screwdriver. “What can I do for you?”
The familiar clack of Pepper’s heels against the floor has a calming effect for about half a minute. “This is a bad idea,” Tony announces. “Tell me you don’t think this is a bad idea. Because I think this is a bad idea.”
“On it,” Tony blasts at a rat leaping for Natasha’s perch in a maintenance alcove, and sweeps the tunnel. “Hawkeye?”
“So we’re good here?” Fury stands.
“Tony.”
“We’re getting nothing,” Tony puts in, as Jarvis finishes running a sweep. “No traces of anything that’s not supposed to be here. Might be a good idea to install cameras down here, if this is going to become a thing.”
“I’ll let you know how it goes,” Rhodey promises, ready to head out. “And you call me if you need me. I know you’re a married man and all,” he neatly dodges the wrench Tony chucks halfheartedly at him, “but if things get dicey, I can be here in a couple hours.”
“As you like,” Thor shouts back. He drops low enough that he can release Steve at the top of the stairs, then kicks off again to join the other flyers.
“Let me know if you need anything else tonight,” Natasha says to Ms. Potts, loading her rinsed plate into the dishwasher before heading for the elevator. “Otherwise, I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Not at all,” he replies, and turns pointedly away. “Agent, you said you had information for us?”
“That’s what got you into this, isn’t it?” Rhodes asks, though it’s not really a question.
Steve raises an eyebrow. “Maybe. But what would be the point?”
“Tony, shut up,” Pepper digs her nails in, just a bit, and Tony almost swallows his tongue, trying to stop the flow of words. “We need to talk about this,” she gestures with her clipboard at the images floating around them, the freeze-frame of the video, “not hypothetically endangered puppies.”
“That’s.” Underhanded, maybe. Evil, certainly. “Fair,” Tony goes with, because it’s that, too. He’s a little bit dreading it, but the slightly masochistic part of him is also looking forward to seeing that ass in whatever Pepper’s cooked up. The woman does have an eye for that sort of thing. The suits she’s had Steve in these last couple weeks have looked unfairly good on him, to the point where Tony’s pretty sure he hasn’t dreamt this regularly about a person he wasn’t sleeping with since his MIT days.
“Yes?” Steve echoes, and his hands have mostly stilled on Tony’s arms, but his thumbs are still sweeping up and down, restless like he can’t help it. And when Tony nods, isn’t sure he can get the words out again, a smile breaks over Steve’s face like the sun or some other damn cliché, and he uses his grip to tug Tony even closer. Slowly, like he’s afraid this isn’t what Tony meant by “yes” – or wants to give Tony time to pull away – he leans in and kisses Tony on the mouth.
“Let me.” Rhodey’s right next to him, again, carefully plucking the pieces from his hand. “Tony?”
“No dragging,” Steve promises.
Pepper gives him another long look, appraising in a different way. “It will be okay,” she says, soft, but serious.
Steve huffs out a sharp breath, but nods.
The sight of Steve laughing, and the hand the woman has casually rested on his arm, make Tony feel a little sick, and he tells himself very firmly he is not allowed to be jealous. Steve should be talking to people, making friends. Tony knows he’d dated at least casually before they’d had to become New York’s It Couple, had made one or two passing comments about how dating now was a little like being on the Star Spangled Show all the time, with how much more lax everything was. And now that the constant scrutiny has eased up, it would make sense that Steve would want to start getting out there again. Maybe find someone closer to his own age. If he hasn’t already been seeing someone discreetly, anyway, and that’s another thing Tony has been pointedly not thinking about.
Tony doesn’t need to look. He’s seen all of them, had spent half the night looking at pictures and reading comments before he managed to fall asleep, and he’s well aware of the image he and Steve presented, had known when he’d pressed back into Steve’s space what it would look like to anyone watching, taking pictures.
Natasha asks, “Iron Man, a lift?” at the same time as Bruce points out, “There is no shotgun on Cap’s bike.”
Not that he’s uncomfortable. Just. Waiting. Aware of the sidelong looks he’s getting, though he can’t quite parse why. At least when Tony’s around, he knows people are looking because it’s ‘Tony Stark and an Avenger’– not because he’s underdressed. Though maybe people will be watching them for other reasons now, and that’s the kicker. Steve hasn’t seen Tony since they got back to the Tower the night before, they’d grabbed takeout on the way, but hadn’t eaten together. Steve had gone to his room and Tony had gone, well, wherever it was Tony went to. His workshop, maybe. Steve hadn’t asked, had just been a little relieved to be able to hole up in his own space and draw, get out of his head for a bit.
“It’ll be okay,” Steve says, voice still level, still oddly gentle, but there’s something tight about it.
“Don’t,” Tony stops her, and this is more important than any justified but ultimately useless argument he was going to try to make. “Don’t do that. It wasn’t working. And this has nothing to do with us. I’m just glad we figured ourselves out early enough that you weren’t dragged into everything with –” he cuts himself off, doesn’t want to finish that thought. “That you won’t be dragged into this,” he says instead. “Any more than you have to be, anyway.” He offers a wry smile.
“I don’t know if I should be getting out my checkbook or trying to sign up for Basic,” Tony says, figures someone’s got to say something to prevent this being completely unbearable.
Thor is now looking at him like he’s lost it, and that is not at all comforting. “Did you not make a proposal that was accepted by Director Fury?”
“That’s it,” Tony wraps an arm firmly around her waist. “You’ll be more comfortable if you’re holding your own wrist, so you’re not trying to get a grip on the armor, but I’ve got you locked, so you don’t need to hang on at all, if you don’t want to.” He looks up to see Steve watching them. “Any advice from the pro?” he asks, because he’s flown with Steve more often than anyone else at this point, and Steve looks like he wants to say something.
“Don’t worry,” Coulson says from behind him, and Steve turns back at the door. “We’ll get it all sorted out soon enough, fix the situation, and then it will just be a waiting game.”
“Tony,” Steve’s voice is softer, now.
“I know. I know.” Tony heaves a put upon sigh. “We both made the mistake of bitching each other out in public, so we both get to pay the price. Poetic justice, you think?”
Steve catches the look Tony sends him, like he knows exactly what he’s doing, and he’s daring Steve to say something about it in front of these people he doesn’t know. It’s possible this is retaliation for more than just the height crack, but Steve gets the feeling he’s going to regret the decision to stop holding hands.
Coulson has his own phone out, now, tapping efficiently without the sharp motions Tony’s using. “You’ll be moving in with Stark, of course,” he says, glances up, must be able to read how flabbergasted Steve feels in the expression on his face. Steve thinks his jaw might unhinge if it keeps dropping. He maybe needs to get a handle on that. “It won’t look like much of a marriage if you aren’t even living together,” he points out, tone surprisingly gentle. Out of the corner of his eye, Steve sees Tony look up sharply, but when he turns, Tony’s looking at his screen again.
“Nothing you don’t already know. Probably less.”
“Yeah,” Tony rubs awkwardly at his back, “yeah, we should –”
Slowly, Steve draws several deep breaths, opens his eyes, takes in the shadowy outlines of unfamiliar furniture.
“It wasn’t her secret to tell.” Tony had been more than a little surprised by the whole thing, a little pissed he didn’t know, maybe a little hurt, but he’s had time to think about it, now, and he understands.
“You’ve been working for nearly twenty-four hours,” Pepper responds tartly. “At least, it’s been nearly twenty-four hours since Rhodey left, and he said you had gone under before he’d cleared the room.”
“They’ve shrunk back down and decided they’re bored, if that’s what you mean by ‘done’,” Natasha’s voice comes across somewhere between amused and disconcerted.
Tony can see that, he thinks. He can also see the look on Steve’s face, and while he’s glad the other man is opening up, he thinks maybe this isn’t the place for this specific path down memory lane. “Did you have fun taking art classes?” he asks instead, “Did she get her wish? Or was it just a lot of fruit baskets?”
They make it through the veritable phalanx of journalists, photographers, and newscasters, up the stairs, across an impressive foyer, and into the vast reception hall. Steve didn’t think they were running particularly late, but there’s already a sizeable crowd milling around, drinking champagne and eating tiny little canapés while they chatter.
“Not really, no,” Tony agrees, and then doesn’t say anything else, just focuses on the shift and play of muscles across Steve’s back as he putters around, and the cadence of his voice as he recites back the explanations Bruce had given him about each of the teas and tinctures – “It’s not tea if there’s no actual tea in it, and tea is caffeinated,” – and how much to use, how long to steep them. Tony gets the feeling the easy ramble is helping Steve as much as it’s helping Tony, and that’s almost as comforting for Tony as the words themselves.
There are a couple tricky moments Tony would rather have done without, but they could have been worse. One when Natasha shouts a warning, and Tony only just gets to Barton in time to prevent him from getting eaten from behind – and who knew alligators could stand on their hind legs, that’s absolutely horrifying. Another when Steve’s down in the muck, shield knocked out of reach by a scaly tail, and there’s a ‘gator baring down on him, jaws wide, and Tony barely makes it before the thing’s teeth close on him. He gets his own arm in there, and the armor dents under the pressure, but holds, which is more than Tony can say for what Steve’s scale mail would have done. Tony gets knocked ass over teakettle for his trouble, but the distraction gives Steve enough time to regain both his feet and his shield and get back into it, so Tony figures it’s a job well done, even if there is an Iron Man-length crack in the wall he hit.
Bruce’s shoulders drop half an inch or so. “Right. Cap?”
Tony’s mouth twitches again. “I think you mean you
“Could’ve fooled me,” he says, clearly not taking Tony seriously, but not getting riled up the way he would have even a week ago.
“You’re Captain America’s husband now,” she reminds him. “Wow them with what a good influence he is.”
“I couldn’t say, Captain,” Jarvis replies, which sounds vaguely foreboding, but at least not as if another alien invasion is imminent.
“But that’s – that’s just not true,” Steve says. “I’ve never said anything against – I –”
Point. “Stay here, keep an eye on the screens. Stay on comms, we’ll yell if anything gets above ground.”
Just as Tony’s decided to start being obvious about yawning so he can beg off and go to his room – he really is tired – Natasha swings her legs over his lap, effectively pinning him in place. Startled, Tony turns to her, mouth open to say he was just going to go anyway, she can have the couch back, but she’s not even looking at him, fully engrossed in the film. Something warm settles in Tony’s stomach, and he lets himself sink further into the couch
“Half an hour,” Tony agrees.
“What?” Tony’s not sure where Steve took such a sharp turn. “No one’s throwing anything out. What’s the point of that? They get sold. Far better price for things only worn once, particularly from red carpet events.”
“Darling,” Tony says, grin somewhere between natural and paparazzi-ready, “this was better than three dinner dates. We’ve earned ourselves a night in.”
to himself with a slightly pinched look, and wasn’t sure he could blame him for it. He wouldn’t really classify either of them as adorable. That seemed more appropriate for puppies and small children than two grown men, in love or not. And he was not going to touch the
“It is thirteen minutes past four o’clock in the morning, Sir,” Jarvis’s voice is low and soothing, and Tony tries to cling to it. “You are in your bedroom in Stark Tower, in Manhattan, New York.” The lights come up slowly, not too bright, but enough that Tony can see more than just the shadowy suggestions of furniture.
“What’s got your head in the clouds?” she asks, coming to sit on the bench in front of the lockers while she towels her hair.
It’s one of the shorter battles they’ve fought, but brutal, made worse by the close quarters. Tony’s not familiar enough with regular, everyday alligators to know if they’re always this vicious, but he’s pretty sure they don’t usually attack en masse in the wild.
love you,” Pepper’s voice is as serious as Tony has ever heard it, hears
There’s a silence that’s a little too long to be anything but judgey before Jarvis responds, “Of course, sir.”
“That was rhetorical. Please don’t try to answer. Just keep it in mind.” She holds out the tablet she’d had tucked under her arm. “No more feelings,” she says, tone brisk now. “I know they give you hives. I need three signatures from you, and we need to go over yesterday’s board meeting, since you had to run off and save the city instead of attending.”
Clint whistles through his teeth. “I’d buy it.”
For a long minute, Tony doesn’t even register what Steve’s saying, just tries to grasp the fact that he didn’t even
Rhodes just rolls his eyes. “You say that like I haven’t been dealing with him for decades,” he points out.
“I can dress myself,” he says loudly.
Steve reels back, then his spine straightens again. “Fuck you, Stark,” he says, voice tight, and turns on his heel and stalks off, around the quinjet still blocking the street, and past the SHIELD agents holding the perimeter.
“Yes, sir,” Steve says automatically, then shakes his head at himself as the line goes dead.
“Already in,” Natasha replies, and Tony turns to see her shape in the train windows. He grins.
“You had an interesting conversation with Steve,” Tony says, apropos of absolutely nothing, in between sips from his water bottle. He hadn’t meant to bring it up, hadn’t meant to open that can of worms, but he can’t be entirely surprised his mouth ran away with him on this one. He’s been thinking about it all day, and he doesn’t have the greatest filter at the best of times.
They don’t say anything else, but it’s not uncomfortable. They just sit for a long time, sipping tea, while Tony’s breathing evens out, and his heart rate slowly settles back to normal.
Truth be told, Steve’s really just tired of seeing the people he cares about hurt, and it’s galling that Tony would assume Steve
“I said
“Clint said he’d be my best man,” he tells Thor, almost absurdly grateful for the fact now, though he’d been a little underwhelmed when Clint had initially called
here,” Steve points out, digs in his locker for a shirt. “This is a locker room.”
Tony makes the very firm decision not to care, and lifts his arms to let Steve skim the shirt up and over his head, then grabs the waistband of Steve’s pants with both hands and uses his leverage to tip them over onto the bed. It’s worth it, skin to skin when Tony pulls Steve down on top him to kiss, drags one hand up the smooth planes of Steve’s back to tangle in his hair, gets the other between them, fingers pressed to the hot line of Steve’s cock through his underwear. The angle is awkward, Tony’s wrist twisted almost painfully, but the noise Steve makes sends a hard shudder down Tony’s spine, and he arches up a little, his own dick against the solid muscle of Steve’s thigh, and
“I’m fine,” Steve barely manages not to snap.
,” she holds up a hand to keep Tony from interrupting. “Sometimes I need you to actually talk to them about what you’re working on. This is a big contract, but they’re going to want to know why it’s okay to build body armor for the military but not weapons, and if this means we’re going to
“I guess.” Steve hadn’t thought of it like that, before. He doesn’t really think of the Tower as home, but he hadn’t thought of SHIELD or his apartment that way, either, and the Tower has become more home to him than either of the others, even though he hasn’t even been there quite two months.
“You always speak very highly of Captain Rogers.”
Pepper opens her mouth as if to refute it, sighs, and shakes her head. “I’ve given the weekend PR team my statement to release this evening,” she continues after a moment. “We decided it best to go with an expression of deep disappointment that your relationship was being dragged about like this, and that, while it is true you are engaged, we would like to ask that your privacy – and that of Captain Rogers – be respected going forward.”
do this, you need to tell me. You can lie to everyone else if you want to, but I know you, and I know what this must be costing you. No one will judge you if you –”
“What?” Tony’d been looking down at his phone again, but his head jerks up at the question.
Tony grits his teeth, because Steve fucking would. “Reroute it back to his account, or donate it to an art school in his name, or something. Even seventy years of military raises wouldn’t cover this,” Tony gestures sharply at the room around him, the penthouse, the Tower, the view of the city from the center of Manhattan. “Not that he’d know that. Let him figure it out, if he cares that much.” Tony rubs both hands over his face. “Fuck him, anyway,” he tells his palms. “Get everything I want, do I? That explains so much about this situation. Must be those latent masochistic tendencies Dr. Whatsisname kept going on about.”
Now he knows, at least, that Steve hasn’t been messing around on him. It sounds foolish even in his own head. There isn’t anything to mess around on, that was the whole point of the NDA. Not only has Steve not been indulging the uses of an NDA, though, he hadn’t even known it was an option, and Tony would swear he remembers Natasha saying she’d handle it and the rest of the paperwork, back when she and Pepper had been sorting out the pre-nup.
“It wasn’t new. I’d never seen it so clearly, but the idea wasn’t new. She didn’t pull it out of thin air and plant it in my brain. We don’t know what’s coming, but there are things out there we can’t begin to imagine, and I
Tony takes a moment to button his shirt and fiddle with his cufflinks. “He won’t touch anything, it’s fine,” he says eventually.
“What did happen with Trent McPherson?” Steve asks. “It can’t have been the media, or it wouldn’t be such big news now.”
This time, when Coulson pauses, Steve doesn’t even bother trying to speak, just waits.
“If or when we decide to have kids, you can bet we won’t be consulting you about it,” Tony says with a smile that hurts. “But thanks for asking. And that’s the last question any of you get. You’ve thoroughly killed the romance of the afternoon – thanks for that – and you’re blocking everyone’s view. Very unsportsmanlike of you all. So we’re going to go enjoy the rest of our day somewhere where you aren’t. C’mon, babe,” Tony firmly grabs Steve by the hand, and tows him out into the aisle, plowing through the idiots still trying to shout questions at them and getting in everyone’s way.
Steve heads north, figures he can run through Central Park for a while and pick up food on his way back, and lets his mind clear down to the air in his lungs and the steady beat of his sneakers on the pavement. It’s relaxing, almost meditative, and a couple hours pass before he notices how late it’s getting and returns to the Tower.
“Not weird,” Steve echoes, like he’s trying it out.
“So you just throw everything out? After wearing it once?” Steve’s on his feet now, the sun turning his hair into a halo around his head, like some sort of angel of angry righteousness.
The couple laugh like Tony’s told some great joke, and maybe he did, but Steve is more familiar than ever with Tony’s paparazzi smile, and he can see the slight tension at the corners of Tony’s mouth and eyes that he’s pretty sure no one else notices. Certainly these people can’t tell the difference – or don’t care enough to – and they wander off still laughing to mingle with other rich people.
A woman in a headset sweeps in, and, before Steve can blink, she herds him and Tony out of their chairs, out of the greenroom, and out towards the soundstage. She hovers as Mr. Cooper greets them – a handshake for Steve and a back-clapping embrace for Tony, which makes Steve grit his teeth all over again – and then points out the cameras, checks the microphones clipped to their shirts, and makes herself scarce.
“Um, hello?” he says, carefully.
Natasha ignores this, too. “Did he
“Where are we going?” Steve asks once they’re in a slightly quieter corridor off the main hall, letting Tony tug him along.
When Steve stumbles out into the kitchen after jerking awake from another nightmare about the war, he finds Tony already there, tapping arrhythmically against the counter while he waits for coffee to percolate.
“Doing all right?” Tony has shifted a little so he has a better angle on Steve’s face and the scrutiny from such close quarters is disconcerting.
“Maybe let her know we’re not donating anything else of Steve’s? And the cleaners should be notified, so they don’t send his things directly to Maria’s along with mine.”
To their rapt audience, Steve is pretty sure it looks like Tony is turning him pointedly in the direction of the bar, but Steve is paying attention now in a different way, and he can see the way Tony is carefully shifting them so that he’s firmly between Steve and this newest crowd they’ve drawn.
“I don’t want to distract him, though,” Steve says slowly, wondering if that’s the problem, “not if he’s got work to do.”
“They are preparing for departure,” Jarvis tells him. “They should all be assembled in the hangar within five minutes. Dr. Banner is already boarding the quinjet.”
“Why don’t we just help each other out?” Steve says, all in a rush. He’s so red now Tony can almost feel it, they’re so close, but he looks determined.
“The stats SHIELD sent over would seem to suggest otherwise,” Steve’s voice is dry.
There’s a slight twitch from Tony’s hand in his, and Steve feels himself frowning. “Maria’s?” he asks before he can stop himself.
The sound of Iron Man landing behind Steve makes him turn. “Good show, kids,” Tony says, claps his hands together with a squeal of metal that makes Steve flinch. “Breakfast party back at the Tower. No pigeon on the menu, but Jarvis is ordering everything else.” The mask snaps open and he grins at Steve. “Well done, Mon Capitaine. That little twist you did that one time was particularly impressive.”
“A menace to society,” Steve agrees sadly, hanging his head in shame. It doesn’t do much to hide the wicked glint in his eyes, or the way his mouth keeps trying to twitch back into a grin. “I’ve been told.”
“Very good, Sir.” Jarvis goes silent, but continues putting footage up on the HUD for Tony to flip through. It’s not particularly pretty.
There’s a pause that is probably only a second or two, but feels far longer and full of computerized judgment. “Alerting Sir to your presence, Captain,” is what Jarvis finally says, and a moment later one of the panels of glass swings outwards, accompanied by a wall of noise.
“You keep trying to play the hero, someone’s going to wind up hurt.” Steve gestures at Tony’s arm, “Maybe this isn’t bad, but you keep acting like you can do everything, and it’ll be worse. Might not even be you. You dragged Rhodes in last time, who’s next? If you’d think about someone besides yourself for one damned second, this wouldn’t happen.”
When Tony chances a glance at Steve, it’s to see him staring out the window, an oddly contemplative look on his face.
“Captain Rogers does not appear at all green, sir,” Jarvis replies dryly.
say ‘aesthetic appeal.’”
“Past time for super soldiers to be in bed, I guess. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you yawn before.”
Steve frowns. “You’re mocking me.”
Rhodes watches him for a long moment, then nods. “Glad we had this talk,” he says. “I’m going to go make sure Tony isn’t goading the reporters too badly.” He takes off neatly, flying in the same direction Tony had taken.
Tony steals another glance at Steve, still by the bar with the same woman. Their heads are tipped close, her hair just a few shades lighter than his. Even though the thought makes him grit his teeth, Tony can see they’d make a lovely couple, if a little monochrome for his tastes. They’d have very blond, very tall babies, at any rate. And that’s really not a thought Tony can be having right now.
There are empty pizza boxes on the coffee table. Barton’s sprawled in the big armchair, and Bruce is sitting on the floor, a tablet discarded on the ground next to him, leaning against one of Barton’s legs. Natasha and Steve have commandeered the couch, Natasha stretched across two thirds, toes just poking into Steve’s thigh. They all look comfortable and happy, and Tony feels the smile that spreads over his face at this evidence that Steve’s clearly doing better with everyone, getting closer to the rest of the team, even as, almost simultaneously, his chest tightens a little at the confirmation that Steve really has changed with all of them, and there’s nothing special about the way he’s been acting with Tony. From the easy look of things here, he’s still wary around Tony, and clearly only spending time with him when they’re supposed to, nothing like this.
Steve frowns again. There’s something not quite right about that, but he can’t put his finger on what. “Yes?” It lilts up a little, even though he hadn’t really intended for it to be a question. “I know it’s early, but I thought we could walk after. It’s not far from the park. And we haven’t gone out in almost a week. I know we’re supposed to be visible.” Steve makes a face of his own.
The first few pictures are from inside the restaurant, darker shots with the slightly grainy quality Steve has been learning to associate with camera phones. They show him sitting with Tony at their table, talking, smiling, one of Tony laughing, and then a pair from different angles – must have been from two different tables nearby – of the two of them leaning in a bit over the last of the dessert, fingers linked on the tabletop. One of the photos even has their hands circled, with an enlarged inset.
“Mostly. Cheaper than paints, and easier to take with you. Did some interesting courses in school with different media. I liked oils. Charcoal was a lot of fun, but messy. My mother was always threatening to make me do my own laundry.”
“Yes, sorry, I should have –” Steve starts, but Coulson cuts him off.
This is one of those moments, Tony thinks, that he’s glad he’s been trained to having cameras in his face since he was old enough to talk, because he’s pretty sure his expression doesn’t change at all, in spite of the chaos raging in his head, or the way it feels like something large is tap-dancing behind his belly button. Steve, utterly unflappable in uniform, still seems to be having trouble adjusting to the more intrusive questions he gets as Steve Rogers, and although he’s certainly better than he was five months ago, he’s currently looking a bit like someone hit him in the face with a Ferrari.
“I know,” Tony tells him, firm as he can. He opens his eyes. From this close, he can see every one of Steve’s eyelashes, fanned against his cheeks. He tips his chin, presses a light, chaste kiss to Steve’s lips. “If we do this right tomorrow, if this works, afterwards, we will sit and figure this,” he gives a little tug to Steve’s hair, “out. But if it doesn’t –” he hates even saying it, they’ve all been pointedly not allowing the possibility of disaster. Further disaster. He swallows. “If it doesn’t, no more regrets.”
“I’m not ignoring you. Would I have answered the phone if I was ignoring you?” Tony feels this is a fair point.
“Tony,” Ms. Potts is holding a plate with a blueberry bagel already sliced and spread with more cream cheese than can be considered healthy. “Come, sit, eat.” She gestures with her free hand at one of the vacant stools, and Tony, surprisingly, does as told, taking the plate from her with a grin. “You, too, Captain,” she points imperiously at another stool. “We’re planning.”
are not covered in grease.”
“I didn’t mean he couldn’t use it,” Pepper says carefully. “I know you put a lot of time and thought into –”
Steve glances up, but Tony is focused on pouring coffee from the full pot into his mug.
Coulson’s mouth does the twitchy thing again. “Were that the case, I’m sure an exception could be made.”
“Irreconcilable differences,” Tony says shortly. He looks pointedly between Ms. Potts and Coulson. “Can we wrap this up? I was in the middle of something downstairs. Several somethings, in fact.”
“Right,” Steve nods. Gives himself a firm mental shake and releases Tony entirely, stepping back himself.
Tony is tinkering with a ’39 Bullet diagram, caught up in the balance between modernized capabilities and original design, when the music in the shop cuts out, announcing Pepper’s presence.
“I’ll just,” he jerks his head towards the front door. Agent Godfrey waves an acknowledging hand at him and one of the other agents straightens up like he’s going to salute and thinks better of it, but no one else even glances in his direction. “Right,” he says, and heads outside, not bothering to lock the door behind him.
pick out a wedding venue, so I get a roommate tonight and a ball-and-chain next weekend. Don’t be jealous, you’re still my favorite.”
It’s Pepper’s turn to roll her eyes. “
“I don’t mean he’s fragile,” she says, like she’s read his mind. “He’s the strongest person I know. But he also has the biggest heart, and it’s been broken too many times.” She doesn’t say by her, but there’s something about the way she’s holding herself that Steve hears it anyway. “Everyone sees the big personality he puts on, the flashy armor he wears, but he’s not as insensitive as most people believe.”
“What?”
There’s a frown in Steve’s voice. “You said it wouldn’t work for you. Why should it work for me?”
Steve and Natasha both look up as Tony starts to back out of the room.
“Thing One and Thing Two are
allowed access to anything but the kitchen and living room on this level without express permission, Jarvis,” he says while he strips and gets into the shower. “And keep them out of my workshop.”
“A man can’t stop by to congratulate a friend on his coming nuptials?”
“I.” Steve stops, frowns again, and realizes they’re having two different conversations. He thinks. “The
“I’m sorry,” Steve says again. He’s got one hand cupping the uninjured side of Tony’s face now, thumb matching its earlier motion, brushing tears away even as they dry. “I shouldn’t have – this wasn’t the time.”
Pepper nods and continues. “Dr. Banner is, of course, already there. Natasha and Agent Barton are welcome at any time. Unless SHIELD objects to its agents living off-base?”
Tony chuckles. “No, of course, there’s been a lot of support, and not just on the fan blogs.” The look Tony and Mr. Cooper share goes right over Steve’s head. “I just meant we go way back in a way I don’t necessarily with a lot of the people we’re talking to, and you’re a little more intimately aware of the breadth of the responses we’ve been getting that some others might be.”
“America clear,” Steve sounds like he’s halfway between amusement at the team and irritation at everything else.
Steve huffs out a breath, but shifts over to wriggle out of both pants and briefs.
Tony rolls his eyes behind the facemask, contemplates lifting it for the full effect.
A burst of laughter from where Tony’s been chatting with his own makeup artist almost makes Steve snap. It’s infuriating the way Tony just turns it on and off, refusing to even make eye contact with Steve, then smiling and joking with the girl doing his makeup like there’s nothing wrong.
“I’m sure he’d say he lives to serve, as well.” Tony rubs a towel over his head. “Isn’t that the military line? Though he’s pretty lousy at serving,” he muses. “Unless it’s something he already wanted to do.”
Taking a deep breath as the elevator slows, Tony pushes himself upright. “What’ve we got, J?” he asks as the doors slide open again. He steps out and activates the deployment bracelets for the suit as he heads towards the landing pad, glad he’d remembered to put them on. He really needs to be better about that.
“Sir, I would suggest sitting still for a few moments longer –”
“Mm-hm. Jarvis, please remind him in an hour to go to bed. And if he doesn’t, let me know in two.”
“Yes, Raisin Bran?” Tony eyes the tie, and then rips the whole thing off again, barely restraining himself from throwing it on the ground and stomping on it.
None of it seems important, with Tony pressed up against him, one hand locked in his hair, the other braced at the small of Steve’s back, keeping him close. Steve has tangled his own fingers in Tony’s short hair, and somehow managed to untuck Tony’s shirt without meaning to, palm sliding up over the smooth skin of his back. It’s easy and wonderful and Steve has
certain about – loudly so – is that he still hates the Giants and the Yankees. Tony’s pretty sure Barton puts the games on just to rile Steve up, and he can’t say he minds. Steve can get pretty creative in his outrage, so watching him swear vehemently at the TV is a new experience every time.
“May I suggest you speak only when prompted, sir?” Jarvis interjects. “I believe your usual ‘anything else’ might not be appropriate for your wedding ceremony.”
“The good memories. The not-bad memories. When you have them. If you have them. Do they help? Seeing people. Knowing you remember them. Even if there’s nobody else left who does.”
“When are you enquiring about, Captain?”
Tony scoffs. “Is that what I know? You looked like you were going down, I came in to help. Maybe instead of shoving that stick farther up your ass, you could say thank you.”
“Nice comeback,” is all Tony says, and Steve doesn’t even know what it’s meant to be a comeback for, just a brief lapse in his brain-to-mouth filter.
“I’ve got the B train,” Steve catches a rat on his shield, tosses it back into the wall with a thud. “Who’s got the 4?”
“True,” he admits. “It’s why we’re in this situation to begin with. But maybe it doesn’t have to be terrible? We work well together in the field, most of the time. You know we do.”
Tony gives her a grin. “When am I not?” he asks, steps into the elevator, and gives her a wave as the doors close on her indignant expression. The grin slides off his face as the elevator starts moving, and he sags momentarily against the wall. As much as he’s glad to be away from the Slideshow of Never-ending Graphs, he’s tired, and behind on half a dozen projects, and the meeting was supposed to be a mostly-uninterrupted hour of quiet work on his phone while a slew of people managed to make math boring in the background.
Tony bites back a retort. It’s such bullshit. Of all the things he knew he was giving up with this – his privacy, his sanity, his sex life – he hadn’t considered this, that he wouldn’t be allowed to relax with an old friend.
Carefully, Steve brushes a hand along Tony’s forehead, like he’s pushing his hair back, his other hand sliding down to rest on Tony’s shoulder. “I think I’d like to see where this goes,” he says at last. “You make me so angry, sometimes, but I think. I think this could be worth something. I like you,” his smile is a little wry. “Probably figured that out, what with,” he drops his hand from Tony’s hair to touch his mouth, and it takes an effort not to lick at his fingertips. “But I do. Like you. And when you and Pepper first split, I thought, maybe, but there was so much going on, and now. Well. I think, right now, sleep, we’ve got to, while we can. But after. After, I’d like to try.”
Steve goes through the forms quickly, signing where instructed, then passes the lot over to Tony to do the same.
After that, it’s surprisingly like most of the other battles they’ve fought against multiple assailants, up to and including SHIELD showing up late to head the evacuation process and add a handful of their own jets to the perimeter guard. Not that Steve can think of anything involving giant pigeons as
“Pleased to meet you, Agent Godfrey,” Steve responds automatically, and she gives him a mock salute. “I’ll pack up a few things in the bedroom, if you’d like to start out here.”
“I’m not hoping to get anything out of this!” Tony all but explodes, can’t quite contain it any longer, somehow manages not to yank his hand out of Rhodey’s grip. “This wasn’t my idea! It wasn’t even
Maybe that’s why the sight of Steve flirting with a woman Tony doesn’t know over by the bar doesn’t feel so much like a slap in the face as a slow sinking in the pit of his stomach. Like he was waiting for this. The focus on them has been steadily shifting away to other, newer things in the past few weeks, and while they still regularly get mobbed by reporters or have pictures of them out and about show up on all the gossip sites, society itself is less interested. Tony was hoping that might mean attending fewer fancy events, but Steve, who so clearly was uncomfortable with all the attention, seems to be enjoying himself now that he’s just one of the crowd.
“Tony,” Steve sounds relieved. He pulls away a little, sitting back on his heels, and Tony realizes he had been crouched on the floor, leaning over him. Which is a little odd, because Tony’s pretty sure he had been standing just a moment before, and now he’s sitting on the floor, with no recollection of how he got there.
“You think you can find out what's coming?” Steve asks, serious.
Tony snorts. “That’s ridiculous,” he says.
“I am but my dad's Cuban, mom's Venezuelan. It’s kind of a hard thing to shake,” he adds, his voice just faltering a little. Rhodey doesn’t dig any more into it.
“Well, we’re not imprisoned here, either,” he refutes. “It’s just some hours, I’ll be back before the sun starts to open its pretty little eyes,” he says. Rhodey’s sleepy enough to picture an actual sun blinking.
He makes a breakthrough – as JARVIS predicted – in about thirty minutes and he goes to find Bruce, chatting with Thor on the couch.
"Steve, he said a bad language word," Maria jokes from the floor as she points at Clint.
Pierce lets out a soft breath and takes a stool to sit in front of him. “Your work has been a gift to mankind," he says, in a voice that almost conveys admiration.
He throws himself at Jarvis like he’s seven, trapping him with his arms in a hug as tears roll down his cheeks. “Please, don’t leave me,” Tony mutters at his clean, freshly iron vest. “I know I’m terrible and I don’t deserve you but please, Ed, I’ll be better, I’ll behave, I promise,” he starts begging, before he can stop himself.
So, he realizes, maybe he never really was.
“That’s ‘cause he loves the spotlight. The attention brings out the best of him,” Jeannette adds and Tony fake-laughs.
Out of the ocean, a turbine appears and starts, along with other three around the carrier, and takes them off the sea into the sky.
“You look...” Steve trails off but Tony smiles again.
It's his blonde neighbor. "Kate," Steve greets with a polite smile.
“I don’t remember,” Tony mutters, eyeing the rest of the room, see if they’re the only ones there.
It means him, it means a whole world of people, and him.
Bruce smiles at him and nods. It's good to make new friends.
"Yes, he is. But he's not making any headway," Fury answers.
In his lab, the hologram for the gem inside the Scepter vastly surpasses JARVIS's size and shape. This one is made of lines and motion and Tony's never seen anything like it.
"Thank you," Steve mutters, just as warm, and Tony disappears for a few minutes.
Tony cowers afraid and the ship just flies ahead.
Tony stares at nothingness. “I’m chopping my arm off,” Tony deadpans, making to walk to the worktable but they put their hands on his chest.
Like he’s been practicing this conversation before.
Tony just opens his arms at him, as if that is a viable answer.
,” he says, knowing.
“Hey, boss, Pep— oh,” the man in the black suit says, interrupting himself once he notices Tony’s not alone.
And as soon as he wakes up, the next day —the first day of the brand new and promising 2000—, he finds her working on her computer, in her underwear and a white robe.
Tony looks at him and then back at Rhodey before nodding with a tired sigh.
"Steve," Peggy calls from behind him, in a sweet, foreign voice.
They look at each other, a few feet away, knowing they’ve gone miles for the past few months.
It takes his body a few seconds to stop feeling numb but he manages to sit up on the bed.
"The timetable has moved. Our window is limited," Pierce explains, pouring himself a glass of milk and then drinking it.
Maybe everybody assumes that the whole soulmate deal is easy business. By God, Steve himself thought it’d be like that. But reality had other plans. Mainly his soulmate not being that into him.
“I didn’t touch you,” he says, vaguely.
Tony shrugs in response. “Hopefully good by now. I’m getting him a smoothie,” he says.
A mission to get done.
There's a truth that makes him sick in his stomach.
"And I tried to kill mine,” Rhodey interrupts, remembering with a knot in his throat, turning to Tony, who’s looking back at him attentively.  “Remember? When I got the suit and Vanko hacked into it? I was shooting at you and I was shooting to kill," Rhodey reminds him.
Natasha nods, but her eyes look fallen. Everyone around him is absolutely beat.
“What do you mean?” Rhodey asks, a weird nervous chuckle.
He gets a few days off before he has to go back to Edwards for new missions; does a bit of reading on what’s been going on with the world and is about to book a flight to New York when the news on the TV catch his attention.
Plus, it's just a few months. It's not like a lot can happen before they see each other again.
falls from the sky, in all his shiny glory, to the sound of loud music coming from the jet, and blasts Loki off his feet.
Steve nods slowly. “What, making more rooms for us?”
“Yeah,” Tony answers, a proud smile.
He hears a deep sigh on the other line and waits a few seconds when Peggy goes, warmly: "You're late."
"It's your bed, right?" Sam asks.
His father gives a quick glance at him and his eyebrows rise. “Oh, Tony, thought you were Jarvis for a second there,” he says, the cigar hanging on his mouth.
“You must be Mister Rhodes,” the old man greets in a British accent, offering his hand for Rhodey to shake.
"No, that's the thing, whatever— Rhodey, did you come to ask me about my love-life or because something is troubling you?"
“Hello?” he says, his heart racing.
“Sir, Captain Rogers has arrived,” his AI says and Tony stares at the screen.
Tony’s heart nearly stops. “Is he—” he can’t even utter the words.
They click their glasses just before JARVIS comes up again. “Sir, the telephone— I'm afraid my protocols are being overwritten,” he says.
Tony leaves quietly, stepping on his tiptoes, doing his best to avoid stepping on the high heels and broken glasses and the rest of the mess lying on the carpeted floor, just shy of the sun finishing its rise.
At that, Tony tries his best not to laugh and frown at the same time. “Well, now my interest is even more piqued,” he simply adds.
“If that’s true, please do me a favor?”
Tony frowns. “Like a reactor?”
‘Damn, you did it, Rhodes,’ he tells himself in the mirror, allowing himself just a little bit of excitement before he has to put his cool and collected mask on. He steps into the cold shower and pays no mind to the tug on his arm, the nervous butterflies floating freely in his empty stomach.
Rhodey puts his hand on his shoulder and kneels in front of him. “Next time you ride with me, okay?” he tells him, his throat closing in a knot before he pulls Tony closer, to rest his forehead on Rhodey’s collarbone.
“Tony,” Pepper calls, hands on Tony’s chest.
But then he’s pulled out of his head when the phone rings.
And Steve, gladly, obeyed that order.
“Impressive, Rhodes,” his superior says, at the end of the day.
He sits up straight and finds Rogers pushing himself back up. “Put on the suit,” the Captain commands, but this time his voice is entirely different.
He knew that, eventually, people were going to start questioning what they did. In fact, after New York, he realized the wreckage their battles left behind needed to be taken care of.
It used to mean someone – someone important. Him. No, someone else. Friends, brothers in arms. No. His grandfather.
“What is this?” Tony interrupts, expecting the final blow.
Rhodey leans towards Tony again as he signs the drawing. “Listen, the Pentagon is scared,” he says, trying to get Tony to understand. “After what happened in New York— aliens, come on. They need to look strong. Stopping the Mandarin is priority, but it's not—” Rhodey trails, trying to find the right words.
"Sounds like a good plan," Tony gives.
wants to feel,
“The Dodgers take the lead, 8-4. Oh, Dodgers! Everyone is on their feet. What a game we have here today, folks. What a game indeed,” the voice on the radio says.
Sweaty hair on his face, he begins standing up before it all turns to chaos.
Sam nods at him once more then he wets his lips with his tongue before he goes: "Marvin Gaye, 1972, Trouble Man soundtrack," Steve takes the recommendation and takes his tiny notebook out of his pocket. "Everything you missed jammed into one album."
Handsome, rich Tony. Being shot down before Steve could do a damn thing about it.
"Gentlemen, this is Laura," Clint introduces her, his arm around her shoulder.
Tony sighs before he tells the Agent: “Official consulting hours are between eight and five every other Thursday.”
“Well, I’m not ashamed, either,” Coulson adds, but he looks annoyed. “Anyways, I was wondering if you could sign them for me,” he asks, going back to his friendly voice. “I mean, if it’s not too much trouble,” he adds.
“Listen, I get it. You don’t wanna talk about it. It’s fine,” Tony tries to reassure but Steve’s eyes are lost somewhere else.
And just like that, he remembers how his story ends every time.
Tony scoffs. "Whatever for?" he says, waving a hand off. "That alone was the best sexual experience of my life. And I didn't even come," he adds and it's some kind of sweet.
“Best friend who tried to kill him—"
"Did you bring Auntie Nat?" the girl asks quietly and Natasha steps from behind Steve.
“I assume. Light her up,” Tony asks and Pepper does. In all the shiny, big metropolis of New York, the Stark Tower lights up, standing out from the rest.
Steve’s been dying and dying all over him every night and there’s still a part of him that wants him dead.
He's entirely washed over an incredible, completely exciting, rush of feelings and sensations unlike any other thing he's ever felt. Being inside Tony was like throwing yourself off a three thousand high waterfall, with a whirlpool of lava waiting for you below in case gravity alone didn't kill you.
With his hand clawed on his shoulder, he drives him to his room— to his cell. There are gray plastic boxes all over the room and a chair with machinery and equipment to the right.
Natasha moves on her seat. "Yeah, I bet he—" she taps on the keyboard. "Yeah. Everything we had on Strucker's been erased," she tells them.
“What?” Pepper asks, frowning.
Tony waves him off. “Oh, please, like she’s gonna last more than two weeks with me. You really believe there’s anyone other than you and Jarvis capable of standing me for more than a few months?” he asks, rhetorically.
He presses his lips into a thin line, his smile fading, and Steve eyes him. “Tony, I wouldn’t try to get rid of the mark,” he says, his voice steady, answering the unasked question.
“Mhm, especially not now that he and Steve started getting it on," Clint says, pointing at Steve by the end of the table with his thumb.
“If he can wield the hammer, he can keep the Mind Stone,” Thor concludes. “It's safe with the Vision and these days, safe is in short supply,” he adds, in a more sober tone.
As she exits the car, she spots a giant bunny outside the house and takes a deep breath.
It seems to convince her enough but she still looks at him like he's death itself. He figures he deserves that.
And then he spots him, sitting by the bar, sipping on a whiskey, dressed in a tailored black tuxedo with a white shirt underneath.
But, “Yeah, at least you got me,” Rhodey tells him, a hand on his shoulder. Tony smiles widely and his eyes shine behind the huge black glasses.
But he had managed to make Rhodey feel nervous. What the hell were they going to ask from him now?
"I'm gonna show the girl to one of the guest rooms," Natasha informs them, rubbing her neck. Then she moves her head, motioning for Wanda to follow her to the elevator.
"Guys, I got Strucker," Cap says in his ear.
Steve looks up and holds his legs tighter. "I'll be. Don't worry," he assures him.
“That sounds better. It’ll give our big green friend time to come back,” Thor agrees with a hopeful smile and then he's gone.
So they begin to work together.
A second later, he was falling asleep to the feeling of Tony breathing evenly on his chest and the smell of Tony’s hair.
Steve takes that well enough and smiles. Tony leaves before he gets far too used to Steve’s soft morning eyes.
The fucking game they’re playing with him, up there? It ain’t funny anymore.
“I said I was sorry,” Tony repeats before one of the flight attendants shows up.
"It means the mark can be read as a vulnerability. And in your line of work you don't need that, right? So you must build these walls around you, keep your truths to yourself. It's protection," he says and Natasha stares at him like he's only half-wrong.
Tony gives him a lopsided smile. “That’s great to hear. Because I just got off the phone with Natasha and she’s finally said yes to my offer,” he shares.
Her soulmate is within arm's reach.
Tony does half a shake and goes: "I'm afraid of that every time we got out to work." Steve's eyes turn even more lost. "No. It's more than that. I'm afraid for Pepper, Maya, everyone who can't protect themselves."
HELLO AGAIN! I hope you guys had nice holidays.
Tony sees it. “Down in Strucker's lab, I saw some fairly advanced robotics work,” he shares and Bruce keeps on looking at the gem. “They deep-sixed the data, but— I gotta guess he was knocking on a very particular door,” Tony adds.
He looks at the godawful new design for his suit and feels like this is more than what he bargained for.
All Rhodey can think about is that he should’ve been there.
“The Phillies have managed to tie up at 4-4. But the Dodgers have three men on. Pearson beaned Reiser in Philadelphia last month. Wouldn't the youngster like a hit here to return the favour?” the voice sounds around the room and it clicks, he remembers that, his first time on a baseball field. He turns to the window and then realizes the voice is coming out of the radio. “Pete leans in. Here's the pitch. Swung on. A line to the right. And it gets past Rizzo. Three runs will score. Reiser heads to third. Durocher's going to wave him in. Here comes the relay, but they won't get him”, the man says, right before a woman sweeps into the room.
“Don't hate. I helped design Veronica,” Bruce says.
"Nothing. Nevermind, let's just— go to sleep. Goodnight," Tony says quickly, turning to the switch by the table to turn off the lights and lay down on the bed.
Rhodey looks into Tony's eyes and he can’t remember the last time a mission felt so hard on him.
“What do I call you?” Tony asks, about seventeen days late.
"Shit. How long had it been?" Tony asks, pointing at Rhodey's wrist with his chin.
Tony hears the blast somewhere far to his left.
“What about the war? Did we win?”
