In fact, Castiel quickly realized that Rambler’s story really put him at ease. Again and again, he realized how good Rambler was at mesmerizing and enchanting him with words and completely inspiring him to think in new ways. So he finally fell asleep with a smile on his face.
"No,“ Castiel said, narrowing his eyes. That was a rude answer, he found. "I mean. Yes, I want to continue talking to you, but this is not the best topic. My-“ He wanted to say sister, but family topics still brought more pressure to a situation. Besides, he’d have to elaborate for that, and he didn’t want to scare Dean away with sad life stories at the very beginning of their friendship.
For task 10, he got on a crowded bus to yell "Fucking watch where you’re going and learn some basic manners!“ at a rude man for pushing him. Great task, easy to solve. Kinda satisfying.
Why hadn’t he stopped Cas? Taken by surprise or not, he should have done something. He was such an idiot. He cursed himself inwardly with words that were better left unsaid aloud. No. This wasn’t right. He shouldn’t scold himself. Boston was a big city, and he had no idea where Cas had gone. Maybe he should trust Cas after all. Maybe he should fix Baby and hope for the best.
Some receipts when the three of them had been in a diner. A printed out version of a children’s fairy tale. A photograph of Sam, him and Dean in the bunker. A newspaper article about a large bee-keeping. A small booklet about lore. One of Dean’s bracelets, which Dean had given him in a knee-jerk reaction because Cas had stared at it so intriguedly, always speculating about how much of Dean he recognized in it, whatever that meant.
Castiel turned around to face his brother. By now Castiel had given up trying to figure out how his brother so often found him instinctively, even though he couldn’t possibly know where he was. It was probably because of their sibling bond. As in 89 percent of all cases, Gabriel greeted him with a dirty grin.
“Now don’t look like that. I’m not a goth girl. There’s just something wicked about it that totally turns me on.“
"Dean, you were the one who originally wanted to stick with the old research methods. It wasn’t until I-“ He kissed Cas, a little too passionately for an audience, but he didn’t care.
Contrary to his impression that he had scared him off with his words, Cas’s eyes possessed a warm expression.
Dean kissed him, shutting up his adorable monologue. Fuck, he loved Cas so much, all his remarks and the movements and everything.
All the time he smelled him, more clearly than ever. There was the familiar scent, lemon balm and pine, but also some hints of sweat, a musky tone and remaining tones of his shower foam. Castiel felt, and smelled and heard so much in his mind, in this room and with his heart he suppressed the urge to chuckle and cry simultaneously.
His mother really had a talent of bringing up the hurtful topics considering his writing and his past too often. It was hard for him, reflecting on the things that had happened and almost ruined him. She couldn’t let it go. He was 33 years old, and she judged the roads he’d taken and the barriers he had been forced to build as if he were a teenager. Fortunately, he had learned during college to block her out in such situations. Otherwise, Castiel would probably still feel lost – more lost than now, to be specific.
Well, I just wanted to put the first chapter out there. I hope there are people who are interested in this – since this motivates and encourages me A LOT. :)
We were in this community room that was popularly used for celebrations of this nature. Music was playing in the background, awful music. Much too post-processed, one could hardly recognize the voices of the performers, let alone the instruments, if there should have been any real ones at all.
Watch "Rebel Without a Cause“. Not gonna say much about that one, it’s rather self-explanatory why I like the movie. It’s all about dysfunctional families, responsibilities, searching and finding real father figures, rebelling and/or breaking free from patterns, the (emotional) confusion and also about abandonment. About finding oneself and about tolerance. Just, ya know, watch it. It’s not a movie for every day, though. Not gonna lie, for me, it always involves tissues (and sometimes ice cream). Still, it’s a damn good movie.
At that moment, his heart ached so much, longed for Rambler so much, that he felt dizzy. In order to do something meaningful, he made himself a late dinner. For indeed he had not eaten since early afternoon. Of course, as he cooked in the middle of the night, he reflected on Rambler’s cooking tips and recipes that he had sent him on so many occasions.
"Buddy, you’re literally the best thing that’s ever happened to me.“ Okay. Weird. Not the best thing to say so soon. "You know that. And don’t tell me anything about regret. The only thing I regret is that I didn’t punch 'em when I had the chance. I was angry at them, not
Again everything spun, and he sank to the ground, feeling as if quicksand was pulling him further and further down, taking away all control of his body.
"Hello from me, too.“ Now he was looking directly at them, and Dean immediately noticed his dark eyes. He also wore glasses with black rims. "We are glad that you are interested in the club. By the way, our club is called "
He rolled to the side, laid down on his stomach, so he could still face the screen. "Climb on my back, it’s easier then.“
"It was an expression. Damn, you are still so oblivious, and fuck, I- You’re so you. There is no one like you. No one I need this way. Why can’t you see that?“ Dean had only muttered the last words, and inhaled sharply. "Terrific. I wasn’t gonna say that out loud.“
"Cas,“ Dean whispered, and his feelings got the better of him. He went to him in a hurry, stopping right in front of him.
"Nope, not on my watch. You, my very best friend, will sleep in a bed tonight. C’mere. Bed’s big enough. Unless you don’t want me to sleep here too. Then I’ll go to the sofa.“
A small smile stole onto Dean’s lips. His inner forlornness, the dark shadow that had once again taken hold of him, made way for a small glimmer of hope. He would never get rid of his nightmares, but in the meantime they no longer captured him entirely. It was one of those days when he missed, but that longing was a part of him.
No obligations, he had his freedoms and could do whatever he wanted. Dammit, he could also talk himself into something. To stay to the truth: There were enough moments, especially when he lay awake at night, when he wished things were different. Still, he just wasn’t the type to obsessively look for a girlfriend or boyfriend. After all, in his opinion, that could only go wrong, at least as far as he was concerned.
Dean raised the cell phone another time, counted to three, and kissed Cas on the cheek as he pulled the button. Then he put his free hand to Cas‘ cheek, smiled, and kissed him directly on the mouth, taking another picture.
Various rock songs like "Sultans Of Swing" by Dire Straits followed, in which Castiel found great pleasure. In between, he heard familiar blues sounds, including John Lee Hooker, Calvin Russell and John Hiatt, and Castiel was extremely pleased that Dean shared his taste.
Dean had folded his arms in front of his chest and gazed at him for what felt like two minutes. Normally, Castiel felt uncomfortable when being looked at like that, but Dean always gave him good, very good feelings.
He looked at Cas, who didn’t seem to understand anything at this moment. "Trust me on this, Cas,“ he murmured reassuringly, now taking Cas‘ hand in his. He stroked it a few times and interlaced their fingers.
He came to a halt in front of the table of idiots and placed himself right next to the spokesman of them. He placed the plate and the glass directly in front of him, grinning at him. "Ya know. You guys seemed so interested in our cocks and asses. I figured you needed something to feed your imagination.“
The other now pressed up against him from behind and rested his hands on his waist. With his butt Castiel only nestled closer to his body. So close that no leaf would have fit between them. On the back of his neck Castiel felt his breath, warm as a foehn wind. Gentle and soothing.
"What the hell! You weren’t interested in sex at all when I first met you, and now you’re having wet dreams about guys.“
Sighing, he turned to Tim's parents, mainly looking at his father. "I’m sorry for intruding your son’s birthday like that. My- um, a friend of mine is challenging me today. I’m supposed to spread happiness and stuff. So, there’s that.“
Dean had already been completely taken in by Pamela’s introduction, because Pamela obviously knew something about rhetoric and how to inspire people. Gordon, on the other hand, was more level-headed, although he also seemed talkative. After the introductions were over, the other members briefly explained what book they were reading.
If Dean was only halfway as happy as Castiel was when communicating with RambleOn – it really must be a good man Dean had met.
Grumbling, he pulled on a pair of jeans and a T-shirt. Outside, he was met with an unusual sight. Hanna, dressed in his clothes, was standing in the entryway talking to Sam, who looked somewhat confused.
"My loved one I’m imagining right now. Sitting across from you,“ he replied, turning to Hanna. Then he thought of Cas sitting in the kitchen and his heart got warm.
"Castiel.“ Again he used Cas‘ full name, he didn’t know why exactly, just knew that he was so emotionally charged right now that everything inside him was rumbling and wanted to surface.
“Nothing. It’s just that a- friend of mine also likes music like that. He actually digs Blues, in particular. I guess, I can see the appeal.“
Dean was so eloquent, and Castiel felt dumb-founded by his way to express himself. It was seldom, very seldom his conversation partner would draw conclusions and develop thoughts even faster and with more profundity than he did.
Okay, yeah, he was definitely interested. It was time. Dean decided, it was time for the next step on his healing road. On his journey to happiness.
Hence, he put his arm around Cas‘ shoulders again and this time, he stayed this way. Cas didn’t flinch, but he also didn’t say anything or lean into the touch, and now Dean was hurt. Meanwhile, everything in Dean was yearning for Cas. He sighed and pinched his nose. "Dammit, Cas!“
"Dean,“ Cas started to speak again, and the tenderness in his voice gave Dean the goosebumps of the decade. Fuck. "You were screaming, or rather yelling. Very loudly. Like a wild bear. And I thought you were in pain, hence I came to look after you.“
He saw pictures that didn’t really show a place, but that expressed so much. That reminded him of light, even though the image itself had no colors except the angel’s.
He declared he wanted to celebrate with a drink and Sam agreed with him, more happily than usual. Dean put on the cozy blue-green flannel he’d found in this bag earlier. He couldn’t remember buying it, but he loved the soft material, it felt so terrific on his skin.
"Fine, have it your way. But I’ll still prepare something in the direction of the injunction. Please send me again in detail what you remember from the encounters. All right?“
“Keep it,“ Cas said sincerely. “Until next time.“ Then he smiled openly, and Dean felt so warm inside.
Then he shook his head, took a deep breath. "Cas, you gotta stop looking at me like that. I swear to God, I’m only human.“ Normally Castiel would have laughed at the comment, but now he felt he couldn’t.
After he had made some errands in the grocery store, Dean finally took care of his own room. For a moment he was confused because he was sure he hadn’t put a new bulb in his nightstand lamp. It finally could light the room again, and that was another good thing happening to him today.
Dean winced briefly since he definitely wasn’t expecting company up here. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed a movement and carefully turned to the side while removing his headphones. He quickly checked the guy’s appearance. Standing in front of him was a man in his thirties, medium length hair, fancy leather jacket and the coolest Chelsea boots Dean had seen in a long time. He liked the outfit, and the guy’s eyes were friendly and warm.
Was the fact Cas wrote this book the reason he felt so comfortable with Cas since the very beginning? The reason he felt like he knew him?
His voice had sounded very smoky and even deeper than usual. And really, why were their roles turned? Dean was supposed to be all flirty and cheeky, and he had wanted to throw himself over Cas‘ body and show him the very best french kiss.
However, there would never be THE perfect time to meet, and every meeting with RambleOnIm67 would be magical and beautiful since it was him Castiel would see. Castiel was sure of it.
"I agree with Sam,“ Cas interrupted them. "He is a true hero, pure to the core. I enjoy watching him take care of Frodo.“ Honestly, who would contradict Cas‘ sincerity?
"Cas, I want you to know that- I need you so much. But not in the way that you feel obligated to do something for me. I need you as you. I need you because you get me – and you’re fantastic. Please, don’t forget this even if I’m-“
Dean’s lips were calmer now, his hands feather-like on his bare skin. Being kissed so tenderly felt wonderful and inexplicable. "Mmm," Dean breathed. "Mmm.“ And the sound vibrated against Castiel’s lips, flowed into him like a wave, churning him up.
"You don’t say.“ Then Dean lowered his head and whispered, "Just follow my lead. We’re getting the best tree they have.“
Cas had interrupted any action, just studied him with raised eyebrows. His lips were even more swollen and looked incredibly sensual. Carefully, Dean stroked his torso, exploring his neck extensively, letting his tongue roam over his ears. Cas’s sighs, his voice low and rough, animated Dean to continue.
Sam looked up from his newspaper and pointed to the burger. "Fine. Be my guest.“ Dean muttered "Fantastic.“ and maybe today was his name day or something. Once he took a bite, he moaned. "Delicious.“ It tasted even better than his own, maybe because he had been able to wangle it off Sam.
Castiel felt his cheeks grow warm. "Like you said: The bed is big enough. I am not going to argue with your logic.“
Let’s just say the things he writes about and includes (that goes for the movies as well) aren’t mere coincidence – and he sends (at least subconsciously) some messages/signals there. :D :D
"Oh, you will like that one.“ He briefly described what else had happened in the diner, whereupon Cas burst out laughing.
Hence, Dean pulled one corner of his mouth upwards, clicked his tongue and let himself slide on the sofa once more. "Don’t be ridiculous, Dean. You can’t always run away, it’s childish,“ Cas commented.
Dean shook his head and stared at his phone in disbelief. Angel couldn’t be serious. What was the point of him taking off his shoes? For the moment, it didn’t make much sense to him.
They still had to figure everything out. How Cas had gotten out of Purgatory. How they were supposed to deal with the tablet stuff, how they would stop Crowley and banish the demons. But they would figure it out. Together.
"Jeez!“ Dean exclaimed immediately. He chuckled, and Castiel could never get enough of this sound. Dean didn’t say anything further, simply breathed.
"Okay,“ Castiel replied, deciding that he couldn’t possibly feel any worse. That he wanted to know what Dean had meant by his comment.
Panting, Castiel closed the door behind him. The first thing he noticed was the loud background noise. No noise he wanted to escape, rather the sounds resembled many buzzing bees, the rustling of leaves underfoot, and a rhythmic clicking like an old pendulum clock. He was in some sort of youth center, or so it seemed to Castiel.
“I dreamed of you,” Dean muttered before he could change his mind. “We were at a spot on a meadow, near a lake, you were embracing me. And you only wore your shirt and the tie. And your trousers that emphasize your ass all too well. We were kissing and talking, and then we kissed some more. No wonder considering how inviting your lips are.” The flirting was so natural between them, even more so now. Dean knew he was rambling again, but for a change he didn’t care.
"There was and always will be that bond between us. The profound bond how you called it. Do you know what Hermann Hesse wrote? "No matter how close two human beings may be, there is always a gulf between them which only love can bridge, and that only from hour to hour.“ Cas, as I see it, our footbridge is made of diamond.“
Castiel shook his head at Gabriel’s usually very direct and vulgar speech, hoping that no one had overheard their conversation. He continued to walk through the rows, loading a few violets and other balcony plants into his cart.
Later Cas murmured in his ear, "I always liked the backseat of the impala.“ Dean had a lump in his throat, but Cas already kissed him, kissed him like the world was going to end.
They made out for hours, only kissing and touching, but it was so hot and thrilling, and Dean didn’t want to do anything else anymore.
Sam smiled at him, stood up and hugged him tightly. "I see that. You deserve it, man, you of all people.“ Dean grinned, feeling awkward and blissful at the same time. "Appreciate it, thanks.“
"Marlin?“ There was silence on the other end of the line, and for a second Dean thought Charlie had just hung up on him. Which would certainly have been the better option in this situation. Instead, Charlie squealed, several times, causing Dean to roll his eyes.
Finally, he had an answer as to why he discovered a snow angel every morning. Again he looked at her face – enlightened with a smile – and he knew he was home. He saw her coming closer, approaching him in a magical and intriguing manner. Finally, she stood before him, greeted him only with a tiny smile and her hand on his shoulder.
At that moment, he wished he knew more about cars, but to him, cars were mysterious; he didn’t know different models, let alone could philosophize about any specifics. Gabriel certainly could have given him a leg up here, but his brother wasn’t here.
For the 14th task, Dean went to a hotel and climbed all the stairs up to the roof terrace. When he was at the top, he read the reason for this task. Angel explained to him that with all his attention to detail, he still always had the big picture in mind. Because his mind was so comprehensive.
They sat down on the ground, and looked towards the water. The sun was slowly setting, and beautiful red tones were forming on the horizon.
And then they explored each other. Slowly, without haste. Because now they didn’t let the time pass, instead, they used it in their favor.
"Dean, the long-haired man here says you’re his brother. I could see a certain resemblance, but I didn’t want to let strange men run through the bunker.“
"All Along the Watchtower“ by Bob Dylan, covered by Jimi Hendrix (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLV4_xaYynY)
Christmas and the holiday season belong to my favorite times of the year. So writing a longer Christmas fic for these two dumbasses (affectionate!) was such a delight. :))
Cas paused and smiled slightly, taking one deep breath. "I love you, Dean. I’m falling in love with you more and more every single day.“
He let out an appreciative whistle. "Damn!“ In front of him was a dark red 1956 Bentley S1 Saloon. A fucking beautiful car.
And then he felt angry once more because why the hell would his mind create those sickening thoughts? Dean was a lost cause.
They stopped at a kind of snack bar where Dean studied the blackboard intently. He gave Castiel a look so full of mischief and adoration that Castiel felt like he was on a secret mission or adventure of which they were the spectacular protagonists. Thoughts of their conversations about Indiana Jones and secret agents came to his mind and he shook his head, laughing. Dean eyed him with a smirk and linked arms with him. Goosebumps formed on his body at this casual display of closeness in public.
Castiel tilted his head in confusion. He didn’t know if he liked how hopeful and sincere Dean’s voice had sounded. "Explain,“ he pleaded.
By now, Dean was in a kind of trance, unable to do anything except surrender to Cas‘ touch. Carefully but firmly Cas pulled down his pants, whistling appreciatively at the sight of his legs. And that simple sound turned Dean on so much it made him dizzy. Cas desired him. Him.
Castiel felt that the clasp around his heart lifted. "Thank you. That is such an honor.“ Castiel smiled.
Cas had already gotten into a cab and a few seconds later was no longer to be seen. Dean stood in the parking lot, unable to form a clear thought. What was going on here?
Dean had tried to put aside the yearning for Cas as something buddies felt on occasion. He really had tried. But the more time he spent missing Cas, the more intense the emotions got.
"Prepared, yes, Dean, I know your fucking mantra. Seriously, sometimes I wish you would be your old hunter self and not this-“
“Now what?“ asked Dean, spellbound. Cas took his time answering, so Dean had a hard time assessing how he had intended to finish the sentence. At the same time, his thoughts were whirring, causing his concentration to wane.
Dean’s heartbeat accelerated. He really could have this. He could be with Cas. He could be happy. He could be complete.
Dean cleared his throat, lowering his gaze as if on cue, before staring at him again. As if just confirming his statement, they held eye contact again. It was long and intense, indeed.
It’s as if the night is your confidante, as if in her presence, you reveal all that you might not otherwise consider worth mentioning. Which is wrong because the very deepest thoughts you cherish are the ones that stick with me. The ones that enchant me. I think it’s in those moments that I long for you the most, if one can put it that way.
"And I thought it was the perfect way of telling you without using actual words. As you know I’m not good at talking bout my feelings. I just wanted to show you that you are different, ya know. That you mean more to me than other people on this planet. That you make me feel things I didn’t know before. I just didn’t wanna admit it to myself. I thought I wasn’t worthy of good things. You.“
Cas started laughing again, this time it was so loud it echoed from the trees, and had to be heard in the streets nearby. The thought made Dean smile despite his nervousness he’d developed in the last few seconds. He had to say something meaningful, something to show Cas he was grateful for all the effort and thought he put into his ideas. He wasn’t good with words and that was the problem.
Castiel's eyes rove over his body, tense now in its repose, but not in fear. More like a coiled spring, waiting to be pounced upon, and Castiel meets his gaze again without guile. "Most definitely."
"Point taken." Balthazar raises his hands in mock defense. "Just tell me why else you would be obsessed with this human that has no interest in sleeping with you?"
He's not proud of the way he feigns sleep when Sam gets home and comes to bed, nor of the way he sulks silently when Sam's breathing evens out as he falls asleep, or the way he broods in the dark while his own slumber dances just out of reach. He listens to the night sounds outside his window, one in particular that seems out of place, like the hoot of an owl. He glances at the clock, nearing midnight, and finally remembers the thing that he's been dreading for the last few weeks.
The meal is less tense without Sam and John glaring at each other, but only just. Dean excuses himself to help Kate wash dishes as John takes Adam into the living room to watch football, but she doesn’t say anything as they clear the table and put all the leftovers in appropriately sized containers. Not until she’s rinsing things in the sink and handing them over for Dean to put into the dishwasher.
They pull the queen-sized mattress from John's old bedroom out first, maneuvering as best they can in the dark. Dean bounces his elbow off the door frame trying to exit through it backwards, swearing under his breath first at the pain and then at Cas' low laughter.
"No, you don't," Sam says. "You think he does all these things because he cares about you, but that's not really it. Not all of it, anyway. He thinks you don't care about
"Yeah, man, how've you been?" The smile returns, wide and genuine as Dean busies himself pulling the tap to fill a pint glass with dark gold liquid, perfectly topped with just the right amount of foam. "I haven't seen you in, jeez, over a decade at least, right?"
as the wind is knocked out of him, blinking up at Dean in confusion as the rest of the group goes completely still. He stares them down, making eye contact with each one, and realizes that there are actually six more still standing. Well then. Lucky seven.
"Like right now. Whenever you're in the passenger seat I have this compulsion to reach over and put my hand on your leg. Just a natural inclination to reach out and touch. Or you'll already have your hand on your leg like you do now, and then I think about what it would be like to reach over and put mine over yours. Slip it underneath your palm, let our fingers intertwine."
"I grew up here," he says without thinking, realizing too late he shouldn't have and trying to deflect. "At least I didn't come here on purpose, like I'm trying to hide from something. Wait. Is that why you're leaving? You're on the run, and you think they've caught up?" Dean moves towards him, but Darkwing takes a few steps back. "Hey, look. Talk to me, maybe I can help." That chiselled jaw clenches as he turns away.
"Oh, but I'm very real, I can assure you," the man says, taking a step forward and gracefully holding out one tightly gloved hand, his long fingers curled slightly in invitation. "Would you like to touch for yourself?"
"Look, I really don't know how much of what Dad ever told me about them was true, or what was twisted because of his own bitter relationship with them. I just know that the research you and Sam have done on them suggests that some of their beliefs are bizarre."
“Christ. I can’t be in the same room with you for twenty straight minutes.” They both laugh, comfortable with their usual routine, and Dean almost forgets why they’re there. “Can’t believe you got rid of the only person who could stand to be around you for any length of time.”
"I fear all this will end in tears, one way or another, and even if they're not yours, you will hate yourself for causing them."
"I see we've reached the regressive stage where you talk like you're four." Dean's only had one beer because he has to patrol, and he knows from experience that being around drunk people is only fun when you, yourself, are also drunk. He clenches his jaw as he pulls out of the lot, the midnight street already deserted even on a Friday night.
Dean is still half asleep as they enter a small cottage, and Mildred stands him before the fire, helping him to pull off his shirt and get out of his hose.
"Alright, alright, break it up, Jesus. One of these days I'm going to put you both in the sparring ring with those giant, cartoon boxing gloves and just let you whale on each other for my entertainment, but not today. If there's nothing else for you to fight about I'd like to go over something."
“You must be Cas,” he says, putting the drinks down carefully before sliding into his seat and reaching out to shake hands. “Dean told me you went to Carver with us? I was a few years behind but Dean’s friends were always at the house.” He looks at Cas carefully, then shakes his head. “Sorry, I thought I’d remember you when I saw your face but I’m drawing a blank.”
He’d never imagined, as he walked out of the store years ago with a bag full of dress shirts and ties and a ticket to pick up his altered suits later, that eventually they’d just be sitting in his closet while he worked from home in a pair of fuzzy socks and a worn out set of cat pajamas. Now the only concession he makes to business attire is during the afternoon conference call every Thursday when he changes into a dress shirt and tie for twenty minutes, then hangs them back up to wear again the next week. In six months not a single person has noticed that it's the exact same shirt and tie, even though the collar has lost its starched look from being taken on and off the hanger so many times, and the tie never changes. Clearly everyone else on the call each week is far too interested in how their own image presents in the bottom corner of the screen to take any notice of his. Zach Adler attends every call in a full three piece suit, clearly visible the three or four times he has to get up from his desk, since he never seems to be fully prepared. Cas is almost positive he even has dress shoes on, if the clicking on the hardwood floor as he wanders around his home office looking for whatever report he's nattering on about is any indication. Cas smiles into his coffee mug every time he glances down at his own pajama bottoms, well out of frame below his untucked dress shirt, while wearing one of the numerous pairs of novelty slippers that Gabe gives him for Christmas every year as a joke.
"You know," Dean says on an autumn night turned cool, "I've been here now longer than I was ever in my homeland." They’re leaning with their backs against the wall by the hearth, looking out the windows at a moonless sky crowded with stars, and Dean is painfully aware of Castiel’s fingers just a few inches from his own. It’s been months now, this hyper awareness of Castiel’s proximity to him, of wanting to touch and being afraid to try. "Do you miss it?" Castiel asks for the first time in many years.
"You have enemies now?" Dean turns on his side, propping his head on one arm. "You running from the mob?" Cas is lying on his back facing the ceiling, but Dean doesn't miss the sober look that crosses his face in the dim glow from the wood stove. It gives Dean pause, but only for a moment. "You know you can tell me anything, Cas. I'm here for you, no matter what."
"I'm sure you'll find another sap to take my place soon enough." He hates the rasp in his voice, the tremble in his clenched fists as he fights to maintain control over himself. It wouldn't do to punch Dick in the face, no matter how much he deserves it.
"Not to mention that there's still time for you to name a kid after me. Or a bunch of kids and give them all 'Dean' as a middle name, that would work even better."
"I am not pulling some George Foreman shit with all my kids, you'll have to settle for free legal advice."
"I never thought you blushed this far down," Cas replies, and then laughs when Dean's ass reddens further.
When they’d first come back from the labyrinth, Dean had spent a lot of time reading and rereading that story in Sam’s old book, but that hadn’t been all. He’d done as much research as he could while waiting for Sam to do his homework at the local library, and he’d spent some time looking things up online, too. Trying to determine if it had been real, or trying to make sense of it all.
"Yeah, I’m sure they all feel so special to have made out with the great Dean Winchester," Gordon drawls, and Dean can see the jealous glint in his eye. "But I bet you couldn’t tell one from the other in the dark."
"I said I always wanted to know what it felt like to be wanted. So you're trying to give me that experience, because you think no one else will, even though I'm not your type."
"Well, I'm pleased to see that you are finally going to take proper time to see your family, Father Castiel," the man says as he puts the letter aside. "When was the last time you were home?"
"It’s been over a decade, I'm sure he's intelligent enough to realize you're probably not the same guy."
“I just want him to have a good time tonight. There’s a lot on his plate at the moment, and none of it is any fun.”
"Got a room above the shop you can stay in if it suits you. Ain't nothing fancy, just an efficiency apartment, but it comes with the apprenticeship. So"-- he pulls a manila folder out of the top drawer of his desk -- "I've got the paperwork here for you to read over, with all the details and whatnot. You can have your old man go over it if you want his opinion, although since he seems to think you can take care of yourself, I warrant his opinion isn't necessary."
"What the hell does that mean?" he mutters to himself before heading into his room and kicking the door closed behind him.
“We’re...we’re not?” He blinks a few times but Dean doesn’t let go, face inches from his own, and Cas looks at him helplessly, remembering. “What are we talking about?”
Castiel turns back to the dancers, feeling out of place among them, even in his own skin, and wonders if he'll ever be able to pull the veil back down.
“Yeah,” Dean says, seeing an out. “Caught me off guard, needed to make sure I was seeing correctly.”
"Right." Dean’s mind is suddenly filled with the image of this stranger baking shirtless in the middle of the gym, and he’s now terribly conscious of the fact that he’s wearing a brightly colored Christmas sweater with Santa nibbling a cookie on the front of it. “I’ll just, uh.” He reaches for the pen but instead sends it flying off the table and dropping to the floor, where both he and the new arrival stare at it for a moment. The man gives him an indulgent smile before squatting down to retrieve it, then stands up so sinuously that Dean feels all the blood in his body rush to several specific places.
“Cas!” Dean takes him by the shoulders, giving him a slight shake. “I don’t think we’re on the same page, here.”
“Mad respect for her glare game,” Charlie whispers as she puts an overly full glass of wine in front of him before turning away to get his beer.
He smiles sadly. “I should have known you would change it. You always hated being called Celeste.” The trousers and the cap make sense to him now, for even as a child Celeste hated wearing dresses because she couldn’t climb in them, and covered her hair because it always gave her away.
Now there's only the aftermath to deal with. He looks over the piles of papers and sighs before standing up from the table, raising his arms above his head in a long stretch that makes something crack in his lower back. His eyes drift to the foot of the spiral staircase on the other side of the room, but ignores them for now to head into the old quarters. He flicks on the light in the main room, eyes moving over the carpet that probably hasn't been vacuumed for years. There's a battered sofa in the center of the room facing a TV that was new when Dean moved out, and is probably the most well-cared for thing in the whole place. An end table sits to one side, patterned with rings from a thousand glasses set upon it over the years, and in the corner is a wood burning stove with a space heater sitting in front of it, unplugged from the wall.
"Wait!" he says breathlessly. "Tell me who you are." He gets the sinking feeling that if they leave there will be no glass slipper left behind for him to go on. "
Mildred looks at him for a long time before she answers, and Dean doesn’t so much as shuffle his feet as he holds her gaze.
Dean watches Mary pull the door closed, shutting out the torchlight from the corridor, then ponders what she means in the dark until his eyelids grow heavy and he can feel sleep pulling at him. He feels as though he’s only dozed off for a moment when he’s suddenly awake again, as though cold water has been splashed on him. He blinks a few times, letting his eyes adjust to the darkness in the room, and realizes there’s a figure squatting by Sam’s cradle. He freezes, trying to make out its features in the faint moonlight, wondering if this dark shape is what he’s been waiting for all night.
"Cas," he starts, perplexed and confused. "You almost died, man. It's not weakness to recover from a near-death experience."
“Look at you,” Dean teases, bumping his shoulder lightly, leaning into his space to look at three-year old Cas, holding a red balloon out to the person taking the picture, face smeared with frosting and sporting a huge smile. “I prefer pie myself, but to each their own.”
Dean watches Cas carefully over the next few days, trying to gauge his balance, but it seems like Cas is keeping his distance. More distance than ever before, it seems. He won't even make eye contact if he can help it, and that's a sure sign that something's wrong. He wants to take Cas aside and talk to him, try to find out what's wrong, but every time he approaches it seems like Cas discovers a pressing matter that requires his attention in another room.
"Wake up, food's here." Just in time to save him from his maudlin thoughts, and Castiel opens his eyes.
Garth looks like he wants to press, but the clock is ticking so Dean turns his back to uncoil the extension cords, and he seems to get the hint. Focus. He just needs to focus and stop thinking about dark, messy hair and five o'clock shadow, or he'll be a clumsy mess all day.
. I’ve spent the last five years wondering what happened to you! Were you finally bored with me? Did you just get the one thing you wanted? Was it so terrible that you never wanted to think about me again? Did your boyfriend find out we’d been together, and forbidden you to come back? By the way, I thought Balthazar was your boyfriend this entire goddamn time, so thanks for never clarifying that.” Castiel scoffs, but Dean doesn’t smile. “The worst part was wondering if you were dead, because that was the only explanation I could think of that would make all of the others untrue.”
"So, wings, huh?" He can see Cas tense up, though he doesn't struggle against the restraints, as though he knows it's useless. Dean files that tidbit of information away for now. "What do these people want with you, experimentation?"
“But you’re rambling about drinking and Bal and consent and I…” He stops suddenly, eyes darting between Cas’s own, widening as the pieces no doubt fall into place. Cas tenses, seeing the exact moment he makes the connection, bracing against the inevitable onslaught. The next thing Dean says comes out in a strangled whisper. “It was
“Not just animals! Several men, too, but they didn’t arrive the way I did, the way any of us did. They just rode into the bailey early this morning, asking how we all came to be here.” She grabs Dean’s arm in excitement. “Outsiders, just riding in as they please. Do you know what this means? It means we’re free!”
Balthazar sighs, plucking a goblet from a passing tray. "I thought as much. Then you'll need to supply me with something other than wine. What sort of spirits do the humans enjoy?"
"Yeah, I know." John presses away from the table, patting Dean on the shoulder as he walks out of the kitchen.
"I hope you mean your bed," Castiel says, still shocked by his own boldness, even after months of this.
"Hey." It comes out breathless, from the run up the stairs as well as the thrill of seeing those blue eyes again, piercing into him with sharp focus. Cas is wearing a different button down from earlier, with a check pattern, and he's managed a tie where Dean had failed. "Hey, Cas."
They've moved to the living room now, relaxing on the sofa while they watch Sam trying to manage his guilt in the span of a three-by-eight foot space. Dean turns to face her so she can read his lips, though he swears to himself that he'll be taking ASL classes as soon as possible, because Eileen really is worth learning an entire language for.
He stares at her, mind screaming as it dawns on him, ever so slowly. His attraction to Dean that first night was immediate, if not the same as when they were younger, like having a refined version of a dish you loved as a child and enjoying it in a way that’s both satisfying and nostalgic all at once. Just as before, he’d been aggravated by his desire and tried firmly to set it aside, albeit for different reasons. And just as before something unbidden and unseen had crept into his heart, seeping into the cracks of its foundation until it took root and blossomed, turning itself constantly in the direction of its green-eyed sun.
“Not to mention a stunner,” Meg says, digging an elbow into his ribs, and Rowena casts an appreciative glance in her direction.
Dean starts to nod, to tense his leg muscles to push off the bed, but changes course before he actually moves. "I'd like to stay, if you'll let me."
"Oh, of course not, how silly of me. Clearly you are working to perfect your stare of contemptible loathing by turning it on the unsuspecting populace from the balcony, night after night after night." Castiel turns to look at him, and Balthazar snaps his fingers. "That's the one. Truly, it's marvelous just the way it is. Practice makes perfect, I suppose."
He enters the dark condo and leaves his bag next to the door so he doesn't have to stumble through the dark with it, shedding his trench coat as he makes his way to the kitchen and turns on the light above the stove. He'd taken the red eye home to get ahead of the storm front heading their way, but the flight had been turbulent and he's still keyed up even though he's barely slept. The best thing to do is indulge in a cup of hot cocoa before going to bed, warm up his insides and make him sleepy.
“Hardly. I should probably be glad that Dad and Sam are no longer shouting at every meal, but they’ve graduated to silently glaring at each other until the whole room is uncomfortable. At least Adam seems oblivious, blathering on about how he’s going to try out for little league this summer, and asking if I’ll still play catch with him after Sam leaves for school.” He lets his fingers trail in the water, crisp and cool even though the air on his skin is warm.
Dean removes the ring and tucks it into the front pocket of his jeans, handing the empty box to Crowley, who turns it over in his hands with a soft smile as he rubs the velvet.
"Sam, no," he says, shaking his head. "Dad told me that since I was eighteen and had a job I needed to learn to shift for myself after graduation."
"But that means there's so much I can show you," Castiel says with a crooked smile, eyes twinkling with mischief, and Dean can feel sweat breaking out on his upper lip.
Eight hours. Eight hours is all he needs to get through before he can be on his way to Dean. The thought makes him smile to himself, until a glance at his daily planner reminds him that he has a funeral mass this morning.
“Well, you’re special.” In his peripheral vision he can see Castiel look at him strangely, and he bites his lip before he can give himself away any further. So Castiel has found another lover, finally tired of waiting for the human to figure himself out. Dean is just an interesting specimen now, something for the goblin king to observe at a distance, any thought of conquest long forgotten.
"Not particularly. It seems the challenge isn't as hard as I expected, as they were able to reach the end and leave with their family intact." On the other side of the table, Balthazar catches his eye, briefly, and Castiel tilts his head in acknowledgement. "Since then I've been giving serious consideration to the maze's design."
He bolts awake, sitting straight up in bed, his night clothes soaked with sweat and tears, only to find the room empty. He swings his legs off the bed and leaves the cottage abruptly, splashing his face with water from the rain barrel as he tries to get his breathing under control. The sky is just beginning to change in the distance, a precursor to the dawn, when he makes a decision.
"Open it." Puzzled, Dean turns it over, finding the flap merely tucked in and unsealed. He digs it open and pulls out a folded sheet of paper from inside, and as he handles it a check slips out of it and flutters to the floor. That's when it clicks.
"This looks like a lot of work," Benny says late in the afternoon, after he'd returned to the office and looked over all of Dean's plans. "All the plans have merit, though, and I think it's the right call. We've got some time in the schedule at the end of next month that's not booked up yet..."
Putting his head against the door in an aggravated motion, even though he has a smile plastered on his face. “Oh, Cass.” he then looks out of the door and then back to me. “I think we should go before we cause any more problems.”
When I knew Dean in Heaven he was so free and caring, a complete opposite from the one that is sitting besides me with the whole world on his shoulders. But when we stopped in front of a beach to a large lake he finally gave me that award winning smile that I grew to love in Heaven.
He drops me to the floor as I spit up blood that was pooling in my mouth.  I then look up at him as he smiles down at me as his fist comes down and connects with my face making me fall completely to the floor. Not being able to open my eyes I know exactly what is coming next, so instead I try to remember a particular shade of green as everything goes black.
“Why?” My voice comes out robotic as I walk around him to admire the paintings, which of course was a way to distract myself from him.
I will admit that wasn't my greatest memory but it at the same time gave me insight on how loyal Dean Winchester is. This man that I have barely known, and he of me, trusts me enough to go and protect my vessel without so much as a simple please. But that day I had to break him down as I tried to search for another way out of the apocalypse without getting caught by Zachariah or worse Michael.
So now before I continue my order I watch him talk with Bobby, with pain written all over his face knowing Sam is gone to Ruby. Anna was right, I should have gone against Heaven and stopped the 66th seal to break but now it is too late. Some part of me mourns her death knowing some of her blood is on my hands but I couldn't allow myself to think of that at that point. I had one mission and that is to deliver Dean to Michael so that he can fight Lucifer.
“We'll do our job. You just make sure you do yours.” Zachariah says as if he wanted to cut Dean with his words.
He goes to open the door but he pauses as his hand rests on the doorknob, then his eyes find mine in the most intense way. Shifting on my feet I feel small yet again as his eyes look into my very soul, if I had one that is. He then rips his eyes away from me, breaking his spell while moves out of the bathroom leaving me behind. Again I had that panic, that thought that I should just leave him here and find solitude until morning. But my feet have a mind of their own and they begin to follow him out of the bar back to his Impala.
“You don’t need to do this Benjamin.” I scream trying to get out of the Angels grasps, trying with all of my might to stay in Jean so that maybe I can escape to the Winchesters.
“So odds are you're a dead man tomorrow.” He says sitting in the chair opposite of me looking at me worried as I try not to meet his eye.
Running. I was alway good at running. I remember in my youth racing with my older brothers through the grasslands before humanity took over. I remember the feeling of the ozone on my skin as my wings carried me as if I were swimming in the ocean. I also remember running when I found out my brother fell, I now remember the heat as I tried to run to him and save him. But now I am running in hope to protect the one Dean Winchester, in hope that they won't find and force that simple word from his lips.
It is so hard for me to imagine life when Dean Winchester wasn't in it and I have personally known him for just a year. Granted I did watch over him sporadically throughout the years with curiosity as to why he is one of the chosen. But standing in this room shows how brave he truly is, even when he is outmatched by two angels, one being born from archangel grace.
I finally found all of them surrounded by a horde of demons as one continues to torture my vessel Jean. I need to get down there as soon as possible, so I can clean up this area. For a split second I contemplate asking Dean if I can possess him just until everything is all finished here. But then I see Jean's little sister, Kaitlin unconscious tied up to a rusted pipe breathing shallow.
In one swift motion I drop my angel blade waiting for my brother to appear into the home as the place glows brighter with his grace. He then is there standing in front of me as Charles runs to hide behind the sofa in his living room.
“I just thought I'd sit here quietly.” I smile at him as I go back to looking at my hands, trying to make myself busy.
“Because you swore your obedience. So obey.” With that he is gone leaving me and Dean to stare at each other.
“Only for good measure Cassiel.” He says taking a step towards me. “You need to come back to Heaven.”
It's a peculiar feeling that I feel whenever his eyes find mine, almost as if he has me under a spell. He even had this effect on when I first met him in hell, but now it seems almost amplified the longer I am near him, the longer I allow my mind to wander to him.
Every part of me wanted to disobey orders and take him to his brother, in hopes of stopping my brother rising out of hell. Another part wanted my brother back because he was the one to create me out of his grace, he is the sole reason for me existing. But then again millennium has past and he will be angry and wanting revenge on Michael and the others who put him in there. So here I am, stuck in the middle between Heaven and Earth. When every part of me wanted to rebel I fought for the sole knowledge of paradise and nothing else.
We tracked down the used vessel of Raphael’s to a poor man who became debilitated from my brother's massive amount of energy. The poor man had no idea what he had gotten himself into and part of me wanted to help him, to save him from this fate of his. But I had more pressing issues than saving one human when I needed to save six billion. Moving quickly I spoke in ancient enochian into the man's ear, forcing Raphael’s hand to come back down to Earth.
“Cas, hold up.” He touches my arm, making me shiver involuntarily as his green eyes bore into my blue. “What were you gonna tell me?”
“Where am I?” He asks me in his gruff voice with his eyes looking around the room in amazement and horror.
I don’t dare open my eyes as they begin to strap me down to a metal table in hushed tones and cold hands. When I finally do open them I am met with Michael and Naomi standing over me with blank expressions. Not paying them much mind I look down to my bound hands and legs, hoping that there is a way to escape. But like my luck this year, there is nothing but the metal of the Angels and two very angry superiors, one of which is an Arch-Angel.
“I learned my lesson while I was away, Dean.” I say ripping my arm out of his hand as I feel something at the pit of my stomach, something dark and sickening. “I serve heaven, I don't serve man, and I certainly don't serve you.” and with that I force myself to walk away from him.
“Cassiel!” He yells full of fury as I continue with my work. “Would you mind explaining just what the hell you're doing?”
Without looking at back I feel him move closer to me in a hush and subtle way that he could only replicate. When Lucifer first fell and Gabriel left with so much as a flutter of wings Joshua was there to pick up the pieces. Part of me feels like he is the only one to truly understand the loneliness and isolation I felt when they left. When he places a hand on my shoulder my entire body relaxes as his gentle voice flows like the river in front of us.
“Neither do I Cass, just go in your underwear.” He laughs as he takes his pants off leaving him in his boxers. “Come on, we don’t have all night.”
I never liked Zachariah. I always thought of him to be too snarky and uptight even when at one point he was of lower ranking than I was. But then again it does pay to play the “good guy” to the archangels, you get to boss around those who would have been above you. But I take it in stride as he continues to bark off orders, knowing that one day he will die and it will be because of me. Which is sickening to think of, but if it helps move along then so be it.
Just like that I fly us to the prophet Charles home, which reeks of liquor and depression and maybe cat pee. But at the end of the day nothing will be as bad as Luke and how hard he took being a prophet and how many times that poor man tried to die before his time. When in the kitchen the prophet looks at us with confusion and shock, almost as if he didn't intend for this to happen.
“No Dean, just closing my eyes.” I sigh as ‘Stairway to Heaven’ comes on instantly melting me further in the leather.
Swimming back to shore I finally see Dean Winchester for who he truly is, he is not that poor broken soul that I found in Hell but he isn't that carefree soul I grew to know in Heaven. Wrapping the blanket around me, even though I didn’t need the warmth I sat down next to him at the shore, watching the waves roll onto land. This is the Dean that I wish everyone knew, the one who is so caring not for those in his life, but for the entire world. This man has so much love even when nothing was handed to him easily.
Much has happened between where I left off the story, but I will admit this is one of my most distinct memories I had with him that I think was the tipping point for me. By this time I was on the run from both Heaven and Hell, my grace had already started to fail because of my fall and my brother who is responsible for my creation walked the Earth. Around this time I had also started the insane task of finding my father, or you better know him as God or even Chuck if you prefer. I was wearing thin, running out of options when I had found out that my brother Raphael had touched down to Earth. Prompting me to go get Dean for help, though in retrospect I really didn't need to. I just enjoyed his company.
Moving quietly I touch Dean's shoulder as I fly us to the hide away while he must wait upon Michael. I stay silent as he blinks in shock as his eyes roam over the walls, and then they fall on me and my heart stops.
“Where is Sam?” Dean manages out picking up the scrawny man by his shirt. Without saying anything he just points to the computer screen with words already typed down. “St. Mary's? What is that, a convent?” He asks, dropping him.
I move closer to her, searching her soul for the answers she will never say aloud. I look through her fears, the things she has dreamed of since she was a child. So I take her face in both of my small hands to make her blue eyes look right into my soul, if you can call it that, to make her understand what she is giving up.
Suddenly the anxious feelings churning in Dean's gut settles down and he smiles softly down at his phone. He types out a quick reply and then starts his car to head home.
"Sure thing, Em. It was nice to meet you, Cas. I'm sure I'll be seeing you around." Sam and Emma wave goodbye, but as soon as his brother’s out of Castiel's line of sight, he catches Dean's eye and mouths "He's cute, go for it". Sam only laughs and keeps walking away at the death glare that Dean sends him.
He's raking up the yard when Sharon comes out of the house and spots him. It's been a surprisingly nice week weather-wise, just in time for trick-or-treating tonight. Dean was going to pick Cas up after dinner so they could go as a group with Charlie and Sam who was in town for the weekend.
Dean huffs a laugh at how formal Cas sounds. It reminds him of Sam, and he wonders if he's ended up with a mate as nerdy as his little brother.
"What are you thinking so hard about, love?" Cas relaxes against his chest and places his hand on top of Dean's.
"Alright, settled down. We're just dropping it off and saying a quick hello. Mr. Winchester needs his rest, okay?"
Cas turns with his hand out ready to shake, only to be surprised by shockingly strong skinny arms pulling him in for a tight hug.
He manages a few pictures before Dean is scooping Emma into his arms to climb back down to the beach. They're both smiling widely as they make their way over to Castiel.
The day Anna had shown up a little later than usual with three excited kids and a bag of magnets from the dollar store, Castiel's first emotion had been guilt. He should have thought of putting his children's art on the fridge. Honey Bea had been so happy, she couldn't stop talking about it for days. The boys had been just as excited, and quickly the surface of the shiny stainless steel appliance had been covered over.
By the time they've reached the table, Dean feels like anything nice he had to say would be pointless after all the wonderful things already said by other people. Still, when Cas turns those baby blues on him, he melts.
Cas' face fills the screen with the words "so tired zzz" underneath, and Dean's heart sinks. Cas is laying back on his bed and he looks absolutely exhausted and feverish. Why does the stubborn bastard have to insist on not needing help when he so clearly does??
As always a huge thank you to Beatrix_Kiddo. She is more than my beta, she's a great friend as well.
Cas is moving forward before he's aware of thinking about it and pulls Dean in for a soft kiss. Dean melts against him, wrapping his arms around Cas shoulders, spatula still in one hand, to give him a gentle squeeze before pulling away.
"That's right, Emma! Dean is your papa, and since your mommy can't take care of you right now, you're going to live here with your papa."
Dean wonders if it's his fever-addled mind that is telling him Cas just called him a Novak, but judging by the blush on his boyfriend's cheeks, Dean doesn't think he imagined it.
Cas' lips are warm and a little chapped from working all night, but they're still soft and he parts them willingly when Dean traces the tip of his tongue along their seam. He moans when he gets his first taste of the other man's mouth. It's minty like he's been chewing gum or sucking on tic tacs, and Dean has a flash of guilt, because his own mouth must be sour from sleep.
Cas tries hard to focus. He really does. He even tries the breathing exercises he had read about, but he was spiraling with no end in sight.
They continue to chat amiably until Cas thanks Sharon for the lemonade and excuses himself to shower and get ready for work.
"I honestly don't know. Angels come into being already retaining the knowledge, and I've never heard of a human growing wings before. You do have the advantage of our bond. That will help me share the knowledge with you with a much greater ease. Still, it could be months or it could be years before you master the ability. That is to say, if you
A knock at his door breaks him from his thoughts, and Cas quickly answers and collects his food. He eats right out of the box while sitting on his couch and vaguely listening to some medical drama about a sexy doctor or a cowboy doctor or a sexy doctor who wears cowboy boots? Cas isn't really paying attention.
However, Michael's children were still young and sweet, and Castiel loved them dearly. Between both of his Alpha brothers, Castiel was the proud uncle to no less than seven nieces and nephews -- Michael with his four boys and Luke with two daughters and one little boy who was still a nursing pup.
Sometimes Cas has a hard time remembering why he's friends with the blonde woman sitting next to him. Her heart shaped face and warm brown eyes can be very misleading because her tongue is sharp as a knife.
Jack's giggles and Lenore's high pitched squeals fill the room. They're playing chase while Claire sits on the floor by the coffee table coloring.
"Yeah, alright kiddo, go get some cereal. Sammy will help you." He shoots Sam a pointed look when he acts like he's going to protest. "I need to talk over some things with our new Alpha."
And he can remember less then a year ago Cas clinging to him in bed. Whispering in the dark, saying that even though their baby was only 9 months old he thinks he might be pregnant again and would Dean stay home to sit with him to take a test. He remembers feeling blindsided, doubt, and then joy.
Dean huffs a laugh and ruffles the thick hair that was just this side of too long on top of Adam's head. He's going to miss this when the pup grows out of the need to snuggle all the time. It was his instinctual need to scent and mark himself with the smell of family that drove Adam into Dean's arms every afternoon when he got off the bus. But once he presents and has his own scent, he won't need Dean to cuddle him anymore. The Omega's arms already ache with the emptiness.
Cas pulls away once he's satisfied with his grip, and he misses the feeling of Cas' hands on him instantly.
Dean just laughs as Gabriel gives him a wink and scuttles away before Cas can decide to break social distancing to strangle him.
Dean keeps up the steady rhythm of his hips even as his thighs start to burn, and Cas can't control himself any longer, thrusting up to meet Dean's ass hard enough to knock his breath away.
He knows it comes off as accusatory, but a part of him doesn't care. He certainly hadn't felt like laughing while his Omega was missing.
Laughing, Emma clutches around the top of Sam's head, Dog squishing against his face, and starts to sway gently back and forth.
The walk back to the car is much faster with Emma half asleep in his arms, and Dean is glad they came out tonight. Seeing Emma's smile again meant everything to Dean. As he buckles the sleepy girl into her booster seat, Emma's little hands cup his face so she can see into his eyes, and he gives her an amused smile.
He stops at home for a quick shower and a change of clothes before locking up. As he's walking to his car, he spots Sharon out on her porch enjoying a glass of lemonade. She's wearing a large sun hat and fanning herself with a paper fan that looks like it came from an arcade. Cas gives her a wave smiling when she calls out to him.
The summer heat started early this year, with temperatures hitting triple digits even though June had just begun. For the local kids, that meant hanging down at the creek or splashing through sprinklers on the front lawn. For Dean Winchester, it just meant wearing extra deodorant under his pressed white button up and tie. Being stuck in the office was bad enough when the weather was nice, but being trapped inside a stuffy room lit by headache-inducing fluorescent bulbs with 12 other unhappy pencil pushers in the middle of a Kansas heat wave? Dean would rather spend forty years in Hell, if he wasn't there already.
Cas looks up at him then with a shy smile just as Emma comes back into the kitchen like a hurricane. Dean brings a chair over for Emma to stand on, and she "helps" by eating half the veggies the two men chop up, but they're having fun. Once they get everything cut up, Cas starts sautéing everything together: onion, celery, garlic, carrots, sweet potato, and corn. He keeps the peas and pre-cooked lentils off to the side for later. While Cas mans the stove, Dean strains the now-cooked potatoes and dumps them into a big mixing bowl with a little milk and a lot of butter. Emma is more than excited when Dean lets her man the hand mixer, and it very quickly becomes clear that this was a mistake.
Most of the envelope was filled with his custody papers but there is also a copy of Emma's medical records, notes from her temporary foster home, and the original report made by the agent that removed Emma from the house she shared with her mother. Dean is careful to read every page from top to bottom.
The excited pup dashes down the hall while Cas gets his sleepy daughter settled on the changing table for a fresh diaper.
Grateful and happy that he gets another day with Cas and that they both get to watch their babies grow up.
He's crunched the numbers over and over again, and the sad fact is if he doesn't find work in the next few weeks, they're going to have to give up the house. It kills Dean to even entertain the thought of moving. Elizabeth had picked this rental when they realized their tiny studio apartment wasn't going to be big enough for their growing family. It was supposed to be a fresh start filled with hope and plans for the future.
"Look, Cas, we haven't seen each other in, what? A year? And the one night I'm in town, you've spent the entire time
He's just getting ready to call it a day, standing up to flip through the last few shots he took, when he feels a tug on the leg of his pants. Expecting to see a goose pecking at his slacks, Cas is slightly startled when he looks down into big hazel green eyes. A small girl stands next to him, staring up at Cas with a frown, a serious little crease between her brows, and a surprised looking stuffed moose clutched in one hand.
When Cas had first come to him to talk about a bonding ceremony, Dean had been a little hesitant. After all, it wasn't like a regular wedding, a couple of rings, a few fancy words, and a piece of paper from the government pronouncing them husbands. No, this was an angel marriage, and it was forever.
Cas pulls back just enough to stare into Dean's eyes, and Dean's gut swoops as he realizes what's happening. Cas is leaning in slow, asking the question with his eyes, and Dean
It's all so domestic and it leaves Dean feeling warm and happy. He can't remember ever spending time in the kitchen like this with anyone other than Karen, a fact Dean vows to remedy as he watches Emma stare at the cooking food. He'd like to make those same kinds of memories with his daughter.
Dean nods and opens his mouth just in time for Cas to spill onto his waiting tongue. Pink lips wrap around just the tip to suckle on his cock as Cas works through his second orgasm of the evening. Dean licks and slurps and kisses him clean until he becomes too sensitive and even the lightest touch is overwhelming. With a sigh, he flops down next to Dean on the bed feeling wrung out as he floats on post climax endorphins.
Cas can feel his mate’s knuckles brush along his dick again and again, slick gushing out of him when he realizes he's feeling Dean finger himself open. He whines and breaks their kiss to buck up against Dean's ass. He's so hot and he needs to either sink his dick in something or have one sink into him. He was all for teasing but now wasn't the time. He felt like he was being burned alive.
The smile he receives is blinding, and Dean can feel it deep down inside every part of himself that this is right. That this is what he was meant for, to love this being, this angel, for all his remaining days.
Cas doesn't mention Dean's slip up with referring to his house as home, but it does send a little thrill down his spine. He settles into his seat and smiles to himself thinking of just what they'll be able to get up to with the whole night ahead of them.
Of course at the time, Cas hadn't thought it was pretentious. No, he'd thought it was romantic. Like a fairytale. He'd been so fucking stupid. Just barely past eighteen and finally away from his parents, Jay had been like a revelation. Older by ten years, strikingly handsome with his dark hair and dark eyes, and enough money to pull out all the stops, he'd taken one look at Castiel's fresh face and innocent eyes and decided he wanted the young man all to himself.
Cas' eyes go soft as he looks at his friend. Dean has opened up a little here and there about his struggles growing up, and it never fails to touch Cas' heart that Dean feels like he can trust him with his past.
It had taken Dean months to agree. Not because he didn't want to be bonded to Cas; they'd already been together long enough for Dean to know the blue eyed angel was
After dinner Emma stands on a chair and helps Dean rinse the dishes while Cas loads the dishwasher. No one is ready to say goodbye just yet so, Dean invites Cas to stay for a movie. He switches the laundry to the dryer, and Emma heads to her room to change into pajamas. She fusses about wanting Dog but settles for her shark, making another nest on the couch as Dean scrolls through their movie options. He doesn't want anything too fast-paced with bedtime looming in the near future.
"I-I, no of course, that wasn't what I meant. But you have to see what it looks like from my perspective. Your Omega has no visible claim, nor has any paperwork been filed, he has a record and a reputation. I was just trying to do my job."
Sam's puppy eyes turn to a scowl at the same moment Emma says, "bad word, papa!" Dean sighs defeated with two matching glares aimed at him. He really is trying to watch what he's saying.
say to call if he needed help with anything. Plus, since it was Dean's fault he'd forgotten all of his important instructions, it made sense for him to remedy the situation.
"Very good, thank you. Alright, and I see you're listed as a single Omega, age 18, no pups - yet. Are there any adult Alphas at this time that have a current claim to you or the minors in your care?"
Dean's eyebrows go up, but Cas can still see the smile crinkles around his eyes. "Oh yeah? What kinda condition?"
He folds one of his hands around Cas' slender fingers and leans over to stroke the hair off Cas' forehead.
Dean goes pale in the face after peeking around the curtain that's blocking Cas' body from the chest down.
Cas raises his eyebrows before blowing a raspberry against Dean's cheek, making him squawk and try to wiggle away as he chokes down laughter. It's the most fun Cas has ever had before 6 a.m., and it's no surprise it's because of Dean.
Ocean blue eyes watch as his own hands caress the swell of his abdomen. Only a few more weeks to go, and he'd be able to hold his baby in his arms. Castiel has never been such equal parts scared and excited in his life.
With a sigh, Dean brushes his finger through Emma's hair and says a quiet goodnight. Tomorrow was another day and all they could do was keep trying.
Cas holds on tight, letting Dean's excitement fill him up, but here he pulls back to stroke his fingers, soft, against the rough stubble of Dean's cheek, a small smile teasing at the corners of his mouth as he stares up into his favorite shade of green.
"I'm ready Cas, want that cock inside me." Cas lets go of Dean's wrist, more than on board with moving things along. Dean pulls his fingers out with a little whimper, his rim clamping down at the emptiness. He rips the condom off his fingers and tosses it onto the floor making a mental note to pick it up later. By the time he's facing forward again Cas has already dumped the last of the lube on his dick, and Dean doesn't waste any time getting into position. With his ass hovering just over Cas' dick, the head pressing wide and blunt against him, Dean is ready.
When they get to the little room Dean's spent the last few days working on, he expects to finally see a smile from Emma, but instead she scowls at the room like it's personally offended her.
This chapter is set up a little different with alternating points of view between Dean and Cas but it's easy to follow.
He briefly contemplates selling his ass, but that would be more likely to get him dead than rich. He thought about running. He had faded, old memories of a gruff but kind old Beta named Bobby who was around back when Dean was young enough to think he still had a future. The old Chevy Impala that John left behind was a thirsty bitch though, and they wouldn't get far without some gas money. All the furniture belonged to the homeowner, so outside of the car itself, they had nothing to sell.
"Dad's in his room. He told us to watch tv while he took a break. He threw up a bunch of times after lunch. It was
Castiel stocks forward and, despite Dean's trepidation, his legs part seemingly of their own accord to allow the Alpha between them. A warm hand cups his face, and it takes all his strength not to lean into the touch.
He pushes the call button and soon a nurse is in the room. Checking Cas' vitals and talking to him about recovery time and what to expect going forward.
"I thought about taking you to the next town over. They have a couple of highbrow restaurants, but I remembered you talking about being excited for grilling out this summer and figured you might like a break from all those, admittedly delicious, well balanced meals you make. Sometimes, you just need some good ol' fashion junk food." And with those words of wisdom, he takes another huge bite of his burger.
"I'm afraid not, sweetheart. Hey, make sure to save some of those snacks for your sister, you two." The boys give him twin sheepish smiles, their pudgy cheeks full of banana and peanut butter. "On the bright side, we will be seeing him tonight. I offered to bring him dinner so he can rest and stay off his leg."
Smiling, Cas does a spin to show off the full ensemble. When he's facing Dean again, he carefully pretends to load paint on his brush before holding it out in front of him like he's painting and says in a quiet calm voice, "No mistakes Dean, just happy accidents."
"Thank you. Thank you Cas, cause I really love em. I love them so much and I love you. I love you, Cas." Dean is aware, someplace way in the back of his mind, that he's just admitted something really big, but he can't focus on it.
Dean sits in the grass feeling sick to his stomach. Emma is curled in on herself crying into the phone.
A slow smile crawls across her face, and Cas quickly snaps a few shots before she starts nodding her head enthusiastically. They spend a few moments making "shark" faces before Emma starts to break down into real smiles and giggles and even lets Cas pose her a bit. Once she cracks, she's surprisingly easy to work with, and it doesn't take long for Cas to get a number of good shots to choose from.
The room is quiet when Dean lets himself in. Emma is sprawled on her bed with Dog hugged tightly to her chest and her eyes shut in sleep. Dean sags like a puppet with cut strings. He sets the water on Emma's night stand, places her shark on the bed, and carefully covers her up. Looking down at her little tear-streaked face, relaxed now with sleep, Dean feels the weight of their situation pressing down on him.
"Oh my sweet boy, isn't it obvious? You let me love you. You let me coddle you and care for you and help take care of that baby like you were mine. All my life, I've taken care of others, not because I had to but because I wanted to. Ever since my Steven, God bless him, passed and the kids grew up and moved away, I was drifting through my old age with nothing to tether me to the ground. Until you and Vada showed up and gave me a purpose again."
. I tried everything I could think of to find you. I checked hospitals, jails, shelters. You were like a freakin' ghost. Nothing but a cold trail consisting of a job you didn't work anymore, a phone number that was no longer in service, an apartment closed down because of some kind of bug problem, even your goddamn birth records were sealed! So don't you dare try to say I abandoned you. I woke up alone that day and spent weeks trying to find you. You know what I did find though? You and your pup with your other mate. I saw you with your family, Cas, so don't try to play innocent Omega with me!"
While they wait for the food to arrive, they pick out a movie and get set up in the family room. There seems to be an unspoken agreement that neither of them are ready to end the night and go their separate ways. Even the thought of Cas going back to his own apartment has Dean's gut clenching in panic.
The retort Cas had prepared dies on his lips, and he's left there standing with his mouth open. It's true he's been talking about Dean an awful lot, but they've been spending so much time together that he's not sure what else there
Dean can feel the blood drain from his face and he has to swallow twice before he can get his voice under control enough to answer.
"You don't know how to teach me, do you?" It isn't a question, and suddenly Cas appears to find his feet
Before settling back into his recliner, Dean takes a minute to tip toe back to Emma's room to peek and make sure she's still sleeping. His heart gives a hard thump when he sees her sprawled out on the bed, her mouth open and drooling just a little bit. She looks so much like Sam, all skinny limbs and wild hair. It stirs up a confusing storm of emotions for Dean, anger at Lydia for keeping Emma a secret, sadness over missing so much of her life already, and a love so deep and powerful Dean didn't even know he was capable of feeling it.
Sam nods again and follows Cas to the kitchen. The Alpha seems unusually quiet, but he doesn't smell upset or anxious so Cas doesn't push.
Emma's affronted pout finally cracks him, and he laughs as he ruffles her hair with affection spreading warm and bright throughout his chest. What a gift it will be to watch this child grow.
Dean doesn't move from where he's blocking the door, and he looks down his nose at Marvin’s smarmy face. He smells like wet dog, which means he's a Beta with an Alpha complex. Only synthetic Alpha pheromones give off that scent. Dean's got at least 4 inches on the guy, and he stands up straight to take advantage of every one of them.
Cas takes a deep breath and with shaky fingers pushes down the plunger, filling himself with Alpha seed for the first time in his life.
⚠️TW: This chapter has very graphic verbal assault by a know abuser and a pregnant person in distress please be careful if you are sensitive to these subjects. If you want to DM me I can give you a summary of the chapter if you need to skip it.
. He might not have had the deepest relationship with Lydia, but she had to have known Dean would have been there, would have
Cas leads Sam to the guest room with red cheeks. The room is fairly simple: a queen bed with soft sheets and a lovely yellow quilt that Castiel's Om made, a nightstand with a simple lamp, and a dresser that sits low and long with a small flat screen tv on top of it. It's the supplies laid out on the dresser that have Cas' face flushing with more than just heat.
Castiel's eyes go dark, but he simply stares for a long moment before walking away, leaving Dean on edge and his skin prickling with goosebumps. Shaking the odd encounter off, Dean drops into the driver’s seat and cringes at the dampness he can feel between his ass cheeks. He starts up the car so she has a chance to heat up before the boys come out for their ride to school, while trying to clear thoughts of sexy Alphas from his head.
Castiel positively beams at him, taking Dean completely by surprise, sending his stomach into another swoop and flutter. Castiel on his own is gorgeous, but Castiel smiling is fucking
"No, Dean," Cas tells him gently. "Right now, the only thing you're going to do is get back in bed and rest. I let you take care of us when we were sick, and now it's your turn to let me take care of you."
"It's beautiful, Dean. I must confess I'm not much of a cook, but I've always wanted to advance my culinary skills."
"No worries, I'm sure your little munchkin keeps you super busy. Come on around the counter and we can go over your package options."
She leans forward to plant a kiss onto each of his cheeks before letting him go. Dean returns Emma's kiss with one to her forehead before slipping out of the backseat and settling behind the steering wheel. The car roars to life, and Dean starts heading home.
Dean lets out a little needy sound as he grabs his own cock and squeezes at the base. He quickly walks over to the night stand, digging around in the drawer until he holds up a brand new bottle of lube with a quiet fist bump. Cas laughs at Dean's antics, but it quickly morphs into a moan as Dean crawls over the bed to settle on top of him again.
Dean spasms around his fingers at Cas' words, and he nods his head frantically gasping out a drawn out, "yesss." He knew Cas had a little freak in him under the surface.
"Yeah, we're pretty serious." That's an understatement if Dean's ever heard one. He's stupidly, completely, arrow-in-the-heart, head-over-heels in love with Cas and his kids. But Dean's not ready to tell his friend that. Not when he hasn't even used the L-word with Cas yet. Dean's practically ready to look at china patterns, but he's not stupid and he
