“Is Sharon here,” Tony says in the monotone he usually gets when he’s been up for days. Steve resents that, too. He hates that he cares. He doesn’t have any pity after that bullshit Tony pulled on him. He doesn’t want to make nice right now. Doesn’t want to give an inch.
The music is making Steve mad, the relentless drive of the beat eggs him on, like time will stretch out forever if he doesn’t
I can live with you hating me, Steve says. He pulls Tony's hips back so he can go deeper, kicks his knees awkwardly apart, tugs at his balls roughly. I can live with that if this fixes you.
Tony's face falls right before his eyes, but he catches himself, pulls himself together. Tony gets grace for his failures and Steve gets nothing.
Steve almost chokes on the cauliflower he’s wolfing down. “Excuse me?” He’s better than his impulse control. He is, but the urge to say someone’s gotta pay for your treatment does over his tongue before he clamps his mouth shut. “There’s a lot going on right now,” he says instead. “I’ve been gone a lot, I know. They have me - A.I.M. is planning som–”
Steve gasps. Tony puts his hands on Steve’s ass, just to feel the shape of him, and Steve feels his cock jerk, he feels the silk of Tony’s vest against his bare, too-sensitive skin. He moans, lets his eyes fall closed. Lets Tony fondle him, watches the lines of Tony’s throat when Tony presses his crotch into Steve’s. He’s hard, under that nice expensive suit. Steve wonders if he’s going to keep it on. If he’s going to tip him onto his face and bend over Steve’s body and fuck him from behind like that with his vest rubbing into Steve’s back –
Tony takes things for granted. It just happens. You slide into something easy and you forget that your paradigm has already been rearranged. That when that something goes, your life will contract to fill that void. You forget that you've already made yourself smaller, the minute you've given something, anything, up.
The knot feels like it's going to split him. Another small, unquantifiable grief. A brutality Tony thought he would always be spared from. Something trickles down between them, catches in his pubes, trapped between the heat of their bodies. Steve pulses over and over, thrusts deep in aborted little strokes. Positions his mouth the way it was the very first time, just grazes Tony's scar with his teeth.
These women don’t spare him a second glance as they walk the other way in their platform heels, pant legs billowing in the breeze. It’s late, too late for them to be out like this. There’s nothing around here until Broadway, just porno theaters and shops with bars on the windows.
He blinks and blinks and Jen is fully turned towards him, now, and he feels like his throat is closing up and there are cameras on him. He can’t do this here, but it’s like his whole body is seizing up, he reaches for the armor on instinct and finds
“No,” Tony says sharply, and whirls around. “No, you don’t fucking deserve to know. You don’t get to know what’s going on with me anymore.
The man just kneels there for a moment, breathes on the tip of Steve’s cock, and then he settles, kneels up. Takes the tip of Steve’s cock into his blazing mouth and Steve thinks
“It is our finding that there is sufficient evidence to try Anthony Stark on charges of dereliction of duty. Furthermore, we have found Mr. Stark guilty of multiple violations of the Superhuman Registration Act. The defendant will be immediately remanded into federal custody. Mr. Stark, you are hereby terminated as Director of SHIELD, suspended of all rights and privileges granted under the SHRA –”
Extremis is feeding him garbage and he tries to flip over and crawl away on his belly like a good coward, it’s what he should have done in the first place –
Everyone wanted Steve’s stories. They weren’t easily pried from him, you always had to tease it out of Steve. The Smithsonian came once or twice, college interns working on oral history projects for NPR, and it was always Steve and a recorder in a locked room. But sometimes you’d get it. Sometimes he’d smile, big and easy, and tell you a story like it happened last week, like what came before or after wasn’t ugly senseless death.
Tony feels like a foregone conclusion. Like Steve keeps trying to water a husk with long-rotten roots.
Steve eats his Vindaloo. When he finishes, Happy hasn’t come back for him. He walks the nine blocks back to the tower.
Carol carries him down the ramp, his head tucked under her neck. She smells like a prairie. Like a fresh day.
He’s savaging this man’s throat and he doesn’t care. What would Tony think of him, what would he say? The man grunts and Steve winds his fingers tighter in his dark hair and he’s so close, he’s so close, he’s being too rough but he doesn’t want to pull away, he won’t. He thrusts, once, twice, more, and lets himself slide all the way down this stranger’s throat.
He loses hours, then days. He stumbles. He says less to Nebula, and he is too weak to perceive whether or not that's hurting her. He trips and slams his head into a bulkhead. He stops moving. He stops thinking. The hunger grows until it almost stops, if he holds his breath and shuts his eyes and pretends he's dead.
It sears a little. No one ever made fun of his costume when it was the flag. It used to be different; people tended to gasp and swoon. Once a waitress asked him for his autograph. Once a firefighter winked at him.
Steve's plan is just escalation. Until someone breaks. He presses their skin together and keeps his mouth on Tony's bonding scar and gently forces his own fluids into his stricken body and is as much of a gentlemen as he can be.
Okay, Steve whispers hysterically to himself, once he's off the phone. He moves around the room. He sheds his clothes. He smells like warm null. Okay, he says again. He washes off the masking cream with shaking hands. He drops the bottle of pills he's trying to open. He climbs in behind Tony. He rubs his hand over the bond scar on Tony's neck.
Tony thought this would be easier. Like slipping back into an old suit. Like flying. He was so certain he could never forget what they felt like together. What Steve breathed into him.
He does it. He rests in that heady place of shame and arousal and fear and kneels with his hands still pinned behind him and hump’s Tony’s broad thigh. It’s awful. Tony has plucked the remote off the ground at some point and sets the plug to a useless random setting that doesn’t do anything more than remind Steve that he’s unsatisfied and will remain so until Tony decides otherwise.
– not the idle greed he sometimes feels when he sees a beautiful person, but the ravenous hunger he knows won’t leave him until he’s had this man in his mouth.
The tower locks him out, even with his voice confirmation – he can’t use Extremis to interface and it’s a Friday and there’s no one to let him in because the movers are gone and Pepper despises him despite what she says about it and everyone is running from him and Maya is gone and Steve is dead –
It’s not a good day. He’s agitated. He’s holding himself like he used to do when he still had the reactor and he was stiff, like he wanted to be punching his issues out but breathing was the most he could hope to settle for. He moves out of Steve’s periphery, but Steve hears him settle by the window. The plug Steve’s almost forgotten about buzzes to life. On, off, on. Tony is playing with him. He cycles through the settings, Steve squirms and flushes and flexes his thighs to get anything he can out of it.
Her name is Carol and she tells him stories about faraway places with faraway names. His mind can't catch on much of it.
Last year at this time, they were sleeping together. Steve was young and stupid and he let Tony love him and the future was as of yet unwritten. He still believed that the thing between them was love.
Steve milks himself until he's audibly exhausted, until he lies quiescent at Tony's back and his breathing slows. He rests for a little, then props Tony up so he can spoon-feed him his come, one teaspoon at a time.
Tony tells him he's a fucking liar. You had a phone, he says. I thought you left me to die, he bursts. My ribcage was cracked, Steve. Do you know what that was like, after Afghanistan? Do you know what you fucking did?
Tony starts to cry, but he clutches at Steve’s arm, presses his body back into Steve’s. Please be here when I wake up, he says and Steve murmurs against his neck and pitches his voice into something warm and soothing and whispers
“I know,” Steve says, and hushes him, kisses him back until his mouth is red and swollen and Tony is falling asleep on his shoulder, still hanging out of his pants. He fixes that, pulls Tony’s underwear back up, eases his pants off, undoes his tie for him. That’s the tricky thing, these days, making sure his hands are always gentle. Conjuring Tony as he used to be, braver and stronger and less pathetic.
The man chuckles, even though there’s no way he could have heard that, offers Tony a sheepish smile, then leans in to whisper in Tony’s ear. Tony doesn’t hear what he says, but it’s nice, the feeling of warm breath so close to his ear, the stubble. He shivers even though he’s sweating through his shirt. It makes something in his brain light up. He wants more of that, he wants another bump, he wants a drink. He wants this golden god to bend him over one of the balconies and take him bare.
Unaware of the danger, this man is all hands, confident and deft. They rove over Steve’s neck, his ears, tangling in the hair at his nape. He’s not as hard as Steve is but he keeps moving his hips like he’s lost in himself and Steve is deeply, fiercely envious of his freedom.
Tony’s face crumbles faster than he can put his walls back up. “So?” he says, his gaze slack somewhere over Steve’s shoulder. “We can pretend, you can pretend I’m the stranger you thought I was and I can–”
Steve's answers grow quieter, rarer. Like he thinks speech will break him out of his single-minded mission and he can't afford the distraction for even a second. He moves slower now. He moves like the world is an unbearable miasma through which his body must plough. His stride widens. His face remains carefully passive like he's bundling his anger and swallowing it back as soon as it bubbles up. By the end of the day he's sweating and he won't look at Tony and he sits in the chair and puts one hand over his crotch to cover up the stain where he's leaking and buries his face in the other.
Steve conducts the entire conversation in his angriest whisper huddled in the hallway with her projector clutched in his hand. He’s glad she’s her own, now, but it’s still eerie to hear Jan’s speech patterns overlaid with something Other and metal. She keeps harping on Tony’s heart rate. Steve is more concerned with the lacerations, with Tony’s hydration level. Jocasta tells him with the sort of infuriating calm that only an AI could manage: Tony’s recovering, he needs to sleep, he’s one hour and four minutes into a REM cycle and if Steve doesn’t burn off some of his energy while he has the chance, she’s going to lock him out of the apartment.
Steve comes back smelling like regular sweat after his 15 mile run. He doesn't shower, just takes off his socks and shoes and presses his disgusting self up against Tony, rubs his body all over his.
There’s a big hand on his shoulder, heavy and warm, and Tony spins around and gets his hands up and he’ll shoot Steve’s ghost as many time as he has to, the RT is hot -
He doesn’t make the conscious decision to pull his hand away from Tony like he’s been burnt, but he does, and it happens, and it’s not fair.
Tony’s new secretary answers. Steve is almost certain she’s an AI because she’s flippant and because she treats him just like everyone else. She asks if he wants to leave a message, if he wants to arrange for an appointment with Mr. Stark.
Steve’s vision whites out and the attendant pain is enough to make him scream no matter how much he grits his jaw and bites down on his own lip.
The voice is bad. The voice makes Rebirth feel like a pleasant memory. He is acutely aware that someone is kneeling at his side and checking his pulse and all he can do is whimper and keen on the floor.
Steve leans down to kiss him and Tony swings his legs over the side of the couch, steadies himself on the coffee table with one filthy hand smeared all over Steve’s newspaper clippings. He hisses – bare feet, crystal.
“I was in love with you,” Tony tells him, and Steve rocks with Tony’s head lolling back on his shoulder.
we get there, I will personally beg each and every person who has ever been a rostered Avenger to come to bat for you.”
He can't imagine what Steve smells on him, if he's even strong enough to put out fight. He should be feeling cornered, but he feels ragged and bright and weightless for the first time in years, and he looks at Steve across the room in his dirty t-shirt with his 4-day stubble and his cock hanging out and despises him.
Tony's heart shutters. He closes Steve's eyes, closes the tap. Sits on the floor, drawing a towel around his shoulders. Touches the scar on his throat, still swollen, still raw.
“You’re having a panic attack,” Leonard tells him, and leans forward, puts his hands on Tony’s knees.
He is flying over the dark ocean. The ground recedes below him and Tony watches the snow-covered mountains fade into a single icy topography, pockmarked by outcroppings of bare stone.
He has imagined this moment ad nauseam. He has lain in bed and traced his fingers over the same places on his body where the bullets entered Steve’s, has imagined what it is to bleed out in four places.
, she says, and he is so fucking sick of hearing his last name. She's got an IV in his arm. He taps it. He doesn't even ask what's in it. He has become so soft and naive and he would let this woman do anything to him because she has a human's face and he's going to die here in the black of space instead of on his stupid useless blue planet.
The minute Tony’s pants make it past his knees, Steve is on him, flipping him around – it’s rougher than he should be, but he
, the alpha says, and Tony starts to cry because it's him, that's Steve, that's Steve's voice. And Steve doesn't smell like anything. Not even like a stranger. Like he's been erased from Tony's page entirely, like he was never there to begin with, like he's no one.
Tony thinks that isn’t fair. He’s crying again, his tears are running sideways down his face and dripping off his chin.
“So you don’t like this?” Tony rolls his entire pelvis like a brat, his eyes half-open, his expression lazy and unconcerned.
Steve shouts when he comes. He’s getting it on the rug, he knows, and Tony slides an arm around his waist and holds him through it, holds them chest to chest. Steve bites him; immediately regrets it, Tony hates marks. It ends after what feels like an eternity, and it’s just the wail of the recycled air filtering through the compound, the silence stretched between the two of them, Steve wilting in Tony’s lap, both of them stuck together with evidence to prove it: they just can’t get away from each other.
A wet slick is blooming down the front of Steve’s uniform and his face heats at his own hypocrisy. He just had his cock in his best friend’s mouth and he liked it, he wants it again already, he wants so many things and this place is made of lies and glitter and blow, neither of them can ever have this, not really, not for real, not for permanent.
Steve runs a hand over his face to swab away his own tears. It smells like sex, it smells like Tony.
Steve waits for the rest, but it doesn’t come. It’s fine, he’s not here for an apology. The person he wants it from clearly doesn’t think he deserves it.
The man wraps one arm around the broad part of Steve’s back like they’re embracing, like they could be lovers, real lovers, and then his hand is around Steve’s cock like he can see in the dark.
He lies next to Tony. He doesn’t know how to feel about Tony, here, in his bed. It’s too much; it’s an embarrassment of riches. It’s wasted on him. He settles for curling around his body, pressing slow kisses to his lithe neck, skimming his hand up Tony’s chest.
Pepper shows up and strides right past Steve with nothing more than a glare, into their bedroom. She sits on the edge of the bed and pets his hair or whatever the fuck it is she does at times like these.
Steve slides one gloved hand over Tony’s cheek and Tony doesn’t dare breathe. He can't bear it if it's real; he can't abide it if it's not.
“Fuck me, come inside me,” Steve says again. “Make it hurt,” he says, imagines a world where he doesn’t have to climb onto a jet after this, a world where Tony locks him under his desk and keeps him full and hurts him every hour on the hour.
He rolls them over, Tony on his back, Steve over him. He nudges Tony’s knees apart, presses his thigh against the warmth between Tony’s legs.
Steve sits next to him, turns Tony’s hand over in his own. Perfect. No scars, no record of all the things he’s built, all the things he’s fixed with his own blood. “I thought I was watching you die,” Steve says, and he is suddenly, quietly seething.
, Leonard says, and Tony keeps his face from turning into a hideous mask of grief, uses Extremis to fix that because it has fallen to him to be keeper and if he doesn’t pass this stupid human exercise he won’t be able to protect this fragile ugly thing he’s built, the responsibility will be passed to someone else, someone who doesn’t understand, someone who will abuse the power, someone who will pay for the office and lobby to bring back Wideawake and Tony can’t do that –
Strange is silent for a long moment. “I’m not sure I can do it,” he confesses. “You undid it the first time all on your own, it’s complicated magic–”
Carol keeps touching him once they sit down – a hand on his elbow, a touch on his knee. He is drifting, he is shaking. There's nowhere to escape; one smartphone is just like another. He has to pretend to be analog like everyone else here. He speaks right after the President, he has to pay attention. Tony has kept himself awake for 36 hours to write the eulogy, has memorized it, word for word. He fixes his tie, tries to ignore the way the wind whips around his legs and snakes up his arms. His suit is ill fitting. He is supposed to be better than this.
if he doesn’t find that warm place his cock wants. This place isn’t about idleness; neither of them have really stopped moving. Even now the man is running one hand through Steve’s hair, grinding up against his leg in a slow, filthy seduction, undoing his own belt with his other hand.
Jen herds him into the men’s bathroom and stands at his side like a sentry and puts one hand on his back and tells him to breathe and Tony does what people tell him to do, now.
Tony kicks at him. Steve is strong enough to sweep him back to bed, Steve is restrained enough to ask if he wants more Percocet before he puts more of it in Tony's IV, Steve is so good. So polite. So fucking infuriating in the way he tries to make his contrition acceptable.
Tony moves incrementally closer, risks it: he doesn’t look like Tony Stark these days, not even to the people who know him. The circles under his eyes are a permanent fixture and he’s wearing the wrong colors. His beard is just the wrong side of sleazy, he’s been trying out eyeliner, he greases his hair and wears jewelry to distract from the circles under his eyes. He smokes cigars to cover the smell of alcohol that clings to his breath. His body is a little less muscular, a little softer. A little more exposed, without his armor. A little weaker, without those weekly sparring sessions with Steve.
“Let’s not pretend you aren’t getting the short end of the stick being with me, Steve,” Tony says. He puts his face back into that wretched mirthless smile.
His latest sins populate the news. People talk about him as if he doesn't remember what compassion is, so he must have lost it. Strangers treat him like a machine. As if he is beyond humanity.
She ends up staying the rest of the month, and Tony makes the decision to dissolve SI West entirely.
Tony is dressed well, but not well enough to tantalize. He looks like he’s going to a business meeting. He’s wearing a suit, but it’s from two seasons ago. He sits up straight and keeps his eyes on his burger and taps his foot like he does when he wants to be somewhere else. Steve is no longer his paramour, Steve is some withering old man that Tony keeps around because Tony is transparently sentimental.
Tony grabs the IV stand because he's going to be standing for this. You did that, he says. I didn't make you do that, I didn't drive you to it. You did that, he whispers.
“You asked me to assemble a new team,” Steve says, “And I’m working on it, Tony, ok, put it down, we don’t have to do this right now–”
but his shirt tangles around his biceps and Tony is already there, easing it down off his wrists and already working on Steve’s fly –
He takes his cards out. Shuffles them, drops a few. His hands are shaking. Everyone he lets in does this. At this point he wouldn’t be surprised if Whitney herself strolled in. He imagines what Carol is going to say. There’s no way they’re going to skate around his alcoholism, now, if Rhodey were here and not fucking
“I don’t know if I’m gonna remember this tomorrow,” Tony mumbles, and he moves closer to Steve like he’s magnetized.
“Tony, no,” he says, and his mouth tastes like Tony, he’s going to be tasting Tony for the next week. “Just touch me, please touch me, please–”
“I didn’t,” Tony says, and he tries to sound hateful but his voice falls dull and flat in the cavernous empty space of the living area. “I didn’t then and I don’t now.” He closes his eyes, wills himself somewhere better. He thinks about his Infinity Gem. If anyone would bring it to him. If he would use it. He dreams about a world where he manages to hate Steve as much as Steve hates him. He dreams about a world where he never existed.
In this should-have, he apologizes. He doesn’t storm into Tony’s workshop and beat his face until one of his teeth rolls out onto the floor. There is no Time Gem.
Steve smiles something vicious that doesn’t suit him. “Guess you’re just a common criminal like the rest of us, now.”
He throws his coffee cup at the wall and it drips onto his workbench, stains blueprints with a layer of dust on them. He picks his way through ceramic shards to look at whatever he’s ruining, whatever was working on a few weeks ago, half a lifetime ago before he was
He’s been dreaming. He can still see the shape of it, almost. He thinks someone was with him. He thinks someone was making love to him. He wants to keep it, but he pats around for his sketchbook a moment too long and all he can remember are bright blue eyes.
The second time, Steve is home. He works from a desk now. He thinks he should want it more than he does. He would have killed for the safety of a walnut-paneled room, mounds of paperwork, scads of bureaucrats to manage when he was bullet-catching in Nazi-occupied Germany. And that was another life, Howard likes to remind him. Long ago, far away.
Steve’s face is hot; he feels it all the way down his chest. Part of him dies, because he had never imagined: Tony shares his own secret shame. What does he say.
“I think I liked you better when you were a stranger,” Tony tells him, and Steve loses some of his breath.
Steve sighs. He shouldn’t, but no one is perfect, and sometimes, on days like these, bad days, it’s like they never got past it the first time, like they’re
“I love you,” Steve whispers, and he can feel the gooseflesh rise on Tony’s chest. He thrusts hard, deep, once, twice, and then he
Presses his face to Tony’s neck and smells the ghost of something that Steve imagines belongs to Rumiko - perfume, lipstick.
Steve appears to him one night in the workshop, shrunken and haunted and something hungry in his eyes, and Tony grabs the nearest thing – a tire iron – and swings at his ghost until he shatters the glass double-doors leading to his workshop and sets off an alarm that brings half of SHIELD to the tower.
Tony’s eyes are glistening. There’s a red streak where he’s wiped at his nose, a tear track that shines in the lamplight. His shirt is open, his breath clouds in the air.
“Cool, don’t give a shit – the point is the only reason they’re not sending you to The Hague is because Maya Hansen gets the last say on your powers and they’re saying you’re too dangerous to put in any of the ICC’s facilities–”
Someone is turning a key in his apartment door and he briefly wonders if he should be worried.  His shield is in the closet. He wouldn’t be able to defend himself; he doesn’t think he could move. He thinks he’s waiting for something to happen.
Steve sighs, and does the only thing he knows how to do. Tony’s willing and somnolent, his mouth open and plush and made for Steve’s.
It takes him an hour to get the entire pouch down. It can't be more than a few ounces; Tony knows Steve's sacrificing sleep to get it. It's all but ten minutes before Tony vomits it all up over the side of the bed again.
“If you don’t want to be there for my appointments, it’s – whatever, Steve. Would I like you to be there? Yes. Will I live if you don’t shuffle your missions around?” He runs a hand over his face and it seems all the will rushes out of him at once.
The beat drums through him and Tony does what he does best, compartmentalizes for now, because it’s easy to trade in regret, easier to get lost in it. It’s easier still to get lost looking at this man’s body. The details are just wrong enough to make him feel ok about it: a bronze thatch of hair on his bare chest, bottle-blond bedhead. Tony has never seen anyone as blond except Steve, not really, not without help, but this guy is pretty enough to pull it off, and after he sticks his feet for a minute he
His suits are already hanging on him, and he locks the Extremis armor in a case and hands it to Maria and casts his eyes away and climbs into a car that someone has called for him and goes back to his tomb. He is painfully aware of the way the thing glints when he steps, the way it is fully visible as his pant leg rides up.
“What happened,” he asks her. Extremis is giving him garbage – four minutes of nothing when he should have been delivering Steve’s eulogy.
And then he's gone. Steve pushes himself off the bed with sudden, abject disgust in his features. He looks at his hands, he looks at Tony. He reaches over his shoulder, almost absently, and then stops in his tracks. Like he's realized where he is. Who he isn't, anymore.
“Are you sure,” Steve had said, and Tony had looked at him like he was begging for a reason not to go through with it, like he would follow Steve to the ends of the earth and beyond if Steve asked. Like he was begging Steve to tell him not to.
His chest is a vise, because how is he expected to do this? He knows what it feels like. The all-alone, the forever stretching on and on in front of him, alone, again.
“I would have liked to take you home,” Tony says, and why doesn’t he use that voice all the time, they’d never have gotten anything done at Avengers meetings, that’s why – is this how Tony talks to all his lovers? Stupid, he thinks, they aren’t lovers, as far as Tony knows, they’re two strangers in an alley and Tony –
Dreams are different, now. Tony is using his whole brain; he has surpassed those pedestrian notions of the soul and the subconscious. Everything that’s ever happened to him is written in ones and zeros, available to peruse at his leisure. Tony can wander in regret and wallow freely.
“They’re not making more land,” Steve parrots Howard, working his hands around Tony’s shoulders. He’s never tense anymore, just as limp as he’s becoming spineless. “How about Indian for dinner,” Steve says.
“I don’t wanna hear about Tony,” Steve says, and he is so fucking transparent, he’s on the edge of tears, he’s furious and ashamed and heartbroken all at once and he wants to stop. “I don’t want to hear about how sorry he was, I don’t want any of it,” he says. “It’s not the same thing. Fucking fix me.”
Steve must have given him a drip, not just a push. The bright pain of his collarbone is lessened. There's an icepack on the bedside table, there's a note in Steve's hand. Dosages and three little vials. A six-pack of pudding and a little cup of semen defrosting. The thermometer.
Tony has lost his scars. He’s perfect. He should have electrical burns, at least; Steve has peeled him out of the suit often enough to know that the housing sits close to his chest, that there is bare metal near his major blood vessels where syringes inject him with drugs that can keep him standing. Steve knows just how well Tony’s suit conducts electricity. There’s not even a mark from any of his surgeries.
Steve presses his hands over his face. He looks almost contrite, almost, for just a split-second. I don't want this for us, he murmurs, but there's no accusation in it, only raw, frayed sadness.
The man sucks in a shuddering breath somewhere above him. Steve can feel his body shaking from where he lies.
Tony is crying; Steve can only tell because his face is shining and wet. “Good things,” Tony says, staring at the ceiling.
Steve sits in the chair that's too small for his thighs. He looks out the window. He nods to himself.
“I miss you,” Tony says, shaking. “If I – I want you to be here. I want things to be like they used to be.”
“I needed a change,” he says hoarsely. It’s so thin, they both know it. Tony’s face is completely blank.
(he has to be gentle), and wraps one of his arms around Tony’s back. “Like what, Tony, what am I like–”
“I feel like we’re not going to be able to do this for much longer,” Tony says curtly. “So I’d like to just enjoy it.”
Tony feels shaky, aches more than usual. Maybe a good sign. Maybe his body is starting to respond. He wants something more than the plug in him. He tries to decide if he can make it across the room for some of Steve's reserves. He rubs at his neck, puts his fingers where Steve's fingers were. Squeezes. Closes his eyes and tries to remember Steve's scent.
Steve's hand trails down his back, tentative, lower, lower. He tries, gentle. Hopeful. But Tony is dry and he cries out and winces and can't even bring himself to feel strongly about it, one way or the other.
Do me, Tony goads, because he wants the charade to be over. He wants to prove conclusively that he is right and Steve is wrong, that Steve is foolish, lovesick man for trying. He wants Steve to fail, and he wants him to hurt for his failing, and he wants to be right about something. He wants Steve to have to sit there and take his failure instead of running away.
Steve lies there in the dark and listens as Michael and Gary stumble their way into bed together. They’re not quiet when they make love. Sometimes, like tonight, he can make out words. He envies their shamelessness, their freedom. The gracious thing to do would be to pretend there’s nothing to hear. Shove his head under the pillow that still smells of the cold cream from the woman he fucked a few nights ago. He imagines what it is to come home to the same someone, every night.
Tony tries to push himself up, but the heart monitor beeps dangerously, so he settles for twisting his body around, pressing his cheek against the handrail, letting their voices hit him sideways.
,” he moans. “Please,” he begs in a hoarse whisper. “That was dirty,” he says, breathless. “That wasn’t fair,
Samson wants to adjust his meds and Tony answers everything in the affirmative just to make him go away. He holds a mug of coffee that’s gone cold between his hands as they clean up the glass and remind him that he’s wasting valuable SHIELD resources. Tony blinks and blinks and doesn’t cry and apologizes.
Someone touches him and Tony flinches away. He knows he should fight but he is dizzy and cold and fumbling his way to death. He doesn’t manage it, he stays where he is, his face pressed to the concrete, his limbs chained together.
Right here, right now, with this man, Steve can almost believe that there is nothing in the world to weigh him down. He is able to forget his shame.
Tony wakes up to soaked-through sheets and pain in his chest that feels like a heart attack. He remembers what Leonard said and fumbles around in the dark so he can shake Klonopin into his unsteady hand.
Steve thinks he has terrible taste in men, but then the slender column of the man’s throat moves and Steve is
It's actually shocking, after the Extremis incident on the Helicarrier. He invited a foreign neoplasm into his body. He didn't expect to live through it. It defies explanation.
But he thinks it. He thinks it's and it's the indulgent choice, the choice that doesn't preserve him, the choice that quickens the flood and drowns him in the dark of space, until all he can feel is the empty and the shuddering of the craft and the quiet hiss of the oxygen mask someone is holding gently to his face.
“I thought your heart was ok,” Steve says. It’s one of those nightmare scenarios he needs to cauterize before he can move forward, and Tony’s calm is only feeding his own panic, he knows he’s supposed to be an anchor but Tony is sitting in front of him and that fucking
He lets himself drift. Builds a better ending for them both, away from the blood and the smoke and their mangled bodies. Imagines Steve is falling asleep on top of him. That he is held in Steve’s arms, that Steve is murmuring in his ear. That is he is loved. That they have not wasted a lifetime together. That the sky is clear and crisp and blue.
The dizziness hits him all at once and he falls, hard. He lands on his back, the wind punched out of him. He’s making a noise, a wheezing moaning noise, the pain crawls up his spine and radiates down his leg and he reminds himself that he is an old man and old men break hips and the voice on the other end of the card is tinny and distorted and every word sends a spike of pain through his head –
“Tony,” Steve starts, and he wants to be mad but all he can focus on is the way Tony’s hands are kneading at his arm, the way his chest feels gaping and open.
“Can you see that,” Tony asks her, and points to the spider web crack Steve has left in the drywall.
“Why should I,” Tony whispers, and his hands are running down Steve’s chest now, smoothing over his skin. Tony is feeling the shape of his muscles from his skin like he secretly wants to be unwrapping them, like he wants to draw Steve into his world of machines and wires and metal and see what makes him go. “Why do you need it from me,” he hisses, and something that’s shame and anger twisted together stirs in Steve.
There’s no ice this time, but he’s freezing and cold and he can’t do that again. He won’t, he won’t, he won’t –
Tony gave him all the tools this time, put the armor in his hands. Welcomed his sentence at Steve’s hand. History does repeat, it seems. Steve couldn’t go through with it last time, either, so death found him first.
staring, well-dressed, beautiful, outlandish people, men with their fellas on their arms who would probably never be caught out like this in the light of day, tweakers and starlets and people Tony probably runs with. He thinks he sees Cher, but that can’t be right.
He crawls into Steve’s unmade bed and props himself there and blushes and waits for Steve to follow him.
Tony tries to scent him, more out of muscle memory than need, but Steve's face lights up like he has been living for a breakthrough like this. He traces the line of Steve's collarbone, his strong neck, his chin glistening with Tony's own slick. He presses his face in, and Steve quivers like Tony has singlehandedly injected him with enough hope to see him through whatever he sees this as.
He staggers out of bed. His clothes are neatly folded in the armchair, his sketchbook carefully placed on top of them. He flips through it. He’s ripped out most of the pages in this one. Did he do that, was he drunk last night, did he get into one of his moods and destroy things? He’s not supposed to have alcohol with his blood pressure meds but sometimes he does. He finds his wallet, his keys, his phone. He has two missed calls but the number just slides away from him. He rubs at his temples and the joints in his fingers pop with the effort of it.
“Why don’t you fuck me,” Tony says, and they’re the wrong words, Steve hates how casually he says it. He wiggles up the bed, pulls his knees up, drags one of Steve’s pillows under his body. Waits, like he’s content to go along with whatever happens to him. “We both clearly need it,” Tony says, and something’s shifted. He throws it out like it’s nothing, like Steve could be anyone. “As long as you’re not mind-controlling me,” he says. The joke doesn’t land; it’s just them and Tony’s sniffling and the recycled air hissing on in the exposed ductwork.
It's too much, too fast. Steve, Tony says, and grabs the handrail. Steve presses Tony's whole face into the hospital bed, throws one leg over Tony's hip like he's mounting, for real. Bars his arm across Tony's back. Rails him until he groans with the effort, then settles into a deep, leisurely finish.
One night they pushed too much. Everyone was a little too happy, a little too buzzed. Hands full of cards, smiles on their faces, before it all went bad.
. I'll fuck you like this every day, Tony, I'll knot you until you understand. Losing you, he says, and he pulls at Tony's length, losing you is unacceptable to me.
He digs deep for that spark of self-preservation that’s always been his guiding star and comes up wanting.
Tony tries to reach across the table to hold his hand. Steve sees it happening in slow-motion, sees Tony’s skin resting on his own, snatches it back. Something is happening in his chest, in his throat. He needs to leave. He shouldn’t have come here. He gets that wash of Tony’s cologne again when he moves his arm and it’s too much –
Tony finds a nice blond man by the bar, slides onto the stool next to him. His eyes are the wrong color. It’s fine. He has a body that puts Robert Redford to shame. He’s got a Semper Fi tattoo on his bicep.
What happened for you to do that, he presses. He is terrified by the one-dimensionality of speech. Steve could lie to him. Steve could say anything.
Tony lets the strap go and Steve sucks in air through his nose and tries to blink the colors away. He’s moaning, he wants it again already, he wants Tony to personally wring his neck for eternity –
almost ok again and Steve pulls out in a slow drag and then pushes his way in fast, without warning, just to watch Tony’s face contort, to watch him clutch the leather and make breathless noises and this is perfect, this is everything –
and he kisses the space between Tony’s shoulder blades and then the side of Tony’s neck and the spot just behind his ear and Tony moans into the leather and walks his knees further apart, reaches around behind him to tease one of his own fingers into himself –
He wants to cry with the unfairness of it, that it has to happen like this if it happens at all, now.
Tony unbuttons his vest, drapes it over the couch. He slips out of his pants, so tense, so elegant, such anger in his muscles, such deliberacy. Steve knows what that is, recognizes it easily. Tony is at war.
“I understand,” Tony is saying. “Really, I do, it’s – you seem very wholesome.” He rubs his hands together over and over, like he does when he’s working out a problem on the map board. Tony lets out a piteous little chuckle for Steve’s benefit, but his eyes are flat and dull. “I’m not–” He stops himself short.
“I should shower,” Tony says, pulling on his pants, pressing his cock back under his zipper. He doesn’t spare Steve a second glance.
Oh, god. Steve is a monster. He is seven kinds of liar and Tony will still twist himself into knots to take the blame for a stranger.
Futurist, he would always tell anyone who wanted to listen. It was his byline. People stopped seeing him, after a while.
Steve slips back into the shadows like a wraith. He’ll follow, for now. His costume is dark enough, his shield is gone. There’s nothing to attract the light. He can clock them from the rooftops, make sure they get where they’re going safely. They drift down 8th and their perfume follows them in a cloud, spicy and floral, like the stuff Tony used to wear. They clutch at each other’s arms and laugh. Steve thinks about standing at the gates to the mansion, arm-in-arm. Assemble.
, what the fuck do you want me to do about Thanos anyway, what can I do that a god and whatever - Carol is - can't, Nat, I'm just
Steve thinks he expected Tony to kiss like kissing is a sport, like Tony does everything else, all confidence and power and that reminder that you’re in the presence of greatness. This isn’t like that; this is a seduction and Steve doesn’t fully understand why Tony would bother, Steve is a stranger, they’ve done something filthier than this already but Tony is so
, catches the rim of his cockhead on Steve’s lips. Bends to kiss him when Steve’s lips become sticky, makes it wet and filthy, and then it’s his cock nudging at Steve’s lips again. Steve dares to lap at him, just once, and Tony takes it away, leaves him flushing and wanting and hot.
The village, where vice isn’t vice and all his worst ideas are acceptable. He fumbles for the card in his belt, runs his thumb over the stamp.
He knows he doesn’t deserve to sit in Nick Fury’s chair, knows it was supposed to be Steve, knows the situation has been sliding out of his hands for weeks, for months, but he doesn’t actually expect what comes out of the commissioner’s mouth.
Knot me, Tony says, insensate, and tries to jam his body onto Steve's. He feels himself tear. He feels like he's fucking a beta with no face and no name and nothing to hurt him. He can sense Steve is alpha, barely - the knot, the timbre of his voice that awakens absolutely nothing in him, the way he buries his face in Tony's neck every 30 seconds, just to see, just to taste.
He slows to a halt. He calls the storage place and has all of the stuff from the memorabilia room re-packed and sent back to the tower. It sits around the door, untouched. A barricade. A collection of monsters. He thinks about opening the boxes but his keys are across the room and it is so, so much easier to sit here on this empty floor and let the sun go down and watch the Helicarrier fade into the horizon.
Tony feels jagged, unpalatable. All the things he says are slightly too mean. Too intense. Not enough.
Steve’s face says he doesn’t really want to come back from this. Steve has always carried hurts in his bones.
Carol stands up and her fists glow. “I outrank you, Shepherd,” Carol says. “I’m registered and I do have the authority to relieve you of your duty. Keep your
“Ok,” Steve says, and lets go long enough to slide around the coffee table to sit next to Tony. “We’ll deal with it, we’ve done it before and we’ll do it again,
“I’m worried I’m turning into something bad,” Tony tells him. “I feel like I looked into a funhouse mirror and saw my darkest self, I feel like.” He trails off, shakes his head like he can rid himself of the demons. “Jocasta says it’s replacing my heart tissue,” he says. “I don’t know how to fix it, it was
“Jesus, Stark,” Steve says, and kicks one of Tony’s workbenches hard enough that it collapses. “Will you stop fucking crying?”
He does everything right. He sits before the commission and doesn’t look at the cameras and he fits his face into a smile and he doesn’t lie: yes, he gave the order to enter Chinese airspace, yes, he allowed a malicious neoplasm based on an extremis variant to infect his hardware and therefore compromised national security, yes, he led the response team in Omaha that got three of his team killed, yes, he threatened Paragon with bodily harm in that hospital, yes, he neglected his duties as Director of SHIELD, yes, he concealed the deterioration of his own mental health and people died for it.
He's sitting in a chair, probably Nebula's doing. She likes to practice her kindness on him. His limbs feel prickly and weak, deep pain and fatigue shot through his bones. He can't see his chest rising and falling in his periphery when he breathes. He is scant and he can see the stars and he feels -
He slides onto the dance floor and tries not to think about the feel of Steve’s body on his and the gaping hole behind his ribs and his garbage legacy.
He draws out a single cigarette and looks to his left. The man next to him has been watching – Steve isn’t stupid, he knows what he looks like. Knows he commands attention. This man is tall and brunette and muscular, deep brown eyes, too-tanned skin. He offers Steve a light and Steve dips his head and murmurs thanks and turns away like it’s nothing, like he doesn’t love it, like he isn’t flushing hard enough that his cheeks feel hot.
Steve takes it with more grace than Tony anticipates. He hates it. He wants Steve to fight back. He wants the Steve that is a little too arrogant and a little too strong and a little too Alpha for his own good.
“Don’t,” Tony breathes. He’s slipping, he wants to grip the edge of his seat but his broken hand is sealed up inside the cuff and he tries to match his breathing to the hiss of the recycled air–
Maybe he shouldn’t have let this happen. Maybe he shouldn’t have let himself fall in love so quickly. He twists his wedding band on his finger and wonders if there’s anything he can do to quell the burgeoning resentment curling in his belly. Did the serum do that, too? Has he gone soft? Was he always sharp edges or is this a consequence of existing out of time?
He’s so naked in the face of Tony’s ire, so defenseless, his hot shame on display for Tony and the rats to see.
Tony slides his cock against Steve’s face. Tony’s well-groomed, and his pubes scratch at Steve’s cheek. It leaves Steve with a pleasant stinging burn; affection laced with pain just feels like pleasure, now. Tony is loosening: his stance widens, he relaxes his muscles like he’s finished a particularly satisfying round of stretches. Steve keeps his mouth open, ready, tries not to be needy about it. He fails; he’s transparent, he’s panting and he’s drooling down his chin and Tony just runs the head of his cock all around Steve’s lips, lets Steve smell how wet he is, lets Steve suffer.
Tony was the worst, if he’s honest. Some part of him, the scared little boy part, wanted to hear a story from the mouth of Cap himself.
This office is where Tony entertains his peers: wealthy investors, journalists that want to interview him about his humanitarian work. Lobbyists. Members of Congress who would like to see Steve extradited and hung for treason.
Tony looks like he wants to say something cutting and glib, but it passes over his face and resolves itself into hot arousal-shame. He ducks his face, like there’s anywhere for him to hide here. “I love that you made this for me,” he says hoarsely. “I’m so hot,” he whispers. “Conceptually hot. Jesus, Steve. The things I would do for you.”
We need this, Steve says. He buries his face in Tony's shoulder, nibbles around his collarbone, bites hard enough to draw blood. Humps Tony's hip until he finally figures out he can rip Tony's towel off.
The moon is breaking through the clouds, now, the sky has cleared. He can see how deep the blue of Tony’s eyes runs. A traffic light at an empty intersection behind Tony flips to green.
He’s glitching. He’s not supposed to glitch anymore. He’s pieced himself together with patch after patch. He can't touch Extremis. He's been bound in every conceivable fashion.
This is what the future feels like, Steve thinks, and he presses the man up against the wall, crowds into him. He’s gonna bust a seam if he doesn’t get what he’s looking for soon. They’re of equal height, almost, and he can feel the man’s collar rubbing against his bare chest. Silk. He would know, it’s all Tony wore. This one is clearly acquainted with glamour; Steve can still taste his cologne on his tongue. Steve would paint him if this were a different kind of courtship, would have him strewn out on red silk to set off the blues in his pale skin. He nips at the man’s ear and imagines the intimacy of arranging his limbs.
His eyes find Steve’s as he’s pulled away: sitting in the commissioner’s chair, turning the gavel over in his hands, judge, jury, executed.
He hits the ground, grits out a scream as he falls on his hands. He tries to kick but his feet are shackled together and all he manages is a pathetic little jerk.
He hefts Tony into the armchair in the corner while he strips the bed. He gets stuck on a corner: he pulls it and pulls it until he rips the sheet, and then he slides down to sit on the floor and cries. He's always been an ugly crier: blotchy-faced, red-eyed, snotty as hell.
It’s so gentle, and then Tony is more insistent, takes the inch Steve has offered and makes it into his own mile, puts his hands on Steve’s cheeks and strokes over the stubble like he loves it, and Steve is desperately glad one of them is sober. Steve’s hands find Tony’s waist, he’s so hot through his shirt, the small of his back is so bony, god, is he sick? Was it always like this?
“Then what,” Steve says. “Did you just decide we were all moving too slow for you and you were gonna become a cyborg?”
“I’m why we needed this,” Tony says. “I explained this to you. Someone needs to watch the watchers, Steve.” He thinks most of it is unintelligible. He thinks he’s bleeding into his brain. He smells the metal of Steve’s scale and for a moment he’s able to imagine that they had this together.
“Why don’t you take that off,” Tony whispers back, and he tugs at the guy’s mask. He tries an arm around his waist, firm, solid, hot. Tony is hard and it’s obvious. He thinks he’d be more of a gentleman about it under normal circumstances, but in this place, it’s like a handshake.
“You know something,” Steve says, and pops another fry into his mouth. “You’ve never apologized to me. I'm honestly not sure it's ever occurred to you.”
Leonard raises his hands.  “Are you going to shoot me, Tony?” Leonard says, in that damnably calm voice.
Something stirs in his hindbrain. He distantly wants to allow Steve to take more. The impulse is buried, but not gone. He wants to be gracious.
,” and Tony’s hands are shaking. “It’s deeper than it was yesterday, I think it’s – it’s adapting, or something, what if I come out like Ultron, what if it’s controlling me–”
The music is picking up now. Frantic strings. The throng of people pulses around them like a beating heart. The two of them are standing still while couples writhe and fuck and groan all around them. Tony gets a better glimpse of his quarry as the lights strobe over them and he could look at this man’s body for days. He feels his heart fluttering again, feels himself getting hard. Already wants another bump, another few, another drink, but it’s too soon. He’s thankful for the beat of the music, the lighting that disguises how fucking tweaked he is. He wonders about this man. Too wholesome for this crowd, maybe. Not dirty enough.
Steve, inscrutable – his arms crossed, that infuriating cold impartiality written into the lines on his face – is the last thing Tony sees before one of them steps on his wrist and he’s out.
, and wouldn’t that be a scandal if anyone made him? He can see the Bugle headlines now – Nomad caught in perverted tryst with Maggia Ringleader. 15 dollars a person, a thousand people a night – it’s a wonder the IRS isn’t swarming the place. It’s the perfect front.
Tony plays Poco at a volume that is almost certainly damaging to drown him out and works on his blueprints. His mind works slowly and some days not at all. He snaps pencils and redoes his math over and over again and doesn't return any of his phone calls. It is the only way he knows to carry on. This is his job: build himself a shell, again and again and again, tighter to his skin with every iteration to disguise what he’s cut out and left behind.
, he wants to ask. Steve is fairly certain he doesn’t deserve this kind of care. It doesn’t feel right. He thinks he probably intended to be alone.
But Steve sinks his teeth into Tony's neck and it's so perfect he wants to die so nothing can ever ruin it.
Tony takes more Klonopin and drinks the gross DC tap water straight from the sink and looks in the mirror. “I’m fucked,” he says. “It’s fine. You can say it.”
it’s his job to be the disciplined one but Tony’s mouth is on his neck and there was never really a chance, was there, because being with Tony is like being dragged into the eye of a hurricane.
, Steve whispers to him, and Tony nods. Tony grits his teeth but he still groans when Steve gets an arm under him and around his back. He walks like he’s been hobbled, like his knees are rusting and his joints have been knocked out of place. Steve pulls the covers over him and makes him take aspirin and surrenders Jocasta’s projector so Steve can’t call an ambulance.
He slides around behind steve, presses his hands to the flat of Steve’s chest. Tony is not in a generous mood tonight; he gives only what he has to – a single caress to Steve’s right nipple, the suggestion of playing with Steve’s painfully hard cock, one feather-light kiss to Steve’s shoulder blade. Steve would like to think it’s preoccupation but nothing is uncalculated, anymore, between them.
It goes on. Tony told Steve what happened with Mallen but most of it stayed between them, so Maya is able to distill the whole situation with Mallen down to Tony’s ego. Tony’s arrogance.
“Are you one of Hammer’s?” Tony says, weary, like Steve is just one in a long line of strangers to let him down. “Am I your
Steve does his best, but he can only do so much. He finds an expensive jar of aloe under Tony’s sink, rubs it between his palms and then massages it into Tony’s too-tanned skin. He takes Tony’s face gently in his hands and cradles his cheeks, wipes away his dirty tear tracks, feels the sunburn-heat coming off Tony’s skin.
“Hi,” he says, Queens through and through. He takes his time, lets his eyes rove, up, down, just below the belt. “I like your outfit,” the man says, and leans closer. “We could go upstairs,” he says, low in his throat.
Steve shows up sometimes, watches from Tony’s couch, lies down on Tony’s cot like he’s bleeding out in the street again. Punches the steel-reinforced wall until his hands bleed like the rest of him is bleeding. He draws in one of Steve’s old sketchbooks, once, for nostalgia –
Tony’s smile is threadbare. “Okay,” he says. “Right to business. I got your delivery. You don’t want the mansion?”
Donna Summer sings, and Steve couldn’t find stillness in him if he tried. The man tilts his head, considering, gently, gently slides his hand around to run the tips of his fingers through the hair on Steve’s chest. He fingers the hem of Steve’s suit, lets his fingertips trail just under the hem, over his abs, down to his navel. Steve thinks he does an admirable job of holding himself back – he doesn’t gasp, he doesn’t moan. Wants to. Doesn’t know who he’s saving himself for.
situation.” She draws the words out, crowds him, sets Tony’s heart racing again. “But you need to fucking check yourself,” she tells him. “You need to pull it the fuck together.”
“Hey,” Carol snaps, and Shepherd visibly pales. “Don’t fucking test me. He’s schizophrenic and he’s worth ten of you,” she spits.
“You saved the world,” Steve reminds him, and Tony bites at his lip and shoves the crystal right off the coffee table and onto the floor.
“Do you want me to fuck you,” Steve says, because the head of his cock is bumping the back of Tony’s throat and he isn’t gonna last if he keeps going at warp 10 like this –
He knows better than to ask if Tony is getting anything out of this, because depending on the day Tony will turn ice cold or burn twice as hot, because Tony is already using one hand to pull himself out of his pants and the moan he lets out when he finally gets the zipper down makes it abundantly clear that he’s hard as nails already.
He’s not lying; Tony is hard. The head of his cock is flushing a deep purple-pink. The late afternoon light casts him in golds and pinks – the bronze of his tan skin, the flush creeping up his chest.
Tony slowly untangles himself, guides Steve’s body, props him up against the couch. The buzzing stops, and Tony’s fingers find the base of the plug and gently remove it from Steve’s body. He undoes Steve’s straps with clinical efficiency. He breathes evenly, not like he used to, not with the thing lodged in his chest. He runs his hands over Steve like he’s checking a piece of machinery. He must be pleased with what he finds; he doesn’t linger. He ducks into the bathroom and comes back with an armful of white steaming towels.
Tony doesn’t warn Steve when he’s coming. Steve keeps it in his mouth, crawls back up Tony’s body, carefully holds himself over Tony’s prone body without touching, without weight, kisses the taste of him right back into Tony’s mouth.
More accurately, he hires people to renovate for him because if he has to go upstairs, where he slept with Rumiko, with Maya, never with Steve –
“Go fuck yourself,” Tony gasps. His hands are tingling. His heart skips and stutters, feels like it’s dislodged in his chest.
“Is this not good enough for you,” Tony murmurs. “Are you better than the rest of us, Steve, do you require special treatment?”
Tony doesn’t stare him down, doesn’t fight, doesn’t even tell him he was inordinately shitty to Rhodey.
He gets out of bed. The heart monitor beeps wildly. Steve gets his hands out, like Tony's holding a weapon and he needs to be talked down.
Don't be stupid, he says, and Tony feels him bend, feels his plush mouth against the erogenous zone on the back of his neck.
Tony lies there on the couch looking more apprehensive than enthusiastic, so Steve just strokes his hand down Tony’s thigh. “You don’t have to do anything,” Steve says. Tony’s face is still wet.
Extremis goes offline for the last time, and Tony looks at Steve for the first time in a long time through his own inadequate, human eyes.
Steve stood in this workshop, not too long ago, and called him reckless. Said he was drifting away from humanity. Said he was losing what made him the man Steve was proud to stand beside.
He tries to sit up and screams. His ribs, his wrist. One of his eyes is swollen completely shut. He shivers. He feels like he’s going to shake out of his skin. He feels like he used to feel before a cardiac event. He bites into his own arm and lets out an animal scream that echoes off the walls. He’s cold. He can’t feel his legs.
“Ok, I know. Just look at me,” Carol murmurs. Tony looks at his hands and reminds himself that his lungs can expand to fill his chest now, that he is mostly whole. That he is unremarkable with the fucking anklet and the situation has spiraled out of his control, he needs a drink, he needs a drink –
He wishes he could blame it on his better judgment. He turns on his heel and pretends he’s brave and walks away.
“I’m sorry,” Tony says, completely without guile. “I just – you look like a marine, you carry yourself – I should have thought. People come here to forget about the war. I’m sorry.”
He lets Tony sleep. He lies on his back, aware that there is a body next to him and there is a wall between them and it is his fault. Tony’s eyes dart behind his closed eyelids and Steve thinks about the way they went eerie and white when Tony sent that pulse through himself, thinks about the way his body jerked as the arc brought the ceiling down on them.
Steve is nowhere close to sleep when his neighbors come up the fire escape at around one. Their feet fall heavy on the wrought iron and they’re drunk enough that Steve can smell it underneath the smoke from the cigarette they’re sharing. He rolls over in bed, watches their dark silhouettes through his billowing, moonlit sheers.
He humps at air, unrecognizable to himself. The bed creaks and Steve is so solid and he bores into Tony's body and he is rapture and he smells amazing and he says
Tony’s eyes widen, a little. “Are you asking me how I could save your life? Because if it’s you or me it’s not really a question–”
Tony walks through the portal and across the bridge and through the dark that goes up and up and up. It’s what he imagines the galaxy feels like.
In his dreams, he feels blows to the armor as direct hits to his limbic system. The armor wasn’t that advanced when it was happening, but he has adapted so his subconscious doesn’t know the difference. He has just enough presence of mind to be grateful for that, that past-him didn’t fix it. He wants it to hurt.
,” Tony says again, clings, tighter, abandons his own erection entirely and just ruts shamelessly against Steve’s stomach, Steve knows he must be close, he’s so thick and dark and Steve can
“You’re not a coward,” Steve says, because he doesn’t want to talk about Rumiko, he’s made it clear, but Tony barrels on –
Tony nods to himself, like all the energy has drained out of him in one great rush. “But I made a mess of everything,” he says. His fingers trace the metal thing in his chest, beneath the blanket; Steve can hear it sliding against Tony’s skin.
He wasn’t, he knows. But that’s how they are: chances lost, opportunities missed. Steve doesn’t have a heartbeat. Tony’s waited too long, again. Steve has an I-Beam through his chest and Tony started this petty little war.
It doesn’t take much; Tony is right there, hot and solid and alive. Whole. Pressed up against Steve’s side.
“What do you think I’m trying to do,” Tony says, because he’s cruel, or dense, or tired. Maybe he really believes, in his heart of hearts, that it’s going to be okay.
Steve tries to pull his arm away but Tony refuses, digs his fingernails in because he is so tired of being the only one with a heart saturated with the grief of it all. He presses his fingertips against the fresh white-pink scar carved into Steve's forearm.
“How’s your girlfriend,” Steve asks, and shoves a single fry in his mouth. “Amara? Pretty,” he says. “She looks smarter than you.”
“–what fucking possessed you,” the man is whispering. "I hate magic." He’s stroking Steve’s forehead, he’s smoothing his hair back. The guy’s hands are shaking, but it’s nice. Gentle. Steve’s hands shake sometimes, too, and it feels kind so Steve takes it. He feels like he’s going to be sick and he thinks about how nice the man’s voice is and he gets that feeling again. The sensation that someone is stabbing him with an icepick and it’s his fault. He tastes iron. He feels blood trickling out of his nose.
He comes out of sleep slowly, and runs his hand across his eyes to find that his face is wet with tears. He lays in bed and tries to shake himself from the half-awareness.
He waits for his nose to stop tingling and goes for his wallet and fumbles over the hard edge of his Avengers ID card as he’s trying to slide his credit card back in. He takes it out, puts it on the table, lines it up neatly with the edge. Stares at his faded signature, and – Steve’s, the dark battery indicator light, the play of the dim basement light over Iron Man’s face.
“Right after you left, actually,” Tony says, strangled and relieved all at once, like he’s been dying to say it to someone. “It’s been a shitty few years, Steve,” he tells his feet.
Tony reaches out his hand, his blue pea coat is ripped – tries to lever his weight up over one of the drone plane’s wings, screams with the effort of it –
He hears the horse-clomp of their shoes and he moves forward, just inside, so they don’t run him over, and together they float toward the audible throng inside, the sea of people and the smell of sex and sweat and alcohol.
It’s exactly the right thing to say to push every one of Steve’s buttons at once, and Steve despises him for it.
Tony feels one of his teeth come loose, feels his cheekbone fracture, scrabbles blindly to put his hands on Steve’s body.
The man finds his hand there where Steve is clutching at himself, places it on the back of his head, then settles his own hands firmly on Steve’s thighs. Waits.
Tony looks at him like he’s trying to see through to that dark place that Steve is so good at burying, and Steve meets his eyes for a fraction of a second before he’s pulling his hand away and drifting back around the island to fix Tony’s coffee.
Tony bumps up against the back of his throat. “Sorry,” Steve hears. “I’m sorry.” Steve grabs Tony’s hips and takes him until he’s swallowing compulsively to avoid retching all over the bed:
“Are you, Tony?” He slams the door to the fridge and it swings back open; he’s dented the frame and the seal. He swears, he puts it back in place. “Because your heart stopped and then it started again, so tell me what that is.”
Tony kisses like he’s trying to solve a puzzle. Like he’s somehow grown a sixth sense along with that new fancy gold skin of his and he’s trying to work out whether or not Steve is full of bullshit. Butterfly kisses to his bottom lip, gentle nips where the slick inside of Steve’s mouth meets his. He draws it out, drags his teeth over Steve’s lower lip, gives him the faintest edge of tongue. Testing for boundaries he won’t find.
, obviously, but he’s a big boy, everyone in the city knows what this place is for. Maybe he’s one of those guys who wants to be ruined.
Steve doesn't like that, and a half-snarl curls out of his throat before he grits his teeth. He rucks up the back of Tony's gown, doesn't even ask about it, doesn't preface it with
Tony takes it like a physical blow; Steve can see the moment it registers on his face: split-second shame. But Tony has always been clever about his face and everything is clearer now without the haze of smoke and heat and rhythm, it’s all right there, Steve would know him anywhere –
Steve nods. “Maybe you did,” he says, carefully, “but we’ll fix it.” Steve says. He’s close enough to reach Tony’s knees, scabbed and scraped and bandaged, but he puts his hands there, solid, warm, grounding (he hopes). He kneads Tony’s thighs, he tries to catch Tony’s eye.
He creeps back into the bedroom to get shorts and socks. He leans back on the bed and lets himself look at Tony laid out in the sunlight. He’s still sleeping – it’s been 16 hours, but he deserves it. Needs it. Tony moans in his sleep occasionally, tries to roll over on his side and rolls right back. Steve thinks some of his ribs are broken. The blinds are still down but the curtains have been pulled back and Tony glows in the sunlight that falls on his bare skin – sunburnt, abraded, savaged.
“Tony, my guy,” Rubell is saying, his maroon-jacketed arm slung around Tony’s shoulders like they’re the best of friends. Rubell is already tweaked; he looks at Tony’s tabletop project and tuts. “And to think that I brought this over here, just for you.” He tosses another vial onto the coffee table while Tony cuts his lines.
He falls on his back, and the air is cut with the smell of forest and gore and metal and burning rubber. The mud soaks into his clothes, runs up his back – he blinks, his eyes are burning, he can’t find his feet –
It’s not difficult to pretend to be somewhere else. He is blunted and dull. His mind is slow. Extremis feels like a half-remembered dream. He is still dangerous, they tell him. He will always be dangerous. He is given pills and he no longer asks what they are. He has stopped measuring the passage of time. Sometimes they give him shots and he loses days.
Almost as blond as Steve, Tony thinks, and eyes almost as blue beneath the mask that covers half his face. He’s dressed like that vigilante no one could track down, the one they all placed bets on. Wayfarer, or something. Rover? Tony thinks he used to have a cape. Tony’s not stupid enough to think he’s actually the same guy, probably just a lookalike – but it doesn’t stop the smirk from crossing his face. Rubell must have been foaming at the mouth.
they say. He hasn’t spoken with any of the Avengers: packed up and left like he was never there in the first place. He follows their exploits in the papers. He is removing himself from what he used to be. He wants to celebrate, not be celebrated, so he renders them in his own hand, bright and smiling for the comic books. His colorist gets the color of Tony’s eyes wrong, sometimes.
Steve's always been dragging that frozen mausoleum of his around. Tony picks up wood to build his own pyre. They've never been able to really open the link with the chasm between them. Steve likes to blame the serum. It's easier than an admission: complicity, love.
Why stop at a heart? Why risk it? Somewhere, Reed Richards tells him over a cup of coffee, there’s a Steve that died in the war. There is a Steve that lived to marry Margaret Carter. There is a Steve and there is a Tony and somewhere, in some universe, they’re fine.
Tony wraps a hand around Mystery Man’s neck to level himself up. “Come with me,” he whispers, and he grazes the guy’s earlobe with his teeth. “I want to blow you.”
In the end, some PhD candidate from Johns Hopkins tells Steve he has to do the mending the old-fashioned way. Tony is malnourished, gaunt, fatigued from the weight of being flinging himself into combat with that purple monster. His body can't handle anything else. Mainlining fertility drugs will send him into cardiac arrest. Bruce is gone; there's no one to supervise.
He gets to one of Steve’s oldest helmets, holds it in his hands, brushes his thumb over the a rendered in lead paint.
It’s time for his line. This is his favorite part – it’s like all the adrenaline rushes out of him at once, and he is left with Steve, and Steve is sorry and for one moment, Tony is vindicated.
“Yeah,” Tony says, his voice breaking on the end of it, and Steve’s anger melts away, because Tony toes up to wrap his arms around Steve. “So I have this heart thing.”
Tony tastes like cardamom and, faintly, curry. He kisses back, clumsy and slow and soft. There’s no room for fervor in their sex anymore. Tony would probably still call it lovemaking. No more Tony with his filthy mouth jumping Steve in the elevator. He’s mostly still, mostly quiet. His mouth is dry from the meds he’s on. He tries to catch his breath between Steve’s tongue nudging at his bottom lip and Steve’s rough hands stroking down Tony’s neck. Feels like claustrophobia, Tony had told him, once. Like he’s always drowning and there’s a 50-pound weight resting on his chest.
Steve feels so swollen, so sore, that he thinks he’s going to die if Tony doesn’t give him some place to put his cock.
“Take a breath,” Tony tells him, and he slides just the tip of his cock onto Steve’s tongue. He tastes like Tony’s cotton/poly underwear, salty. Tony is cut and Steve would spend hours dragging his mouth over the velvety pebbled skin of him if Tony would let him.
He imagines his funeral: closed casket, maybe a handful of people standing around a shallow grave if there’s any justice. He thinks about Steve’s.
Tony doesn’t warn him, this time, doesn’t tell him to breathe. Doesn’t care. Puts both of his hands in Steve’s hair. He steps in closer, his ankles pressed against the inside of Steve’s thighs, and Steve can feel him going up on his toes. Tony sighs, moans, pulls his hair harder than he needs to. Steve’s eyes burn with tears, and it’s good, it’s brutal and Tony doesn’t care how he feels. He could be anyone, he’s nothing, he kneels and receives and disappears.
“Steve,” Tony says, sharper, and grabs his wrist – his fingers barely fit around Steve’s massive forearm. “Fuck me like you mean it,” Tony says, and props himself up on his shoulders.
Tony looks at the parachutes hanging on the wall, if he waits it will stop, if the plane were to crash right now, if he could edit his code, it would stop –
He drives the nine blocks and parks up on the sidewalk in front of the tower complex. The doorman holds the doors open and people stare at him as he takes an eternity crossing the giant Resilient branding on the floor to get to the elevator. He supposes that soon it, too, will be gone. He tries to imagine the tower filled with strangers. With civilians. He doesn’t recognize anyone behind the desk, these days. They don’t know him, either – he leans on the counter while they call security and get him a retina scan.
Tony kicks Leonard’s arm away, stands, fires off a repulsor blast that goes through Steve’s chest and leaves a smoldering black mark scorched into the wall.
He will dress himself in his best suit and he will go before the Committee and he will be asked to prove what an enormous hypocrite he isn’t. Jen says she has a plan. She has given him notes; she has given him things to memorize. He will deliver all of it perfectly and they will still strip him of his position and throw him to the wolves. He knows he’s violated the SHRA on multiple occasions. He wrote it.
His quarry strides through it all like this is his kingdom and Steve should be honored to be here. Steve thinks if this were a different time, a different place, he would take him back to his apartment and spend the rest of the night in bed with him.
Maria makes it clear she thinks it’s inappropriate, but what is he going to do? No one wants to look at Tony Stark. He’s growing pale, too much time in the suit. He probably has a dress uniform somewhere, but this is what he wore to all of his friends’ funerals, so it's good enough for his agents'.
“Yeah, I know, 'the mission,' you’re addicted to adrenaline, whatever,” Tony says, and Steve is reminded that Tony is one of the smartest men in the world.
He carries Steve’s LMD through the crowd and bears each and every one of Sam’s dirty looks. The crowd stretches on forever – a sea of black umbrellas. The rain runs off his jacket and the water crawls up his socks. Steve’s fucking statue towers before them. Extremis picks up the distant hum of the Helicarrier engines.
Steve is in him, he realizes, Steve has been in him for a while, is driving their bodies together with desperate compulsion. Tony's body is such confounding knot of pain that he can barely separate one sensation from the next. He runs through variant after variant of protest. If you loved me you wouldn't. I won't forgive you. You won't forgive you.
Steve sits in his chair and tries to remember what it felt like to be confident. To bend people to your will without really trying.
“Am I dying,” Steve says. It’s pathetic, it comes out as a hoarse little whisper. He’s trying to remember if he has affairs to put in order. He’s dimly aware of his heartbeat. He thinks he had ideas about his own death. He thinks he’s been meaning to die for a while.
“I thought it was ok, too,” Tony echoes, drumming his fingers absently around the casing. “It’s not so bad,” he says, and his gaze slides past Steve again. “I got through the chest plate,” he croaks, like he’s giving himself the world’s shittiest pep talk. “I can get through it, it will be fine, it’s not a big deal–”
Steve glares. “Yeah, I love you, too. Start talking or I’m putting my clothes on and walking out the door, Tony,” he snaps.
Steve can’t help it, he’s gone. He’s done. He whimpers into Tony’s open mouth and Tony won’t stop clenching, won’t let him pull away, won’t stop sucking at his neck.
Tony kisses him back. Pulls away. Brings one hand up to Steve’s face, thumbs at the tear that’s trickled down over Steve’s lips. “Steve,” he says. “Talk to me.”
“I’d never go to 54 without you, babe, you’re so gorgeous, you’re better than any of those phonies, look at me, mm,
Steve grabs Tony around the waist because he is so close and warm and tender and he is somehow, miraculously, Steve’s. Tony misinterprets; he leans in for a kiss and Steve ducks away because having Tony like this inspires something capricious and mean in him.
He pulls himself the fuck together. Freshens his face, wipes his tears away. Smudges his makeup, runs a hand through his hair. Does three shots in a row back at the bar to get the taste of Steve’s come out of his mouth.
Steve harbors expectations of easiness. As if the wound will heal if he can only hold it closed long enough. As if reconciliation is certain to follow.
He’s so bashful, now. Turns his head away, barely looks at Steve when they do this. Once upon a time it was
I wanted to give you a choice, Steve says, wretched, and it's the first time Tony's heard his voice in two years. He sounds older. You didn't break the bond right, he chokes out, like he's barely holding back his own tears.
“Oh,” Steve says, and Tony is still pressing his body against Steve’s, and Steve can see the scarring from his surgery through that big gap in his shirt if he looks hard enough –
Tony leans in, kisses him gently on the cheek. Runs his fingers around Steve’s neck, checks the collar.
They’ve always had their rough patches. As a team, as the two of them. Wanda was bad, but it’s the confluence of all of it, this time. The tower. Thor, dead. Bucky, fake-dead. Norman Osborn.
Steve’s anger doesn’t evaporate, just stacks and folds and collapses into a tight parcel that settles deep in his stomach. He can table the ugly things he wants to shout at Tony, why didn’t you fucking call me and why didn’t you tell me and why aren’t you ok.
Why are you letting me, Steve says. He pumps the base of the thing idly and Tony wants to tell him to stop, to let him rest. Steve finds another stray trickle and rubs it over Tony's lips, smooths his hair back from his face.
, he wants to say, he feels like he’s humping a pillow, Tony’s thigh is sticky and hot and Tony is whispering in his ear, telling him things like
He gets a handful of Tony’s cock. He just wants to feel him. He’s been here. It doesn’t feel real, he’s half-convinced he’s in an illusion. He slides Tony’s skin up and down, a single stroke. He can feel the adrenaline spike, and if this is what touching Tony does to him he never wants to stop –
He takes good care of Tony. He wipes down his skin as much as he dares without disrupting the scent layer he's been painstakingly trying to establish. He smears his come on the Synth-O patches and places them gently. He dutifully performs his 14 hours of surface contact a day. He hauls an entire fridge into the elevator from the game room. He tips bottles of water against Tony's chapped lips. He lets Tony mix his come into chocolate pudding and he does his best not to seem hurt that Tony can't keep it down unadulterated.
It comes out too confident, too defensive, like he’s sure of himself. Like he’s not sorry for any of it. Tony’s whole body goes stiff and he picks his head up and
sounds like a lie. None of it just happened, not for either of them. He doesn't know how to tell him about the dark and the blood and the drifting without harm. He hopes Steve understands. He blinks a slow blink, enjoys the dullness the sedatives impart.
It’s completely unsatisfying, he doesn’t even stop being hard, it just trickles down his shaft in a pathetic little rivulet like he’s tipped over the edge for a split-second and then he’s right back at almost-satisfied, almost-there. He wants to cry in frustration – he might be, Tony is running a thumb over his face, Tony is still in his mouth, Tony is feeling his lips where they’re stretched around his cock.
“Nnnnghhh,” Steve says, as Tony pulls it half out of him. The plug is less than nothing, Steve runs through 15 possible outcomes and five of them are Tony fucking him from behind, he wants that, it feels like his whole brain lights up when he thinks about it, that’s what he wants to ask for –
“Then why is he in here,” Tony says, shuffling through Steve’s notes like nothing is wrong, like he doesn’t look wretched and his beard isn’t coming in all over his cheeks. “We have Thaddeus Ross on the team, we let anyone join up these days, what is this – Cloak and Dagger won’t be on a team with me, Steve,” he says, bitter and exhausted.
The Commander is in Liberia with his SHIELD team waiting for extraction when his sat phone turns itself on and rings.
He still dreams about it, sometimes, of kneeling over him in the street with his shield held ready to fall, or of shaking hands and pressing that electron-scrambler onto Tony’s glove and watching his face crumble with a new kind of betrayal. He remembers feeling smug. He remembers thinking:
Tony’s face is wet. He presses his lips together and doesn’t quite make it to a smile. “Thanks, Cap,” he says.
“I should have known, you move like a goddamn ballerina, Steve,” Tony says. “You blush like no one I’ve ever seen. What the fuck did I do to deserve this, why now, why this, why like this–“
You still respond to me, Steve growls in his ear, and Tony feels a stabbing pain blooming in his pelvis. He thinks Steve is tearing him, he thinks Steve doesn't remember his strength. He opens his mouth in a silent scream against the bed. God, he's going to die, he's going to die.
“No,” Steve grunts, and laces his fingers in with Tony’s, dips his head to kiss Tony’s collarbone. “I’ll be fine.”
“You made me forget six people and also genocide the first time. How hard is it to erase one person–”
Steve’s skin is sweaty, he knows, but this man keeps touching him, tracing the lines of his stomach, down, down, feather light, before he wraps his fingers deliberately around Steve’s belt and fumbles with the clasp. The sound is barely audible, lost under the moaning, under the beat. It falls loose around his hips, and Steve thinks that he can only hold off for so long, being teased like this.
Steve makes a decision and lays back, his bare skin against the increasingly sticky leather, and reaches for Tony.
and you just messed it all up because you’re an arrogant son of a bitch. You’re used to getting your way. You thought that thought just because you had some fucking vision, just because you could see some world where this worked out, just because
“What’s my name,” the man says, and when Steve can blink his eyes open he gets to look up into a handsome face and bright blue eyes. He would have been gone for this guy, once upon a time, he thinks. He has the sort of face that starts wars.
“Don’t start with me,” Steve snaps, “I don’t like it when you conveniently forget you’re on a team.”
“Sit up, this isn’t gonna work,” he pants. He looks over his shoulder – his legs might hang off the end of the couch, but he could lie down, and it’s wide enough for Tony to fit a knee on either side of him -
Are you okay, Tony asks him more than once, because he is indisputably fragile, now, and Steve's sadness has always been fucking unbearable.
Tony is shaking out a fresh shirt. He stands facing the window to put it on. “Have your people call my people,” he says. His voice is flat, unreadable. “You know where I live,” he says, quieter.
Steve Rogers corners him in Clint Barton's guest room on a bed too small for the both of them, kicks at his feet hanging over the edge of the bed.
It’s a setback. Tony’s access to SHIELD is more limited, now, but he’s clever enough that he’s irreplaceable, for them. The number of contracts he takes plummets, but he’s still thick as thieves with Maria Hill. Tony manages to work up some of his erstwhile charm and talks her into a deal for one of their training facilities in Florida that they abandoned when their budget got slashed along with everyone else’s.
He needs to get upstairs, where there are strangers to tell him how glamorous he looks and press alcohol into his hands. The rev is building; he needs an anchor. He can already feel his heart pounding in his chest. Dancing would be better; it would feel less like he’s dying again. He should cancel with the cardiologist, he’s starting to think he doesn’t want to stop doing this.
He is not, Steve snaps, and it's real yelling, Alpha yelling that would have brought Tony to his knees once upon a time. I thought he was dead, I thought I was just going to carry this around until I die, it's
because they’ve neutered him and that fucking cuff is still on his ankle and Steve is putting his hand on Tony’s wrist –
Steve drags his body into position. He inches up Tony’s thigh, bends forward, has to rest his head on Tony’s shoulder to do it, nestles his cock just inside the crease where Tony’s thigh meets his torso. His hands are still bound. He is so hard his cock jumps when he touches Tony’s skin.
“Maybe you should have,” Tony says at him. “Maybe you should do that, maybe you should put your fucking money where your
They’re not going to bring him Sampson. He will be surprised if he makes it to the Negative Zone. He thinks about the sea of faceless protestors. He thinks about the footage of Steve choking on his own blood with rotten fruit on his face.
He is puttering when he hears something from the bathroom. He pulls Jocasta out and grabs his shield from where it sits by the door. “Tony,” he says, stalking down the hallway.
Tony is slick enough and hard enough that the silicone sleeve goes on easy. Conditions are ideal. Tony picks his head up, looking suitably shocked, just as Steve is fitting the rest of it over his considerable scrotal volume.
Steve thinks he should be used to it by now. It’s why he decided on the Village when he could have settled anywhere (Jersey City, Queens, across the East River, 42nd to be closer to that penthouse Tony uses when he isn’t staying at the Mansion). He wanted life in all its messy vibrancy. He’ll do anything to get the hum, the ambient city noise to help him sleep: a bottle smashing against a brick wall, raucous shouting. The siren song that’s supposed to drag him from complacency and lure him back into the night.
Tony isn’t allowed visitors, but Carol is registered and moving up in the world of SHIELD and shows up as a stand-in for his parole officer on a Friday afternoon.
“More of that,” Tony breathes. The guy can’t possibly have heard him, but his hands settle against the curve of Tony’s ass. Practically a first date at 54.
. But he is once again, maybe for the last time, in a trap of his own making. Afghanistan v.3-4-5. Utterly alone, whispering into an echo chamber, responsible for generating his own heat, for managing Steve's unbridled rage and shame and guilt. Tony is the only salvation he is ever going to have. He knows it now.
He touches Tony like they used to touch, strokes over his chest, over the divots the nanotech has left. Tony is too weak to even reciprocate, so he lies there and feels his own thready heartbeat and relearns exactly how emaciated he is as Steve traces his ribs.
He kisses Steve’s neck, rubs himself along Steve’s ass. “Tell me, or I’ll drop you in the jet just like this and all your friends will get to see what a fucking whore you are,” he breathes.
He lets the gauntlet slide back into his arm and puts his hand on the bare ice, crystalline blue, a jagged block and Steve’s eyes snap open in his prison, rheumy and bloodshot.
“Is this what you’re getting in Wakanda,” Tony is saying. “Do you let Barnes and Sam double-team you like this, Steve, is that why you’re so hard right now?” He presses the thing all the way into Steve’s mouth.
She rubs his back. She’s not supposed to do that, he’s in custody. She says soothing things under her breath.
It’s different, with Extremis locked down. The shapes of his dreams burn brighter than his waking life does. He looks at his hands, feels the pounding of the foreign thing in his chest. Remembers the raw thrill of being
He lets the gag slide out of his mouth, lets it dangle around his neck. “Fuck me,” he says. “I know you want to,” he says, because goading is coded into both of them, because there’s too much pushed down between the two of them to be kind about it. They’re done with seduction.
Rhodey won’t tell give him specifics beyond ‘Tony is in the hospital’ and ‘potentially serious’ before he backpedals and tells him it’s probably nothing, he’s always had an arrhythmia, even when they were at MIT, pretty common, just doing some tests.
“Do you know how many times I’ve watched your heart stop,” Steve says. “I thought we were past that.”
Steve's hand drapes over his shoulder. He rests it there, dirty. He won't make the move. Tony thinks it diminishes him, that part of his mythos is being a human that never falters.
You don’t have to look at the body, he tells himself, and he pulls on socks with shaky hands. Don’t look at the body, he thinks, and he marches past the gym and the Director’s office and all the men and women in uniforms who whisper about him behind his back.
Steve flickers back, perches in the seat next to Tony, leans in and brushes Tony’s hair behind his ear –
Steve has a thousand barbs for that: for someone so concerned with appearances, he’s doing a shit job of sticking himself together with glue. Where’s his genius now. Where’s the guy on the cover of Forbes. Why won’t he fix himself, why won’t he let them install the pacemaker? Why doesn’t he work with that asshole Richards on a solution instead of fucking away every waking hour playing chess like a useless old man?
Steve moves haltingly, stiff and unmoored. He undresses for the fifth time today. He gets himself out, doesn't meet Tony's eyes. He pulls at his own flesh and lets his gaze drift like he'd rather look anywhere but at Tony himself. He pants.
He is a work of art that is ever-evolving. He is the cutting edge. His firmware will be his fortress. He will step beyond his biological imperatives.
Please what, Tony. Steve rolls his hips and Tony holds himself taut, unmoving. Like if he is still enough, if he complies just enough to weather this coupling, maybe he can survive.
Tony throws the cuffs in a drawer, slams it. Sits in his chair. Looks at the flip phone sitting out on his desk.
You didn’t know him, Steve barreled on, because everyone knew about the Invaders, knew that it couldn’t be Bucky because Steve wouldn’t talk about Bucky. Steve talked about the blood on the floor, about the lurch of the plane as someone tried to right them, as someone else climbed into the seat with the gun to shoot the two German planes down.
“Don’t be coy, darling,” Tony says, and there might be venom there if there wasn’t bone-deep exhaustion. “Who hired you?”
, and there’s a bulge in his pants that says maybe he’s not as pure as Tony thought. Something about that puts him out of Tony’s league, and the anxiety flutters back up.
“You had two heart attacks!” Steve roars at him. “You disappear and instead of seeking medical care like a normal person you experiment on yourself–”
He moves like he’s had training. Dancing lessons. The rev is bothered. Tony will have to ask Jan about it the next time she takes him out to dinner to tell him she’s worried about him. He must be falling out of touch, out of favor, out of circles. A New York blueblood Tony doesn’t know? Maybe not, maybe he has a wife back home in Levittown. Tony doesn’t care. He thinks he should fall out of touch more often.
He cuts himself on it, smears blood all over Tony’s signature. It’s just damaged enough that the light blinks on and off at random. A loose connection. If he had Tony, he’d take it to Tony’s workshop and lean on the door and smirk and say something clever and Tony would take it from him, Tony would say
The families of his employees glance at him, from time to time. He stands perfectly still, dips his helmeted head at the appropriate intervals.
. “Fuck,” He pulls out his wallet and feeds a black credit card into the lock, angles it back and forth, but the door stays solidly closed. He tugs a flask out of his pocket and sips.
“Tony, I don’t think they care about the protocol any more,” Carol says under her breath. “They’re saying you merit a mandatory period of observation, they want a – a baseline. Your physiology is unique, the news really ran with the Extremis thing–”
He wants more than a blowjob if he’s being honest. He wants to take this man, this anonymous, gorgeous man – shirt untucked, pants hiked down to his knees, gripping the balcony until his knuckles go white, pinned, the dance floor laid out below them, and Steve – behind him, maybe, one hand on the nape of his neck and his lips against this man’s spine and –
“I don’t think you know anything about me,” Steve says, and Tony feels like he’s failed in every conceivable way. “I think you had
“Gag me, then, just.” He balls his fist. He’s been kneeling here nursing his anger. He’s ready to bust out of his cuffs and put Tony on his back and take him for a ride himself.
Tony is shaking. He hasn’t moved except to lean his forehead on Steve’s shoulder. Steve can feel him panting, can see his thighs flexing. He uses his free hand to cradle the back of Tony’s hand.
He turns at the last minute, because there is no reality in which Steve Rogers can ever really give a thing up. He bends. He presses a kiss to Tony's forehead.
Every nerve in Steve’s body wants to flip Tony over and wipe the sad little self-deprecating smile off his face and prove him wrong.
Okay, Steve says. His breathing is shallow and uneven. He's crying. You need contact, Tony, he says. Just - just for half an hour. You're - you're crashing. I didn't -
Steve sits in the chair on Tony’s left and frowns. The blood trickling out of the corner of his mouth is a fixture, Tony has realized.
Steve grabs the back of Tony’s head and cradles him, ear to ear, Steve’s lips against his curling dark hair.
Don't ask me that again, Steve says. Don't ask me to knot you. He puts his face right up against Tony's jaw. Tony can just barely feel his teeth, can feel his erection pressing against his own thigh.
The House Oversight Committee for Metahuman Activity gets wind of the whole mess with Gadget and Graviton and Tony Stark’s Unassailable Ego. His administrative leave quietly turns into ‘house arrest.’
“Please,” Tony says. “Just.” He sniffs again, sways on his feet. “Whatever he’s paying you, I’ll pay better–”
He has the decency to sound ashamed. He's not a stupid man. He trips on his failures, circles them endlessly.
After Russia, Tony tries. He shivers. It feels like the wrong thing to say. Too close to an accusation.
He rips up the letter and slams it on the counter. Someone from the desk calls after him, calls him back, but Steve shoves himself through the doors and trusts that the paperwork will make it back to Mr. Stark.
He doesn’t have a choice, in the end – the bouncer is waving someone else in behind him, and he’s trying to look up at the glowing marquee but the ladies are chittering just behind him:
They take his suits away. He is allowed to watch as they pack them up one-by-one and label them and put them in a SHIELD-secure location.
This isn’t that. This is sterile, there’s no mud, no rubble, no stinging smell of gunfire, no bleeding into an ice floe in the perfect stillness of the Arctic wasteland. It’s 2012. There are solutions for this now. People don’t die from heart attacks. They can fix him. They have penicillin and machines and nanotechnology.
Tony flashes him a quick, faltering smile. He blinks his eyes. He folds and unfolds his hands. "Take the house, Steve," Tony says, finally. "Please–"
In Steve’s fantasy, Steve is god and he doesn’t squander his power. He lets himself lapse for one brief moment, and for once, it’s not for anything earth-shattering, not for the greater good. For once he is allowed to be ordinary and selfish. In his fantasy, Steve closes his hand around the Time Gem and he goes back, beyond their failures and betrayals and petty quarrels. He never travels to the future because Tony never violates him. Tony never violates him because there are no incursions. There are no incursions because there are no Avengers. There are no Avengers because Tony died in Afghanistan and Namor never stumbled upon Steve in the ice and so there can be no love and no pain and no heartbreak.
So you say you want a deathbed scene, the knowledge that comes before knowledge, and you want it dirty.
He does paperwork. He ignores the Gadget situation, ignores Sal's death, ignores his most pressing failures, shunts them aside for another day. He signs his name over and over and –
Steve wants to tell him no. That Rumiko is waiting for him, that he shouldn’t squander his chance with her for this.
He sleeps in the workshop on a cot that’s a foot too long for his 6’1” frame while the movers take each and every instance of Steve’s face down from the wall. He lies on his side and faces the wall and turns the thermostat down and the lights off and thinks that if he died down here no one would come looking for him.
It hits him, really hits him, as the wave of shea butter and vanilla hits him. The bond isn't salvageable.
He reaches for the gold before he remembers he’s been decommissioned. There’s no armor, there’s no Extremis, there’s no comm in his ear for Steve to tell him what to do.
Tony brings his own blow and is having a perfectly unremarkable time on the nice leather chesterfield until Steve Rubell finishes schmoozing Mick across the table and swoops over to him.
Steve thinks that it isn’t that people are doomed to repeat the past, it’s just that they don’t know what else to do.
Steve’s throat is raw. He looks at his wrists, looks at the pile of towels. Looks at Tony’s empty glass on the coffee table.
Steve looks at his watch. The blackout gives him seven more minutes. More than enough. “Sue’s not on vacation, Reed,” he says, and digs in his pocket.
They hadn’t spoken for days, not since the diner. Before that it was weeks, and Steve knocked out one of his teeth. Before that, they shared a bed and whispered kind things to each other in the dark and knew that wherever they were going, they were going there together.
He has imagined this so many times in dreams, in nightmares, in the warm circle of Steve's arms, on the cot in his workshop all alone, locked away. He has imagined this laid onto Afghanistan laid atop Siberia until the entire future looks like a black maw when he closes his eyes. He's rehearsed so many times. His existence must now defy probability.
“Oh,” Tony says, and he leans up to reach his arms around Steve’s neck, to say it into the skin around his throat. “
Mystery Man pulls his head and does something that Steve used to do, a kind of double take with his eyes and his mouth pulling up into a bemused smile. He leans back in and mouths “I don’t know how to dance” in Tony’s ear, except he’s a liar and they’re still moving together like the club will just melt away behind them if they can get close enough.
He can’t help the moan that comes out of his throat; he doesn’t want to. He nurtures his anger, he keeps the thing in his mouth even when Tony lets go, suckles at it, imagines it’s Tony’s cock, lets Tony touch him everywhere, lets Tony pinch him and bring tears to his eyes and yank on his lead and close his fingers around the base of the plug.
Tony drifts around the living area. He toes at the file folders strewn over Steve’s floor, doesn’t comment on how they got there. He turns a picture of Bucky’s brainwashed face over.
Steve is sitting in the narrow beam of light, his legs crossed, his shield laid in his lap. He looks like he hasn’t slept in years: red-rimmed, dark-circled, cloudy dead eyes.
Steve suckles on a silicone gag shaped like a cockhead and stretches his wrists as much as he can in his cuffs and feels a trickle of drool running out the side of his mouth. He bites at it, traces the indents with his tongue.
Do you know who you are again, Tony says, through gritted teeth. His head throbs. He's badly dehydrated. He can't summon any inflection at all. He is so deeply tired of this, of this dance, of the two of them.
The sun is just breaking over the lake. It's just dark enough that he can see soft light seeping out from under the bathroom door.
Tony lets out a sigh, wobbles to the ground, rests with his knees bracketing Steve’s. Taps lightly on the head of Steve’s cock because he’s sadistic. Puts his arms around Steve’s neck. Kisses Steve’s shoulder. Kisses his cheek.
Stop, Steve says, an octave below his normal register. You can't wake up the kids. Don't make the bed squeak. He puts one of his fingers shiny with Tony's slick to his lips and tastes it like it's nothing.
Steve is quiet beside him. They sit like that, watching the late afternoon light filter in through the stained glass over the picture window.
“I gave you CPR for thirty seven minutes,” Steve snaps, and his voice echoes off the brick. “They announced you DOA, Tony before you did your creepy Lazarus bit, so don’t sit there and tell me it’s
“Neither are you,” Tony croaks, because Steve is just resting his hand on Tony’s throat, as if he were able to measure veracity through touch alone.
But the feeling, the echo of an echo that's almost as solid in him as the arc once was - it stills. It quiets.
He stays there a while. Tony feels the itch of his come trickling out. Steve must feel it, too, because he collects it with his finger and puts it on Tony's tongue.
Bruce has left instructions. It's hard to get ahold of experts at a time like this, with the world in crisis, but Steve gets someone on the phone, leaves periodically to shout without disturbing Tony.
Maybe Tony's not participating intently enough. Maybe this is truly, all on him. Maybe he doesn't want it. Maybe he's lying.
Steve lays his head on the pillow next to Tony’s and listens for signs of trouble, for wheezing, for wet breathing, for the straining and clenching of the walls of Tony’s heart. It’s one thing Steve can do: stand guard against invisible dangers of the flesh.
It is such a privilege to be the one to make Tony’s brain trip over itself like this, however briefly.
“We’ve been over this, Secretary,” Tony is saying, and Steve never knows how to read his tone anymore. He’s all irritation and smokescreens. He pulls at his tie. He perches on the edge of the coffee table and doesn’t look at Steve and slides his fingers through Steve’s hair just until they catch, just until he has enough to pull.
Sometimes, in these nightmares, he is killing Tony. On the street. In his workshop. Under a red sky as a burning aircraft carrier falls out of the sky to bury their quarrel once and for all.
“We do, actually,” Tony says, and sniffs, wipes his nose on his rolled-up shirtsleeve, “because Peter and Logan just quit and we barely made it out of there, Steve, we can’t sit on our thumbs for this one, Osborn cannot have this team, what if the next thing happens and we’re
Leonard reminds him of Steve, in a way – infuriatingly calm in the face of Tony’s chaos, brimming with quiet judgment. Rooted in firm moral ground. Tony’s never had that, not innately – he needs his anchors - work, alcohol, Steve.
, Tony tells him weakly, and Steve smells like clay, and a little like tobacco - maybe, not quite, something herby - and Tony wants to stick his fucking face in his armpit, he wants to lick every drop of sweat from Steve's body, Steve has his hand clamped over Tony's mouth and Tony doesn't even care. It's an alchemy he's never dreamed he would experience. He would walk back into that cave on his own feet if it meant he could have this forever.
There are SHIELD agents everywhere, so Tony puts his head between his knees and squeezes his broken hand until he’s alone again.
Steve desperately tries to quash the instinct to call for backup and reminds himself that he is the backup.
It’s all Steve can do to try and stop himself from coming, immediately, as he lines up to slide into Tony’s body, but the couch dates back to Howard and it sags under his weight. The head of his cock bumps uselessly against Tony’s balls.
This guy, he said. This kid. ‘Parachutes in the back, boys.’ Steve laughed like he’s the only one in the room. I’ll never forget it. He wouldn’t leave. He made us jump, Steve says. He took off his gun and he knelt down on the floor and he tied the yoke and he held the pilot’s head and held his guts in. Talked to him. It was kind.
Tony, because he’s Tony, is the one that ends up apologizing while Steve opens and closes his mouth like a coward.
Steve strokes down his thighs as if he is a skittish mare, over the place on the back of his neck that makes his body crumple without his consent.
Tony traces the lines of Steve’s pecs in lieu of an answer, touches Steve’s abs, leans down to drag his tongue over drags a finger through his bronze pubes. “Don’t worry about it, Winghead,” he says, like that’s it, like that’s the last word.
“Your nose is bleeding,” Steve says, finally, and Tony’s hand comes up quick as lightning to fix it.
Tony’s hand stays limp, but at least he doesn’t pull away this time, he just sighs like all the fight leaves him at once and finally, finally leans in to Steve’s shoulder. Hides his face. Steve feels a wet spot forming on his sleeve that they’ll never discuss, later. They won’t discuss any of this, later.
Steve’s got a Medal of Honor citation but he still doesn’t have the kind of courage his neighbors have.
He keeps seeing that bundle of metal set into Tony’s bare chest, the raw edges around it like Tony’s body was rejecting it. Keeps wondering:
Steve hangs up the phone because he is no longer strong enough to break it in his hand and digs out his wallet. Tony gave it to him, years ago. It’s just a wallet, plain, brown, faded and scratched, but it’s made it through the end of the world and back. He rifles through it until his fingers find the hard edge of the last Avengers identicard Tony ever made him.
Jesus, he thinks. The man with the goatee grabs his shoulder and leans into his bicep and Steve thinks he’d like to deck this guy. “Don’t be an idiot, gorgeous,” he says, and gestures at the open door. “No one says no to getting into 54. You could be Captain America with those pecs,” he says.
He is masterful as he fits the full jock over Tony’s constrained genitals, barely touching, clinical, rough when contact has to be made. He pushes Tony’s legs apart, coaxes him up on his knees to get the straps around his legs, yanks the buckles into place a little harder than necessary. He is very careful not to look at Tony’s face, because if he does, Tony will never leave the boudoir and Steve won’t make his mission call. It’s difficult, but Steve is a man of control and restraint. He contents himself with the knowledge that he will have his intimate dominion over Tony’s body later, at his pleasure, for as long as he wants.
He is expecting to be asked about arrangements; he is expecting to be asked about Arlington, about suits, about whether or not Steve should be buried in his costume. The questions that are meant for a lover. For Sharon. He is expecting to be told the arrangements are no longer up to him, that he has been removed as next-of-kin sometime during their useless war.
“I’m fine,” Steve says. He pulls the collar from his neck. He takes a towel, rubs it over his face until his skin feels raw.
Tony turns so Steve can look at all of him. Very deliberately places the jock on the section of the divan within arms’ reach of Steve. Sinks to his knees. Locks eyes with Steve and crawls until he’s right there at Steve’s side, below him, beside him. Tony knows better than to take initiative right now, so he settles on his knees and splays his hands flat and doesn’t touch his own hard cock. He leans one of his cheeks against Steve’s leathered thigh. He lets himself rest, a conscious decision - all of the tension goes out of him.
The funeral is bad. He doesn’t have the words. He is burying children. Steve was always the one who made the speeches.
Tony realizes what he maybe should have realized before the Accords. That Steve has been in the midst of his own collapse.
But it's just come and his stomach roils after he's swallowed some of it after subsisting for so long on nothing.
“I can see it’s a bad time,” Tony says, finally. His face settles into something distant and businesslike and Christ, Steve is so fucking tired of masks. “I know you’re under a lot of stress,” Tony carries on, and he hops off the stool, grabs his stupid file folder and pats his pockets like he’s looking for his wallet.
, Tony takes it all, seals their lips together, darts his tongue out like he’s sampling a delicacy straight from Steve’s mouth. Steve thinks he’s moaning, Tony is certainly touching him, now, he’s using his own come and rubbing it under the head of Steve’s cock and Steve bites at his lip and lets the rest of it go, lets himself be a sloppy fucking mess so Tony can see what he’s done.
someone whispers, and Extremis flashes an intruder warning for .00000013 of a second and Tony turns around with the gold spreading over his skin and his bare hands outstretched with his palms upturned.
"I honestly thought we were past it," he says quietly, and he turns those infuriatingly blue eyes on Steve's completely unremarkable face. "Clearly I was wrong."
He tries everything, he grits his teeth and tries to drag Extremis up from in him but it’s like staring into a gaping wound, an open, empty port, a disassembled mainframe. He is a broken fucking machine and they put him on his back and Tony puts his shaking arms up and he’s back on the pavement, he’s going to die and he made this bed and he is crying heaving open-mouthed sobs and begging: please, please, please, please,
He feels like he’s going to die. In this tiny universe where Tony is god, he is whittled down and his patience is extracted from him thread by thread. He’s whining, he doesn’t care, he’s chanting
Steve's nostrils flare. I don't fully understand what I did wrong, Steve says, a quite storm churning just under his smooth, no-bullshit voice. Steve is paradoxical, containing of multitudes, such guile and such naked conviction in the same breath. I was protecting you. I was protecting him. Do you understand what he is to me? No. You can't. You come from the now and I come from the past, and there will always be this gulf between us and you only ever look forward, Tony, do you know what you are
“I’m also wondering if it's just some body you're after,” Tony says, quieter. “Or if you’re just lonely and I’m just here.”
Tony touches the side of his head. Steve, he says. Tony slaps him on the temple. Steve, he says again.
It's hard to be near Steve, physically. Tony has no intention of telling him how hard it is. There should be a pull, and he tries to will it into existence, draws upon their filthiest nights together, their most violent disagreements, anything to manufacture a feeling, anything to trick his brain into thinking Steve is still his. He doesn't have enough strength to reciprocate, or to climb atop Steve's hale body, so he closes his eyes and lets the dark swaddle him so he doesn't ever have to see Steve, on top of him, again.
They leave him with two guards at every entrance and a mandatory daily check-in and he lifts his foot for them to check that the anklet is still working and nods in all the right places and agrees to meet with Leonard three times a week instead of two.
Two days later, he wanders down to his workshop. He looks at his old armors. They look like relics after the weightlessness, the rush of Extremis.
I'm fixing you, Steve tells him. He draws Tony into his body, sucks at Tony's lower lip. Bites, hard enough to draw blood. Slips two of his fingers through the mess on Tony's face, slides them into Tony's ass.
“These are,” Steve says weakly, and his cock feels ten times harder. He tries again and it sends a pleasant burn all through his thighs, his shoulders, his arms. There’s nothing he can do. “These are new.”
“I want you to get angry about the tear in your heart,” Steve says, because he is, because it’s been brimming in his bones and seething in him and he can’t fucking stand it, Tony sleeping until noon and outsourcing his contracts and Tony sliding into this pathetic wan shade of himself. “I want you to be pissed about this, Tony, I want you to decide that you’re gonna beat this, ok–”
Tony smiles to himself. His eyes are leaking. It shouldn’t hurt, it shouldn’t. He thinks maybe he is biologically determined to suffer.
“Fuck me like you don’t care about damaging me,” Steve chokes, and he feels his cheeks burning. "Push me."
Tony looks at the ceiling, searches blindly to thread his fingers through Steve’s hand. “You don’t have to do this,” he says quietly.
Tony sets the plug vibrating again and Steve gasps. Too much, too fast. He feels as dizzy as he can feel while fully hydrated, fully oxygenated. Tony could do anything, Tony is all over the place tonight.
Steve has no idea who Bowie is, and two can play – he’s already been ogled and he’d like to just get through the goddamn door and see what all the fuss is about, so he puts on his best Captain America smile. “That’s cute,” Steve bluffs. “You really don’t know who I am, son?”
, the eternal refrain. Tony wishes now he’d been better, that he’d said something. No more. The war is over.
Sometimes he tells himself he’s not going back. That he’ll climb on his bike and head west and do something different. It’s a lie; he always goes back.
He slams the car door as hard as he can, but he’s just human now, it’s just him and his liver spots and his broken rotator cuff. The car is fine. Nothing is damaged. He can’t even fall back on his anger, not like he used to. He sits there and looks in the mirror and thinks about that beautiful woman Tony is fucking and wonders why he can’t just move on, too.
Something about that is intoxicating. Steve has fallen all the way from revered to less than nothing. All it took was one omission.
It’s been so long, he can’t help but stare. He licks his lips, finds the taste of himself where Tony’s been. Tastes blood, too.
Tony straightens up, licks his finger. Rubs the rest of it all over his gums while Rubell presses a sloppy theatrical kiss to the side of his face. He could ask for a tip. He doesn’t think Hammer will come anywhere near this place, but it’s possible. He doesn’t know if he can afford to trust Rubell with that. “No,” he says belatedly. “I don’t need anything.” He flashes his press smile. He can’t feel his mouth but he’s had practice. Rubell bounces out the door and up the stairs, back to terrorize the hopefuls on the street.
There’s nowhere to go. He’s down to his base layer: Tony Stark, human. He’s been here before, he’s been here so many times. His life can be measured in cycles of kicking and screaming his way back to life. He thinks a year ago he might have had a contingency plan for this. He has dirt on half of Congress. He has suits. He had friends, until very recently. Friends he would die for. Friends who would have died for him.
Steve rolls on top of him, without warning, too abruptly to be tender. He traces his hand up Tony's neck. Tony flinches away when he grazes his gland area, the tenderness is unbearable - but Steve grabs his chin, tilts his head back. Presses his fingers around Tony's throat. Pushes.
“You have somewhere else to be?” Tony says, and he’s already sliding his hand over Steve’s chest, slowly but deliberately picking at the buttons to his shirt, twisting his hips so his chest is angled towards Steve and Tony’s halfway to climbing into his lap.
He regrets that, he thinks wildly. He aches and Steve won’t hear his apologies and he can do is stare up into Steve’s lifeless eyes and at the halo the ash-filled sky makes around his head.
The blue armor. Steve’s fucking blue armor. He leans over his workbench and puts a hand over his chest and crumples up the plans and rips them and throws them in the bin.
She tells him this is a formality. That he is an example and it will suck and he will hold his wrist out to be slapped and then he can run away to Seattle. She straightens his tie and puts an arm around his waist when Tony trips up the steps to the Capitol building thinking about the footage of Steve dying. The cameras swarm them; it’s all he can do to focus on his feet. People are screaming. There are protesters.
Steve feels as though he has stepped into the underworld he is certain the sweat from this man’s skin will be sweeter than any pomegranate.
Tony takes off the helmet and lets Leonard look at him, watches his face contort briefly into shock, and there is hot vindication in Tony. Let him see the circles under his eyes; let someone see him, let him have a reprieve from facelessness and heartlessness for even a moment. Let someone see how he is bearing his pain, alone.
“You’re not a drunk, Tony,” Steve says, and scrubs a hand over his face. “Have you had anything since?” He knows the answer already; it’s no. “Has anyone ever told you you’re human?” His patience is rapidly evaporating and he knows it’s not fair, but nothing about this is fair and neither of them deserve the flagellation.
Steve used to write him letters; way back at the beginning, when things were simpler and the future seemed bright and they all would have died for each other.
“I’m trying,” Tony says because the justice of it all is paralyzing. He is too wrung for tears and too spent for anger and even in death, Steve has never lied to him.
Tony takes Steve’s minor, invisible meltdown in stride. “Two, actually,” he says, like a heart attack is a minor inconvenience and not a major medical event, like he’s resigned himself to it. “Also Rumiko is never talking to me again, but I guess I deserved that, for this, for us,” he says, waving his hand between them. “My armor honest to god came to life and turned on me,” and his voice is flat, “and it assimilated the sum of my human experience and came out possessive and homicidal, so I’m feeling pretty shitty about that.”
He should have known. Light's not the same on earth as it is up in the black. Steve's been nova since the dawn of time.
In ecstasy, Barry White sings, and Mystery Man executes a perfect spin, pulls Tony into his body, dips him back like you might do on a ballroom floor.
He lets them believe it, and thinks he would not have survived the task of closing Steve’s eyes himself.
Steve says, close your eyes, and the wash of lukewarm water feels freezing against his feverish skin. I'm taking care of you, Steve tells him, and brushes a hand over Tony's face, smooths his hair back.
Tony presses the gag back into Steve’s mouth, lets it rest on his tongue. Pumps it in and out of his mouth, slowly, just the first inch, a tease, an object, an empty milestone for steve to chase. He wants a performance.
He finds he’s nodding to himself, tapping his foot to the beat. Yes, this is better. This is for him.
Tony expects it to feel like ice, but it just feels like warmth and mass and hot blood against his dress shirt. Tony gasps aloud. His guards have been relaxing, but they retrain their weapons on him. Carol is asking if he’s ok, if he’s in pain, you’re scaring me, and the look on Steve’s face is one of shock and wonder and rabid, righteous fury.
He shuffles along in his chains and squeezes his broken hand into a fist and thinks about that coin Daredevil slid him. Regret is sharp, regret is psychosomatic. You can’t damage a husk.
You smell like a stranger, Tony bursts. He hasn't seen Steve smile. Steve hasn't tried to make him laugh. Steve hasn't expressed love or contrition or anything beyond naked obligation. You never called, Tony presses, and there it is, all the hurts he thought he was better than. You didn't give me a single fucking indication that you gave a shit about me. You put your shield in my chest.
Tony sits there, focusing very hard on the floor, breathing into his belly, until his bulge subsides a little, until he can look at Steve without breaking into that lovely pink flush.
Tony actually shudders under his hands. It’s only Steve’s preternatural hearing that lets him pick up Tony’s barely-there whimper.
“It’s not because of this,” he insists. He signs the legal documents that transfer most of his shares in the remaining conglomerate to Pepper. He keeps what Howard left him last year.
“Tony,” Steve says, “You have to have the surgery. You have 34 days left on the list, you could get a match any day–”
He forgets what he’s waiting for, but he knows instinctively that he’s done something wrong. He’s neglected to follow instructions.
Steve has to grab the base of his cock with his free hand to stop himself from coming right then and there onto Tony’s face.
“I wish you were having an aneurysm,” the man says, and his voice is raw and unsteady. “You’re having something worse, you’re having magic, fuck you for making me watch this again, Steve.” He’s crying. He’s pulling Steve into his arms, into his lap. Steve can’t say he minds. That god-awful pain seizes him again and it’s all he can do to cling to the knowledge that he’s not alone, that someone is here with him, that he’s not going to die alone on the ground while the world spins on. His vision spots out. “God,
It's old, Steve says, like that makes it better. He parcels out his speech like he is working hard to contain his own explosive potential.
For all of Steve's transgressions, Tony hates him most for using his body against him. Steve knows all of Tony's ugliest failures, all of his most intimate fears. He feels as if he has been scraped inside, out. There is something holding him wide. He squirms despite the bright wash of pain, aches to be fuller.
Tony looks back, and it’s just Steve’s withering body and deafening stillness and Tony’s ugly fucking grief.
Tony spends his nights here, now, Steve realizes, and it hits him all at once, the coke, god, the coke, the bags under his eyes. Did the Avengers find out? Did Tony tell them? Oh, god, Tony can never go back, Steve can never go back –
“What about your ego,” Tony says. “What about that time you decided I wasn’t worth the trouble, I wasn’t worth a five-minute conversation, and you looked me in the eye and smiled and lied to me, Steve–”
He is a good enough liar that he has convinced Leonard that he wants to get better. He has agreed to everything, the administrative leave, the meds, the twice-a-week therapy, the grief counseling, the downtime.
“Okay,” Tony says. “I thought.” He pushes his fries around his plate and balls his hands into fists. “I thought it would be better to keep it in the family,” he says carefully.
. “Don’t worry,” he says through a mouth full of blood. “I’m sure the justice system will pull through for you.”
Sometimes Steve regrets being an Avenger because it means he is obligated to exercise mercy toward those who do Tony harm.
“I’m tired,” Tony says. He steadies himself with a hand on the back of the sectional, leans over the back to kiss Steve on the cheek.
“Am I your first,” Tony says, and his venom is gone away and he is so timid that Steve wishes they were inside so they could scream at each other properly.
“Sorry, I’m sorry,” Tony says. He touches his shoulder, flicks his gaze up just for it to skitter away from Steve’s eyes.
“You need to sleep,” Steve says, because this is Tony’s very own personal slippery slope to hell. He kneels on the porcelain floor in front of Tony, draws Tony’s hands into his own. “Listen,” he tells Tony, and gathers Tony into him. He runs his hands up Tony’s sides. He’s sticky with sweat, dried blood, something that feels like sap. “We will fix this, but not right now.”
“Shh,” Tony soothes, and he presses a hand over Steve’s eyes. “You don’t have to look,” Tony is whispering. “I know it riles you up. Just chase it, Steve, hump my leg, that’s how you get off, show me how grateful you are–”
– maybe you're just not a very good spy, Steve is saying. We - he was very careful, he hedges. Nat goes up on her toes and scents him. Tony can just see the back of her body, the way she eclipses Steve's hulking, sullen self.
The bed dips. Steve smells like the masking cream, neutral, fresh. Hardly the monster who was fucking him hours ago. A rustling, like Steve is getting ready to settle in behind him. A wave of something Tony can no longer discern.
He has finally stopped trying to see the future. He asks Steve what to do. He says that he wants to do better. They are gentle with each other. Tony’s armor is just armor. Steve’s anger never makes it to lethal; it evaporates. They stop raking their nails over each other's weak spots and they spare each other. Something of their love survives.
The danger with Tony is his certainty. It’s where all of their fallings out have come from; it’s why the Civil War got as ugly as it did. It’s why Tony deleted his memory instead of letting time heal his wounds. It’s why their arguments are always so ugly, why they end in shouting and tears (Tony’s) and time spent away from each other. You fight like hell, Jim had said once. It’s not untrue.
“Do you think you can break this thing off my ankle,” Tony says. “I’d love some armor right about now.”
“Give it to me,” Tony whispers, his beard brushing against Steve’s ear, and then Tony’s mouth is on Steve’s.
Steve, in what is possibly the worst decision he’s made since leaving the team, yanks his own mask off.
He curls up on his side and clutches his head. It’s so bad, the last time it was this bad, he was coming out of a block of ice and Janet was telling him that he was in the future, oh god, what if he’s having a stroke, what if he’s dying, he can’t remember what he did yesterday or the day before, what if he’s losing something important –
Steve must know it's landing hollow, but he persists. He still slides himself into Tony's stiff, unyielding body, he still moves himself like it's a chore and a duty, he persists in wiping Tony's brow and tipping his fluids into Tony's panting mouth. He is so patient Tony wants to scream. He is so distant that Tony wants to die.
Tony is hunched over the coffee table where Howard’s crystal liquor decanters are still there, unmoved, untouched, covered in a thick layer of dust. Steve bites back the remark he wants to make, because de-escalation is the goal, always, now, with Tony.
Steve imagines fucking Tony until Tony cries. He lets himself catch Tony’s eyes, and that’s a mistake, because Tony is wide-eyed and reverent and as vulnerable as Steve’s ever seen him. Steve can’t stand the tenderness of it. It’s possible Steve is a monster.
He should be upset, he should be yelling. He should be giving CNN juicy footage of a sick man clinging to his broken fucking empire but the chamber is on its feet and Tony is all alone in the world.
. Rubs them together, cuts his feet in closer, moves his hips like a pole dancer. Lays hands on Tony like Tony is art, skims the flats of his palms down Tony’s sides until Tony is squirming.
It’s bait, they both know it. Tony’s expression doesn’t change and some barely-perceptible measure of disappointment runs through Steve when Tony doesn’t rise to it.
Maybe it will be better to live like this, until. Until Steve can find a way to fix it. In carefully-fabricated bliss. Cohabitate, CEO Tony Stark and Commander Stark in the same space, ignoring the same holes as they gape wider and wider.
It takes his eyes some time to focus, but eventually he finds what he’s supposed to be looking at: a blue-eyed sobbing man standing just beyond the bay doors.
This is not like flying in the suit, not even the first time - this is terror. His fingers are stiff where they grip bare metal, his heart is whole and beating like his life is about to end. His eyes are freezing open. He is being dragged through the air.
