As the werewolf pressed his muzzle against Steve’s chest, the super-soldier stroked the fur on his head. “You stayed.”
“Clint,” he greeted, though he was still a bit on edge. After all, this man looked like Clint, and his teammates—the ones he
"Only if it's less formal," Tony murmured, yawning. He spent so much time unconscious already, but he was just
"I won't leave, Stevie, I promise," Bucky said, pulling Steve down onto the bed, embracing his friend. "Quit worryin' about that, and go make sure your fella is okay. Go on."
"No more portals," Clint said, almost sadly. Steve couldn't help but smile—he loved that Tony and Clint were able to do things like drunk science together, but it was probably for the best that they made no more portals while they weren't in their right mind.
Natasha, too, looked like she hadn’t aged a moment past when Steve had last seen her, when they had originally gone on the time heist. Her hair still was dyed blonde on the ends, though Steve was so glad she’d let that fiery red grow back out. She hadn’t looked so full of hope as she had when they’d gone on the time heist, and just seeing that spark of life in her eyes made Steve want to cry all over again.
"Bucky was giving me a hand with this car... Figured I needed to see for myself just how good of a mechanic he might've been if things had been different," Tony said, shrugging. The oddest thing was that he hadn't thought about how much he'd wanted to hate Bucky until now, when he actually had to force himself to think about it. Huh, maybe he wouldn't have to think about that all of the time...
"I'm not mad," Steve said, because he wasn't. Keeping a secret wasn't going to make him furious at the man he loved.
"I know it's the same person every time," Steve had replied, not missing the look on Tony's face or the way he refused to talk about his 'bodyguard.' They needed to talk, they really did.
Bruce would kill him if he knew that Tony was struggling to breathe and had locked himself in the lab, alone. It was a good thing that he'd instructed Jarvis not to say a
After that, Steve stayed at the tower more often, and Tony noticed how sad he looked. He couldn't help but feel guilty now that Steve was staying home more often, because now he wouldn't be in danger. His super-soldier looked so depressed though, so Tony kept up his search even though he knew that finding Bucky would mean replacing himself.
the one making the mistake,” Bucky spoke up as he, too, joined the room. With so many people, it was starting to get a bit crowded. “Bruce, Tasha wanted to talk with you.”
"I don't think so," he sighed, leaning back against the back wall of the elevator. "I hate this, Steve."
them, Tony. You hide that side of you so well from the media, and I've never really understood why," Steve said, hugging his boyfriend closer. "But you
. All of her cooking though meant that he never had a chance to do any. She’d never let him take the load off her shoulders, though.
hurt, Bruce,” Tony said, grinning. He didn’t fight with Steve, though, when the super-soldier led him over to the bed.
They'd been doing this a lot—getting drunk together, that is, and working in the lab. Now, neither was ignorant to the fact that it wasn't safe, but it was just too much fun to get drunk and create something epic that they wouldn't even remember in the morning, so that when they
"There's something I need to tell you," Tony said, instantly regretting the way that he said it because Steve's eyes widened and the man's grip on his hand increased slightly in pressure, like he was worried that something bad was just about to happen.
"She's offered to train me more... I thought it had been because you'd been offering to train me, so..." Tony mumbled. He still looked a bit panicked, but that look of terror that he'd had before was gone. "You think this is a good idea?"
Lord that man meant everything to him. For just a second, his insecurities crept back in, whispering
try to chase any of his teammates away. He invited them to the tower to give them a home, and he wasn’t going to just take it away from them—even if it wasn’t all just some big misunderstanding!
“I know I probably shouldn’t have been talking with Cheryl anymore about that kid who’s looking for a foster family and hopefully a forever one, too, but… I couldn’t help it, Steve,” Tony whispered, gently squeezing his hand. His fingers had been twitching earlier, and he wasn’t quite sure if that was a good sign or a bad sign.
, Steve. You gave that up to come stay with me, remember? We both gave it up to have our family,” Peggy said, glaring at him. “But sometimes I get the feeling that it isn’t enough for you, Steven Rogers.”
that you two put in papers to be able to adopt kids. Steve doesn’t care about blood—kids don’t need to be biologically his, he’ll love them regardless. You two were going to have your own family, with as much love and support as we could give you.”
The only differences to their color scheme were their own ties—Tony and Steve had picked them out together since they
Now, though, the lab was on lockdown and the suit was off and Tony was lying on the couch, trying to control his breathing. It wasn't a panic attack, he hadn't had those for quite a while, mostly because of Steve, but.... this was different. He just couldn't breathe well.
By the look of his friend’s grin, Tony was unsure who was happier about the wedding: himself or Clint.
sorry they did this,” the man whispered, and Tony flinched away when he tried to press a kiss to his forehead. No way was he letting an
“I know that this isn’t what you want to hear, but I really do think that you should come get some food, maybe go get a shower and a couple hours of sleep on a
"I grew up with stories about you... the great Captain America," Tony continued, his smile never wavering. "You were my hero growing up. I tried so hard to hate you when Howard used to remind me about how I'd never be as great as you, about how much of a failure I was... but I still couldn't hate you, because
“Tony, come on, we can’t be here for long. You’re hurt!” not-Steve gasped when he noticed the bandages that Tony had wrapped around himself and the bruises and cuts on his face. “Tony, God, what did they do to you? Let me just—I’ll carry you.”
“Nothing will happen,” Steve said, yawning. When he made a promise, he kept that promise. Just like he was always going to keep his promise to love and be there for his husband… his wife. Peggy was his
Tony wasn't even able to scream as everything went from rainbow to blue to black as he crashed into something,
," Bucky muttered. One of his arms was hooked around Clint's waist to help him balance. "Let's just get this over with. The sooner, the better."
"You... make dimensional portals while you're drunk?" the mystery guy who was still there asked. "Tony, why don't you do that? Is alternate-you just that much smarter?"
"Well, Janet's the girl we call Giant-Girl, pretty self-explanatory. Ororo, we call her Storm, is the one who was manipulating the weather. Peter is Spider-Man and Logan is Wolverine... it should be easy to tell which one's which," Iron Man said. "You don't have
Clint's face turned bright red again, but now he had a hand up to his earpiece, too, intent on listening.
"I guess you're right about that," Steve chuckled. When they got to the kitchen, the super-soldier headed over to his chair like everything was normal, so Tony headed over to the coffee machine and grabbed his mug, filling it up before he turned to go sit down.
“I’m not willing to sacrifice everything,” Tony argued, which was exactly what Steve’s argument was going to Vormir.
effects. While it didn't send them to the future or the past, it seemed to do that with their bodies. They'd both been aged far more than Tony wanted to even think about.
. "I'll wait as long as you need—we'll be back to normal in a few days. You know that I'm happy with just holding your hand."
"I love you too," he mumbled. When Bruce told him not to worry about anything, he was right—not worrying about things made him feel so much lighter. He liked the feeling it gave him. "Maybe... maybe we could try. Maybe."
The faceplate hissed as the latch came undone, moving up to reveal the terrified face of his lovely boyfriend. He looked pale, far paler than he should've looked. Was he bleeding out? How could he have missed that? "How did you know?"
"I'm going to make sure that they're okay," Steve said, and Tony hurried after him. Once they made sure their team was okay,
“Tony knew you’d be back,” Clint said quietly. They all seemed to want to be able to touch him, to keep a hand on his back or shoulder, to know that he really was there. Steve was fine with it, too—he needed to know that this was real and his teammates really were here.
Steve just rolled his eyes fondly. "I should've been able to tell that you were Iron Man earlier, but I didn't even look hard enough because I was too in love with you. I'm pretty sure there have been many times when I've asked Iron Man about his boss, and about whether or not he seemed happy with dates, and whether or not he seemed interested in me—"
Steve smiled against her lips, trying to extend the kiss for as long as he could. “I love you so much, Peggy.”
Steve, like nothing else mattered and they were the only two people in the world. "Now, Clint dragged Bucky out of here for a very specific reason. Jarvis, lock the lab down! We need some privacy here." As Jarvis started shutting down the lab and blacking out the windows, Tony pulled away from Steve long enough to add, "And make a note, J—Mommy and Daddy are taking the kids out to dinner tonight, can't forget about that!"
Bruce was smiling, and Tony got excited. Yes, he knew that Bruce would be happy for him! Out of anyone on the team, he knew that Bruce would be the one who would actually be happy for him. They’d connected pretty quickly once the Avengers really became a team, and perhaps if things had been different—if he didn’t start dating Steve, and if Bruce was any kind of interested in men—then Tony definitely could’ve seen him and Bruce together. Instead, he just had another best friend, which he was thrilled about.
, Tony had taken his suit off. He'd wanted to run over to Bucky so badly, but he just didn't want to get between them.
"I'm fine with that," Bucky said. His smile was blinding as he looked between the two of them. Tony had never felt so loved until he had the two of them in his life. While his relationship with Steve before had been incredible, now he couldn't even imagine it without Bucky.
. But because of the way that the super-serum reacted with the blast, it nullified most of the effects on Tony, who he'd been protecting. Steve had been aged far more than the man probably expected, and Tony couldn't imagine what that would mean for his husband's lifespan once they were back to normal. Everyone expected Steve to outlive him—and the rest of them, probably, too—but now he had proof that it wouldn't just be by a few years.
had forgotten his pants when he got out of the shower, instead choosing to wear his American flag boxers and one of Tony's black wife-beaters that definitely did
The genius silenced him with a soft kiss and a gentle smile. "We've got a lifetime, Cap. You don't have to worry so much about that—enjoy the time we've got. Tomorrow could be our last day—every time we go into battle, we risk that. Any accident could change our futures together. But that doesn't mean that we shouldn't love each other while we have each other. We'll figure it out—
When Steve woke up again, he was a little surprised to find Tony sitting in a chair beside his bed, fast asleep, laying on the bed. Someone had draped a blanket over him. He was gripping Steve’s left hand tightly, and the super-soldier couldn’t help but smile.
"The team's been worried about you," he added as they headed towards the kitchen. "They were worried that you were hurt, so they're going to be a little... overprotective, for a while."
"Getting Tony to stay in bed and out of the lab is nearly impossible," Steve mumbled, nuzzling against Bucky's neck.
"Actually, we think that it might... be because this town, once upon a time, um... met the Winter Soldier," Steve spoke up. The four of them had been sent out to take down Hydra, but because they needed to find out what Hydra was doing, Steve and Bucky went ahead. Tony wanted to go, but with his bright, shiny red and gold suit, he'd stand out a bit. (But then again, he tried arguing about Steve's bright red, white and blue suit...)
Clint and Bucky though? They both looked surprised, and it looked like any conversation that they might've been having had died on their tongues. Tony just frowned at them and took his seat at the table.
"Iron Man," the scientist in the cage shouted, and Tony looked over at him. "Iron Man, you have to let me out! They blackmailed me, I swear. A lot of that stuff is dangerous. Iron Man!"
The words felt heavy, like a weight resting on his shoulders that was getting heavier and heavier and he just wanted it to go away. Tony couldn’t be cured—
Natasha didn't comment on that, instead choosing to just wander closer and make sure that they were doing just as Tony had said. Apparently seeing that none of the tools were in use or anywhere near either of them, she seemed to get the message.
He couldn't understand what it was that Steve was interested in. Perhaps he was just interested in Tony because he funded the team, and the Captain wanted to make sure that they'd still be able to get the funding that they needed. What else could it be? If Steve knew anything about his past, which Tony knew he
“I was going to skip it and drag you off to bed again sometime today,” Tony mumbled. Yes, he liked training with the team, but he was tired and really didn’t feel like being around the team anymore today. Or maybe for the rest of the week… maybe longer.
Even when he first started dating Steve, he never thought he was someone that the super-soldier would even
"I'm glad that happened," Tony said before he could stop himself. Sometimes he really hated admitting things, and he had to admit that he was wrong, thinking that Steve wouldn't love him with age. "I mean, I'm glad my hair's not white anymore, and I'm glad I can be Iron Man again, but... I'm glad that happened."
“Sorry, I couldn’t help it,” Steve replied, so glad to hear Tony’s teasing again. He would never grow tired of Tony’s teasing. “I know you said that you’ll be back, but I just… I need to make sure. I can’t lose you again.”
“The luckiest man on earth right now,” Bucky interrupted again. “And he asked me to send you a message. He’s been dying in the other room, not allowed to see you yet, and he just wanted you to know that he can’t wait to get to the aisle because he’ll see you at the end of it, waiting for him. Sappy punk probably said it better than that, but…”
In a dark suit and a red and blue tie, Peter appeared at the end of the aisle, grinning as he held onto both a pillow with rings on it and a bag with flower petals. He looked like he was bursting with excitement as he scattered flower petals all along the aisle.
"Why did you hold back?" Bucky mumbled, looking over at Tony. "I-I thought you might've... I was worried that you..."
Steve's focus stayed on Tony, probably trying to make sure that he was okay. He smiled at his boyfriend—if he'd known how well he'd get along with Bucky, then... No, he wasn't completely convinced yet. But perhaps... Bucky wouldn't tear him and Steve apart. It didn't seem like it, at least, which was nice.
No matter what Tony tried saying, Steve had been able to see through that mask from day one. Whatever the public seemed to think, Steve knew that they were wrong—they didn't know Tony the way that he did, the way that the team did. That's why the team loved Tony as much as they did—because they didn't listen to what the media said, they just got to know Tony and made their own conclusions.
Tony stared at the two wide-eyed. "You... that means you..." He could feel the panic setting in. They knew. He
want to fuck up. Every day I wonder when you're going to wake up and see that you don't really want to be with me—"
,” Bruce said calmly, and Tony frowned at him when he placed a hand on his knee. “This isn’t healthy, and it’s not what you want to hear, but sitting here staring at him isn’t going to help.”
Soon enough Bruce and Natasha were down the aisle, and Tony was glad that they’d settled on the colors red and blue. Everyone on his side was dressed in black suits with red ties or vibrant red dresses, while everyone on Steve’s side was the same except with a rich blue. Both Natasha and Pepper looked
"Good, I was hoping you would," Steve murmured, pressing a kiss to his cheek. "Now, I was serious about you needing some sleep—you haven't been getting enough of that in a long time, and I'm making sure that you're going to get some tonight."
"But he's out there somewhere," Tony said. His eyes glanced down at the ground, and Steve realized that whatever was wrong with Tony was directly related with him being off searching all of the time.
"Call S.H.I.E.L.D.," Tony told Steve, who looked like he wanted to argue. He looked back and forth between Tony and Bucky for a second before he nodded and walked a few steps away to alert S.H.I.E.L.D. to come pick up the weapons. Turning his attention to Bucky, Tony crossed his arms. "A gunshot wound is a gunshot wound, Buck. Both you and Clint are getting locked in medical for a while. Now quit covering it—let me see how bad it is."
The instant he was in the sky, Hydra started firing on him. They hadn't been expecting him to show up right there, and they weren't exactly prepared for him, to say the least. Tony swooped down closer, blasting a couple of repulsor blasts at their big guns to knock them out and make sure that they couldn't hurt either of the super-soldiers.
"Tony's got me covered, don't worry," Clint said, muting his comm for a moment. "Thanks, Tony. I mean it. I-I know you've been telling me for a while... but hearing it..."
I can do that," Tony had replied. Now, Clint wasn't sure if he'd actually bet Tony something, or if he'd just dared him to create it, or if this had just become a thing that they did now. It's not like he didn't attempt to help out with whatever Tony needed him to do, so...
As he climbed the rocks of Vormir, heading towards the grave of one of his dearest friends, the super-soldier braced himself for the conversation he was about to have. It wasn’t going to be pretty, if he had to argue, but he had all the time in the world to do so.
Steve pressed a gentle kiss to the back of Tony's head, and the genius grinned as he leaned back and relaxed. "But if they didn't want me around, they'd say so. I know they would. Everyone can be pretty blunt on this team—if Clint didn't want to do drunk science with me, he wouldn't. If Bruce didn't want to work with me, he wouldn't. If Natasha didn't like me, she wouldn't be so damn protective of me all the time. Bucky wouldn't be spending time in the lab with me, learning about modern tech, if he couldn't put up with me. And the team wouldn't be so worried about making sure I get medical care after battles if they didn't care."
"Brother... he told me you're basically his brother," Tony mumbled, shrugging a little. He put a couple more wires back in place, watching as the man was suddenly able to move his arm again.
Tony leaned forward to kiss him, but Steve knew that tactic. Tony was just trying to get him to shut up, and he knew that kissing him was always the best way to get him to stop talking. Instead of pulling away and continuing with what he was saying, Steve gave in and let his husband kiss him. God, how long had it been since he’d just gotten to sit there and kiss his husband as much as he wanted to? Apparently a month, but it felt like
His gaze brightened upon seeing Steve there, though. “Steve, I thought you—oh, you’re not my Steve.”
night, but a late night—and he was tired and hadn't had enough coffee yet and was just ready to go back to bed. It was hard to relax and enjoy the morning when Bruce was
Steve laughed as he stripped his clothes off, giving Tony a kiss that promised that he would forget about those dinner plans in just a little bit. It was a good thing that Jarvis would remind them, wouldn't want to disappoint the kids.
“Papa,” Michael said from the doorway. He was staring at him with those wide, green eyes of his. There were numbers in his eyes. “Don’t leave us, Papa.”
“I’m going to see if I can get him calmed down,” Bruce said, going through the medial drawers, no doubt looking for a tranquilizer or something. “The stress can’t be good, and if the system
"That's only because I showed you that place!" Tony laughed, but then he bit his lip. "I should continue trying to see if Bucky's anywhere near here. He couldn't have gotten far—"
liked one another, yet somehow, even with Steve helping out, he hadn't managed to get them together.
"Bucky!" Steve shouted, racing over to the man who was strapped down to one of the tables. Bucky looked like hell, bruised and cut up in a way that suggested that he'd been recently tortured, or else the serum would've already been healing him. His arm was missing, and there was a pile of scrap metal nearby that was probably what
"I've seen you wear Steve's clothes before," Bucky said, shrugging. "Seeing Stevie's shirt on you just reminds me of how short you are."
Was it really so hard to believe that Steve would marry him? Sure, that was one of his biggest fears, back when they first started dating. Tony had been petrified of telling anyone in the world, teammates included, because what if everyone just assumed that Steve deserved better? What if they thought that he was just going to taint Steve with the kind of reputation that he’d built up over the years?
He reached for his shield, which wasn’t there. The vibranium shield would’ve been enough to break those chains.
"I knew it would work," Steve whispered as all of their teammates came running over, shouting their names and hugging them tightly.
"Glad you don't have a problem with... this," the Captain chuckled, gesturing to the way that Stark was glancing between the two and smirking.
“I came here to make a deal,” Steve said, staring off into the darkness of Vormir. “Because there’s one of two ways that this is going to go. Either I get Tony and Natasha back, or I’m using
, but wife just didn’t sound right,” Steve said, hugging Tony close. Losing Peggy had been hard, back when he’d actually lost her. She’d been his last connection, besides Bucky, to his past.
Group hugs weren't exactly things that happened in the Avengers very often, but everyone seemed to realize that Tony needed some comfort at the moment, so they all wandered over and kept him from leaving by enveloping him in their arms. No matter what Tony may have thought before, he would definitely realize now just how much the team did care for him, and just how important he was to them.
thing that he could do was make sure that the simulation was going to continue working and that it was never going to hurt Steve. That was
Tony ran his fingers across the man’s upturned palm, tracing the lines of his skin. “I really do miss hearing the sound of your voice, you know. It’s one of your best assets…”
“And the thing is, Steve,” Tony continued, “that I love you so much… that I’ve realized something. I’ve never loved someone more than I love you, and I never will again. At least… I’m not now. I knew that it was going to be an issue when we were… when we spoke about the future. I know you wanted kids, and I… I was worried that it would come between us.
," Steve said, crossing his arms. "I've got income from S.H.I.E.L.D., and I could care less about anything huge and flashy. I
He was a little concerned when his boyfriend stared at him like he was crazy. "But... I thought you wanted to find Bucky."
accept you. It took me a while in the beginning to really accept the team, especially after we broke apart the first time."
"Just don't do it again, jerk," Steve said, punching Bucky's shoulder. Tony cast a slight glare at his husband—they were having a moment, thank you!
“I promise too,” Tony whispered, leaning closer to press a quick yet soft kiss to his lips before pulling back. “Even though I still think you’re an idiot for doing this. I was prepared to—to die to save the universe.”
“And when you decide to wake up, I’m sure there will be more children—there’s always more children who need homes. There’s always going to be a family here for you,” Tony murmured, stroking his thumb across his husband’s cheek. “I love you, Steve. I’ll always love you.”
"Hey, calm down," Tony shouted, flying over in front of the townsfolk. They turned their attention to him but quickly found out that their guns weren't able to damage his suit. "We're the good guys here—we're just trying to stop Hydra!"
The voice that greeted him was ghastly, but familiar. “Captain America. Here I thought that the last time I would have to see you was back in the twentieth century.”
to be upgrades for Bucky's arm, but I'm still mad at him, so that'll have to wait. At least Clint comes up with creative ideas."
Tony had thought about it quite a lot. He had gone through the calculations and had gotten Jarvis to run some simulations of what could have happened. Jarvis contrasted the results against simulations involving the super-soldier serum, and together they found out that if Steve wouldn't have tried to block the blast from hitting him, he would've been completely aged out of existence, into
The happiness in his grin faded, but his teammate didn’t seem to notice as he stood up, still laughing. “That’s a good one, man, you almost got me there. The ring looks great, though, must’ve taken a while to make, huh?”
"Don't worry, we'll be there," Steve said with that completely fake sweetness. There was no way that Natasha didn't see it. For a second Tony wondered if Steve was just as tired of their teammates keeping an eye on them as he was. Probably—it was like when the team had first formed and everyone was trying to make sure that he was adjusting. Tony had learned pretty quickly that Steve was adjusting just fine and he hated people treating him like he must've been struggling. He was the only one that Steve was bluntly honest with, the only one he'd share whatever he was feeling with.
Instead, Bruce’s smile wavered a bit as he tried to hold back a chuckle. “Clint told me that you’d be showing that off. I have to admit, it
Tony stared at him for a little while, looking like he was trying to gather his thoughts. He opened and closed his mouth a few times, trying to figure out what he was going to say before he eventually decided on, "I know."
Before Steve could go into the pub, though, he noticed that the ritual must’ve been starting because so many people were gathering in the center of town. He glanced into the pub and saw that it was empty—no doubt everyone there were all over at the ritual, so he’d have to talk with them after. Hopefully they still had a room available.
"We've got the plane secured," Natasha informed. "Iron Man, can you take Cap back to the tower? We'll stop by S.H.I.E.L.D., get their plane back to them, then get a ride back. Unless you're more injured than you sound."
"I brought food... I didn't realize you two would be so busy," Steve said. The way he smiled, the way those beautiful blue eyes of his looked, Tony knew that he was happy to see them getting along.
With Steve hugging tightly to his back, Tony hit the button and shot out into the icy cold winter air. Only, he was insulated with the suit, and Steve wasn't.
Steve glanced over at Tony, wanting to make sure that he could invite Bucky to the tower. His boyfriend nodded. "Let's get you upstairs, Buck. You can stay, but I'm going to need to make sure my team's safe."
Something was definitely wrong. While he couldn’t place a finger on what it was, Steve knew that something wasn’t right. When he woke up, there was this feeling on his lips, like… he couldn’t explain it. There was something wrong, there was something missing, and yet he couldn’t explain
The sad thing was that, while Tony could see that it was the moment things started to get so much better for the archer, he hadn't realized that he didn't realize that the team cared about
him. While you may think that you have a bad reputation, you're wrong. You're a billionaire who funds a superhero team, funds college projects, donates to charity, works on creating renewable energy and oh, guess what, he's also Iron Man. That isn't a bad reputation."
He'd dared Tony to make something that he thought was impossible. He'd thought about suggesting that Tony create a Unicorn, but Tony argued that they'd have nowhere to put it, and he didn't want to bring a Unicorn into the world if they couldn't give it the pastures that it needed to run around in, so Clint had changed his mind.
"I'm sure they appreciated it in their own way, just not... to our faces," Tony laughed. He hated to admit the fact that he definitely wasn't walking as fast as normal, and they weren't going to be talking as far as they may have before, but it was true. Despite still being a super-soldier, Tony had noticed that Steve had slowed down, too—whether it was because he was tired or because he noticed that Tony was slowing down, he couldn't be sure.
care that sometimes he turned into a werewolf, he leaned back down and closed his eyes. Steve grinned, leaning up off the bed to give Tony a kiss.
The doctor fell silent, not wanting to even suggest the possibility of losing their Captain. Natasha seemed to understand what he was saying as she wandered over to Tony, sticking close by his side. If anything happened, he was going to need her there.
Steve smiled, taking one more glance out the window at the stars that were starting to sprinkle across the sky, and he thought of Tony. He could show his boyfriend just how important he was to him, he could show him just how much he meant to him. If Iron Man was right about how poorly Tony viewed himself, then Steve knew that it wouldn't be easy, but he really
,” Tony snapped, gripping Steve’s jaw with one hand to force them face to face. “What would we have done then?”
"I'll take him back to the mansion," Iron Man offered, not waiting for a response before he just picked Steve up and started flying him off into the sky. Partway through the flight Iron Man rearranged them so that he was able to hold onto the Avenger, and he would be able to use his hand repulsors to fly easier. It wasn't until they landed when Steve was able to see Iron Man's eyes—he had little slits in his mask, so Steve
“You don’t know that,” Steve said, refusing to let go of his friend’s hand as he kept dragging him towards the forest.
"Of course not," Steve said, breathing a sigh. "You made Iron Man's armor... This is the same sort of technology, right? This..." Steve looked
It wasn't like they hadn't been dating for a while now. The two were inseparable. Steve had told Tony that he was happy about it, since Bucky had come a long way since they'd brought him home from being Hydra's brainwashed assassin. Steve got his best friend back, the team was all happy, and everything had been going pretty smoothly up until a few days previous. That's when Loki apparently decided to mix things up a bit, and they found themselves in a fairytale world.
Tony knew that he couldn't continue panicking. Bucky needed them right now. All they had to do was break into the place, take out Hydra, and find out where they were keeping Bucky. Once they got him back... everything would be fine again.
“Steve,” Tony said, tugging at his hand. “I-I can’t leave—what if I hurt you guys? There isn’t a cure, Steve—”
them. Like he hadn’t been touching her at all. Shaking his head, he pressed a kiss to his youngest’s forehead.
No, the stones would never destroy themselves. That was too much for any mortal to accomplish. They’d been hidden somewhere throughout time and space, somewhere where no one would be able to get to them until now… until they could be brought back.
“We’re just glad you’re safe,” Steve said, and Tony couldn’t hold back his grin when his lover kissed his lips. Tony hummed, not even flinching as Bruce checked over his wounds. Apparently he’d done quite a good job at stitching them up.
“I forgave you a long time ago, Stevie,” Tony half-laughed, half-cried as he pressed his face against Steve’s chest. “God, you’ve always gotta be the hero, don’t you? You’ve gotta be my hero, and now you’re gonna be Morgan’s hero too… for bring her Dad back.”
“I knew you’d be able to escape from the simulation eventually,” the man said, and Steve faintly recognized the guy. Hadn’t that man been part of the Hydra plot that he’d been trying to shut down? “There’s just one problem, Steve Rogers, the great Captain America.”
Tony stared at her, trying to keep the grin from just completely dropping off his face. They really did think that he was just joking around. What did they think was going to happen when Steve got back to the tower? If this was all just some kind of big
"You looked like you were ready to maul Bucky over that," he snorted. "I learned from his mistakes. Never mess with an old, cranky super-soldier."
Steve stared at him for a moment before laughing. Tony just bit his lip and tried to keep himself from frowning. He didn't succeed.
"Shut up," Tony mumbled, punching his non-metal shoulder while Bucky just smirked. He was really glad that the team had been able to help Bucky, and was glad that he'd been able to befriend the other man. Once he believed that Bucky wasn't going to try to steal Steve away from him, they'd gotten along very well. Plus, drunk science with Clint was a little less-worrisome for poor Steve now that Bucky had joined in, 'cause he couldn't
"Painkillers won't work on me either," Bucky muttered, gasping in pain when Bruce started disinfecting the wounds. While he
"Tony, darling, you're lost in that big head of yours," Steve murmured, those soft hands of his carefully cupping his face. He pressed a soft kiss to Tony's lips before murmuring, "Come on back to me, darling. What's troubling you so much? Bruce will figure this out, you don't have to worry about that."
"But I thought you said..." Iron Man mumbled. Without the robotic overtone... he recognized that voice. It was so similar to... Steve turned around quickly. Nothing could prepare him to see the face that stared back at him. It was so familiar, yet still different enough not to let him panic. If brown eyes had been staring back at him, he wouldn't have been able to handle it. But seeing that this Tony Stark had blue eyes... it made it a little easier.
“We won? If you’re bringing it back—what the hell happened to your arm?” Tony demanded sharply, reaching out to grab Steve’s arm before realizing that he probably shouldn’t touch it. “I thought we talked about this and agreed that Bruce would be most likely to survive, you look half dead!”
"Whatever you say," Tony said, but that was going to cause a problem. He wasn't exactly sure he'd be able to kiss Steve. Tony wasn't stupid, he definitely
He'd need to do some more hand-to-hand training with Tony, just in case. And he'd offer some to Iron Man, because hand-to-hand couldn't be easy in that suit, so he'd need to get used to it.
," Tony growled, shooting a few warning blasts of energy at the men, who seemed to realize that, being a sorcerer, Tony would be able to take them all down pretty quickly. One of them tried charging at Tony, but he blasted the man right off his horse. The rest of them seemed to get the picture and ran off pretty quickly.
"It's a gunshot wound, Steve. That's all," Bucky growled, trying to push him away. Tony could hear Clint telling Bucky to stay away from the townspeople because he didn't think it would be a good idea to ice any of them.
Tony's insecurity disappeared for the time, and he nodded quickly. Time in the lab with Steve at his side. That sounded great.
Tony smiled over at him, and in that moment, it really just felt like any other normal day with his husband. He loved spending time with him, just the two of them. As much as they both loved the team, they
"I'm pretty sure the Other Guy would make sure nothing bad happened," Bruce said with a shrug. “And I'm careful, so nothing's going to happen. You don't have to worry about me."
"It still feels strange to hear that," Tony whispered. "It's been months, and it still feels weird to hear that."
“We’re here,” Tony whispered, kissing him again and again. “I promised that we’d be here, whenever you woke up.”
"Good," Steve murmured, leaning forward to kiss his boyfriend for a moment. "Because I'm really glad that you're Iron Man, and the team has become like a little family. I don't think they'd be mad in the slightest. They've never treated you like you were less, when you claimed Iron Man was your bodyguard."
The pure joy on Tony's face was stunning as he reached out, gingerly taking Steve's hand like the first time that they'd danced together, carefully, before he let himself get pulled out of bed into strong arms that would always be there to keep him safe. Tony stole a quick kiss before pressing his head to Steve's chest, listening to his heartbeat as Steve rubbed his back. Yep, everything really was perfect.
The crowd started whispering—though Steve could hear that they weren’t exactly thrilled with the fact that he was an Avenger. They must’ve been able to guess that Tony was an Avenger, too.
"I'm not surprised that they weren't exactly thrilled with the attention," Tony chuckled. When had they just walked through the park together, hand in hand, and just enjoyed the day? Every time they tried they were always swarmed by the paparazzi. "I mean, we weren't reacting well to them giving us too much attention and treating us like we're fragile—"
Steve had tried getting into the lab about four hours back, and every hour he tried again. Tony felt bad about shutting him out, but Steve hadn't actually seen him just yet. He wasn't ready for his husband to see how he looked now.
pain, then it must've been real bad. Thankfully, it was only a moment before Bruce and Tony came running in.
Steve's devious look morphed into a wide smile. There was no doubt that he was thinking the same thing, because he knew Tony all too well. "That sounds great."
"Tony, are you okay?!" Steve gasped, trying to find the release latch on the helmet or the chest plate. Before he was able to get the armor off, one metal hand met him, gripping his wrist tightly.
, I'm bisexual," Tony replied, not wanting to see that kicked puppy look on Steve's face. It was too heartbreaking to see. How did such a strong, powerful man have such a heartbreakingly adorable face? "And
"Is there anything else you need, or can I go be bored in the living room instead?" Tony asked. He wasn't allowed in his lab, he wasn't allowed to work with his suit
"I'd still get in trouble for what I do when I'm drunk," the guy pointed out, and Tony was barely able to hold his boyfriend back from punching the guy.
As he watched the door where eventually Steve would show up, Tony watched his closest friends walk down the aisle, two by two, grinning brightly. First were Rhodey and Pepper, who both gave him a hug while Pepper also kissed him on the cheek. They stood over on ‘Tony’s side,’ giving him some comfort.
"I'm sure it went fine," Steve said calmly, looking like he was trying his hardest to hide his amusement at Bruce's antics. "Thanks, Bruce."
"We're going to have to talk about that," Steve whispered, stealing another kiss from Tony. "But first... do you want the suit back on before the team gets here?"
feeling inside of him was pushed away when his pregnant wife grabbed his arm and pulled him closer to kiss him.
"Tony! Tony, I see someone," Bucky said, tugging at Tony's hair. Tony could see people too, off in the distance. There were people riding horses, and either some really big birds, or some half-people half-birds. "What if Clint and Steve are over there?"
Hydra had tried stealing a shipment of weapons, hijacking a plane that was on its way to S.H.I.E.L.D. Luckily the team had managed to get on board and had started taking down the enemy agents.
soaked because of it. Natasha had definitely been quite unhappy about the transformation and was very relieved to see Bruce. That's when the group had figured out that true love's kiss saved the day, because when Bruce and Natasha kissed, not only were they turned back to normal, but they also disappeared back to their own world.
voices, he was pretty sure, but Tony’s had been the strongest, the clearest, the loudest, ever-present. Tony grounded him and brought him back.
"S'cause I built it," Stark muttered, glaring at Tony, then at the way he was still holding hands with Rogers.
"I know," Tony snapped, though hearing it from someone else made him feel a little better. He wanted to hate Bucky—he wasn't sure
Leaving them to handle the agents, Tony flew over to where they were loading up all of the technology, scanning it to try to see if it was dangerous or not. Some of the weapons were powered with alien technology, but most of it was just unknown machines that didn't seem to have much of a purpose at all.
“Where’s Tony?” Steve demanded, trying to control his breathing. Freaking out wasn’t good for anyone, and if he calmed down, his team would answer him.
“Friday’s good.” Tony offered a hand to help him up, and Steve followed him out into the main room of the tower. The rest of the team was out there—no doubt giving him and Tony a little space to talk, seeing as they had all been teasing them about being in love for quite some time now.
"Once you brought us back together, though, things seemed to turn out pretty well," Rogers murmured, leaning over to kiss his lover.
“I still can’t believe that it just…” Clint sighed. “You really think that it was because he was reacting to voices? ‘Cause every time I’m here I always make sure to talk to him and I really hope… I hope he can hear us.”
Steve said, because while everyone had been willing to give their lives to bring half the universe back, only two had actually given up everything to retrieve the stones.
"I just want to make sure you're okay," he insisted, crossing his arms. "You refused a S.H.I.E.L.D. medical exam, so you're getting one from me."
As if to prove a point, Steve leaned over and gave Tony a quick kiss, a warm, knowing smile on his face. He wanted Clint and Bucky to be happy too. Everyone did.
"I doubt any of them have really spent a lot of time around old, fragile people like us," Tony said, smirking. "I get that they're struggling, Cap—that's why I didn't just yell at Bucky like I wanted to. If he would've done that some other time, he would've gotten a piece of my mind about it, but... They mean well, they do, but I just... it's annoying."
“Tony, we’re not…” not-Bruce stopped. “You’re not going to believe that. You have no reason to believe that. How can I prove it to you…?”
Regardless, Steve came home alone, again, and was expecting to just crash onto the bed and cuddle up with his boyfriend. Only... the bed was empty.
a chance." Iron Man's response shocked Steve, who turned to look at him, an eyebrow raised. He wished that he could see Iron Man's face, to know if he was kidding or not.
"You seem so sure that this is going to be resolved quickly," Tony said. He didn't have that same kind of optimism. He had to look at this honestly—hope for the best, expect the worst. The worst was maybe a couple of years with the team before he died, and that was looking at the worst in a positive light. The best could be a few days and then back to normal, but he doubted it. He'd put his faith in Bruce, yes, but realistically it would be more than a few days.
“The townsfolk and the witch both said that there’s no way to reverse it,” Steve said with a sigh. He didn’t want to believe it, but Bruce hadn’t been able to find anything, and neither had any of them. Tony whined again at the mention of a lack of cure, but then he licked Steve’s face, making the super-soldier chuckle. Even if there wasn’t a cure… as long as he still had
His body spasmed in pain a bit when hands touched his skin, hands that felt too warm and too cold at the same time, as if he had a fever. Panic filled his body since
them?" he snapped, gripping his reactor. It calmed him, knowing that it was there. No one had taken it. He wasn't going to die. "Why in the world would you
"It's okay, darling, we're in bed," Steve murmured, nuzzling his nose against his boyfriend's neck. "Just relax and go back to sleep."
"I... I don't remember," Bucky growled. Tony patted his shoulder. While he'd been remembering things from
"I wasn't supposed to tell anyone," Tony whispered, practically trembling. "Tony Stark isn't a good man, everybody
"Glad someone got to enjoy it," Bucky muttered, though he did look happy for them. He knew that they couldn't go out and have a day at the park without being recognized, because he couldn't either. "A quick text wouldn't hurt, though."
Barely managing to listen to Iron Man's words, the two crashed down against the cold, unforgiving dirt, effectively knocking Steve out for several seconds.
"Here, let me get that for you," Bucky said, and before Tony could keep the pickle jar in his hands, the super-soldier took it from him. Tony watched as Bucky's expression went from easy-going to
“I know, thank you for calling,” Tony said. He’d had years to practice a persona, to never let his voice waver or let his face betray that everything was fine and dandy. The mask that he put on was unbreakable. He was raised like that.
Tony, was that you were trying to keep him from falling into an unstable portal, so he ended up somewhere else. It won't be long, you'll see," the Captain said. Steve was surprised by how comfortable he felt, talking with alternate-him or alternate-Tony. "And if it does take too long, I know that Tony will figure out a way to get you home. He
Steve gently rocked his youngest child, little Susan, back and forth. She’d fallen asleep in his arms. Peggy was reading a storybook to Mary and Michael on the other couch, while Steve was just sitting back to watch. Something had felt wrong since he’d woken up, and it was starting to drive him crazy.
Tony shrugged and looked away. The poor man looked like he wanted to disappear, just at the mention of the word ‘werewolf.’ He looked nothing like the genius that Steve was so used to—the confident man with the snarky smile and the arrogant attitude, the man that he’d fallen for. No, Tony looked scared, cautious and worried, like Steve was going to just
The genius's sniffles slowly started dying down as his lover pressed his face against his chest. "I'm sorry," Tony whispered, though Steve was glad that he didn't try to pull away and isolate himself. The first couple times he'd woken up from nightmares, that had been what he'd tried to do, and it hurt Steve to have to watch the man he loved go through so much pain and be unable to even try to help him with it. He'd finally started accepting that Steve was there to help him with whatever it was that he needed, which currently was someone to listen.
It felt so nice to have Steve curl around him. He was already pretty exhausted, so it was easy to just snuggle up against him and listen to his heartbeat.
Steve gently squeezed Tony's hand before gesturing to the door. Tony hadn't actually said anything yet, and he knew that they'd need to have a long conversation about that. If Tony didn't want Bucky in the tower, then he wasn't going to stay. But if Tony didn't want him there... Steve wasn't going to leave his boyfriend. He wasn't lying when he said that he loved him, and he wasn't lying when he said that he needed to spend more time with him.
bad of a villain, none of them really looked injured. When Tony looked over to his husband, he could see the same look of relief on his face upon seeing their teammates heading back to the tower.
"He doesn't have to control you anymore... It's going to take some time, because this isn't going to be an easy battle, but I'll be by your side the whole time, if you ever need my support," Steve murmured, stretching as he got out of bed. He reached out his hand, offering a kind smile to his lover. "I'll always be here for you."
his bodyguard first. He needs to know where I am, so I bet he could figure out that you were in the battle, too."
“That would’ve been much better,” Steve muttered, not even bothering to glance over at the ghost-like man. “The years haven’t treated you well, huh, Skull?”
"Perfect," Bruce said, and for once he actually looked very proud of what he'd created. Normally when Tony tried to get him to be proud of his creations, he was always a bit hesitant. But right now, with the amount of coffee and the lack of sleep, he actually looked proud that he'd figured it out. Tony knew he could do it.
“Hmm?” Peggy spoke up. Just for a second, she didn’t look like Peggy anymore. She looked like… he wasn’t sure. She looked like a stranger.
Upon waking, Tony found himself unable to move. Steve was still holding him tightly, and Tony was just happy that his boyfriend was still there. He was so close to getting Bucky back, and Tony was so sure that the second that Bucky was back, Steve would be focused on Bucky, and then the break-up would come, and...
"Well, this changes how we're going to spend the day," Steve mused, lifting Tony up so that he could set him onto the workbench not that far away. Tony grinned, pulling his super-soldier back in for another kiss.
"I don't want to have to hide from you guys anymore," Tony said, leaning against Steve while the rest of the team backed off a little. Steve kept himself curled around the shorter man, knowing that it made him feel safer by the slight hum he gave before he pressed himself closer to Steve. "I thought... I thought you'd see the Tony Stark that the rest of the world sees, and you wouldn't want me on the team because I wasn't good enough..."
"I don't want Howard to keep controlling my life," Tony whispered. "He's one ghost I thought I could leave behind."
Steve just chuckled. "It's already healing. It would've been a lot worse if you hadn't caught me when you did—it wouldn't have been a very pretty landing, I can tell you that."
"I know it was pretty strange... the first time I accidently ended up in another universe," the alternate-him said, patting his shoulder. He was standing nearby, watching as the Avengers attempted to help Jarvis with the last of the cooking. Steve wasn't sure if he should try to join in or not, but it was a little overwhelming because they were so much like his family, his team, and just seeing them made him miss his own team. He knew that fixing up a portal to come get him would take some time, and he should enjoy the time he had with this team.
Steve's eyes flashed open, surprised to see the red and gold mask of Iron Man just inches from his own face.
Tony nodded slowly, looking back and forth between the two men. "I guess you weren't expecting yourself from another world to be such a mess."
One of the men grabbed him again, and he attempted to hit him, while his knees buckled underneath him. The punch missed, and his elbow twisted back in pain as the men tried to keep him down. He could hear them muttering about him.
Iron Man sighed, shaking his head. "I still don't understand what you see in him that makes you want to date him. You know, I wouldn't judge you if it was about the money."
Tony couldn't help but flinch away a little. Of course Steve would be able to see right through him. There was a pain that welled up inside when his lover's arms disappeared from around him. Well, at least until Steve cupped with face with both hands and leaned down to kiss him.
Steve shook his head. "I was glad. Howard just cared about money, but Tony's so much more than that. He's so kind. I can tell how much he cares about the team, even when he tries to deny it or make jokes about it. I don't know how to explain it... I'm still shocked that he said yes to that first date. I mean, look at me."
"I've missed you, you jerk," Steve whispered, and Bucky reached out to take his hand. Ignoring the blood that was so obviously on his hand, Steve took it.
“But they don’t act that way,” Steve said quickly. “I was instantly suspicious, and so when I asked the impostor if he remembered the fact that he and Bruce had been dating for the past four months, and if he remembered that the anniversary was tonight… he said that it must’ve slipped his mind, and asked me for dinner suggestions… and I told him that he just needed to make sure he didn’t take Bruce somewhere where they served seafood because of how allergic Bruce was. He agreed not to right away and thanked me for being such a good friend—I dragged him off to an interrogation room directly after that. He should’ve known that everything I said was a lie.”
"Of course not," this world's Stark defended. "I just haven't tried making a portal to another dimension because chances are someone could use it to gather too many villains up from other dimensions. Did you think of that one, Stark?"
"Tony," he whispered, gently shaking his boyfriend, trying to wake him up. "Come on, darling, it's time to wake up. Come on, Tony—"
"Okay, out of the suit," Bruce said, crossing his arms. "I'm able to properly drag you off to medical now if I need to."
"I understand," Bucky murmured, and he handed his gun to Steve. It seemed like a good sign of trust—though he knew that there was no doubt that Bucky had several more weapons, probably at least a few more guns.
“Knowing that this was all one big misunderstanding is nice,” Steve said, leading Tony out of the elevator and over towards their room. Tony followed, not really caring to get breakfast right then if it meant that he could instead go snuggle in bed with Steve. “But that doesn’t mean that they’re off the hook, just because of what day it is. I
"Glad to see some things stay the same," Iron Man chuckled, heading over towards the elevator. The Avengers must've been on their way. "So, it seems like you know me, and you know alternate-you... who else do you know?"
The first time he changed was two weeks ago, not too long after the battle. When he changed, he apparently lost
something like that to his son, the one person in the world who he should've loved unconditionally! It hurt to know that someone had treated Tony so horribly... and somehow he'd still turned out to be one of the greatest people that Steve ever knew.
“We can return the stones,” Natasha said with the certainty of someone who had died and been brought back. “Just go back home, okay?”
But that would require dragging the suit around again, and he wasn't sure if his body would be able to handle that. He
“It’s crashing, it has to be,” Tony said, gripping Steve’s hand tightly. Clint and Natasha both looked like they were in shock.
attacked by ogres at that point in time. He'd been in the fairytale world several days now, and it was really starting to bother him. Luckily, Bruce still had his own mind, and he wasn't just stuck as the Hulk.
“A soul for a soul, there was never supposed to be a way to take it back,” the Red Skull spoke up angrily,
When Bruce had insisted that the two of them get medical evaluations, Tony had fled to the lab. Nope, he was not putting himself through S.H.I.E.L.D. medical, and there was nothing that they were able to do about it. They couldn't force him to stay, especially at that time since he'd still had the suit on.
"No, I... I know I should. The team's still here... apparently everyone already knew and they didn't think poorly of me for it... So I shouldn't have a problem talking about it now, hmm? I just..." Tony broke off, once more avoiding his eyes. They were both laying on their sides, facing one another, and Steve reached out to grip one of Tony's hands. The genius gave a slight smile. "It's just hard to talk about... when I'm still trying to figure out how to stop believing it, you know? Every day when I wake up next to you, I'm surprised that you're still here, because I ask myself why would someone as incredible as you... want to be with someone as... someone like me?"
"Okay, okay," Bruce said, gesturing around the lab, pointing at a couple of places that had been armed out on the ground. "Steve, you need to stand right there—feet on the marks, don't move from those places. Just stand... normally, don't turn around. Right there." Bruce then grabbed Tony's wrist, leading him over to the other places that were marked out on the ground. "Right here, Tony. Don't move from that spot. This shouldn't hurt, it shouldn't really feel like anything, so that shouldn't make you guys move, but... there will be a bright flash of light, so just... stay still."
“It’s not,” Bucky interrupted. He reached out, placing a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “It’s really not. We’re going to have to make this up to you for a while now, okay? We really messed up, but we’re going to have to find a way to make it up to you.”
When Tony looked up at Steve’s face, he noticed the pained, angry look that had replaced the peaceful calmness of sleep.
“Even so, someone should’ve said something. Someone should’ve mentioned something. Sam never—he took everything seriously, and they
"I've got you," Steve repeated, and then they were outside—dark sky, flashing lights, cool, crisp air, no smoke no flames no heat no—
“Tony, you need to stand still,” Bruce chastised, shooting Clint a thankful look when he gripped Tony’s shoulders to hold him still. The Armored Avenger glared half-heartedly at his friends as he tried to take a couple of deep breaths. He mostly ignored the way that Bruce adjusted his clothes before taking a step back.
“It’s not about…” Tony huffed angrily, trying to find the words. He felt too hot in the suit, and deep breaths really weren’t helping. “It’s not about the
The team had formed a while ago, and while it hadn't been an easy transition, working solo to working with a team of superheroes, it was something that he was thankful for. Clint liked working with S.H.I.E.L.D., yes, and would continue doing so, but the fact that he had friends that he could rely on, people who cared about him, ones that he could talk to and spend time with... he couldn't have been more thankful.
It took Steve kissing him for him to stop talking. "I'm not going to tell you not to go to the lab, Tony. You don't have to worry about that. I was just going to suggest that I go down with you, when you're ready."
to be real. “It’s my fault, I wasn’t able to… I’m sorry, I know you can’t forgive something like this—you
“They’ve gotta be using silver bullets—don’t get hit,” Steve said, wishing that he had his bike so he could just get Tony home. A motorcycle couldn’t be able to drive through a forest though…
"I still can't believe your team is missing such a vital member," Wilson muttered, though Tony made a mental note to keep an eye out for anyone named 'Sam Wilson' back in his world.
interested in meeting Peter, and… see how things go from there?” That genuine, loving smile that Steve gave him broke something inside.
"No, it's a warning," he muttered, flying over to check on his teammates. Everything had gone quiet, and he noticed that Steve was trying to check on Bucky, who just looked pissed off.
"Tony," Steve said firmly, and the genius froze in place. "Let's go get bagels, okay? You've been working too hard, and I haven't noticed enough... I need to be spending more time here, with you, outside of the lab. We can't keep searching twenty-four seven, and you need to destress. I've been working you crazy. And I'm sorry." Steve reached a hand out, and Tony couldn't help but take it. "Now, I'm pretty sure it's been a while since you've got a blueberry bagel, and I haven't had one of those cinnamon bagels in a
“Did they… already? They’re already considering us?” Steve asked, awestruck. He looked so enthusiastic about it.
Steve actually smiled at that. "No, I suppose we won't be. No more getting interrupted by missions—that doesn't sound too bad to me. At least, for a few days."
"I wouldn't be surprised if my own Tony was doing the same," Steve said. "Though I have a feeling that he'd want to drag me into it, too, so... It almost feels like I'm home right now, but..." He glanced down at Stark with a sad smile. "You look different enough from my own Tony for me to not be able to ignore..."
“Move,” Steve snarled at the townspeople. He took ahold of Tony’s hand the moment that the man was close enough to him. He waved the sword
that this is going to be different for them—it's going to be different for us, too! But we're trying to keep things normal, why can't they?"
“Hey Brucie-bear, I’ve got something to tell you about,” Tony called, catching the other man before he could get to the elevator.
"I'm sorry," Steve mumbled, a light blush crossing his face. They'd had a light conversation going on since the beginning, though it had died down a bit. "I don't really know what to say... other than thank you, for going out with me tonight."
"I know, Stevie," Bucky murmured, and Steve's heart swelled. Bucky used to call him 'Stevie' back in the forties.
race that he’d grown to hate so much. They beat him as they dragged him back to his cell, taunting him with the voices of his teammates.
like a parent. When they got back from a battle and pretended like they weren't hurt, he and Tony scolded them like naughty children. And the team
That adorable blush crossed Steve's face again. "I wasn't sure what you were used to... I didn't want to mess up my chances."
"And anyway, if anyone has a problem with Tony Stark being Iron Man, I'd just tell them to fuck off," Stark said flippantly, grinning when Rogers just rolled his eyes and smiled. "You should try it. The Avengers of your world are still friends with you, right?" Tony nodded. "See? I think they'd be happy to know that you're Iron Man. And if someone isn't happy with it, you know what I'd say." Stark's features softened. "They'll trust you, too, if you give them a chance."
“Honey,” Peggy whispered. “Please… I need to know that you’re never going to leave me. Understand? We have
. I'm not trying to replace you." He looked a lot more serious when he put a hand on Tony's waist. "I love
Before he was even able to finish a sentence, the sound of an explosion shook the building. Other people in the restaurant—oh yes, those other people who had been glaring at him and making faces and whispering and
"So," Clint murmured, squinting at the wires that Tony had him holding. He could've sworn before that there were only three wires, but at the moment there were at least six, which was a little concerning. "How's your relationship with Mr. America?"
"I... Yes, there's something that I need to tell you guys," Tony said, standing up a little straighter. He always seemed to do that when he was bracing himself for rejection. "I've kept my identity from you all for a long time... and I think I should probably tell you the truth."
Tony turned to look at him, a dopey grin on his face as he giggled, "He's so amazing, Clint, I'm the luckiest man in the entire world. I just... I just love him so much."
So Tony stayed in the lab. He kept searching for Bucky, he kept sending Steve out to new places, with Wilson or Clint or Natasha. Bruce kept trying to pull him out of the lab, but he only really managed to whenever Steve wasn't home.
"Would you, um... if I wanted to... Can I kiss you?" Steve asked nervously. His cheeks were flushed, and man, it just made him look even more adorable.
"I wanna show up late just to spite them," Tony muttered, looking back over to his projects. His fingers itched to work on them, but if he did that then there was no way that his teammates wouldn't drag him out of the lab kicking and screaming. It wouldn't even be that difficult to drag him out right now.
"But they were just in a battle, we weren't," Steve pointed out. "So excuse me for wanting to make sure that they were all okay when they got back."
Steve," Bucky said, crossing his arms. It had taken forever for his wings to dry when Natasha splashed him, so until his wings had dried, he'd been sitting on Tony's shoulder. He
"Never should've doubted you," Tony agreed as Bruce shouted something about turning the machine on in
"I just need to know... what happened here, Tony," Steve whispered, one large hand gently moving down to cover Tony's chest. That's when the genius realized that he didn't have a shirt on anymore, and Steve's hand... his hand was covering the arc reactor. "I didn't know..." Did he connect the dots, piece it together and discover that he was Iron Man? Was he disappointed, seeing that Iron Man was supposed to be a hero, when he was nothing but a screw up? "...You said you had a heart condition, but..."
"I know it's been hurtin' Steve," Bucky said, gritting his teeth in pain as Bruce started removing the bullets. "And... to be honest, if I hadn't been shot, I wouldn't be here. They hit me with somethin' that's been tryin' to fight the serum in me, and I'm not healin' like I should be..."
"Thank you, Bruce," Steve said sincerely before he let Tony lead him down the hallway. "I know you're not happy about this, Tony. I'm not either. But you need to lighten up a bit—Bruce is trying his hardest. Everyone just wants to know that you're okay right now."
"We're going to need to get the bullets out of him so that it doesn't cause an infection," Bruce said, looking like he was trying to remain calm even though there was a chance that Bucky could lose himself to the Winter Soldier at any moment. "I know drugs don't work well on Steve—"
"I believe you," Tony said, sighing. He leaned against Steve, smiling when the super-soldier hugged him close. "I just... I know I've fucked a lot of things up, Steve, and this is something that I really
have to be talked about, though, because he hated to think that he was doing something that was making Tony feel bad.
working with technology. He loved watching Tony in the lab, watching his pure excitement as he worked with technology to create something even better. He kissed Tony again, wishing that there was a way to be able to take away his fear. He wasn't planning on leaving his genius at
No one was quite sure of how to break the curse, and while Tony locked himself away in the lab to figure it out… he hadn’t gotten very far.
"When have I ever let S.H.I.E.L.D. touch me?" Tony pointed out, relieved to get that amused, happy look from Steve.
any words to say. Steve, who was still looking agitated and uncomfortable, seemed to recognize his uncertainty, and he wrapped an arm around his waist before telling their friends that they were going to go get some breakfast and spend some time together.
“What is it?” He’d told Steve all about how he had been ready to let him go if it meant that he’d be alive and happy, even if that meant that Tony would never be happy or in love again. Steve had hated that, but he’d admitted that if it had been the other way, he would’ve done the same, because they only wanted the best for one another. That’s what made their bond so strong.
Running back through what he'd said, Steve's eyes widened a little. Shit, he hadn't meant to say that—he hoped that the team couldn't hear them at the moment. Checking to see if he had his earpiece—he didn't, it fell out on the fall—he murmured, "Yeah... I've known now for a while."
"Of course I do," Steve whispered, carefully helping him back down onto the bed, kissing his cheek this time. "I'll still be here when you wake up again, darling."
"You said you were drinking? Come on, let's go get you something for the hangover that you no doubt have by now," Rogers murmured, and Tony smiled as him, taking his hand. No matter which universe he was in, he'd always be comfortable around Steve.
There was a look of surprise on his face, like he hadn't expected Tony to want to be anywhere near him,
The archer nodded, but he still looked worried. Tony quickly plugged a device in and started going through the data, trying to figure out what might’ve caused a glitch.
“You were too late. It took you too many years to break out of my code, and when you wake up, you’ll find that you won’t ever get to see your precious Avengers again.”
"I heard what they said," Tony replied, smirking a little when he watched Clint try to drag Bucky over to the S.H.I.E.L.D. jet. At some point in time Clint's leg must've been acting up, because Bucky lifted him up off the ground bridal style, and Tony didn't even need his earpiece in to hear Clint complaining
a family,” Bucky snapped, startling the genius. He hadn’t noticed how agitated his words had made the super-soldier. Calmer, he repeated, “He has a family.
There was no way that he was going to let his teammates get hurt because he didn't destroy the big guns—the ones that could
"Expensive cars, hmm? I could show you some of those," Tony said, rubbing his chin. Perhaps he could see just how good Bucky was with mechanics... maybe he could get himself a bit of a lab partner when it came to engineering. Bruce loved working with him on things when it came to chemistry and such, but he wasn't the best when it came to engineering and mechanics.
with the team,” Steve growled, nearly punching the button to go to the gym. “Buck said he’d be waiting in the gym since he didn’t want to come out on a run this morning, so I was going to meet up with him there. I’m sure at least some of the team’s going to be there, especially since I’ve been trying to make team training mandatory.”
"I haven't seen Steve yet this morning," Bucky commented. The sharp smell of coffee was enough to make Tony start waking up some.
"Back up," Bruce repeated, and Tony just smirked as his fellow scientist gently cupped his hands around Tony's face and leaned in, studying him like an experiment.
The dread turned to fiery hot anger. “I’ll kill you! There’s no way… there’s no way that I could’ve lost everyone… I can’t believe it, I won’t believe it… I’ll find you—you’ll pay for what you’ve done.”
The woman looked him up and down, wrinkling her nose at him and frowning. “You can’t possibly be talking about that
"Nothing's going to change that," Tony replied, giving him the easiest and most genuine smile that Steve had seen since this whole debacle started. It made his heart swell, and he couldn't help but kiss his lover again, more passionate this time.
"Good," Steve murmured, kissing his cheek. "You don't have to worry about me leaving, because I'm going to keep reminding you that I love you until you actually believe what I'm telling you."
"I know," Steve mumbled, sighing. "They don't know him, they don't know any of us. But it still hurts, you know?"
“Tony!” And once more, another teammate came running over, putting his arrows back into a holster before he wrapped Tony up in a hug.
A slight smile crossed his face when he found Tony passed out on the old couch he kept in the room, clutching tightly to a screwdriver like a child might hold a teddy bear. He carefully pulled the screwdriver from Tony's hands, placing it down onto a workbench, before he gathered the shorter man up in his arms. Tony mumbled something in his sleep and snuggled closer, pressing his face to Steve's chest. The super-soldier smiled as he carried his boyfriend upstairs to their room. It wasn't until he settled Tony down and pressed a kiss to his forehead when the genius stirred.
Those beautiful blue eyes stared into his, and for a moment Tony thought Steve was going to call him on his bullshit. But then the super-soldier just nodded. "Let's go get some coffee, and then how 'bout we go out for some bagels? I know a place about three blocks from here that has the best bagels in the entire city."
"I still don't think you'll be able ta do it," Clint slurred, leaning against the side of the machine. Okay, so he was a little drunk. And maybe he'd made Tony a bit of a bet, but that was beside the point.
Fighting alongside Tony was a dream—keeping him safe, trusting him with his life, it was all just too perfect. And just like any dream, it had to end eventually. Steve fought harder, trying to force the thought from his mind. He'd do anything to keep his team, his family, safe. And if that meant he'd end up dead in place of them, then he'd
"It's okay, Bucky, you're safe now," Steve murmured. Those two were just so perfect together. Tony loved it—he'd always admired how those two stuck by one another through everything. He'd grown up with stories about Steve and Bucky from his Aunt Peggy. They'd been his childhood heroes. Seeing them together was just so...
, it’s not about S.H.I.E.L.D. or which villain of the week is going to show up… it’s…” He sighed, struggling to choke out the words. “What if Steve’s making a mistake?”
"Yeah, I just... don't know most of you," he said, thankful when Iron Man pulled him off to the side.
Steve noticed that his Tony was staring over at his alternate self, and he wondered if he knew what it was that Steve knew. Would he guess that Steve knew he was Iron Man?
"I'm dragging Bucky to medical myself," Clint muttered, slinging the rifle over his shoulder and making sure the strap was tight before he was ready to be moved. Tony put the little machine back into his suit before he grabbed Clint and flew him over to the Hydra jet, making sure that his suit was always between Clint and the townsfolk. There was no way his friend was getting shot again, not on his watch.
"It might do you some good," Stark said, standing up before offering him a hand. "I'll figure out exactly which universe you come from so that
"So, you're some kind of genius, hmm?" Bucky asked, curling and uncurling his fingers, a smirk on his face. "Maybe I should've come to you earlier 'bout this—Hydra's not good at making things. It's been broken for quite a while now... How's Steve been doing?"
"Finally," Tony said, turning to leave. He wasn't really all that surprised that Steve grabbed his arm before he could leave.
“I know. I just didn’t want to let that be the only option,” Steve murmured, leaning into the touch as Tony gently stroked a hand across his cheek.
"And I wouldn't be here if I wasn't absolutely in love with you," Steve added. "Well... okay, if you weren't interested in me whatsoever, I'd still be here, because if you didn't want to be with me... I'd still be here. Just like if anyone else on the team needs me, I'd be there for them too. But I wouldn't be cuddling and kissing someone I wasn't completely in love with."
"Too dangerous," he murmured, looking up at the sky again before hiding behind some rocks and bushes. No dragons, no supernatural creatures. This was
Steve coughed up water as he felt his limp body getting pulled from the vastness of the ocean. How long had he been underwater? What had happened? Was there some sort of battle going on that caused him to get knocked under the waves?
Tony just nodded, though he didn’t really think that anyone needed to ‘make up for’ anything. It was a misunderstanding, that was all. None of his teammates were
“So how was your day?” Peggy asked. She was pulling the sheets of cookies out of the oven while Steve was getting the children into their chairs.
home. They just went as fast as they were comfortable with going—Steve didn't want to wear Tony out before they could even get back to the tower. He could see the desire in his husband's eyes, and he guessed that maybe Tony might be interested...
"I'm used to it," Tony pointed out, and Steve laughed. Steve was basically the definition of overprotective, especially when it came to the team.
love it.” He smiled, spinning the ring on his finger again. “Steve did such a good job with it. I can tell he put a bit of time and effort into this, even if the team can’t.”
"He, uh... beat me some, when I was... well, up until I went off to school, really," Tony whispered. The emotion was raw on his face, and it pained Steve to hear it. When he closed his eyes, he could imagine how he felt, just a small boy hiding from his drunk step-father, getting beaten when his Ma hadn't been able to stop him, or after he'd already beaten her. He knew exactly how Tony felt... except the cruel man in his life was a
He hadn't meant to say it, not really. He really had wanted to give the man a chance to be able to come to him and talk about it first, when he felt comfortable enough to. But that didn't stop Steve's panic-induced mind from trying to tear the suit open.
The genius laughed. “Alright, alright. I’ll tell you eventually… but for now—I’m tired, you kept me up so long last night!”
"I was already awake," Steve said. "And even if I wasn't, then I still wouldn't care, because I'm here for you. You've been here for me, helping me with my own nightmares... I'll always be here for you, Tony."
"Fine," he muttered. The bullet had ripped all of the way through him, but luckily hadn’t hit anything vital. Whatever kind of gun those people had been using could've been really fatal. "Good? It's not that bad, and I'm not gonna bleed out. By the time I get to medical it won't be as bad. Perks of being a super-soldier."
But now, out in the battle, as worried as Steve always was, there was another part of him that knew his team would be fine. They were all highly skilled, intelligent people, and he trusted them to be able to handle themselves in the thick of battle. After all, he couldn't tell them what to do all of the time, he only came up with the overall strategy. They were incredible, all of them.
"Really?" Stark said, surprised. The glare disappeared, to which Tony was thankful. "We've been together... off and on. Falcon's a bit new. Maybe you'll find your own Sam? Ours was working for Fury first. You got a Fury in your world?"
"Focus, Steve," Iron Man said, and even with the voice-changer that he had, it was easy for Steve to hear Tony's concerned voice now. "You don't need to keep watching everyone's back all the time. We can handle this."
really just... made you up. It wouldn't be the first time they'd made life seem perfect before they tore it away."
They were going to make it, no matter what challenges they had to face, and no curse could ever change that.
"What? Why'd you think that?" Bucky asked, throwing an arm around Tony's shoulders. "Why wouldn't I want to spend some time with your fella, Steve?"
"He's not fine, actually, but I can get him back to the tower," Tony assured the team. "And if you were implying I'm hurt, I'll have you know I'm not. The suit's pretty good at protecting me from injuries." Tony reached over and gripped one of Steve's hands. "Actually, there's something that I want to talk with you all about, once you get back."
“I don’t know anyone named Tony,” Peggy said calmly. “And neither do you, Steve.” Before he could say more, she added, “Go check on the children, darling. They need you.
“I’ve missed this,” Peggy whispered, snuggling up against his side. Steve just smiled, keeping his arms wrapped around her. Every day that he was with her felt even better than the last, because she was by his side. He’d promised her forever… Their wedding day was perfect. He’d had this brilliant white suit with that bright gold tie that made the gold in those brown eyes of his sparkle… wait. Peggy had been wearing a white dress, not a suit and tie…
“Steve? Where are we going? I was going back to our room, baby, I just need some time to… to be alone—or with you, you being there would be even better,” Tony said nervously, praying that Steve wasn’t about to do what he thought he was.
Steve stood there, staring out into the darkness of Vormir for another minute after he was once again alone. Well, alone as he could be with a ghost of an enemy behind him.
"How many people knew about this before I told them?" Tony asked. "Steve learned about it when I accidently sent him to another dimension,
He’d put Steve in a world where he hadn’t been frozen for seventy years, where he’d instead married Peggy and had a family with her and…
"I'm almost done," Tony insisted, though he had to leave for a moment so that he was able to retrieve the bottle they were drinking from. After attempting to pour more into Clint's glass—who cared if his hand was all wet now, he was only holding
“She said that his name is Peter, and he’s only four years old,” Tony continued, sighing. “I shouldn’t have asked, because he’s not going to be coming here, but… I thought maybe…”
Steve smiled fondly at his boyfriend, rolling his eyes. He shouldn't have been surprised to find that Tony wanted to fix Bucky's arm because he
instead of by my side..." Rogers shivered a little. "I trust him, and so does the rest of the team. With our lives."
He'd never really known that he could love someone so completely, so unconditionally, until he met Steve. Sure, in the past he thought that he'd found 'the one' before—Pepper had been wonderful, she really had been, but they just... they didn't
"I wanna make some changes to your suit too," Tony mumbled. "If I can get your shield to come back to you... if you ever lose it, then that would be helpful. But it can't be a powerful magnet... or else me 'nd Buck are gonna get stuck to you..."
"Hawkeye... Clint," Steve said, surprised when he was met with a blank stare. "Black Widow, Natasha. Thor. None of them?"
As he wrapped up his most recent chest and shoulder wound, Tony tried to make himself more comfortable. It was hard to do that when he was locked up in a metal jail cell and left nothing except for his boxers, but that was okay. He was just a little cold at nighttime, nothing more.
"What does Steve have to do with broken tech?" Tony asked, turning his attention back to the wires so that he didn't accidently electrocute either of them. "The only connection this arm has to Steve is the fact that it's connected to you, and you're his..."
"What?" Steve gasped, eyes wide. Tony knew that saying anything was a terrible idea, and now Tony knew for sure that he'd never be able to face Steve again. "Wait, but Tony's straight."
"Makes it better, I know. Believe me," Tony said, giving him a thumbs-up as his faceplate flipped back down into place. "Just stay out of trouble, birdbrain."
It wasn't like it was going to be easy, though. Tony had run into Bruce almost right away. Recognizing your friends was the first issue with this fairytale world, though. No one seemed to be human anymore. Not completely.
Dragging himself out of his chair, Tony made his way over to the pot to get another cup. Ah, caffeine was such an addiction. By the time he'd made it back to his seat, he heard footsteps coming down the hallway.
“You won’t ever need to again, I swear,” the blond said, gently gathering Tony up in his arms. “When I get you home, I’m locking you away in our room and I’m never letting you out.”
want to complain about were the millions of questions that Bruce was asking him about his health and his body. Once he was sure that the arc reactor wasn't causing any sort of negative side effects—if anything, it seemed to be giving his body more energy, though it still made it a little harder to breathe—Bruce didn't hold back on asking about anything.
“I need to make sure… that you’re aware of something, okay?” Bucky walked over. His left hand was twitching, and to settle that down, he gripped the end of the bed tightly.
Steve decided to wait up, give his team a chance to get the portal open again so that he could get back to his own world. His double stayed up too, and they chatted about similarities and differences between their universes. The Captain also wanted to make sure that Steve wasn't thinking about just dumping his own Tony when he got back, and Steve assured him that he wasn't going to.
anyone who was cursed by the witch and came to the forest—out of instinct. The woman earlier admitted that they came here, they were drawn here. She didn’t mention
Tony was gone because he’d been so absorbed in that simulation that he hadn’t even been able to figure out if that it was all a lie.
in love with him! How was he supposed to get him to fall in love with him again if he wasn’t even in love with him now? Tony was so in love with his super-soldiers that he was
"Are you sure I didn't mess it up?" Steve asked, looking out across the sky. While he wasn't a huge fan of being in the Helicarrier, it did have its moments. Like now, for example, with the brilliant sunset stretching out across the land, glittering on the water. He'd wanted to spend the evening with Tony—after the first few dates, he'd begun to see the other man start to open up to him, though there was still a lot that he was holding back on—but then he’d been called in by S.H.I.E.L.D.
... But Steve had always treated him kindly. Steve never used his for his money, Steve never hurt him, Steve never did any of that.
more than him, seeing as he actually had to be at least a little tiny bit sober so that he could work.
—was wrinkled, and his whole body felt so weak. His joints ached and his lungs must've had some problems because he couldn't breathe that well and... Tony couldn't stand to see his reflection. If he didn't have to see it, he could pretend that it didn't happen.
"Might want to let Tasha take it," Bucky said, grabbing Steve's wrist before he could run over to help the archer out. "After last time..."
when I told them not to start treating us differently, they would actually listen. If you need help, you'll ask for it—if
"I've never complained when you called me Shellhead, Winghead," Tony said, grinning. When he'd started calling Iron Man 'Shellhead' back when the team first formed, Steve had been so glad that Iron Man had started calling him 'Winghead' because he knew that it was a part of the friendship that they'd built by fighting by one another's side. "I... I've tried so hard to keep...
you they'd figure it out," Natasha said, and Tony was glad that she and Bruce both looked so happy. He was glad for them.
“Nice try,” Clint continued, blissfully ignorant to Tony’s declining mood as he patted his teammate’s shoulder and headed out of the room. “You almost convinced me there.”
"I want you back here, Bucky, I really do, but I need you to understand that I'm not about to let you stay here if my team is in danger," Steve said, helping the injured man over to the medical room. The brunet nodded, wincing in pain as he laid down on the cot.
There was still someone that he needed to see. He hurried after Clint to the front of the ship. When Clint took his place as co-pilot, the other co-pilot stood up.
"There's something that I've been meaning to talk with you about," Steve murmured, gently massaging Tony's back as the genius nuzzled against him, nearly purring like a cat. "I know it's only been a few days since you told the team... and I really hope that you've seen that everyone still loves you, and we still would whether or not you were Iron Man... but I really wanted to talk with you about
"Bucky, wait," Tony shouted. After running out of the bushes, Tony found himself surrounded by a couple men on horseback. One of them hooked his right arm, then another got his left with their ropes, holding him in place.
“I-I need to find Tony… he’ll be able to explain all of this,” Steve insisted, trying to pull his hand away from Peggy. He was shocked at how tight of a grip she had on him, and when he tugged again—he was a
The genius just stared at him blankly. That was the look that he got when he was trying to process something that he didn’t quite understand, and Steve knew to be patient with him. Instead of saying anything, Tony chose to just hug him tightly again.
mattered,” Steve insisted. Tony had always said that he knew and understood that, but if he knew about the family Steve had in the simulation… he couldn’t imagine what that must’ve been like for Tony. “We put in adoption papers, they’re going to call us eventually when they’ve got a kid who can fit into our life. Ours was a hard case, I know that, because we’re superheroes. I wouldn’t trade this life for
“Wait, Steve, hold on a second,” Bucky said, putting his hands up quickly when the captain turned his attention solely on the other super-soldier. “The engagement wasn’t a joke?”
"You've... got what?" Tony asked, though judging by the way that Steve's face light up, it was important. Damn, was he starting to forget things in his old age?
“Hey babe,” Tony murmured, giving his lover a quick kiss. “There’s something I want to talk with you about. The adoption agency called, and they told me… that they found someone who might fit in well with our family. I don’t know a thing about the child—I’m thankful I don’t, because I don’t want to get attached to an idea when I haven’t even met the child, but…
But when he went home, after a long day of working, he didn’t have any time to think about blueberries. No, because the baby was being fussy and the older two were driving their mother crazy and Peggy was grouchy and in pain and life was just all-around exhausting.
"If he's anything like me, then he's madly in love with you and wouldn't even begin to think about being with anyone else," Rogers said. He sounded so honest when he said it that Tony couldn't help but believe him. He relaxed a little when he felt Stark start rubbing his back.
Tony used to be really self-conscious about going out and holding hands and acting like a couple. He was so used to the media dragging whoever he was dating through the mud and trying to ruin their relationship—he'd had people claim that they had his children, that he cheated on whoever he was dating, all sorts of crap. They'd done that with Steve, too. Except his husband believed
"Ah, Steve, you're still hurt," Tony gasped, pulling away from him, eyeing the wound. "They hit you hard. You need medical attention."
"Yeah, but I'll be lonely up in that big room all by myself," Steve teased, and Tony rolled his eyes. While he couldn't see Steve's expression at the moment, he could only imagine the sad puppy-dog eyes that Steve would be giving him.
As strange as everything in this world was, Tony couldn't help but constantly glance back over at Steve. He wanted to go home, he really did, but somehow Tony doubted that would happen. Men like him didn't have true loves, especially not with people as great as Steve.
"Tony, calm down," he said, instantly regretting his choice of words as the genius glared at him, still panicking. He hugged his boyfriend close, wishing that he could rub his back. The suit was getting in the way at the moment, and he had no way of opening it. "Come on, breathe. What's the problem?"
"He probably has his reasons not to say anything to anyone," Stark said, though he looked worried at why Tony would be keeping that secret. "Probably shouldn't be too mad at him, right?"
It was hard to hear, because Steve couldn’t help but blame himself. He couldn’t help but wish that he’d never been put in that simulation, because they made him
of you are going to be invited to our wedding, that’s for sure.” A couple of times while Steve snapped at the team, Tony noticed the way that the wide-eyed Avengers tried to interrupt him, casting scared and guilty glances over at Tony. “And you know what? Even though this is Tony’s tower, I might have to ask you all to leave after how badly you treated the love of my life—”
“No, he can’t be. The simulation’s working perfectly,” Tony said, pulling up the data on his tablet. “See? There aren’t any issues at all, I made
“Maybe it would be better to wait until morning…” he mumbled, looking over at the trees. It was so dark out in the forest already, and the chances of actually finding Tony in the darkness… “Are there hotels here?”
“I know it can’t be easy after…” …after Steve lost Michael and Mary and Susan and the baby, the children he thought that he had.
"Let's go home," Steve murmured, glad to have his team around him. Perhaps one day he'd be able to talk with Tony about him being Iron Man, and about the trust that he'd never lose.
The huge werewolf snarled at snapped at people but wasn’t close enough to anyone to actually hurt them. Steve was frozen in place, staring at those golden-brown eyes, wishing that he knew what was going on, wishing that there was some sort of human intelligence in them.
I am right now," Tony replied. The reactor was fine, so he was ready to go. Bruce had gotten him to answer a couple of his millions of questions, and that was enough.
in. He had enough time to grab his gauntlet and aim it at... Bucky. Breathing a sigh of relief, he lowered the repulsor before he shot at his friend.
"Mr. Stark," a voice said, and Tony gasped as someone grabbed him from behind. One of the men held his arms behind his back, while the other one pressed a cloth to his face. "Time for you to come with us."
," Tony groaned. One thing that he hadn't missed that whole day was the overprotective, overbearing teammates that he loved
, shattering glass everywhere. Thankfully Bucky’s left arm took most of the ‘damage’ and shielded him from the glass. “No… I was only turning it
time you decide to drop by, we can see exactly what it's like to have two Captain Americas and two Iron Mans in one bed." Stark gave him a predatory smirk, and Tony had to admit, he'd never really thought about trans-dimensional intercourse before, but it might be fun. Sure, he'd have to talk Steve into it, but...
“How about this? You lie down on the bed for a while, and I’ll keep you company,” Steve murmured, a sly grin on his lips.
only about three inches tall at the moment, so it wasn't an issue at all. It was actually kind of hilarious, not that he could tell Bucky that. "You and Steve will
Mmm, Steve. His eyes wandered up and down his boyfriend's body, watching him move around the kitchen. While he loved Steve for who he was—the man had a heart of gold, and Tony loved him as much as he admired him—the muscles were definitely a nice addition. He'd stick by Steve's side and love him even if he lost all those beautiful muscles, even if he was horribly disfigured, even if he didn't look like Steve anymore. But the muscles were definitely a nice bonus.
you look like I'm always going to love you. I thought I made that clear. I haven't been treating you any different, have I? I didn't think so, but if I made you think this—"
Tony couldn't hide his smile. They hadn't been out in a while, and it might be fun. After all, if Steve was going to leave him, he might as well get a few more good days in. "Okay."
"I've been getting everything ready in the medical wing in case anyone needs help, and yet you guys don't even tell me when you get back to the tower," Bruce said, dropping the huge first-aid kit onto the couch.
“I know, Tony told me,” he said with a grin, though he looked happy to be hearing it from more than just one person. “Tasha and Bucky are over at the ship waiting for us to get back. We’ve got to go—I, uh, had to take down a couple of those aliens while I was waiting, so they’ve got to be pretty pissed by now.”
"Just a flesh wound," Clint murmured, though he didn't seem to mind the attention that he was getting from the super-soldier. "I'm fine, Buck, really. What's up with these people? Do they really not know the Avengers?"
Tony bit his lip. No one knew about that—Bruce had never spoken a word of those days in the lab to anyone, until now, and neither had he. And the dating thing—he
"Tony," Steve said, and he could hear the 'Captain America' tone in his voice. He really shouldn't have been surprised that the man had his superhero suit underneath his date suit. The man easily leapt into action, trying to herd people towards the exit.
"The rest of the Avengers will be arriving in three minutes, and I have informed Dr. Banner that you have returned. He will be here in thirty seconds," Jarvis warned. "I figured that you two could... use a moment."
"Thank you for letting him stay," Steve said, standing up so that he could hug his boyfriend. Tony turned his head a little so that he could kiss Steve’s cheek. "He won't hurt anyone."
“I was wondering if those generals would ever let you leave,” was his only greeting when he walked into the kitchen. He grinned, giving his lover a kiss before he picked up the tiny blonde haired little girl who was at his feet.
"Well, I'm exhausted," Tony said, moving towards the door. Steve caught his arm before he was able to walk by, gently pulling him down so that he could kiss him.
. Next thing he knew Bruce would be telling him that he shouldn't be living off of coffee because it's
work, this one worked... a little too much. The portal opened before him, and he grinned like a mad scientist upon seeing the swirling colors that graced the gateway to another world.
