And to Tiaoconnell, send much internet love for continuing to serve as an overly generous, and expert beta, and all around good buddy.
“Ah, little brother. You didn’t write up any list for me, I assume. Did you enjoy your field trip otherwise?”
Success. The body was turning on and the brain was shutting down. John climbed on to the mattress and settled between his legs. “Oh, but you’re wrong. You weren’t listening,” he sing-songed. Sherlock giggled out loud, then said in mock frustration, “What? What is it?”
think of Mycroft in the shower. The sight of Sherlock’s arousal in the kitchen was a trigger for one of John’s favorite memories: the night they broke the table….
Sherlock was still lying on top of him when he woke John up not much later with a low groan. He had hardly stirred, but even that subtle movement awakened the ache that was stalking him. John knew it wouldn’t only be his bottom that would be feeling the pain. A spanking engaged muscles that were rarely used. They would be strained from tensing up and moving in atypical ways. Sherlock’s whole body would be stiff and sore, some parts more than others, of course. John needed to get up and help start him healing. Besides that, he needed to pee. But the warm weight pinning him to the bed reminded him how much he had missed the feel of Sherlock’s solid physical body, the mass and contours of it. He used his hands to map him out again, to touch him, to satisfy his animal hunger for him.
“The sooner we start, the sooner we can declare the grounding officially over. Move on to more pleasant activities,” John said with waggling eyebrows.
“It’s late. I’m hungry and you still owe me 3 more meals. C’mon.” He tickled his fingers up and down his rib cage.
John continued to work on his bum and when he finished he put the gel in the drawer of the night table and got Sherlock the promised shirt. He slid it over his head and helped him straighten it out in front. “Sure you won’t be cold, love?” Sherlock grunted something and John grabbed a novel from the bedside table and arranged himself, head on a pillow, leaning against the headboard. As soon as he was horizontal, Sherlock threw an arm and a leg over him, sliding over to get as much contact as he could. John pulled his head farther up on his chest and wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s neck so that he could hold the book with both hands. Sherlock was snoring softly in two minutes. Poor thing, thought John. We’ve only just started. John read until his head started to nod, perhaps half an hour more and joined him in sleep.
It was a nondescript box, wrapped in plain brown paper, with anonymous labels, addressed to Sherlock. John handed it over and Sherlock sneered, which John interpreted as Mycroft. “Shall I open it then? I’m assuming it’s safe.”
Sherlock tore his eyes away from John and wobbled toward it. When he got there, he paused and began to turn around, but John stopped him with a word: “Facedown.”
“I think I’d rather take the walk later. While I have the energy, I think I should work on… the… last… you know…” John gave him a raised eyebrow, making it clear he wouldn’t provide the words Sherlock was struggling with. “Uh, well, your letter, that is,” in his little voice.
John nodded at Sherlock and he stood up, throwing his shoulders back and clasping his hands behind his back. John approved. Best to face it like a soldier.
“Sarah needs to know she can count on me, otherwise she’ll stop calling altogether. And I need to keep up my skills.”
John was now quite concerned that Sherlock’s metaphysical introspection would completely derail the orgasm train they had been waiting for, so he rolled over quickly, letting Sherlock slide out. Sherlock moaned in disappointment, but John just giggled at him. He pulled Sherlock down into a fierce, open-mouthed kiss, partly because he was desperately starved for his mouth, and partly to shut him up. When he was certain that Sherlock had regained his focus, he let go of the tongue he was sucking and said, “In fact, now that I’m here…” He looked down at his cock, waving proudly and dripping onto his belly, “why don’t you take care of me first, then you can take all the time you like.”
“Jo-ohn!” Sherlock whined. “That’s not fa—“ He sucked in his lips in an attempt to keep the word from escaping. At least John had succeeded in making him aware of the juvenile aspect of that particular complaint. Left without a comeback, he scowled.
Survival instincts triggered, the genius responded immediately. “Another example of how you see, John, but fail to observe. I was thoroughly repelled by The Woman’s occupation.”
Sherlock got down to business. He was quiet, his focus fixed on the prominence rubbing up against his stomach. He pushed up and back off John and had to swallow. His mouth was watering. It was rosy pink against the tan of his belly and he couldn’t wait to get his lips around it. “Now that’s a plan. You first because, I’m not going to last anyway. I’ve missed you.” And he dropped his head, mouth open, eyes fixed on him. John groaned and reached down to tangle his fingers in Sherlock’s hair.
He growled and pulled Sherlock off of him. He pulled his bottoms up far enough to allow him to move and with the disguised strength in his compact form, he lifted him up from under his thighs and slammed his arse on the table. They both heard in the far distance, an ominous creak, but could no more have heeded it than they could have a bumblebee buzzing its wings in Birmingham. Or was it Brazil?
John sighed and gave up. He held out toast for him again, then took a bite himself. They finished up and John went to take his shower.
Sherlock, comprehension dawning, sat up straight in the chair then shifted from one hip to the other, testing the tenderness of his bottom. When he realized he was pain-free, he sprang out of his chair and grabbed John by the hand. Their flight was accompanied by more disapproving scowls. They ran together and burst through the front door of the club, Sherlock with his hand already in the air, calling for a cab. The two of them were vibrating with tension and sat thigh to thigh on the rear seat. Any additional contact would have sent them into an inappropriate frenzy, and beside, the anticipation was a pleasure in itself.
“No! No, Sherlock, it…never mind. I’m not clever enough to explain it to you. So, scale of 1-10? She didn’t actually cry.”
John tutted at him, “Tsk, tsk. Actually, the term “autistic savant” is preferred now. The archaic term, idiot savant refers to a severely cognitively limited or autistic individual, “extremely low” in the technical jargon, with a very specific skill set in the “genius range” or “highly advanced”. What you call it depends on who’s doing the measuring. Which scale is being used, who’s making the judgment. You are the opposite, a “very superior”, “extremely high”, “upper extreme” individual with a severely limited specific skill set in one category. You are an intellectual savant and an emotional idiot. Savant idiot. Emotions make you feel like a child because that part of you hasn’t developed properly.”
John let him go when he tugged this time and, exasperated, Sherlock answered, “Is there some sort of emotional insight you want me to come to here John? Can’t you just tell me what it is, rather than make me suffer through the interminable journey it would take for me to arrive there independently?”
Sherlock opened the paper and removed the center few sheets, handing the rest of it to John. He spread them on the floor of the cab and knelt down on them giving him a knowing smile.
“Of course, John, I’m not a child—“ He cut himself off and John and Mrs Hudson burst into laughter. Sherlock huffed and turned his back on them, screeching on his violin.
“I’m hardly going to combust spontaneously, John, and I’m too sore to wreak any havoc. I’ll be fine. Besides, you’re going to be needing your strength for this evening’s entertainment,” he added glumly.
John stumbled over his words. “But, but, you’ve obviously taken the lesson to heart, right? If you’ll forgive the expression. The punishment has…succeeded! Why would we need, or why would you want to continue?”
John yelled back, “Shut up, Inspector! Those are trade secrets!” Hysterical laughter from the two of them accompanied the rolling of eyes from Sherlock.
Imagine my delight upon being informed that the couple engaged in, shall we say, questionable activities, outside the gym, which I have had under surveillance since the days of your misguided youth, were none other than Mr. Holmes, the younger, and his lawfully wedded spouse. I would ask that in the future, you  confine your conjugal activities to legally permissible venues, which I and my surrogates are reasonably unlikely to discover in the normal course of the business of the British Empire, and/or the preservation of your life and liberty; indoors, preferably. I refuse to guarantee you or your husband immunity against prosecution for public indecency.
Sherlock felt an icy finger run up his backbone and he closed his eyes. What he said was, “Yes, Captain,” and started with his shirt, but John interrupted.
By the time John got back, Sherlock was buttoned up in his coat and ready to leave. He’d obviously been counting on the silly little brains of the gym members to fail to notice his trousers. Only John would be quick enough to observe that he had switched out his usual bespoke wool for black leather. While John tried to process the image of
“I’m not telling you to go all brotherly love on him. That would be…disturbing. But could you possibly just try to think about him differently? Give him the tiniest benefit of the doubt. Look at his actions in light of how it could have been different? About what would change if he actually did what you think you want him to do.”
Mycroft barked out a laugh and stood up, grinning widely in what might have passed for genuine amusement, if not for the unpleasant undertone of schadenfreude at Sherlock’s inevitable comeuppance. He grabbed his umbrella and headed for the door. “As much as I’d love to witness your sentencing and execution, Sherlock, duty calls. Doctor, I would only caution you to remember that justice is a dish best served cold and in the absence of sentiment and that the purpose of punishment is deterrence. Although satisfaction for the aggrieved is an entirely permissible corollary.”
“I’m supposed to apologize now, right? Even if I don’t feel sorry?” Pouting again. John kissed his irresistible pouty lips and gave them a swipe with his tongue.
As the door to Mrs. Hudson’s wing opened, his nose was flooded with the smells of his heart: all of her absurd herbal supplements, cakes in every imaginable combination of icing, filling and flavor, roast turkey, shepherd’s pie, warm milk, scones…He heard a distant, “oo-hoo” and slammed it shut, heart pounding, before she could come into view.
At six, Mrs Hudson called out, “Ooh-hoo, boys. Can I pop up for a second? I have a Valentine’s Day thank you for you.” She appeared with a heart-shaped chocolate cake and John gave her a peck on the cheek, while Sherlock scowled. She ignored it and pulled him down for a kiss on the forehead. “It was so sweet of you to get me those tickets. I haven’t seen them in ages! And of course it means that you’ll be free to enjoy yourselves this evening as well. I hope you have plans.” She gave Sherlock a cheeky smile and he blushed instantly.
“Don’t be ridiculous, John, I’m rank,” said Sherlock, lifting his arm to take a whiff. His nose wrinkled.
She addressed herself to John next. “Well, I’ve taken a bit for myself, John, so show a little mercy, will you?” She headed for the door and John called after her, “I’ll keep it in mind.”
Sherlock’s eyes fluttered and he practically sprinted towards the loo. John mirrored his smile and started to set the food out on plates. He set them in the microwave and went to the bedroom to strip and put on a dressing gown temporarily. He couldn’t gather himself to shower till he’d eaten. Sherlock was back at the table in eleven minutes, twenty-four seconds and John gave him a proper kiss. “Did I mention how amazing you were?”
Sherlock hadn’t finished the letter, so he spent some time on its final preparations, then some virtual composing. He said, “I’m actually looking forward to examining the results of this experiment, John. Just think, if it’s successful, I can appear to be taking notes, completely absorbed during Lestrade’s trivial, tedious interrogations when I’m actually composing! Lestrade has developed the ability to tell when I’m in my mind palace and it’s infuriating that he can call me back to attend to his drivel. He’ll have no idea that I’m paying no attention to him whatsoever!”
“Yes, well. He could just deny all responsibility, all knowledge of me. His life would certainly be easier.”
He shoved his hips up against him and pulled his head down. He grabbed his lower lip between his teeth and tugged on it.
Uh-oh, John thought. The officers were coming back for shift change. John knew it would be noisy and busy as they checked in, shouted greetings, compared notes on the day.
He rubbed at his face and said, “This time I really think I’ve gone as far as I can. Can you read it for me and see if it’s enough?”
“I know. I know you are. We’re almost finished now.” John examined him and rubbed Sherlock’s red, hot skin gently for a few seconds. Wishing he didn’t have to, he prepared himself for the final ten. Maybe he could offer a choice at least, to let Sherlock know he was feeling regretful about the necessity. Ordinarily, John didn’t ask for his input during a spanking, but this whole weekend had turned out differently from the usual expectations.
John waited till Raul left the locker room and pounced on Sherlock. He grabbed a fistful of his still damp hair and pulled him down for a vicious kiss. Sherlock hummed and grabbed him back. John said, “You cock. You are in for it.”
He kept his question simple. “Will you remind yourself of that in the future before you decide to ignore the rules we’ve agreed on to keep you safe?” John knew that he wouldn’t be able to answer anymore, his breaths shuddering in and out rapidly between the sobs and he accepted the quiver of Sherlock’s head as a yes.
“’Fraid so, love. Go brush your teeth and then I want you to do 20 minutes of corner time. Hands behind your neck and no mind palace. Tonight is for Mrs. Hudson, so concentrate on her. I’ll be asking you’ve what you’ve thought about, so make a mental list. I’ll be in the bedroom when you’ve finished.”
Sherlock’s breath stuttered and he bucked his hips up off the mattress. John seized the opportunity to shove a pillow underneath him. The lube was in the bedside table and he grabbed it, flicking the lid up and down because the click of it made Sherlock positively wriggle. John chuckled again.
John sat on Sherlock’s left side and spread out his fingers on his stomach. He let it lie there for a few seconds, then laid his hand on his cheek. Sherlock closed his eyes and turned his face to rub against it. He moved his arm with the intention of covering John’s hand with his own. When it was caught up short by the thread, he was so startled, his eyes flew open and he stared at his own hand in confusion. John laughed, quietly, and Sherlock looked at him with a look of such ravenous lust, that the laugh was strangled in his throat. He crashed his lips into him, growling and sucking on his tongue like a starving animal. Sherlock lifted his chest up off the mattress striving to get closer and groaned when he couldn’t wrap his arms around him.
Exasperated with him now, John gave him another and asked, “Any more clever remarks?” Sherlock shook his head with gritted teeth, sniffling and whimpering.
“Any ordinary person would be wanting dinner soon. I wanted dinner half an hour ago.” Walking up behind him, John wrapped his arms around him and kissed the back of his neck. Sherlock tilted his head around so John could reach his temple and he hummed.
Sherlock groaned in frustration and arching his back, he moaned, “Touch me. I need you to touch me.”
Sherlock deflated a little, maintaining his arrogance by a hair’s breadth. “Once the game is on, I won’t be paying any attention to the transport, John.”
Greg cursed under his breath and John could almost see him grinding the heel of his hand into his forehead.
Sherlock laid his head on his thigh and held him softly in his hand, never losing eye contact. John laughed breathlessly and said, “Come here, you.” He pulled his hair gently and Sherlock scrambled up. John was still hungry for him and they kissed deeply, John tasting himself on Sherlock’s tongue. They dipped and swirled their tongues enjoying their access to one another Sherlock’s cock was throbbing against John’s thigh. After a while, John pushed back on his shoulders. “Hey. I love you. I’ve missed you. Now I really need some fucking to happen here, so hurry up and fuck me, or else I’m going to go to sleep.” He lay back on the bed with his hands behind his head, the picture of lazy, satisfied lust.
Sherlock was trying to ease himself onto the cushion to see if his bum could tolerate it, and he looked at him in disbelief.
John kissed him lightly on his shoulder blade. “You might be holding on a little too tightly to your dignity, darling. You’re going to have to lighten up a bit if you’re going to get through this.”
The shiny smear on Sherlock’s belly caught his eye and John maneuvered his chin around Sherlock’s erection, making sure to let the stubble on his cheek scrape gently against the hot skin. He kissed and licked at the wet patch noisily, blush spreading from Sherlock’s cheeks to his throat and down onto the pale skin of his chest. When Sherlock’s belly was clean, John turned his attention to the source of the stickiness. He rubbed his forehead, nose, cheeks, lips, all over Sherlock’s groin, inhaling the scent of his arousal, deeper and richer here.
Sherlock shouted, “That wasn’t rehabilitation! You kept me locked in the house for three weeks! That was imprisonment!”
Sherlock shrugged. “Somewhere between gunshot wound and Serbian torture chamber.” John turned to look at him, but Sherlock was grinning wickedly at him. “Stop worrying, Doctor. My prognosis is excellent.” John punched his shoulder gently. “Berk.”
“No you don’t, Mrs. H. I’ll not have you putting me in a better mood before I’ve made my point. Maybe on the way down.”
John rubbed the side of his head in the depression below his temple, where the hand drill of a migraine was beginning to twist.
“You pulled me away from a very intriguing experiment, forced me into a discussion of scheduling trivia and irrelevant social niceties, flooded my nervous system with oxytocin and endorphins, all of which dulled my analytical skills. You overwhelmed my physical senses, whispering and tickling my skin, smelling and tasting like your intoxicating self, and arousing me for dubious purposes. While I was addled, you seduced me into a commitment, which you will not allow me to break, under the pretenses of an essentially meaningless festive social construct. Obviously, this has something to do with last weekend’s,” he searched for the correct term, “pissing contest between you and Gavin, trying to outdo each other’s alleged histories of sexual versatility. And now you are going to use me, experiment on me, exploit me, John, and my adoration of you, to further your reputation as a sexual god. Admit it.”
John laughed at him. “How about we call it balancing? Your enormous intellect and your undernourished emotions? They both reside in your brain, you know. Neurological experiments and brain injury research have proven that beyond any doubt. Let’s just say we’re helping you develop new synaptic connections.”
“Oh, all right. Bossy.” John reached around Sherlock’s waist and rubbed the flat of his palm delicately across the tip of his cock where fluid had started to drip. He swallowed and sucked on his lower lip. Sliding his hand down, he reached bottom and made a loose ring of his thumb and middle finger. With the lightest of touches, he dragged it up and down. He was careful not to lean his hips and legs against Sherlock’s sore parts, but he couldn’t keep his erection from gently sliding up against the top of the crease of Sherlock’s arse where it met his lower back. Sherlock gasped when he felt it and dropped down flat on the bed. He was desperate for John, but on all fours, the potential for pain threatened and he panicked.
“I still don’t understand.” John was of two minds about stories of the bad old days. On the one hand, he was eager to know even the smallest detail of Sherlock’s life before he’d met him. And of course, he still worried about his weight. But he had heard Greg and Mycroft speak of “the bad old days” and he wasn’t sure he wanted to know exactly how bad they’d been.
He whirled around, trying to see where he’d gone wrong. “I only meant you’re a fool because I’m not good enough for you and you should find someone who deserves you because I don’t.” With more certainty, he said, “You should put me on another day of punishment. A whole week, ok? All right?” Continued silence. “Please, say something. John?”
Eventually the gel dried and Sherlock whispered “Thank you.” He was breathing calmly and John knew that his work was done. And a good thing too, because he was wrecked, and wanted nothing more than to crawl into bed himself. He nudged Sherlock over and laid down flat on his back. Sherlock immediately flung his arm and leg over him. John worked one arm under Sherlock’s neck and took his hand with the other. He held it up against his chest and they were asleep in seconds.
“Do shut up, Mycroft. Contrary to your own opinion, wit is not your strong suit. And get out of my chair.”
John let go with a loud slurp and asked, “Promise?” and returned to licking and sucking on his neck this time, just enough to leave a little redness behind. Sherlock’s head rolled alarmingly on his neck and John steadied it. He kissed him full on the lips and tilted his head so that he was looking right at his eyelids. He repeated, “Promise?” And again, “Promise?” He jiggled Sherlock’s head a little. Sherlock had to exert a great effort to open his eyes and breathe. He blinked a little and tried to find John’s eyes, then nodded. “Promise.”
Sherlock pushed his hips up into John’s and tried to grind their erections together, but he slipped off of him and out of the bed. “Save it for after your workout tonight, gorgeous. I’ve got to go to work.” He was counting on Sherlock being too lazy to chase after him, and he was right.
“And then he blames me when he has to activate his divisions and lackeys and equipment to rescue me.” He rolled his eyes at the last bit. “I don’t need rescuing. I didn’t ask him to rescue me. Why should I be grateful for something I didn’t want in the first place? And to have to apologize? He should have minded his own business and I wouldn’t have to apologize! If it’s such a horrible imposition or waste of his, or should I say, the Empire’s resources to clear up after what he considers to be my messes, he’s more than welcome to sod off permanently. He’s pried and butted in from the beginning and I don’t need him trying to save my life every—“
Sherlock pulled away and a string of saliva and pre-come stretched from his lower lip to the tip of his John’s cock. Sherlock tried to lick it off, then used his index finger to swipe it away. He stared up at John with smoldering eyes and licked it off. John was hypnotized with lust. He stared, mouth open at the sight. It was obscene in the most delicious way imaginable.
“Lift up,” he said, using his finger to raise Sherlock’s chin. He waited for him to open his mouth and placed the pills on his tongue. He held the glass of water to his lips and let him take a few gulps to help the pain reliever go down. Sherlock hated taking pills. He swore he could taste them and follow their course all the way down his throat and into his stomach. John was pleased he hadn’t fussed. Either he was looking forward to the relief or he was feeling compliant. “Good boy.” Sherlock gave a barely detectable wriggle at the praise. John made a mental note to be complimentary today. Sherlock could use some building up. Now for the pants. He raised the dressing gown and grabbed the waistband.
John thanked his lucky stars again to know that everyone was just as invested in Sherlock staying clean as he was.
John grasped their cocks in his fist, surrounding them with his hand. He slid them, almost shoving up against each other. Sherlock lifted his head off the pillow to watch and John locked eyes with him as he rubbed them together. John arched his back but fought to keep Sherlock in view, struggling against throwing his head back. The sight of him, refusing to interrupt their connection, set Sherlock off and he came, with a cry, all over his chest. John held on to him and worked him through the last of his spasms. Then he let go of Sherlock and gripped himself tightly. He thrust himself into his fist followed with his own cry a few strokes later. His head dropped and he sat as they tried to catch their breath together. Finally John asked him, “Are you ok?”
“I’m vaguely insulted that you are doubting my intentions. There is no subterfuge going on here. I simply want you to come with me. Besides everyone has been asking why you never come. Aren’t I allowed to show you off? I don’t want them thinking I’m ashamed of you. Some of them have been around forever: Jack, the cut man, he’s an old timer. Sean, he’s young for a coach, but a lot of them are around your age,” John raised his eyebrows and Sherlock corrected himself, “Our age.” Sherlock concentrated on packing up his kit on the sofa. “Of course there are some younger ones as well. Douglas, he’s been my cornerman a few times. Looks like a college student.” Sherlock’s lip quirked up in a half smile, which John noted with slightly furrowed eyebrows.
Greg, relieved, said, “That’s ok then. He’ll fill you in. You’ve gotta know, for Sherlock to send that message means you’re a bloody miracle worker. He’s not the only genius in that flat. Cheers.”
Another scathing look. He made his way upstairs and shortly John heard him thumping around in the costume boxes. That was a worthwhile pastime. They could use sorting. You never knew when you’d need to go all fancy dress for a case on short notice. The easier it was to find your kit, the faster you’d be undercover. He tried to resist the urge to check on him, reasoning that Sherlock knew he was in enough trouble already, he wouldn’t be pushing any limits.
Angelo was solicitous. “You’re not sick, Sherlock? Let me make up some of Mama’s meatball soup, it will fix anything. Cured my nonna on her deathbed with the flu.”
Sherlock made a final attempt to forestall the inevitable, “I’m clean. I swear,” to no effect. Lestrade’s look was enough: he’d heard it all before. He glanced at John who gave permission with a shrug of his shoulder. First he turned around and fished in the pockets of the coat on the back of the door, including the inner breast pocket and the one sewn into the hem. Nothing. Then he walked towards Sherlock with purpose and began his physical examination. He put his hands on either side of Sherlock’s head and John marveled at Greg’s courage and Sherlock’s temerity. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen Sherlock so compliant with another person, although he’d never enquired as to the depth and nature of their relationship. Greg tilted Sherlock’s head back and pulled on his upper lids, then down on the lower. Head up again, flashing his nostrils with his standard issue penlight. He flickered it quickly into each eye and Sherlock blinked. He grabbed his left wrist, straightened out his arm, and pulled up the sleeve, checking it for pinpoint blood stains He ran his fingers all the way up and over his inner elbow. He pulled the sleeve down and repeated the procedure on the right arm. He frisked him head to toe, ruffling his hair, searching his pockets. He poked between the toes of his bare feet and when he stood up, fists on his hips, Sherlock began to unbuckle his belt.  John interrupted him.
After they deposited Mrs Hudson off, John took a shower. When he finished Sherlock was sprawled on the bed with his dressing gown on. He drew it up over his backside so John could “fondle my arse. You’re not fooling me, Captain. I know you just can’t wait to get your hands on it and your cock in it again.”
John cut her off. “You’re not responsible for this and neither am I. I’ll make it up--” She cut him off in return, pushing him out.
John went to him and took his hands down from his face. He pulled him over by the chair, where he pushed him down onto his knees. Sherlock grimaced when his bum met the backs of his calves, but he adjusted himself and settled into the most comfortable position he could find, head bent and staring at the floor.
John gripped himself tighter and dropped his head so the water beat down on the back of his neck. One, two, three pulls and the orgasm roared over him like the unheard vibrations of a jet engine. The shudder shook him from the center of his body outward, to the tips of every nerve ending. He choked back a groan and huffed, trying to remain silent, but Sherlock knocked on the door in some sort of evil, telepathic synchronicity. John could have sworn he hadn’t made a sound that could have travelled past the shower curtain, but he knew that somehow, Sherlock had divined that John was attaining satisfaction (of a sort) without him.
“Course not. I’m not going to give him an inch. I’ll find somebody. Worst case scenario, I’ll bring him with me.” He was glad Molly couldn’t see him wince. The last time Sherlock had come to the surgery, 3 patients had left in tears and they’d had to stay after hours to clean the walls of the results of his experiment (“I’m on the verge of a major discovery, John. You should be thanking me, not tallying up demerits.”) Maybe he could hire someone…
Breathlessly he teased him. “What Sherlock? Do you want something? Aren’t you enjoying yourself? Or is there something else you want?” It irritated Sherlock when John in actuality didn’t know what he wanted. When he pretended he didn’t know, it drove him mad.
“And try to take better care of your toys. I would hate to have to tell Mummy that you were still leaving them lying around."
“Even more of a reason to take advantage of the potentially fascinating developments occurring at this very moment between your legs,” John teased as he ground his cotton covered groin up against Sherlock’s naked one. Things moved rather quickly from there. “You see? You never know what might happen. Maybe an interesting case will come in. Things change in the blink--” He cut off with a groan as the blood flowing to his groin stiffened him so that he could slide up against alongside Sherlock’s bollocks. He nudged his cock and dropped his upper body so that their chests were in full contact.
“Caring. That would be caring. About you and for you and despite your and Mycroft’s best efforts, you care about them. And what they think. And you don’t want to disappoint them!” John ended triumphantly.
“What I really want is to chin you, but I’m gonna leave it in your doctor’s hands.” He pointed his finger right at Sherlock’s chin and stared daggers at him, but turned toward John instead.
John was a bit startled. And then suspicious. That sounded almost like…Sherlock had been considering their…relationship? Asking for something. Completely out of character. Had to be an ulterior motive lurking somewhere. Unfortunately for John, his face was incapable of disguising his thoughts, and utterly transparent to Sherlock.
He paused and let the anticipation build, then let his second stroke fall parallel to the first. There was a frozen moment until Sherlock’s nervous system caught up to the stimulus. “Aah! Ah, ah, ah.” John watched as his back, thighs, buttocks, flinched, tightening and releasing, trying somehow to mitigate the maddening burn, but the lessons taught at school had been bred in deep. Lose your position and earn penalty strokes. Sherlock held himself in place, but for the squeezing of his hands and tensing of his muscles.
Sherlock ground his hips against the mattress and growled, “I can’t THINK anymore. Pants. The elastic in your pants and now you’re finished. Fuck me. John. Now.”
Wriggling despite himself, Sherlock blurted, “Um, uh, I’m sorry, I don’t know!” This was a new level of punishment, being soundly spanked after a caning. His brain was going offline. John knew that Sherlock would have no doubt that the punishment hadn’t been watered down.
The force of John’s lunging was sliding Sherlock’s chest back and forth across the slippery lining of John’s jacket, weakening the impact. Sherlock propped himself up on his elbows and braced his hands on the concrete to meet John's unstoppable force as an immovable object.
“It's ok. It’s ok, I understand. I understand completely. I wouldn’t let him come anyway on a day like that, Molly. Knock ‘em dead and don’t worry.”
Sherlock closed his eyes and took another deep breath in and shakily sent it back out. John went to work on his left ankle, then finally the right. He fastened his legs to the footboard at about the same location as his arms on the headboard, leaving him room to move his legs from side to side a bit, but not enough to close them all together. He could bend his knees just enough to let some of the weight of them rest on his heels, but not without a little bit of a strain. Sherlock had his eyes closed and was clenching and opening his fists, pulling his arms as far down as the thread would allow him. He slid his heels up and down on the sheet. His cockhead was wet now. John stood up and said, “Open your eyes, and look at me Sherlock.” Sherlock opened his eyes and had to look around to find John. He was panting again.
They walked together into the bedroom and John opened the wardrobe doors. “I’m thinking… sweat pants?” Sherlock snorted. “Pyjama bottoms?”
John whispered in his ear. “That’s enough for tonight love. You’ve had your catharsis. Leave it to Molly to figure out how to do it without a single blow. Come to bed.”
Sherlock sat or rather stood at the microscope, mounting slides and taking notes, until Greg showed up at eleven to take their statements. He wickedly offered Sherlock a chair, which he declined with tightened lips. Greg nodded in satisfaction and John looked down at his shoes in false modesty. Sherlock traipsed around the room in frustration, eager to get back to his microscope. Eventually Greg finished and John resigned himself to several more hours working at the desktop computer on his blog while Sherlock peered through his lenses. Molly cleared off, “for a date with a bloke from radiology,” she made sure to point out.
He stared out the window of the cab, searching like a sea captain’s wife scans the waves, realizing it was futile even as he did so. He kept rubbing his temple to try and relieve the pressure throbbing its way through his skull. A migraine now would be less than helpful. He checked his watch. 3:19. Playing back the timeline in his head, John imagined he’d had between 25 and 30 minutes on the run? That was more than enough time for Sherlock to have set up a buy. He dreaded the thought, but there was every chance that he had made arrangements first thing in the morning. How could he have faith in him when he had disregarded the rules so completely? Though, there was still the possibility that, though he had been tempted away, he was fighting the pull of the needle.
Sherlock moaned wordlessly, “Nnngh. Aaah. Aah.” He panted and gasped and his hands reached up to grab at John but couldn’t find him. His fingers scrabbled at the surface of the table, finding nothing to hold him down to earth and he drifted on the waves of pleasure that were being driven through him by John’s relentless intrusions. When John finally, at a glacial pace, pulled back, he slammed back in and spent a few moments twisting and rotating his hips, and pushing back gently on the backs of Sherlock’s knees until he heard him let out a stuttering whine that let him know he had found the spot he was seeking. And then he gave up his careful searching and drove into and out of him with a blind passion. He reached for Sherlock’s shaft, which was dripping pearly fluid onto the tautly drawn muscles of his stomach. He stroked up and down at the same pace of his thrusts and after a very few codas, they came together in a harmonic of shout and groan….
Sherlock stood up suddenly, almost knocking over his chair, spool gripped tightly in his fist. He looked straight in front of him, turned stiffly and walked away.
No verbal response was forthcoming, just a vague sort of glance in his direction, so John took back the tissues and did his best to wipe away the evidence of the celebration left smeared all over Sherlock’s arse. He did his best, but tissues were not going to do the job. He weighed the relative value of searching Sherlock’s gym bag for a towel, but he was a bit wobbly and John didn’t want to leave him standing by himself.
“Yes, it’ll just take me a minute.” John puttered, clearing away the flannels, gel and chair and putting his pyjamas on. He made him pick up his head so he could flip the pillow and slid in next to him. He fell asleep with Sherlock’s breath on his neck.
John had already finished his breakfast by the time Sherlock made it into the kitchen, resplendent in his purple shirt, curls shining, backlit by the sun streaming in through the windows. He paused in a pose worthy of a fashion spread and John had a suspicion that it wasn’t entirely spontaneous. “Are you teasing me?” he asked.
“Sherlock, you were not where we left you. You were not at the desk, and you were not in the staff room and now all of NSY and MI6 are searching the entire city of London--” John realized he was shouting from the wide eyes and slightly open mouth on the cabbie’s face and whispered the rest, “searching the entire city of London for you.”
When Sherlock’s eyes opened, John unsettled him again, pulling out in one slow, sweet slide, leaving just the head of his cock sitting right on the inside edge of Sherlock’s opening. John grinned to see him tense up again, unable to keep up with the rapidly changing sensations of full and empty. He wanted Sherlock that way, losing his bearings, resigned to accept his unmooring, steadied only by his willingness to take whatever John offered. He wanted him off balance and he moved against him unpredictably, without any rhythm. Short, sharp thrusts followed achingly slow glides. John pushed back on Sherlock’s thighs, changing the angle of his entries. He sped up, slowed down, and stopped just to see how it shattered Sherlock’s façade. He had stretched one arm up overhead and was clutching at the spindles of the headboard while his other arm was thrown over his eyes. John reached up and uncovered his face, pushing his hand up to grab the headboard. “No hiding. Look at me.”
Sherlock glared but John ignored him. He softened and kissed his forehead. “Try to solve it quickly that’s all, so you can come back home and get naked.”
It was Sherlock’s turn to moan. John knew that being given permission to do these filthy things stroked something Sherlock kept deep and hidden. He grabbed the lube again and covered his swollen cock. He leaned forward and let it slide between John’s firm round cheeks, teasing his hole with the crown. John responded my moving his arse, trying to catch Sherlock and push back on him for the penetration he was hungry for. Finally Sherlock couldn’t wait anymore either. He was already so close. He grabbed John’s hips, stilling him so that he could find his mark. When the head caught on the ring of muscle, he leaned forward and John pushed back and they both groaned at the inverse pressure, John opened, Sherlock compressed. When he was firmly seated, Sherlock looked down in wonder. He spoke as if he were in church. “My body is inside your body. I’m inside of you.” John looked back at him with a soft smile. “It’s not the first time, you berk.”
Sherlock nodded and said, “I just want to make sure you’re ready. Don’t want the both of us waddling around tomorrow, do we?” John closed his eyes and dropped his head back with a groan. Sherlock smirked, enjoying being on the other side of the teasing for a change. Another finger eased its way in alongside the first and John shifted on his arse, adjusting to the stretch, not burning but stinging just a bit. “You see. You’ll thank me later.” In fact, he could see John’s hamstrings tensing up as Sherlock’s fingers continued, gently but relentlessly.
John had never worked up the nerve to go with him. He felt like he spent so much time trying to keep the madman’s mind and transport in one piece, he wasn’t sure he could stand seeing someone trying to cleave them apart. He insisted on inspecting him when he got home, fussing over every bruise and scratch. They both agreed that the end result of an evening’s sparring was acceptable, John laying tender kisses over every mark on Sherlock’s otherwise pearly skin and gentle love-making with lots of whining on Sherlock’s part over pretend aches and pains that John needed to pay attention to immediately; parts that John was fairly certain were not targets in a typical boxing match. The next morning Sherlock would argue half-heartedly that John was making an inordinate fuss, but John ignored him, which was, of course exactly what Sherlock expected.
The orange gelatinous slime was niggling away at the back of John’s mind and although he was savouring the temporary tranquility, duty called. He gowned up and attacked the viscous compounds, wondering if he oughtn’t get a permit for their disposal. He came to his senses.
“I’m going, I’m going, no need to get touchy, it was my table broken, wasn’t it…” John shuffled her out and slammed the door behind her. Sherlock collapsed into the chair again. “She’ll never let us live it down. And what did she mean by ‘never mind?’” John went over and put his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders, intending on comforting him but collapsing against him into helpless laughter again, while Sherlock glared around at him....
Sherlock shouted after him, “No wanking in there! I’m timing you!” John made a very rude gesture at him behind his back. On his way out, he grabbed the tablets and another glass of water. He gestured with his chin and Sherlock opened his mouth again. John popped the tablets in.
At minute 18, he started shifting his weight from one foot to another and John said, “Hold still. That’s twice now. If you fidget again, I’m going to add time on.” At 19 minutes, 30 seconds John watched him carefully. Sure enough, at the stroke of 20 minutes, 4 seconds, he saw a minuscule tilt of Sherlock’s head, and John knew he had been keeping time, expecting a repeat of his last 20-minute session.
As much as he wanted to press him, John knew that the security of the nation (the free world?) could not be compromised, no matter how worried Mycroft was about Sherlock’s progress.
Sherlock grimaced. Four days would be the longest penalty period since he and John had agreed on the system that kept Sherlock responsible for his behavior. Grounded meant 30 minutes of fresh air and early bedtime each day. He would have to sit down, (or stand, more likely) for 3 formal meals a day, rather than the one John insisted on. Lost privileges meant no violin, internet, microscope or any other experimenting. He would be bored to madness. Most painful of all was no sex and no release. It felt almost cruel. A year ago such a theoretical deprivation of carnal indulgences would have been meaningless, but since John had awakened him to the pleasures of the flesh, its loss was grievous. It wasn’t that they hadn’t gone hands off for that long a period of time. Sherlock, in the middle of a case, was a virtual monk, forgoing food and sleep, least of all sex. It was the absence of even the possibility of physical intimacy that was punishing. Thinking about what he might be missing hurt. It added to the burden to know that John would be suffering also, despite his innocence. As John had explained it to him, the loss of that physical connection was a concrete reminder of the damage Sherlock did to a relationship when he failed to consider the effects of his behavior on others. The punishments John devised helped reestablish the connections. In this particular case, John said, “Molly and Mrs. Hudson will be right chuffed to see you fattened up a little and well rested and you’ll be eager and relieved to get back to your hobbies. It’ll make Mrs. Hudson happy to see you happy and make her shifts easier next week.” Sherlock sighed deeply. He acknowledged the suitability and nodded.
“That’s what this is about Sherlock. Helping you figure out what it means to love the people who love you. This crying? Feeling sorry and this resolving to do better? That’s catharsis. When you calm down, you’re going to feel so much better. Lighter and easier.” Sherlock looked back at him again with a quietly disbelieving look on his face and John felt himself tearing up and chuckling at the same time.
Sherlock looked at him very intently, as if he were trying to interpret a new language. Then he nodded his head slowly. “I can do that. I can just be with her. If she cries. I don’t have to fix it?”
John sighed and pulled his head down for a kiss on the forehead. “She’s not going to cry, Sherlock. She’s tougher than that. She might get a little teary. But what if she
“Yes, you’re right, it was supposed to be a free day, love, and I’m very sorry, but plans have changed.” John spoke softly and soothingly, as if to a hissing kitten. He held Sherlock’s cheek and then stroked his wild hair back off his forehead. “We did talk about it last night, but we’ve also talked about how plans have to be changed sometimes. This is one of those times. Sarah’s been caught short at the surgery and I have to go. There’s no one else to fill in. So let’s finish what we started so at least we can have a pleasant morning,” he said, looking lasciviously down where his mouth had been a few moments before. His optimism was unwarranted.
If John hadn’t been watching him in real time, he’d have sworn that Sherlock was having the shag of his life. He whined and groaned and made lascivious faces at his husband. John shook his head at him in amused outrage, realizing how well he’d been played. He laughed to himself and swore revenge.
“Absolutely sure. I’ve been through this before. If Raul doesn’t take care of it, I’ll be struggling to move tomorrow.”
Dismissing the obvious with a haughty wave of his hand, Sherlock continued. “But this is brilliant! It may not be a waste of my faculties at all to work on, ugh, emotions. Studying their links to the higher order processes.” He couldn’t keep the testiness out of his voice. “Can’t we call them something else?”
Sherlock moaned and pulled John’s face away from where he was sucking on the side of his endless neck. He licked at his mouth, trying to find his way through John’s clenched teeth, but John was too focused on his double handful, a starving man whose dinner was in reach. In another example of the strength belied by his smaller physique, he picked Sherlock up by the arse, in toto, and spun him around. Sherlock yelped and John grinned to let him know he’d heard it.
“For not trusting me. I told you, once the punishment is over, it’s over. I’m not leaving you to suffer alone. I’m not going to tolerate anything that will undermine your grounding, but I’ll cuddle you and snuggle you as much as you like.”
John stood up and muttered to himself, “I can’t believe I’m going to do this.” Honestly, he didn’t mind Sherlock’s sore arse in the abstract either. Especially when he didn’t have to be the only responsible grown-up in the room. Then to Sherlock, he said, “You know that if we do this, there’s no way on earth Mycroft’s not going to get his hands on them, right?”
The stair door flung open as Lestrade was shouting, “Where’s his skinny-arse? He’s in the right place because he’s about to become a homicide victim.” He caught John’s eye and growled, “Oh no, he’s not going anywhere till I get my hands on him.” He ran towards them, pushing rolling chairs out of the way and skirting desks. John angled himself between Lestrade and his prisoner, looking over his shoulder at the lift indicator arrow. With two desks left as the only barrier between Sherlock and a painful death, the lift chimed and the door opened. John shoved him in and Sherlock punched the close door button frantically. They could hear Lestrade as he reached out his arm, trying to stop the door from closing, but it was too late. They were away, at least for the moment.
Sherlock turned his face so he could rub his cheek against John’s and closed his eyes. John kissed the corner of his eye, then his temple and then his cheekbone. Breathlessly, Sherlock said, “I do. I do want to make you happy.” John lowered his mouth and kissed Sherlock’s upper lip, and then the lower one. He slid his tongue right along the crease between the two of them. Sherlock opened his mouth, but John pulled back, making Sherlock chase him a bit.
John tried to drop the trousers onto the bed, but he missed and was forced to look away from Sherlock again. “Got it. Got it.” When he looked back, Sherlock’s left hand was cupping his bollocks and gently rolling them back and forth.
John broke into hysterical giggles at his expression and rolled off him as well as he could, pulling out of Sherlock with a plop, onto the floor, pushing the wrecked table out of the way. Sherlock kept up the worried patter, as he clutched him to his chest, “John, she’s going to want to know what happened. We can’t tell her the truth. She’d never let us forget it. She’s going to be very cross with us. She probably won’t cook for us for a week, a month, even.”
He had to make two trips to carry everything necessary to initiate the recovery: the tablets, a tall glass of water, the tube of gel, a basin of cool water and a flannel. He sat on the edge of the bed and stroked Sherlock’s cheek with his fingertips. When his eyelids fluttered open, John held the glass in one hand and the pills in the other. “Open up.” Sherlock stuck out his tongue and John dropped them. He held the glass up to his lips and Sherlock took a sip. John said, “No, finish it. You’re probably dehydrated.”
“You prick. You thoughtless, infuriating... Do you have any, the slightest idea of what you just put us all through? You have terrified everyone who cares about you and has been trying to keep you safe.”
John held still, not in fear for Sherlock’s comfort, but to be mindful and take exquisite notice of the tight, wet heat that surrounded his cock. They panted together, the sound filling the otherwise silent room, each waiting for the other’s equilibrium. Sherlock adjusted his hips, one at a time, pushing forward, then pulling back, wanting more, but not so much. They both moaned at the slight shift, Sherlock as John’s girth and length took up new space inside him, and John, as those spaces molded themselves around him more closely. John saw Sherlock’s head tilted back, his mouth open in a perfect O, brow furrowed as if in pain or intense concentration and watched for the signs that would show he was ready for more.
Eventually, though, his stomach gave him away. It growled loudly enough to distract Sherlock who turned with a halfway grin to look at him. John smiled softly back and Sherlock asked, “Hungry again? You are insatiable, John Watson, in so many ways.” His face turned quizzical and he tilted his head. “You haven’t moved in the last 30 minutes. You’ve been staring at me. Why?” He blushed faintly.
Sherlock responded, drily. “You have deluded yourself if you think that your pathetic attempts at humour can lift my mood. I assure you, they do not help.”
John smiled slowly, and said, “Very sensible. What’s it been, a few days? Skill levels have to be maintained. You’ve got to keep your hand in.”
Sherlock complained bitterly but eventually, he got up and took a shower. Afterwards, John soothed the angry stripes with aloe again. Sherlock put his dressing gown on and they had breakfast.
John went over to the sofa and picked up the cushion Sherlock had been hiding in. When he lifted himself on his elbows, John sat and Sherlock hid in his lap. “’Course it is. It’s nothing to be ashamed of. And Mycroft, your big brother, you knew he was clever and he did take care of you.” He felt Sherlock bristle, and tugged on his hair gently. “Oh, stop it, you know he did. I could see it even in the photos.”
Sherlock looked and made as if to sit up, but John placed his hand on his chest and said, “Don’t move. Just watch.” He took hold of himself and stroked, slowly at first but it wasn’t long before he was pumping rapidly and throwing his head back as he came, spurting up and across Sherlock’s flushed chest. Sherlock scooped up a fingerful and licked it delicately off his finger, as John watched and shuddered, then lowered himself so that all his weight was crushing Sherlock to the mattress. Not enough pressure apparently because he felt Sherlock’s arms clasping him even more tightly. “You took my breath away already, love, let me catch up.” Sherlock complained but allowed John to roll over onto his back. “That was amazing.”
John retrieved the phone from the pocket of his trousers and handed it over. The text Sherlock sent was short but by the time he had handed it back and John had read the message, Greg's ringtone was sounding.
Sherlock groaned back at him and the sound added another level of stimulation that sent John’s hips thrusting upward. Sherlock opened wider and slid down as far as he could go. He pulled back and dragged his tongue up along the underside. John gripped his hair tighter and said, “Don’t stop. Fuck, Sherlock…Faster, faster...”
“He didn’t!” Sherlock took a step forward with his fists clenched. John frowned at him. He began to spindle the letter, rolling and unrolling it. He tightened his lips and Sherlock retreated. “He didn’t. He didn’t realize…I didn’t know…” He paused and with more assurance, said, “It was new data. Without precedent. It was a successful experiment, with unexpected results, no one’s fault.” He pouted.
Sherlock picked up his plate and set it on the counter so he could stand. He said, “Not nearly enough,” and dug into the dumplings. Between mouthfuls of General Tso’s chicken, John showered him in well-deserved admiration.
“Before you put anything on, let me see your arse. Maybe I can put on some analgesic ointment. Numb the pain while we’re out.”
Thank you to all of you who have been sticking with me on this narrative path. Every comment is like a hot toddy of endorphins right into the vein, so please let loose!
Sherlock tensed in anticipation despite himself, breathing shallowly, and John swung. The noise itself was painful, a sharp crack. Sherlock gasped with the pain of it and jerked his head up off the pillow. Once the sting set in, he began to twist the pillowcase in his fist. The stroke itself left a line that was white for a second then sharpened to a bright red on top of the pink left from the previous days’ blows. John tightened his lips.
“Hmm.” He considered. “Well, keep me informed on the progress anyway. Although I will be unreachable for a bit of a while.”
According to the laws of evidence, I must retain a copy of all properly obtained intelligence for 20 years, but I thought you should at least have the opportunity to retain a copy to share with your solicitor should it become necessary for your defense at some point in the future.” John interrupted to rummage around in the box for a memory stick, which he held up to show Sherlock. He put it down on the table as Sherlock paled.
Sherlock shook his head as the memory of his current status returned. “Why are you being nice to me? I’m in disgrace.”
Lestrade texted, the big softy, “Beat his arse, but don’t crush his spirit. I need him clever on Monday.” John was happy to pass on the message along and give Sherlock something to look forward to. It perked him up and cheered John as well.
Sherlock was lying on the bed with his chin propped up on his folded hands. John looked at him with surprise.
John took a firmer hold on his waist, trying to keep him from jolting himself off. He knew he must be terribly sore, and ten more was going to be a struggle for him to bear. He didn’t need any more bruising to help him remember the lessons of the weekend. John let his hand spring off the firm muscles of his bum as fast as he could and the ten were over in that many seconds. He’d only just been able to hold him on his lap. The damage was clearly done, because Sherlock was limp and weeping and it sounded like a broken heart to John.
After three rounds, the bout was over and Jack took Sherlock by the cheeks—his cheeks!—and took something out of his mouth. He helped him step out of his groin protector
“Please, please, please,” Sherlock chanted mindlessly. John spread his knees and pushed them back so that his cock lined up with Sherlock’s twitching entrance. Sherlock lifted his head as far as he could, trying to see the prize he’d been begging for. John was intent with surgical focus on his goal, but shot his eyes up at Sherlock’s and growled at him one last time as he stretched him open finally, “Lie. Still.” He slid in as achingly slowly as he could, wanting to feel every centimeter of his lover, knowing that he was the only one who ever would. He was hot and slick and tight and John pushed, pushed until he came flush up against the round cheeks of Sherlock’s arse. It wasn’t deep enough and John pulled down on Sherlock’s hipbones trying to get deeper inside him.
Thoroughly pleased with himself, Sherlock blurted out, “Shirt! Those are the buttons on your shirt!” John stroked down the side of his back over his ribs. “Well done, my genius!” Sherlock wriggled in pleasure and also, to rub his cock against the rumpled sheets below him. There was a damp spot there now, but he didn’t really notice.
“Hmm.” The Captain considered, envisioning his love with his face on the carpet, bum in the air, and he almost pursued that course, but the Doctor piped in.
He kept it up just for the jealous little frown that flashed over Sherlock’s features at the mention of each name, then laughed and kissed him with a little more heat than was wise, considering that there will still hours to go before the drought ended. He reminded himself how hungry he was and set the table. John ate up the chicken salad while Sherlock picked. John nagged until he had eaten enough to satisfy him while the soup simmered on the stove. John said, “Might rain again and I’d like to get out before it does. You go get dressed, however you can while I clean up. Do you need to wear the coveralls again?”
John whispered a silent thank you to whoever might be listening and said, “Cheers. Sometime before 9,” hanging up quickly, not wanting to give him a chance to reconsider. This “Pass the Parcel” had gone on far too long. Now for the package himself. He approached with care, as one should a suspicious package. He looked like such an angel when he was sleeping, curls spread out on the white linen, arms lying gracefully, soft, sweet face. It was almost cunning.
Mrs. Hudson was waiting at the foot of the stairs, hands held up to cup his face. “Sherlock,” she said chastisingly. He dutifully bent his head and allowed her to touch her forehead to his, then lightly kiss his cheek. “You had us all frantic.”
He let go of Sherlock’s hair and moved his hand down his spine and cupped the cheek of his arse, feeling the heat and remembering the colors now caught in the photos on his phone. He purred into his ear, “Sherlock. You know what daddies tell their naughty little boys before they spank them?” Sherlock writhed, whimpering with the delicious shame of the words coming from John’s mouth. John nibbled on his throat. “Do you?”
Though he should have been thrumming with the excitement of tying up the loose ends of a case, Sherlock was unusually quiet. When they arrived at Bart’s, he looked at John, lost. He opened his mouth, then shut it again. He looked away. John pulled him by the cuff of his coat round to the rubbish skips where it was quieter. “What is it?”
Sherlock tilted his chin back and John nuzzled his face, then rubbed his cheek and nose on the skin of his throat. He breathed deep the smell of him, revelling in the slight tang of sleepy sweat. It notched up his desire and tempted him to taste and he lapped up the saltiness with the flat of his tongue. He left a trail right up the line of his pulse to the soft hollow behind his ear, between jaw and skull. It was a fail-proof trigger point, and Sherlock inhaled sharply, making a whistling sound that was John’s cue. He licked and sucked, knowing that Sherlock would squirm in embarrassment and arousal at the sloppy, wet sounds. It was a triumph, to know that he was the one wringing the reactions out from under that exterior, usually so cold and forbidding.
“Right, then. Why are you being punished?” John gave him five light smacks with his hand across the center of his bottom and heard Sherlock suck in a quick breath.
“Such a charmer, you are,” he muttered before shoving Sherlock off him. He grabbed a piece of toast. “Open.”
In order to cut off what he was sure would be a pathetic attempt by John to needle him, Sherlock immediately replied, “Oh, he did more than his fair share, I assure you. In fact I’d prefer he not help at all in the future.” He looked daggers sideways at John, who would not be deterred.
Sherlock reserved judgement. John wheedled. “If we call him, he’ll have some of your special tiramisu ready for you.” Angelo had a secret recipe for tiramisu that he only made for Christmas and Sherlock. John reminded him of it whenever he’d gotten himself into fasting mode and needed to be shocked out of it. It would work as an incentive as well.
Bouncing on his toes, Sherlock clapped his gloves together and Mickey said, “Why don’t you warm up on the bag, Featherweight?” He nodded and bounced over.
John came to with a gasp, like a swimmer whose head had burst up from the water, drew himself back and slammed into Sherlock, who grunted with the impact. “Yeah… oh yeah… oh yeah…* Again, faster.”
Sherlock continued the motion, spreading his fingers gently as they withdrew. The deeper breathing he heard let him know it was working to loosen him. He could feel John letting go. Four more strokes, five, in, out and John shivered his approval. A third finger followed and John tightened up momentarily. Sherlock paused and let the muscles of the rim relax around him. He ran his hand up the John’s leg, helping to soothe him further. When he saw him settle back softly on to the mattress, he started again and after a few moments, John ordered him, “Now. I’m ready.”
She kept on. “How are you feeling, Sherlock? I’ll just set a place for you here,” pointing to the side table. She lowered her voice conspiratorially, “You’ll be more comfortable.” Sherlock covered his eyes with his hand and abandoned the pretense. John tried to hide his own face by paying surgical-level attention to the spreading of butter.
Sherlock stared at him and nodded. John tickled over his ribs, and whispered in his ear, “Rule number two.”
Sherlock’s head was bent and he tried to meet John’s eyes, but he had no courage himself at the moment and he stared at the table instead.
And a thank you also to PsychGirl (snycock) for giving me a writing seminar I'll be learning from for a looooong time. Invaluable advice and amazing generosity from one person! How lucky am I?
He reached the floor a bit breathless so he forced himself to pause a moment. Then he flung the door open and saw Sherlock through the glass, hands steepled under his chin and feet up on Lestrade’s desk.
“NO. You will explain nothing. You will not speak. We are leaving now, before anyone else gets here. They have less self-control than I do and I am not going to put their jobs at risk by letting them get within firing range of you. You’re lucky I left my gun at home because I hardly trust myself at the moment.”
John laughed and kissed him, full on the mouth this time. He redid the thread on his right hand and when he started on the left, Sherlock’s breathing got heavier. He said, “John.”
Sherlock reached his hands around to grasp the cheeks of John’s arse and lifted his own hips against the pressure of John’s. He arched his head and neck back, exposing that long, lovely, white throat of his. Thoughts of the potential disasters awaiting fled John’s mind and he ran the point of his tongue from Sherlock’s collar bone up along his throat to his Adam’s apple and under his chin, then up along his jaw to that particular spot behind his earlobe, where he licked and slurped noisily. Sherlock broke into a shudder and moaned, lifting his shoulder and trapping John’s jaw, twisting his head in an attempt to move away or get closer, John wasn’t sure which.
Sherlock seemed incapable of initiating any movement, so John turned him round by his shoulders and gave him a shove.
John widened his eyes. “I believe it might be a corollary of all the other things you weren’t feeling before I came along.”
“And I’m NOT complaining, I’m describing. Are you sure you wouldn’t rather deprive me of sleep? The Serbians—“
Via John, Sherlock explained that it was the boyfriend’s gambling debts that had opened him up to the extortion of a Russian mob operative and the niece’s careless generosity with her credit card and something about the security panels of the casinos and John lost the thread. Sherlock expressed his gratitude to Mycroft with some insults about the incompetence of MI6, to which Mycroft responded graciously, fluent in Sherlock’s dialect of misdirection. Could it be he was indulging in sentiment regarding his brother’s current suffering? John left the idea alone, knowing the dynamics between the brothers surpassed the comprehension of mere mortals.
he know that? John wondered, then decided it was better not to.) It was something about the niece of a diplomat, a boyfriend and disappearing micro-electronic surveillance devices and it gave Sherlock a pleasant 2-hour diversion, although he passed it on his belly, on the floor with documents spread round him like a scattered deck of cards. Occasionally he would rise and pin something to the wall. He climbed gingerly onto the sofa once and lay with his fingers tented, but he couldn’t manage it. It was too uncomfortable and he paced instead.
John gave him a swat and said, “Unfortunately, I’ve become the world’s leading expert, thanks to a patient of mine who’s a chronic sufferer of the syndrome, which is marked by an exceptionally hard head and abnormally sensitive buttocks.” He kept gently massaging the cream in.
John shook his head in amused frustration at him. “Have you considered that it may serve no purpose for me, but that it might serve a purpose for you? Think about the question—what exactly is so hard about telling me this particular thing? It can’t be that you’re embarrassed about having to do it. I already know about it, I’m the one who put you to it, you agreed to it.”
In his mind’s eye he slid his hands over Sherlock’s ribs and in circles on his concave belly, rising and falling quickly, with shallow breaths now. His fingers would reach the tops of his thighs and his thumbs would find the grooves separating his hipbones from the muscles at the top of each leg. He would allow his thumbs to trace the crease slowly inwards on his body, without brushing his swollen cock. Sherlock would shift his hips to try and make contact, but John would be precise and careful, with his surgically trained hands, and Sherlock would groan in frustration. Eventually, the progress of his left hand would be impeded by the diagonal zipper of the coveralls. He would be forced to move both of his hands to Sherlock’s left leg, sliding his fingertips down the well-defined muscles of his calf. When he reached the bottom of the zipper, he would take it between two fingers and start to lay slow, wet kisses on every centimeter of skin, before the zipper sealed it away from his lips. Sherlock would moan again when the trail reached the inside of his knee. John would wonder when that particular spot had become such a particularly erogenous zone until he saw himself realizing that the top of his head and his newly cut hair was tickling up against Sherlock’s bollocks. He chuckled at himself then watched as he gently turned his face back and forth against Sherlock’s inner thigh so that his hair tickled the underside of his reddened cock. He saw Sherlock reaching down to lift John’s chin so that his lips would drag up against the velvety skin and then brush over the leaking crown.
He lifted his hand and let it rest along the warm length without moving until he felt it start to twitch and swell. He hummed again and began to squeeze gently and slide his fingers up and down until some of his other parts began to stir as well. Sherlock drew his leg up until his knee was resting on top of John’s, allowing him more access to the growing thickness.
John was impressed again and relieved. Good old Greg. That project might actually buy them a few hours of blessed silence while Sherlock integrated the new data into his mind palace. In fact, with another obligatory huff, he shrugged off his coat while walking around the desk. There was a wardrobe off to the left and, keeping an eye on the desk, he opened the door and hung up his coat. He walked back to the desk and sat down.
All day long Saturday, John was nonchalant, while Sherlock pretended to be bored. He twitched and scraped at his violin, paced, ostensibly searching the internet, all the while oblivious to his actual emotional state. John quietly savored Sherlock’s nervous anticipation and studiously avoided touching him. He knew Sherlock was subconsciously craving contact, which in spite of his denial, invariably soothed his nerves. He was enjoying keeping him on edge.
John smiled and said, “Whatever do you mean?” His attempt to sound innocent failed spectacularly. Sherlock lifted up onto his hands and knees and John saw that his massage was having exactly the consequences he was pretending not to have intended. “Oh, I see. Hmm. As your doctor, I might have to examine you a little more carefully. Determine the cause of that swelling and prescribe a course of treatment.” He started to run his hands up and down the lengths of Sherlock’s thighs, from back to front, right up to the crease of his hips. The contrast between the firm muscles of his thighs and the soft swell of his inner thighs was worth exploring in depth, but there would be time for that later. He went precisely no further.
“I’ll tell you the difference between them, right there, Sherlock. Harry couldn’t bear to see me happy. Mycroft couldn’t bear to see you sad.”
Right. He bent to his work, properly motivated. After 30 minutes or so, Sherlock said, “Just about done.” John had been working on the preparations but took his time, dawdling over the celery and onions, wanting to reward Sherlock’s diligence with the chicken’s remains and it was worthwhile. When he finally finished with a flourish he joined John and peppered him with questions about the anatomical analogies of domesticated fowl relative to Homo Sapiens and the proper Latin names for every structure he neatly isolated with the carving knife. John livened up the discussion by trying to recall who he’d been shagging during that particular section of the medical school curriculum: Diana, adorable little blonde during neurology, Janie, cardiovascular, Marilyn the entire two semesters of renal and musculoskeletal systems, etc.
“YES, John! I promise if it hurts more than it should, I will ask you to stop!” He was almost shouting now, but Sherlock had gotten what he wanted: John, just irritated enough to get over his qualms about not being gentle. He muttered under his breath as he slicked himself up. He couldn’t keep from sliding his two fingers in again for one final scissoring, widening Sherlock roughly, but then he lined his weeping cock up with Sherlock’s fluttering arsehole. Just as Sherlock inhaled to keep whinging, John forced his way in, bollocks deep and bottoming out, in one sharp thrust. Sherlock’s incoming breath shuddered to a halt as the burn of John’s penetration overwhelmed him.
John gritted his teeth. “You are my husband and lover and as such you owe me a Valentine’s Day gift. That’s the rule.”
“You’re going to have to help me a little bit love. I don’t want to scrape the cloth against any part of you. Front or back.” The sliding of the slippery cloth would not help him through the 4-day drought he was facing. Since it had been awakened, Sherlock’s libido was on a hair trigger. He lifted his hips and grabbed the front of the pants and John stretched the back. Between the two of them, they managed to maneuver them down with no contact.
Unable to steel himself against it, he meekly responded, “Yes, Captain. One more day.” He perked up a bit. “For a decision! Not the delivery!”
“Well, put it aside for now, and come and eat. You can tell me what’s tripping you up and maybe we can figure out a way around it together.”
John looked him over and said, “What would feel comfortable?” Sherlock hesitated and then walked directly to the side of John’s chair and sank down onto his knees, lowering himself to his heels, but then rising when the sting changed his mind. He cleared his throat and began to read.
“I don’t want to wake up. Don’t stop.” John squeezed the nubs gently and Sherlock covered his head with the pillow, wriggling just the tiniest bit under John’s fingers. John took that as an invitation and started kissing from the tip of his chin, down his breastbone and all the way through his wiry pubic hair. When he reached the Promised Land, he closed his lips, nuzzling up and down the length of him as slowly as he could. Sherlock reached his impossibly long arms down to John’s shoulders, began to feel his way around like a blind man. He moved his hands up and down John’s neck and then around to his cheeks, arching his back a little when John’s tongue poked out and began leaving a trail of saliva everywhere he went.
Sherlock took pity and on his next pass over the ring of muscles on the rim, he applied some pressure, watching how they stretched and took in his finger. John huffed sharply and Sherlock pulled out, afraid he might still somehow be going too quickly. John turned around to look at him, and said, “Go on already, you’re not going to break anything.” Sherlock smiled at him. John wanted this. With more confidence now, he pushed in, up to his first knuckle, moving in and out. John breathed, “More. More. More,” with every stroke.
Sherlock said, “Graham, then Mycroft. If I don’t start them while I’m still able to sit down, I’m afraid they will contain no sincerity whatsoever.”
Sherlock feigned great reluctance. “If you insist. At least it we can pretend there’s a purpose to your insistence on unnecessary promenading.”
After completing a tiny squirm at the praise, Sherlock said, “He won’t be able to say a word. No condescension or gloating, no opportunity for sentiment. Complete, compulsory silence.”
John said, “I’ll do that.” and he walked quickly, bumping into the corner of the bed on his way, until he reached him. He took hold of Sherlock’s face and leaned in until their erections nudged up against each other. He tilted his chin up and the denial of the last 4 days surged into an open-mouthed inhalation of a kiss, as if he could make up for the deprivation by sucking the oxygen from Sherlock’s body. His put-on haughtiness dissolved into a rush of grabbing and groaning and sucking, just as desperate to consume John.
They made their way back to the bedroom and Sherlock took off his dressing gown. He handed it to John, who hung it back up. He paced nervously, bare-arsed while John deliberated, leaning against the back of the door. When he finally he reached a decision, he stuck out his chin and said, “Right, then. I see the point on the following through bit. You’re all correct. Even if you didn’t mean to, your brain would never stop trying to figure out a way to save your arse. If you thought you could wheedle me out of something, you would, you couldn’t help it. So we proceed with the spanking.” Sherlock had stilled and agreed with a fatalistic nod.
“We could walk over to Angelo’s and pick up a lasagna we could heat up for supper. Save Mrs. Hudson’s chicken for tomorrow.”
Mycroft took pity and said to him, “I will summarize. You can expound on the details later in private if you choose.” Sherlock turned to look out the window again and Mycroft spoke to John. “The Detective Chief Inspector discovered the efficacy of physical discipline in the context of a mutually respectful and…” he wrinkled his nose slightly, “affectionate relationship. And he added the incentive of access to crime scenes. He served as something of a benevolent authority figure, shall we say, and sought to leverage Sherlock’s need for approval,” Sherlock’s jerked around, but Mycroft continued “against his self-destructive behavior. A formal protocol of physical discipline was effective, to everyone’s surprise, but the emotional costs were significant and once again, all parties consented to a lessening of the previously agreed upon, penalties, let’s call them ”
Jack and Mickey laughed. “Sherlock’s told us a bit about your skill. I don’t doubt it,” Mickey said. John was mollified some, but resolved to keep an eye on the “old-timer”.
He made Sherlock take the pills and brought another flannel to replace the one that had drawn the heat off. After that, the gel. He had been hoping the stripes wouldn’t bruise, but professionally, he wasn’t optimistic. He rubbed Sherlock’s back until he judged the aloe would be more beneficial. He squeezed directly from the tube along the paths that the cane had left. Spreading it as delicately as he could with only the tips of his fingers, Sherlock still drew a whistling breath into his lungs. “I know, I know. We’re all finished. You can relax now. Try to sleep.” He continued the soothing motions until all of the welts were covered.
Thank you to TiaOconnell for being here from beginning to end. I wouldn't have gotten here without you.
Four more, alternating on each side to ten. The red lines of the caning were standing out less sharply against the pink rising from the paddling and spanking. Sherlock was clenching the cheeks of his arse and his legs were trembling.
“Before you decide to go without pants, how thick is the weave? I suggest you hold them up against the window to check their transparency.”
Sherlock opened his eyes and John marveled at the openness and vulnerability of his expression. John picked up his legs and hung them over his shoulders. He looked down at the spot where he and Sherlock were joined together and said, “Hold on tight, love.”
"Oh, that one. Obviously a marketing scheme, a campaign to delude the rabble into spending money they would be far better off investing. Instead they’re drawn into a futile attempt to prove their worth as a sexual—“
Sherlock raised himself up on one elbow and glared disapprovingly. “You did all the work,” he said grouchily.
But genius must be indulged. “Hmm. Could be serious. You’d better go lay yourself down on the bed. I’ll get the liniment just in case. I might as well take care of that cheek as well.” He picked up his medical kit in addition to some extra lube from the medicine chest. He seemed to remember the tube in the night table was running low.
John checked in with him again. “You alright? I can stop right here. Or we can try your legs as well. Or try them later or not at all. Whatever you want.”
“Sorry, sorry, please, in the river, I was halfway in the river!” His shoulders were now curled tightly and shaking.
“If that were true he wouldn’t repeat such an obvious pattern, would he? He knows I know where he keeps them.”
Sherlock began whingeing as soon as the cab pulled away. “Can’t we do this somewhere else, John? Mycroft is hardly going to improve the situation.”
John cleared his throat. He put down his tea and picked up the letter, folding it and unfolding it casually. He looked blandly at Sherlock, who took a sharp breath. He muttered, “Sorry. Go on.” John looked back at Mycroft and put the letter down.
Sherlock opened his mouth unconsciously, like a baby bird, then scowled when he realized what he was doing. He ate it anyway.
“You’re mistaken, my brilliant boy. I am listening to you, just closely enough to keep you prattling on.” He put the mobile down, wondering if he knew how to password protect the photos.
Sherlock pulled and stretched, up and sideways to understand the length of the thread. It was long enough for his upper arm to wind up perpendicular to the edge of the mattress, but not long enough for him to be able touch any other part of his body. He looked at John and said, “I see.”
Settling, Sherlock conceded, “I did not like disappointing him. Especially when he told me I was being ordinary. That it was beneath me to act like the savages we had to associate with at school. I never would have made it through school without him, taking over the roles of the adults. I hated him for it but he would not give up. He bought me chemicals, equipment, things no one else would when I did well, and yes, he punished me when I didn’t. He kept them from expelling me, reminded them they’d be sorry if they lost such a promising intellect. Ha! As if… He offered to handle the…disciplinary problems as they occurred. They were certainly happy to wash their hands of me.”
Sherlock had been itchy in his skin over the last fortnight, without a single case over a four, and let John know he would be keeping his appointment that night. He was torn, as usual, between wanting to protect the world’s only consulting detective and getting him the hell out of the house for a little peace. He was driving him mad.
Sherlock’s hands began flitting and sliding. He began in Gavin-Graham-Glen’s wing (elegantly lettered notice on the left), with files full of cycles of overdoses and withdrawals, evenings spent being held over toilets and nights of sweats and trembling. He looked at the album of Lestrade’s facial expressions: hope, disappointment, fear, punishment and finally delight. Lestrade wouldn’t call him for cases. Lestrade wouldn’t be looking at him in that goofy, pleased way when he showed up, clean, with John by his side. Wouldn’t be any of those ridiculous, proud parental grins when he was brilliant. He wouldn’t be sticking up for him when Donovan and Anderson pretend whispered smugly, “We tried to warn you.” He turned off the light, sad and –what was that sensation? He held his hands up to his cheeks, which felt unusually warm. He’d have to research the assorted physical responses attached to shame, guilt and embarrassment when he had time.
Finally showing the dawning realization that he was in fairly serious trouble, Sherlock quailed, then recovered himself to launch into a rapid-fire explanation. “Y-y-you have to understand, John, it had been quiet all day and then those barbaric, hulking proto-humans started clattering and thumping and crashing into the room with radios crackling and shrieking static and I couldn’t think anymore and the wardrobe was within three strides and it was almost time for you to come and I didn’t think I would get lost in the dark in there and then I fell asleep and…”
That assurance brought on a brief spurt of harsher crying and John said, “I know you’re not keen on repetition, but I’m going to say it again anyway: I’m right here and I’m not going anywhere. You’re never going to get rid of me.” Sherlock grabbed him around the neck and John struggled for breath for a second. “Here, watch out, you’re gonna strangle me, you great gangly thing. Let me breathe.” Sherlock huffed out a teary laugh, and worked on getting himself together. Eventually he quieted down and John said, “Can we move to the bed for cuddling now, for your old, broken-down soldier? Give my shoulder a break.”
“You were absolutely brilliant. The river;  Greg would never  have figured it out.” He preened and John coddled. By the time he was full and satisfied with Sherlock’s intake, John was practically nodding at the table.
John ignored him and ran for the stairs, giving himself a pep talk on the way. ‘He’s here. That means he couldn’t have left the building because there wasn’t enough time. He’s still clean. He answered the texts and it’s not clear whether he lied yet. Keep calm. Don’t lose your temper. You need to be able to engage in a rational, problem-solving dialogue. He’s more likely to talk if he feels safe.’ He realized he was channeling Ella.
John called his name softly. He waited for a moment but Sherlock wouldn’t raise his head. John’s tone grew stern. “Sherlock…” No response. He hardened his voice, “Look at me." John pulled his chin up but Sherlock slid his eyes sideways. Frustrated, John said, “This is your last warning.”
John took a deep breath. “Don’t move. Don’t cross your legs, don’t even twitch your fingers. I will be there in,” he covered the mouthpiece and looked up at the cabbie in the mirror, “New Scotland Yard?” He whispered ‘13’. John spoke to Sherlock again. “13 minutes.” The cabbie pulled another stunt move and they headed back towards NSY.
“JOHN!” he shouted. “You know what I need. Stop teasing!” John rummaged in Sherlock’s rucked up pockets till he found the lube he’d known Sherlock would have been sure to stash. He flipped the top of the tube and Sherlock gave a small gasp. That was a sound to which they were both far more attuned. “Use your words, Sherlock. Tell me what you need,” he growled. Even after years, Sherlock struggled to ask for what he wanted, but John would never let him off the hook. “Look at me.” Sherlock lifted his head, eyes closed in the grips of some misguided shyness or embarrassment and John puffed a cool breath on Sherlock’s bollocks then took one of them entirely into his mouth. Sherlock’s eyes flew open. John smiled. “There you are. Now.” More seriously, “What. Do. You. Want?”
Sherlock glared at him, but answered, “Obviously not stupid in that sense, John, but ignorant, like a child who doesn’t understand the grown-ups’ conversation. Or like listening to a foreign language that you don’t quite speak. As though I’m missing important things and everyone else knows what’s going on but I don’t!”
After rousing himself twice, John forced himself to think of the uncomfortable itch of drying semen and extricated himself from Sherlock’s grasp. He grumbled, then grumbled some more when John wiped him clean, top to bottom with a warm flannel afterwards. John pushed him over to make room for himself under the duvet and rolled onto his side so that Sherlock could wrap himself around him. He had fallen asleep for the third time when Sherlock shook him harder than anything could have warranted under the circumstances.
“I think my arse will keep me warm all by itself. You’re going to stay, right?” he asked in his little voice. “To keep me warm, I mean,” he added hurriedly.
When they got home, John puttered in the kitchen, cutting up the chicken and making some tea. Sherlock was lying face down on the sofa. John brought the meal to him and put it on a folding tray. “Kneel up and lean on the back of the sofa. It won’t be the same as sitting, but at least you won’t be standing.” The arrangement worked well enough, but Sherlock ate only enough to satisfy John’s quota. He said, “Fancy a nap? You slept late, but I’m knackered,” but Sherlock shook his head. “Time for Mrs. Hudson’s letter. He went to the desk, retrieved the note pad and pen and returned to the sofa to write, lying on his belly. John waited for a while to make sure he was settled, then said, “I’ll go for a lie down then, if you’ll be alright.”
When the cab pulled up, Sherlock threw a handful of bills at the driver while John fumbled with the keys. When he got the door open, John left it only slightly ajar and waited behind it. As soon as Sherlock burst through, yelling his name, John shoved him, slamming it shut with a bang. He flattened himself up against him and grabbed the luscious arse in question, stroking and squeezing with both hands full.
Sherlock took another few seconds to think and said, “Not that isn’t off limits right now. I can’t play violin. I’ve written all the letters,” he said despairingly. John waited him out, and was rewarded. With a look of disgust, he walked himself the rest of the way to the corner and clasped his hands behind his back.
“Oh, tell the truth, Sherlock. I’m not here to admonish you. I’m quite impressed with your insight…and cooperation at the moment, actually,” he said wonderingly, “Now, be serious.” He tapped his umbrella sternly and Sherlock started. “Out of the twenty-one times there have been attempts at your rehabilitation, how many were conducted with wholehearted, fully invested, genuine efforts on your part to leave the drugs behind permanently?”
Sherlock could only nod furiously now, he was truly crying, trying to wipe his face with his forearms. Five taps just for effect.
“Favorite.” The blue light in his eyes seemed to be draining away, leaving them a somewhat steelier grey.
, saying, “About a year now. They keep calling me a ring rat”—Sherlock barked out a laugh—“but it’s not true. They’re just teasing. They’re a great bunch of mates.”
He held his breath, trying to remember if he’d seen Sherlock get dressed this morning. He hadn’t. Had he put pants on? But then John couldn’t decide if he wanted pants to be there or not so he let go of expectations and just enjoyed the view.
Sherlock pulled off and ogled up at him. “Doctor’s orders. Not allowed yet.” He took his hand off John and stroked himself with a few slow pulls. Not to leave John neglected, he dropped his head as far as it would go and let John fill his mouth and throat. He gasped and looked down to try to get a glimpse, but Sherlock’s head was in the way.
“I apologize. It’s a lovely breakfast.” He snogged him and Sherlock relented. He held the kiss, licking into John’s mouth, and nipping his lower lip. “Ow. Do we have time for a little something?”
“Sherlock again, is it dear? No apology necessary. I had a naughty one myself. Run along, I’ll see you next month.”
John woke up alone to the sound of a violin. Sherlock was reacquainting himself with his muse after their forced separation. He was a vision in his blue dressing gown, standing in the morning sunlight streaming through the window. John sighed, painfully aware of how gorgeous Sherlock was and how he’d have to eat if he were going to have the strength to act on that awareness. He passed him by, with enormous self-control and set the kettle to boil.
She gave them a very cheeky smile and looked back and forth between them. “Oh never mind,” she said knowingly, “I see.”
“No! Please. Please no. Just… Will you stay here? With me, while I try? Or maybe we can ‘work it through’ later on the walk?” using his fingers as quotation marks.
thought John. Practically irresistible. He marveled again, that no matter the setting, the man was shockingly beautiful. John licked his lips and glanced nervously towards the door again. He moved to stand between it and Sherlock, as if to screen him from anyone who might enter. Sherlock took his time, stretching out and groaning, as if his muscles were aching, at one point, bending over completely with his hands on his lower back. “Raul is really going to have to loosen this up for me,” he said, smiling to himself.
Up and down, he gave himself a single stroke, but having John in his mouth made him harder than ever, and he was afraid he would come before he even started. He let go with a shiver. John watched him, propping himself up on his elbows. His tongue poked out of the side of his mouth and slid over his lower lip. On the premise that there is no such thing as too much lube, Sherlock opened the tube and squirted some more onto his fingers. He moved closer and let one skim up and over John’s entrance, still widened from his earlier attentions.
Sherlock closed his eyes and whimpered. He reached to put his arms around him, but John pulled away. Sherlock looked up and down the street quickly, grabbed the edges of his coat and pulled them open.
As John knelt down, he would kiss a path down his front from the hollow of his throat, over his sternum, the wispy hair above his navel and down the top of his cock, which would no longer be considered flaccid. Sherlock would grip his shoulders, having tilted backwards at the attention John was paying his growing erection. Sherlock’s breathing would be faster now, his eyes wide and fixated on John’s. He would hold the right leg of the trousers out for Sherlock to step into and then the left. He would stand up slowly, letting the rough fabric drag over the sensitized skin of thighs, hips and groin, Sherlock twitching and gripping John’s shoulders for dear life. He would let the upper half of the garment catch on the sore swell of his buttocks and Sherlock would gasp, thrusting his hips forward and colliding with John’s.
Sherlock pulled back achingly slowly, watching himself slide out, then in, shaking his head in mild disbelief. “Yes, but… how did this happen? I’m a ridiculous man… I don’t understand how… The point is … I never expected to be with anybody… certainly not with…”
John kissed his way up to the hollow at the base of his skull. When he grabbed a ringlet between his lips and tugged, Sherlock shuddered. “Make sure it goes according to plan.”
He prepared the flannel. “Now, this is going to hurt at first, but I promise it will help.” He judged the temperature of Sherlock’s skin with the back of his hand and wrung out the cloth, placing it as gently as he could across the cheeks of his bum.
Sherlock perked up, he did so enjoy a corpse, human or otherwise. “Maybe I’ll set aside some of the cartilage for a series of acid bath experiments. I’ve been meaning to test the long-term efficacy of citric acid from a grapefruit —”
The grasp brought them physically closer than John had ever seen them. After an endless 15 seconds, they broke apart at some invisible agreement. Sherlock fled from the room as quickly as he could without flat out running. John started to follow him, but Mycroft stepped in front of him and stuck out his hand. John tilted his head and took it, the closest physically that they had ever been. After a significantly shorter 3 seconds, Mycroft released him and sat back in his chair.
John looked up to see if Sherlock’s head was out in the open yet. No, not quite. Let’s see what we can do about that, he thought. He brought his mouth down and slid the foreskin back gently with his lips. He swirled the tip of his tongue around and around the head, tasting the precome that was beginning to leak from the slit. A moan from the mound under the pillow indicated that the plan was working. Sherlock’s hands found their way to John’s hair and he grabbed on tight.
The little voice returned. “I don’t like scaring everyone. Having everyone angry at me. You being disappointed in me.” His voice broke and he turned his head into John’s neck, grabbing his jumper. John clutched him closer.
John had never pushed Sherlock to discuss his Serbian ordeals, but Mycroft had shown him the reports and he’d seen the scars. He nodded in sympathy and understanding. “I know that you’ve been tortured, Sherlock and I would never try to minimize your suffering. I wish I had been there.” He clenched his fists again and Sherlock reached for his hand. He unlocked his fingers and kissed his palm.
John shouted again. “Obviously I do, Sherlock! You can’t be trusted—” He cut himself off. They were not going to have this conversation under these circumstances. “Go to Lestrade’s desk and pick up the phone when it rings. Do it. Now.”
John stood up and Sherlock unfurled himself and said, “Six of the best then?” He walked to the end of the bed and bent over the footboard with his elbows on the mattress.
When he reached bottom, John sighed the deep satisfaction of a man who’d reached the end of a long journey. “Yeah… oh yeah… oh yeah…”* He stood and looked down, enjoying the view of himself, buried balls deep in Sherlock, his white arse gleaming beside the shining black leather and rich grey wool of the Belstaff. His rim was stretched, pink and drawn thin by John’s girth. He gripped Sherlock’s hips and held still, just tightening the muscles of his hips, thighs and pelvis, savoring the thrum of blood in his veins and the grasping of Sherlock around him.
John tapped once again, a little more firmly and Sherlock blurted out, “Ok! Stupid, you’re right. Sorry. No more.”
Sherlock reached up and wiped the tears from John’s cheeks with his fingertips and asked, “Not sad? Not disappointed?” John shook his head and said, “Sentimental crying. Not sad, not disappointed, I promise.” He kissed his forehead. Sherlock studied his face carefully and seeing the truth of the words there, he inhaled deeply in relief and dropped his head back into John’s lap. John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair and rubbed his back until his breathing had slowed down and his muscles relaxed somewhat. “Shhh. It’s all good. In fact, let’s call the weekend officially over, ok? Punishment is finished. We’ve both had way more catharsis than necessary, yeah?”
