Mycroft Holmes looks from one to the other, sighs, and waves a hand as if to virtually clear the space in front of him.
John doesn’t move but continues his journey of discovery by looking around. His amazement at how artistic the space seems becomes sidelined by a new realisation: that it is also, in essence, quite like their own sitting room.
Holmes begins listing on his fingers. “Fewer crimes, fewer unresolved crimes, fewer interesting crimes, and when he finally does come across a mystery stimulating enough, where is deduction? Where is the exercise of the brain? Most of the work is completed by machines, I gather from your words. No, no; I see the moral advantages of such a world, but I am a selfish fellow and would not wish to be part of it myself.”
“What was that?” John asks. “What are you not telling me?” He turns to Holmes. “Do you know anything about this that I don’t?”
Mycroft sighs. “Sherlock, close your mouth, dear boy. Doctor Watson, the communication I received was impossible to retain for proof. Not that I thought I’d ever be in the company of someone with whom I could share it. Nor that my word would be doubted, for that matter.”
“Holmes,” he hears himself say, then turns around quickly in time to see the door begin to close. It moves, snipping away ribbon after ribbon from the tableau in its frame: two gentlemen in a dimly-lit Victorian room, shoulders brushing as they stand next to each other looking John and Sherlock’s way.
Universes! The answer arrives to John and he is amazed at its simplicity. He’s even read about it, theories...
John presses the heels of his palms to his eyes. “Something like that, yes.” It’s too early to jump into elaborate descriptions of twenty-first century social etiquette. “Let’s just do this,” he offers. “You call me John and I’ll call you Holmes, if that’s all right.” John doesn’t say that he can’t bring himself to call anyone else Sherlock. It feels too early to be speaking at all.
“Why not?” This elderly brother looks puzzled where the one John knows would look sarcastically, pointedly resigned.
“Yes, yes, I’m an idiot.” John is too anxious to mind his language or any reactions it may provoke. His heart is beating faster and faster, thudding in his chest like oppressive clouds that are just gathering but won’t break into rain. He licks his lips. “Please. Tell me what—I haven’t left the house. That’s what’s important, right?”
“Less than a month after the first incident,” he begins once more, “I had already turned the matter over in my head a thousand times. I had exerted myself so far as to travel to Greenwich. Greenwich, Sherlock! That should tell you how perplexed and uneasy I was. All my enquiries and research showed the idea of a parallel world to our own to be utterly preposterous. I could have dispensed with some of the looks I received when I discussed my little theory, as diplomatically as I could, with some of the most prominent scientists of the land. Yet I was unyielding—to my mind, the hypothesis was not to be dismissed lightly. Why shouldn’t there be another world like ours? And why only one?”
“My name is Sherlock Holmes,” he says. “You are, indeed, Doctor John Watson. This is 221B Baker Street and the year is 1895.”
Holmes acknowledges John’s gratitude with an unpretentious little bow of the head and opens the door, where he turns again. “Watson’s clothes should fit you.” The tone is perfectly even. “He is taller and of a heavier build, but I am sure something can be fashioned.”
Mycroft moves his interested gaze from his brother’s face and looks at John. “Because my source was very reliable,” he replies.
Yet John’s is also a stream of intuitive perception; a vibe he can pick up just as animals pick up the scents of their home from miles and miles away.
The laughter that follows is entirely unexpected and almost silent; the sounds that do come out are deep and rumbling, and so like Sherlock’s—John’s Sherlock—that for a moment the floor seems to spin.
“Good. That’s…good. Because lately, ever since… You know, we’ve been…” Sherlock looks at his finger, which is doodling on the blanket over John’s thigh. “God, it’s really frustrating, because it is completely illogical, but it’s good. What you said, I mean.”
Sherlock looks over his shoulder and sees yes, that’s just what Johns done and his dick his huge, thick and long, no wonder his friend walks the way he does. “This is just a one off, don’t expect this all the time,” John growls and Sherlock nods and turns his head back, leaning forward on his crossed arms and letting John take care of getting him ready. He relaxes as much as he can but tenses and whimpers when John hits his prostate, stars exploding behind his eyes and his dick twitching. “John, please,” he begs. “I can’t last much longer, I wanna cum with your dick inside me, please fuck me!”
Sherlock looks up at him and there’s something in his eyes that makes John want to step back but he doesn’t, he just stands there and looks down at him. “You’re walking different,” Sherlock finally says and sits up. John stifles a moan because Sherlock’s gorgeous mouth is only inches away from his crotch and he knows he can see how hard he is through his jeans. “And besides John, you’re not really upset that I’m high are you. No I can tell you're excited.” Then he leans forward and just brushes his lips across the denim. John shivers and moans, reaching out and grabing Sherlocks hair, loving the way the curls feel even if they’re a bit greasy and unwashed right now. “You want something John, something you don’t think I’ll give you if I’m not high, if I’m not being Shezza and you’re right, I wont. But right now I’m not Sherlock Holmes the consulting detective. I’m Shezza the coke head and speaking of head I really want to suck your dick, John.” Then he opens John’s jeans and pops his hard dick free of his underwear and starts sucking eagerly.
“You're not my only Omega” Sherlock warns him when the kiss ends. John is panting and right now he couldn’t care less if Sherlock was shagging everyone in NSY. “If you can’t deal with that then you may as well go right back to Mary after we’ve fucked.”
He’s back from Afghanistan and he’s working at a small clinic when it happens. His boss, Sarah, warned him that sometimes junkies break in looking for drugs, either to use or sell. Her advice, if he is on shift when it happens, is to just let them take whatever they want and call the police after. “Don’t be a hero, John, you’re not at war anymore.”
Like it’s a signal they’ve worked out Sherlock starts moving, thrusting his hips up and down while Molly bounces on his dick and stares at John. She taps Sherlock on the knees with the riding crop just once, then drops it on the floor and Sherlock grabs her tits. “Tell John how it feels,” Molly orders, leaning forward a bit more and starting to moan a bit.
“Fuck,” John says slamming a fist against the wall. Only Mary is supposed to know his secret since she’s his wife and even though they’re currently on the outs due to her shooting Sherlock he knows she’d never tell. Or would she? She was the one who packed his meds, including his suppressants, when he moved back to Baker Street a month ago. Would she have tampered with them to get back at him for leaving her when she was pregnant?
Sherlock starts crying; he feels so ashamed and so angry but this is John and he trusts John, so he tells the truth. "I was 8 and Mycroft was 15. He used to do drugs John, that's why he gets so pissed off when I do them because he knows how bad it can be." John doesn't like Sherlock's big brother and nothing hes saying now makes him like him any better. He braces himself because he thinks it'll be even worse. And it is because Sherlock tells him, "I was 8 and he was high and I had a nightmare. Mum and dad were away, they didn't know about the drugs or they wouldn't of left me with him. But they did and when I had the nightmare I got into his bed. He was naked and he told me I could stay but I had to take my clothes off too because they were too rough. I guess his skin was super sensitive because of whatever he took, but he was my brother and I trusted him so I did what he said. I was sucking my thumb and he said it might make me feel better if I had something bigger to suck and he pushed my head between his legs."
When he recovers a bit he starts moving as well, snapping his ass back against Sherlock’s dick, forcing him in deeper and whining with pleasure at each thrust. Soon his dick starts getting hard again and Sherlock lets go with one hand to grab it and squeeze, pumping the length of it in time with the movements of his hips. “God John you feel so good," he groans, leaning over to kiss John’s neck, nipping and licking in a way that sends sparks of pleasure up and down his spine. “So fucking hot like my own personal heater. I think we should thank Mary if she’s the one who actually did this. Unless it was you, hmm?" He asks. “Was it her or did you do it because you knew how much I wanted you, John? How much I wanted to knot you, God I can’t wait until I can punch it inside your hot little ass.”
He pulls back for a second and just concentrates on the glistening red head of John's dick, sucking it like a lolly and lapping up the precum. "You taste delicious John," he growls. "Do you know how good you taste, have you ever tasted your own cum?"
When they get to Baker Street they stumble out of the cab. They can’t keep their hands off each other and are kissing desperately. Even though John just came and his legs are a bit wobbly he wants more and he can feel how hard Sherlock still is. They get inside the door but that’s as far as they make it before John is desperately pulling at Sherlock’s clothes. His expensive Belstaff lands on the floor next to his shoes and trousers and that tight dress shirt is the next to go. John pops off a few buttons in his hurry but he doesn’t fucking care and neither does Sherlock. Sherlock laughs in fact and pulls at John’s clothes until they’re both naked and Sherlock is leaning against the door while John drops to his knees and tugs at his black silk boxer shorts, pulling them down around his ankles and eagerly sucking at Sherlock’s leaking knob. “Fucking Christ” Sherlock swears and John smirks up at him. “No just me” he says, then puts his mouth back to work, sucking hard and hallowing his cheeks the way he’s seen ex girlfriends do when they’re going down on him. He knows its good when he hears Sherlock moans get louder and feels his hands on his hair pulling him closer. He gags a little but Sherlock tastes so good he knows he can take it.
“So do I," Sherlock growls and raises Molly up and off his dick while John jumps to his feet. Sherlock lifts Molly into his arms and says “Bedroom” and John follows happily not forgetting to grab the lube from Sherlock’s dresser once they're in the other room. He tosses it to Sherlock who has Molly laying across his lap with her head on her arms and her ass perkily up in the air. He lubes up two fingers and slips them inside. “Come here John,” Molly orders, gesturing for him to stand in front of her. “Let me taste you while Sherlock gets me ready.”
He dumps the rest of the drug down the sink and makes a secret promise never to try anything like it again, even if it was the best fuck he’s ever had. He even deletes the formula from his mind palace so he won’t be tempted to use it sometime. Because he’s an addict and he knows he could get addicted to John Watson too easily.
When John leans down to lick it up off his belly Sherlock thinks he might actually pass out from bliss, and when he takes Sherlock's spent dick in his mouth he knows he will if they don't get to his bedroom. After they lie down on the bed John goes back to suckling at his dick even though he just came and says he plans to just stay there till Sherlock is ready to go again. "I wanna feel you get hard in my mouth," he whispers and Sherlock knows it won't be long til that happens.
He rocks harder and harder until he’s moving like a piston, fucking John as hard as he says he can take it. “You’re gonna fucking need that cane of yours when I’m done with you,” he snarls and John has tears streaming from his eyes but his legs are locked around Sherlock’s waist and he’s thrusting up to meat his downwards strokes. “Harder” he begs and grabs Sherlock’s shoulders. They kiss, another sloppy desperate kiss and Sherlock reaches between them to glide his hand over John’s dick, slippery with precum and lube. John moans and reaches up to grab the headboard which is banging against the wall like a screen door in a hurricaine and Sherlock feels himself starting to let go. “Gonna cum John but I want you to cum for me first,” he gasps.
It was a night that shouldn’t have happened, John tells him roughly the one time he tries to bring the subject up, But Sherlock can tell that sometimes he wishes it could happen again.
John can’t stop thinking about what Sherlock said, how he said “I prefer my doctor’s clean shaven.” Did he really mean it, did he mean it for more than just the mustache? He wonders if Mary will realize why he’s doing this manscaping thing or if she’ll think its for her. Which it should be since she’s his wife but God he wants Sherlock, wants him so bad, and he’s tired of lying about it to everyone. He still loves Mary but he wants Sherlock; he’s as obsessed with him as Jim Moriarty ever was and he knows he won’t be able to think about anything else til he has what he wants.
"Better?" he asks when they are lying curled in each other's arms again. Sherlock is softly stroking his dick and John is tryng not to moan, trying to concentrate on making sure the other man really is OK now.
They collapse to the floor together, Sherlock turning them on their sides while he continues to lick and nibble and suck at John’s neck. His hands are playing with john’s nipples which are hard and hot. He flicks them with his fingernails and John gives a sudden shout as he unexpectedly shoots another load of cum from his dick. “Fuck!” he shouts. That’s never happened before and he loves it. God it feels so good. “Mmm,” Sherlock purrs in his ear as he strokes his hands down John’s abs to fondle his still twitching dick. He pulses a bit inside John and more cum spills into him and he moans as his dick suddenly starts to get hard again.
John curses at him but shuts up when Sherlock drops to his knees and snogs him breathless, licking up his own cum and making sure John can taste it when he kisses him, pushing his tongue deep into the other mans’ hot mouth. “Such a filthy little whore letting me cum all over your face,” he says lowly. John moans and Sherlock reaches down to check. Yup, John is hard as a fucking rock again, no wonder the lady’s love him. He probably eats pussy like a pro but that’s not on tonights menu. “Upstairs,” Sherlock orders him and John grabs up their clothes and stumbles after him when Sherlock bounds up the steps two at a time.
John raises his knees. “Fuck me now, please Sherlock” he begs. Instead of leaning over him Sherlock lies back and raises his arms. “Come sit on me John,” he says. "I want to watch your face and be able to hold your dick. I want your cum on my hands and my cum inside you. I want to taste you after I cum inside you, lick my cum out of you and wait for you to get hard again so you can fuck me the way I know you want to.”
"Yes" he growls as soon as they're naked. He looks at Sherlock and says the words that caused him pain in the past. "You need something bigger to suck, Sherlock." Only now its healing he's after. Sherlock smiles a brilliant smile and lets John shove his head down between his legs. As soon as his lips close around the head of John's dick he closes his eyes and starts to groan with pleasure. Fuck, the man is brilliant just like John always knew he would be, good at anything he decides to do and even if this is the first time John's had his dick sucked by another man hes just glad it's Sherlock. "Oh baby, yeah, just like that" he groans and Sherlock sucks harder, working John's dick into his throat and digging his fingers into his ass.
“I would have preferred that he came here but that is highly unlikely. My brother abhors leaving the small quadrant of London within which he lives, works, and goes to his club. I should know within an hour at what time it’ll be convenient for him to see us.”
“But that means,” John interrupts, realization dawning rapidly. “I mean, if the computer seals the portal...Oh,” he backtracks, finding both sets of Holmesian eyes fixed on him. “A computer is a sort of machine that can perform incredibly complicated actions a million times faster than humans. So,” he returns to his starting point, impatient, “if it’s something to do with a computer, the creation of this portal, and if it’s sealed so it can’t be opened again, it means that having it open in the first place is…” John isn’t sure where he is going with this but luckily, he’s in the perfect company if he wants his thoughts finished.
“Now,” Mycroft says, bristling with sudden efficiency. “I shan’t torture you both much longer. I spoke of the events being taken out of our hands. Not more than an hour had passed since my arrival, when a most singular phenomenon took place. In front of our very eyes the fireplace went abruptly dark. I mean completely, Sherlock—fire and smoke disappeared in a second and there was only a black...hole, I suppose, left in their place. Impenetrable black like nothing I had ever encountered before, with no shape or form. Barely a moment later the door flew open and there Doctor Watson was, standing under it and looking utterly confused. His eyes fell on us and to say that euphoria came over his features would be an understatement.
A few seconds of quiet follow after their mirth peters out. Holmes looks intensely focused, as if replaying their conversation in his head. Their eyes meet. Holmes uses the fire-tongs to take a coal and light his cigarette. He slowly blows out some smoke that curls in front of his face.
John really doesn’t have anything to say to that. For one thing, it’s the bleeding truth. For another, you cannot lie to Sherlock Holmes. Last but not least, John has noted Sherlock’s ‘physique’, you know, as you do, but he hasn’t
Mycroft’s risen from his chair as well and is already looking at the door. Through the ringing in his ears John hears him order, “Go to the door, Doctor Watson, go! You must be ready and wait for them to open it, then be quick.”
“I shall have to smoke. I apologize, since this seems to inconvenience you, but it will be impossible for me not to—at least not for a long period of time.”
“Professor? What professor?” A bulb lights up in John’s head. “Moriarty? He was a nasty, unscrupulous criminal in a…” John waves a hand, searching for a suitably insulting finale. “In a fancy suit.” It’s not what he hoped for.
“But look at this!” he exclaims. “You have infected me with your softening. It simply won’t do! We need to focus and keep our minds free of anything illogical. Brother Mycroft is likely to arrive in protest at being driven out of his comfortable nest. I am rather shocked by his decision to leave his premises at all—he has been here just once so far. But I did say the matter was urgent. For us to present ourselves in a state of emotional upheaval would be extremely trying for him and I can assure you, as a result, for us as well. While much like your Sherlock my brother isn’t deliberately unkind, he can be surprisingly—Ah, but here he is!”
“There’s not much to tell. And I’m not particularly looking forward to hearing your comments about it, especially if it turns out to be true. In addition to proving that I
He turns his face to the window and John watches his profile grow pallid. Holmes remains quiet for some time, then sighs, looks at John, and lifts an eyebrow. “I sincerely hope that your faith in my counterpart’s ability is not akin to Watson’s tendency to embellish my own achievements and to see me…” Holmes stares at John, then bows his head, dark fringe rustling down to obscure his face. “…with the kindness of his heart.”
Mycroft looks between John and his brother with hooded eyes. “Because, as I understand it, this is an unusual, fragile place. Something occurred here that was not supposed to happen. An occurrence with a lasting effect that turned this place into a spot where the very fabric of the world is permanently weakened.”
Holmes, meanwhile, is shaking his head at John reproachfully. “How typical! Naturally, you would manage to hear only the unnecessary detour I made to express my concern about Watson.” The tone gets even more brisk. “I thank you for your reassurance—inasmuch as knowing Watson is residing with the man you’ve described can be reassuring. Yet I can hardly hold telling the truth against you. I have every faith in Watson bearing his situation stoically.”
sarcastic. “Which, by the way, I must say I wasn’t at all surprised to—John,” Sherlock gasps and reaches for him.
“You have it, too, dear boy, at least some of it. You only need to apply yourself to the matter at hand. Is it possible that your fine logician’s brain has been hindered by your interactions with the gentleman here? Or is it your concern about Doctor Watson?”
“Sadly, no. I was rather counting on your providing us with an explanation. You come from the more advanced era after all. But judging by your startled reaction these events are a novel experience for you as well.”
Holmes purses his lips tightly, giving John the easy impression of trying to stick them together with invisible glue. Pause, the longest yet, stretches between them. A gust of fresh wind finally stirs outside making the candles’ flames tremble in discordance.
Holmes stays quiet after John puts the virtual full stop on his last sentence. All the while he did ask John questions, pertinent ones that showed he was following him better than most people who actually live in the twenty-first century would. It wasn’t hard to spot the directions Holmes’s mind was going—that formidable brain was sieving through all the data and arranging it according to its relativity and usefulness to crime solving.
He'd extinguished the candle just in case and laid his head on the pillow, closing his eyes. His first thought was that it must be gone past three. His second thought, also last, was that he would probably not be able to unwind and go to sleep for a while.
Only this was supposed to be the house of people his age. The little bowl and the jug, the coarse flannel he found in the cupboard, the antique furniture… That was the thing—they were not antique. They were contemporary utilitarian objects, part of people’s everyday lives. So were the modest gentleman’s ‘costumes’ in the wardrobe.
“Sherlock,” he calls, then jumps at how loud his voice rings. The cloud of smoke has instantly invaded his lungs and John coughs, automatically waves a hand in front of his face to chase it away. “Sherlock!” he calls again when he hears a small noise from the kitchen.
“I believe you are kindly trying to avoid the repetition of the term ‘bloody gorgeous’ to spare me unpleasant feelings?"
The previous evening all his plans to explore the bedroom where he was to spend the night came to nothing. He had hardly entered the dark, small space when he felt as if lead was pouring into his eyelids and feet. Holmes brought up a spare blanket and directed John to search for clean sheets in an old chest. It was barely outlined in the corner—the sole sources of light were two candles, one in the hand of each man. Then, with a whisper of goodnight, there was just the one flickering flame. John turned around in the middle of the room, shadows dancing on the wall and the odd creak following his movements. Everything felt too surreal to contemplate; added to John’s exhaustion it sent him out of his clothes and under the blankets in a matter of seconds, sheets forgotten.
A pause. “Well,” Holmes says at last, shrugging. “If he was under duress, he is excused. I can imagine that the constant preaching in one’s own home, where a fellow is entitled to resort to the use of some recreational seven percent solution —”
Holmes quickly comes closer, too. The door’s speed feels sort of respectful, but its advancement is inexorable. John steps to the side to earn precious seconds, but still finds himself numb. He senses a motion behind his back and knows Sherlock has moved to stand behind him. John sees his own counterpart mirror Sherlock’s action, but John’s eyes are on Holmes’s pale face. Two flushed spots have appeared over his cheekbones.
Throughout their short exchange, Holmes appears very relaxed, but John has the feeling he’s also struggling with some pertinent questions. Such as whether John
“The savage had jumped to his feet at the sound of the door opening. He shot for it and gave a cry of utmost excitement, then bolted through, almost knocking sideways Doctor Watson. You too, Sherlock, were at the door in the blink of an eye for your reunion with the doctor. I detest any energetic movement and my physique forbids me to walk briskly, let alone jump, but I managed to get to the door just in time to observe the most uncommon sight.
Will he ever see Sherlock again? John’s heart contracts as his mind vehemently recoils from considering the alternatives.
A monster of a headache is making itself comfortable in John’s skull that no amount of brandy consumed at any point of the time continuum could stop.
John looks at its panels from this side for a few seconds, then scratches his head and lets his body relax. He rotates on his spot to face Sherlock.
The right corner of the stranger’s mouth twitches upward. “Most interesting. Just a moment ago you seemed aware of my name. I believe it should be my privilege to enquire about the name of a visitor in my home, but I shall oblige you.” He bows his head formally. “My name is Sherlock Holmes.”
Holmes sits with his legs crossed, his pose leisurely, leaving John with the impression that if a belly dancer materialized on the table in full gear, the man would still react without a hair out of place.
The insight takes a quarter of a second, but it’s enough for Holmes to throw him a glance of mild reproach. John doesn’t care. He can bloody well roll on the floor and throw a tantrum if he wants. He can’t see anyone in his shoes doing much better.
Meanwhile, Mycroft’s large face is turning meditative. “You seemed peculiarly protective of the strange fellow,” he tells his enraptured sibling. “In turn, evidently he trusted you as well, for during your attempts to solve the mystery he had been docile and even helpful; not quite the savage that he was.”
And then, “Just so you’re clear, there’s nothing left of Da’s business.  I had to rebuild from scratch after the Revolution.  Everything I’ve got...”
“It sounds irresistible,” replied Ivan in a dry tone, but when Sherlock glanced at him in question, he smiled and shook his head.  “Sherlock, I followed you to Muircheartaigh’s castle and then I followed you back here
began appearing around the flat. John began keeping a lookout for any unusual parcels, especially those that might hum or buzz.
“Shit, he’s going to have to go through withdrawal again when this is over, isn’t he?” Lestrade said mournfully. “It wasn’t any fun the first two times.”
Dexter was instantly contrite. “Right, that’s what Sherlock said. Except... When I thought about it later on, I thought Sherlock might have been trying to set me at ease about being there.”
“Spasibo,” muttered Ivan as he knelt to nurse the fledgling fire into full growth.  When he looked up again, Sherlock was still there, crouching awkwardly with his clawed feet splayed on the ground and the tips of his wings and tail dragging in the dirt.  Ivan studied his profile in the firelight.  Sherlock had said he’d been to the castle before.  Why?  What had drawn him here?  Ivan suspected that a direct attack would get him nowhere.
. “Has anyone ever thought of what might have happened if intelligence had developed among the amarsupials?”
John was a good ways down the block when something prompted him to look back. A large luxury vehicle had drawn up in front of 221B. Four men exited. Three wore dark suits. The fourth, a tall, fair-haired man, wore a light grey suit and an air of disdainful indifference.
When John didn’t answer immediately, Sherlock stalked past him into the living room and picked up his violin. There were no pleasant melodies this evening.  After making a few attempts to be heard over the squawking, squealing discord, John retreated upstairs to his own room, where he first failed to concentrate on a book and then, for a long time, failed to sleep.
“No, you didn’t.  You asked about my deductions and then said they were amazing.  I kept trying to remind you, I quoted your exact words back at you and you kept on
“Oh!” said Manya a third time.  She bit her lip and looked grave.  Really, she was rather charming.  “Well, I, ah, I – I’ve got all this washing to do!  I can talk to you after that, but I’ve got to get the washing done first.  And it would go faster if you, ah – would you mind carrying water for me?  Because I’m going to need lots, and if I could just focus on the washing bit and you were doing the carrying bit, it would all go, ah...”
“Oh!” Sherlock leapt up from the sofa.  “John, you have the potential to become genuinely useful.  We need to go interview the next-of-kin.”
The deepest grave they could dig for him was a shallow, pitiful thing, but they piled rocks on top to keep the forest beasts away.  There was little to be said.  No one knew his name except, presumably, his widow.  She crouched by the grave with her arms wrapped around her shins and her face tucked against her knees, rocking ceaselessly.
Sticking with his cover story seemed rather hopeless by this point, but Ivan decided to give it a go anyway.  “I’m looking to marry and settle down.”
Sherlock eyed him curiously, almost started to smile – and then focussed on something over John’s head, apparently across the room. “What’s
From where he stood, Ivan had a clearer view of the dancing slaves.  They wore flowing, brightly coloured robes.  Their long hair – and the men’s long beards, for three of them were men – sparkled with jewels in the sunlight.  Yet they moved wearily, gracelessly, often stumbling.
Who was currently insisting, “Leaving aside your societally-endorsed obsession with colour change, however, it is still possible for you to meet potential partners who are dangerous, clever and physically attractive.”
“The lair to which Victor and I had tracked Muircheartaigh was cold and empty when I returned.  I set out to find the sorcerer again while at the same time gathering any information that might be useful in defeating him.  There wasn’t much.  I followed rumours, hints, wisps of data, bare traces of trails.  I did this... a long time.”
“Wait a moment, you told me something like that before.  The night before we invaded the castle – you told me that’s how Muircheartaigh got his slaves.”
The driver unwrapped the package and removed two fat sausage rolls, then passed the package to John, who found it contained two more.  They were hot and greasy and amazingly good.  And cheap, too.  Only five dollars for...  It was only then that John realized his five-dollar bill had paid for the driver’s sausages as well as his own.
think you need to relax. And I think I can help you do that, mmmm?” She kissed his neck again and began to stroke his chest. He hadn’t bothered with a vest or pyjama shirt. Her hands brushed his nipples as if by accident. They both knew that wasn’t so.
“Never much for housekeeping, that one. Well, you’ll see to that now that you’re back. No, don’t look at me like that, John Watson. Sound carries in these old houses. Here, now.” She plunked a plate of a toast and a cup of tea down in front of him. “Would you like an egg, dear?”
my alfriend for a couple of years, but that was ages ago. Now we’re just good friends who occasionally cry on each others’ shoulders.”
John briefly weighed the option of going upstairs and returning in his pyjamas – or less – against the chances that Sherlock would drag him out the door anyway. The fact was, the quiet evening of crap telly he’d had in mind was seeming less appealing by the minute.  Whatever Sherlock had in mind might or might not be what John considered “fun.”  Hell, it might or might not be
Mycroft had looked down his nose.  “None of us have a clear understanding of Eurus’ motivations, least of all
John frowned slightly. “I’ve never seen Mycroft wear a parka, much less wear one often enough to wear it
Sherlock blinked and grinned. “Couldn’t you tell?”  And then more thoughtfully, “Victor seemed rather bored, the few times he attempted fellatio.”
Predictably, Sherlock rose to the bait. “Don’t be ridiculous, John. This isn’t one of your silly science fiction shows! For one thing, brain sizes among amarsupial species are severely limited by the fact that the infant’s skull has to fit through the mother’s birth canal after a longer gestational period.”
.  That’s my point, really.  In the end, it doesn’t matter whether Mary was my soulmate or whether she was simply the first unbonded person I chanced to meet whose subconscious shopping list of traits matched with mine.  She’ll always be the only one I turned gold for, simply because the colour change doesn’t reverse.  And I’ll never cause anyone else to turn gold.  I’ve lost my – what did you call it? – my potential for change.”
She sat. She offered evidence, a pen drive holding what she claimed was “everything” about her past life. And then she asked John not to read it in front of her. Christ. He stuffed the thing in his trouser pocket to get it out of sight.
Sherlock gave him a look. “Do we really need so much colour? No, don’t bother answering. I’d nicked a standard key card for the building the previous day. Do you know what happens if you press a key card against your mobile phone for long enough?”
John blinked. He’d completely forgotten the bloody thing. Mary was holding both hands to her mouth, but Sherlock only added, “Or whatever the media of choice is eighteen years from now. I’ll transfer the data as necessary.”
Billy squirmed in Lestrade’s grip.  “I never heard of this Wilson bloke!  Ow!  You’re holding too tight!”
“Gospozha Pekarnskaya?”  Ivan stepped forward into the circle of light, that she might see him.  “My name is Ivan Watovich Stolitsky.  Manya Bocharova sent me.  I have a sack of rye flour for you, and would ask your advice.”
“Not at all. Just – I heard that the kilt was invented so that a Scotsman could get in and do the deed before the lady changed her mind.”
“Down a sewer grate, as you heard.  It would take more competency than New Scotland Yard has ever yet displayed to think of checking the sewer drains in the vicinity of the crime scene.”
one...” Dexter indicated a different phone. “...is a little pricier but not by much. It’ll last longer and you’ll do more with it.”
“It’s nothing I haven’t heard before,” Sherlock commented as he sat on the sofa and sipped his tea back at 221B.
“Nope. It’s not the kind of thing you should learn until you’re at least old enough to learn it the same place I did.”
But John had never asked, not even the most innocuous question. He was a doctor, but he hadn’t given Sherlock even the slightest opening to talk if he wanted to.
“Or women with gold bands and ex-husbands,” Greg continued. “You get to know what to look for, what to say to let her know you’re in the same boat.”
But Sherlock dropped to one knee and planted his palm flat against the floor.  The motion stilled, although not completely.  “The tower was held together as much by Muircheartaigh’s magic as by mortar.  I can will the flames themselves to bind it for a while longer, long enough for you to get clear.”
The holiday period ended, of course, on John’s day off. Specifically, on the day off that he had earned by covering extra shifts for other doctors.  He’d been looking forward to a long lie-in followed by a leisurely breakfast.  What he got was Sherlock in his bedroom at 8:34 AM, mobile in one hand, stripping over John’s blankets with the other even as he proclaimed that he wasn’t taking the case.
“Ivan Watovich, what is it?” asked Sara, keeping her voice down so as not to alarm the others.  “You look as if...”
“Oh, yes, you get right upstairs and tuck the cold things away in the refrigerator. I see that you’re getting Sherlock to eat better as well!”
By the time they broke for air, Sherlock was more or less sitting in John’s lap. He nuzzled John’s neck – and then the nuzzling turned into something that felt more like a yawn against John’s skin.
She apparently recognized him as well, or at least her eyes widened slightly when she saw him. Then Lestrade stepped forward and she turned her attention to the DI.  A gangly teenage boy, presumably her son, trailed sullenly in her wake, trying not to trip over his feet.  He’d apparently undergone a recent growth spurt, for his wrists dangled from the sleeves of his black windcheater.
“As long as I don’t have to hear any more about vampire placentas,” she shot back. “Custard or lemon tarts?”
“What, you’re going to roll in black mud and try to pass yourself off as a muddy, six-foot tall crow?”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “That could work. A blood test would quickly establish that you’re the father, but you could tell them you’d picked an omega up in a club one night and never got her real name.”
“I like the idea of... matching exclusively.” Damn, why had he brought this up now?  Hadn’t he just been telling Sherlock they had plenty of time?  “Sharing something no one else does.  But I don’t mean right away, of course, there’s no need to get ahead of ourselves.  We might discuss it?”
and on human cadavers since then, but not in living subjects.  The reaction has a high activation energy.  The catalyst that makes it possible in biological systems only works in one direction.”
“For comfort.  To feel less lonely.  We should set watches and take turns sleeping, so that one of us is always on guard.”
For me, thought John. You’re doing this for me. Without thinking, he reached out across the table and touched Sherlock’s hand, then didn’t know what to say when his partner turned to look at him. “Well. Er.” God, Watson, say
Harry looked good, although tired. She’d had her hair touched up recently, a sort of pinkish colour that John thought was meant to be strawberry blonde.  It might have seemed less incongruous if she’d been smiling.
“Neither was Victor. The attack wasn’t his idea – the dog was young and not yet properly trained.  Avoiding the hospital was
, because for five years Sherlock had not been a factor.  And yet here John was, drawn back into Sherlock’s orbit
After twelve days on the road, they crested one final hill and looked down to see the port lying spread before them.  The wind suddenly carried a trace of salt.  Ivan saw Bezmolva raise her head and take a deep breath, a light coming into her eyes that had not been there before.
Hours later, after the information Sherlock had gathered in the club had led them to tall-and-ginger – after tall-and-ginger had turned out not to be a thief but also to be extremely protective of his identical twin brother – after Sherlock and John had reached said brother before he could act on tall-and-ginger’s warning to flee – after their target had pulled a gun while tall-and-ginger came up behind them with a knife...
“Anderson. He was here, with a friend, apparently on Mycroft’s orders. Doesn’t he have some sort of obsession with Sherlock?”
It sounded almost like an accusation, but John knew his Sherlock well.  He took a deep breath.  “Sherlock, until the day you tell me to go away and stay away, I will always come back to you.  And what I said that night… I know this doesn’t excuse it, but I was really, really drunk.”
John struggled to find the words he wanted, but Sherlock was looking away now, studying the passers-by. The sun went behind a cloud and a cold gust of wind blew a stray broadsheet against the side of John’s head. By the time he’d fought free of it, Sherlock was several strides down the pavement, looking for a cab. John ran after him, not wanting to lose him in the crowd.
“So Banks sent Wentworth to London to meet with Curran and Ives and do... what? Act as bait to draw Campbell-Williams in?
Ivan shrugged.  “I suspected it.  But I was also helping people who’d offered to help me.  It seemed fair enough.”
Ivan, who’d been expecting something more along the line of vague but murderous threats, almost dropped the looking glass.  Where the hell was this London place?
“Let’s try, Sherlock. If you want me to stop, say so and I’ll stop, right away, whatever I’m doing. But let’s try.”
“Breaking into a sorcerer’s castle tomorrow.  Get some sleep.  But first, fire or no fire?  I’m counting to ten and I don’t have an answer by then, I’m building one.”  Odin, dva, tri...  When he reached desyat’ without further comment from Sherlock, Ivan levered himself to his feet and staggered around until he found a stout fallen branch.  With apologies to the blade, he used his sword to hack off a length suitable for a walking stick.  Then he set out to gather more fallen wood.
“Don’t feel sorry for me,” Tyuleneva snapped.  “I’m a fighter, and I went down fighting.  You’re so keen to hear stories, you should ask Andreyev his.  No one thinks much of him, but he’s not a fighter.  He never should have come here at all, but he’s survived.  He was bespelled longer than I was, but he outlasted some who came after me.  They didn’t survive, he did.”
“Aha,” said Sherlock in tones of deep satisfaction.  He took the torch from John and began to examine the workbench.  To John’s eye, its array of precision tools was as diverse and well-organized as instruments in an operating room.
“To Baker Street. When I did return, I thought I might surprise you. Jump out of a cake or something.”
“No one’s at all. That was just sheer bloody luck. Ahhh, John, there, yes... Are you trying to start a second round?”
After the concert they set out on foot, intending to walk for a bit and then call a cab. Instead they ended up walking the entire three miles. Sherlock lectured happily while John prompted him with questions any time he appeared to be running down.
At a quarter of five in the morning the fourth day after Sherlock’s departure for Lancashire, John shook himself awake from a fitful doze that was about to take a left turn into a nightmare. He was contemplating the question of whether or not it was worthwhile trying to get any more sleep that night when a dark shape by the bedroom door moved slightly.  Staring at the shape caused it to resolve into Sherlock, sitting cross-legged on the floor.
“I don’t know.  I am – or I was.  It’s been...  I don’t remember how long it’s been.”  Andreyev sighed and looked into the flames.  “She was beautiful, my wife.  Too beautiful, perhaps, for I was a clerk in a lord’s household and she caught the lord’s eye.  Still, we had no trouble until the murder.”
“Hello,” replied a cultured male voice.  “The Prospect of Whitby, 57 Wapping Wall, half past eight.”
“In the past, you’ve been able to deal with other’s misperceptions simply by displaying your wrist. Now this is no longer an option.”
John stripped to his T-shirt and boxers, folding his jeans and jumper neatly before placing them on the dresser.  Then he turned out the light and climbed in on the other side of the bed.
He heard her freeze on the door step. She’d know someone was here. And she’d know how to move almost soundlessly.
“An extremely skilled assassin.” Sherlock sounded almost – approving? “A clever woman who loved her husband more than she trusted him. And who risked her life and freedom to bring this child to John and me, to give it a chance to live. We’ll tell it the truth.”
John started coughing at his tea went down the wrong way.  When he could breathe again, he asked, “I’ll keep that in mind if I ever start posting.  Did you find anything last night?”
“The geniuses are at it again,” said Mr Holmes with a wink at John. He settled in with one of John’s novels and at some point in the afternoon, fell asleep over it.
“Oh, no, don’t you bother yourself.  Milk?  Sugar?  Now, Sherlock, aren’t you the lucky one.  Your husband’s a fine-looking man!  And John, you’re lucky to have Sherlock, too.  I’ll never forget how much help he was when my husband was sentenced to be executed.”
John was on his feet reaching for his cane before she was done with her sentence.  “Actually, I have.  Mrs Hudson, thanks for the meal!  Sherlock, I’ll just be a minute getting my...”
“I don’t want children.” Sherlock’s voice was quiet in the darkness. “But I – I find I want to carry your child. And it will have Mary’s genes, too. It can’t be all that unintelligent.”
The Tube journey out to the suburbs seemed interminable. John still had his house key and let himself in once he arrived. He quickly located his largest duffle bag in the back of a closet and began filling with it the clothes he’d be mostly likely to need over the next... Well, how long, really? The weather was getting chillier. Winter would be here eventually. Best to be safe.
Tyler swallowed. “Because I was supposed to go there on Ms Desimone’s off days, like the weekends.  So I knew when Mum heard the phone messages, she’d ask me if I’d gone and if everything looked okay, and then she’d go look herself.  I wanted it to look... right.”
“Sherlock, wait!” John yelled, going after him. He arrived at the head of the stairs just in time to see the outer door slam shut behind Sherlock. John ran down the stairs and outside but saw only a taxi vanishing down Baker Street. There were, of course, no other cabs in sight.
“I was getting there! Yes, our child is going to be huge. I’m going to waddle when I walk. Or maybe I won’t even be able to walk.”
“As you may have noticed, the piece requires a partner. Ravel originally wrote it to be played by violin and
The elderly man staggered out onto the pavement, spotted the cab and made for it with surprising speed, calling, “Taxi! Taxi!” even as he bore down on it.
“Oh, well then. No gettin’ no fags pas’ you, I guess!” Smoky’s laughter became somewhat alarming. John was regretting not bringing his stethoscope by the time Smoky gathered enough breath to speak again and began to name names.
Mary the psychopath. Mary the liar. But John might have spent the rest of his life with her, might have courted a beta and raised a family with her, without ever knowing that. Sherlock, quick enough to lie on his own behalf, had believed John deserved to know the truth about Mary and had cared enough to... Cared enough that he’d...
“Never mind, I shouldn’t have asked. Does it seem odd to you that someone with an unusual hair colour wouldn’t bother to dye it or shave it or something before embarking on a series of burglaries?
Harry sighed. “’Cause I wouldn’t have listened.  You were right.  We were everything each other wanted and we were awful for each other.  We were awful
“Yes. The second one was a bit more worrisome.  Angela had left it on Friday.  Usually when she comes in, she prepares meals for Uncle Don.  Sandwiches, things he can heat up in the microwave, that sort of thing.  When she came in on Friday, none of the food she’d left on Wednesday had been eaten.  And everything in the flat was precisely as she’d left it after cleaning, even in the bedroom and bathroom.  As far as she could tell, no one had been there at all since Wednesday.  She’d thought of phoning the police herself, but of course, she’s not family, and she knew I was coming back on Sunday.  Inspector, she had no way of knowing what had happened.”
“They do. Was he high? No, don’t look at me like that. It’s just, there was some stuff in the papers.”
and no one came, not even with all the noise.  No one ever came.”  Tyler was crying by now.  Lestrade handed him some tissues.
death - he knew this was important.  But he needed to focus on his balance, on the golden balance he held in the middle of the circle of flame.  On one side of the balance lay a coal-black feather, on the other side a beating heart.  The balance hung perfectly, absolutely level.  How could he decide?  And whose heart was being weighed?
“Oh, I’m so sorry!  Mike?  Were you looking for me?  I’m just going to get Sherlock a coffee.  I asked him if he’d like to have coffee and he misunderstood, my fault, I should have been more clear, I
John, who’d been more or less expecting the question, drew in a breath.  Let it out.  “If Gloria had lived, you mean?”
“There was a... complication. I’ll be there as soon as I can find a cab. Listen, don’t let Sherlock leave until I get there.”
“Why would I? Your fantasies usually turn out quite well for us both.” Sherlock’s voice acquired a touch of slyness. “The superiour quality of nutrients available in the child’s post-natal environment will undoubtedly make up for any genetic shortcoming... John!”
After a moment, the door opened. The woman who stood there had dyed black hair which didn’t suit her. She was haggard and pale, with dark circles under her eyes. Her cheap coat was too large and hung off her. She smiled tremulously.
“Victor was always greedy. As I’d half-expected, he didn’t wait for me.  He’d gone ahead and tried out his birthday present.  He was... still alive when I got there.  I called 999.  They were too late.”
Sherlock smelled like sun-warmed loam with a spicy overlay. He smelled like a walk through woods and fields on a sunny autumn day.
“Look at him,” muttered Donovan, loud enough that she obviously meant John to hear. “Black band on his wrist, but he’s got no idea what that other bloke’s feeling.  You know, most of the Yard thinks he turned his own band black as some kind of experiment.  That he w
“Then you’re not getting in!” retorted a squint-eyed guard.  “Tell us what your message is, and we’ll deliver it for you!”
of it is on a computer. Magnussen was smart – computers can be hacked. Every piece of information he had is on hard copy in vaults underneath that house.”
how he’d gone to bed. He found Sherlock in the kitchen, attempting to make the kettle boil faster by glaring at it. It seemed a bit odd, as Sherlock usually immersed himself in an experiment or research until John showed up to make tea. More recently, Mary would often make Sherlock’s...
“Wrong. Or no, not wrong. But merely a footnote to his real importance.” Sherlock raised the head of his bed so that he was almost sitting. “Magnussen used his power and wealth to gain information. The more he acquired, the greater his wealth and power. He knew the critical pressure point on every person of note or influence in the whole of the Western world and probably beyond. He was the Napoleon of blackmail, and he created an unassailable architecture of forbidden knowledge.”
But when Andreyev turned red and lowered his eyes, they all realized that Sherlock’s words, however cruel, had been true.  None knew what to say until Tyuleneva broke the awkward silence.  “It’s a trick he uses, to make his suitors feel ashamed that they might bend more easily to his supposedly greater genius.  He told me that I had been driven to learn to fight because my father killed my mother in a drunken rage.  As if everyone in my village didn’t already know that!”
.” Just the thought made him dizzy with arousal. He couldn’t resist grinding against Sherlock’s arse.
John thought of the past 14 years.  “Of course, yes,” he replied quietly.  “Enough for a lifetime.  Far too much.”
Ivan awoke from blurred dreams of fire and flight to pale and misty morning light that made it all too clear that Sherlock had ignored his instructions about trading watches.  The contents of the sack also suggested that Sherlock had not eaten, although Ivan supposed that the sack could have replenished itself.  When Sherlock deigned to swoop down from his perch and join Ivan on the ground, Ivan thrust a pastry at him.
When Sherlock’s eyes slid over to the rear view mirror, John realized that their driver was watching them and listening carefully.
His point was inarguable. There’d been damn few betas and almost no married betas. Those who established successful careers were generally betas like Mycroft. They used the stereotypically calm beta temperament – supposedly so wonderfully suited towards raising children – to rise above the more tumultuous alphas and omegas around them. “Career betas” were both admired for their dispassionate logic and reviled for their cold-heartedness.
“But I would prefer for various reasons that my concern go unmentioned.  We have what you might call a... difficult relationship.”
“No, of course not. Ms Desimone’s reaction is quite understandable.  What did you do after listening to the messages?”
“Oh, no, you won’t. You’ll have to stay in bed all the time. You’ll always be here, waiting for me.”
He knocks on the door and waits for the muffled sound of whoever it is – he flips open the file and reads the name Sigerson – to tell him to open the door which he does, still not looking up. “Right, Mr. Sigerson,” he says shutting the door behind him. “What seems to be the problem?” Then he finally looks up and leaves his mouth open gaping at the sight of the gorgeous young junkie he’d met a week ago. He’s sitting on the examination table, swinging his legs and wearing nothing but a paper robe with the opening in the front. With every swing of his legs John can see his dick, hard and reddish-purple and he swallows hard before darting his eyes at the door.
They stay like that for three days; Sherlock tells the police when they text him that he’s unavailable to provide testimony at the moment and even though they don’t like it they can’t exactly force him to come in. Not when he growls at the captain that his Omega is in heat and tells them they can all fuck off.
In a split second John knows what's about to happen, and even if he would’ve said he wasn’t gay if anyone asked him this morning, he doesn’t care about labels right now, not when it’s obvious Sherlock’s gonna kiss him. And he does, he moves his head forward and puts his hot lips on John’s and John groans and grabs him, pulling him down on top of him. They're writhing together in the back of a fucking cab like a pair of drunk hormonal teenagers. The cabby yells at them but Sherlock pulls a wad of pound notes out of his pocket and shoves them through the little slot in the glass blocking them off, and the driver shuts up real fucking fast. John thinks he sees a couple 50s and maybe even a 100 but then Sherlock goes back to kissing him and he doesn’t fucking care any more. His tongue is hot and slick and John suddenly imagines its not Sherlock’s tongue in his mouth but his dick and he moans and slides his hands down under Sherlock’s coat and grabs his tight little ass with both hands.
Sherlock moans when John reaches up and clutches his ass. He never expected this tonight but fuck it. The adrenaline and the fact that he's wanted John since first meeting him means that he’s going to do whatever the fuck he wants tonight. For once his brain can take a fucking hike; his body is in charge and his body definitely likes the way John Watson’s mouth feels on his dick. His body also likes the way John Watson’s dick tastes and feels in his own mouth and he smirks at the memory of sucking the other man off in the back of a cab. So fucking filthy. Mycroft would be horrified but Sherlock doesn’t fucking care if his pants are ruined. All he cares about is getting off and he’s about to do that but he doesn’t want John to swallow his cum, no he wants something else and as soon as he feels his balls tightening he pulls his dick out of John’s mouth and spurts cum all over his face.
“Just like this John? On the couch with your ankles on my shoulders? Or bent over my chair while I fuck you from behind?” Sherlock says and John lets out another obscene moan at his filthy words. “I want to cum inside you John, I want you to feel me and let me suck on your balls, you shaved just for me John I know you did.” Then he slips his fingers out and does something and suddenly John is lying on his back and Sherlock’s head is above his crotch. He starts licking and sucking on John’s dick, praising him for being so smooth and clean, just how Sherlock likes it. “Molly shaves for me too,” he says, looking up and giving John a wicked grin. “Maybe I’ll call her and have her come over. She can slap you if you’d like John. She could give Irene Adler a run for her money. That bitch thinks she knows how to domme but trust me, Molly Hooper is fucking hot as shit with a riding crop in her hands!”
John starts to move a bit, thrusting his hips up in time to Sherlock's bobbing head, watching his dick disappear and reappear and feeling his balls clenching in anticipation. He won't last long but he's determined to return the favor just as soon as he cums. "Soon" he gasps and Sherlock moves faster, sucking even harder as John digs his fingers into his messy, sweaty curls unti he bucks his hips up sharply feeling his cum shooting into that hot wet mouth. Sherlock makes a whining needy noise and John sees stars explode behind his eyes as he finishes shooting his load.
Then John flips him on his back and whispers "My turn" and Sherlock is moaning and gasping while John puts his mouth on his dick. He's never done this before so he's a little clumsy at first but he knows what he likes and he makes sure to do that to Sherlock. He sucks the red head of his dick into his mouth a few times, then strokes his balls, not surprise to find that Sherlock is into manscaping and is completely hairless down there. He then licks his shaft and feels Sherlock squirming, then takes his balls into his mouth one at a time, suckling them like they were sweets. And they are to him. He wonders what it would be like to give Sherlock a rim job but decides to save that for next time, maybe when they're taking a shower together. He knows that's when Sarah likes to have her ass licked. He feels a little guilty thinking about his soon-tp-be-exgirlfriend but just hopes it doesn't cost him his job. Then he forgets about her completely and concentrates on the person he really wants, moving his mouth up and taking Sherlock's dick back into his mouth. He can't swallow him down as deep as Sherlock did but he does his best and uses his hands on the bottom half, stroking in time to the movements of his mouth while Sherlock pants and groans and calls out his name. "I'm cumming," he shouts, lifting his hips and John pulls his mouth away. He's not ready to swallow, not yet, but knows that will come with practice. But he feels Sherlock's hot cum cover his lips and chin and doesn't wipe it away when he leans down to kiss the other man. Sherlock doesn't seem to care and John feels himself getting hard again. God sex with Sherlock is going to be nothing but fantastic he thinks as Sherlock licks his own cum off of John's face.
"Much," Sherlock says and kisses him slow and hot. "You're not too big John, you're just right. Just right for me." Then he grins and says "Oh and when you punch the shit out of Mycroft make sure to get in a few good hits for me, alright?"
He groans but nods, reluctantly moving his hands to the arms of the chair but watching eagerly as Molly slides her hand up Sherlock’s dick. Grasping it firmly she settles herself onto it. John watches every inch that disappears into her cunt. Shes leaning forward so her tits are jiggling and her hands are braced on Sherlock’s knees. “Hold me,” she orders and Sherlock moves his hands to her waist but doesn’t move otherwise, not even to shove himself deeper inside her. He’s biting his lip and staring at John who stares back at him and grabs the arms of the chair even tighter as Molly teases Sherlock by sliding up and down his dick but not completely letting him fill her. Then she looks at John and smiles a dark smile full of sin and promises and finally fully seats herself on Sherlock.
A few minutes later he's bending Sherlock over the back of his chair, his hands braced on his hips and his lubed dick sliding into Sherlock’s tight little ass. “God you're so hot, so tight, I fucking love it,” John moans, pushing a little deeper inside.
“You get to watch while Sherlock fucks me,” she says using the riding crop to push Sherlock’s head away from her pussy. Shes breathing hard and her cheeks are red but she still makes him stop even though john can tell she hasn’t cum yet. “Get up Sherlock,” she snarls. He jumps to his feet and gives her an eager smile with his hands clasped together just over his bobbing dick. “John go sit in your chair, Sherlock you sit in yours. Make sure you're facing each other but not close enough to touch.” When Sherlock turns to obey she smacks him on the ass with the riding crop hard enough to leave a red mark and John’s dick twitches at the sight and at the way Sherlock’s dick twitches when she does it. She smacks him again when he doesn’t move fast enough for her, and John makes sure to get right to his chair. He doesn’t fancy being hit, although he’s excited to watch her work Sherlock over. The twat deserves it for doing drugs and for just generally being Sherlock even if he’s being Shezza right now.
Sherlock nods and trembles, reaching out to pull John closer, clutching him like he's 8 again. "I tried to tell him no," he whispers. "I told him it was too big but he just pushed it inside my mouth and fucked my mouth until he came. Then he passed out and I got sick in the hallway on the way to my bed. He had to clean it up the next day and at first he didn't believe me and called me a liar. But then he checked out his bed and found my hairs and realized I was telling the truth. He never said he was sorry but he never did drugs again after that. I pushed that all down in my memory but I guess I didn't delete it, I didn't know how to delete things until I was a lot older.
Sherlock is making these low needy grunts and John nearly cums but Sherlock grabs the base of his dick and says “Not yet John, you don’t get to cum until I do” and John whimpers but he moves faster, leaning forward so he can plant a sloppy kiss on the other man’s lips. Their tongues duel again and John’s breathing is hard and his heart is racing. Suddenly he feels Sherlock tense and shove up into him even harder, and then he feels his hot cum deep inside him. “Don’t stop moving,” Sherlock groans and John keeps pumping his ass up and down on Sherlock’s dick. Its still hard and finally Sherlock grabs John’s dick and gives it some hard pumps and then John cums with a shout, shooting his wad over the other man’s hand.
“Afghanistan,” John gasps out and the kid laughs. But instead of threatening him or demanding that he open the locker he was trying to pick, the kid moves his head closer and breathes in deep, an obscene sniff at John’s neck and inexplicable John feels himself getting hard which is weird because he usually only fancies women. But the kid is pretty. Not in a girly way even though his lips are plush and set in a perfect cupid’s bow. And his eyes have a catlike slant with colors that shift from green to blue and for some reason it’s doing it for John. Maybe it’s because the kid got the drop on him and John’s always liked it rough and maybe it’s just that the kid is rubbing what feels like a serious erection against john”s ass, but John is getting harder and harder and he knows where this is going.
“I like it” Sherlock obeys, reaching down with one hand to stroke his dick, John slaps it away and tells him to put it back where it was. No, orders him to do it, and Sherlock hurries to obey, shivering with lust and need as he does so. “You only cum from me fucking you, no touching yourself, got that?” John barks and Sherlock nods. There are tears leaking from the corners of his eyes but he doesn’t care how much it hurts because of how good it feels at the same time.
And now John is sucking his dick, making obscene slurping noises and fondling Sherlock’s balls so he gasps and opens his eyes and grabs tighter to his short ash blonde hair. John grabs his ass with his other hand and squeezes. Sherlock’s eyes snap shut again because he wants John to do more than just suck him off. “John fuck me,” he begs and tugs at his head.
“Grab my dick, slick it up and let me cum in your hand,” Shezza growls and John grabs the tube. He almost drops it when Shezza clenches around his dick and nips the young man in the shoulder as punishment. Shezza laughs and does it again and John bites harder but manages to open the lube and slick up his gloved hand. He reaches down and squeezes Shezzas dick and hears him suck in his breath before he starts really moving, reaching around and grabbing John’s ass. “Gonna let me fuck you sometime Doc” he asks and John can’t help it, he cums right then but his hand is still sliding over Shezza’s dick, moving up and down urgently until he feels him go taught underneath him and clench his ass around John’s dick hard enough to milk another orgasm out of him, a dry one this time. Then he feels Shezza’s cum on his hand, spurting out and coating his fingers through the latex of the glove.
Then he moves forward and grabs John, giving him a heated kiss, tongue practically down his throat, and John doesn’t care since his own tongue is also doing the tonsil dance. Their hands are all over each other and their scents are filling the small room they’ve been hiding out in for the past few days while they wait for the Bristol police to take care of the the pissed off drug lords who think “Shezza” sold them out (he did of course). So here they are, just the two of them in tight quarters and literally nowhere to go until they get the go ahead via mobile, and John’s spiked into heat.
Fast forward six months and now John’s about to get married and Sherlock panics and does something stupid. Something really awful. Something he knows he should feel bad about but doesn’t.
“You're gonna be punished, Sherlock, you know that, right?” Molly says and her voice is different then usual, low and sexy and threatening and John gets more turned on when Sherlock says eagerly, “Yes Miss Hooper. I did drugs and I made a nasty comment about your engagement and then when I came home I fucked John and let him fuck me. I really do need to be punished.”
So when it does happen he tries to do what she told him, he really does. But the skinny kid in the oversized hoodie doesn’t have a weapon, not even a knife, so John grabs him and tries to twist his arm up behind his back but the kid is stronger than he looks and suddenly John is the one being shoved up against the drugs locker.
“I can’t give you drugs, not today,” John says hoarsely and he’s moved forward without noticing because suddenly he’s right in front of Shezza, close enough to touch but he doesn’t, just keeps his hands by his sides in tight fists to keep himself from grabbing him and kissing him hard likehe wants to.
John moves up kneeling with his legs on either side of Sherlock in the narrow space. He grabs Sherlock’s dick and holds it steady while Sherlock moans and digs his fingers into John’s thighs. John settles himself slowly onto Sherlock’s throbbing shaft, taking his time even though he’s stretched out and ready. Then Sherlock’s inside him and its as fucking fantastic as he fantasized it would be and Sherlock is rubbing his hand on John’s dick and softly squeezing his balls. “Come on John, ride me,” Sherlock says and John starts to move. His moans get louder and louder as the burn spreads and turns into pure pleasure. Soon he’s bouncing on Sherlock’s dick, bracing himself on the other man’s thighs while Sherlock rubs his dick, holding it firmly in one large hand. His dick isn’t too thick but it’s long and John can feel the heat with every movement. He’s not going to last very long but he doesn’t care. It just feels so fucking good he can’t believe it. He’s wanted this forever and even if this is the only time it ever happens he’ll be able to replay it in his mind when he needs some extra inspiration.
so this is the next part with John. Since its in this same universe its in the same story instead of a new story.
“Fuck Sherlock!” he gasps and then he kisses him hard. Sherlock sucks his lower lip into his mouth and lets it back out with a pop and John wiggles his bum a bit, trying to get him to push harder. Then Sherlock curls his finger and hits his prostate and John moans hard into Sherlock’s mouth. “Oh yeah, that’s it just like that,” he moans and Sherlock starts sucking on his neck. John doesn’t even care if its gonna leave a mark; he’ll find some story to tell Mary cause she can tell when Sherlock is fibbing but she’s still never figured out when John is. He loves his wife but when a grateful client throws herself at him in a hotel bar he has a hard time saying no. It’s a fault he’s learned to cover up and Mary’s none the wiser so he’ll pretend this is one of those times. Then Sherlock bites down on his collarbone and sticks a second finger into John’s ass and he bucks up his dick, rubbing on Sherlock’s, and moans even louder.
“Oh, that’s odd.   She’s standing to his right.  He’s holding his wrist horizontal and slightly out from his body, almost like – a barrier?  And...  Sherlock can you enlarge this?”
A sharp knock at the bus’ door brought John back from his reverie.  They were locked in a line of traffic, none of the vehicles able to move even a few inches.  Still, John was surprised when the bus driver got out of his seat and opened the door.  John smelled... sausage?  His mouth watered.
Then:  “Yes, I’m still here, where else would I be?  Yes.  Oh?  Oh!  Well, that certainly explains it.  What’s the address?  Ta.”
“Lauriston Gardens,” Sherlock told the driver once he and John were ensconced in the passenger seat.
Instead, John sat back and enjoyed watching Mycroft and his birthmum bicker amiably with each other.
“Sherlock,” John began when they were curled together in bed that night. “There’s something we need to talk about.”
He boarded the bus.  The driver followed him and slammed the bus door shut.  As the engine started up again, John could hear the driver mutter, “Bloody cow.”
“Mycroft was already grown and Sherlock an adolescent by the time I married and left the household.  Their mother gave me a generous marriage gift.  With the money I’d already saved up over the years, it was enough to purchase a house on Baker Street.  You would say, ulitsa Pekarnaya.”
Pressured to provide entertainment, Sherlock eventually extracted a Cluedo set from beneath the books and papers.  He refused, however, to follow any of the rules, claiming that they were all ridiculous.  This moved John to begin creating ever-more-outrageous rules of his own, just to see if Sherlock could tell the difference between the real rules and John’s additions.
By the time John’s phone rang at 5:27 AM, both he and Sherlock had wound down considerably, but Sherlock sat bolt upright the moment the phone began to trill.
“You’re saying that until Mary, I’d never met anyone else I was genetically compatible with? Sorry, Sherlock,
As if he’d heard, Sherlock glanced ever so slightly in John’s direction, nodded once – and dropped through his opponent’s grasp.  John saw the killer raise his arm, the knife in his hand, probably intending to stab Sherlock in the back of the neck.
“He rides from the western gate this very night, before the dawn breaks upon tomorrow,” replied the tsar equally loudly.  “He is so eager to be gone, he will not wait for the sun.”  Murmurs ran among those gathered in the hall.
John sipped.  He’d been sipping all evening.  “You mean British beer as you remember it.  Who the hell knows what British beer is like these days.”
“He used to...” and here Campbell-Williams seemed hesitant for the first time. “He used to do the same with me, when we first met.  He said that meeting people would help my career.  He wouldn’t listen when I tried to tell him that scientific career-building doesn’t work quite that way.  And anyway, I rather liked it.”
Bezimyan returned to the road willingly enough.  They rode all day past meadows and through woods, with a line of distant hills appearing gradually to their left.  Ivan made camp a short way from the road that night and slept well.  He did not dream.
the one who has a new partner.”  Sherlock fiddled briefly with John’s laptop and a photo, presumably of Cheyenne Paul, appeared on the screen.  John gave a low whistle.
“Solve us a crime, Sherlock Holmes,” admonished Janine as she bestowed one last kiss on his nose and stepped out the door. Sherlock blew Dexter a kiss of his own, making the alpha blush as he closed the door behind himself and Janine.
to the door.  He applied the black feather to the lock, eased the door open and...  Thud!  A crossbow bolt shot out of the door and embedded itself in the hangings on the other side of the room.
“Someone looks after him, but they haven’t been doing so for at least the past week,” murmured Sherlock.
Now he crouched in a church doorway, his few belongings a tattered bundle by his side, sipping the sweet, milky coffee that Sherlock had ordered John to buy and studying the tattoo photos on John’s phone.
“Amateur medics especially.  One fellow seemed to think that mouth-to-mouth resuscitation was an appropriate treatment for shock.”
“Actually, although the land-bound species are limited almost entirely to Australia, bats, pinnipeds and cetaceans are found worldwide.”
Ivan did so and gasped when skin, muscle and bone split neatly along the line he had drawn, revealing a cavity underneath.  There was, oddly enough, no blood.
Molly texted to let them know that the analysis of the splinters had failed to turn up anything of note. Sherlock sighed deeply and collapsed on the sofa.  He roused briefly when someone from the university called, then pronounced the call boring and collapsed again.
The books wouldn’t all fit in the duffle. He found a cardboard box in the kitchen. He could manage both the box and the duffle on the Tube, no problem. But if he was bringing the box, he’d might as well fill it. He’d spotted his dress uniform hanging in the closet, next to his wedding suit. Maybe if he put some of his socks and things into the box, he could fold the uniform into the duffle?
“A pair of blokes from MI-5 showed up first time this morning and informed me that they were confiscating the contents of Magnussen’s office and flat. Just the contents. I’m still stuck with the murder investigation.” He sipped the cup of coffee sitting on his desk and made a face. John wondered how long it had been there.
As the enemy soldier swung again, Ivan attempted to swerve out of the way but his shoulder wound impeded him.  The blow fell upon his horse instead, causing the animal to rear.  The tsarevich was flung to the ground, and then the horse fell on top of his legs.  He would have been dead except that Uilleam an t-Moireach reached him in time to throw him on the back of an t-Moireach’s horse and carry him to safety.
It was fairly clear that Sherlock’s transport had awoken before his mind, because he complied without complaint or even comment.
“Across the yard, you’ll find a path into the forest.  It will lead you to a grove of birch trees.  That’s where you wait, dear.  I’ve made extra, so there should be plenty.”
John kept his voice calm.  “This is very clever and all, but whatever you have to say, you could have said it on the phone.”
“I will.  Thank you.”  He turned to go, then heard her say, “By the way, that was a clever trick, pretending to be lame.”
Bill took a large swallow of beer and grimaced.  “Canadian beer’s never going to be as good as British beer.”
“I didn’t – or tried not to – think too much about what might happen if I did survive and made it back.”
The shy smile on Nadya’s face told Ivan all he needed to know about her consent, so he gave his permission on the condition that the marriage should take place before Nadya and Rada re-embarked for the return voyage.  This was done, with all of the company as well as the ship’s captain and the first mate attending the wedding.
Marfa Hudovna ignored him.  “That was one of the first tests we instituted, dear.  But we added others as people kept coming...”
“Hmmm, not sure. There’s no traces of blood or serum, but those could have been wiped away. Wait a moment, where’s the
Sherlock smiled like a shark, all teeth, and extended a hand that David took with obvious reluctance.
They turned off the lights and went upstairs. Bright moonlight filled the small room. Sherlock stripped without bothering to draw the curtains, and the light made his pale skin glow. Long arms, long legs. Long lean body – and their daughter in his pouch.
done by pro-bonders.”  They all turned to look at the blonde woman.  The man who’d been standing beside her was now gone.  “You wouldn’t believe the phone calls and e-mails my colleagues and I have been receiving.  Nasty, threatening things.  We’ve been reporting them as they come in, but it took
Staying angry had become a losing battle. “It’s the same thing, Sherlock, don’t you see?  Not telling me about your plan before you jumped.  Not telling me about... other things.  Not trusting me to make my own choices.”
Sherlock was only too happy to show Lestrade the footprints that Lestrade’s own people had missed.  Assured that he’d receive the files as soon as Lestrade had a chance, Sherlock strode off down the alley towards the street.
He turns and is about to make a comment on how empty the street seems, compared to what he’s used to, when he spots an object the associations of which have nothing removed about them. A cold hand seems to clasp around his throat at the sight. The drawer of the desk by the window is left open just enough for the glint on the syringe glass to catch John’s eye.
Sherlock’s experiencing the same. Predictably, it’s driving him up the wall. He is in dire need of finding an outlet for his frustration so John has let him vent in one of his favourite ways, namely holding his brother responsible for any eventuality in the known universe. He now throws a look to his left where Sherlock’s stretched right next to him on the sofa and sure enough, there is a scowl on that expressive face.
Holmes comes back into the room and sits in the chair across from John, all angles and liquid elegance. Sherlock occasionally wearing suits at home gets a whole new understanding from John—obviously no Holmes is sloppy in his appearance. John is sure this Holmes’s hygiene habits leave nothing to be desired, either. After all John can recall only a handful of instances when Sherlock smelt anything other than squeaky clean and subtly expensive.
“Do you think he and I have…?” He is trying to merge a few questions into one, whilst keeping a tab on rising discomfort. It’s not an easy job. “Do you think he and I have swapped?”
John scowls, then sighs, and rubs his temple again. “Sorry. I’ve had a very long day and this just takes the cake.”
He continues to speak, mentioning radio waves and mobile communication. Then a few significant medical discoveries, plus, naturally, the leaps pathology has made. He talks about means of transport, about synthetic materials, about data banks: weaponry, textile molecules, mud, ash…Holmes all but stops breathing; his face grows more and more stony. It shimmers with some animation only when John detours to say—with what he is sure is cloying fondness—that the existence of any of these data banks hasn’t stopped Sherlock from contributing to the world the most dull, audience-specific literary creations.
But now it’s not elaborate Holmesian speech that’s scrambling his brain. There’s simply too much for it to try and cope at all. Instant restoration of balance won’t be possible if only for the sensational implications of Mycroft Holmes’s comment. John takes turns to boggle at both men. At his brother’s opening line Holmes only let out his monosyllabic laugh and is now exuding extreme excitement.
A movement from Holmes’s chair makes John look to him. Holmes has leant forward, too, propping his lower arms on his thighs—the most unselfconscious John has seen him yet. His eyes are blazing and his lips are pressing so hard together that his jaw muscles are strongly outlined. John coughs and realizes his throat is dry like parchment. He oughtn’t have obstructed the eldest Holmes earlier when the wise man had requested some tea.
John’s smile stretches, slow and bitter-sweet. “That’s more like it,” he says. “I was getting worried you were too nice.”
Naturally, IT and the Internet lead the parade. John talks about the amount of data beyond anything imaginable; that it is readily available in a matter of seconds and what is more, readily available from almost anywhere in England and quite a few places around the world. He doesn’t leave out the detail of the actual physical storage of data. He gives terms simplified definitions, employs metaphors and comparisons, and uses visuals. (He is quite proud of the small matchbox pretend-storing thousands of photographs.) His effort earns him the sight of a riveted Sherlock Holmes with such illuminated eyes that John thinks his own skin might start smoking under them.
“Oh, for God’s sake!” Holmes throws his arms in the air, then dives back for his chair. “Tell us what happened, Mycroft!”
examined it apparently without realizing you were doing it, which speaks of habit. Such an alien item treated with such ease suggests lack of secrecy in its use. We can infer it is not the product of a mysterious scientific laboratory.
Then, as if someone’s switched on a projector, shapes and colours and dimensions materialize. The Baker Street hallway, John’s Baker Street, comes into view. A very good-looking bloke sporting a moustache and John’s least favourite jumper is at the forefront, right under the doorframe.
“You are certainly John Watson,” this Sherlock says. “You have both the quick temper and the generosity of spirit to apologize for it, but most tellingly, the pawky sense of humour. I can see that being careful in your presence will require a great deal more concentration.”
His drowsy brain stirs in discontent at the need to be alert at one in the morning, but alert it ought to be—it has simultaneously registered three rather startling details.
Holmes’s eyes glisten with the light from the fire. “That,” he says after some consideration, “sounds most appealing.”
The room is illuminated by a couple of more gas lamps. Earlier, a candle was lit and placed on the table next to John’s chair. A second one joins it. As he straightens up after leaving it there, his host’s eyes catch John’s from only a few inches distance. They are a lot more the colour of John’s own eyes—grey blue. It’s a fleeting moment of mutual close study and the other man goes to stand by the fireplace. He seems to examine the mess on the mantel and then, casting a slanted look at John, he say, “You don’t resemble Watson in appearance.”
John pinches the bridge of his nose again and keeps his eyelids shut tight, almost painfully. “Right. Listen. Can you both, please, stop that? And can someone condescend to tell the superbrain…challenged what
Sat in the armchair across from the one John’s occupying, the other Sherlock is nursing his own glass of amber liquid. John casts him a furtive glance only to catch one in exchange, albeit much more unfazed. Now that the windows are wide open, the air has cleared enough for such nuances in looks to be noticeable. John brings his glass to his face and keeps it under his nose to counteract the scents that have drifted from outside. In hindsight, he should have known Victorian London would stink, what with the sewage system, the horses’ manure, and the general standards of cleanliness of a large portion of the population. Yet he can hardly berate himself that his hindsight did not stretch
“I can’t lose him again,” John says simply. “You don’t know what it was— You don’t know how it was.”
The last thing John feels before the world evaporates into oblivion is Sherlock resolutely kissing him back.
“Well, I’ll tell you this,” he says. “Where I come from, it’s sort of the opposite. You only have to move in with another bloke and people automatically assume you’re together and start offering you double bedrooms to stay in.”
At the thought, a rush of confidence makes him lift his eyes openly first to his host—he continues to think of Holmes as his host—then to this version of their landlady.
John coughs to get their attention. Obviously, it is once again left to him to prevent them all from being swept along in a dramatic Holmesian tide.
Mycroft Holmes chuckles. “Sherlock has all the energy in the family, but hardly any of the patience.”
“Mrs. Hudson!” Holmes explodes, shooting out of his chair and crossing the room like a cheetah. He yanks the door open. John whips his head around and finds that true, it
Holmes turns his head to one side and squints at him suspiciously. “I detect irony. However, in the interest of truth, the thought has crossed my mind. I am surprised you gathered the essence of it so effectively, if somewhat crudely.”
“She’s so different,” he says, turning again and looking at the closed door. “Our Mrs. Hudson would have a cardiac arrest if she saw her.”
“And you, my dear sir, and you. You are forgiven your lack of manners. This must have come as quite a shock.”
“Right. That’s…good to know. It’s certainly not what we know about your times. My sister often talked a lot about how happy she was to be able to marry Clara, that was her girlfriend, and to be openly gay compared to—”
“Okay. Good.” John is sure he needs to pursue the topic further but frankly, he’s still in his underpants and he needs the loo. Also, yes, some coffee would be very nice. “We have a Mrs. Hudson,” he confirms with delay. “But this one here doesn’t know me. What shall we tell her?”
John is ready to go downstairs thirty minutes later, wearing clothes that make him feel both dashing and a bit of a twit. His taking half an hour might seem like an awful lot—John has very little idea about the etiquette at
in the early twenty-first century.’ Mrs Blackhurst, his English teacher, would be appalled. Probably not as appalled as Mr McFarren would be, though, who was John’s Science teacher.
“It is.” Mycroft nods. “I was told that once either man left the premises something quite final would take place, making it impossible for them to return to their respective worlds. I believe there is some sort of extremely sophisticated machinery involved.”
Something surges in John: a memory, telling him that he is about to forget. The last vestige of something dear and wondrous, something old and cherished, and something that’s about to become very new.
Holmes rolls his eyes in response, informing John icily that he is not an imbecile, then proceeds to draw unflattering parallels between all Watsons in their doctor’s capacity who just don’t understand what it
Mycroft’s voice floats to him like a voice from an old gramophone. “Not at all, Doctor Watson. Best of luck.”
“Pay attention, John, I don’t know how I can put it more simply. I keep thinking that you should have,” Sherlock waved a finger near John’s upper lip, “something up there.”
A distant voice reaches John in his sleep as if through thick glue. His mind doesn’t have a chance to spark to full wakefulness; it registers the use of his surname and propels him instantly upright into a sitting position. John swings his legs around until his feet touch the floor and he springs to attention, body thrumming.
John looks down at his chest where a slightly worn formal white shirt is peeking above a beige waistcoat and a matching jacket. John put on a dark brown tie with it, trying not to think what Sherlock would say about his choices of colour.
He pauses, taking in John’s expression. “But I appear to have slipped into unnecessary detail again,” he finishes with an apologetic bow of his head.
He puts his empty glass back on the table and Holmes’s continuing quiet behind him helps with the final joining of the dots. What was happening with that tirade about the wonders of the future was John showing off, for once being in the lead.
5)	Thanks for the “helper in the nest” hypothesis is owed to evolutionary psychologists Paul Vasey and Doug VanderLaan.  As far as I’m concerned, it works as well for betas as it does for gay men.
Sherlock froze, looking so blank for a moment that John thought for a moment he’d deleted the entire concept of “bedroom.” Then he smiled wickedly, swayed gracefully to his feet and sauntered off in stocking feet down the hall, unbuttoning his shirt as he went. He turned slightly in the doorway to observe John over one bare, pale, faintly freckled shoulder and arch an eyebrow before vanishing into the room.
Stevens relaxed visibly.  “You know, then.  It was harder on Angie than on me, to be honest.  She really missed going to services.  Her faith got her through some hard times.  She lost both parents and had to go out to work when she was still young.  She used to say that scrubbing floors for a living is hard work even if they’re royal floors!  Oh, I probably shouldn’t have said that?”
They had travelled hardly a third of the way when they met messengers from the imperial capital, riding south with news for Ivan Watovich.  His mother, the tsaritsa, had been taken suddenly with vomiting and fever the very day he had fallen in battle.  She had died that night.
“Us. He’s protective, he promised he’d always be there for us. But he’s not at all interested the way you’re suggesting.”
Sara was still watching him, but there was no time to explain even if he’d had an explanation to offer.  He saluted her with his bloody sword, then turned and ran to the keep’s main door.  To his relief, it was unlocked.  Cautiously, he pulled it slightly ajar and slipped inside.
The day they embarked was drizzly and grey.  The second mate stood at the foot of the gangplank, inscribing each passenger’s name in a log as they came aboard.  Ivan stood by as well, waiting until all the others should be safely aboard.  He winced to himself as Bezmolva and Bezumtsa approached the gangplank, realizing that the names given in affection might seem cruel to outsiders.  But just as he was about to explain, Bezmolva announced in a clear voice, “I am called Nadya – Nadezhda.  My companion is Radost’, called Rada.”  Then, her back straight and her head high, she assisted Bezumtsa, now Rada, up the gangplank.
Sherlock’s dark brows drew together.  “It shouldn’t be doing that yet.”  He hopped off the rail and swooped out the door, barely missing Marfa Hudovna.  A train of loose feathers floated in his wake.
After the rich meal, walking home seemed like the thing to do. The two of them fell into step as they strolled along the streets. Patches of darkness that alternated with patches of light cast by streetlamps and shop windows.
Eurus’ cell was as stark as ever.  Their parents had been somewhat distressed, but as far as anyone could tell, Eurus had no desire to have it changed.  Perhaps she considered colour in the same light as her excursions to the outside world: something one indulged in occasionally, out of necessity or for fun, but not a characteristic of
Sherlock pulled away just far enough for John to see his face. He’d looked less drugged when he was on morphine.
“Good luck to him.  Or her, as the case may be.”  John had scrolled through another few posts – there was no apparent character limit and some were quite lengthy – when a thought struck him.  From the look of the flat, Sherlock had already been living here for some time before John showed up.  Why hadn’t he already had a flatmate?  Of course he could have just lost one, but John had seen no signs of anyone else living here recently.
“Oi, wait!  Just wait a minute, you don’t have to strangle me!”  Ivan yanked the cord out of Sherlock’s grasp and pulled it up over his head.  “Here you go.  But it’s not a magic ring.”
all,” John shot back, “maybe I should date...”  Oh, hell, what was he saying?  He cut himself off, but Sherlock was still watching him, dark brows drawn slightly together.  “Maybe I should date again.  Absolutely.  You’re right, ah, absolutely right.”
“George,” a woman hissed as she held her children close.  “George, come on.  Let’s get on the bus.  We’ll sort it out later.”
“Police work’s hard on marriages, bonded or not. Pretty much everyone in the Yard is either separated or knows someone who is, often enough for years.  Me, Anderson, lots of others.”
“This morning. He was...” shooting up in a crack house, bit not good, that. “He was at 221B when I dropped by.”
“Yeah!” said the teen gratefully. “How did you know...  Oh.”  His face fell.  “You already know what happened, don’t you?  That’s how you know what Uncle Don wrote.  That’s how you knew to write the same thing back at the hospital.”  His tone turned petulant.  “Why are you even asking me?”
Tyuleneva glared a moment longer, then muttered, “Sorry,” and sat back down next to Andreyev, who whispered something in her ear.
Breakfast turned out to be cold spiced tea and jam-filled pastries.  The creature had a sip of one and a nibble of the other, but seemed more interested in Ivan’s walking stick and examined it closely.
“We don’t need more accountants in London.”  And Clipboard Man walked away, leaving the assistants to persuade and the soldiers to compel.
“Right, as if she’s still going to be interested after I almost dislocated her son’s arm in front of her,” John sighed. “Thanks for the offer, though.”
someone, was chasing him down an alley.  He was facing a fence the likes of which he’d only dealt with previously in military training exercises.
Christ, John was so distracted he hadn’t heard Janine leave the bathroom, let alone enter and exit the bedroom. She must have, though, for she was now wearing a flowered dress and white jumper.
Ivan stared as the tendrils of doubt that had taken root in his thoughts the evening before began to grow again.  Sherlock had, in fact, told him very little – and that much only in response to Ivan’s direct questions.  When Ivan had said he was on a quest to find a sorcerer, Sherlock had snatched Ivan into the air and brought him here.  Caught up in the thrill of flight, Ivan had never thought to question how Sherlock knew with such immediate certainty
“Madeleine Sophia Watson-Holmes,” mused Sherlock. “No. Madeleine Sophia Holmes-Watson. The rhythm’s better.”
Sloppy, sloppy, sloppy.  Battles and even wars had been lost on such sloppiness.  Ivan should have known better, but faced with the fantastical, beautiful creature that was Sherlock, he’d apparently stopped thinking at all.  Had Sherlock bespelled him to do so?
The woman in purple entered with a steaming pot on a tray.  “Sherlock, you should have told me your husband was coming!  I would have baked something nice.”  And then to John, “Martha Hudson.  I’m so glad to meet you.”
Mary took a deep breath. “I haven’t got one. No, don’t look at me like that. I tried. I’d made an arrangement, but it fell through. And I don’t have the time or the resources to create a new identity solid enough to hold up under the scrutiny of a surrogacy program.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply and instead yawned a third time.  John stood up, collected their mugs and put them in the sink.  Then he offered both hands to Sherlock.  “Come on, up you get.”
John grabbed one of his newly purchased books and answered the flat door book in hand, a finger poked in among the pages as if to mark his place.
“Sherlock!” demanded Lestrade, “Would you like to explain why I found this young man loitering in the vicinity of Jabez Wilson’s pawnshop hardly past the break of dawn?”
“I know that!” Sherlock snarled. “Molly Hooper is no idiot. She’s also proven she can keep a secret for an indefinite amount of time under the most trying conditions, as
But Sherlock shook his head. “Mycroft knows who shot his brother. He has no surveillance inside this building and won’t come after Mary as long as she stays here. But it would be a mistake to approach him.”
Hell, he needed to hear from the Cromwell soon about that job.  He was rapidly turning into exactly what Mrs Hudson claimed not to be: Sherlock’s housekeeper.
“How touching!  Still trusting our Vanechka at your back, are you?  He stabbed one of my guards from behind, you know.”
To look at him and Sherlock, though, anyone would have thought they were friends having a pleasant conversation.  Right up until the moment that the stranger put his arm around Sherlock’s waist and Sherlock stiffened.  Under other circumstances John might have thought that the stranger had made an unwanted pass.  Under these circumstances...
It was only when he segued into John’s theme, however, that she rose and picked up her own violin.  They played through John’s theme together once.  Then Sherlock returned to Rosamund’s theme, as Eurus continued with John’s – for awhile, anyway, because after a bit they started trading back and forth, not only playing the interlocking themes but playing
The woman’s voice startled Ivan out of the haze which had begun to envelope him.  Her bright-coloured silk robes were finely embroidered, but they were also filthy and worn into tatters where the hem brushed along the ground.  Her silk slippers were in rags, and her track across the courtyard was marked by bloody footprints.  The long brown hair that fell around her gaunt face was dirty, matted and scattered with jewels.
With a sweep of wings and tail, Sherlock stood and spun to face him.  Ivan saw real anger in the silver eyes before Sherlock spat, “Fine.  I’ll bring you back to Marfa Hudovna’s tomorrow.  I’m sure she’ll give you a nice meal before she sends you on your way.  But remember, Ivan Watovich, all your roads will always lead you back to Muircheartaigh.”  Then Sherlock leapt upwards and regained his high perch.
Oh, hell, thought John.  He hadn’t looked to confront this particular issue so soon after his arrival.  “Wait, I can explain that, it’s just...”
who shot him.” John pointed towards his lower chest. “The bullet wound was here, so he was facing whoever it was.”
Lestrade sighed. “Technically, it’s a police investigation and I shouldn’t be telling you anything. Unless... When’s the last time you saw Sherlock?”
By the end of the week Sherlock’s morphine supply had been tapered off, leaving him bored and venomous. Everyone at the hospital was tired of being deduced by Sherlock, to the point where the constables had had to intervene. Then, of course, Sherlock deduced the constables.
“Fathers,” shrugged Misha, “They all want princesses for their sons.  Look, I need to get this rye harvested.  Give me a hand with it and then I’ll see what I can do for you.”  And he watched Ivan closely, as if to see whether the gentleman was offended at the request.
“He wished to move on. It was one of the things I admired about him, that after such a tragedy, he was determined to go on with his life.  He wished for a successful outcome – as we all did!  But he said that even if the experiment failed, he would know he had contributed to the body of scientific knowledge.  I think...”  Here Dr Foucault faltered for the first time.  “I have sometimes thought, over the years, that he understood ‘failure’ only as the absence of the desired effect.”
“No, he took my statement at the scene but then had Donovan detain me while he vanished off somewhere.  This was his most likely destination.”
The air steward busied himself with cups, cans, bottles.  Laughter rang out from one of the seats ahead of John.  He and the steward both glanced towards it.
“I was still planning my escape when Mycroft turned up, claiming there was an underground terrorist network active in London and a massive attack was imminent.”
“Not going to let him walk off with evidence this time?” John put his hand to his mouth a second after he heard his own words. “Sorry.”
Sherlock stared at him.  “Even at the time, I knew Muircheartaigh might have been willing to let Victor go if I’d offered myself instead.”
“Oho!”  Angelo gave them a broad wink.  “Good luck to both of you!”  As he turned away, Sherlock rose from his seat.
“Biochemist. First to detail the mechanisms of the chemical reactions responsible for the colour changes in wristbands.  Awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1962 as a result.”
Sherlock was almost as white as the sheets he lay on and wreathed in tubes and catheters. Monitors blinked around him; pumps ticked.
Sherlock more or less ordered them back to Baker Street, where he then did his best to argue that everything was
Mrs Hudson returned from her sister’s as scheduled. A few days later she caught John as he was coming in the door with Tesco bags. Lots and lots of Tesco bags. Not only was he now buying for Mary as well as himself and Sherlock, he was also discovering that “eating for two” was not a myth.
interesting, at least to me.  On the scale you use for cases, you, Sherlock Holmes...”  John paused for effect, to be sure he had Sherlock’s full attention.  “...are an eleven.”
John called Mrs Hudson on the unlikely chance that Sherlock turned up at Baker Street. Then he tried calling Mycroft but failed to get past Anthea.
John complied, his cock bobbing forward to brush, oh, Sherlock’s stomach. It wasn’t that John had never done this before. He had – but he knew that Sherlock
Sherlock and Lestrade exchanged glances. Lestrade leaned forward.  “Fine, then I’ll ask it.  Who gave you the idea of stealing laboratory supplies and equipment to sell for use in drug manufacture?”
“No, thanks, it’s getting late for... Oh. Ah, Sherlock? The coffee part of dating protocols can be... Well. It’s really just an excuse to sit next to each other on the sofa.”
John gave Sherlock’s cock another squeeze and then continued to stroke it with one hand while still fingering Sherlock’s teats with the other.
John’s betrothed was nowhere in sight.  A line of servants hovered behind the lord and lady, and off to one side there stood – or rather, sulked – a boy.  He couldn’t have been more than thirteen, although he wore the suit of an adult man, slightly too large for his skinny frame.  He barely reached John’s chin.  His mop of curls almost hid his eyes but failed to entirely hide the acne on his forehead.  John would have bet a quid that under the legs of his long pants, the boy’s knees were scabby.
“As you are no sorcerer, I am no coward to sit idly by while another faces danger for my family’s sake.  If this curse can be lifted, we will do it together.”
“Yes, of course! What else... Oh, never mind, here!” Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and placed it on his own flat... Oh. Not quite so flat, ever so slightly squooshy belly.
Tyler looked grateful for the cue. “She’d said to make sure to visit Uncle Don, especially on Ms Desimone’s off days, so I was doing that.  I, uh, didn’t do so much cleaning and stuff.”  John saw Miranda’s mouth twitch.
Foucault shrugged again, this time with a small, sad smile. “He was a young man too, for all that he seemed older to me.”
They were a quiet company as they sat around the fire after supper until Andreyev, watching the woman at the graveside, mused aloud, “I wonder if my wife waits for me.”
“What did you notice about the desk downstairs?” Sherlock continued.  He put the box back in its place and led John out of the workroom, locking the door behind them and starting down the stairs.
“My brother,” Sherlock replied drily.  “London is a city-state.  My mother has held the throne for the past several decades.  In her old age, her formidable intellect has become... somewhat detached from the real world.  My brother effectively rules as prince regent.”
After what Sherlock had told him about Muircheartaigh, Ivan couldn’t believe what he was hearing.  “You helped a murderer?”
Speak of the devil – Sherlock strode into the flat, tossing his Belstaff aside. “John! You missed the case, and it was a high six. The landlord’s son’s megfriend’s bettifriend... Oh! Molly brought the clothes.”
I made my deductions.  He didn’t care as long as I could destroy whatever target he aimed me at.  He loved me for that.  I... loved him, if that’s the applicable term, because he was on my side.  It was no fluke that our bands turned gold for each other.  Each of us was what the other wanted.”
“Mr McKinsey’s medications had been changed recently. The new medications upset his stomach.  Once the niece was gone, he stopped taking them.  At about the same time, the media began focussing on the change in divorce laws and the resulting protests, including the anti-science protests.  His grandnephew reported that he would become agitated while watching these on television.”
“Shhh, shhh. Let me in, love.” Christ, Sherlock was so very tight. John was dizzy with the knowledge that no one else had been here before him, that he was the first one to give Sherlock this. He searched the posterior wall of the pouch, seeking... ah, there. Larger than the secondary nipples, sweet knots of slippery flesh between John’s fingers, Sherlock’s teats swelled and hardened.
“You come back here with cocaine and I’m calling Lestrade myself!” John bellowed at his departing back.
There was a man standing in the meadow in the dark, wielding some kind of blade – a sword?  An axe?  Ivan couldn’t make it out, because the man’s shape kept changing.
“So what happened after you, well...”  Mike stopped, his face reddening slightly.  It was obvious that he was recalling only now the terms under which John had left uni.
made him shiver. He stripped as well, trying not to go too fast, trying to give Sherlock a bit of a show, and was rewarded by the sight of Sherlock’s erection jutting out beneath his baby bump.
“By myself, of course. He needs to hear the rest. John, Mycroft has come to tell us when his people found when they broke into...”
“Ouch.” Lestrade lapsed into glum silence and started to wander idly about the flat, poking at things, reminding John of...
Sherlock gave him an odd look, then nodded.  “I promise.  And you should have this.”  He plucked a pale-blue feather from one wing and handed it to Ivan.  “If all else fails, get to a window or battlement and jump.  This will bring you safely to the ground.  Now come, we need to keep moving.”  And with that, Sherlock took off down the corridor.
“Mr Newbold, Dr Watson.  John, Walter Newbold is the hospital’s Committee liaison.  If you’re free for a short conversation?  The cafeteria here serves decent coffee.”
“Oh. Sarcasm. I see.” Sherlock rolled over, presented John with a view of his back and stole most of the covers while he was at it.
After Ivan had seen to his stallion’s needs and washed the dust of the road off his face, he went out to the barn.  In the dim interior, he could just make out Sherlock, perched on a rail towards the back with his face turned away from the door.  Loose feathers littered the straw.
A few moments later, John stood next to his suitcase and duffel, studying the house as the bus pulled away.  Right, then.  Forward march, soldier.  If he could stay here the night, he could get this mess straightened out tomorrow.
“Not a problem,” Sherlock replied, extracting his wallet from a trouser pocket.  John observed this item with interest, as he’d never seen it appear when he and Sherlock needed to pay for a cab.
Ivan could imagine Sherlock at fifteen, brilliant and impatient, not yet old enough to be taken completely into his brother’s confidence – but old enough to take action on his own.
John found himself chilled, so he turned back the blankets, slid down in between the uncertain sheets. He lay there listening, remembering other times when he’d watched Sherlock play.  Remembering how Sherlock swayed ever so slightly with the music.  Remembering how Sherlock’s head tucked down to hold his instrument, how the sleeve of his bow arm drew up just a bit, just enough to reveal the band of black pigmentation encircling his wrist.
The worst off was the silent man, who fell into a fever.  When they camped that night, his companion knelt next to him, bathing his forehead with cool water.  Sara Dmitrievna brewed a tea from willow bark, and the two women together got him to drink it, but to no avail.  In the morning, he could not be roused from unconsciousness.  By noon, he was dead.
John interrupted.  “Was Joe in the army?”  As Pauline turned to stare at him, Sherlock quickly looked in the direction John had been looking.  His mouth shaped an “o.”
Sherlock looked up, blinked and stared at John. “You got us tickets to hear Vadim Repin perform with the LSO?” He didn’t pronounce the violinist’s name at all the same way John had.
“Yeah, Clara and I can finally get properly divorced. None of this ‘separated but still married’ shit.  Of course the ‘pro-bonders’ are up in arms  Waving signs, yelling slogans, jumping on front of TV cameras.  Not that they matter anymore.”
Christ, John hadn’t known that Sherlock’s voice could even go that low. He couldn’t be sure whether he was actually hearing it or feeling it through his bones. And he, John, had done that, had made Sherlock...
Something flew out of the darkness. He caught it on pure reflex, then looked at it.  A travel-sized bottle of mouthwash.
“I’m teasing, Sherlock,” John said gently.  “I apologize if that wasn’t clear.  Here, have some toast, I put honey on it.”
“Right. Yeah, ah. See you tomorrow.” John remained in his chair, not sure he could stand up yet. There were times when alpha physiology was a distinct disadvantage. Besides, the view as Sherlock straggled down the hall to his bedroom was not to be missed.
Now Sherlock led John the bed, rummaged in the nightstand for the lube. The first time they’d tried this, he’d used far too much lube. After an excess of preparation that had every hair on John’s body standing on end, he’d finally slid in – and promptly slid right back out.
– an intelligence agent. Your accent is currently English but I suspect you are not. You’re on the run from something. You’ve used your skills to disappear, but Magnussen knew your secret. I assume you befriended Janine in order to get close to him.”
“Finally,” muttered Sherlock. One of the students giggled.  Sherlock began to sift through the debris of the lab, apparently at random.  The students and the junior officer seemed eager to give him as much room as they could.
The teen was staring at Sherlock. “Are you some kind of mutant?  Like, you can read minds or something?”
John ended the call and stared blankly in Sherlock’s direction. “That was my landlord. My ex-landlord, I suppose. Mary’s been gone the past week. She told him we’d separated and that I would be taking charge of clearing the place out so he could rent it to someone else.”
“I owe you the first decent case I get. I promise.  It’s just I don’t have anything at the moment.  Well, we’ve got a body, but it’s an elderly gent who died of a heart attack in an alley.  Paramedics responding to a 999 call found him shortly after midnight.”
A few more sips of brandy and the shift he experienced earlier when he just knew that this was Sherlock Holmes and that he was telling the truth doesn’t seem so intuitive anymore. His mind must have put together the evidence but he was too dazed to follow its work. The complete makeover of the room—no wallpaper can dry in a matter of hours at this weather, even if a whole brigade of builders worked on the room at high speed. Beyond that, it is impossible to move the fireplace without structural changes to the house. You can’t shift a chimney fifty inches to the right just like that.
Mrs. Hudson, bless her. Carrying a tray with some cups and a tea pot! She emits a frightened, vaguely disapproving sound and takes a step back. Holmes grabs the tray from her hands, marches to the table where he all but slams it down, and returns to the door.
Beyond London, the entire world of the nineteenth century. John tries to get his head around that and completely fails.
Sherlock’s eyes don’t lift. “That…it’s as if I miss you. Why should I, when you’re here all the time? But I do and I—Anyway. It’s good that you’re not planning on going anywhere…”
“Excuse me,” he addresses Mycroft, judging him the more approachable. “How exactly do you know any of that’s true?”
Sherlock’s eyes close in visible pain, but he shakes his head. “No! No, wait. I need—Something, I need to—Not in there, Mycroft’s in there…”
John looks at Mycroft, shaking his head in mute question and spreading his hands for emphasis. The response to his unspoken query comes from Holmes.
“Not all of us are just brawn, no brain, John.” There it is. “I can solve a case from under this blanket and quickly, too.”
“All right, all right,” he intervenes. “If it’s that serious, he will call Mycroft. Mycroft’s spying on him anyway, so there’s that. Maybe, I don’t know, it’s some sort of programming too? Like…Like the original Holmes knowing that his brother is there to sort things out for him.”
John smiles sincerely. “Don’t be. You know that I’m,” he struggles for the right word, then finishes hoping he’ll be understood, “him. You don’t have to be careful with me.”
With a cry of “Holmes!” the other John—Watson—rushes past, almost making John spin around his axis. On instinct, John follows the motion, turning his head to look over his shoulder. The two men are standing in a loose embrace, gazing into each other’s eyes, Watson’s face ecstatic.
John decides to call his new acquaintance Holmes, since it seems to be the way flatmates address each other in Victorian times. No wonder the era has its stiff, gloomy reputation.
John feels quite superficial and decides it’s best to keep his mouth shut, both literally and figuratively speaking.
Holmes has been observing him with something almost indulgent in his gaze. He’s evidently read John like an open book and John has a stab of apprehension that there were footnotes on the pages hidden from him.
“You have no idea how much science has advanced,” John says as he pushes himself away from the windowsill. He crosses the room and stops at the assorted Holmesian equipment spread out on a heavy table that has seen better days. Glass is glass, of course, but the microscope, the boxes of chemicals, the Bunsen burner seem ancient for all that John is sure they’re some of the best on offer right now.
“Just so you know, Sherlock is not...He doesn’t have your manners and he can be a bit rude. Very rude, actually. But he isn’t unkind on purpose, and your Watson should know the deal by now so I reckon he’s all right. Plus Mrs. Hudson is a diamond; she’ll take good care of him.” John feels a stab of jealousy at the quicksilver thought:
In the last few minutes of his impromptu presentation, John began feeling numb discomfort. Now, in the silence that follows, it transforms into acute tension.
“Mycroft’s comment upon arrival was enough for me to conclude he had obviously had some experience similar to this one or rather, had witnessed it here. The fact that I couldn’t recall it could mean many things, but one seemed the likeliest: that I had suffered a selective memory loss. You also remembered his words about a number of similar events taking place. Evidently, that incident hadn’t remained isolated.”
Sherlock, for his part, is of the firm opinion that this was Mycroft’s cunning ploy designed to keep him away from a very important case with potentially severe consequences for MI6. John has listened to his conspiracy theories with one ear. He’s quite sure poor Mycroft, who has been looking in on them every day, relief gradually replacing controlled tension, has nothing to do with their current predicament.
“Correct,” Mycroft replies. “Something to do with the ‘universes recalibrating’. I understand the term to mean to adjust to a standard. In this case, the standard being the world in which Sherlock Holmes appeared when it was not supposed to contain such an individual. I cannot testify to a full understanding of the process, but the result was the existence of a Sherlock Holmes in every world, spinning a mini-universe around himself as it were, to correspond to the original one in which there was a Doctor Watson, a Mrs. Hudson, myself, and so on and so forth.”
“Your fists are clenched, John. Going to try and beat me up again?” Sherlock sneered. “Don’t bother. I’m going out.” He whirled around and headed for the door, grabbing his Belstaff as he went.
“Trevor would be something like Gorodsky in your tongue and Holmes, Ostrovsky.  Sherlock... Svetlovolos, I think?  Or perhaps Yarkovolos.”
“Watch who yer calling a thug, boyo,” spat one of the burly men.  “And what’s all this stuff in the kitchen?  Looks like a drug lab.”
“I haven’t seen that these woods are so populated that’s likely to happen any time soon.  Either I’ll retrieve the bundle before anyone else finds it or I’ll likely be dead, in which case they’re welcome to it,” Ivan replied cheerfully.
“Hell, Sherlock, the way you were staggering about, anyone would have thought that you’d suffered permanent damage!  Your
This seemed to fluster the young woman, who turned quite pink.  “Oh!  It was no trouble!  And no one calls me gospozha, everyone just calls me Manya.”
“How would that even work?” retorted Mary. “By the time children are born, they need more nutrition than the placenta can supply. What would they be living on for the extra months?”
“It wasn’t an emergency! Well, maybe it was beginning to be.  But it didn’t start off that way.  It started off with going for a walk, and then we were at the university and then we were in the toilet and... Stuff just kept happening.”  Tyler looked about ready to cry.
With this in mind, Ivan approached the captain and asked what sort of person the second mate might be.  “An honest man and a steady worker,” came the answer.  Then the captain, eying Ivan shrewdly, added, “He owns a small house back in port, but both his wife and his mother died of a fever two winters back.  Ever since then the house has stood empty while he’s at sea.”
If John’s voice held just the slightest trace of bitterness at the mention of Bill’s wife and children, neither man commented on it.
“There was a camera at eye height to the right of the door. A live picture of the card user was relayed directly to Magnussen’s personal staff in his office – the only people trusted to make a positive ID. At that hour, the person responding would almost certainly be his PA.”
Sherlock glared at him a moment, then announced, “If you don’t want it, then give it to Marfa Hudovna.”
were an amarsupial, you’d be stuck carrying the child internally for another four to five months until it could breathe and regulate its body temperature on its own.”
“My wife said we should run.  Her brother lived in a town far away and would shelter us.  But the lord’s guards caught us at the gates.  The lord said he would keep my wife as surety for my return, then had his guards throw me out.”
“Dr Watson,” said one as he pulled his suit jacket back to show his CSIS ID.  A gunshot wound blossomed on his chest.  Bullets and screams filled the air as the sun beat down on the dusty ruins where they’d been ambushed.
“John, I need you to take swabs from Mary so that I can test for sexually transmitted diseases. She won’t let me do it.”
“Not... not right away. But these news stories started appearing more and more and, I dunno.  For some reason they drove Uncle Don spare.”
Sherlock frowned slightly, obviously not seeing why this would be an issue. “You never said anything worth responding to.”
He waited until Sherlock nodded, then ran his hand down along Sherlock’s shirt again, this time pulling it aside gently when it crossed the other edge just above Sherlock’s navel. Just
“I need something to bind this with,” said Sara Dmitrievna, and laid her hands on her own robes as if to rend them apart.
your landlady and I ought to be told when someone’s going to be staying in the building for a while.”
“Through here,” replied Lestrade, indicating a door at one side of the anteroom.  It led to a large, bare room, unremarkable to John’s eye except for the woman lying dead in the far corner, her face frozen in an expression of horror.
