“So, which one is he in? I’d like to get this over with as fast as possible if you don’t mind. I’ve plans for tonight you know and you’re doing a great job ruining them.” John snapped at the woman.
“How long since you and my brother started your.. companionship.” Mycroft uttering the last word in an overly articulated way.
The bartender finally placed both drinks in front of Sherlock and the detective fished up his wallet to pay. Just as the transaction had been made the idiot man reached forward his hand to reach for the mixed nuts bowl on the counter, but of bloody course he knocked over John’s beer in the process, spilling it all over and soaking Sherlocks phone that still lay on the bartop.
Charlie didn’t jump but stood right there on the edge and looked down on the street below. The wind ruffled his dark brown hair and he looked to be deep in thought.
“No nothing hurt, except my pride of course.” Greg answered, then shaking his head in frustration. “It’s just.. I’m a D.I. I’m in the field all the time. I used to be able to handle myself pretty well, but as I’ve gotten older it’s just been downhill.” Greg emptied the rest of his beer in one go and put the glass back down. “It won’t be long until an old lady will be able to take me out with her handbag.” He muttered darkly.
“Again? That’s the fifth time in this week alone John! You do realise that there’re far more productive ways for you to spend your time, than you wasting it in a germ infested building with a bunch of sweating and empty minded gorillas.” Sherlock protested as he marched through the living room before stopping in front of the doctor. He leaned a shoulder against the doorframe and crossed his arms in a manner that was sure to show John his displeasure.
“Well I am clever John, with and without my glasses on.” Sherlock chuckled, wrapping his long arms around the doctor pulling him slightly closer.
John started walking around the room, taking notes of the surroundings. Several minutes went by when suddenly he felt a very slight chill carried by an even slighter breeze in the nape of his neck. He looked around. There was a window a few feet to the left. He walked over and felt around the frame, but the breeze had disappeared and he couldn’t detect it anywhere near the window, so he walked back to the spot he came from. Once again, he detected a very soft breeze. It was very weak so it was amazing he’d even been able to detect it to begin with. He licked his right index finger and held it in the draft’s path. He could feel the right side of his finger getting colder, indicating the direction from which the wind came from. John started moving, trying his best to follow the current. As it got slightly stronger he realized, with confusion, that he was nearing a bare wall with a intricate floral tapestry all the way to the right of the room.
John stepped through the doors to 221B, expertly balancing a Tesco bag in one hand and a nice bottle of red wine. A gift he’d received from one of his patients earlier on the day, for having helped her find and organise the moving of her husband, who suffered from dementia, to a nice facility with great care whose service he vowed for. He figured he and Sherlock could pop it open and enjoy a nice evening in for once and he’d been looking forward to it all day. He didn’t make it far from the threshold though, before the sound of voices reached him coming form Mrs. Hudson’s flat.
“My God Sherlock that fantastic!” John exclaimed happily, making Sherlock’s head jump up in surprise.
This made John snap and he immediately gripped the collar of Anderson and easily lifted the weaker man, his eyes filled with rage and fury.
In that moment, the scene abruptly exploded into motion. A secret doorway camouflaged very cleverly into the wall sprang open and a large, heavy man bolted out with a raging cry and a long serrated knife above his head in his left hand, racing straight towards John.
Sherlock did not need to repeat that as John immediately feel asleep. His breathing heavy and regular, looking pain free and peaceful.
To render Sherlock speechless it had to be something big so John turned his head to find what had caught his lover’s attention so abruptly. At first he was puzzled. It looked like Sherlock was eyeing two men across the room, having a heartily conversation, but then John recognized one of them. He looked down at the programme in his hand and found the picture of the conductor of the night. Sure enough, the clear Italian genes, the slightly greying hair, the small rounded nose and soft brown eyes. That man standing in the corner could be no other but André Salieri, the star of the night.
John immediately put the teabags back down and walked back towards the living room. The sight that greeted him was a completely drenched Sherlock. His usually bouncy curls now lay flat and plastered to his head, his coat, shirt and trousers all soaking and clinging tightly to his skin and with lips and fingers that looked more blue than John liked.
John took a deep breath, obviously mentally stealing himself for something he found uncomfortable, but necessary to get off his chest. “You were drugged Sherlock.”
Now one of the new officers spoke up. “Excuse me Mr. Holmes, but if it was the shopkeeper’s son, then wasn’t it a bad idea to park the police car in front of the shop? Aren’t we risking the offender noticing it?”
“Wonder what Lestrade will think about this?” John continued to tease. Of course he had no intention of sending the picture to anyone. No it was to be his own private pleasure, plus it could be used as blackmail to make the man eat once in a while.
John was right. During the last week or so he found it harder and harder to focus on his work. His eyes felt terrible stained in no time whenever he tried to read his casefiles, articles and writing notes during experiments, while words would simply start to blur after just 15 minutes of reading.
Sherlock nodded in understanding. “Alright, I’ll be back soon.” He promised and bent down to plant a soft kiss on John’s lips the doctor gladly accepted.
“As it turns out cutting onions and then rubbing you eye is a really bad idea.. Should probalbly have thought of that earlier.” Sherlock looked slightly embarrassed by admitting his mistake.
This time Sherlock at least had the decency to feel a little guilty. He slowly stood and walked towards John, whose head was still in his hands. Sherlock seated himself on the armrest beside the doctor and placed a comforting arm around his shoulders.
“You, call an ambulance right now, tell them to hurry!” John muttered sharply to the female officer, who promptly pulled out her phone and walked just out the door to make the call.
Sherlock’s cheeks quickly turned bright red in embarrassment. He hadn't meant for John to actually see him wearing the damn thing.
As Sherlock talked the emotionless mask he had kept up slowly started to crumble. John could feel the shoulders tense beneath his hands and how Sherlock lowered his head, like in defeat, resting against his hand. Once again John’s heart wrenched when he saw the small tears gather in the corner of Sherlock’s eyes and his body started to tremble, trying to suppress the tears threatening to fall.
“Well done Daniel, it’s over now.” John said with a smile and squeezed the boy’s shoulder. Daniel was obviously still very traumatized and the tears he’d fought so hard to hold back now started to flow freely, his sobs filling the small office.
“Oh John, welcome home dear.” The landlady greeted warmly. She was sitting at her small dinner table, a cup of tea between her hands. “Sherlock just baked a pie for my ladies’ night tomorrow.” She practically beamed with pride.
It had helped.. A lot.. It occurred to Sherlock he’d never truly expressed to Lestrade how much his help back then meant to him. And now the DI was in the hands of some deranged, violent madmen, who weren’t afraid to murder to achieve their goals. The panic simmering in his gut almost threatened to take over him again, but he pulled in a few deep breaths. He had to stay strong now, as Lestrade had always been for him.
“Okay Daniel, I’m going to give you a very slight prick on your arm.” John followed rolled up the sleeve of the boy’s blue sweater. “This isn’t going to hurt one bit – okay, here we go.” John didn’t waste any time and emptied the EpiPen into the boy’s arm with efficiency.
Only two years earlier Sherlock would have made all these deductions, ignored Molly and exited quickly. Not because he didn’t care back then, but because he’d had no idea how to act empathetically or interpret emotions well enough to offer the right responds. Sherlock had been burned many a times growing up for sociable unacceptably behaviour when trying to do as people expected, especially in emotional charged situations. This had resulted in his developing his defensive mechanism to either be dismissive or simply leave in such situations, earning him his labels as a ‘freak’ and ‘psychopath’ in his youth. That was until John came into his life. John had not only accepted his eccentric nature, but was also the first person (not counting his family) to see beyond his facade of indifference and recognize the emotions hidden behind, that he struggled so hard to express. John had patiently guided Sherlock to act better on his own feelings as well as others’. In the end helping him to the point where he finally found the courage to recognize and admit his feelings for John only six months ago. To find John return his feelings still counted as the happiest moment in Sherlock’s life.
Sherlock at last seemed to ease up a bit at the diagnosis. He went and sat down next to her on the couch and without a word wrapped one arm around her. He didn’t look directly at her as he murmured. “Just.. Don’t scare me like that again. There’s no home in Bakerstreet without you.”
“Thanks John.” Mrs. Hudson smiled and squeezed the doctors hand gently. She then looked to Sherlock who stood right behind John, having looked on frettingly the whole time. “You see dear, nothing serious. Thanks to you I’ll be up and running again in no time.”
Since then Sherlock and she started a steady routine, once a week he would pop in and Mrs. Hudson would feed him up (sometimes she doubted if he ever ate besides when he was with her). Sometimes she’d let him kip overnight on her couch. Sometimes a handsome silverhaired officer would stop by and look in on Sherlock when he was with her. Sherlocked had started to open up to her more and more over the course of time and Mrs. Hudson came to understand why the poor thing had trustissues. Why she had a half a mind herself to wrench the necks of all those closed minded bastards who’d treated Sherlock so viciously through most of his years. When finally, that nice officer had managed to get Sherlock more or less clean and sober she saw it as her chance to offer Sherlock to rent her upstairs apartment, on the condition that he would stay of the drugs. He had been clean ever since and after he’d met John she’d had the privilege to watch her dear boy grow and thrive so much better both emotionally and physically.
Sherlock was surprised how much he’d started to actually enjoy these nights out with John, Lestrade and the by now semi regular participants from the Yards homicide division. Over the course of the last 6 months it’d evolved to be a bit of a tradition for them all to go out and celebrate whenever a though case got closed. Since Sherlock and John almost always got involved with the more demanding cases, they always ended up joining. In the beginning Sherlock had just went along with it because he knew John enjoyed going out, socializing and getting a few pints with the team and the detective knew the doctor always loved it when he’d join. Sherlock really just wanted to make John happy. But the more he went along the more he’d started to lean to enjoy the experience and he secretly loved how John would always get more outwardly affectionate after a few beers. He’d been used to people denying being associated with him for most of his life so who could blame him for liking that John actually wanted to flaunt him to the world as if to say
John looked back up at his lover’s face. His eyes were still horrible red and tearful, but he was laughing that sweet, genuine laugh that always melted John’s heart a little bit more. Now John was really confused one minute Sherlock was crying and the next laughing. Had he missed something?
“I’m afraid it might be more serious than that. I feared this might happen at some point. Though, I never imagined they’d try to get to me on English soil.” Mycroft muttered, his eyes looking around skittishly even though noting but darkness surrounded the two outside the limited light source from Mycroft’s phone.
Sherlock growled in frustration. Lestrade couldn’t have picked a worse time to bring him a case. He needed to find John! He didn’t have time for such trifles as murders and crimes at a time like this.
They stood like that for about ten minutes before Sally finally calmed down enough to slowly pull herself out of the embrace. Her eyes were swollen and red, her hair and clothes were a mess and a look of embarrassment started to bloom on her face as the realisation she’d just embraced Sherlock Holmes and cried on his shoulder.
Mycroft had tried his own way of helping of course, but that had mostly consisted of forcing Sherlock off to rehab only to let him out to relapse again within three weeks. Lestrade had always been the one to be there for him when things got dirty. It had always been him who’d spent hours slowly cruising through the streets until he would find whatever skip Sherlock had passed out in and then take him home with him. He’d been the one to change Sherlock’s dirty clothes when he hadn’t bathed for days or when he was soaked with puke and fully clothed sit with him in the shower till he resembled a human again. He’d been the one to hold Sherlock down when abstinences raged through his body to keep him from hurting himself, often resulting in Lestrade himself receiving the lumps and bruises instead. The DI wouldn’t admit it, but Sherlock knew he’d played a large part in why Lestrade’s marriage had ended in divorce. No wife apricated to have an addict passed out on her couch ever so often. Eventually Lestrade had succeeded in getting him clean, but the temptation had always lurked dangerously close and his danger nights were a weekly occurrence. He’d lost count how many nights Lestrade had just ‘casually’ stopped by for a cup of tea only to end curled up on Sherlock’s couch for the night to keep an eye out as well as to keep him company.
“Bottoms up.” John said and both men threw back the liquid in a quick motion, slamming the glasses back down.
“Urrg.. Yeah, this isn’t working Sherlock, I need to lay back down.” John groaned. The position he was in putting too much stain on his ribs, making it difficult to breath.
“You aren’t hurt are you?” He asked as he looked for cuts or bruises that might be visible, but he was quickly interrupted by Sherlock’s hands softly grasping him by the shoulders as he heard a soft.. laugh?
John did his best to supress the soft blush rising in his cheeks, thankful Greg would probably write it off as heat form their run. “Yeah, yeah. Definitely.” He answered and put his own phone away.
John’s heart wrenched at the sight. Without a word, he walked over and sat on the armrest at Sherlock’s side and gently placed his arms around the slight framed man in a comforting way and pulled him close to his chest, kissing the top of the dark curls. Sherlock didn’t offer him as much as a glance.
John’s lips thinned as he continued to look around the room. “Nah, I don’t think so. I think he’s been away longer than that.” He said, feeling a little guilty that he hadn’t actually registered how long Sherlock had been gone in his rather tipsy state, only that it’d been a fair amount of time by now.
They quickly located Charlie who was busy bashing everything in his way with a steal pipe he must have picked up somewhere. Currently he was working on destroying on of the buildings many titanium chimneys. The boy was heaving and grunting with the effort, swinging with all his might, each hit echoing loudly into the wind. It was obviously an attempt to let out his frustrations and sadness that was etched so clearly in his entire person. Charlie didn’t even realise he was no longer alone he just kept on his oneman rampage.
“What the hell!” She exclaimed and started pulling at the door, lighting the handle up with her phone, the only light in the room. It wouldn’t budge of course, she’d heard it being locked after all. Sally could feel her heartrate starting to elevate but forced herself to take deep breaths. “Robertson, let me out this instant, that’s an order!” She commanded with a greater authority than she felt at the moment.
John is grateful for the strong arms of his boyfriend that makes him feel safe and loved when he needs it the most.
Sherlock can feel a wet spot forming and spreading on his shoulder and tightens his protective hold around the now shaking form in his arms.
Just as he lowered his head in acceptance, his eyes pinched shut tightly in a desperate attempt to disconnect from his body, an outright roar echoed loudly in the narrow space.
He found a spot, hidden away in a booth, were he could just make out the words exchanged between the two and sneak a glance.
Anderson looked at him in horror. “Are you crazy? She’s way to pretty for me, why would she even talk to me? I told you first impressions aren’t my forte.”
Sherlock said while his hands never stopped working, hurt evident in his voice. He just couldn’t stand seeing John,
“Oh, I wish I could get my own hands on that twat who did this to my boy!” Mrs. Hudson interrupted and gripped his arms tighter around Sherlock’s in a protective way. “Detective inspector is there no way he can get him the electric chair?” She asked seriously.
As Sherlock wandered down the hall in search of coffee he pulled out his phone to send a quick text to John to let him know he’d be staying late at the hospital. Another habit John had worked hard to teach him as the good doctor has a tendency to worry excessively when not knowing where Sherlock is. Probably a side effect from the two of them experiencing too many kidnappings than should be possible. Granted that Mycroft is behind several of them, but still.
“You’re testing my patience Mycroft. You can’t just kidnap me at every your every whim and expect I’ll come running like a loyal dog each time.” John growled, not even trying to hide his irritation of the whole situation.
Sherlock sat on the couch, a soft pillow in his lap and the head of John Watson resting on top. Both men were clad in a t-shirt and a soft pair of pyjamas pants. The detective ran his fingers steadily through the soft grey-blond hair as his listened to his lover’s soft breathing. John wasn’t asleep. The morphine had significantly helped to manage the pain and made the doctor accordingly lightheaded, but he’d still trouble finding rest. Their bedroom upstairs had been unpleasantly cold and the last thing John needed right now Instead Sherlock had brought down their pillows and John’s cover. He prompted John to lay down on the couch with his head in Sherlock’s lap to help him relax and the cover pulled around him. The detective assured John that he had no problem staying up himself, offering John the comfort he needed at this time.
They jumped out of hiding in a blur of motion. Immediately as the emerged a gunshot rang out and could be heard ricocheting off one of the machines near them. John quickly pulled them behind another machine a few feet ahead of them. They sat there for a few moments, recollecting themselves. John quickly looked Mycroft over, making sure he was still uninjured since it was him the sniper was after. After a few moments, John counted again and they were moving. This time John pushed Mycroft slightly ahead of himself to shield him, making it harder for the sniper to get a clear shot. He hoped the Russian would have an honour codex that’d deny him to shoot any other but his target. Unfortunately, this didn’t seem to be the case as yet another shot rang out, this time flying dangerously close to John’s right temple. Once again, they both dived behind the next cover they came to, finding a momentary safe spot.
John squeezed both of Mycroft’s shoulders a little tighter and offered him the most reassuring smile he could muster at the moment. “Yes you can and you will Mycroft.” John chewed his bottom lip for a few seconds as he thought of the next words to escape his mouth. “I know how much you care for Sherlock and I
At that Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly in surprise, but quickly reigned himself in once again. John noticed him swallowing before speaking softly. “Love? You think Frodo.. Loves Sam?”
Sherlock pushed on. He knew deep inside of himself that this conversation would either make or break them. This was his only chance to win back and keep John Watson or lose him forever.
“There’s just no point anymore..” He muttered sadly, still looking down. “No one wants me.. All I ever do is cause misery and trouble. Maybe it’d be better if I just wasn’t here anymore.”
“My apologies, André may I introduce John Watson, my partner in both my work and my life.” The detective said with great warmth and joy, making John’s heart swell a bit. “John, my old violins tutor André Salieri.”
As John and Sherlock both made their way into Greg’s patrol car, both men relished in knowing how many people would always have their back.
“No I don’t think you understand John. Ever since I met you.. Since the very first day you walked into my life that day at Bart’s I haven’t looked yet alone touched even a milligram of cocaine. I haven’t even felt the slightest effect of withdrawal symptoms since I first laid my eyes on you. I don’t know how, but you immediately filled up a void inside of myself that I hadn't even been aware existed. You completed me right there like the final piece of a puzzle and you did it without even trying. So John.. My dear John.. Please believe me when I say that whatever horrid lies and evils I so carelessly let escape my lips tonight were just that.. Because you may not know it John Watson, but you have saved me a thousand times over and I love you.”
“Dr. Watson! Can you please come quick? Detective Inspector Dimmock’s boy is having some kind of attack!!” She said in nearly one breath.
“Sorry Mrs. Hudson, but that’s my offer. Either you let me help you through the day or I’m calling John right now.” He said with finality.
His voice held a hint of a certain acceptance that Sherlock didn’t like one bit. “Charlie listen to me.”
Lestrade took a seat in Sherlock’s leather chair. Sherlock motioned for Mrs. Hudson to come sit by his side on the couch and Molly sat down beside the landlady. John quickly handed out hot cups of tea to all the new arrivals before taking his own seat in his armchair.
John immediately let Sherlock into his arms and allowed him to cry silently in his chest. To many people thought Sherlock to be heartless and immune to insults because of his distant attitude towards many daily life things and yes, normally the man is able to shake of the frequent insults, but Sherlock is still only
Later that night John finally came home after a 9 hour shift feeling tired and used and he immediately flopped down on the sofa of 221B. Shortly after he was joined by this favourite detective, who lifted up his legs to sit down before placing the limbs back down.
“Hardly sexy John and you can’t grow too used to them, they’re only reading glasses. I won’t be wearing them all the time.”
Sherlock stood frozen in place while he watched with an aching heart, as John stubbornly dragged himself up into a standing position with the aid of the doorframe and leaning heavily against it. A look of shame and embarrassment now joining the mixture of emotions on the doctor’s face before he started to slowly make his way down the stairs.
The boy looked frustrated. “I don’t know how bloody old he is! 30ish I guess?! He’s tall and skinny and have dark brown curly hair! I don’t think he knows the other man because he was fighting to get away from him, but couldn’t. He could hardly talk and he couldn’t walk by himself, it was kindda like he was super drunk or like.. Really stoned out..” The boy paused in his rant, his complexion taking on a greyish note as he continued. “And the man was saying some really fucked up stuff about him having a nice ass and.. That he’d make it good for him too if he behaved..”
Sherlock looked a little skeptical, but at least he’d calmed down a bit. John’s gentle touch and insistent eye contact helping greatly. “Really?” He asks in a small voice. John smiles a little wider, his eyes going soft as he answers. “Really, I promise. Frodo have been burdened with many things, but he finds out he can face them all as long as he has Sam with him and..” John paused for a short while, his heart hammering just a tad harder as he considered his next words with care; “And I think the bond Frodo and Sam shares are like no other. One might even go as far as to say, that Frodo loves Sam with all his heart, though he might not be the best at showing it.”
John quickly tried to slam the door shut again. Sherlock couldn't see him like this! He was so damn weak and pathetic and Sherlock had already made it quite clear how many shortcomings and flaws he was already in possession of. The last thing he needed right now was giving the detective more ammunition to rip the rest of him apart. But before John could fully close the door Sherlock was already been prepared and shoved his foot in-between the frame and door, ignoring the pain traveling up his leg as John desperately tried to push it closed anyway.
“Oh it isn’t farfetched.. You both reek of your overpriced Calvin Klein perfume and judging from the intensity of that smell and the darkness of the hickey poorly hidden under Anderson’s scarf I would say it haven’t been more than approximately 2 hours since you two went at it inside the office supply room, from which I assume those ink stains that can be found on the hands of you both, is from” Sherlock said in nearly one breath.
Sherlock burst through the doors of the homicide division at Scotland Yard, closely followed by John. The entire staff there were running around franticly and the whole scene was a whirl of barely controlled chaos of people shouting, phones ringing and constant updates announced openly. This was much different from the calm and controlled environment that was normally upheld in the division, but that had always been a contribute possible by Lestrade’s leadership and ability to keep things in check under pressure. And this was the precise reason for the chaotic condition in which the whole department now found itself. Lestrade had been missing for the last 48 hours. A video disk, sent anonymously in a blank envelope, had arrived at the office only one hour ago showing a badly beaten DI tied down, slumped in a chair in a dark room, illuminated by a single lightbulb hanging from a concrete ceiling. That was all the information Sherlock had so far and he was all but fuming as he marched straight through the frenzied workspace, directly towards sergeant Sally Donovan’s small office.
“Hello Mrs. Hudson.. Err, not to sound rude or ungrateful, but what in the world..?”  John started, but didn't even get to finish his question before Mrs. Hudson answered.
It was nearly 3pm in the morning before Sherlock finally made his way into bed next to John, who’d been sleeping blissfully through the whole nights’ ordeal. The doctor however awoke slightly as his detective snuggled close and wrapped his tanned, strong arms around his lover. John yawned and spoke softly into soft, brown curls; “You’ve been up late, do I want to know what you’ve been doing to have kept me waiting for you so long?”
For a while the two men sat together and talked about various topics, including a nostalgic remembrance of their university days where they’d both played on their respectable rugby varsity teams. After a while though John couldn’t help but noticing that Greg seemed a bit more reserved than usually when they went out for drinks. The detective always brought a sense of humour and cheerfulness wherever he went, when off duty, easily attracting a crowd of people who enjoyed his presence. With a job as Detective Inspector, Greg had to be very serious and authoritarian when on the job so it was no wonder he liked so shed that persona when in private and being among friends.
“Yes sir!” The first said. “Right away sir!” Said the other. Both their eyes shining with admiration and did as they were told.
I’m sooo sorry this took so long, but this chapter was a lot harder to write than I first anticipated. While the title of the story is ‘5 times Sherlock Holmes was there for somebody’ this chapter also contains a lot of details of Lestrade being there for Sherlock in the past. I really wanted to explore the relationship between Lestrade and Sherlock. I may have made Sherlock at bit too OOC in the chapter, but I really just liked the idea that Lestrade being captured and tortured would effect Sherlock more than other’s might think, so I went with it.
It didn’t take long for the medicine to take effect and to everybody’s relief Daniel’s breathing started to even out and the swelling around his throat to go down.
“You've got no idea!” John exhaled exhausted into the detective’s neck – relishing in the fact that he had finally made it home to his lover’s arms after what had seemed like an endless, bloody crappy day!
John made up his mind and drowned the last of his beer and put the empty glass on the table. After a quick return to the bar where he ordered two shots of bourbon he made his way over to Anderson’s corner. He placed one of the shotsglasses in front of the man.
“Why so uptight love, we’re just having a nice conversation here aren’t we?” John lifted his hand from the bar and started to reach out for the woman’s thigh. This being Anderson’s sign to act. Just as planned, a hand reached over and grasped his right shoulder, turning him around before his hand found its destination.
“Of course I don’t John. On the contrary, I found the gesture very sweet and endearing.” The detective said and kissed his doctor again.
She was still fuming silently as she reached her destination. She opened the door to the tiny room, filled with all those small essentials for every larger office. She reached for the contact to light up the small space, but to add to insult the small lightbulb did not work. Sighing for maybe the hundredth of times she turned on the small flashlight on her phone to illuminate the small space. There had to be hundreds of items stacked on the many shelves and the pens were nowhere in sight. She stepped into the room to continue her search, but just as she entered the door slammed behind her and to the sergeant/ DI’s fright heard the lock click and muffled voices penetrating the door.
As Sally lay in bed that night she reflected over the days events. The uncomfortable feeling of residue fear had still not completely left her system and she honestly wouldn’t know what she would’ve done or what would’ve happened if Sherlock hadn’t come to her aid when he did. The detective had been surprisingly good at helping her through the worst of her panic and she had to admit, she’d felt completely safe in his arms as he’d calmed her down. Normally it’d have taken her hours to compose herself after such an intense panic attack, but Sherlock had been really comforting. They’d never been big fans of each other, but lately is seemed like things were beginning to shift in their perception of each other. It was.. Good.. And when she’d needed him he’d been there for her. At that point Sally silently swore to herself, that in the future she’d at least try to be there for Sherlock if need be.
“Right, follow me. I’ll show what we got so far.” Sally answered with determination as she made her way out the door, Sherlock and John hot on her heels.
“I.. I apologize. John is right, you didn’t technically do anything wrong. Arguing is not helpful for our current situation. We need to find Lestrade and therefor I need every price of information and data you’ve gotten so far, no matter how small or insignificant you think it is. For the beginning though, draw me the big picture and show me the video that you received this evening.” Sherlock said finally with more composure than he felt, but he needed to pull himself together. For Lestrade.
“John don’t you dare! I will never hear the end of it!!” Sherlock exclaimed and then jumped forward to try and take away John’s phone to delete the evidence.
“Oh he’s in the kitchen finishing dinner, I hope you’re hungry dear.” Mrs. Hudson chimed cheerfully.
First when he heard the worried outburst coming from the door did John register that he was no longer alone. He slowly lifted his head to see a worried Sherlock quickly discharging himself of his long coat and blue scarf and carelessly toss them to the ground before rushing to his doctor’s side.
Suddenly a window a few stories up had its’ lights turn on, casting a very soft shine into the darkness, allowing Charlie to see the two men a bit more clearly. He had to supress a cry of surprise when he immediately recognized the slender figure as Sherlock. He’d no idea who the other tall bloke was, but he sure as hell knew it wasn’t Sherlock’s boyfriend John Watson. So, when the tall goon buried his nose deeply into Sherlock’s pale neck and inhaled deeply and said;,
“Fine! But this better not take too long. These bacteria cultures needs to be regularly monitored and their growth progress noted during the next 12 hours.” Sherlock said as he threw on his Belfast and wrapped his long neck protectively in his warm scarf.
Right now, there were no cases making him run through half of London and John felt the satisfaction of relaxing after a productive day, safe from the chill of the weather outside. But even though it'd been nice to have the flat to himself for once he kind of wished Sherlock would return soon so they could enjoy a nice evening in, maybe order some take-out and then some crap telly cuddling.
hurt Sherlock in any way. I’ll love and protect him till the day I die! I need you to know, that as long as I’m breathing I’ll never allow any harm to come to the ones I love or care about.. That includes you. So you
John nodded in approval. “Good. When you hear me firing, you run! That should draw his attention away long enough for you to get out.” John said.
“Are you sure you’re alright love? You look flustered, do you feel sick?” John asked, his doctor mode taking over when he noticed the way his lover’s fair skin looked red and heated, maybe he had a fever. That might also explain the odd behaviour.
“What about that cute brunette at the bar? You should go chat her up, offer her a new drink.” John suggested with a sly smirk.
“John please! Please listen to me!!” Sherlock begged through the small gap, his eyes pleading as much as his voice.
Sherlock placed a gentle hand on the small of John’s back, letting John make the trip down the stairs by his own, but still staying close enough that the doctor could choose to lean into him if he needed the support.
“No.” He said curtly and turned his eyes away again and rested his elbows back on the bar with a bored expression as he settled to wait for service.
“It’s good to see you André, I can see you’ve done well for yourself these past years.” Sherlock said while still in the midst of their embrace.
“There’s an old wall clock hanging right behind me, smack in the middle of your visual field. So unless you’re severely nearsighted or right out blind you can’t not know what time it is already. I do however know your eyes work perfectly well because your pupils have dilated approximately 30% since you started talking to me, more so than can be justified by the dimmed lighting, indicating you find me physically attractive. Your attempt to use psychology and provoke me into unconsciously fight to win back your approval by claiming you had no intention of flirting with me when you first approached me is dully noted, but as I just told you.. Not interested..” Sherlock shot off in a cold, deductive manner and then turned back to the screen on his phone.
“No really, I’m serious. I’m sorry about before okay, I’ll back off I promise. You’re not interested, I get it. But I feel really bad, just let me make this up to you and then I swear I’ll leave you alone.” The man said in a solemn tone, his flirty smirk gone and a serious look in his eyes.
“You had to run to the surgery, you fell, tore your pants and skinned your hands.” At this Sherlock gently took one of John’s hands and gently kissed the raw skin of the palm.
“You did.” Lestrade smiled. “In your own small ways.” The DI shifted slightly before continuing, his voice serious; “I’m proud of you Sherlock. I might’ve helped you out a bit at the start, but look at you now. You’re surrounded by friends, you and Anderson even get along at crime scenes and John.. John might be the best thing that’s ever happen to you.” Sherlock smiled softly at the mention of John. “Like me, he saw the real you behind your sociopathic façade and he helped you become this great man I see today. That’s all I ever wanted for you.” Lestrade finished.
“Of course, excuse me John, this is Ethan Davis. He’s American and have just moved to the UK and joined my division, so this is his first case working with us.” Greg introduced before turning to the man named Ethan. “Ethan, this is Dr. John Watson. He and Sherlock are our freelance partners that I told you about. They’re a great addition to our investigations and works effectively with the whole division. They’re the best at what they do.”
Sherlock and John spend a good while examining the body, the cause of death being obvious. She’d clearly died from blood loss from her slit throat. John checked for other factors such as outer signs of poisoning or trauma, but found nothing. Sherlock started rambling off his different findings across the room, but he was still unable to conclude how the room could have been locked from the inside and in extension how the killer could have executed the murder.
Sherlock greeted Sally Donovan with a firm stare and a slight nod as he entered the offices of the NYPD’s homicide division. The sergeant replicated the gesture her own stare on the cold side. Ever since John had rescued her from being struck down by a car four months ago and the time Sally had defended John so fiercely when that bastard Ethan Davis had insulted him after damaging his injured shoulder, the pair had had a sort of truce between them. Sally no longer greeted him with ‘hello freak’ or referred him as ‘the psychopath’ anymore. In turn Sherlock no longer undermined her work or deduced her private affairs publicly. It had worked out relatively fine for most part, but after Sherlock had accused her of incompetence and uselessness when Lestrade had been kidnapped only three weeks ago it had made a huge crack in their already brittle ceasefire.
"I had to go tell the parents.. His mother collapsed to the floor in despair and I could do nothing but apologize and bloddy condole! Oh God.." John sobbed, his voice tight with frustation and anger aimed at himself.
John smiled, but the smile soon turned into a groan as rubbed his eyes with his one hand. The last 15 minutes had been very intense and on top of already being sleep deprived John felt dead on his feet by now. Sherlock was quick to join his side and wrapped one of his arms around his doctor’s waist.
“Sure, I don’t care either way.” Sherlock huffed and immediately went to get his violin, refusing to acknowledge John any further.
Charlie hesitated for a few moments, but finally took Sherlock’s hand and let himself be helped down from the ledge. Sherlock and Dexter both let out a silent sigh of relief. The detective immediately put his arm around the shoulder of the boy and held him close both to comfort Charlie who’d started shaking, but in some way also to comfort himself to make sure he really was safe as all three started to make their way down the stairs of the warehouse to catch a late night cab to deliver Charlie safely back to his foster parents.
“Wakey, wakey detective inspector. You’re on camera, you need to say hello to your audience.” The cameraman laughed as he clumsily zoomed in on Lestrade’s face.
Speaking of John he had to locate his doctor as quickly as possible so they could be on their way as soon as possible.
“John?! John what’s wrong?!” Sherlock asked in a panicked voice as he watched his doctor take himself to the left side of his chest.
“Hey John. Good one today. I’d imagine Sherlock been acting like a kid on Christmas with a case like this.” She joked good heartedly, chuckling at her own joke. John let out a small snicker himself. “Yeah he’s excited alright. Poor woman though. I researched her a bit on the way here, widowed, no kids, relatives or close friends to speak of. Being all alone in such a big house. She must’ve been very lonely and then to die like that.” He commented.
Finally they reached their destination, a small terraced house on Knightsbridge. Even though it was late, almost 1:30pm at night, all lights were still on inside. Sherlock paid the cabbie his fare and exited unto the pavement with Charlie ahead of him. Once the cab was gone Charlie and Sherlock stood still and looked towards the house. Charlie looked pensive and slightly scared and Sherlock watched the young boy, simply waiting for Charlie to gather himself enough to approach the house.
“Alright, alright” John laughed. He couldn’t say he didn’t like Sherlock’s reaction to his new transformation. This was definitely a big bonus.
Mrs. Hudson didn’t answer, but her eyes shined bright with an unshed tear of happiness as she leaned into the embrace with a wide smile. John watched the scene with fondness, his love for Sherlock Holmes suddenly growing impossible stronger. No matter what the detective would ever claim, Sherlock Holmes was the farthest from a sociopath anyone could be, that much was clear. He’d simply been burnt and hurt by a world too many times to let his guard down publicly. But here in the safe confinements of their home Sherlock didn’t have to hide himself. His obvious worry and care for their landlady was heartwarming and John’s chest swelled at the sight.
Sherlock’s worried voice reached across the room. Even though it was close to two in the morning, Sherlock hadn’t been able to go to sleep before John had returned home, so he had waited up for his boyfriend to return and right now, he was glad he did.
Sherlock immediately let up the pressure of his fingers again – The state of John’s shoulder was worse than earlier episodes alike since Sherlock hadn’t been home to prevent it from worsening. Sherlock cursed himself silently for not having made in home sooner. Clearly he would have to be much gentler in his approach than usually and work out the muscles little by little. No doubt it would take a long time, but Sherlock couldn’t care less, all that mattered was to ease John’s pain as fast and effectively as possible!
When John finally made it home to 221b Baker street he ran up the stairs as fast as he could. There were no lights on, but John could still make out the unmistakably shape of Sherlock slumped in the armchair.
Charlie looked up into Sherlock’s eyes. “What if they really don’t want me to stay?” Charlie asked softly, his eyes big and glazed.
John would have none of that and ripped the phone out of Sherlock’s hands, successfully gaining the attention, as well as a sound of protest from the detective, once again.
John couldn’t even answer at first. He just stood speechless with wide eyes the first couples of seconds before he finally regained his wits.
Sherlock’s eyes then turned to determination and he squeezed John’s hands back to get the doctor’s attention yet again. “Please tell me everything that happened last night.”
John however sent Sherlock a soft reassuring smile. “It’s okay Sherlock. I might not be up for a wild chase through the streets of London, but I’ll be damned if I’m going to miss this case and you being brilliant. How often do we get the chance to investigate a locked room mystery? I can see how excited you are, so don’t worry about me. I’ll be alright.” He said and offered a quick encouraging squeeze to his lover’s hand for good measure.
Sherlock supressed the impulse to wrap his arms around himself, as if to physically shield himself from the man’s greedy eyes. He was just about to tell the tosser off for calling him ‘love’, only John was allowed to call him that. The bartender however chose this moment to show up asking for Sherlock’s order. Eager to get away from the sleezy man he turned to give his order of drinks.
“You said there was no need for me in this world.. That I was an invalid useless veteran.. That you are the only reason that I still have a purpose in this life! You know why I’m so angry?! Because you’re bloody right, like you always bloody are!! Without you I’m useless.. Whatever I am in this world I am because it’s how you made me.. Without you I wouldn’t even be here… So there you have it.. You’re right and I’ve been a fool to ever think you might have needed me in any way, so I think it’s best if I’m no longer around to drag you down.. Goodbye Sherlock..”
John chewed his bottom lip for a minute, trying to figure out how he could make this happen. Suddenly he got an idea and he leaned closer to Anderson to tell him his plan. “Alright listen to me, this is what we’re going to do.”
He soon finished though, straightening out with a satisfied smirk on his face as he admired his work before he looked to John with a smug attitude. “Don’t act so surprised John. Cooking and baking is after all little else than applied chemistry, it’s no wonder I’m a genius at that too.”
He and Sherlock had assisted Lestrade and his division in an all-out man hunt on the middle-aged vice CEO of a big car dealership, Robert Singer. Singer had revealed himself as a vicious and racist serial killer. Apparently, he’d been laid off from his job one week ago, when a young afro American man had been offered his position. This had resulted in a sudden and violent killing spree. In the last week Singer had killed 3 people of colour, seemingly with no interest in their age, gender of social status. If they were black, he killed them. In John’s opinion, this was the lowest form of crime anyone could commit and only wished for the chance to wring the bastard’s neck himself.
He knew Sherlock was mad.. Very mad.. Just half an hour ago they had lost their suspect, a man named Reggie Jones in a chase. The man was a professional, highly skilled and military trained hitman who had decided to go freelance and since killed 4 people from his private (and very long) revenge list. They had been chasing his tail for the past 4 hours through the narrow alleyways, rooftops and tube stations throughout London.
Sherlock took a deep breath. It was rare that John would have to be the voice of logic and Sherlock being the one reacting emotionally. It only seemed to further show how shaken up he really felt in the moment. As he looked back to Sally he could see the mixture of shame, sadness and frustration etched into her face and tears gathering in her eyes after his harsh words. He knew it wasn’t her fault of course and there was no use in playing the blame game anyway. She’d just been the easiest outlet for his own worry and frustrations. John was right though, they needed to work together to find Lestrade as quickly as possible.
Immediately gentle warm hands started to work on the overly strained muscles in John’s shoulder, making the doctor let out a small hiss, but oh so relieved that Sherlock was back, knowing he would make everything well again.
But as he was making his way through one of the darkest alleys on his route, he heard scuffle and commotion coming further down and quickly jumped behind a dumpster to hide. He could hear two male voices echoing against the walls, one was slightly more distinct and the other sounded slightly muffled and weak. Maybe two homeless who’d gotten into a fight over a squat spot? He knew he should probably just hurry to make his way out into the lighted main street and get moving onwards home, but.. He was kind of curious. Maybe it was someone he’d know from the homeless network, if so he’d feel bad if he didn’t step in to help.
Sherlock’s eyes widened when he heard John’s name. Lestrade had clearly talked with John and knew of his whereabouts, but Sherlock could feel his heart racing in fear and worry. For Lestrade to be this angry with him had to mean that John was more affected and hurt by this evening’s events than first anticipated.
John immediately produced a cup of water with a straw and placed it to Sherlock’s mouth to drink from. Sherlock took a few grateful sips before he relaxed back into the soft mattress. The upper portion of his bed was slightly elevated, so he could return his half-lidded gaze to his doctor, still watching him intently, like John didn’t even dare take his eyes off him for a minute.
“Satisfactory I would say, the problem will be taken care of.” Sherlock stated, not giving any further details.
“.. I’m sorry.. This would never have happened if you hadn’t felt the need to protect me from this case. I should’ve been there for you..” Sherlock stated, his voice sounding like he was stating a matter of fact, but the vulnerability hiding right underneath not passing the DI by.
“Oh you are Mr Davis. I’ve arranged a nice little post for you as a traffic officer in Noida, India. It’s in a tough and terribly crime infested neighbourhood I’m afraid, but you seem to have very high thoughts of yourself so it shouldn’t be anything you can’t handle. Your plane will be leaving in 8 hours so I suggest you start packing.” Mycroft said, a satisfied but terrifying smile adorning his face.
“Ah bugger! I spilled your beer too. Let me buy you a new one as an apology.” The man then offered as he took a couple of the napkins Sherlock had gotten and started to dap away at the golden liquid from the bar.
John closed his eyes and smiled. No more words were exchanged between the two, except the continued soft moans and hums of pleasure as Sherlock continued to work out the stiffness of John’s hurt shoulder for another 20 minutes – having finally eased out most of the tension there.
Now as they walked up to the main entrance of the villa belonging Mrs. Chester, where dozens of Yarders were already gathered, Sherlock walked close up to John’s side. “John, we don’t have to be here. I could have Lestrade e-mail me the details and we can help the Yard out from home. I didn’t think this through - I can see you’re in pain.” The detective said, but made sure to keep his voice low so only John could hear his suggestion.
In a sudden moment of fuelling anger Sherlock leapt from his chair and picked up the nearest object in arms reach, which turned out to be the mantelpiece skull and tossed it hard against the wall opposite to him. A loud crack followed as it hit and acquired a rather impressive fracture. Sherlock stared at it for a while before all his energy left him once again and he crumpled to the floor, now leaning against the bottom of the chair. Briefly wishing that the skull was his own. God knows it was what he deserved after everything he had done to John tonight…
John go to stand right in front of the detective, but his presence is not even acknowledged by Sherlock, who simply continues to text away. With a deep frown John holds up the organ.
“I may’ve had a slight hiccup when negotiating with the Russian KGB. They did apparently not appreciate my resent attempt to feed them a false intel to gain the upper hand in several worldwide operations. They did offer rather specific threats on how they’d deal with the likes of me.” Mycroft explained with a certain calm, but the fear John saw in his eyes betrayed him.
“Yeah, that’d be great Greg, thank you.” John said as he tried to hide his yawn, unsuccessfully. Sherlock nodded his agreement, even he feeling tired at this point.
“You know.. You said that you should just tell me and Rob said he needed to meet with my caseworker to work out the paperwork first.. You’re planning to give me up because I’ve been to difficult to handle. Just like all the other times.” Charlie explained sadly and looked to the ground.
“Ready to go love?” John asked as a way to pull himself out of his thoughts. They had a whole night ahead of them and John intended to enjoy it to the fullest.
“I said leave, now!” Anderson growled dangerously and pushed John a bit, letting his shoulder go. Once again John put a little action into it, stumbling a bit before standing up tall again, portraying a look of anger and embarrassment. “Whatever, like I care. You can have her mate.” John spat and quickly marched away out of sight.
“She fainted John! I found her collapsed on the floor!” Sherlock interrupted and pointed to the spot where he’d found his landlady earlier in the day.
But John quickly shook his head fiercely at Sherlock’s suggestions and moved his other hand to cup Sherlock’s face gently. “No! No Sherlock. You didn’t do anything wrong love.” John said, his voice low but insistent.
“I’m talking about my fucking family!” Charlie spat the word as if it was poisonous and threw the pipe over the edge of the roof. It jangled loudly in the air as it finally hit the ground down below.
John arrives home to find Sherlock crying in the kitchen and he immediately runs to his lover’s side, eager to make things better.
Without pause the detective marched right over to the two men, pulled up at chair, sat down in front of them both and folded his hands neatly in his lap.
“So sorry miss Donovan, but we all think you might need a bit of a timeout.” One of the voices said. It was another constable named Robertson, Sally recognized.
Sherlock tightened his hold as well and buried his nose into John’s soft blond hair, inhaling deeply while his mind kept replaying “Thank you.. Oh God thankyou, thankyou, thankyou.. I love you.. I love you John Watson.. Thank you” over and over in his head.
“I am the police kid, now tell me what the hell is going on? A boy like you shouldn’t be running around making trouble this late at night.” Sally said firmly, still keeping a hold on the boy just to make sure he wouldn’t just run off again.
?!!” He exclaimed loudly in slight outrage in the way she had just explained lying unconscious on the floor as if she’d just overslept in the morning.
“No Sherlock.. First you tell me why I received a call from John one hour ago, asking me if I could come pick him up at Regent’s park where I found him freezing cold on a bench, clenching his left shoulder and unable to even take another step on his own because his bloody limp is back. Now tell me Sherlock, why the fuck is John’s limp even back? The limp you supposedly cured ages ago?!” Lestrade asked, not bothering to even try hiding his anger. He could still see John’s form before him as if the image itself was as melted on his retinas. When Lestrade had found John he had never seen any man look as broken as then. The doctor’s usually cheerful, expressive eyes had been so dull, emotionless and so completely opposite of John. His leg and shoulder paining him so much that he couldn’t even move without the heavy aid from Lestrade.
Sally nodded in agreement a more solemn smile on her lips. “Well, we’ll figure out who did this to her and at least give her justice. If anyone can do it it’s you and Sherlock.” She said.
John stood silently for a few minutes, the monotone noises of the office environment; the soft tap of multiple keyboards, the intermittent sound of ringing phones and conversing colleagues lulling him into a somewhat meditative state. It wasn’t until the young D.I Dimmock entered and walked up to greet him he fell out of his semi trance.
But Sherlock gently cupped his face in his hands and lifted the doctor’s head slowly, their foreheads nearly touching and their eyes locked tightly.
John looked to her at the table. “Is that true Mrs. Hudson? Have you been ill?” He asked, immediately slipping into doctor mode.
“Sure, that fits me fine.” The detective said. John stood up, taking their now empty glasses back towards the bar.
“This is absolutely ridiculous! I’m hardly getting any work done. You’re a doctor John, fix me!” Sherlock halfway whined in frustration.
Sherlock held out his hand, hoping for Charlie to take it. “I know Charlie.. So lets get you home, alright?”
After a while things settled down once again. Sherlock had reluctantly allowed John to keep the picture as long as he didn't share it with anyone. Mrs. Hudson finished their dinner and all 3 sat together at the table to eat and chat. Sherlock even ate without any complaints and John couldn't help smiling brightly through the whole dinner.
Sherlock was clearly trying to fight off a thick drug haze. The detective was conscious, but only partial responsive. His eyes were going in and out of focus, his blinks were slow and sluggish as was his whole demeanour overall. While Sally’s voice hadn’t brought on much of a reaction John’s voice however seemed to break through in some way.
A large hand pressed hard between his shoulderblades, pinning him firmly in place as another hand started to drag his pants further down his backside.. He could feel himself hyperventilating. Even in his half delusional, helpless state Sherlock’s mind and body still knew what was coming next and there was nothing he could do to stop it..
! He was only now starting to recognize some of the symptoms for what they really were, it had just been so long since he’d last experienced them that by now it was too late for him to react in time. Christian must’ve drugged his drink when he’d turned away for a few moments to get napkins to dry off his wet phone. He’d knocked over John’s beer on purpose, this had been his plan all along!
“When I was five years old my parents hired a young musician student named André Salieri, to be my violin tutor. Back then he’d just arrived to England from Italy in the hopes of making a name of himself in the world of classical music. But he was a young man in a new country and needed to earn money. My parents saw his talent instantly and offed him the job.”
“Wrong.. Wrong.. This is so wrong…” Sherlock’s thoughts kept repeating endlessly in his head, giving him a headache. John was gone and he had just watched passively as the love of his life had left their flat. He was Sherlock Holmes for God’s sake! Sherlock had never been a sentimental man, everybody knew that, including John and John had always been fine with it. Because Sherlock was a man of action. Instead of telling John he loved him he simply showed him. Simple things as making the doctor a cup of tea in the morning, clearing the table of experiments before dinner, massaging John’s aching shoulder after a long day of work were just a few seemingly simple actions, but coming from Sherlock they might as well have been small miracles. Besides, the small smile of love and gratitude John would send him whenever he showed a little consideration never failed to make Sherlock’s heart swell a fraction more with love along with a feeling of complete wonder as well as thankfulness that such an amazing and wonderful man, as John actually wanted a rude and obnoxious, self-claimed sociopath like himself.
“No.. No I’m fine.. It’s just you.. You look..” Sherlock stammered slightly trying to find the right words for what he was feeling.
“Sherlock, I brought you something. I hope that’s okay.” Molly spoke up next and produced a small bottle from her purse and handed it over to Sherlock.
Charlie didn’t step down but turned halfway towards the detective with a cold stare. “How’d you know? You’re a famous detective who got it all, a cool job, a nice place to call home and that twat to John Watson who loves you. I have no one.. No one wants me in their life. No one believe in me.. I’m always too intense, or aggressive or weird. No one will miss me if I’m gone anyway!”
They stayed silent for a few minutes as they both nursed their drinks further. Sherlock however could feel himself growing a bit drowsy as the minutes passed. He shook his head a bit as to try and shake himself out of it, but to no avail. Odd, he’d slept through all night yesterday and his body had never claimed much sleep to function. He could usually go much longer than this before getting tired and it wasn’t like he’d been drinking that much to justify the feeling.
"It’s alright love.. It’ll all be allright..” Sherlock whispered soothingly into the dark blond hair.
Until now John had been the calmest mannered in the room, but during the video his body language had displayed a growing red-hot anger. Sally who was normally very stoic and gathered had her eyes glazed over and a look of pure sadness etched on her face.
“I-I don’t know what’s happening! He complained his throat felt weird a few minutes ago and now he can hardly breath!!”
“I don’t care.” Was all he said. There was a limit to his civilities. He had absolutely no interest in getting to know this man at all.
Sally too seemed to shake off her unease with a determined nod and a deep breath of her own. “Right.. Our latest case is regarding a large growing drug ring in London that calls themselves The Syndicate, who mostly deals with cocaine. The organisation has more or less eliminated all competition in London. Normally we wouldn’t complain about a decreased number of drug rings and dealers in the city, but The Syndicate have accomplished their fast growing reign by brutally murdering the other reining drug lords. Now that they’re one of the only contributors in town they blend the drug with other impure substances to make their cocaine supply last longer for greater profit. This has resulted in an alarming mortality rate of people OD-ing on the stuff. We’ve been having suspicions they might soon try to export their business outside the country. DI Lestrade have been lead investigator on the case and in corporation with the narcotics division we successfully confiscated almost 300kg of cocaine hidden in an abandoned warehouse last week. You’ll get further information from the video.” Sally explained with a firm voice, but as she continued her voice grew slightly more sullen while she looked Sherlock in the eyes; “Lestrade made it clear you weren’t to be called you in for consultation on the case because…” But Sally didn’t get to finish her sentence.
“Hey love.” John whispered gently and took a soft hold on Sherlock’s lax hand that wasn’t occupied with an IV fluid bag.
Sally huffed her anger only growing, but she didn’t have the time for this nonsense. “This will have consequences when I find out who did this!” She growled with one last look around the room, before she turned on her heel to find some more pens in the downstairs supplyroom.
John chuckled at the reference to last night’s activities. Ever since John had figured out what his ‘commanding’ voice could do to Sherlock, he’d used it to his advantage whenever he could.
Davis at least seemed to be a bit embarrassed after the detective’s rant, but found himself unable to change his standpoint and face the humiliation of admitting his misjudgement and apologizing. So instead he did the only other thing he could think of. “Oh God, are you guys gay too? How disgusting.” He sneered.
“Seriously, what part of ‘not interested’ is it you don’t understand?!” He asked annoyed. Relationally he knew he shouldn’t humour the man anymore and just ignore him, but the few drinks he’d already had probably made him a bit more provocative than he normally would be.
Sherlock swallowed a few times, processing all this information. “That’s.. Good. Tell her thanks from me next time you see her.” He said, trying and suspecting failing, at hiding how moved he felt by both the DI’s and sergeant’s actions.
From his place down on the ground John then witnessed a sight he’d never thought possible. Sherlock and Sally shared a small smile between them and he couldn’t help himself.
“John! John please wait!! I Don’t why I.. I shouldn’t.. I didn’t mean it!! I’m sorry, God I’m so sorry!!” He shouted as he ran to the top of the stairs looking down at John’s retreating form from above with a look of torment on his face. But John wasn’t stopping up or even looking back, he just continued his slow descend of stairs in silence and Sherlock could only watch helplessly as John limped out the door of 221B and into the night.
But before the guilt could bite into him further John swatted him weakly on the arm before mumbling into Sherlock’s chest;
A few more minutes passed and Sherlock’s lightheadedness only seemed to grow worse and worse. He took himself to the head with one hand and tried to take some deep breaths through his nose and out of his mouth.
Ethan just barely contained the urge to bang his head against his desk as he picked up the first file to sort through. This day was just getting worse and worse.
“Morning Dr. Watson. What brings you to the Yard so early? You know, you don’t have to keep showing up after a case is closed, right?” Dimmock chuckled, amused by his own joke.
John sighed in content. It was so very rare he got to enjoy these silent moments that neither his job or his very loud, crazy, dangerous, brilliant, gorgeous roommate and boyfriend often allowed him. Sherlock had left the flat early afternoon muttering some nonsense about bone fragments, lactose doses and antibiotics before declaring loudly his need to go to the morgue and disappearing in a blur of a swirling coat, a chaste kiss and a slamming door. This had left John with almost an entire day to himself. He'd successfully reached the bottom of their ever growing pile of laundry (a great deal of which were dirty sheets he had to admit), the kitchen and living room were both tidied and vacuumed and he'd even found the time to sort out the stack of paperwork from the surgery, which he'd trailed behind on because of a stream of cases Sherlock and he had worked the past couple of weeks.
“If it weren’t for me you would be nothing more than a useless invalid veteran with a psychosomatic limp and a scarred, shattered shoulder, with no one in your life but an alcoholic, adulterous sister, living a dull, pathetic life in a world of greys, wandering around in a world with no need or room for you. I’m the one who have given you a purpose with your life again! So don’t talk about you saving me John when it is very clearly the other way around! Besides that, Reggie Jones has already killed 4 people, how many more innocent people do you think you’ve just sent to their death by preventing his apprehension today? Well done doctor!”
That was the last drop to make Sherlock’s cup overflow. Until now he’d been completely stunned into silence as even his superior brain simply couldn’t fathom how anyone could talk this way about his John. But this was too much! The detective marched all the way up to the American bastard until they stood face to face. Sherlock was practically shaking with rage and shot daggers with his eyes. “You were
“Before I met you I’d been a cocaine addict for exactly 3 years, 1 month, 12 days and 6 hours. Whenever I couldn't find suitable pastimes to occupy my mind I always turned to a heavy drug abuse. I didn't know how else to keep the chaos in my head at bay. Mycroft forced me to rehab 4 times, but I could never stay clean more than a few weeks at top. Lestrade usually was the one to find me in whatever gutter or alleyway I managed to land myself in and he always carried me home to his place to make sure I would be okay. He stubbornly denies it, but I’m one of the main reasons to blame that his marriage was ruined. His wife clearly didn't like having an addict stuffed on her couch so often, but Lestrade always refused to let me out of his sight whenever I was high. He did everything in his power to keep me occupied and thereby away from my substance abuse by finding me cases and allowing me to work with the department as much as possible. But it wasn't always enough.. I was too weak..”
“But not for the reasons you think. I’ve simply been cutting onions for the past half hour.” Sherlock said and gestured behind himself where there indeed, did sit a cutting board with a large pile of sliced up onions.
“Molly, are you okay?” It was a mindless question to ask as he already knew the answer and the cause, but John had advised him to let people share their own thoughts. Apparently, most people didn’t appreciate having their personal problems deduced and announced publicly and clinically.
Now John eyes turned to anger, but clearly not anger directed at Sherlock, cause his gaze turned distant as he answered. “We were out with Lestrade and the rest of the yarders for drinks. When you went downstairs to get drinks some bastard slipped a high dose of GHB into your scotch and managed to manhandle you out of the bar to an alley a few blocks away. Luckily Charlie saw the two of you and knew something was very off and he managed to run away to alert Sally to the situation back at the bar. But he.. He almost.. If I’d gotten there just a minute later..” At the end John’s angry look crumbled back into grief and guilt and unable to finish his sentence.
Sherlock could feel a cold dread slowly spreading from the pit of his stomach. His inner alarm bells blinking and ringing loudly throughout his system, warning him to just get away from this man
It wasn’t until a few days later when John came home from his shift that the doctor found his genius bend over the microscope once again in the kitchen, his back facing John.
John nodded his approval of this. Dimmock sent him a last glance and a mouthed ‘thank you’ once again as he followed his son and the paramedics down to the awaiting ambulance. Just as they exited Lestrade walked in, looking very confused.
John was not one to flatter himself, but it was obvious that since his arrival Sherlock had been able to offer up more of his true self more and not just to John but Mycroft, Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson as well. To be one of the chosen few to be allowed to fill such a big part of Sherlock’s life was all he could hope for. So John fought to keep his feelings buried as deeply as he could and carried on like the soldier he was.
“Sherlock, what’re you doing here? Is everything alright?” John asked when he reached his boyfriend.
Sherlock cleared his throat and looked to Lestrade. “What you did… What you all just did..” He turned to indicate the rest of the yarders in the room. “That was.. Good. Thank you.” He said softly.
“Sorry Sherlock, but if my differential diagnosis is correct I don’t think I’m the kind of doctor who can help you. Sounds like you need to go to an optometrist love.”
“Jones was slowing down! I was gaining up on him!! I was this close to catching him!!” Sherlock sneered as he held up his thumb and index finger with a tiny gap for illustration, right up in John’s face.
Mrs. Hudson made a noise of disapproval. “Sherlock no, there’s really no need to bother poor John. I’m fine really, don’t worry about silly old me.”
Now as the DI lay alone, sleep rapidly creeping in on him, he took a moment to appreciate the man Sherlock Holmes had become. Sherlock might think he had been the one who saved the detective, but Sherlock Holmes had saved him too in so many other different ways. Tonight only adding to the list. He would make sure the detective got to know that.  Just as he was about to fall asleep, the door to his room opened and a figure entered only to close the door softly again. Lestrade didn’t even have to open his eyes as the figure took a seat by the bed and gently took a hold of his limp hand. Lestrade smiled softly into the darkness. Yes, he was grateful for all the Holmes present in his life.
“Something came up that required my immediate attention, luckily it was an easily fixed problem.” Sherlock said with a straight face. John however quickly coughed into his hand to camouflage his embarrassment. The detective’s hidden meaning not lost on him.
“Bloody hell..” John cursed softly between his teeth. “The Bastard must have grazed my side with his sidemirror.” He finished. He just hadn’t felt it in his adrenaline fuelled state. Now as the adrenaline wore off he could feel the pain starting to blossom fiercely across his chest region. He definitely had some broken ribs, of that he was sure.
As his head started to clear a bit John noticed he was lacking the warmth of his beautiful detective besides him. He however quickly located the man as a distressed voice filled the room; “No, no, no.. This is WRONG!” John was immediately alert then. He quickly did a quick scan of the room to find Sherlock and the source of the man’s distress. Sherlock had moved to sit on the coffee table, closer to the TV, his focus completely pinpointed at the screen. His hands were in his hair as if he was frustrated. John then realized it wasn’t an outer source that was plaguing him, it was obvious the current scene playing on screen.
“I bet the whiskey is for you. You strike me as that kind of posh, pretty fellow who’d enjoy such an expensive, fancy drink, am I right?” The man asked, still smiling that eerie smile of his.
John barely heard the sentence to and end before he sat down his coffee, nearly spilling it all over a deputy’s desk and ran as fast as he could towards Dimmock’s office, with Sherlock close behind. John rushed through the open door and indeed, in the middle of the floor sat the young Daniel, wheezing loudly and fast, tears running down his cheeks. Dimmock were kneeled in front of his boy, trying to help him, but looking panicked and scared out of his mind. When John entered, he looked up, fear in his eyes.
Shouts of horror, curses and warnings alongside the noisy engine filled the cold night air. Among the many voices, John could make out Sherlock’s fearful yell.
“Oh God..” John moaned in pleasure as Sherlock found a particularly stubborn knot in his shoulder - working it out gently and skillfully before moving on to the next.
Sherlock hadn’t uttered a single word since he had arrived, he only sat motionless in the armchair with what would for most people seem like an emotionless mask, but John wasn’t most people. He knew Sherlock better than anyone else and he could easily see the hurt and anguish that lay hidden in those bright eyes.
“I’m sure the bacteria will behave nicely until we come back love.” John sighed, but with a smile on his face.
I don't know if all the medical references in this chapter is 100% correct, but is written with my best knowledge. Hope you enjoy!
“John has an old injury on his left shoulder where he was shot during his military service. The suspect landed on this injury and caused John significant discomfort. That’s all you need to know for now.” Lestrade explained shortly, seeing as he couldn’t deny his officers at least some kind of explanation. John was
Finally looking up Sherlock’s thoughts were proven right, but he still couldn’t keep the surprise of his face when seeing the man standing in front of him, now rubbing the slightly sore point of contact right above his right pectoral.
Sherlock and John both ran over as Lestrade was placed on the stretcher. Some of the officers tried to stop them but Sherlock was having none of it;
Reluctantly the paramedic nodded and Sherlock climbed along into the back of the ambulance, his hand still firmly holding on to Lestrade’s all the way to the hospital.
Sherlock squeezed his shoulder comfortingly. “I’m sure if you tell them how you feel and continue to make an effort to behave they’ll never wan’t you to leave Charlie.” He answered and offered a reassuring smile.
“So, what? Is this meant to be some kind of ‘Hurt-my-brother-and-I’ll-hurt-you’ kind of talks?!” John exclaimed affronted.
“Finished, by tonight – or else!” Dimmock barked out harshly one last time and then continued on his way without looking back.
“Greg..” Sherlock started softly, surprising the DI. Sherlock hadn’t used his first name in ages and back then it had only been when the detective had lain emotionally and physically wrecked, after crashing from a particular long cocaine high.
While out for drinks with John, Lestrade, Sally and the rest of the yard a man spikes Sherlock's drink at the bar and drags him with him. Very. Bad. Mistake...
She weaved a hand in dismissal. “It’s nothing John really, I just felt a little lightheaded this morning. I feel much better already, there was really no need to bother you at work.”
“My Gods it is you!” André almost ran the last two steps and threw both his arms round the tall man’s neck and even had to stand on the tip of his feet to reach and padded his former student lovingly on the back in sheer joy.
“Thanks John.” Anderson said. “I just have to grab a few things from the van, I’ll join you guys in a bit okay?”
“But it really doesn’t matter Sherlock – I love you just the way you are, sociopathic behavior and everything. You’re brilliant, amazing, gorgeous and so much more. You saved me from my loneliness and the tedious reality I called my life.. To me you’re perfect.” John whispered the last bit, feeling a little silly being so sentimental, knowing Sherlock had never been a big fan of sentiment in the first place, but it was the truth none the less and John wanted Sherlock to know.
John, in pain. It simply broke his heart and he wanted nothing more than make all that pain disappear.
“2.. An elder mand and.." John swallowed "And a small boy…” He finished, a fresh wave of tears rolling down his cheeks once again.
The car parked right in front of the entrance to the opera and the chauffeur quickly got out to open the door for the detective due, letting them out on the red carpet leading up the grand stairs. John almost felt like a royalty. This night had started out very well indeed!
“Luckily for me you came along and filled a void in me I had not allowed myself to acknowledge. But I always kept track of him and his rising career as the years went and when I heard he was coming back to London to preform I.. I guess I just thought..”
In the span of seconds a range of emotions could be read on the young boy’s face; fear, realisation that he’d been caught, panic before settling on rage. He quickly grasped the first item he could find to use as a weapon, which happened to be a lead pipe that’d been laying on the ground and charged at the nearest of the men, a silver haired man in a worn suit. Not ready to go down without a fight.
“Having some problems doctor?” Sherlock smirked and held the doctor’s eyes through the mirror in front of them.
“My fault? And how exactly was it my fault Sherlock?” John asked in a calm but challenging voice. A voice, which back in his army days, all his subordinate as well as his superior officers had learned to respect and obey without questions asked. Sherlock however seemed unmoved and continued;
"He was 10 Sherlock.. Only ten years old... He would have turned 11 next week - he told me he wished for a puppy that his brother would come home from USA to celebrate him.. And I lost him.. I lost him…” John sobbed into the chest in front of him with a voice rough with exhaustion and sadness.
At least she had the decency to look up from her phone for a minute to spare him a glance of total indifference. “He’s in there.” She said and nodded her head in the right direction, indicating the nearest building that towered right next to the harbour edge. “He just said it was high time the two of you had a chat. I’m sure it won’t take long.” She finished, clearly feeling like she’d explained enough and returned her full attention to the screen of her phone.
Finally an update! Sorry for the wait guys!! Also my chapters seems to get longer and longer, but I can’t help it. I like to elaborate on feelings, thoughts and small details. I think that’s what makes stories better.. I hope.. XD
on your right arm two years ago by a low calibre bullet, fired by a teenager by mistake. You suffered a nonlethal flesh wound that required exactly four stitches and nothing more.” Sherlock quickly deduced taking a deep breath before continuing. “John Watson.. Was shot with a .50 calibre bullet fired from a sniper’s rifle while he was working on one of his comrades, preforming emergency field surgery in the middle of an active warzone! When that bullet pierced through him, you know what he did? He finished his job and he saved that man’s life! Afterwards he patched himself up as well as possible and he
"It was im-impossible to get a cap due to t-the rain and the subways were w-way too c-crowed to use."
“Sure.” John said as he too entered the giant house. John made his way upstairs, slightly slower than usual as to not disturb his left shoulder too much. As he reached the top he was greeted by Sally Donovan, who emerged from one of the adjoining rooms to the crime scene. She greeted him politely as he reached the top.
The bartender turned and started to fill the order, leaving Sherlock to deal with a gorilla resembling man once again.
touch him again!” The doctor growled angrily into the now completely terrified face of Anderson, who quickly nodded in agreement, not daring to speak in fright of angering the ex-soldier any further.
That was it folks! The end of the story. Thank you soooo much for your sweet comments and the many kudos! I’m so glad so many seemed to enjoy this story.
“I don’t think so, please just leave me alone.” She answered and crossed her arms protectively around herself, her body language clear.
“John..” Sherlock said, his voice worried and sad, not even able to formulate what he wanted. John however seemed to be able to read his mind. His shoulder still burned fiercely, but he was relieved just to having escaped all those stares. Sherlock and Greg he could handle.
In a few minutes, after Sherlock had entered the shower, John was taking care of the wet clothes and went to find Sherlock one of the big, fresh, newly washed towels. When on his way back, a black towel hanging from his arm, he got a great idea that he was sure Sherlock would appreciate.
Mycroft and Lestrade almost cheered in relief. It was John! In his arms, he held the unconscious figure of the supposedly Russian sniper. Three officers and Lestrade quickly reached down and pulled both men onto dry land.
Sherlock entered through the buildings automatic doors and was immediately making a face of displeasure as he was hit head on with a dense heat, carrying the scents of sweat and the disinfectant used to clean the machines, which always accompanied a gym. Just one more reason Sherlock usually tried to avoid these establishments. How John could stand to breath in his humid and foul air for long periods of time was beyond him.
“Listen I know that you’re.. upset.. But we’ll just have to put this evening behind us. We’ll catch him next time.” John tried to sound reassuring, even though he knew it was unlikely to work.
“Go away Sherlock! Leave me be!!” John shouted and tried once again to shove the door shut even though he already knew it was a futile endeavour.
John managed to get a sick tray in front of Sherlock just in time as the detective vomited what little he had left to offer of his stomach contents.
“Not your fault – it was my own choice to stay with you even though it was obvious you could have handled it by yourself.”
“Not interested.” Sherlock said simply with a disinterested tone, not meeting the man’s eyes but instead pulling up his phone from his trouser pocket to check his e-mail while he was waiting anyway, to kill time.
Sherlock awoke with a splitting heading, dry tongue and a cloudlike haze in his head. When he finally succeeded in getting his eyes all the way open it was to the pleasant sight of John Watson sitting on the edge of his, he now realised it to be, hospital bed. John was looking at him with a mixture of worry, sadness and relief.
thing about them was how they constantly trashed talked Sherlock in ways his brilliant boyfriend clearly didn't deserve. Though Sherlock rarely showed it, John
“Thought as much.” John sighed for real this time before grapping the other man's hand as they made their way through the crowded streets of London.
John watched as Sherlock swallowed once again, but noticed how his pupils dilated slightly. “I think.. Sam loves Frodo too, but never deemed himself worthy to even imaging Frodo would ever look at him that way. That one that Frodo would come to his senses and realize Sam isn’t what he wants in life and move on to someone better. Someone more.. Worthy.”
With his mind made up, Sherlock dove for his coat and scarf before practically leaping down the stairs two steps at the time, his mind already buzzing with thoughts and deductions on where John most likely would have headed. He had barely made it out the door before he collided straight into a hard chest, followed by a sharp “Oi!” from the other man. Sherlock stumbled slightly at the impact, but managed to catch his balance before landing on the pavement. For a brief second his heart leapt with hope that it might have been John who had returned home to him, but unfortunately his brain quickly caught up. The position of the chest where the two men had bumped into each other clearly showed that this man was several inches taller than John. Plus the voice of the other was much more rough-edged, not at all like the warm, shooting tones belonging to his doctor.
The moment John stepped through the door Sherlock could see it. The way the doctor slumped against the door, his head hanging low, his hands shaking..  That.. And the fact that John’s work shift at the surgery had lasted 18 hours, instead of the usual 8, all added to the conclusion that John Watson had had a more than rough day and night.
“Oh God!” Sally cried on the other side of the door followed by the sound of desperate scratching on the wood. “Sherlock?! Get me out of here pleasepleaseplease.. I can’t breath get me out!!” Sally whimpered pounding on the door.
John couldn’t help but pull Sherlock into yet another kiss after their shared confession. This movie night had turned out so much better than he’d ever imagined. When they parted once again John wanted to make one last thing clear; “I promise you Sherlock, I’ll never throw you aside or leave you. Nothing will chase me away, know that.” Sherlock smiled that wide smile only John could pull from him. “Thank you John.”
“My apologies dear John, you just make it so very easy.” Mycroft said in that smug way of his followed by his signature smirk.
I’m really sorry this update has been slower than the other, but right now I’m in the middle of writing up my bachelor that is due in February and our data analysis have been a freaking pain in the ass! So I couldn’t afford as much time to write my fiction as I would’ve liked. Again, sorry for the delay. I’ll try and write up the next chapter as fast as possible. Thank you for your patience and your sweet reviews! It makes me so happy to know people are enjoying this story so much :)
“Urghhh!!” Exclaimed in frustration as he threw his head back dramatically and rolled his eyes in disbelief, dropping his phone on the bar as before turning back to the man with a glare in place.
“Long enough.” John answered. “I was right next door you know. I could still hear everything. When the shouting began I couldn’t contain my curiosity though.”
Molly’s smile seemed to falter just a bit by the mention of John. “Right. So you and John are still..” She didn’t seem to know how to finish her sentence and a sense of slight panic arose in her. “Not that I hoping you aren’t! I was just curious as how everything is going.. With you two, you know and..” She seemed to lose her voice yet again and started to nervously fuss with a strand of her hair.
“Sherlock cooking?! That I've got to see!” John laughed slightly as he quickly pulled off his jacket and made his way towards the kitchen, but before he made it all the way Sherlock emerged.
The camera was handheld by one man as another entered the picture from the right, his face hidden under a black ski mask. Lestrade was seated, unconscious, in the middle of the picture. Tied to a wooden chair.
“Hey mate, the woman said ‘no’ why don’t you just get up and move along now?” Anderson said, his voice deep and serious. He was better at this than John expected. John stood up and turned around to face his ‘challenger’. For once being smaller than Anderson seemed like a good thing and John refrained himself from puffing himself up, letting his loose jumper hide his muscled upper body, successfully making himself seem small and puny.
"My God Sherlock! Have you been walking all the way home in this weather?!" John exclaimed as he quickly started to pry off the detectives heavy coat, leaving in on the floor for now, before grapping the long, pale, icy fingers in his own warm hands and started to rub them to get the blood flowing again.
John’s eyes widened as he finally understood what was going on and the reason for Sherlock’s unusual behaviour. The doctor couldn’t help the grin slowly spreading on his face.
“John! John! Breath, come on. I’m here, I’m right here with you. Take a deep breath.” Sherlock guided as well as he could, but it was obvious he was affected by seeing his lover in such distress.
Sherlock rolled his eyes slightly, obviously not affected so much by the cold to let such comments slide.
He sat there and tried to push away the hurt and anguish when a soft knock on the door pulled him out of his current train of thoughts. It was probably Greg coming back to check on him he realized. The man had been very reluctant to leave John at a hotel, but John couldn't face having to explain his fight with Sherlock and end up on the receiving end of what was sure to be looks of pity and sympathy. Good mate Greg, John knew he owed him big time after this as he had actually come out so late in the evening to get him without even asking a single question beforehand. He really didn't have the energy to deal with anyone right now, but still Greg didn't deserve to be sent away through a locked door. The least he could do was go out and explain to him that he needed some time alone for now.
Most of the night’s pedestrians ignored the young boy or told him to scram as he passed them, either too drunk to care or suspecting what he was doing was a sly try at a trick thieving. Sally couldn’t explain why she reacted as she did, but she quickly reached out and caught the boy’s arm before he could run past her. Her mind was telling her he was probably just a streetwise kid out making trouble and to just ignore him, but her gut told her she needed to at least hear what the lad had to say before letting him run off again. The boy stumbled slightly backwards when he was suddenly forced to make an abrupt stop, but quickly regained his bearings looking up with scared, yet determined eyes at the sergeant.
They didn’t look like homeless people the way they were dressed and while they weren’t fighting Charlie still got a chill down his spine. His instincts telling him something was very wrong.
“I prefer quality over quantity.” Sherlock answered coolly having given up on shutting the man up but still eyed him with a cold glare out of the corner of his eye. He probably wouldn’t understand Sherlock’s backhand insult, dumb as he was. It was clear he’d spent the better part of 5 minutes flexing his unnaturally large biceps in Sherlock’s direction at every given opportunity, stretching the fabric of his formfitting black t-shirt tightly over his arms in some sort of misguided hope that it’d suddenly make the detective swoon in admiration and lust. Like it would work, Sherlock had his very own fit, muscular and much more attractively proportioned soldier, doctor boyfriend waiting for him upstairs. This fitness goon, who probably did nothing else but lift heavy weights while admiring himself in the mirror could never compare to his John, not on that front or any other for that matter.
But he’s still slightly confused and goes to the other side of the coffee table to get a closer on Sherlock. As he faces the detective, John’s heart clenches in his chest when he sees that Sherlock’s eyes are misty with unshed tears, but still fixated on the screen.
“Thanks and sorry I was such an idiot. It’s just, you’re really beautiful and I just couldn’t help myself.” The man said sheepishly and rubbed the back of his neck in embarrassment.
Instead Sherlock chuckled and leaned his head to rest against the soft wool of John’s sweater, his eyes closed.
His blood froze in his veins as he not only recognized his boyfriend, looking dazed, limp and confused, but also distraught and trying to offer what little fight he was capable of in his current state as a huge man stuck his hand down the front of the detective pants. The man mumbled something John couldn’t make out before he saw him turn Sherlock roughly around, slamming him face first back against the wall before beginning to pull down his pants further with an excited sneer.
Dimmock shook his head. “No never. This is the first time he’s needed it and no, he’s never reacted on anything that we know of.”
He had sworn to himself he would never do something like this. But he had been so angry and his control had slipped just as the words of this evening had just slipped from his mouth. He realised now, more than anything, that he had truly hurt the only person who had ever made him feel loved and accepted for whom and what he was. He’d betrayed the man who had never shown him anything but loyalty, admiration and angel-like patience. A man who least of all deserved to be hurt by anyone. The first, last and only love of his life.. John.. He had hurt his John..
“Hey we were just talking mate, don’t come here and tell me what to do!” John acted up, playing his role. Anderson then fisted John’s right shoulder, not really putting enough pressure for it to hurt. John let out a pained groan and let his knees buckle a bit, making it look like Anderson was really hurting him.
Sherlock admits he still struggles with offering the ‘right’ actions of empathy and sympathy. Despite his growing acknowledgement of his own and other’s feelings, he still isn’t comfortable with overloads of sentiment and emotional outburst. But right now, at this point he did feel a tug of worry seeing Molly in such a state and felt the need to try and offer at least some kind of comfort.
“Oh my..” She gasped softly as her eyes cleared up further. “Dear.. I’ve been struggling with a headcold these past few days and it has left me a bit disorientated.” As the elder woman explained as she sat up straighter by her own, clearly regaining back her wits more quickly now. Sherlock still refused to remove his supporting hands around his landlady. “I remember.. I was just about to make you your morning tea dear, when I was hit with a sudden weave of wooziness. I poured a glass of water and made my way to take a rest on the couch. I must’ve dozed off along the way.” She finished with an air of triviality and turned her eyes back to Sherlock.
“You’re we..” But Sherlock froze in the middle of his sentence, his eyes catching something over John’s shoulder.
Finally John, his only salvation from this tedious experience, came back inside but with an apologizing look on his face.
Lestrade couldn’t supress a small huff and shook his head as he continued. “Yeah I.. I wasn’t allowed to join the interrogation because they were afraid I might jump on him again. Smart choice actually, I probably would have. Sally have taken over the case fully, she witnessed most of the ordeal so she’s going to make sure that bastard isn’t getting out for a long time.”
Sherlock sighed loudly but raised his glass non the less just to be polite. They clinked their glasses softly once and Sherlock took a large sip from his drink, feeling the need of blissful alcohol to soothe his patience after having to deal with this moron for the past 10 minutes. The amber liquid warmed him all the way down this throat and he let out a sigh, this time of delight, loving the smooth taste and slight burn the drink had to offer making him feel more at ease immediately.
Charlie rolled his shoulders and swallowed down the lump in his throat before nodding his acceptance. They both made their way up the walkway and Sherlock used the doorknocker three times to announce their presents.
As John continued to watch her he decided he’d walk over and offer some words of reassurance. She certainly looked like she could use a shoulder to lean on right about now. He started walking slowly towards the sergeant. As he got closer a soft humming caught his ears. It didn’t stay soft for long though and grew rapidly in strength. Suddenly a car skidded sharply around the corner only a few blocks away from where Sally was standing. The car slid to a halt. The high beams shone so brightly in the dark street, that John had to cover his eyes momentarily to not be blinded by them. The engine of the car started roaring dangerously, like a street race was about to go down. There was no longer any doubt in John’s mind. Though it was impossible to see for sure, he was certain Singer was seated behind that wheel and it looked like he’d just found his next victim.  John only had just enough time to yell out a warning before the car engine roared to life and the back wheels did a wheel spin and aimed towards Donovan at full speed.
Charlie returned his gaze to the pavement down below, he didn’t acknowledge Dexter’s words verbally, but his tears had slowed a bit. Sherlock picked up once again;
“Please Greg.. I.. I don’t want to lose him.. I don’t know what’ll do without him anymore… I know I don’t deserve forgiveness for my actions tonight and I don’t expect to find it either.. But please, I need to tell him how sorry I am.. I need to tell him that.. I love him… Please, tell me where he is, let me go to him..” Sherlock finished, no longer able to look the DI in the eyes.
“Sherlock..” John sighed gently. His eyes softened. “Sherlock you don’t have to..” But Sherlock cut him off with by placing a soft finger on his thin lips.
John Watson stood in front of the mirror, hanging above the fireplace in 221B. He let out a few muttered curses as he undid his sloppy tie knot and started over once again. It had been ages since he had found a need to wear a tie and he was clearly out of practice, but tonight he wanted to look his absolute best. Sherlock had bought tickets to a grand concert at the Royal opera house and the doctor was looking forward to a hopefully great date night with his favourite detective. John knew how much Sherlock himself had been looking forward to this night, ever since he’d purchased the tickets and presented them to John as a surprise. Apparently the conductor of the night was a big star in the music world and had finally made his way back to London after many years abroad.
Sherlock worked John’s shoulder for another 10 minutes before rising and walking towards the kitchen, returning a couple of minutes later with a cup of steaming hot tea and some aspirin in his hands to help the headache.
Dimmock smiled and looked down at the boy. “This is my son Daniel. Poor thing has been sick the last couple of days, inclusive all night; fever, vomiting the works. My wife is overseas at a conference and I had no luck finding anyone who could babysit him for today. I took him to the doctor’s two days ago, who says it’s an infection and started him on penicillin, but it has yet to have effect” Dimmock sighed and caressed his son’s head. “Unfortunately, since I have no babysitter, I had no choice but to bring him along with me to work today.”
“Come on, I’ll give you a lift back to your flat before heading home. It’ll be faster that way.” Greg offered.
Sally used her reacquired phone to call another ambulance and a on duty police patrol to the scene to take care of the attacker, still laying on the ground with her boss solidly planted un top of him, until backup would arrive. As John waited he found himself stroking a his hand gently down one pale, sharp cheekbone. “I’m so sorry Sherlock, I promise I’ll never let anything happen to you again love.” He promised in a whisper.
“Someone ought to teach that Donovan a lesson, show her we aren’t just her minions to treat and berate as she pleases.” Robertson said and gestured with a sharp indexfinger to mark his point.
Mycroft nodded. “Alright, I’ll get help right away. 5 minutes John. Hold on for 5 minutes.” Mycroft almost begged.
John turned to get Mycroft's attention. The poor man was still panting hard, clearly not used to such high a level of activity. John grasped both Mycroft’s shoulders and muttered lowly, with a serious face. “Listen to me Mycroft. I’m going to distract him and pull his fire away from you. When I do I need you to run as fast as you can to the exit and get the hell out of here.”
But John could not stop, would not stop. He would not allow Singer to get to Sally. The car was getting frightfully close and Sally stood still and vulnerable next to the walkway. John used the very last of his strength to spring the last few yards and tackled Sally forcefully onto the walkway. He felt a slight twinge at his left side, but not much else as they both tumbled to the ground, spinning a few times. Singer had barely missed them, but miss he did. In a desperate attempt, he tried to swing the car around to try again and for a moment John was certain this was it for both Donovan and himself, as they still lay helpless on the ground. But the car was at too high a speed and swayed too much. The car rolled over and with a loud crash wrapped itself around the nearest lamppost on the other side of the road.
John was confused at first, that didn’t sound like activities Sherlock would volunteer to do at all! What was happening? But just as his mind wondered Sherlock suddenly sprang into action, as when he suddenly realised some important detail or made a startling deduction. The detective leaped to him and gripped his arms tightly, his expression suddenly very serious and grave. “That’s right! John! Go upstairs and find you medical bag, you need to look at Mrs. Husdon, she’s unwell! I wanted to call you earlier, but she wouldn’t let me.” He said, worry evident in his voice.
“Well, if you’d take a dictate while I review these slides under the microscope that’d be great.” She answered as she slid the first sample into place. Sherlock nodded and pulled over the open laptop Molly had set up and tapped away as Molly meteorically announced her findings and notes to be taken down.
“You son of a bitch! If I can’t kill Mycroft Holmes, I’ll just have to kill you as my consolation prize!” A jagged man’s voice, with a thick Russian accent, roared above him.
“Let’s face it John, they’re right. I am a freak, misfit a weirdo... Psycopath... I do not seem to fit in anywhere.. I’m..I'm  just not.. Normal…”
The black suited man rose form the chair and leaned both hands against the umbrella in front of him. “Today you made a choice to disrespect and insult a very dear friend of mine and afterwards even stooping as low as to express aversion to his romantic relationship with my little brother.”
Sherlock claps his hands once, relieved to have his offer accepted. “Brilliant, now you go find the biopsy samples that needs to be analysed and I’ll go find us a fresh pot of coffee so we can get started.”
Dexter chimed in. “Yeah for real Charlie. Me and the rest of the gang.” He said as he referred to the other members in the network. “You always have the best stories about your shenanigans, we never had much reason to laugh until you came along. And you always bring biscuits or treats you bought with your own allowance to give out to everyone when you meet us. You might be misunderstood by your classmates, but we know behind your tough front you’re really the most generous and big hearted kid in the world. We’d all be devastated without you.”
The man smiled a more natural smile and quickly caught the bartender’s eye again to return when he could to order a new beer.
Ethan pushed away from the wall and threw his hands up in exasperation. “How come, whenever a soldier is wounded in action everyone makes such a fucking big deal out of it?! I’ve been shot in the line of duty too, but you don’t see me weeping on floor whenever someone bumps into me.” Ethan crossed his arms in a defensive stance a small laugh escaping his lips. “Shot while serving, huh? What, did someone step on his toes and had to shoot him to stop his crying?” He grinned, clearly amused by himself.
Charlie was hurrying home. He knew he’d stayed out too long past his curfew and he felt bad, but he and some mates had gotten into an intense soccer game and he couldn’t leave until they’d settled the score! He’d honestly not realized how late it’d gotten when they’d finally finished the game and he didn’t have a phone to call home and tell them he was late. His parents would surely scold him when he got home, but as long as his reason to be late was because he’d had fun with friends at a soccer game and not because he’d been out making trouble, he knew they’d forgive him quickly enough. He did however decide to take a few shortcuts along the way through some dark alleyways to save time. Dexter had taught him all the safe routes in the city and showed him which parts to stay clear from, so he didn’t feel unsafe making his way through the dark pathways.
With the pressure gone however, nothing was keeping Sherlock upright anymore and the detective slumped ungracefully to the ground with a thud.
15 minutes later John finished his small examination. He casually wrapped his stethoscope around his neck after having listened to their landlady’s lungs. “You have a very slight rattling in your lungs, your temperature right now is normal, but I bet it was elevated in the morning causing you your dizzy spell. Luckily it seems Sherlock have been a very good caretaker and done all the right things. Made sure you took it easy, kept your bloodsugar up and made sure you’ve stayed hydrated. A mild cold I’d say, you already seem to be past the worst of it so just as long as you don’t stain yourself too much the next few days you’ll be as good as always.” John concluded.
Sherlock sat on his chair, legs drawn up to his chest and head in his hands while weaves of despair washed over him. He was sad, he was alone.. He was an idiot…
Who was John Watson without Sherlock Holmes? No one it seemed. Sherlock had become such a vital part of his life without him even hardly noticing and he could no longer see how to go on without the detective. Until now John had convinced himself, that it at least it seemed like Sherlock had become as dependent on John’s presence in his life as well. But that was a lie of course.. Sherlock was still Sherlock without John at his side. Still that amazing, stunningly beautiful genius he had always been. How could John have been silly enough to believe that he’d actually made a difference in the detective’s life? Stupid.. He was so stupid and utterly useless… Yet another thing that clearly hadn't changed since his return form service..
“You overslept, sleep deprived from yesterday’s case, having lasted until 4 in the morning.” Sherlock said, feeling slightly guilty for that one since it had been him who had refused to let up the case unsolved and had dragged John across London most of the night. He had known John had to work the next day, but it hadn’t really crossed him to take it into consideration – admittedly, that hadn’t been very a caringly-boyfriend kind of thing to do.
Sighing, but carefully sidestepping the garments the doctor silently hanged his own muddy coat. He was beginning to feel the adrenalin from the eventful evening wearing off and just now became aware of how cold he actually felt in his drenched and dirty clothes as a shiver ran through his body.
Mrs. Hudson looked on with fondness as Sherlock narrated with great enthusiasm, his arms flailing and gesturing madly to add more drama to his story. She realised as she sat there, with her two young tenants that this might be the happiest she had ever been in her life. When she’d first met Sherlock a few years back he’d been a distant, pale and hollow looking man. His eyes emotionless and dulled from what she’d later learned, stemmed from prolonged cocaine abuse. And though he’d been helpful even back then, making sure her vile husband would never lay a hand on her again, it had been with a withdrawn mannerism he’d acted towards her. She’d soon realised that this was because Sherlock Holmes didn’t trust others easily. She’d decided back then that she wouldn’t let him simply slip out of her life after his help and offered him dinner, since it looked like he hadn’t eaten for days. He’d looked at her with that piercing look he still got today, seeming a bit hesitant at first, but finally accepting in the end.
At these words John breaks down in sobs again and burries his face back into Sherlock's purple shirt. Sherlock simply holds his love tightly until the sobs slowly dies. He then helps his John into their shared bedroom and holds him throughout the night as well.
As John lay there with the love of his life, the wondrous feeling of fingers shifting through his hair and with the fire crackling softly in the fireplace he took a moment to appreciate how truly lucky he was to have his detective and such good friends blessing his life.
“Good to see you Sherlock. Feeling alright?” Lestrade asked as he eyed the younger man as he took the first sip of his tea.
Sherlock cleared his throat and forced himself so stand straighter. “Yeah I’m fine.” He said as convincingly as he could.
But Sally, being in complete shock had frozen where she stood and could only find herself watching in horror as the car raced towards her, bathing her in bright light.
Mycroft and Lestrade held their breath, hoping for the best but fearing the worst as moments passed by and still showed no signs of life under the water. They’d almost given up hope when finally, a figure broke through the grim surface with a loud grasp of air.
“Woo hoo.. Sorry to disturb you boys I know you just got home, but that nice detective inspector and a young sweet girl are here asking for you Sherlock, should I let them up or?” The landlady asked gently, clearly not wanting to intrude if Sherlock wasn’t up for having visitors right away.
The two companions continued down the hallway. It was late and by now they were both eager to get home to their shared apartment to sit in front of the fire, have a nice cup of hot tea and allow the stress of the past hectic hours to drift from their exhausted bodies.
"Acceptable I g-guess." Sherlock answered nonchalantly, not really wanting to admit how much those ideas pleased him.
“Exactly. That is precisely the same case with my little brother. Since the two of you decided to upgrade your partnership to include every sense of the word, Sherlock have never bonded so well with other people. He’s happier, more sociable and his habits of dangerous self-neglect have dropped immensely.” Mycroft listed, still with his usual cool mask in place.
The perimeter was quickly secured and Lestrade was about to shout out his next line of orders when suddenly a rapid series of gunfire sounded from inside. Everything went quiet, only the whirling wind and hum from the helicopter filled the night air, as everybody listened intensely to see if more gunshots would follow. Suddenly the sound of a window shattering echoed and the silhouette of two men, grasped together were seen falling from the second floor of the warehouse, straight into the cold and dark water of the harbour below.
“But I do know Charlie.. I really do.. I know every day you live is a struggle to get through. You don’t think you’ll ever deserve love or affection, because you know you’re different than other children. Because you’ve had to face greater difficulties than any of your classmates. Children can be mean and merciless, they pick on you because they don’t understand or can’t relate to you. Of course you try to fight back, but deep down you believe them to be right about you, because it’s what you’ve been told your entire life.”
! Understand old man? They’ll have to listen to their big strong boss man, won’t they?” The last part said with great sarcasm. The cameraman laughed, clearly loving the power he held in the moment.
John agreed to the check-up and Greg supported him on the walk to the awaiting ambulance. Besides a few bruises and a slight lowered body temperature, as a result of taking a dive into freezing water in January, he was right as rain and was allowed to return home to Bakerstreet if he so wished. John opted for that as his only wish right now was to return home to the love of his life. Sherlock was sure to be worried since John hadn’t returned home to their date night without any notice or getting in touch as he usually would if he was late.
“Sherlock.” John said and Sherlock immediately gave John his full attention, ready to help as much as he could. “Go back to the offices and find a first aid kit. There should be an EpiPen inside, we need it – fast.” John commanded and Sherlock flew out the door to do so.
“Yeah, Thank you love. Damn thing wouldn’t cooperate.” John muttered slightly annoyed, but grateful for the assistance.
John placed a soft hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, making the younger man jump slightly since he had been too caught up in his discomfort to even notice his doctor’s approach. This only fuelled John’s worry since this only proved that Sherlock was more affected than he let on.
“I’m going to count to three and then you follow me okay? Keep close and keep low!” John whispered, making sure to still portray a certain calmness. It wouldn’t do him any good to have a panicked British government on his hands.
“John just saved D.I. Dimmock boy’s life, that’s what.” Sherlock started with a great deal of pride in his voice.
“I think there’s one of those dreadful James Bond movies on the telly right now if you’re interested and I called that Italian place you like for takeout half an hour ago, it should be here any minute now.” Sherlock stated simply as he picked up the remote to find the right channel.
John hurried to complete his text to Sherlock, reminding him to wipe down the dinner table before starting his experiment. He’d just finished and pocketed his mobile when Lestrade returned from the bar with two big pints in his hands and joined John at the table.
Sherlock could feel his heart drop to his stomach. Had he been using? Then why wasn’t John mad at him? How could he say he didn’t do anything wrong? He couldn’t imagine any scenario or case that would justify he’d start doing cocaine again, but apparently he’d found one, even if he was unable to remember it. But it would explain his current position and symptoms. He’d probably been close to overdose and that’s why he couldn’t remember anything and why his throat hurt. He’d had his stomach pumped! It’d been so long since he’d been in this situation, but now he recognised it for what it was.
“I said that doctor is a complete wuss. He might as well add drama queen and attention-seeker to his resume. Wailing and crying on the floor like that from a little shove. Pathetic.” Ethan stated coldly.
Sherlock took a deep breath as he made up his mind, he can’t leave Molly in this state and God knows he owes her big from all the times she’s helped him. It’s time he return some of the favours. “Let me help you then. I’m more than capable to help with the biopsy analyses, I’m sure I’ll be a proficient assistant doing autopsies and I can fill out paperwork as well as any.” He says with an optimistic air and even offers an encouraging smile in the end.
nailpolish. It’s something I’ve been working on for some time, outside work. It’s a clear polish you can put on one of your nails, it changes into a light blue colour if it gets in contact with a wide variety of commonly used drugs for spiking drinks. If you’re ever in doubt someone put something in your drink or have left it unattended, you can just discreetly stir your drink with your finger and if it’s spiked the polish will react and change colour in a span of 30 seconds.”
John opened his mouth in an attempt to greet Sherlock, but as he did all he managed was a shaky sigh as he could feel hot tears gather in the corner of his eyes.
Sherlock’s hands tightened in his unruly brown curls and the clenching pain in his chest tightened even further. That was wrong.. He no longer had the right to even think of John Watson as ‘his’ anymore. The words that had escaped his lips tonight had been cruel, harsh and entirely unforgivable and judging from the pain he had seen so clearly painted across his lover’s face, right before he’d left the flat. Let’s just say it didn’t even take a consulting detective to know he’d probably just made the biggest mistake of his life.
“Our eyes are the second most complex organ followed by the brain.” Sherlock’s voice was wavering slightly by now.
“Hey..” Sherlock rasped back only to succumb to a small coughing fit as his throat protested the action.
Sally also only ever smoked when drinking and the last couple of times she’d joined the rest of the division for drinks after hours, Sherlock and she would often keep each other company outside while enjoying their shared guilty pleasure. She’d actually begun to enjoy their little smoke affiliated talks. Ever since Sherlock had saved her from her claustrophobic panic attack a few months ago and she later found out to what extremes he’d gone to make sure the guilty party would never pull such a stunt on her again (John had told her), the sergeant and detective’s bond had been growing stronger day by day. Now that they weren’t busy being at each other’s throat all the time Sherlock had finally acknowledged that he did consider her above average intelligence and that he did find her work both competent and proficient. She on the other hand had admitted to how jealous she’d always felt of Sherlock’s ability to read a crimescene like an open book and how he could notice the smallest of details and make connections where other couldn’t, out of seemingly nothing. So now, when they both adjoined for a smoke Sherlock would deduce people or scenery outside and then tutor her in his deductive method. She’d leaned more from Sherlock Holmes in crimescene analysis than she’d leaned after years in the academy and she had become a much better cop for it.
“So it’s settled!” Sherlock proclaimed and clapped his hands once and started to look around the flat with an expectant look. He turned a few times and a bewildered expression came over him. He turned back to his landlady. “Just where do we keep the hoover?” He asked.
Still John was slightly startled when Sherlock’s eyes pined back on him, flashing with.. No it couldn’t be.. Was Sherlock really eyeing him with contempt? Sherlock was angry yes, but he’d never looked at John like that before. A small pang of pain pierced John’s heart even before Sherlock opened his mouth.
“Wake the geezer up so we can show them we mean business.” A gravelly voice sounded from the cameraman. The other man nodded and proceeded to pick up a rusty bucket that stood at the edge of the picture. He pulled the bucket back with both hands and splashed its entire content of no doubt freezing water onto the unconscious DI. Lestrade spasmed in his restraints a few times and hissed by the forceful awakening and cold shock of the water. Now that he was more upright and facing the cameraman more probably, it was easier to see the extent of damage done to his body.
“Drugged?! But no I’m.. I’m clean! I swear John I’ve been clean!!” Sherlock exclaimed loudly and sat further up in the bed. Bad idea, because he immediately fell into another, harsher coughing fit that wrecked his whole frame and provoked his headache even more.
Sherlock is not satisfied that John is spending more time i the gym than he is with him - until he is
Taking a deep breath Sherlock looked back up to find André again so he could approach his old friend. But when his eyes finally fell back on the man he was surprised to see André was already staring back at him with a look of sheer surprise and a hint of disbelief. The night’s star had completely abandoned his conversation with the man besides him and with a quick apology to his companion, started to make his way towards the detective in long strides with a smile that grew bigger and bigger on his face as he hastily approached.
I realize banishment to India might be.. A bit of an overreaction to a situation such as this but hey! I couldn’t imagine Mycroft would very reasonable when really pissed off so that’s what I went with and I honestly couldn’t think of a worse punishment than traffic managing an Indian intersection!
“It was the truth was it not?” Sherlock countered, rolling one of his knuckles gently over a spot on John’s shoulder while he talked.
John stood up from the bench with a satisfied smile, about to make his way to the leg-press machine when he spotted a tall figure in a long coat and blue scarf up on the walkway above him, eyes glued to him.
“No my friend the pleasure is entirely mine! How lovely you have found each other. I dreamt of the day my dear boy here would find that special someone who would complete his harmony. I hope you bring each other much happiness.”
Sherlock tried to keep it together but everything was swimming before him.. His vision kept going in and out of focus and he was so horrible dizzy.. The earth was shaking, or was it just himself? It was impossible to tell.. He felt a hot, disgustingly wet trail going all the way up the side of his neck. He tried to pull away from it, but the wetness followed. When it finally left his neck however, it thrusted forcefully into his slack mouth and proceeded into a onesided wrestling match with his tongue. He almost vomited from the feeling... He blearily registered a bruising force, that was holding him up against a cold, rough surface behind him.. When the wiggling wetness left his mouth, his head fell to the side and he actually did vomit a small bit. Suddenly a frightfully brute force connected with his left cheek, whipping his head to the other side. Now the whole left side of his face was burning and his ears were ringing, his dizziness even worse than before if that was possible..
“And you bloody well should have done so from the start!! I’m starting from scratch here and every hour wasted will be and extra hour Lestrade will suffer because of your incompetence!” Sherlock knew he had taken it too far when John’s captain voice cut through the air with a sharp; “Sherlock! That’s enough. Look at her for God’s sake, she’s acted in the best way she thought possible. We all want to find Greg as soon as possible and it’ll be a hell of a lot easier if we work together.” The doctor rationalised, his voice much calmer and collected.
The young boy looked a bit shyly at John, his hand still holding tightly on to his father, but eventually reached out with his other hand to shake John’s lightly. “Hello.” He said politely.
But, unfortunately, Sherlock weren’t in the apartment at the moment. He was currently running and errand to the morgue (fetching more body parts for his experiments no doubt). Right now though, John found himself deeply wishing that the world’s only consulting detective was at his side, easing this unbearable pain and chasing all those horrid memories from his mind, the way that only he could do it. Yes, Sherlock and only Sherlock could make his pain go away. Not even the warmth from the burning fireplace could do anything to soothe the increasingly painful throbbing of his shoulder. For some unknown reason, only Sherlock was able to ease his pain and never once had the man complained - Sherlock that always complained about every damn thing had never complained when John needed him and never did John have to ask when he needed the soothing and comforting touch of the detective. This John appreciated deeply because he knew, no matter how much pain he would be in, he would never be able to bring himself to
This time John did chuckle a bit. “What a bunch of nonsense. You’re a man in your best age Greg and you’re more than able to handle yourself.”
“No.. God no… You’re so amazing in every way.. And your hands are –OH GOD YES! right there Sherlock!” John groaned in midsentence as Sherlock rubbed the spot right under his shoulderblade.  “And your hands are no exception..” He finished in an exhaled breath.
John was slowly making his way towards 221B Baker St with his arms full of groceries bags. It was relatively late as work had dragged out at the surgery “Damn paperwork” John thought angrily. Then he had to rush to the store before closing time, as the majority of the content in their fridge (kudos to Sherlock and his constant need for gore filled experiments) was severed limps and organs. By now John was tired and exhausted after a long day and finally making it home should have been a relief, but John found himself already dreading what state the flat might be in after Sherlock had been alone the entire day. Once again the shooting ‘accident’ came to mind. The doctor had texted Sherlock earlier in the day, informing him that he would be home late because he was being held up at work and Sherlock had texted him repeatedly during the rest of his shift, complaining that he was bored, that there were no interesting murders to occupy his mind and that John should just ditch work and come home early. The texts however had stopped approximately 2 hour ago and even though John should  have been relieved that he could finish his work without any more interruptions it only fueled his worry even more as it could only mean one thing, Sherlock had found an outlet for his boredom. John just prayed in didn't involve another kitchen explosion as the mere thought of having to clean up before having to make dinner and then persuade Sherlock to actually eat something was almost enough to give him a headache.
Sherlock’s heart swelled with affection at John’s words. How he’d ended up with a man as good and selfless as John Watson he’d never know. “I love you.” He whispered, not able to hold back the words.
“Alright mate, steady now. On three.” Greg whispered discreetly. “1.. 2..3.” Sherlock and Greg lifted the almost limp form of John into a standing position. John let out a pained gasp as he was manhandled, but grateful to be led away from the many worried and curious looks.
“Just rest a bit John, you’re exhausted. I’ll order some Chinese. I’ll wake you up when it gets here.” Sherlock said, not leaving any room for objections.
Mycroft swallowed the lump in his throat, not at all feeling like the ice man he’d always been rumoured to be, at this moment. “Yes..” His voice sounded coarse. “yes, okay.” He agreed softly.
The melody had turned into a beautiful sonnet, portraying the detective’s mood. He still had a hard time believing John had actually chosen him to be his. And thinking back on it know, Sherlock had decided that all that pain and heartache had been worth it all for leading him to John Watson.
So hearing these two arrogant bastards speak of Sherlock in such an insulting degrading manner never failed to anger John severely, but before John could turn around and tell them to beat it. His slim limbed boyfriend had already turned around to face the still approaching officers, his face completely emotionless.
“I’ll see you tonight okay love. Remember to behave!” The doctor scolded in a teasing tone while putting his jacket back on preparing to leave.
“No, Sherlock you're not normal.." Sherlock tensed and tried to pull away when hearing those words escaping even John's mouth, but John didn't allowed him to pull away and quickly continued;
“When you arrived Sarah yelled at you for being 20 minutes late and assigned you all the patients of another doctor who had called in sick, doubling your workload.” Sherlock gritted his teeth, he never did like that blasted woman and ever since John had dumped her and especially later when she found out about Sherlock’s and John’s relationship she had been harassing John more or less on a daily basis, using her position to do so.
“Thanks love.” John said as he accepted his cup, taking a large gulp of the liquid, feeling the need for caffeine.
Sherlock in return wrapped his own arms around his former tutor and returned the gesture with just as much commitment.
All these deductions went through Sherlock’s head in seconds. As he moved quickly to answer the door he already knew who was on the other side.
Not so many years ago, Sherlock would have berated the idea of anyone telling him this would be his life in the future. Back then the only shadow of happiness he could find would be on the rare occasions Lestrade could let him in on a good case or when he’d shot his veins full of cocaine.  Back when he still believed in his ‘alone protects me’ mindset. And it hadn’t been easy to change his way of life. Mycroft had tried in a way as well as his parents, but none of them had been very adapt at handling his troubles. It’d taken Lestrade years to even gain a modicum of trust from the detective despite never faltering in his want to help him, something Sherlock had taken for granted for far too long, but was working on changing.
“Who I am is not important, you should be far more concerned about what I can do.” The man stated in a very calm collected manner, which for some only seemed to make him much more frightening.
Thermos filled with coffee – Molly is a tea drinker, only drinks coffee in the morning for the caffeine, never in the evening
“Good.” Mycroft adjusted the hem of his suit. “I would normally offer a wish of good luck in the future, but for all I care Mr. Davis. You can go to hell.”
“You sure have improved a lot mate. Not just running, but in combat as well. You should be proud of yourself.” John said, not hiding his own satisfaction with Lestrade’s results. He’d really enjoyed these last couple of months. Greg had, of course, been a great student and had quickly picked up their lessons. When John first met Greg, some years ago, they’d quickly got along. After these couple of months however, it’d really felt like their bond had only grown stronger and more profound. Sherlock dominated such a large part of his life, and he truly loved the detective with all his heat, but he had to admit it was nice having such a good friend in Greg who’d share a pint, talk sports and simply having someone who’s brain followed a more human tempo as his own.
I’ll Tell you guys I’ve never felt more creepy than when I had to google things like ‘most commonly used date rape drugs’, ‘What are the effects of GHB?’, ‘How long before GHB takes effect?’ , ‘Dosage of different nightclub drugs.’. I half expected the police to raid my apartment asking me question about what the hell I’m planning. I’ve allowed myself some leeway in my reshearsh so all data might not be 100% accurate so please don’t hang me up on any of it.
“Mydriasis, known as pupil dilatation, is a reaction caused by the sympathetic nervous system and is a common reaction in situations when one is in love and experience arousal.” Sherlock voiced gently.
“Christ.. Sherlock.. You. Are. Amazing…” John moaned in relief as Sherlock’s pale, slender hands slowly turned his pain into pure pleasure.
John stepped out of the black Mercedes and looked at his surroundings. This time it seemed Mycroft had ‘kidnapped’ him to the old harbour at the abandoned industrial sector. Huge grey buildings dominated the scene, the area smelled foul and graffiti was sprayed on several of the crumbling walls around him.
“Yes.” Mycroft whispered back. “Although I’ve never..” He couldn’t even finish the sentence, his voice filled with uncertainty.
Ethan fisted his hands under the table. “It this because of what happened earlier with that Dr. Watson? This is getting ridiculous!!” He howled.
But lately John had gotten so obsessed with his workouts that these moments had gotten too far between and Sherlock was losing his patience. Before the detective could fume further on the subject his phone chimed with an incoming text. Sherlock fished up the device from his breast pocket in his blazer. It was from Lestrade;
The day had started with both men sleeping in. John found himself being up before his roommate for once and had taken the opportunity to cook them both a proper English breakfast. 30 minutes later Sherlock had finally emerged from his room, driven by the lovely smell of freshly brewed coffee and bacon. Sherlock hardly ate when on a case, but John knowing Sherlock as well as he did knew that this amounted in the man building an astonishing appetite the day after a case closed.
“Dexter was right in fetching me Charlie. I’m here to help you. What got you so upset?” Sherlock asked calmly.
“You were right to come get me Dexter.” Sherlock said and immediately flagged down a cab as they walked out on the street.
John was seeing red. Sally had returned back upstairs from her smoking break in a frenzy, ranting about a young kid outside who’d told her Sherlock was in trouble. She’d hardly made any sense as she babbled urgently that they all had to go immediately. Lestrade had to calm her down and ask her to start over before they fully understood the situation. John was on his feet, knocking his chair over in the process and out the door before Sally even finished. He didn’t even grasp his coat before storming out. When he reached the outside he immediately recognized Charlie, who was still standing out front. The boy had a panicked air about him but looked relieved to see John for once.
“Really?” John breathed, followed by a light kiss right under Sherlock’s jaw which made the taller man shiver.
“I’ll drive you guys to the hospital right away. Donovan, you manage the scene from here.” Lestrade called. Sally confirmed right away.
Just as those words had escaped his mouth Ethan felt a frightfully strong fist connect to his jaw that threw him to the ground. The American looked up, expecting the attack had come from the detective, but to his surprise he saw DI Lestrade standing over him with his fist still clenched tightly and a look of pure rage shining down upon him.
“Nope, no chance!! You’re going to stay right here and take it easy! I’m calling John to come home and look you over.” Sherlock said with a definitive voice as he placed his landlady gently on the couch.
Sherlock for once felt unable to speak and simply clasped Lestrade’s cold hand tightly, unable to keep his eyes from glazing over slightly. He swallowed the lump that had formed in his throat before speaking; “I’ll always find you.. Always.. Like you always found me..”
“I’m perfectly fine John.” Sherlock said in a monotone voice against John's chest, still not looking at him.
Lestrade visibly forced himself upright once again, his glare even more intense this time. “Keep dreaming punk..” He said with as much force as his voice could carry, which wasn’t much at the moment, but he somehow still managed to sound authoritative despite the weakness.
She might not be Johns favourite person in the world and she’d been even more aggressive and bad tempered with Sherlock than usual during this case. John found himself to be both surprised and grateful that Sherlock for once hadn’t retorted her harsh words as he usually would. Despite what Donovan or any other member on the force thought of the detective, he was more than capable to feel empathy and understand people when they found themselves in difficult situations. Sherlock was probably even more aware of Sally’s difficulties, in dealing with the emotional stain this case was putting on her, than most of her colleagues. Therefor holding his own tongue during this time.
Sherlock’s hands stilled and a few seconds of silence followed. John was almost afraid his little declaration had been too much romanticism for Sherlock to accept in one evening and that he would pull away from John in discomfort, but just then John felt a pair of soft lips gently touch the skin where his neck and shoulder met closely followed by a deep whisper into his left ear;
At this Sherlock immediately stood and, without a single word, crossed the room in three long strides so he stood in front of John to pull the man into a comforting embrace.
As the officers pulled away the Russian Lestrade and Mycroft bent over John who lay on the ground, dripping wet, leaning up on one of his elbows, the other arm clasped around his middle as he heaved up mouths full of dirty harbour water.
“Anything we can do for you mate?” Greg asked, he too worried and emphatic to John’s pain. He knew very well how much his friend’s shoulder could pain him and he also knew how good John usually was at hiding said pain. So to see him in so much anguish really said a lot of how bad it really had to hurt. If the man who’d caused this ended up getting a bit roughed up on the way to the station he wouldn’t be unpleased.
The detective observed as Charlies’ breathing speed up slightly and his face flamed up at the question. Anger, sadness and a heartbreaking mixture of emotions once again taking over the boy’s features.
“Eh.. Lestrade.. Text.. Case..” Sherlock muttered absentminded, his eyes still busy tracing the defined lines of John’s body.
In a last foible attempt Lestrade’s strangled voice called out; “Don’t list…” but the video was cut off, leaving only white static back on the screen.
Mrs. Hudson however seemed to accept defeat on the matter and immediately cheered back up again. “Why don’t I just pop downstairs and bring us up some cherry scones? They’re almost freshly baked.
“That’s – Ahh.. Not the point Sherlock..” John half moaned due to Sherlock’s continued ministrations.
Sherlock tried to protest and wiggle free, but Christian’s hold was way too strong for him to break and his voice wasn’t carrying as his entire being succumbed further and further to the effects of the drugs.
Molly fiddled with her fingers shyly. “Well, it’s actually Sherlock who gave me inspiration to create it. That case you guys were on a few months ago, Sherlock asked me if I’d help test the bottom of your victims wineglass for potential poisons or drugs and when it was positive I thought to myself, if only there was a way she could have known her drink had been poisoned she might still have been alive.” She looked back to Sherlock with sympathy. “I’m so sorry this happened to you Sherlock, but I hope this will prevent it from ever happening again. No one should have to feel unsafe when being out and experience what you and so many others have been through. It’s still only a prototype, but all my tests have been positive so far so it should be reliable to use.”
“It’s good to have you back mate, you almost made me worry.” John joked lightly, but his own eyes sending their own message of relief to see Lestrade safe.
“GET DOWN!” John shouted and put action into his words as he tackled Mycroft to the ground to take cover behind a large machine station. A sharp bang rang out in that exact moment and the phone in Mycroft’s hand shattered as the bullet ripped the device apart, once again leaving them both in complete darkness.
Mrs. Hudson watched with feigned dismay as her boys chased each other around the living room of 221B and couldn't suppress her giggle when Sherlock threw John’s union Jack pillow at the doctor who had taken refuge behind the sofa.
Sherlock pulled away slightly, though not enough to completely break the embrace and cast his deductive eyes all over John’s body, swallowing all the tiny pieces of data they could find. When he had gathered all the information that had been available Sherlock immediately pulled John towards the couch, sat him down and pulled him close to his chest once again before starting stating his deductions one by one, in chronological order of their supposedly occurrence;
Sherlock pouted slightly and refused to look his lover in the eyes. This was getting ridiculous! These past three months John had started spending more and more time at the gym. He went there after work, between cases even in the weekends.
John stood back up with a slight groan. “Make sure to keep him well hydrated. The Penicillin should do the trick, but keep monitoring his fever closely, if it rises further take him back to a check-up at the doctor’s office.” He said to Dimmock.
Tonight, they’d all settled into a new pub that’d recently opened in central London. It was slightly crowded but not unbearably so. Their group had gathered around a few round, high tables with highchairs to sit on. The lighting inside was soft, but bright enough that you didn’t have to squint your eyes to see each other. The speakers only played old Irish folksongs, Sherlock enjoyed the violin and fiddle music in them and couldn’t help but hush a bit on John and the others whenever a nice solo would play so that he could praise the musical qualities loudly. John would giggle each time and look at him with soft eyes and squeeze his hand lovingly where their intertwined hands lay on the table. The others would listen to his intermittent rants with a smirk on their faces, claiming that if Sherlock was still able to apply musical analysis on Irish folksong’s violin solos he hadn’t had enough to drink yet or they’d deliver some goodnatured teasing at John and Sherlock for acting like a teenage couple in love. John’s answer to this would always be to lean in and scatter Sherlock’s face with tiny kisses in humours provocation and Sherlock would pretend to be annoyed by it, usually ending in a round of laughter and a loud ‘cheers!’ to follow before they’d all return to the subject discussed beforehand.
“Yeah well, I was in the army for many years. If you haven’t noticed, I’m not the tallest bloke in the world and I quickly realised I’d have to work extra hard to earn some respect in there, especially because I aimed to advance as an officer. So, I honoured my skills, especially in hand to hand combat and people learned not to underestimate me despite my height. Having a vast knowledge of the human anatomy did help quite a bit too and I ended up teaching several combat and self-defence courses in my years of service.” John explained with a smile, because yes, he was damn proud of his skills, but he’d also worked his ass off to archive it. His smile however did falter a bit as he continued. “Unfortunately, I’m nowhere near as good as I used to be. Not after that bullet destroyed my shoulder, but I can work around it most times.” He said and finished his beer too.
John thought for a moment “I just need to lay down for a bit. Could I just.. Have a few moments alone?” The doctor asked softly.
John finally managed to open his eyes a fraction. He could see Sherlock bent over him, but he could also make out the many faces of the surrounding yarders that watched him with a mix of empathy, curiosity and worry. He couldn’t deal with all this attention directed at him. God, it hurt so much. He needed to get out of here.
And even though Sherlock had heard those words before and ended up heartbroken each time, he fully believed those words, because this was John. John loved him and he loved him back.
“I HAVE been making a fucking effort!! I haven’t been in any fights at school, I’ve obeyed their stupid 10 pm curfew and I even did the dishes last night to try and be nice but they’re STILL throwing me out, I know they are!!” Charlie yelled finally facing them. A few tears had started to escape his eyes and rolled slowly down his freckled cheeks.
I tried to incorporate everyone John have helped in the fic as well as I could and even though they didn’t all play as big a role as others I hope it was acceptable.
“OI!! LET GO OF HIM!!!” Before he sprinted the rest of the way down the alley. He jumped with all his might, thankful for his many years playing rugby, as he tackled the giant bastard to the ground. John quickly gained the upper hand in their scuffle, having the advantage as the man had been surprised by his attack. He managed to plant one knee firmly on the man’s sternum as he landed punch after punch on his face as hard and fast as he could.
“It’s right up there, in the alley on the left!” Charlie called after a few minutes of running, pointing to place ahead, still running.
Christian picked up on his difficulties. “Ah sorry about my mate here, he’s had one too many I’m afraid. I’d like a dark IPA please.” He answered in Sherlock’s stead and placed one of his hands on the detective’s shoulder, looking like nothing more than a good mate offering his support to his drunken friend. The bartender nodded and immediately filled a glass and placed it on the bar as Christian threw him a note and told tender to just keep the change.
John forced himself to take a couple of deep calming breaths before answering, his voice still shaky.
Christian looked across the bar fleetingly before turning back to the detective. “Looks like the bartender is out restocking so it might still take some minutes for your beer to arrive, here.” He said and stood from his own seat to push it over to Sherlock. “Take a seat for a bit.” He offered with a smile.
John went back to quietly waiting for Sherlock to bring him the coffee and Lestrade to return from evidence. Five minutes ticked by before Sherlock returned, true to his word, with to large cups of steaming hot coffee.
Sherlock smiled a little in victoriously, having suspected John would have put up a bit of a fight, but happy to find that that wasn't the case.
Finally John reached all the way and planted his lips against Sherlock’s own in a long heated kiss. When they parted both men’s pupils were blown wide.
Apparently not, as Sherlock for the first time of the evening jumped up from his chair before taking two long strides towards John, taking great advantage of his impressive height to tower over the smaller doctor and looking him straight in the eyes. His own roaring with anger and glaring dangerously.
“This is getting ridiculous. We shouldn’t allow her to treat us like this.” Roberson half whispered.
It was late at night and a cold drizzle rained upon the large collection of Scotland Yard officers, gathered in front of an old abandoned theatre in the outskirts of London. John stood quietly on the walkway, trying to rub some feeling back into his frozen fingers.
There were a few moments of hurried scuffles on the other side before the door was practically ripped open by both Margareth and Robert Hadley. They hardly acknowledged Sherlock’s presents as their eyes quickly fell on Charlie. Both immediately fell to their knees and embraced the boy into their arms, Mrs. Hadley sobbing in relief; “Oh gods Charlie my boy! We’ve been so worried about you! I went to check on you before bed and you were just gone!! Never scare me like that again!!”
But no, this was a new kind of uneasy Sherlock was feeling. He didn’t feel bored or annoyed of agitated just.. Grouchy and irritated. It was then he realised with sudden clarity, he hadn’t had his morning tea! Sherlock’s mind started whirling. He never made tea himself, because he was rubbish at it. On days John was off work it was he who made them tea in the morning. But when John left for work, whenever Sherlock rose from bed, a warm kettle of tea kept warm by a cozy always stood ready for him. Sherlock had never really thought about it until this moment, but now the absence struck clear. Of course it has to be Mrs. Hudson who usually brings him his morning tea on days John is gone his mind quickly offered, but why not today then?
And John knew he was being silly, but he still found himself more at ease by Sherlock’s sweet words. Of cause he shouldn’t care – Sherlock was the only one who mattered. As long as he was happy John was happy.
Sally supressed her rising panic, now was not the time. She grasped both of the boy’s shoulders firmly. “Wait right here! Don’t you move okay?!! I’m going inside to get some help I’ll be right back!!” She reprimanded sharply. The boy nodded his understanding and she wasted no time hurrying back inside to get backup.
“You know, if that thing really stains your eyes so much at the moment you really shouldn't use it so much all the time.” John said, not wanting his love to sustain yet another headache.
“What makes you think I was coming on to you? I just wanted to ask you the time.” The man said smugly as he took a large sip from his Guinness, his eyes never leaving Sherlock though.
“I never really thought about it like that, I see your point. I sure wouldn’t like to be on your bad side, that’s for sure!” He said with a laugh which John returned.
Suddenly there was movement further down his body and new kind of chill shot up through his spine as felt something huge and cold reach downwards, past his now undone belt and pants to fondle him roughly through his boxers.. Though his mind felt like it was shortcircuiting and his body felt foreign and disconnected Sherlock just knew he had to get away from this onslaught or die trying.. He gathered all his strength and willpower and willed it all to fight off the abusive touches..
John quickly made his way up the nearest stairs and walked over to the brunet, who still eyed him with that intense gaze that Sherlock usually reserved when he wanted to record something into his mind palace.
Some disgruntled men at the yard are unhappy about Sally Donovan’s handling as stand-in DI and decides she need to be taught a lesson. Things escalate and Sherlock comes to Sally’s aid when she needs it the most.
“No John, don’t be stupid. It was the shopkeeper’s son obviously!” Sherlock exclaimed, like it was the most apparent thing in the world.
Lestrade offered Sherlock a friendly pad on the shoulder. “Any time Sherlock. No one is going to mess with our favourite doctor and if they do, you just point them our way.” The man said with a smile followed by muttered agreements all across the room.
He wasn’t going to admit it of course, but Sherlock was starting to feel a bit neglected. They hadn’t even had sex in two weeks for god’s sake! John always fell asleep the minute his head hit the pillow after a day of work and his customary two hours workout and Sherlock normally crashed whenever a case ended, due to his ‘no-sleep-and-food’ politics during those. Today was Saturday and for once John didn’t have work and there were no cases to occupy Sherlock’s mind so he’d hoped John and he could’ve spent some much needed quality time together. Hell, the brain dissection had only been an excuse to get John to stay home and hopefully things would’ve evolved into a day well spent in bed.
John ended in a whisper and was about to retreat back into his room before Sherlock would see the tears that had started to gather in the corner of his eyes. But even before he’d fully turned Sherlock gripped his right wrist with almost bruising force and made him turn to face the detective again.
“No, I’m alright.” Mycroft whispered back, his voice for once breaking slightly with the shock of having his phone shot too pieces while still in his hand, though miraculously not injuring him in the process. “My phone is useless however, we have to use yours to call for help.”
Approximately 5 seconds pause between first to second knock, indication apprehension at coming so late but determined enough to not falter in the decision to do so, so the errand is important and urgent.
Sherlock barely contained his eyeroll. “Since you’re new I’ll allow a certain lack of common sense.” The detective then pointed to a hole in the wooded fence that separate this alley from another. “The son attends high school and takes a shortcut through here on his way home. On Thursdays, his last class is at 16, which means he’ll pass through here in approximately 20 minutes. Plenty of time to plan out his arrest.” He finished with a smirk, enjoying to show off a bit in front of the new officers.
“But I heard you crying, I can see you have been crying and for a while too. There’s no point in denying it Sherlock. I know you don’t like to show weakness, but this is me you know. You can tell me love, I promise I wo..” But John got silenced before he could finish his sentence, by one of Sherlock’s long fingers on his lips.
“I don’t care Sherlock!! Now you tell me, what the hell have you done to John this time?!” The DI scowled dangerously, his eyes flashing with anger and worry and hands tightening their grip on Sherlock’s coat, keeping him pressed hard against the wall.
“Now John!” Sherlock simply stated, his patience wearing thin by now. How was he supposed to keep resisting when John stood there looking like a real-life Adonis?!
Both John and Lestrade huffed in disagreement. “Not at all..” John said. “Hardly..” Lestrade followed up, but didn’t engage further. Both with murder back in their eyes at the mentioning of the man.
Charlie finally turned his head to look the detective in the eye. Gone were the tough exterior and left were only a sad, hurting and confused kid.
“For God’s sake Mycroft!! Do you rea…” But John didn’t get to finish his rant when suddenly the large overhead lights exploded with a loud bang, bathing them in a shower of fiery sparkles, before leaving them in complete darkness.
Greg sighed. “We ran over of course and I quickly got a hold of the man and..” He paused for a minute, clearly not liking what was coming next in his story. “The bastard overpowered me and took me down as it was nothing. The two other officers had to pull him off me as if I was some freaking damsel in distress.” Greg scowled, waiting for John to break out laughing anytime now.
John stepped in behind him, his voice filled with military authority; “I’m a doctor, let us through now!”
Sherlock was still smiling as he pulled his finger away again, satisfied that it had done its job in silencing his doctor.
“He’s at the at the old Millennium Mills warehouse. He’s really out of it. I’m afraid of what he might do this time.” Dexter said as he followed down, pulling on the jacket without comment.
“It took me a whole week to figure out this man’s attack pattern alone!! He’s not some amateur who’s just going to hide in a hole for a few weeks and then reappear!! Now that he knows I’ve wound up on him he is going to change his entire M.O and have time to correct those tiny faults in his patterns to make him as good as undetectable!! Do you understand?! All my work, all these hours utterly wasted! The chance of there ever being a next time is next to nothing!! And it’s all your fault!!”
Sherlock sat in his armchair in the living room of 221B, absentminded plucking at his violin strings while having a staring contest with the yellow-painted smiley face on the wall. It was early morning, so the detective still wore his soft pyjamas trousers and an old army t-shirt of John’s he’d ‘borrowed’ until further notice. John had feigned dismay at Sherlock for taking his clothes without asking, but the detective had easily deduced John’s secret pleasure and possessiveness in seeing Sherlock wear his shirt. Sherlock imagined it was comparable to when men had used to concurr land and mark their new territory with their flag. Although illogical, Sherlock found he did not mind John’s sentiment in this manner.
“What?! You find that amusing do you?!” John demanded his eyes and voice clearly warning Sherlock not to anger him further.
Sherlock’s eyes seemed to fill with even more guilt at that particular memory before he added with a small voice;
Suddenly Sherlock took a gentle hold of both John’s shoulders and returned his eyes to the doctor’s.
“And you’re also not upset I didn’t tell you about him till now?” Sherlock knew he might be pushing his luck, but he wanted to make sure John truly was ok with the situation.
Just then the paramedics showed up and pushed through the door with a stretcher, shown up by the young female officer who’d made the call. Daniel was placed on the stretcher, his father at his side.
Then, early this morning in the middle of morning tea, Sherlock had received a call from Lestrade. A murder of an elderly wealthy woman named Regina Chester. It wasn’t just a regular murder though. This was a locked room mystery murder! Sherlock’s eyes had immediately lit up like Christmas lights in a way that made John chuckle with fondness. The two men had hurried to finish their breakfast before heading out. On the way however, Sherlock mentally cursed himself as he had momentarily forgotten John’s predicament completely as he watched his lover flinch every time the cab hit a bump in the road.
Suddenly the door was swung violently open and the two men stood face to face. John’s eyes were still filled with pain and anguish, but his lips were in a tight line and as he spoke his voice was tense and low;
When Mrs. Hudson falls ill Sherlock takes it upon himself to help out and show how much his landlady really means to him.
“Much.. So much better… Thank you love…” John mumbled tiredly, fully enjoying the soothing feeling of Sherlock’s hands.
“On your way home you got caught in a downpour, you couldn't catch a cab and your bus had already left so you were forced to walk home in the cold rain.. And now your shoulder is stiff.” Sherlock stated and dropped his hand from John’s hair to slip under his jumper onto his left shoulder and gently palpated the cramped up muscles there. Then decided to completely remove the jumper and then buttoning down the first three buttons of John’s shirt, then turning his boyfriend slightly so he could work and massage the muscle probably - knowing how much it would pain John later if it was ignored.
Sherlock only hummed in responds as they continued to search for the boy. After only a few minutes they heard a loud banging noise from above, followed by another and another. Sherlock and Dexter shared a quick look and then marched towards the noise. The sounds grew louder and louder as they ascended a long series of staircases leading to the roof of the building. They finally reached the top and entered onto the rooftop. Sherlock had a brief uncomfortable flashback to the last time he’d been on a rooftop, but quickly pushed the memory aside, this wasn’t the time or place for that.
Sherlock eyed her calmly. He sensed that this was a moment where he had to tread very carefully. It was his own fault for having giving her false hope all these years, by flirting with her whenever he wanted something. But it was time to set things straight now, he owed her that much. “Yes, things with John are good, really good. He makes me happy and have made me a much better man than I used to be.”
Since John had taken a dive into a freezing harbour two days ago and saved Mycroft in the process, his injured shoulder had acted up and caused him a lot of discomfort. This had not come as a surprise for either John or Sherlock. John’s old wound had always had a tendency to flare up when exposed to the cold. John said it had something to do with the fact that in cold weather oxygen is more tightly bound to the blood cells and therefor do not release as easily, resulting in stiffening of the muscles. Since John’s injury had caused severe nerve-and muscles damage due to the harsh condition in which he’d received it, it made his shoulder much more sensitive to the effects of the cold. But even though John was hurting, he refused to let it hold him back and took the whole thing in stride as he always did. Sherlock couldn’t help but admire his boyfriend. In the last two days John had kept on smiling and stayed positive, never once uttering a single complaint. Most people would probably not even notice anything being off with him. Only Sherlock could read the hidden pained expressions, the subtle added wrinkles of discomfort ever presence on his lover’s forehead, the way John would slightly favour his right side to avoid using his left. Whenever this happened Sherlock would help his love out silently; he’d make tea in the morning so John wouldn’t have to stretch to reach the teabags on the top shelf, make sure the fireplace would almost be constantly lit to shield John’s shoulder from further cold. In the evenings he would take a seat next to John on the couch and without a word gently try to ease some of the tightly knotted tension in the doctor’s neck and shoulders, that would develop as a painful side-effect, with a soft massage. They rarely actually spoke about it, but both men knew exactly what was going on and John always rewarded Sherlock with a wide, sincere smile whenever the detective would perform each of these little acts. It was John’s way of silently saying
“Sherlock, his wife and kids were standing right behind him!” John tried to explain, but already knew in the back of his mind that that kind of thinking wasn’t part of Sherlock’s logic.”
Sherlock had been ecstatic. Jones had given him everything he cherished in a case. He was cunning, clever, effective and shockingly good at what he did. Sherlock had revelled in solving the puzzles and answering the questions no one else could answer and finally, after 3 weeks of little sleep, even less food, hours on the violin and a dozen of experiments they had finally been able to make their final move and bring in ‘The bull’s-eye killer’ as the papers had fittingly named him as he was known for never missing his target. Unfortunately things hadn’t worked out as planned and Jones had managed a hazy escape at the end of it all. But things could have progressed so much worse this night than it did and right now John was just happy they were both home in one piece and surely even Sherlock had to see that that was the most important thing of all.
“I’m so sorry Sherlock, I need to go to the surgery immediately. Sarah just called me in.” John said sadly.
John’s eyes furrowed with confusion. Sherlock’s usually so articulate and elegant in both his speech and demeanour, that to render him into a muttering mess and apparently only able to speak in short one-words sentences was no less than a near impossible feat.
Mycroft nodded. “Yes, very well.” He said. As he sat climbed into the backseat of his own car Mycroft dwelled in his reassurance. Knowing that his dear little brother had done right to allow the man, John Watson, into his heart. Because truly he was the bravest, most stupid and greatest man Mycroft had ever had the great honour of knowing and he’d never forget what John Watson had done for him this night.
Sally returned from lunch with sigh as she saw the stack of papers waiting for her at the desk. She sat heavily on the chair and reached for her pen, only to notice it had disappeared. She looked around her desk area but couldn’t find it. She looked under the desk and around it to see if it had dropped to the floor, but it wasn’t there either. Her annoyance was already growing rapidly, but she forced herself to take a calming breath and opened the drawer where the spare pens were stored, but that too was empty. She felt her cheeks grow hot with anger, she was sure there’d been a whole bunch of spares when she went to lunch, someone was clearly making a mockery out of her and she wasn’t having it! She slammed both her hands forcefully down and jumped to her feet, almost knocking the deskchair over in the process. She strode right back out into the bullpen and openly exclaimed.
Suddenly there was a flash that momentarily blinded him, when he looked back towards John he saw to his horror that the doctor was holding up his camera phone, grinning like an idiot.
The man rolled his large shoulders, his bodylanguage indicating a sharp defensive at being called out like that, but his voice was calm and his crooked smile still in place as he talked again.
“You don’t remember?” John asked, but the way his voice carried it didn’t sound like a question, it sounded more like a statement. Like the he wasn’t at all surprised that Sherlock had no recollection of what had landed him in a hospital bed with a bad headache and all his other current symptoms. John’s lips tightened into a thin line and his eyes grew large with a stronger mix of sadness and guilt?
John opened the fridge in hopes of finding the butter to go with one of those newly baked buns the dear Mrs. Hudson had kindly made for Sherlock and him. But to the doctor’s dismay, the immediate first thing he spots is a human heart bagged with ice that is placed right between the cheese and the leftover Chinese from yesterday.
“It’s quite alright, I’ll just be a couple of minutes before we start so feel free to answer it if you want.” The nice woman said in a happy tone that probably already annoyed Sherlock to no end.
“Jh.. Jawn..?” The detective managed to rasp out, his eyes trying to hold steady on John’s face above him.
John had almost thought his day would never end but finally it did and now the doctor couldn’t wait to come home to his boyfriend and at last spend some quality time with him. As John reached the top of the stairs about to enter their flat his head was filled with thoughts of hot tea, a warm fireplace and maybe a nice takeaway dinner. Afterwards he planned to whisk his detective off to the bedroom or maybe he would simply pull down all the couch pillows and blankets and take Sherlock right there in front of the burning fireplace. Yes he would definitely do that. There was something completely irresistible about the thought of light and shadow playing across Sherlock’s pale skin while listening to the sound of the rains soft spatter on the window outside. They wouldn’t be able to hear it for long though as it was sure to be drowned out by the detective’s moans and gasp of pleasure. John would make sure of that.
Surprisingly Anderson was the first to snap out of it and took a few accusing steps towards Davis. “Who the bloody hell do you think you are to stand there and talk about John Watson in that way?!” He called out angrily.
Sherlock discreetly wiped a single tear from his chin as he witnessed the heartwarming scene before him. He’d never been more grateful to finally make a difference for the living for once in his life.
One of the young constables, Jackson was his name, chose to speak up. “Hey, take it easy Donovan, we have a whole supply room full of pens downstairs. Can’t you just fetch some more?”
Sherlock took another small step towards the boy. His own chest constricting as he saw the boy’s carefully constructed façade crumble, showing his true self. An insecure 14 year old who wished for little else than to be able to fit into a family, to feel wanted and loved, something he’d never had before at his other foster homes and certainly not from his biological family.
“Oh God.. No more.. I’m sorry okay!! I’m sorry I did that! How should I know they were so damned admired and loved by everyone? Had I known I would suffer so much I would’ve never said those things, I swear!” Ethan begged.
Sherlock shrugs. “True, but I’m sure I’ll manage. It’s the least I can do for all the times you’ve helped me. I know I might not be the best at expressing my gratitude, but I very much appreciate what you do for me Molly. I’d like to give some of it back.” Sherlock makes sure to portray his honesty in both his voice and expression, in the hopes it’s enough to convince Molly he’s serious.
