"We were at the mall. They took me with them." A small shudder ran through Morgan's body, Tony tightened his hold on her and looked at Natasha over her head.
“I have my ways.”
“Yeah? Bet you were.” Tony laughed a little, wondering if Barton had told Steve about him showing up at the pool. Tony watched as Steve cleaned the same table over again, and for a moment he thought of the party, of his back pressed up against that tree of Steve-
“You were supposed to be done in the lab by eleven thirty,” Steve said, resettling to lie down on the couch, pulling Tony down along with him. The television had powered off at some point in the past twenty minutes, Steve hadn’t even noticed. “What time is it now?”
sucked on his fingers.
“Night Tony. “ Steve muttered, pulling him closer, wrapping his arms around his middle and resting his head on his shoulder. Tony smiled.
The man was hyperventilating now, crying and struggling, doing everything in his power to get away from Steve, but he simply held him tighter.
It didn’t take long. Tony watched Steve from the corner of his eye as he moved to the next table. He started to clean, then paused. Tony wished he could see his face. Tony could feel Steve’s eyes on his for a while before he looked up to meet them, a sly smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. He couldn’t help it. Finally looking Steve in the face, Tony realized he was smiling.
“You wanna know what I was planning to do with it?”
He was worried about the Kid. She hadn’t said anything in hours. He wondered if the levity of what they had done occurred to her. He doubted that it did. He could feel her shivering against his back, her grip on his shoulders and waist were too tight for her to be asleep. It was raining, and late. The clock outside of a subway station had told him it was three am. That had been eight blocks ago. He wondered what month it was, as it was certainly too cold to be August as he had thought. Steve knew they had to be a sight, and was glad for the late hour. He’d found them clothes as soon as he possibly could. None of them matched, or did much to protect them from the cold, which seemed to be everywhere he turned lately. The kid looked odd outside of the white hospital style gown, he’d never seen her in anything else. Somehow she looked even thinner, she was by no means healthy.
“Maybe we should get going?” he said, his breath ghosting over Tony’s face. It smelled like coffee, but not particularly in a bad way. Just…warm. Tony smirked, leaning in for just one more kiss, making it positively
When Steve actually shudders and tightens around him Tony shouts. The orgasm rocks Steve so hard his elbows buckle, and his face presses into the wall. His body is actually
She yawned. Steve saw a mouth still full of baby teeth. He saw a long scar that ran the length of her neck, a bandage peeked from under the collar of her gown.
Oh. Well, Tony hadn’t even known Steve a year and a half ago. Maybe Tony was being too paranoid. He took a bit of his food and sat back, wiping his mouth with his napkin.
"About as well as you'd expect. He's killing himself looking for her, Tony. I don't even think he sleeps anymore."
It had been a long time since that day. In that time, Tony had gotten to know his mother. He’d gotten to know the rules of the place he found himself in. There was no one name for it in particular, most people just called it home. Tony estimated there had to be millions of people around, in their own little Corners. People didn’t cross paths often. The only place to meet outside of their personal Corners was the field people arrive in. It was unlawful to enter a Corner of another person unless invited.
“Don’t you wanna swim?” He called jokingly, Tony considered ignoring him, but he’d never been one to ignore an invitation to confrontation.
"Well, I guess it's unanimous, then." Tony said, smiling and moving to the kitchen. There was a hesitance to him though. Steve wondered how long that would last before things got back to normal.
“Dodgers,” Steve said, he maintained eye contact with Tony the whole time he untiled the drawstring of his pants and slipped his hand under the waistband.
Steve felt bad for leaving Tony in the mornings, but there were things that he had to do. Things that had to be done or he’d have another lapse of control and end up right back where he started. So he ran. Every few weeks he’d change it up, when he finished one area he’d move on, scoping things out every morning, watching the people. The first thirty minutes of his run was quite uneventful, and Steve was almost disappointed. He knew he shouldn’t be, but he couldn’t really help it. If he could, he wouldn’t be out running in the first place. He stopped when he heard yelling from the second floor of a near by apartment building.
“Under the pillow.” Tony said, which earned him another scoff, from Steve, who leaned over him to grab it.
“You’re not wearing you’re ring.” he wasn’t sure why he thought he would be. Steve supposed it wasn’t fair of of expected him to. The realization still hurt all the same. “I’m going to go sit with the Kid.” he said after a too tense moment. He stood
“Yeah, alright. I’m sorry I’m just…worried.” Steve said, eyes flitting between the screen and Tony.
he was, christ.
“Tell me more,” Tony said, being the one to finally break eye contact, focusing his attention on pulling Steve’s dick out of his pants. He licked his hand and started stroking lazily, his hand lose, barely giving him any friction.
“ Gross, get a glass you animal,” Tony muttered, smacking him in the arm and going back to his seat. “ And I only have them from when I broke my had last year.”
“Alright, send her in. I’ll see you at seven, Steve.” Tony said, and Steve stood, gave a small wave, and made his way out of the room. He walked past Pepper and forced a smile, holding the office door open for an old woman with a casted arm.
Steve watched for only a moment before turning back to his work, taking the new slices of bread Tony handed him with a smile. "We might as well make a few extras." he said with a shrug, nodding to the bag of bread. Tony took out six more slices.
"You're not thinking about making contact..." Natasha started, biting her lip worriedly.
"Because that's how the world works. People have to know what to call you, you gotta have a social security card an all that jazz." He set her down in a chair and moved to the fridge, digging around to find something she hadn't tried before. This was one thing he was really enjoying about being back, introducing her to all the simple pleasures he hadn't realized he'd started taking for granted. He heard her slap a hand on the counter, and he turned to look at her. She had one hand out, palm facing the ceiling in a gesture for
Tony picked his file up again, finishing the notes he’d started before Pepper had come in, Pepper grabbed it from him.
“The field-”
“Can I make it up t’ you ‘morrow?” he murmured, face smushed into the pillow. There was the smallest of pauses, and then Steve was angling his erection away from him, rubbing at his arms and shoulders, running his blunt fingernails up and down his back. It might of been the best thing Tony'd ever felt in his life.
“I need to know what he’s doing.” Steve said again, tapping his fingers on the table, his knee bouncing. Tony sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose, closing his eyes. He pressed a button on the side of the screen.
“ What?” Tony asked, disoriented, the come in his jeans becoming uncomfortable. He sat up, and watched Steve start the car again, watched him lean forward to rub away the steam on the windshield.
When Tony resurfaced from his office it was one in the morning-he hadn’t meant to spend so long working, but he was so far gone with a case he wasn't sure what to do. Things were going well, but he’d hit a wall, and if he didn’t figure something out soon the poor guy could be facing life in prison for a crime he certainly did not commit. His mind was still racing as he made his way to their bedroom, being as quiet as he could. He didn’t expect Steve to be awake, however.
Natasha grabbed Tony by the collar of his shirt and hauled him with her to the front door.
Steve walked over to him and looked over his shoulder.
Tony nodded and started to get into the car. Interrupted again when Steve called out.
“Yeah, me too...” Steve said rather breathlessly. Tony wondered if he was touching himself, but he knew for sure if he looked down to check he’d come before Steve even did anything.
“You know what to do?” He asked, as if he were asking Steve if he knew how to work a blender. Steve snorted at him again, and again there was that look in his eye. That annoyance-maybe frustration?
“She’s a runt. We’ve got five more and another batch cooking. I’m not the one who’s going to kill her, Captain. You are. Your…refusal to share information. Either you talk, or we end this right now. I’m sure you’d enjoy the lovely space we’ve arranged for you in solitude.”
"If you want, I don't think she's tried it yet. Have you?" He held up the package to for her to see. The Kid shook her head.
"It's you," is all she said, a series of emotions crossed her face, and before he had a chance to say anything she hugged him. He couldn't help but melt into the contact. She was his best friend. He'd told her about Tony, she'd been the one who'd helped him propose. He owed a lot to her. She pulled away and looked him up and down, for once her emotions not well hidden on her face. "You need a haircut," she said with a smile. "Come fined me later. We'll take care of it."
“ What do you mean, what’er you talking about? Who sent you-was it-I told Jimmy I’d get him the money, I swore, didn’t I? I’ve got two more weeks-” Steve jostled the guy closer to the ledge, and he let out a small, strangled cry.
It’s Steve who speaks first.
been thinking about it. Tony turned, scratching the back of his head just as Clint popped back up and pulled himself out of the pool.
“Yeah, in the morning. That's when people like their coffee most, and it’s already two thirty so…” Steve didn’t have to say ‘scoot’ for Tony to get the picture. What Tony didn't understand was why he was so hurt by it.  He opened the passenger door and slid out, holding it open for only a moment.
“I’m just trying to figure it out,” Tony said, turning to greet him, not surprised to see Bruce looking as shitty as he felt. Nobody had gotten much sleep since Steve showed up with the little hellion.
Tony held her at arms length to look at her. She wasn’t much different than the last time he saw her. Only she was wearing a soft white cotton skirt and a soft yellow blouse, embroidered with sunflowers. It took Tony a moment to realize he recognized that shirt. It was a distant memory...a day on the beach, the waves had been big...
as the orgasm rolled over him, taking over his entire body as he came hard over his hand. Steve slid off of the dildo to sit on the shower floor. His eyes were still closed and his breath came to him in big huffs. His wet hair stuck to his forehead and neck. He only sat there for a moment before he stood, still looking dazed. He dislodged the dildo from the tile and turned off the water.
“I didn’t think I’d be calling you again, but here we are.” He picked up the pillows and placed them meticulously on the bed, arranging them artfully.
“Just looking up a few things. For work.” He hated how easy it was to lie to him, but it wasn’t like it was anything major. Steve reached out for him, and Tony set the tablet aside, turning it off, and let Steve pull him closer.
“ I love you too, Steve.”
“Yeah, I’m fine. Why?”
He’d begged, Tony had never seen him like that before. “Don’t put us in there, I’m fine, we’re fine! It’s been a fucking
They sat there for hours. Steve told him about his childhood and his dream to be an artist, about his friend Bucky who’d gone missing eight months prior. He’d looked sad when he was talking about that, and Tony couldn’t believe that a guy who was so good had gone through so much hell. When it came to be his turn to talk, Tony told Steve about how he’d wanted to be an engineer, but his father had the law firm and it was the family business so he’d had no real choice.
Steve seemed a little distant over the past few days since their dinner, his eyes were always far away, he was always thinking about something, and when Tony asked about it he’d get this look on his face like a kid with his hand caught in the cookie jar. It was strange. He wanted to ask what was wrong, but with Steve nine times out of ten that just made the whole situation worse. So he’d keep his mouth shut and finish his work and let Steve be Steve.
“No, no, I don’t need all that. You’ve got good people you need to help, I don’t wanna get in the way of that.” Steve said, washing the plate in his hands for the third time."I think I’m going to go to the gym for a bit.” he said at last, setting the plate down. He turned around just in time to see Tony’s face fall. He wondered how many more time he could fuck up in a night.
The room erupted. Steve took a single breath in, and let out a choked sob of relief. Tony, who’d been a coil of tense energy beside him,  punched the air and let out a cry of victory. He leaned close to speak in his ear.
“Tonight. You’ll have to do some waiting. I'll send you an address. You have a car?”
“Doesn’t matter where I was. Walk faster.” Natasha said, practically breaking into a run. Tony trotted after her.
How’d he known where he’d be. How somebody so seemingly trained just seemed to mosey on into the same gym he’d been in.
He was just about asleep not five minutes later when a big, warm hand caressed his side and took residence on his hip. Lips appeared at the back neck.
“Nothing, nothing. You were..having a dream I think. Said something funny about aliens. Don’t worry about it.” Tony lied, and Steve relaxed, but eyed him still. Tony watched him as he went back down the hall. He let out a sigh, a breath he hadn’t known he was holding and went back to his paper, deciding he’d figure out what that was about later.
There was a startled gasp from the kid, she nearly fell out of her chair. She turned and fixed Clint with glower that nearly matched Steve's. The reactions were so similarly timed that Tony actually laughed.
“ Awe, c’mon, Babe,” Tony muttered, flopping on the bed and rolling over to Steve. He planted a kiss on his hip bone and smiled, letting his lips linger.
It was late. Steve was out cold, Tony couldn’t get him to actually stay awake, so he sat up to keep an eye on him. He wasn’t sure if it was just paranoia from his conversation with Pepper, or the fact that Steve had come in so late that made him feel like there was something Steve wasn’t telling him. Tony knew Steve had gone through some things, things that could be worse than the entire trial combined, and it killed him that Steve couldn't talk to him about it, that he couldn’t find a way to make him feel better.
“Yeah, sounds good. I’ll meet you in the parking lot.” Tony said, unable to help the eager not in his voice. Steve heard it, Tony could see it in his eyes, the way they darkened, pupils going wider. Tony wondered what thoughts were swriling about behind those eyes. He wondered if Steve was thinking about what he was going to do to him, how he was going to touch him-
The Kid sighed deeply. She was too small to make such a tired sound. It crushed him. If only he’d been able to save her sooner. If only he’d been able to save her at all. She’d done all of the saving. He wasn’t sure he’d ever forgive himself for asking her to, but there really wasn’t another way. If he hadn’t they’d still be there, locked up like test animals. He pulled her along with him as they trudged through the rain. Twelve blocks. Twelve blocks to warmth. To food and shelter and medicine and an actual bed. Twelve blocks to Tony.
“It’s a great place down in Hell’s Kitchen. There’s tournaments every now and again. I’ll take you and Tony sometime-now I really gotta go talk to him if you don’t mind, is he busy?”
Carefully, quietly, wanting a better view, Tony sat on the very edge of the foot of the bed, careful not to dip the mattress. Steve was moaning, little quiet huffs of sound from a half open mouth, and Tony decided that his next passion project would have to be dreams. That way he could get in on the action on a completely different level—unclean as his intentions might be it would be groundbreaking…
Steve looked down at her. She looked better than she had even a week ago, clean and already gaining a little weight. Her hair was cut short, there'd been no saving it. The matting and tangling had been too much to correct. Now, it sat in a curly mop atop her head, just above almond eyes that seemed to have a little more shine with each passing day. Steve hadn't even known it was curly in the first place.She'd been angry at him for that one. She still was.
“Did you tell him that it’s my goddamn wedding and I’ll wear whatever the hell I want to wear?”
"And what if I want to hurt you both?" Sharon snarled, "Tell the world that you're a cheating scumbag and that you're fucking Tony Stark."
“How the hell should I know? He didn’t
Steve blinked against the light and the hazy effect that everything seemed to have. “Yes… seems that way.”
Steve started to nod and Tony continued, “more than touch them, I’m afraid.” Steve blinked up at him, his lips shaping the word ‘
Truth be told, the realization hurt Tony. Profoundly. But it didn’t stop him from looking towards Captain America as a role model, growing up – someone to be admired and maybe even imitated - to a degree.
Tony shook his head, “I’m not, I swear. My name’s Anthony Edward Stark. My father is Howard Stark. You’re Captain Steven Grant Rogers.”
They had discussed how to break the news to Steve when he awoke.
“Wrong?” Howard Stark laughed brightly and Tony yanked the receiver away as if it had slapped him across the face.
. Daddy was right."
“All I’m sayin and Clint… kinda, is that there’s nothing wrong with seeing how things work out. If it doesn’t, oh well, at least you tried. But if it does work out and you two end up getting married and raising a mountain of babies together, Steve, that would be amazing.” Sam clapped a hand on Steve’s shoulder, “The man has a private plane. Do you know what we could do in a private plane?”
“And yet they’re all Captain America titles.”
After his conversation with Rumiko, Tony felt wound up and fantasizing about Steve Rogers on his drive home hadn't helped matters. Tony had shrugged off his initial discomfort and masturbated to the idea of Steve Rogers calling him instead of Rumiko and begging him to come over and knot him over and over. Afterward, Rumiko's words continued to bounce around in his head until he'd convinced himself it was unlikely he'd ever even see Steve Rogers again.
“If you really think it’s necessary then… go–go ahead.” He breathed in shakily and closed his eyes, his hands gripping the edge of the table hard enough to turn his knuckles white.
It was evening, the building nearly empty besides the cleaning staff and the occasional agent who didn't know when to quit. It was just the two of them as they rode down.
From the corner of his eye, he could see Steve’s mouth drop open. He mouthed wordlessly and his whole body tensed.
“Android heart?”
. Captain America. Nearly 50 years after he’d disappeared. 46 if Tony was really counting down.
When he appeared in the kitchen, Pepper was munching on an everything bagel and scrolling through her phone, “Today Natalie is in charge of you, Tony.”
Any free time he found between running Stark Industries, his own research and inventing and hob-nobbing with the rich and famous to further industry contacts he spent searching for Captain America. He hadn’t had much time to give to Tony.
“Yeah… Bucky. His name was James too. No offense, James, Buck thought his name was boring.”
“God, I tried so hard to get here before Bucky did.” Steve huffed. Tony chuckled, “And why would you want to? He’s a fountain of information.”
"Yes! I'm so sorry I'm late!"
Steve chuckled, "Mmm, no. I can't ever get enough of you."
“Yeah, but Tony think about it.”
“ We did it,” he said, grinning and running a hand through his hair, taking his suit jacket off. Steve watched him, eyes mapping the obvious firmness of his chest under his starched white shirt.
“Maybe after I take you on a real date huh? Maybe friday? Dinner?” And his stomach was right back up in his throat. He was the one being taken on a date? That didn’t normally happen. He had the money, he liked to treat people, where as Steve didn’t have much but he still wanted to….
“How many days it’s been.” he said, grunting as he worked through the pain of standing up. Once on his feet he rubbed at his wrists as he limped to the wall, scooping up the meal replacement bars from the dispenser tray located near their toilet. He looked down at the kid and frowned. There was a long trail of blood from one corner of the room to the other. It ended by the Kid, just next to where he had been…sleeping?
indulging him now, however in the moment he stoops down to pull the tiny bottle of lube out of Steve’s shorts pocket and comes face to face with a dick so hard it stood nearly straight against Steve’s toned stomach.
His mind raced through his entire nightly routine. Through his shower, through making a damn sandwich-he couldn’t get any peace from the intrusive thought of panic. He hadn’t seen Tony yet-he was probably up in the office, which was a good thing, because Tony would ask him what was wrong and steve didn’t have the  ability to lie to him right now, not right now, his mind was fully consumed by the panic that there was a man somewhere in hell’s kitchen, a complete stranger, who knew things. His brain came to a roaring stop when he tried to think about to how.
Just the sight of Steve there, sucking a wet spot into his jeans made Tony want to come. Steve shook his head though, and Tony whined.
“Yeah, guess I have to say the same thing.” Steve said, turning back to the bag, hitting it again, thinking about the man on the roof.
,” Tony gasped, nails scrabbling across his back. Only then did Steve put his hands in Tony’s pants.He stroked Tony a could of time, then brought his come covered hand to his mouth and
“Well maybe tomorrow then?” Tony asked quickly, sitting all the way up. Steve froze in the middle of pulling his boxers on. From there he just looked tired. There were dark smudges under his eyes and he seemed a little pale, despite the fact that he spent forty two percent of his time in the sun.
“ I know.” Steve said, manually unlocking the truck’s driver side door before sliding into the cab and reaching over to unlock the passenger side. Had he actually had his wits about him his heart would’ve ached for the poor, mistreated vehicle. She was an oldie but a goodie.
Damn.
“You don’t like me.” Steve explained, face red. This was a redness Tony was well aquatinted with. It sat high on Steve cheeks and reached the tip of his ears.  Angry red. “Not me, you like this.” He continued, sweeping a hand to indicate his body. “And that’s fine. I don’t care, but if you liked me this would’ve happened a long time ago.” And then he was out the door. Tony listened to his footsteps down the hall, to the front door open and shut, to Steve’s  truck make that awful sound as it started  that was some how just the perfect description of how he was feeling.
“After I fill you up maybe I’ll plug you up. Maybe I’ll make you walk around all day with my come in your ass, you want that?”
“I don’t know. I don’t know where they are.”
"I'm sorry! Sorry, I just got excited. You make great sandwiches. I was never able to recreate them." Clint said, softer this time. The Kid put her hands on either side of her face and sighed, overwhelmed. Clint ambled over to her.
“ You said you didn’t want to,” He murmured, pressing a kiss to Steve’s nose. “ We’re not going to.”
When he got to the gym, there was nobody there. It was old and dusty, nothing like the big and bright newer boxing gyms with all their technology and weight training. It was simply a place to go if a person wanted to beat the shit out of something in peace. Peace Steve didn’t get much of- nearly twenty minutes after he heard the door open and close.
“It’s the end of my shift!” Steve pointed to the the life guard chair, where his place had been taken another lifeguard. Then his back was turned, and Tony couldn’t call out again, because that’d just be awkward.
“Yeah, I know that.” Tony said nonetheless, shifting to get a little more comfortable, leaning on Steve more than the floor.
Steve missed knives.
and the sound that came out of Tony’s throat alerted Steve to that. He chuckled, smiled, then ground their hips together. Tony moaned and closed his eyes. Steve kept talking.
But he couldn’t find it in himself to be too taken aback. It wasn’t like he
Steve asked, stepping forward and grabbing him in a headlock. He dragged him out the door and up the stairs of his building, not stopping until he reached roof access.
“But-” Tony cut him off. A hand over his mouth.
“Yeah, I’ll be there,” Tony said, pulling out his own phone to show the virtual invitation for some graduation blowout in Malibu State Park. He wasn’t ready for what happened next. Steve took his phone from his hand. Steve Rogers snatched his phone right out of his hand, and there was literally nothing Tony could do about it even if he’d of wanted to. He slowly opened his mouth to protest, but Steve handed the phone back to him before he could.
The last time he’d woken up the kid had been there. She was watching him, only her eyes moving as she tracked his movements. There were odd circular bruises on her her head, and she held her arm to her chest, wrist limp. It looked swollen and discolored.
“I’ll see you around, Miss. Potts,” Steve said, making his way over to the elevator and leaning on the wall next to it.
Tony didn’t get a chance to say anything, however, because Steve wasn’t there.
“Yeah, Tony. I’m always careful." that wasn’t a lie, he really was. He couldn’t get caught again. Things were really going for him. He had his mind set on marrying Tony, starting a life with him and being happy. It’s all he wanted, and anybody who got in his way wasn’t going to like what happened.
“Steve…”
“Steve?”
before he’d arrived at the tower. He thought things were going to be better, and they were, but it was all so overwhelming. So incredibly overwhelming he genuinely wanted to be back in that containment cell. He looked down at the table, his heart sinking.
“Don’t think I don’t know what you’re trying to do.” Steve said, pulling away. He could taste himself in Tony’s mouth.
“One hundred and fifteen degrees in the Valley today with reports of blackouts across San Fernando-“ The weather man droned on. If the radio wasn’t sitting all the way across the room he’d of turned it off. Tony wanted to cry. He was hot and sweaty and feeling downright
“ Yeah, a little. The sleep was nice.” It really had been, he couldn’t remember the last time he’d slept like that.
And Tony needed friction. He needed Steve to do that to him
“ No. I don’t think anything. I think you stuck to what you believe in, and I’m proud of you for it.” Tony paused. “ We don’t have to talk about it anymore if you want. I won’t ask, and you don’t have to tell, not unless you feel like it.” Steve smiled at him and nodded, Tony could see tears glimmering in his eyes.
“ What’s it feel like to have someone big and strong beat the shit out of you huh?” The guy let out a choked sob, and Steve bit his lip, getting impatient. “ I asked you a question, asshole.” The guy was a sniveling coward, Steve was disgusted by him.
“Oh yeah. I’m gonna have a lot of fun with this.” Tony said, straddling Steve properly, dexterous fingers ghosting over Steve’s chest, soaking in his half lidded eyes and flushed face. Steve’s mouth was hanging open just a little, his lips were red and swollen. Flush creeped down his neck to his chest, and Tony smirked to himself as he though of the way it’d go all the way down when Steve was worked up enough.
“The Mariners got four runs in the first in-inning,” Steve said, the statement rushed as Tony got back to work as soon as he started speaking, sucking hard and taking him in deeper, until Steve could feel himself bump the back of Tony’s throat. He looked down to see Tony, spit dripping down his chin, red lips stretched around the base of his cock- it was a lot, it was almost too much when Steve’s eyes met Tony’s, which were screaming
“Perfect. I should have brought a camera, Rhodey will never believe I had a sleepover with Captain America.”
attention. Everyone showered him with attention. He was in magazines and newspapers after winning awards at his young age. His escapades featured on the news, 'Wiz Kid Tony Stark was spotted, drunk, outside of a Boston bar last night. The Bar is currently under investigation as to whether or not they served alcohol to the underage prodigy-"
Stuck in a tin can… the sounds of the ice shifting was… very loud sometimes. I'd wake up… long enough to realize, i think, maybe… just a few times. Wake up and hear the ice. It crawled against the side of the plane like nails across a chalkboard. Slowly. I’d remember. Remember where I was. No one around.
“For extra credits in my Psych courses, we had to ‘Help Ourselves to Help Others’ so I visited a psychiatrist for a few weeks. It was nice. Then I talked to war veterans - no shortage there. World War 2, the Korean war, Vietnam. Lots of guys came back and had a hard time readjusting to regular civilian life. Some had nightmares, or due to some trigger… uhm… something that startled them - they'd feel like they were back there. Back on the battlefield or in some other terrible event. It's… common, you're not alone.”
“Of course, Sir. Still, in the interest of good communication.”
"That's how relationships go." Steve sat up, crossing his arms over his chest. "If we had been dating all this time and I refused to have sex with you, you'd have thought it was weird or just dumped me. So Tony and I agreed that I should let our relationship move… naturally, to allay any suspicion."
“James Rhodes. Please be honest with me if Tony hired you to lie to me, I’ll make sure you still get paid.”
“You should get some sleep.” the younger man suggested.
Steve and Tony could be friends but Steve wanted to be with her.
Now Tony gave a small smirk at Steve’s jab but kept his eyes glued to the doorway Jarvis had exited from.
Tony figured it had been sitting around, waiting for its occupant far longer than Howard would ever admit.
Outside, a car horn honked and Rhodey went to his window. Sure enough, there sat a black town-car at the curb, windows tinted.
He stood and left the restaurant’s dining room, the ringing fading as he disappeared from sight.
Tony didn’t think the man would get violent with him but then again, he argued with himself, the man was a
“Alright,” Tony said, his stethoscope still on Steve’s chest, “time to lay down.”
Tony went over a few journals concerning out-of-schedule heats.
“Right.”
them together. She'd only heard them and even a shitty PR agent could spin the story that someone had impersonated their voices to fool her.
Steve opened his eyes and saw the ceiling.
Steve gave her a small smile, "I do love you, Sharon. You're wonderful. You're one of my dearest friends."
Was his relationship with Tony really worth that much to him? That anyone who stood in their way would be dealt with so callously?
Tony stared into his mug, thinking about how just a few hours ago, Steve had woken him up, screaming.
“Well, I think it's good that you're helping him navigate the future - just the thing you were made for.”
A knock sounded at the car door and Tony pushed it open.
They swayed to the music, holding each other close.
He cleared his throat, “Sorry, didn’t mean to interrupt.”
They rode the elevator in silence until Steve spoke up, “Maybe he’s throwing a surprise party.”
“Okay uh… well, honestly let’s stick with major stuff… we’ll get to Kubrick later. Back to space let’s go with E.T. that’s initials but the full title is E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial and oh boy, that’s Spielberg. Oh! Indiana Jones - I think you’ll like him. He fought Nazi’s too.”
Not that Tony was mean to her. Quite the opposite, the rare times they did see each other Tony was always kind and friendly. He asked about her schooling and gave her advice on which classes she should take when she reached high school. He'd even offered to help tutor her when her math grades had been lacking.
upset though.” The young man rubbed his hand over his face and beckoned Tony to follow him, leading him downstairs to the RA’s quarters where the only phone could be found in the dorms.
For a moment, Sharon had to cover her mouth to keep from laughing. She could hardly imagine straight-arrow Steve Rogers watching porn. He'd never even mentioned that he watched porn.
“ Goodnight, Tones.” He murmured, wrapping his arm around Tony’s middle, settling his head in the crook of his neck. Tony smiled in the dark.
“Did they win?” Tony asked, Steve could feel his breath on his dick and anticipated the warmth, but it didn’t come.
Tony hissed, squirming as a mouth pressed to his lenght over his boxers. It was only there for a second, because then his dick was out in the too hot night air.
They half jogged in silence for a long time. Natasha looked like she was thinking hard. Tony couldn’t handle the silence anymore.
"I was thinking about going down." Tony said quickly. Maria, who'd been gathering her things, paused. "I just need to see what happened to her." He said quickly. Maria didn't look convinced.
She finally responded nearly three minutes later.
“Certainly is, tell me, what do you do now that you’re a free man? Anything in particular?”
There was silence between them. The elevator doors closed.
Bruce put up a hand, Steve sat back, arms crossed.
“I don’t know. The only real option is sedatives. Can’t risk another life.” There was a long silence between the two of them, the same thought rattling around their heads.
Okay.
Steve had him maneuvered and pinned to the wall before he could finish the thought. His head thunked the drywall that hadn’t been replaced since the early nineties, if anything the momentary throb of the back of his head mingled with the pleasure of Steve running his cool tongue along the underside of his dick and swirling around the head.
"I'm not going to
The Kid asked, and Steve decided to make a point to talk to her more. She barely spoke, and when she did it was much too simple for a child of her age. She was small, but Steve could tell she was old enough to know how to speak in better formulated sentences. She just hadn’t been taught.
The statement made Tony pause.
He missed the odd distribution of weight in his hands, he missed the solid sounding thud they made when they came in contact with a body, he missed the bright red lines they made when he dragged them across skin,  he even missed the screaming-but that’s only because Steve only used knives on people who deserved it. Child molesters and pimps and rapists, the worst of the worst.
“I'm going to turn in. I think you should try and do the same.” Bruce said, turning his back on the cell as Steve stirred and sat up. Tony didn’t want to leave. He took a few steps backwards, still watching. He saw Steve speak, but soundproofing kept him from hearing any of the words that came from his mouth. Finally, he turned his back, exiting out the door Bruce held open for him.
It was midnight when Natasha showed up. She looked waterlogged and tired, and was standing in a small puddle on his front step.
God, he’d left him alive.
At least that’s what he told himself as he packed to go to the boxing gym. He kissed Tony goodbye and tried not to feel like a dick as he stepped out and walked a few blocks to get to a busy street so he could wave down a taxi. He had the lingering feeling that he was being followed, but he shrugged it off. The paranoia was a result of his frustration, he knew that.
“ I’m not sure, that’s what I’m trying to find out.” She said, uncertain. “This guy, this Bucky guy, he’ll have answers, though. I need you to find him. I’ll pay you whatever you-”
“ What have you done her?” Tony asked, still half dazed-but no make out or boner was good enough to make him forget this. This was a travesty.“ Steve Rogers you’ve been
Steve laughed quietly and pulled a shirt over his head, which was a shame. At some point a lot of Steve’s clothes migrated and mingled with his. Tony just had them washed with his pile, which was his unofficial way of asking Steve to move in.
"Morgan?" he called softly, stoping several feet away from her. He still could hardly see her, part of him was terrified too. Terrified to see what she might look like, to know what had brought her to him so soon. His thoughts fell to Steve a moment, wondering if he knew where their little girl was.
“What, you think money grows on trees!?” The voice was angry and harsh, and Steve for a moment thought the guy was just talking on the phone until he heard a little voice, a kid’s voice reply.
“ I am too.” Steve said, aloud. He wasn’t sure if he could walk much further. They were in the city, not twelve blocks away from Stark Tower. Steve wondered if it was the fear or exhaustion compelling him to duck into a stoop and let the kid off his back.
Tony smiled. He remembered holding Morgan the day she was born, Steve looking over his shoulder. They were a pair of speechless fools. Tony hadn't been able to process the squirmy little girl in his arms, she was too perfect. What he had been able to process though, was the overwhelming sense of his mother. He'd nearly been able to smell her perfume, it was so strong. As a man of science, he'd written it off as a manifestation of his wish for her to be there and moved on.
After all, Steve
“Always looking for fun, Nat. It can’t be like that anymore, though. I’ve got a guy now. A good one. Need to get some things sorted if I’m gonna keep him.” As Steve flattened out the sheet over the bed for the second time, he heard Natasha snort. It peeved him a little, but he needed her help.
"Hey, Steve. How's it going? Hows the--" he waved in the Kid's direction, and she looked at Steve pointedly. She was right.
Two hours and about nine more shots in Tony found himself with his back against a tree, sucking face with the one and only Steve Rogers. His mouth was hot and tasted like tequila. He was pressed close, head ducked down. There wasn’t enough air in the world for this, because these kisses were positively
The elevator opened and Steve stepped onto it.
“They…they caught up…” It was getting harder to speak now, because Tony was literally fucking his face down onto his dick and baseball was the last thing he was thinking about. He was getting close, he was getting so close, he could feel it rolling in his stomach, his toes curled. He was almost there, right on the edge. His grip tightened in Tony’s hair.
“ He’s normally busy, yeah, but he’s not with a client right now, if that’s what you mean. Go on in.”
“ What do you want, Pep?”
The party was bigger than Tony’d expected it to be. He nearly broke his neck getting out to it, the path his phone told him to take had him parking a half mile away from the spot. He carried the large bottle of vodka he held it close to his chest as he haphazardly stepped over rocks and shrubs. He was rather preoccupied, had been the entire week. He hadn’t even been able to get work done, and that was a first he wasn’t entirely proud to have. Steve was going to be here. Steve who’d plucked his phone right out of his hand and put his number in it. That had to be some sort of invitation, right? Tony felt his mouth go dry at the thought. What was Steve playing at? Could it be a joke? Tony didn’t really know him personally, but he knew him enough. Steve Rogers wasn’t the type to dump pig’s blood on anyone’s head at prom--or a party-- but Tony still worried the other shoe was going to drop. Mostly because he knew he deserved it, and the universe never seemed to miss out on an opportunity to give him just what he deserved. He was broken of the thoughts when he approached the party. It was in an almost too small clearing, if one could call it that. The surrounding trees were small and rather sparse, but there was more than enough distance between this spot and the camp grounds down the trail that they might get away with the music pumping out of the speakers without a noise complaint.
If any one could find them it'd be Tony.
“Bruce, check in.” there was a long pause. It was easy to see the frustration in the set of Bruce’s shoulders when the intercom rang out for perhaps the thirtieth time in the three hours he’d been working over the Kid.
“I didn’t.” Steve said, reaching across the driver passenger side, the side where Tony’d rubbed himself off until he’d come only moments ago, and pulled the door shut. “I’ll see you around Tony.” Steve said, rolling down the window.
Tony stole a quick glance towards his father, gauging his reaction, before returning to Steve and grasping his hand, “I’ve heard. Anthony Stark but I prefer Tony.”
“Excuse me, may I cut in?”
“Figured. You seemed pretty interested before…” the last word trailed out of Tony’s mouth slowly, his smile fading, “The hell? Did we already have this conversation? Is there a glitch in the Matrix?”
“We should finish up, lads. Mr. Stark requires Steven at the penthouse.” he said as he approached the table with an oddly cautious smile on his face.
“Do you know Peggy Carter?”
Carson sidled up beside Tony.
"Six?" Keisha repeated, "Oh–I can't really stay after hours, Dr. Stark."
would blame Tony for corrupting me." Steve rolled his eyes at this notion, "His profits would nosedive. It just isn't feasible right now."
“Yeah, of– of course.”
long?”
“No, no- I- I'm sorry I don't have answers for you.”
No, even at her young age, Sharon didn't think Tony needed
“So, I don’t know if you’d be interested, but we have spare scrubs laying around. You’re welcome to them if you’d like to get into something dry and just bring them back to the clinic when you’ve got a chance.” Tony said in an offhand manner.
“I just googled Tony Stark and Rhodey and there’s a bunch of pics of you two hanging out.”
Tony froze, breath caught in his throat.
Steve exhaled sharply and closed his eyes for a moment, “Okay- uhm… do you… think you stand a chance with me? That’s pretty presumptuous.”
“The point I seem to be meandering towards is… the compliments and nicknames - is that a
Steve peered out and took a deep breath.
“I am.”
He had definitely caught on.
“Tony- have you already embarrassed me in front of Captain America before I’ve even had a chance to introduce myself?”
"You're looking good, Sharon. You got a haircut, no? Frames your face beautifully."
Steve finally succeeded at getting his pants and boxer-briefs down and kicked them off into a soggy lump. As he reached for the sodden garments, he seemed to freeze for a moment. Now that his ass was free of its denim prison, Tony could easily smell Steve’s arousal. Tony lifted his chin and parted his lips to scent the air and nearly let out a groan. There it was. Exactly as he remembered. Like honeysuckle on a warm summer breeze and an underlying note of apple pie. Tony could practically hear the firecrackers overhead or maybe distant thunder and rain rolling in. Steve shot back up, clumsily threw his clothes at a nearby chair, and awkwardly shuffled to the table, his thighs squeezed together. He gingerly sat on the exam table as he kept his head down and then grabbed the sheet to cover what looked like an impressive erection.
Tony stayed back, wondering if he should return home, when Howard motioned for him to follow as well, “Come along, Tony. Some of this will involve you.”
So when Steve had appeared, it was no great surprise that he and Tony had become fast friends. Close friends.
"But you fell in love with me, didn't you?"
“... a boxing gym? Yeah… there’s ones around. Shouldn’t be too hard to find. Jarvis is the master of the Yellow Pages.”
“Thanks a bunch, Honey bunch.”
Jarvis drove faster than usual through the city streets.
It wasn’t as if Howard had given him much of a chance to try.
“I’m guessing that’s not your normal response.”
Peggy stood and turned to greet them, “Hello, boys.”
“I don't think I've ever seen one of those in action.” Rhodey said with a laugh, “Scared the mess outta me.”
A knock sounded at the door and both men turned to stare at it.
“Just joking, Cap, Rhodey claims I must be part robot.”
Tony wondered how he let himself be talked into this. Not that he was all that surprised.
Steve glanced around, “Wouldn’t happen to have a notepad around, would you?”
“Will there be a clown?” Steve asked.
“When am I not?”
Steve looked up at him, “Is she okay? I mean, alive, good health?”
Steve went pink at the compliment and Clint cooed at him, with a mouthful of pizza.
“Captain America, you nerd!”
Steve didn't flinch or make a face. He nodded, "Yes. We were having sex."
Tony smirked, “I have absolutely no idea who you’re talking about.”
He squeezed his eyes shut and tried to remember, ‘
There was only an alleyway and the view of the next building.
He risked a glance at Steve who was now staring at him.
“And probably not even that.” Tony spoke up.
“Got it all filled out, Mr. Rogers?”
It certainly didn’t help that Howard seemed to assume, because Tony wasn’t the spitting image of Steve Rogers in body and personality, that the young man was a failure.
sorry, Sharon. It was a mistake."
Steve was still sitting up but his head was hanging, chin to chest and Tony figured that would be a good way to wake up with a sore neck.
Tony stood up, smiling and glancing at the door as it closed behind him, “Good morning.”
Tony Stark? Do you really think you can win?"
When had Tony managed to turn Steve's head? Was it recent? Had Steve fallen out of love with Sharon and, buoyed by their close contact, fallen into Tony's arms?
” Tony yelped and backed up against the door, “I’m his son! My name’s Tony- Anthony Stark!”
"What's Ty think about your idea, Ru?"
the way Tony wished
So he took it apart and that was how Steve found him when he woke up.
“Easy one! He wears the national colors on his uniform.”
The man was so desperate for Tony’s knot, he was dripping slick. Tony
But now…
, huh? So you call me and tell me?”
“Impossible.” He said after a moment, eyes flitting to take in all of Tony’s appearance before focusing on his face, “You’ve gotta be seventeen, tops.”
“Christ, no- things are much different now. You can go to a very nice psychiatrist. Nice clean office with a comfortable chair and talk to someone who understands what stress and trauma does to people and how to help.” Steve frowned.
They stared at each other for a quiet moment before Tony broke the silence, “Who the hell are you?”
“Everything is fantastic, Tony! We did it! We found him!”
“I’m gonna have to find a nurse or something.” Tony said, “No one’s out there. Can’t get good help these days.” He chuckled but the sound of was flat and humorless.
She knew he'd admired Steve Rogers long before the man resurfaced.
Tony moved towards the door and Steve swung his legs over the side of the bed, “Wait- please, Howard- I’m not hungry- is- how long have I been-?”
"Not a problem. I can do the processing, billing, and check out procedures myself."
For a moment, Tony thought Steve was going to refuse again but then Steve lifted his hands and began to unbutton his shirt. As Steve finished pulling it off, Tony held out his hand, “Let me get that for you. Oh– I’ve got a hanger in my office. Just a sec.”
“Maybe a collective. A small gathering.”
Beneath his hands, Steve shuddered and clutched desperately at the creaking table.
? But why…? Why me?"
Tony began by showing a digital version of the basic model of an arm prosthetic. He took several measurements of Bucky’s remaining arm and hand and input the data so that the digital version changed to look like a replica.
“No kittens but the day is still young.” Steve replied, good-naturedly, “So what's the plan?”
Tony adopted a soothing tone, gently explaining that there could be a number of reasons Steve was experiencing an unscheduled pre-heat. "Stress, not getting enough sleep, meeting someone highly compatible–"
Tony snorted, “Aren’t we supposed to be talking about you?”
“You never disappoint me.”
“If you’ll follow me, we’ll check your vitals, Mr. Rogers.” Tony watched him from the corner of his eye. He really was quite gorgeous. Tony had met hundreds of beautiful people, but this Mr. Rogers seemed to hold himself differently. He seemed to be more cautious. Not as confident as good-looking people tended to be.
All the lovely comments were so appreciated!
"I'm just saying 'Hi', Sharon. Nothing more than that, honest." Tony slid his phone free from his coat pocket and glanced at his screen. His nonchalance grated at her nerves.
“You're an angel, Pepper Potts!”
"No, I didn't."
. Tony felt his cock stir with interest.
“Oh, calm down. Dad assigned me to teach Steve about life in the year 1991.”
"You were here the other night, weren't you? When I was with Tony."
Your tongue is a
Steve chuckled again and the bed-springs resumed squeaking, quietly and then increasing in noise.
“He’s a very special young man. He will change the world.” Jarvis said, confidently.
“You might reconsider that when you hear what your schedule looks like today.”
“How dare you.”
“That sounds like him alright.” Rhodey admitted, “Sorry.”
“Maybe… did other stuff, too. Ever hear about Fawcett Comics? Did some work for them on their Captain Marvel character.”
Tony gestured for Steve to relax, “I’ll be back in just a sec.”
Unthinkingly glancing up towards where the receptionist was talking to the patient at the counter, Tony Stark caught sight of the most beautiful man he’d ever seen.
Steve graced him with a warm smile and Tony thought he could see why Howard was so obsessed with this man.
realize my Dad’s been searching for him ever since then? And it’s been 46 years? Read a book sometime.”
Steve looked at Tony, surprise evident on his face.
“You walked past your window a few times.”
“But I
"Tony, you sweet-talker, how was work?"
Tony could just imagine sinking his teeth into Steve’s pale thighs and leaving teeth marks.
“She works so much, Steve, she’s probably currently out in the field. In the meantime, I just want to assure you that everything Anthony told you is true.”
Sure, he didn’t wear a cape or fly but he beat the bad guy, every time! Well… almost every time.
He studied himself in the mirror and rubbed his bare chin. Howard and Obadiah Stane had agreed that it was best to make sure that Captain America- or rather,
Tony laughed in spite of himself, “Why would you be sorry? You’re the guy that’s supposed to be here.” He shook Bucky’s hand and gestured to the chair sitting before the desk.
“Dr. Stark, the test results for Ms. Brown have updated in her file.” Tony turned his attention to his medical assistant.
“Anthony, there will be plenty of time for you to dive into the family company – you’re only eighteen years old.”
Steve chuckled, “Maybe he can come next time.”
Tony gasped, “You! You’re a troll!”
6:25 rolled around and Tony shut off the TV in the waiting room. Unbelievable. Steve Rogers hadn't shown up and worse, he didn't even have the decency to call.
"Fine. Had a great day," Tony answered in a clipped tone.
“Good job, boy scout.” Tony replied, “Did you save any kittens up there, too?”
but by all means, please comment and tell me what you think!
“Oh my god.” Tony gasped in horror.
"I can take him."
They sat in silence for what felt like hours before Tony’s heart stopped feeling as though it would explode out of his chest.
“Some experiences are wholly our own, Steve. However just an empathetic ear can be a great comfort.”
Music that was starting to grate on Tony’s ears after hearing the same songs loop for the 20th time.
“Well then, until he gets here, we’re just going to have to discuss your prosthetic.”
. Tony imagined that one day Steve would be bred and his beautiful tits would be full of milk for his pup.
He looked away from Steve, shrugging, “Nothing some good communication and listening couldn't help but neither one of us are too good at the listening part.”
. Ste-
A better PR agent could even spin the story that her hurt feelings were enough to overcome her good senses and cause her to overreact and lash out. And if she was so easy to manipulate, what kind of danger could that pose in her line of work?
"Are you sure?"
He looked like the perfect all-American: healthy, blond, wide-shoulders. Straight as a whistle, fit as a fiddle. Long dark lashes that fluttered against his cheeks as he slept, perhaps dreaming. Pretty lips. Big hands.
“Tony said they were trying to make me comfortable and convince me we were still in the 40s.” Steve explained.
Tony watched Steve’s eyes flick to the computer, a look of unease on his perfect features, “Um,” his voice caught. His expression shifted into one of compliance.
Steve frowned again and began spinning his pen in one hand.
Steve went silent again for a few moments, eating the last of the food on his plate.
“Volume down, Steve.”
was the ideal son that Tony could never seem to be.
“Alright. Where were we? Oh–” Tony pulled a penlight from his front pocket. “Say ‘ah,’ please.”
“Steven, please.”
They broke things off, of course. She told him she never wanted to work with him again and Steve had calmly agreed. "I'll make sure we're not placed on the same assignments."
Steve slowed, frowning. He stopped and lowered his hand.
------
The knock sounded again, “Stark, wake up! You got a phone call!”
Merely a myth, Tony knew and yet… the idea had its merits. After all, no one could guess when they'd meet a truly compatible mate and with the millions of doctors and millions of omegas in the world, it seemed reasonable that two would pair up after meeting during an exam. Getting Steve Rogers on his table and then watching the mind-meltingly hot man go into heat right there,
Steve nodded and Tony lifted his palms till just his fingertips were touching the man’s chest. He moved his fingers over the pinkened flesh to Steve’s areolas and wondered if he could make the man come by just playing with his nipples.
Tony assured Steve they were on the lookout for any potentially serious issues and invited him to the exam room.
“Steve-” Tony reached over to touch his shoulder.
it would feel amazing to free his cock and bury himself in the humiliated omega’s tight hole. To finally give Steve what his body was so clearly demanding.
Steve gave him a quick smile. He glanced away then, the smile melting off his face and cleared his throat.
“You- Tony, I need to know if you’re being serious with me.”
It didn’t matter anyway. At least one of the two men in that room would be comfortable.
“Why don’t we head into the back and get started? No need to keep either of us here any later than necessary.”Just before Tony turned away, he caught a glimpse of Steve’s contrite face. He smirked as Steve apologized again for his tardiness.
. Still, he reasoned as he blocked this latest number, it might grant him a few days of silence.
Steve grinned, “Thanks, though. Nothing wrong with appreciating beauty.”
“So… you
Tony wasn’t quite sure how to feel about finally
“Did that hurt?”
“No- no, no” Tony held his hand to his chest, clutched at his pounding heart, “No, god, don't apologize. I'm- I'm so sorry.”
Steve’s heart thudded in his chest. He nodded miserably and began to move with a sound of damp paper sliding on leather. Steve turned an even deeper shade of red and settled onto his back. A splendid erection stood proudly beneath the sheet over his lap.
At that admission, Steve shifted beneath him and Tony could swear he saw the omega’s cock jump beneath the sheet covering his lap. When Tony turned his head, Steve made a whining sound, gasping out, “Don’t look!” as his body attempted to jackknife- his knees going up and his thighs clenching closed.
Tony cleared his throat, “Yes- we- uh, we’re in New York but… Peggy’s not here.”
“I don’t think so,” Steve murmured, his gaze spacing out. He began to relax beneath Tony’s hands. Tony made a soft noise of approval and increased the pressure for a moment before abruptly pulling his hands away. Steve drifted forward an inch before his eyes snapped open and he straightened.
Tony’s mouth snapped shut.
Steve looked up at him, his face carefully blank.
"Well that's you then, isn't it?"
“What exactly are you accusing me of here?”
“It's not- you don't have to apologize.” Steve said softly.
Tony stepped out, expecting to find Howard and Obie flipping out but instead the room was empty.
, don’t make me come back there!” Jarvis called from the front.
Jarvis blinked at the three young men’s identical looks of confusion, “It’s not a bad thing! No kind of life-endangerment. Hurry along now.”
He realized Steve could see his expression reflected in the mirror.
He pulled into the parking garage of his building and his phone began ringing.
He sighed, "You have to know there was never any kind of 'competition' between us, Sharon." Tony punctuated the word with air quotes.
“Clearly to show you just how good I look in lace, Mr. Stark-Rogers. Did I disappoint?”
“Everyone likes Queen. Who told you what ‘hot’ means?”
“Tony.”
“Well… you can call me Rhodey. The only person who calls me James is my mom when she’s mad at me. ‘
“That- that sounds good.”
He could definitely imagine those perfect pink lips parted to take his dick. Tony wondered if that blush went all the way down. Did it color his tits?
He stopped before a laughing Tony and Natasha.
Tony shrugged, “Yeah… maybe I should check on Jarvis.” He stood up, pushing his chair back with an ungainly squeal against the floor.
“You wound me.”
“No, don’t worry about it,” Tony assured him, eyes darting downward. “It’s a common reaction.”
He's the real deal, Rhodey! Real. Deal.”
"No? What?"
“Were you fooled for a second? I’ve seen photos of Mr Stark in the 40s and Tony can’t grow a mustache.” Rhodey smirked.
"Has this been going on for long…? Once?"
. Tony was his doctor. He needed to remember that. Tony busied himself with preparing the exam room. He logged onto the computer and input all the relevant information for Steve’s visit. Then, as a last-minute thought, he shut off the monitor.
The older man gave Tony’s shoulder a firm squeeze and gestured for Steve to follow, “We have a lot to discuss.”
"No, I'm not gay." Steve agreed. "Bisexual, yes."
But no. Sharon knew who it was. She thought maybe she'd always known who Steve could cheat on her with. She hadn't wanted to dwell on the idea that Steve Rogers could cheat on her, but the thought had occurred to her long before she crept quietly into his apartment that night.
“And you’re crazy if you let this opportunity go. From the way Bucky tells it, the guy was drooling all over you. Call him!”
“No. I don’t mind,” he muttered and turned his face away from Tony. Tony reached out and drew one finger against Steve’s areola, not even touching the firm bud of his nipple, and was delighted to witness Steve arching off the table with a broken gasp.
But working for Shield had also kept Sharon in close contact with Steve Rogers and it was a lovely surprise when the man suddenly asked her out.
Without fully thinking about it, Tony lifted his chin slightly and subtly scented the air.
“I'm hanging out with Captain America, Maple Syrup. Sweet, but slow.”
Sharon trembled. Sure enough.
He was perfect. Okay, he probably wasn’t. Tony knew that - as a medical doctor he definitely knew that but this man seemed to glow with healthy beauty. He bobbed his head at the receptionist.
“That’s correct. I was an aide under a General when Master Stark was able to help me in a difficult situation.”
A knock sounded at the door and the two men looked towards the door. Nat poked her head in, “Look who I found wandering around outside.”
- so good. So tight- Tony, love the way you feel. Being inside you. Love being inside you- love you-"
Tony and Howard made similar vague noises.
Howard’s plan, however, seemed to be going a bit far. And for Tony, that was saying something.
"You know, most folks say thanks when people compliment them, dear. It's just good manners."
sorry… you went through that. No one- I'm sorry you're
“Good call.” he rubbed his neck.
the man his father never stopped talking about. Howard spoke of
“Alright, I’m going to listen to your heart and lungs, alright?”
"I don't care what you've got to say."
“Of course. Of course,” Tony spoke softly, “Didn’t stop till we found you.”
Steve nodded, “Tony said… sometimes people who experienced war… come back changed.”
Steve laughed at that. “I was born in 1918, thank you very much. Contrary to popular belief, I was not a soldier in the American Revolution or the Civil War.”
“I’d been asleep for 45 years, James, things were a little blurry when I woke up. 2 minutes.”
“Uh huh, you realize Captain America disappeared 40 years ago over the Atlantic,right?”
Tony smiled, “The times, they are changing. Lead singer of that band, Queen? Gay.”
Steve squinted again, disbelief on his features, “The… the one with the shiny pants? And the hair?”
Sharon's heart stuttered in her chest. "You and Tony…?"
Sharon imagined Natasha, with her effortlessly curled red hair splayed across the pillow and her long, ballet-dancers legs wrapped around Steve's waist as he rutted into her.
“Good morning, Tony.”
“Something amiss, young Sirs?” Jarvis asked, pulling Tony from his thoughts.
Yawning, Tony wondered if he should awaken the man or let him sleep there.
"Tigher. Yeah." Steve grunted, "So tight, sweetheart, you feel
“You’ve even got his accent. Very impressive.”
"Why don't you tell me what's going on. The nurse mentioned hot flashes and excessive slick production, is that right?"
“I’m sure we can try. Of course we can. I’ll make some calls.”
"Like I said, I'm willing to do what's best for Tony and I, even if that means
Tony repeated the action again, and then again. Steve’s reactions grew more and more desperate and when the man’s hands thrashed against the tent his cock made of the sheet on his lap, Tony lifted his hands.
. You want to make a
Sharon stared at him, "You… how did you know I was here?"
Steve looked up at him, “Movies? At home? What a world.”
Tony sighed. Steve Rogers needed a doctor right now, not a horny alpha who couldn't even do his job.
