“It’s no good, we’ve lost him.”
John took the fuel upstairs and came back for Rosie and the suits. He quickly lit the fire, and they ate their supper. John gave Rosie a bath then brought her through to the sitting room to sit by the fire for a story, holding his clean and sweet-smelling daughter on his lap John felt the most at peace for days.
Sobering up John orders, “Out of my way!”
Four dancing men and Tungsten, a red circle with a diagonal line, a satyr – “Aha! Go forward, do not stray!”
“Okay, I just wondered, what with your mum and dad off to the States.”
Mind you, the shock of seeing a whey faced Mycroft land at the foot of her stairs could have been enough to kill her. He was in a state. She might have relented and made him a cup of tea… if the landing hadn’t been ablaze.
“Not since the weekend.”
Slowly, Sherlock’s life began to resemble the life held had led five years ago, before Baker Street, before The Fall, before John. Lestrade appeared at his door one morning with a case that lived up to its potential as a seven. Shortly afterwards a private client engaged Sherlock with a fat cheque and some missing documents. It was a solitary life but until John, Sherlock had never expected anything else. He bore more than just physical scars to mark his time away. While the wounds on his back were tight and itchy and Sherlock blamed them for keeping him awake at night, the two years on the run, perpetually on the lookout, anticipating danger, had left him permanently changed. Mycroft worried about him and called into Baker Street far too often and got on Sherlock’s nerves, his solicitude a thin disguise for ensuring his little brother was staying off the sweeties. Sherlock was lonely but projected the sentiment onto his brother just for the reaction it produced.
“Yes Sir, until half past eight, last admission seven forty-five.”
The bedroom door opened, and Sherlock emerged, John stared at him, trying to determine if his friend was looking or acting differently. Sherlock seemed flushed, his neck peeking out from his open shirt looked blotchy, and his eyes, were they really sparkling? John tried to work out how long Sherlock had been gone.
"From whom?"
Sunday - it's a long one
“We instruct all the boys in the noble art of letter writing, so useful in later life, and we encourage all parents to write to their boys. It gives them something to look forward to.”
Alice immediately began to speak to Sherlock, repeating much of what she had told John, while extolling the virtues of Paul Cloete.
“I only mentioned the first set to Patrick a while after they appeared. To my surprise he took it very seriously, and begged me if any more came to let him see them, well I thought maybe he had an idea for a novel. None did come for a week, and then yesterday morning I found that paper I sent you in the photograph lying on the sun-dial in the garden. I showed it to Patrick and he almost fainted, since then he’s been walking around like a man afraid of his own shadow. It was that made me decide to contact you, Mr Holmes. It was not a thing that I could take to the police; they would laugh in my face, but please tell me you’ll take the case.”
But John was more than just an appreciative audience, he was capable of insights of his own. “You see a lot, don’t you? Doesn’t it all get too much at times?”
Monday night in the
“It certainly sounded like it… Too soon?”
“True, but usually when we talk about the elephant in the room it something unseen”
“And I, Dr Watson, return the sentiment”
Sherlock could almost see the weight falling from John’s shoulders. “I really thought you knew I bought it this campaign.”
Greg managed to stop laughing long enough to say, “It seems that Sherlock has proposed to John, and John has accepted, who’d have thought he had it in him.”
Reluctant today to put her down in her cot he manoeuvred himself without waking her, until he was flat out on the couch and lay there, the warm comforting weight on his chest counteracting the immeasurable sadness inside. Sherlock had always had a natural affinity with small children, he loved Watson, no doubt he would have loved her for being part of John, but he also loved her for herself. He found her endlessly fascinating, so much to discover in her development every day. John worried that he imposed on Sherlock when he called on him for childcare, but he couldn’t have been further from the truth.
“John, she fascinates me, I haven’t seen such a splendid example of her sex since we solved that little local difficulty for Mycroft and his employer.”
Sherlock walked through the dip with John a couple of times and then announced they would do the whole routine from the top, he restarted the track, and they took their positions. John thought he was beginning to get the hang of it, he was no longer consciously counting in his head which allowed him to listen to the music and the words of the song. They seemed kind of melancholy he thought as he listened more carefully.
Sherlock scoured the open countryside; they were travelling over a few low hills that were devoid of all vegetation apart from a scattering of gorse bushes and a few blades of stiff wiry grass. There were occasional ancient tracks, leading to ruined habitation but mostly the truck cut through the open land, avoiding the places where the jagged granite pushed through the sparce topsoil like a broken bone. The truck bounced and dipped along the rugged terrain, but Sherlock had to agree that it was a more comfortable ride that he might have expected.
Steve turned the car, waved and headed back down the drive, leaving John and Sherlock to the gushing Headmaster.
“You know the score. First, he saved my life, dragging me out of the bad place I was in when we met; then he was a friend, and I loved him like a brother. Then he died and something in me died with him. Well you know what I was like…”
“I understand the need to stir, although I cannot see why you need my assistance, it is your hip that troubles you not your wrist. But why you wish me to engage in some superstitious ritual while doing so is beyond me.”
Rosie fell asleep in his arms and he took her upstairs to bed, he set the monitor up and then went back down to the kitchen where he poured himself a scotch. Back in his chair in the sitting room, he took out his list, the one he had written in the pub with Greg just ten days ago, with a slight sense of achievement he struck through the word
“But if you cannot see it, is it really there?”
“Exactly, and while it could have been argued this was an impulsive decision, Mrs Flugrath lived for another twelve months without taking the opportunity to revoke that will.”
Greg nodded.
Miss Sutherland was immediately defiant, “lots of women all over the world marry complete strangers and are happy without knowing half as much about their husbands to be as I know about Ian.  Why in ‘
The Duke’s photographs had not misrepresented him, he was a tall and stately person, scrupulously dressed, but his face was drawn and there were dark shadows beneath his eyes.  There was something about him that reminded Sherlock of his brother, or at least one of his cronies, and Sherlock took an instant dislike to him solely on that account. Beside him stood a young man, around twenty-five or six, who Sherlock assumed to be Wilder, the personal assistant. He was small, nervous, alert with intelligent light-blue eyes and mobile features. It was Wilder who at once, in an incisive and positive tone, opened the conversation.
“I deny it.”
“That’s it, I think I might have read a couple,” John sounded excited. “Secret agents, spies, that sort of thing, similar vein as James Bond.”
Juanita who for thirty five years had dealt with all manner of unpleasantness cleaning a hotel that had seen better days was more than a match for a jumped up consulting detective. After all, he wasn’t even a proper policeman.
Noting that the day had turned cloudy and remembering that Rosie had gone out that morning wearing only a light summer dress Sherlock thought he should take a cardigan for his goddaughter when he went to collect her from the child minder. He ran up the stairs to the bedroom John shared with his daughter since his return to Baker Street.
“Wow, your father owned Sutherland & Co? Wow, that’s amazing!” Chris exclaimed but appeared to be overcome with awe as he only managed another quiet ‘wow’ after that.
Sherlock adopted a sorrowful expression, “I am sorry, the item is most precious, and I promised to deliver it into her hand.”
“Who Mycroft?”
Crowley glared at the kettle on the stove and it began to whistle, he made Aziraphale a cup of tea and sat down to listen to angel’s tale of woe. It did, as Crowley had surmised, concern the insufferable Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson.
John’s first thought as he slowly surfaced from sleep the next morning, apart from a deep sense of contentment and marvelling at the warmth and comfort of the bed was…
They had not discussed what they should do next, but Steve had obviously made the decision for them, as he took the route back the way they had come that morning. They had just reached the sharp turn in the lane on the approach to the Priory School when Sherlock’s mobile rang. Sitting next to Sherlock, John observed the subtle changes in the detective’s body language as he read the name of the caller before answering. Stiff. Defensive.
The bombardment continues, the tour extended, all leave is cancelled.
“What do you want Sherlock, for me to list all the rotten choices I have made since I met you? We all make choices, every day; shall I get up now? Shall I have toast for breakfast? Most are so mundane we don’t even notice we are making them. Some are significant and life changing and we don’t even notice making them either. Some bad choices turn out for the best, some good choices end in misery, like I said to you before… It is what it is…”
Sighing fondly over the shambles Sherlock has reduced the flat in Montague Street to.
“Undoubtedly your best effort so far … however I think I must say I am not optimistic about your chances of success”
He sent Mary a quick goodnight text, and after using the bathroom tucked into bed. It really was comfortable, with scented linens and the fluffiest duvet. It was vaguely disorientating to be on his own after so many months of sharing with Mary but deciding to make the most of it he spread himself diagonally and swiftly fell asleep.
“Go on.”
The kitchen staff were doing their best with oil lamps and a gas ring, so there was at least a cup of tea, but anything hot was off the menu.
John knew that he should go back and raise the alarm, but if he did then he would lose them, and anyway his instinct was to keep going. The gates were designed to open automatically as you approached them, and they did just that and John sailed through them. John guessed the pickup would be heading for Mackleton intending to join the A road beyond, but they would have to go round by the lane which was narrow and winding, while John could take the short cut across the fields along the bridle path which would bring him out at the crossroads much quicker. He had done it many times before during the summer, and with the moon so bright the way held no surprises for him.
“Little brother has taken the case, but he must never suspect you of working for me. Are you clear on that, Watson?”
“I wish…”
“I was jealous.”
John works his way down the list, champagne, bridesmaids, flowers, and Sherlock cannot help but be drawn in. He is already building an extension in his Mind Palace for the minutiae of John and Mary’s wedding.
Sherlock had been over to Barts to examine a corpse that had been found in a cellar in Battersea with no apparent cause of death or distinguishing marks. John had cried off because, despite the fact he liked Molly, her particular brand of sympathy, puppy eyes and arm patting, wore a bit thin after the first half a dozen times. John had mentioned something about a Bond film that night, and a takeaway, pleased that things seemed to be revert to the way they had been three years before, Sherlock had promised to be home in good time.
“Because of what he said.” Robbie replied.
“You see, what you did, Doctor Watson...specifically because of your moral code...because you don’t want blood on your hands, two people are dead instead of one”
“He’s American,” Sherlock was dismissive, “writes novels.”
Their food arrived and the deductions were put on hold until John had finished, and Sherlock had eaten enough.
. His second, rather less edifying thought was
“What?” Sherlock replied, startled.
“But never caught, not until now… that’s amazing.”
“I suspected the mother and stepfather immediately, what was missing was motive. I am now 99% certain that Mr and Mrs Windibank are behind the letters, I just need one final piece of the puzzle which I trust Mary will send to me tomorrow.”
“Seriously?”
“Of course, I have a photograph, it was one of the first things I asked for. It is upstairs under my pillow; I’ll fetch it now.”
******
Greg looked at his own intended, noting his shocked expression hadn’t changed. “What’s the matter?”
With his neatly clipped hair and vowels, Aziraphale gave the impression of being vaguely ex-military,  British, intelligent and that he was gayer than a treeful of monkeys on nitrous oxide. Crowley thought that when it came to flirting with Sherlock Holmes all four would provide essential weapons in the campaign.
Sherlock knows what is coming next, and would do anything to avoid the inevitable, but John soldiers on, oblivious to the pain he is causing his friend and asks.
In the sitting room, John opened the desk drawer where they kept their important papers, Mary’s passport, medical card and birth certificate were missing, but she had left the cheque book and bank card for their joint account.
“Have you told Dinah?”
“Blimey.” John’s voice registered his mixture of shock and awe.
and Sherlock immediately began his assessment…
Sherlock cursed inwardly, “I am afraid Dr Watson is far too exhausted to be interviewed by anyone, and as for me, I am intending to return to London this evening.”
Sherlock had lit a fire which was burning brightly behind the new fire guard. John cooked the ‘thing with peas’ for supper and Mrs Hudson joined them, after all she was on duty for the Christmas dinner.
“So, the real Sherlock Holmes, what would he like to do next?”
“You think so? “
Sherlock said it sounded like the Duke didn’t allow a lot of things. Steve agreed “Yep, he’s a very private man, he wouldn’t have any strangers on the land if he could help it. The footpaths are public right of ways but no doubt he’d close those if he could.”
Mary continued working through the table plan, trying to cross reference the seating with the cards in her hand. When it seemed that Sherlock wasn’t about to return any time soon, she commandeered John to help her.
******
A bullet comes from nowhere and strikes Carter, there’s little to be done but John cannot abandon hope without a fight. It’s while he is bent over trying to breathe life into his fallen comrade that the sniper’s second bullet strikes John in the shoulder.
Aveling is a character from the Granada TV version of this ACD story, borrowed because Sherlock needed an assistant.
Sherlock did as he was told, while John presented Rosie with some orange coloured pap. Sherlock paced the room watching Rosie out of the corner of his eye. She seemed determined to torment him playing with her food rather than eating it, but eventually her head began to droop and John decided she had managed enough and he took her off to her bedroom to sleep.
He faced Moriarty, Magnussen and hostile Serbians but never has Sherlock been so thoroughly beaten.
Sherlock gave him a look which clearly said don’t be an idiot.
As to that, Sherlock might be inexperienced but was not completely ignorant.  He had deduced a long time ago that John was a conscientious lover, Sherlock felt it would be safe to put himself in John’s capable hands when it came to the physical side of marriage. If John wanted him, then he would want John back.
“If I must.”
It was late when Sherlock got home from the Yard and 221 was in darkness. Despite intensive questioning the night porter still refused to reveal who had been with the girl (Kelly Ann Whitaker, 17) at the time she had died and there were frustratingly few leads. Why TV cop shows got away with basing so many discoveries on CCTV he didn’t know. In the end Lestrade had called it a day and charged the man with various drug offences, perverting the course of justice and preventing the lawful and decent burial of a body, remanded him in custody and gone home to bed. Sherlock had also gone home although sleep was the last thing on his mind.
“Soli what?”
At Great Malvern, they found a taxi to take them the seven miles to Boscombe, it was no longer sleeting, instead fine flakes of snow were falling, glinting in the lamplight.
, I was afraid that you would genuinely fall for her, she seemed to have all the attributes you go for. I wasn’t capable of rational thought about the situation at all.
Sherlock’s next port of call was to the kitchens; the boys had their main meal at midday so there was only a skeleton crew in to provide them with tea and to cook for the residential staff. He had already deduced that while an establishment such as The Priory School might employ a residential Head Cook, or catering manager, the bulk of the staff would be drawn from the surrounding villages and know the area well.
John in his role as best man had spent the whole day, between appointments scouring the internet for possible routes for Greg to get home. The wedding was at two o’clock on Saturday at the Guildhall in central London. There was a plane that got into Heathrow at ten past twelve, if Greg could get to Aberdeen airport for half past nine Saturday morning, and the Met blue lighted him at the other end, then he might just make it.
Mycroft ignored Sherlock completely. “You may recall that you asked me to track down a marriage certificate pertaining to his Grace’s younger brother.”
Sherlock remembered slightly late to thank the woman and went back to examining what was left of the cupboard door, complaining loudly to anyone in his vicinity of the mess that had been made of it when it was forced.
The evening of the Wedding Day - Baker Street
Then there were the local bobbies, who seemed to manage to combine the burning resentment that another force had been brought in with a deep and abiding hatred of the English to make a particularly toxic mix. He didn’t understand what they were saying half the time and he was sure that was deliberate, he’d worked alongside plenty of jocks in London and he’d never had a problem before.
Buckling a remarkably cooperative Rosie into her pushchair he headed out to the shops.
“’Holderness, 10th Duke, K.G., P.C.' blah, blah! 'Baron Beverley, Earl of Carston' and the rest! 'Lord Lieutenant of Hallamshire since 2000. Married Natasha, daughter of Pieter Petrovitch, 1997. Four children, Olga, Marianna, Estella and Arthur, Lord Saltire… What is it Mrs Hudson?”
“Then Mary suddenly decides she wants a boyfriend and a home of her own, that must have given them a shock… enough to do something about it do you reckon?”
“Because it didn’t ring true, the note, the ex, South Africa, all of it. Mary was never impulsive in all the time I knew her, she was thoughtful, calculated, exact… She wouldn’t just take off like that. I went to Mycroft instead of going to the police.”
“Who?”
There had been considerable progress in the translation of the code during their absence. The messages on the blackboard now read.
The grip relaxes slightly, “Can you stay?”
, Sherlock thought,
Sherlock thought
“He didn’t say anything I didn’t know already.”
“Mrs Hudson” Sherlock exclaimed when he finally got past the tree and into his own home “What are you doing?”
“Not to your nephew?”
“It requires a great deal of artifice to appear so natural…”
“Of course, it is time for you to join your friends and see if they have any money left after their day on the machines.”
he thought before trying again.
“Why did you make me wait so long, after you came back here?” Sherlock asked.
Twenty-three, two years out of university, not a tourist so obviously working for the IT company situated on the bypass, a very small cog in a mediocre wheel. He was young, he should get out while he could. The clairvoyant made a show of consulting his crystal ball.
“It’s raining. You don’t have a car, you had no coat, you’ve let yourself go, and you haven’t left your home for at least week except to wander the streets of London with me eating chips”
She was fond of John and on the whole she liked their life together, it was in marked contrast to the life she had had for much of the previous fourteen years, but then again, perhaps not, it was somehow to be expected that her fiancé’s best man had faked his death for over two years.
It was therefore Crowley the angel turned to for advice on changing his physical form into something likely to attract the interest of the discerning consulting detective.
In the corridor outside the Headmaster’s study Sherlock found the teacher who had greeted them on arrival. He introduced himself as Tony Aveling, the geography master, and said.
“You wouldn’t dare. Ok we’ll both ask her.”
******
“Go on”
The first message had contained fifteen figures but this only represented ten different letters, if letters was what they were, and he couldn’t see what else they could be. Side by side, Sherlock could see that while the second message contained a further nine figures, it duplicated all but three of the first set. It was most frustrating as his twenty-four stick men only represented twelve individual letters, less than half the alphabet.
“Very interested Mrs King, how is he?”
“I think we can agree on that one”
Sherlock, when he arrived at the hotel, was far more interested in the cupboard than the corpse. He took a perfunctory inspection of the girl’s body which confirmed what he had already surmised that she was a sex worker who had died or been killed during an act for which she was being paid.
Sherlock turned to Lestrade with a triumphant look.
Dinah seemed quite flustered at this but quickly composed herself and said to her guests, who had stopped talking to observe what was happening.  “Well, I supposed that is very gracious, under the circumstances,” before giving the box back to Carlo and saying, “we won't have it now, put it in my room, for later.”
******
John agreed that he might, and when Mrs Hudson announced she was going to make jam tarts with Rosie’s help the two men went upstairs.
operated from had only the most basic facilities, a bunk, the smallest of bathrooms and an even tinier kitchen but as Sherlock was not much disposed to eating or sleeping he didn’t mind; the shower functioned and that was all that mattered. Once he had got the hang of not offending his customers to the extent they demanded a refund Sherlock found he made enough to cover his day to day expenses and he had been pleasantly surprised at what very reasonably priced chemical benefits could be obtained in the average English seaside resort, particularly those where there was little or nothing else to do for six months of the year.
The standoff continued, jeans were out, the Aran jumper too obvious, finally they compromised on a pair of tailored corduroys, a plaid shirt and a leather jacket.
When John arrived at the Crown and Anchor just after eight, Greg was already sat at a table nursing a pint. John took a moment to observe the man from a distance. If anything, he looked even more dazed than he had the week before.
Sherlock, a notorious lightweight when it came to alcohol was expounding at length his very scanty knowledge of the traditions of Christmas. Wild horses wouldn’t have dragged it out of him but he had had cause to revise his opinion of wishing while stirring the pudding, and he had now been distracted by the bunch of mistletoe that had been fixed over the door to the kitchen unnoticed for much of the night.
At the end of this time, Dr Watson parted company with the practice where both he and Mary had worked and took a part time position as a general practitioner at a clinic further away from home but more convenient for his child minder. The clinic was a large one to the extent that he hardly knew all the staff let alone building up a report with the patients.
“No, Dr Huxtable had that checked.”
“Yes John, there is something about firing a bullet at close range into your brain that might give that impression. What I don’t understand is why.”
John really couldn’t be bothered with any of it but after all his protestations failed, he gave in and played the widower card.
Lestrade seemed to take John’s comments at face value and broke into proud smile, agreeing with John that he was indeed a lucky dog. The convivial atmosphere was ruined by Sherlock asking.
Lo and behold, Frieda, Clara and the birthday party had actually turned up. Harry had feigned surprise for approximately thirty seconds before attaching herself limpet like to the tall, thin, nervy looking brunette he assumed was Clara. She was Harry’s type, and he conceded, not dissimilar to his own.
Sherlock was not having a good day; in truth he was off his game and struggling to concentrate on the deductions. He had slept badly (for him) or rather he had been awake well into the night before falling asleep at the table around six. He had been awakened well past eleven, crabbed and cranky, by a customer trying the door. For two bits he would have chucked the whole thing and gone down to the beach in search of something to help him focus but even that seemed to require too much effort.
“Ah John, just in time, come and tell me what you think of this?”
The Boscombe Valley Hotel hardly merited the name; it was a perfectly serviceable village pub whose previous owners had at some point in the 1970s, built an ugly single storey extension containing six additional bedrooms in the hopeful anticipation of attracting tourists. This optimism had been misplaced, the village had no features of interest and was too far off the beaten track for the hotel to attract anything but limited passing trade. In addition, the extension had been built cheaply, and on land that was prone to flooding in the event of a wet winter, which the area experienced nearly every year, including this one.
“You know what the Holmes men are like, emotionally constipated. You can hardly expect Sherlock to make the first move, he's not exactly played the field, and you've never given him any indication. You need to tell him!”
“So, what was this friendship like then, in the good old days, before it all went to Hull in a handcart?”
“Well,” Sherlock asked, helping himself to a Danish pastry from John’s plate.
Mrs Hudson was the other person that John could never hide anything from.
), Am I adopted? (
Sherlock agreed to John taking a shower providing he didn’t lock the bathroom door, John, desperate to have a wash and shave agreed to Sherlock’s demands although not before muttering about a ‘mother hen’.
“Oh, I am, I am. It is so good to see the dear boy so happy.”
“Yes. Does that mean we can go back to kissing now?”
“Features”
“It is ironic, I do have scruples, it has taken nearly eight years for us to get to point where we’re both on the same page and now you’re a married man.”
By quarter to eight everything was more or less ready.
“Damnation, I didn’t mean to sleep, I’m going to be late.”
“Is it an isolated farm? Do you think there is any likelihood they would have heard what has happened here, or been aware of the air ambulance?”
John sat down on the daybed next to the stranger as he spoke.
“Boscombe mere is surrounded by trees and quite densely covered, but it serves as a short cut to the village for those who live on the estate. Crowder’s daughter had just got off the school bus and was cutting through to the Lodge where they live, when she overheard the two Cloetes arguing. She told her father when she reached home but he thought nothing of it, according to his statement ‘it was nothing new, they were always at loggerheads’.
“He never went back to Baker Street after your demise. Naturally, I kept a weather eye on him, at first. He refused all offers of my assistance, frankly he was quite belligerent, warned me off several times. Thus, once the British arm of Moriarty’s operation was eliminated, I deemed it unnecessary to continue to monitor his movements, according to the last report I received he was living near Salisbury, but that was some months ago. I imagine I could arrange for someone to track him down without much effort, even if he does not wish to be found.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock plays for time, he blinks, alarmingly and at great length. It is a tactic he first adopted as a child when asked to do something he was particularly loath to do, such as his geography homework, or to be good for Mycroft while his parents were out.
Dr Huxtable, now fully recovered from his earlier fatigue, looked at his watch, coughed, then coughed again more loudly. When Sherlock finally acknowledged his existence, he said.
The young man replied fervently, “Flying is the perfect job and I won’t settle for a life where I don’t get to do it.”
Sam was not to be deterred, she made what John hoped she thought was a sympathetic face but was frankly quite scary then bounced back with the “But you should make an effort Dr Watson, for your little girl’s sake.”
“How do you know he didn’t notice?”
Even more than he loved fun, Aziraphale loved having someone to share it with, it was why he enjoyed Crowley’s company so much, despite the obvious conflict of interests. He had been moved to help Sherlock out of compassion for the man’s heartache and out of a sense of fairness, that the side of the angels owed the detective some recompense for what he had endured in their cause. He had not expected to like the man, his reputation as a sociopath went before him, or to find that they had so much in common.
“Where’s Sherlock?” John asked.
“What do you mean?”
John opened his eyes and with a sudden rush remembered what he had to feel so happy about. There, with his arm draped across John’s chest and his head on John’s shoulder was a sleeping Sherlock, his flatmate, his friend and now his lover.
But Sherlock didn’t acknowledge him, he was deep in the John room of his mind palace. It was almost light when the detective finally emerged and retired to his bedroom for a couple of hours sleep.
“One way, you muted me, that’s all.”
DI Martin asked them about the security of the house, Mrs King said she had locked the kitchen door as usual about ten; the two men had been out for the day but had locked and bolted the front door before they turned in for the night about eleven. There was no sign of a break in. John confirmed this fitted in with the time of the email that had sent them post haste to Norfolk.
John listened to the increasing agitated messages from Greg on his phone struggling to keep up. He thought he heard the words ‘posh git’ at least twice but wasn’t sure what Sherlock had to do with the officer’s sudden assignment to the Shetland Isles. Though the later introduction of the adjective ‘meddling’ made John wonder if perhaps it was not Sherlock that had got Greg quite so wound up. There were a number of garbled messages regarding buttonholes, but John couldn’t quite make out if Greg was referring to the suit or possibly to the flowers. His attempts to phone Greg back had been met with at best his voicemail, and more often the unavailable tone.
“Of course not… but no one wants to think they’re just another pin in a map.”
He fingers the slip of paper in his jacket pocket – the list. Never say Sherlock Holmes doesn’t keep his promises, even when he’s not coming back.
, as in the musical by Stephen Sondheim?”
“This is Stefan, Mrs Hudson. He’s from Krakow in Poland. He’s a radiologist at Bart’s. I’m taking him up Oxford Street to see the lights.”
They drove on, Steve began to point out the landmarks, the stone walls of the Holderness land, he was almost on his own territory but at the same time he was beginning to have doubts, they were approaching a T-junction where they would have to make a choice, sharp left onto the main road towards the A503 and Mackleton, or to veer right and stay on the country lane towards Lower Gill Moor and the Duke’s estate.
Over in the corner, Mr Fell, the acting hotel manager who had snuck into the room without anyone noticing winked at Lilith,
John let himself out of 221 Baker Street and walked briskly to the tube station. He had left Sherlock prone and unresponsive on the couch, their dancing lesson it seemed had been terminated by the arrival of the client, not merely interrupted.
“How much did it cost, that jaunt to Scotland, the bones, the local force, the hotel? Which department’s budget did you blow on that?”
“Great, that’s all we need.” Greg replied.
Heedless of danger he pushes the door to Angelo’s; it swings open even though the restaurant is in darkness.
“Her secretary who had been with her for forty years had died and she was quite bereft. She has a very strict routine, she dictates into a recorder every morning between 9 o’clock and noon, I collect the tapes and type them up at home and take the pages back to her at half past four. Mrs Etheredge either accepts or amends them. If there are amendments, I carry those out the following morning.
Greg groaned and turned the radio off. It was his last day in Scotland, he was supposed to leave the hotel at ten o’clock to begin the long journey southwards. He looked over to the corner of the room, where his suitcase stood packed, just waiting for his night things and his washbag. The clean shirt that was draped over the back of the chair, seemed to mock him for his hopes.
Meanwhile Sherlock did a quick reconnaissance of the room.
After she had gone back to her own flat and her customary herbal soother, and Rosie had had a bath and was down for the night, John settled in his chair and started flicking through the channels on the TV looking for something to watch. He fancied a drink, but settled for a nice cup of Oolong that he had found in Sherlock’s kitchen. At least he hoped it was Oolong, perhaps he should have checked.
Steve didn’t expand further but Sherlock read between the lines, there must be a certain amount of insecurity now the Duchess had departed with her millions.
“I thought you were in London, when I emerged from the cave and saw you, I thought for one terrifying moment that I was dreaming. But believe me, there is no one I would have been happier to see.”
“Yes, Uncle Steven.”
“Trying to sell state secrets, they’ll be here soon, otherwise we might have speculated on what your brother would give to keep that out of the newspapers?"
“Well, look on the bright side, they’re not likely to be heading back to town in this weather, and if he solves the case before nightfall…”
They emptied the gold onto the floor and threw the straw out of the window into the moat. Then the stranger said goodbye and vanished, and John lay down to sleep for what was left of the night.
Mrs Hudson looked wistful for a moment, “I had hoped that little Rosie would be here to help me but…”
“John Watson is vital to Sherlock’s happiness, but engaged to Mary Morstan. We are going to have to make him choose.”
“He tried to fob it off as some senseless practical joke, and said that I should not take any notice of it. He even suggested that if it really annoyed me we should go away for a while. But I won’t be driven out of my own home and anyway I can’t leave the farm.
“… I went to every hotel along the front, asking if they had a visitor called Ian Moody, I had no idea how many hotels there were or just how long it would take to get to speak to someone in charge, but they either said they couldn’t tell me anything or they had never heard the name.  In the end it was so late and everywhere was fully booked, I sat up all night at the bus station. Then this morning it was raining, and I started my search again along the promenade, everywhere was very crowded and people bumping into me and when I looked, I realised my purse had gone.
For Sherlock, it is no surprise that he loves the wholly magnificent John Watson, who could know John and not love him. That John loves him in return is completely unfathomable to the former sociopath; to the extent that he often catches himself wondering if he ever regained consciousness after Mary’s bullet and if all that has happened since is no more than a dream.
******
He sprang over to the blackboard and began work on the third message.
The Hospital Mortuary - Three Weeks Later
“But he seemed to know everything about me.”
Rosie had finished her breakfast and was now wriggling to get down. John took her upstairs to get her dressed and ready for her excursion with Mrs Hudson. In the early days of parenthood, he, and Mary, had determined not to dress their little one in gender stereotypical colours. However, Rosie did show a marked preference for pink, and now purple. John mused to himself, as he dressed his daughter in her mauve dungarees, on what that said about nature versus nurture.
“Tell me as much as you can about the two of you”
“What business is it of yours?” Sherlock snapped back.
“Allure phobia? What?”
John was getting reading to spend a full day at the surgery feeling like he had had no weekend at all. Admittedly he had had three days off work. He had got through his usual jobs, there was food in the cupboards, he and Rosie had enough clean clothes for the week, and the flat was more or less ship shape. But compared with last weekend when there had been a trip to Scotland Yard, a party and a walk in the park John had done nothing nice at all, by which he meant that he had spent next to no time with Sherlock. John wondered if he should be worried about just how much, and how quickly his world had gone back to revolving around his flatmate. Yes, Rosie was most precious, but Sherlock came a very close second.
He was wrestling the shutter in place, when the three men entered. Sherlock quickly appraised them, deducing from their clothes, hair and general demeanour they were presently serving in the armed forces rather than just out of prison. Even so Sherlock was not taking any chances, he never liked to be outnumbered.
An encounter
It was Lestrade. “They’ve apprehended the night porter; they’re bringing him now if you’re up for a chat.”
“You mean books?”
"You are very persuasive, Mr Holmes, but I cannot do that. I don’t believe that anyone could do such a wicked and cruel thing to another person. Ian is real; I have his photograph.”
“There’s not some other Dinah Shepherd that I should know about?”
Their observations were interrupted by the sudden sound of raised voices which caused the other diners to look round at the table Sherlock and John were already watching. While the noise abated as swiftly as it had started, it left an unmistakable air of tension between the two men which felt as if at any moment it might develop into a fight. Certainly, the waitstaff thought so as they hovered nearby.
“Of course not, since when have I managed to keep anything from you.”
“What?” Sherlock questions immediately diverted. “What have you waited for?”
John decided he really couldn’t put off doing Christmas shopping any longer. He had managed to get presents for Rosie and Mrs Hudson online, but he was still stuck for an idea for Sherlock and now he supposed he needed to get a present for Greg and Dinah. He wondered if they had a list anywhere and quickly dialled Greg’s mobile to ask, but again it went straight to voicemail.
“I’m getting the word application…”
would make of his Marks & Spencer underpants.
Mycroft and Aziraphale were getting on like a house on fire. Once Mycroft had recognised Aziraphale as one of the privately educated, independently meaned, bookish types that had littered the library of his Oxford college, and once Aziraphale had stripped away Mycroft’s pomposity to reveal the genuine concern for his younger brother underneath they discovered they had a great deal in common.
“Oh I reported it until I was blue in the face but nothing was done about it, and eventually I just got used to keeping everything in the cupboard in the basement, this isn’t a large hotel. I load up my trolley and bring everything up in the lift.”
After Sherlock had broken the news to John the night before, they had called down to Mrs Hudson who had come up to flat B to join them. Mrs Hudson, who had done and seen much more in her life than John could begin to imagine had not batted an eyelid when Sherlock informed her of his impending marriage, and that he had usurped Inspector Lestrade in Dinah’s affections. She seemed to have no difficulty in accommodating the change of plans, but then, aside from the groom there weren’t any.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Might as well have a fag while I’m here. We’re not supposed to but…” She reached in the jacket pocket and drew out a packet of cigarettes and a cheap lighter, “but then we are not supposed to talk about the Duke either.”
“What were you thinking of? Going in there alone, what did you expect?”
Sherlock grumbled, “at the very least I trust that a gang of international jewel thieves have taken up residence in 219A,” but he went downstairs anyway. There was a whiff of baking in the air, and he could do with a cup of tea.
“Well done, Master Crowley, well done.”
The stranger looked a little shamefaced then grabbed the soldier by the hand and led him out of the room. Together they climbed over gates, clambered across roof tops, and ran along alleyways until they came to the stronghold of a Count who had once belittled the stranger’s talents, although John didn’t know that. The stranger picked the locks while John overpowered the guards, then they went in and helped themselves to as much gold as they could carry.
******
Sherlock conceded that he had thought about something along those lines. John took that as encouragement.
Lestrade had not had a proper talk with the doctor (he calculated to his embarrassment) for some four months. He had spotted him in the Yard when Hopkins brought Sherlock in on a case, and they had passed a few pleasantries outside the Old Bailey during the Rudman trial, but that had been about it. Sherlock seemed to be concentrating on private cases so appeared rarely and generally minus John who was now working in an emergency clinic five mornings a week.
“Windibanks – Sutherland – The marriage took place on Friday 17
“You mean to say that someone has been here in the last couple of days?”
“Quite how a third century CE Greek bishop got sucked into this farrago I can’t imagine?”
Sherlock flopped back down on the bed. John lay back down too, close without crowding and idly ran his fingers along the firm line of Sherlock’s bicep.
“Unusual name.” John commented when Sherlock briefly looked up, “French?”
Crowley plans a campaign of his own.
“But Ian wasn’t cruel, he was wonderfully kind, he wrote such lovely things.”
His therapy session has just majored on the significance of friends and family in the healing process, this does not mean being greeted by a former colleague in a public park is welcome.
Mrs Hudson could hardly contain her excitement, “Ooo Sherlock, you’ve got your wish, a locked room murder.”
“Yes.”
Around ten o’clock Sherlock signalled to John and he fetched the champagne and handed everyone a glass.
“Undoubtedly.”
******
“How do you know his father?” Steve asked.
Perhaps Sherlock should try harder. Yet again the detective has erred in his deductions, and it is an impossibly familiar memory stick that’s revealed in the ruins of the bust.
Sherlock’s phone pinged, that would be Lestrade, maybe the Met had finally got their act together and tracked down the missing night porter. He checked the message, threw his phone onto the couch in the approximation of a strop and walked over to the window. Drawing aside the curtain he looked down at the street below where a black saloon car was parked with its engine ticking over and Mycroft’s driver at the wheel.
Anthea had been a godsend, getting the place boarded up, booking her into a hotel at Mycroft’s expense and sorting out the insurance. Now John seemed to be happy to project manage the whole renovation job, and she had the pleasure of Rosie’s company while he did it.
“6 o’clock Friday, outside the British Museum. Tall, dark and handsome, got it.”
Downstairs a dejected angel was being inadequately comforted by a penitent demon.
“Carlo, please could you bring fresh tea for Dr Watson, and perhaps another bottle of champagne.”
Mycroft offered his assistance with paperwork, which John less than politely declined. Mycroft inclined his head slightly in acknowledgement and then said, “At least allow me to arrange a car to take you home.”
Connecting to the internet, Sherlock proceeded to spend the next hour or so googling anything and everything to go with the Dukes of Holderness, Natasha Petrovna and her family, the Holderness estate, the Priory School and the area surrounding Mackleton. His mind buzzed with unanswered questions:
“Of course I won’t, I’d never stand in the way of true love, not when it concerns my baby brother”
which although wasn’t very flattering was Rosie’s usual response to the sight of Molly. But then there was the
“What did I say? Now I need your help with this.”
“Steady” John whispers, “Didn’t intend to put you under any further strain”
Instead they had stood there; two emotionally constipated Englishmen with so much to say to each other and had wasted the opportunity with inanities. The Italians would have done it better; perhaps he should have got Angelo to give them lessons.
“I have been led to believe you had some remarkable success some years ago regarding the kidnapping of the children of the American Ambassador, I was hoping you could apply the same expertise in this event.” Dr Huxtable spoke without guile; he was obviously unaware of the consequences of that case.
“Colleague.” John corrected swiftly.
“I would not have hesitated for a moment to put my life on the line for you.”
Some words once spoken can never be unsaid.
“I must go, remember the British Museum, 6pm.”
It took until they were halfway down the second bottle for Aziraphale to begin to confide in the demon, then Crowley couldn’t get him to shut up. Personally, he did not have a great deal of time for humanity and this detective sounded a particularly obnoxious specimen despite Aziraphale’s protestations to the contrary. It wasn’t until the wine had loosened his friend’s tongue sufficiently for him to let slip the human’s name that Crowley sat up and took interest.
“Exactly” Sherlock agreed with John’s unspoken comment, “if whoever played this vile trick on Miss Sutherland hadn’t tried to be clever, they may have got away with it, or at least for a little longer.”
“Dinah had asked me to escort her down the aisle, before… she wanted all the men of the party to be dressed alike, hence the suit.”
“You don’t change, do you? Two years away and you’ve learnt nothing. A child is missing, Sherlock, an eight-year-old child, and you’re too busy gallivanting around the countryside looking for someone who can quite clearly look after himself, to care.”
They never do, thought the clairvoyant, wordlessly indicating the list of charges on the wall. The young man reluctantly reached for his wallet, crossing the palm, not with silver but with a note, and sat down.
“Was it Afghanistan?”
Satisfied, Sherlock turned to the right, it was the way the taxi had brough him and Dr Huxtable earlier and he had noted its twists and turns, including a steep, almost hairpin bend, about a mile before the lane reached the school.
(See the end of the chapter for
He had worked out that the scratchy material beneath him was some kind of blanket, and he pulled it around his shoulders and tied it there, he needed all the help he could get to fight the cold, damp air of the cave. Tentatively, feeling his way along a wall of rock, good arm stretched upwards, conscious that another blow to his already fragile head would be serious debilitating if not fatal, he stood up. There was room, at least where he was, to walk normally but the absolute darkness made him react with a swooping sensation that fooled him into thinking that at any moment he would fall off the edge of a precipice. His inbuilt proprioception abandoned him, and he felt so nauseous and disorientated that he managed only a few steps forward before sinking to his hands and knees again. It seemed he would have to crawl.
“John… good to see you, and you too Watson.”
“A pirate.” John was charmed, imagining a little curly haired boy with a cutlass and an eye patch.
“Not entirely, they have been skirting round each other for the best part of two years. Mycroft must have agreed terms.”
John was well aware who Dinah Shepherd was, he was hardly going to forget Yasmin Lafleur as she had been known in the early days of her career as a Page 3 model. Yasmin had graduated very quickly to the role glamourous assistant, to
“Are you sure this is the place?”
That was his biggest concern, Sherlock knew he wouldn’t be able to continue his investigation until first light, by which time John would have been missing for over forty-eight hours. With every hour that passed the chances of finding John alive diminished.
The room now contained two single beds, two dressers and a wardrobe and although it was kept meticulously tidy as befitted an ex-army doctor it was hopelessly crowded. Sherlock wondered, as he often did, how much longer it would be practical for the Watsons to share a room. It crossed his mind again that he should offer to move into the basement flat, so that John could have his room. But he was reluctant, selfish as it might seem, to give up his tenure of 221B, his home and refuge. There was an alternative of course, but he had long ago dismissed that as an impossible dream.
“I am so delighted to meet you.” Aveling chattered on, they had reached a similar door to the one they had come out of which Sherlock took to be the entrance to the Western wing, “we had no idea of course that our Dr Watson was
As Greg rang off, John sprang into action, he took his to do list from the beside table, and checked what as still outstanding, he was a man on a mission.
John asks warily, nothing makes sense in this crazy world “Two people?”
“I’ve lived with guns all my life, alongside people who will shoot a stranger dead if they set an uninvited foot in their yard. Once I saw that Eddie’s so called husband had a weapon I had to find a way to get one too. I got talking to old Elrige about his guns yester afternoon, and saw where he kept his keys.
“Well what?”
Aveling fumbled with a key and let them into the Western wing, there was a steep flight of stone stairs immediately in front of them and as Sherlock followed the geography master, he wondered how John had managed to negotiate them every day with his limp. As if reading his mind, Aveling said, “these were the nicest vacant set when John joined the school. We offered to find something on the ground floor, but he wouldn’t hear of it. He had his pride, as I’m sure you know.”
“Bit of a wasted effort, honeymoon suite, king-size bed, goose-down duvet and linen sheets and your detective spends the night in a chair in the lounge. Didn’t even go to bed when I killed the electricity.”
“Now” Mycroft wonders “Who could do this?”
John looked surprised, Sherlock rarely complained of being in London, but perhaps he had changed, he had been through a lot in the past few years.
“Perfect.” He said.
Mrs Hudson had conjured up a Sunday dinner from nowhere, and now that Sherlock considered the case to be virtually solved he was once again prepared to eat. They kept the conversation light and Sherlock’s only reference to the case was to say, “I think I will take a trip to Norfolk tomorrow and present the news to the Hilton-Cubitts in person. It is a pity John that you can’t come with me; your contribution has been invaluable.”
“Is he in Mrs H? Only he’s not answering his phone.”
Taking the container from Stefan, Molly took herself and it up the seventeen stairs to flat B. She knocked and entered without waiting to be invited, she trusted Mrs Hudson’s assessment of Sherlock’s mood, although the playing said it loud enough, and had no doubt that Sherlock wouldn’t answer even if he heard her.
A cup of coffee was placed in front of him; bringing Sherlock out of his reverie.
******
“It’s sticking up over my ears,” John replied, “and I’m not having my photo taken like this.”.
John sighed, “You cannot possibly know that.”
Molly, when she answers the door is surprisingly chipper. After listening quietly to his stumbling explanation, she offers him coffee while her cat kneads his legs.
of the birth of a son, Pieter Alexander.
Sherlock cracked the case of the underground terrorist plot with the assistance of a train nerd called Howard and without breaking into a sweat. He sent a text with the details to Mycroft and left the rest to the bomb disposal unit. A short phone call later advised Sherlock that the perpetrator had been arrested, Mycroft hinted that he was pleased with the outcome without directly saying so, Sherlock took the thanks as implied and considered his debt paid.
Lestrade protested, “if you would let me finish…”
“You must have been doing something right.” Crowley replied, “John Watson is still in a terrible mood according to his fiancée.”
The weekend dragged for John, the weather was wet and windy, and Rosie was grizzly from being cooped up. Sherlock was elusive, seeming to emerge from his room and escape from the flat at the most opportune moment to give John the slip. As Greg and Sally were on assignment in Scotland, and Hopkins was still (!) tied up with the Chigwell murder, John could only speculate that Sherlock had taken on a private client, but apart from both his and John's laptops being used, there were no signs of a case. He waited up on Saturday night to try to catch Sherlock’s return, but at one-thirty he had given up and gone to bed. Sunday morning, when a bleary-eyed John and a bright and cheerful Rosie had entered the kitchen, Sherlock’s coat was back on its hook in the hall, but John had no idea what time he had come in.
Greg didn’t seem to notice. “It was Dinah’s idea,” he replied, “she doesn’t believe in long engagements.”
“Just one more.”
In the background, Sherlock heard his phone beep, that would be Lestrade confirming that the girl in the cleaning cupboard had died of asphyxiation. Sherlock wondered if they had brought the night porter in for questioning yet, and wished he cared. The phone beeped again, there was no point trying to ignore it, it had drawn him out of his mind palace for the time being.
Crowley killed the music.
Just as they reached the junction and Steve looked to Sherlock for a decision, Danny started waving frantically and shouting. His uncle braked sharply, and Sherlock called out of the window.
“Girlfriend… no, not really my area,.”
They had reached the gates; Steve pressed the intercom as he had just a few hours earlier. They had come a long way since then. As he dropped them off at the main entrance to the school, Sherlock stopped and shook his hand.
Chinese was not a cuisine that naturally appealed to Aziraphale’s sophisticated and well-honed palate, but he had to agree that the restaurant at the end of Baker Street was superb. The conversation had been stilted at first, Aziraphale had been quite aware of Sherlock’s unsubtle attempts to deduce him, but then they had got onto the subject of Vivaldi and before they knew it, they had been alone with only a couple of yawning waiters for company.
“Now you mention I, it might well have been,” The agent seemed pleased with his contribution.
He had hoped for a quiet retirement and a chance to finish his definitive history of the British Isles, (and possibly his memoirs) before expiring in a touching deathbed scene.
John felt a funny sort of pain in his chest; so this was it, three days late but Sherlock had finally worked it out.
Four o’clock on Sunday afternoon saw a small party gather at Euston station to see John, Chris and Bill off to join their regiment. Sherlock who hated crowds, farewells and any kind of sentiment (although he now supposed he must make an exception in John’s case) longed for the whole performance to be over. The delight of seeing John in his uniform, neat as a new pin was already fading. He was beginning to experience the first pangs of missing John and if he was going to have to learn how to live with someone’s absence, he was impatient for the lesson to start.
Despite his protestations, this claim was not completely true. Sherlock had been fine as he climbed on board the Star of Brazil, he had been fine when he descended into the small hold on the starboard side of the ship, he had even been fine when Harry Harkins, Ship’s Captain and perpetrator had locked him in. What had altered the situation from fine to not so fine, was the presence of a fifteen-foot boa constrictor in the hold with him.
“I thought we should start to form some Christmas traditions of our own, now we are a family” John said and when Sherlock didn’t disagree, started to read out loud.
“I did call, you can’t have heard the bell… you’ve a client.”
To say he was not in a good place was an understatement. Sleep alluded him much of the time, and when he did succumb (collapsed with emotional exhaustion), the symptoms of his PTSD returned with a vengeance. He limped, his left hand shook but worst of all were the nightmares, more vivid than before and just as terrifying, except that they no long featured his own injuries, or even those of his comrades, bleeding out beneath the desert sun. Instead it was his best, his truest friend, plunging to his death on the cold grey concrete outside Bart's that caused him firstly to wake in the night, and then lie awake for hours, fretful, nauseous, impotent, and too anxious to attempt to sleep again, stuck in an endless cycle of insomnia, fatigue, sleep, nightmare and insomnia.
“Yes, I admit it, you were right.”
Now the little person who had crept into his heart was being taken away and there was nothing he could do about it.
It struck Sherlock that he had mere seconds to save a life. If John went to Afghanistan believing that his death was inevitable then without doubt… he would die. All his natural traits would be magnified, he would be fearless, heroic and ultimately reckless; he would win medals and he would lose his life. Sherlock could not allow that to happen, but the only way to stop it was sacrifice his dignity.
“They’ve had a quick look at the tape for the night in question but for the floor above, Sir, and it’s as clear as day. Apparently the lights in the corridors are motion sensitive which means they are activated when the doors open or people start move about, irrespective of the time. The CCTV's not that sophisticated, it's no good in the dark.”
The Duchess gave a little gasp and the Duke spluttered.
“Well, there’s always next year…” Mrs Hudson pulled herself together and placed the wooden spoon into Sherlock’s hand, “So, in the absence of any real children you’ll have to do. Stir the pudding.”
A 221b from Mary's POV
Sherlock started to speak again, “I apologise.”
John caught Sherlock by the arm, he winced. “It appears I must intrude on the school’s hospitality for another night, Dr Huxtable, if you are willing to contact the police please advise them that we will be available tomorrow morning. Dr Watson needs to rest and recuperate.”
“It’s low season, the owners are abroad and the night porter’s drunk,” the door springs open, “and we’re in.”
“Criminal trespass then at the very least”
The taxi driver had refused to take them the whole way, dropping them off in what appeared to be the middle of nowhere, good going for London.
The British Government was rather put out, ever since his driver had arrived at the appointed  warehouse with an empty car and the information that Mr Fell was waiting for Mycroft at his club he had felt less and less in command of the situation. Mycroft had no alternative than to tell the driver to take him to the Diogenes.
Mummy had a ready answer “We don’t fly until 11 o’clock tomorrow morning, we’re staying the night in a hotel at Heathrow. So when Martha invited us, we thought it would much nicer than spending the evening in our room… Now where’s my step-granddaughter?” Mummy cried, swooping down and plucking Rosie from Molly’s lap “I’ve got something for her”
“Is it a case, that’s keeping you busy.”
, was John’s first thought when he opened his eyes and saw the British Government ensconced in Sherlock’s chair. John’s second thought was,
Although John had seen Dinah Shepherd both on television and in the theatre, and could be said to have more than a passing acquaintance with her bosom from his army days he was not prepared for how exquisitely beautiful she was in real life. No wonder Greg was standing there, beaming like a dog with two tails.
Oh John, Sherlock said out loud, of course it’s not wrong to want happiness. You’ve had enough of pain and grief for just one lifetime.
Sherlock lapsed into silence, it seemed like half an hour although in reality was no more than a minute. John employed the psychiatrist’s technique of not speaking so the other person would. It seldom worked with Sherlock but today it did.
“Yes, a town house, one of the smaller ones, not like Mrs Etherege’s.”
Leaving the café John pushed Rosie’s stroller through the market crowds, it seemed every stall was laden with Christmas paraphernalia from trees to wreaths to poinsettias and all stops in between. He felt a twinge of guilt; perhaps he should do something for Rosie. She certainly seemed much taken with the sparkling lights.
“Yes, we’re pretty much off the beaten track, only the three farm cottages in the immediate vicinity.”
“You, here for Sherlock? Only he’s out.” There he went again.
John knew nothing of this conversation and when Harry said he was to go to the castle John thought maybe the Queen had a commission for him. Instead, the Queen brought him into a room that was quite full of straw, and gave him a wheel and spindle, and said, “Now set to work, and if by the early morning you have not spun this straw to gold you shall die.” And the Queen shut and locked the door and left John there alone. Well, John was not about to take this lying down, so he paced the room and he called the Queen every name under the sun until the air was blue, and he banged over and over again on the locked door but that only meant that his leg got sore, and his fists hurt, and his throat ached until eventually he had to sit down and rest. So, the poor miller's brother was left there sitting, and could not think what to do for his life. He had no notion how to set to work to spin gold from straw, and his distress grew so great that he began to curse again. Then all at once the door opened, and in came a funny sort of man, who was very tall, and very slim and covered head to foot in a heavy, black coat, and who said, “Good evening, Afghanistan or Iraq?”
Crowley leant over to the glove box and fished out a cassette,
Sherlock stood up straighter, shoulders back. “I walked away. I know when I am being ridiculed.”
“You still don’t get it do you? Even after everything that has ever happened between us, Moriarty, Magnussen, Mycroft, even Mary and your sister you still don’t get it,” John banged his fist on the table, the mugs rattled, Sherlock flinched, nobody looked round, “Oh for fuck’s sake, you died, you killed yourself in front of me…”
John sprang up to take Rosie from her, there was a bit of fussing about the washing up, but Simon took everything out to the kitchen and Mrs Hudson said she would take care of it in the morning. They all trooped out into the hallway to say their goodbyes, John thanked Simon again for his assistance while Molly leant up to kiss Sherlock’s cheek. “I’m glad you’re not married to that woman…” she giggled, “except… I suppose you are.”
Except to take it where. The field hospital is hardly the place for a secret assignation; it lacks the nooks and corners where such events can be accomplished in English hospitals. Without a sluice room or a doctors’ mess the lovers are forced into a supply tent at night, in winter, an unheated one at that.
“My leg used to ache, and I walked with a cane but that stopped when I started running along alleyways with you.
It was a very nice kiss, Sherlock reflected, a great improvement on all his previous kisses, although as they had been exclusively case related perhaps they didn’t stand up to comparison. There was much to be said for the feel of John’s arms around him and Sherlock thought he could get used to being as close to John as this very easily. John broke the kiss, just as Sherlock was beginning to want more, which he noted as another positive sign.
Mary had gone.
Mary wondered if she should be worried that John didn’t seem to have any strong opinions of his own regarding their wedding but decided she’d let it lie. It certainly made things a lot simpler that John was quite happy to acquiesce to all her suggestions with a cheery, “You’re the boss!”
Harry had asked John to stand up with her on her wedding day. John has met Clara and thoroughly approves; he knows instinctively that she is far too good for Harry, despite their apparent devotion.
“No, I wanted to be a pirate,” Sherlock answer automatically.
“So, lurve and the British Government, working out then is it?”
“I think the real mystery here is you Mr Fell, you have obviously taken a great deal of trouble in cultivating the persona of a well-educated, middle class, middle aged, professional man of the type that is found all over England, but it is apparent to me that you are not what you seem.”
The two men walk to Baker Street and despite the distance John is untroubled by his leg, although he is too wrapped up in his companion to notice.
“Over the years, the school has welcomed scholars from the highest echelons of society but changes in the economy has necessitated our opening its doors to boys from, shall we say, more eclectic backgrounds. Therefore, you can only imagine my delight when the Duke of Holderness…”
Finally he settled on some twinkling lights to put round the mantelpiece and a poinsettia because they always reminded him of him of his mum. He had bought a few things online for Rosie and they were now safely under his bed. Not that it mattered with an only semi-mobile eleven month old; it must have been some ancient instinct that had made him hide them there.
"No."
“All of it, but mainly, I should have told you to try again.”
They strike it lucky in the second bar, a group of nurses from Swansea on a hen week. Although some of the girls are spoken for, there are four who are prepared to divide the spoils amongst themselves, especially when the boys turn out to be not common or garden squaddies but medics.
“And did you?”
Lestrade sat down and accepted the cup of tea.
At four o’clock Dinah announced that she was going to go and change, and John recognised that as their cue to leave. Molly and Mrs Hudson were already three sheets to the wind, the champagne having flowed rather freely. Simon was trying unsuccessfully to herd them together as a precursor to going home. The p.a. (whose name John still didn’t know) had gone back to work ages ago and Rosie was curled up on one of the sofas sound asleep. John’s reconnaissance revealed that one person was missing.
In some ways it is a relief to moan about the cost of living in the capital to someone who can appreciate the difficulty.
******
“Before you go, is there anywhere around this place where the police vehicles might be parked out of sight?”
Church – tick, Venue – tick, Bridesmaids – tick, Cake tasting –
John had the inexplicable feeling that he was about to cry and took a large swig of his scotch to wash down the lump in his throat.
The study was a small room, containing books, a desk and the body of Richard Hilton-Cubitt stretched out on the floor dressed in pyjamas and a dressing gown. At Sherlock’s signal, John knelt to examine him, the bullet had been ﬁred at him from the front, and had remained in his body after penetrating the heart. John concluded that while violent, death had certainly been instantaneous.
******
“Paul sounded sincere, but that didn’t mean he was innocent.”
(See the end of the chapter for
They smiled at each other and John licked his lips. Sherlock blinked.
He didn’t.
and ‘
“Now Watson,” John heard Sherlock say, “How was your day at nursery?”
He sat down on the edge of John’s bed and straightened out the paper. There was more writing this time, something like a poem.
“How can I trust you?”
John quickly replied.
The first thing he noticed was the faint acrid smell in the siting room, as if something had been burning. It was too warm for a fire in August but instinctively Sherlock turned his head to the fireplace and sure enough, there in the grate were the blackened remains of yet another piece of paper. It was mostly destroyed though Sherlock’s superior knowledge of ash allowed him to identify the paper as that of John’s notebook. One piece was larger than the others and Sherlock lifted it carefully into petri dish he took from his pocket and carried downstairs to his lab in 221C.
“Oh it’s you,” Sherlock put down the violin. “Would you like some tea?”
“Sherlock, talk to me…” John clapped his hands together in front of Sherlock’s face. The noise distracted Rosie from the television and thinking it was some kind of game she enthusiastically joined in. Despite their joint efforts it was still some minutes before Sherlock was back in the room.
Sherlock came through to the kitchen where John was stirring the peas in the pot. Sherlock still looked anxious.
“Let him sweat”, Sherlock advised the uniformed officer who was on guard, "we’ll be back down shortly". Sherlock and Lestrade made their way to the Yard canteen where Sherlock went to sit at a table while Lestrade fetched their drinks.
Time marched on, until Sherlock had been dead almost a year. John no longer saw the splatter pattern of Sherlock’s blood on the pavement every time he closed his eyes. Some nights he went to sleep without the assistance of a double scotch, and two or three days a week he even went a couple of hours without thinking about his friend’s suicide. He began to think of employment, not a return to medicine, that was a closed book now, but something to occupy the hours not spent staring at his unwritten blog, or the bottom of a glass. With the help of his probation officer he found a course that would help him turn his medical degree into an approximation of a teaching qualification and set about achieving that in the shortest amount of time permissible.
“Then why do you require my assistance?”
John looked at his fiancée in surprise, as if he had forgotten she was a nurse.
******
John appeared downstairs with his dressing gown over his pyjamas, phone in one hand while the other rubbed at his face. Sherlock wondered if John had been asleep after all, he didn’t seem very awake.
“Cheers then Greg, I’d be honoured. Let’s drink to that.”
“What made you go to Mycroft?” Sherlock asked when he got his mouth back.
The client laughed uneasily, “My dear boy, whatever gives you that impression?”
Once again, Sherlock acknowledged they had come to an impasse, the end of the road. His relationship with the Watsons would be reduced to the occasional weekend until it finally petered out altogether. Just like before.
John is back on the dance floor, gradually closing the distance between himself and the dark haired man he has privately labelled ‘Mr Cheekbones’. He’s everything that he could ask for, younger than John but no twink, taller but not ridiculously so, slight, but giving off a confidence that belies his frame, and absolutely… blinking… gorgeous. No wonder John’s hearing the call of the wild, even if the guy is way out of his league.
John saw immediately what he meant; it seemed as if every light in the house was on, shining out onto the two panda cars already parked outside. As they got out of the car, the uniformed officer who had been posted by the front door came over to speak to them.
“You cock! You did call the police!”
The police kept Sherlock hanging around for another two hours, he suspected they were doing it deliberately as punishment for the fact that John had skipped, although Carlo, the butler, keeping everyone supplied with tea and cakes might have been a contributing factor.
Sherlock was deeply satisfied to have his deduction confirmed without asking.
Tearfully, Mary makes her confessions and concessions; John struggles to grasp the enormity of her duplicity, this woman whom he knows intimately and not at all.
After the software engineer had left to hand in his notice on route to San Francisco or possibly Swindon, (he had automatically deleted the rest of the consultation the moment the door to the cabin had closed) Sherlock began to count his day’s takings. It was a quarter past six, he generally shut up shop about seven, around the time when the promenade began to get rowdy as the younger holidaymakers, set up after a day spent drinking for a night on the town and the inevitable clash with the locals. Sherlock had no desire to be caught in the crossfire, relieved of his hard-earned cash or worse. The place the tourists knew with its sandy beaches, sparkling sea and picturesque pier somewhat lost its charm once dusk fell.
“Believe me Sam; it is better for everyone if he waits outside.”
He’s not alone; Murray, Turner and Simmonds have also hitched lifts on a variety of RAF planes in search of sun, sand and sex, their final destination Cyprus, Paphos and the Med.
Thus, it was a still mildly hungover, sleep deprived and not exactly fragrant Inspector Lestrade who collected his bag from the overhead locker and left the plane. Marcus lived in Hounslow so could practically walk home from the airport, but Amy and Sally both joined Greg on the Heathrow Express back to Paddington.
The stranger flushed bright red and blinked. He blinked a lot; John had never considered that a human being could blink quite as much as the stranger could and wondered if he would be called upon to attempt some doctoring. Finally, the man stopped blinking and said,
“Yes”
Sherlock paused thoughtfully again.
“What have you found?” He asked quickly.
Sherlock waited for the blow, for John to recognise the words from Ian Moody’s letter, but it never came. “That’s good, more than good in fact, because pretty much, I feel the same.”
Having made his announcement with a dramatic flourish Sherlock continued, “I will leave you cogitate,” with that he disappeared into his room, John presumed to get ready to go out.
“You do understand the urgency, Sherlock, time is of the essence.”
When he got back to his flat four hours later, Crowley poured himself a drink, kicked off his shoes and sat down to think. After several drinks and a go on the karaoke, Crowley had learnt a great deal… about Janine. About Mary he had learned that she and Janine had met at a spin class about six months ago, and he had only gleaned that snippet of information because Janine had told him. He had never known anyone keep their cards so close to their chest, and he had played poker in the Kremlin.
“I never guess,” Sherlock replied automatically. The soldier ignored him and carried on.
“Actually I’m glad I caught you, how is he, apart from ignoring the phone?”
Thirty minutes later John was manoeuvring the pushchair up the steps of Baker Street station on his way to Regent’s Park, except it was a rather damp and miserable day to spend outside and it didn’t take much to turn Rosie grumpy. Thinking better of it he made a left on the Marylebone Road towards Baker Street.
“Ok, you have questions.”
Mycroft baulked a little but then nodded. “I will have it couriered round to Baker Street in the morning. Now leave me, I have business to attend to.”
“What else did you think was going to happen when you came here today?”
In the tradition of a British Summer the next day brought rain. Sherlock lay on his bunk listening to it falling both inside and out, the cabin was not entirely watertight. When he had first begun his season as The Great Nostradamo, Sherlock had assumed that wet days would be quiet ones, however the cabin lay on the promenade, close to the amusement arcades and the bowling alley and on a direct route from the bed and breakfasts to the pier, so he was kept busy.
Sherlock stole from the couch to tap on John’s bedroom door. There was more noise and then the light flicked on.
“That’s a ‘yes’ from the sickbed, Mrs H.” John said, “Give me a shout when it is ready and I’ll pop down for it, I don’t want you carrying hot liquids up the stairs.”
They had got back to first position, John swung Sherlock out and swung him back in as he had done before, but Sherlock was surprisingly heavy for a man with no meat on his bones. John overreached on the dip and Sherlock landed on the floor tumbling John down on top of him. They lay there, winded, John was a full stretch above Sherlock, but he didn’t move immediately, while David Grey carried on singing.
, the fortune teller from Wilvercombe.” He turned to his mother apologetically, “I’m sorry I know you don’t like that kind of thing.”
Thank goodness tomorrow was Friday, he didn’t think he could fit in work around another day of worrying, today had been difficult enough. The surgery was exceptionally busy, with the usual flu and norovirus, plus the additional bunch of idiots who had overindulged in advance of the Christmas holidays.
“You all right there Mycroft? Didn’t hear you come in!”
Terry, keen to show his appreciation while at the same time not wanting to relinquish any of his business to his rival on Wilvercombe High Street, had suggested that Sherlock take over his pitch for the summer season. Sherlock, between jobs, between flats and unable to afford one without the other, sick of his brother’s interference and reluctant to pay the price of asking his parents for help, had grasped the opportunity to get out of London and live life for a while below the fraternal radar.
The two men purchased their pints and then settled down in a booth, they commented idly on the match that was showing on the big screen the other side of the bar, but that was just a distraction and Greg knew it. He also knew what John was bursting to ask, so wasn’t surprised when the question came.
“No, the agent and his wife, who acts as our housekeeper, Mr and Mrs King, live in, although they have their own quarters. It is an arrangement that dates from my father’s time.”
They were perfect…
“Yes, I may have come across that a few times before.”
Photographer –
Once in the room he had been allocated in the Western wing of the school, Sherlock wasted no time in firing up John’s laptop. He was surprised to find that
They circle round each other strangely shy as they undress. John is not as experienced in these matters as he would like to appear, and it occurs to him his new friend is probably the same; having studied him more closely in the lift, he’s certainly younger than John first thought.
However Sam, the receptionist, petite, brunette and an ultra-extrovert had made her business to get to know John. She lived in one of the many social housing developments in the area and was on her own with her son, Ronan, after Ronan’s dad a good for nothing called Wayne had had left them both before his son was born. Sam was not above sharing her opinion of Wayne’s latest failings as a father with any member of staff who happened to be passing, without realising how much pain this could inflict on a certain doctor who was highly conscious of his own limitations in that area. Ronan was now three years old and John had had a couple of long and deeply satisfying discussions with Sam about the cost of child care and the difficulty in finding a reliable minder.
The stranger shook his head again, and looked very sad, then he said to the soldier, “I think you had better sit down.”
“Oh, be quiet Crowley, and listen. It concerns a man.”
) who had finished clearing plates and was now loading them into one of the dishwashers, “She lives on the estate.”
“My head used to be full of sad thoughts but there hasn’t been room for anything else since I met you.
“I suspect that the Duke is what might be called asexual, he feels no physical or emotional need for sexual relations. This does not mean that he is incapable of the act given the correct stimulation, but he does not engage with it on any level other than physical and if given a choice would happily live without it.”
“Yes, Dinah, keep up John, you can hardly have forgotten who Dinah is already.”
The place might be dive and smell like his boots after a twenty mile hike but the beer was cheap and the music… the music was sublime.
“We can celebrate the recovery of your stolen property.”
“John… I…” Sherlock began but John put up his hand to stop him.
“Since the weekend, yes. £300 a pop you said, those tyres, specially imported from Italy… you won’t find many of those around here then.”
John made one last round of the stalls and picked up a few handmade Christmas tree decorations, and a couple of bunches of holly and one of mistletoe. After all, they were hosting an engagement party. Mrs Hudson, whose stall had sold out hours ago, joined them, and they made their way back to Baker Street, Mrs Hudson rubbing her hip a little and saying she would need a nap before the party that evening.
The Priory School was built around a central courtyard accessed by a large archway, the most direct route for the boy to take to reach the outside. John knew that walking he would never catch him, even a nine year old with a shorter stride would be swifter on his feet than he could manage, so he went first to the bicycle shed to retrieve his machine before setting off down the drive to the gates and the lane that lead to the main road to Mackleton.
“Does Sherlock know?”
Molly was keen to go, she didn’t want to appear rude by leaving Stefan with Mrs Hudson for too long but there was something about Sherlock’s quiet sorrow that brought out her sympathetic side.
“More than I care to, as will you when you hear that the name of the lady is Ms Dinah Shepherd.”
John thought as he wrestled the rigid and uncooperative Rosie out of her coat and into her high chair. He needed to try to get her to eat something or she would wake up hungry at midnight and he would never get her back to sleep. Finally he got her sat at the table with a carrot stick to chew on while he heated up the rice. At least the whingeing had stopped for a bit.
Chris, who had been mostly silent during this, concentrating on his lasagne suddenly turned to Sherlock and exclaimed. “I’ve got it… I know who you are, you’re the
Mycroft, sighs, he is ahead of John on this one, and he knows the shot is coming.
Once in 221b, John quickly fell back into the old routine of making tea while Sherlock checked his emails.
“Because of your feelings? I can imagine it could be quite difficult…”
But then he was also convinced that if the messages were meant for Patrick Hilton his name would appear at least once. Patrick was out, the seven letter word in the second message had a repetition but the three letter word in the first message could be Pat. T was a common enough letter to overtake E in some cases.
John Watson, at home in his chair, restored to its rightful place by the fireside. His anger is ice in his veins and fire in his belly and the steam inside him may explode at any moment.
“I suppose James might reckon he has rights. That the estate owes him something on account of his father, and a bit more than a job and a pension at the end of it. But you’re right about the money, it’s all hers and there’s no reason for the Duchess to stump up anything for Alex’s by-blow, he’s no relation of hers. There’s no love lost between James and the Duchess either… Maybe you are right, Mr Holmes, and it is some scheme to swell the coffers for a few years and set James up with a legacy. Although I can’t see the Duke agreeing to it, but James… yes, I can see James coming up with  something along the lines.”
“Not really, Lord Arthur was the second son and didn’t spend much time on the estate, the family lived mostly in London although they had a house the other side of Mackleton.”
“Anyway” John continued “There’s something I’d like to show you”
Sherlock turned to face Ruth.
“I can’t be sure, but it looks like… Brad Pitt.”
“I don’t believe you; I know that Ian is here, I can feel it and I will find him. You are wrong Mr Nostradamo, quite, quite wrong.” She opened her bag, took a note from her purse, threw it at the clairvoyant and turned and left.
Dinah sighed and made as if to dab her eyes, “Ah yes, my darling Wilfie, he was my rock after Manny, my first husband died. He had such faith in me, he never wavered, I owe him a great deal.”
Sherlock, spaced out on morphine, bullet hole in his chest millimetres from his heart is dozing, in his private room in the intensive care unit when John arrives. Or at least he supposes it is John, his blogger looks younger in the ambient light of a hospital at night time, his hair shorter, blonder, as it was when Sherlock first met him.
“Goodnight, John.”
“John…” Sherlock began.
******
Mycroft Holmes, personification of the British Government is ensconced in his private lair beneath the Cabinet Office in Whitehall; simultaneously he reads the latest report on the Korean situation while pondering the implications of that little unpleasantness, the most recent of gunpowder plots, to both involve a member of Her Majesty’s government and threaten the entirety. Lord Moran is singing like a canary, but as yet no-one can recognise the tune. If only Sherlock was more reliable,
“Lord Saltire joined the school at the beginning of the Autumn term. He was a charming youth, and he soon fell into our ways. As this lady has intimated, he was not entirely happy at home, and his parents had recently separated…”
“John. It has come to my attention that you are attempting to woo your new girlfriend through the medium of verse. These efforts appear to be hampered by your complete inability to compose anything that passes for romantic poetry. While I appreciate that, like you, I have little or no talent when it comes to poetry, as your friend I wish to be of assistance in this matter. I do have contacts that could be persuaded to provide you with the necessary…”
Sherlock looked pointed at John’s chair, and his own.
John is genuinely surprised when Mike insists that he returns to Bart’s with him. “Listen, I can’t explain it; you’ll have to trust me.”
Greg almost gave a whoop, “You were, you were jealous!”
Sherlock speeded up “But that was years ago. You couldn’t feel that way now about the man who killed your wife and left your daughter motherless, nor should you”
“You must do something,” John protested, outraged at the treatment of the young woman.
“Seriously.”
After John had left, Sherlock stretched out in the bed, aware of the John shaped gap that was left on one side.
“You sat there and watched me being beaten to a pulp!!”
John sits, not on the unappealing orange plastic chair, standard NHS issue but rather perches on the edge of Sherlock’s bed. Good decision, Sherlock thinks, for more reasons than one.
31 Lyon Place was an attractive three storey town house, and while it was not as large as some of the houses in the row, John could easily imagine that it was worth every penny of the one million it had been valued at for probate. He was just beginning to wonder if he had been sent on a fool’s errand when a cab pulled up and Sherlock got out of it, sharply dressed as the night before, John felt his heart do a little flip.
******
"From his father. The crest was on the envelope and Jennifer is certain the writing was the Duke’s.”
There was no reply.
“Thought we were having a quiet night in, in front of the telly, just you and me, maybe get to know each other better, if catch my drift”. She tries not to sound like a nag, successfully.
“Who was it do you think?”
Anthea, Sally and Anderson and Wiggins
"I am a touch typist,” the young woman replied, “seventy-five words a minute, I don’t need to see the keys.” Then she suddenly looked up, “Oh, you’ve started, you’ve started the reading and I haven’t even paid you, or told you why I am here.”
Harry is sceptical, “What makes you think he’ll even be there?”
“What? No. The Night Porter will enter a plea bargain eventually and spill the beans.”
John insisted he was perfectly fine. He was hungry, tired and dirty, no doubt he would have nightmares for a week or two but otherwise he was perfectly fine. And he said so, several times. Steve produced a flask of tea from his holdall in the truck, Danny sacrifice his Mars Bar, and Sherlock held back from interrogating John until he had eaten and drunk both and was seated in the back seat of the truck with him, as Steve pulled away from the Ragged Shaw to head back to the road.
“What?” John exclaimed immediately, his face was all regret.
“I said I wasn’t to be disturbed!”
“You’re up to something, you are not fooling me. Now… spill the beans.”
and invited the amateur detective to express an opinion.
Sherlock knew that John still saw a counsellor although not as regularly as he had in the early days, after Mary’s death and the hideous episode with Eurus. It occurred to him that they might have suggested the venture into poetry to John as some kind of therapy to get in touch with his feelings and to cope with loss. Feelings! Sherlock shuddered, a total minefield that threatened to blow up in the detective’s face should he ever venture into such dangerous territory.
“Will you stay until Sunday, see me off at the station, like a proper forces’ sweetheart?”
“Well that would be lovely, Mrs H,” John was relishing the thought of getting on with his jobs without Rosie’s assistance but was aware he was passing the buck, “If she won’t get under your feet, that is.”
“We’re off out now,” he called to the Windibanks. “Don’t wait up.”
“He would never have shot to kill,” Mrs King had come back into the kitchen, “I couldn’t rest,” she said apologetically to the support officer before turning to the others, “I have known Richard all his life, he might have fired a warning shot, or even clipped the man to disarm him, but he would never have killed him in cold blood.”
Mycroft pointedly looked at John. John settled himself more firmly in his chair, picked up his newspaper and studied his crossword intently. He was going nowhere.
John and Sherlock were married in the spring, and while the work still played an important part in their lives it no longer came between them. They lived happily ever after (except when Sherlock used all the milk for an experiment, and John threw said experiment away before Sherlock was done with it, and countless other incidents of that ilk, but that was fine, because they always forgave each other, and the make-up sex was sublime!)
Suddenly he felt the rock beneath his hands was not just damp but wet, and at the same time a drop of water splashed down on his face. Cautiously he caught the drop with the tip of his tongue, the water tasted peaty but not sour, he held out his hand to catch a few drops more, the water tasted much better than it had the right to. Using his handkerchief to soak up the drops and then sucking on the cloth, it took a good hour to catch enough to consider himself rehydrated but John thought the time well spent, he went onwards with renewed energy.
John spluttered and Dinah groaned but did not appear to wake up. Sherlock went on.
“That’s it,” he cried, “my name is Sherlock Holmes, I am a consulting detective, the only one in the world.”
******
“I’m not going to ask how you know that, but yes I do like a good crossword.”
“Mr and Mrs King, you said that you were awakened by a loud explosion. When you said that, did you mean that it seemed to you to be louder than the second one?”
“No Mr Holmes,” Mary entreated, “you must come with us; I still have to repay you for kindness, I have money for you but thought I might pay for your meal too.”
At this point, Crowley swivelled his head around until his eyes, still sore and bloodshot, alighted on a small stack of cards amongst the flowers on the desk behind of him. He grabbed the top one and read aloud.
“No severed heads in the fridge?”
Formalities concluded and with no harassed DIs or murderous cabbies to interrupt them, Sherlock suggests they go out to celebrate their new circumstances. John readily agrees.
This did not go down well and, after another half a dozen deductions about the woman’s home life, she departed. Sherlock could hear her loudly complaining to her friend outside that the whole thing was preposterous and whoever had heard of anyone being afraid of cats.
The man looked shame faced, and when Mrs Hudson appeared with tea, biscuits and a large square of fudge, he insisted on moving to a chair, and took them gratefully.
However, to John’s surprise, instead of a curt dismissal at the end of Mr Fell’s narrative, Sherlock stood up and began deducing instead.
She turned and went back into the house, while Mr Windibank stepped aside to allow Sherlock and John through. As they did so John raised a questioning eyebrow to which Sherlock replied with a shrug.
John laughed when the taxi drew up at the Savoy, “You weren’t worried that Greg would come looking for Dinah at her hotel?”
John took a drink from the bottle and then put it back on the side table, swapping it for his phone.
“No, Glenys, do keep up John!”
John looked down at his feet, the memory of the man’s hidden gaze making his cheeks burn,
It was then that he realised just how cold his hands were, and he stuffed them into the pockets of his trousers. His left hand closed on something, which his brain informed him was chalk, of course these were his work trousers, which meant in the right pocket, yes, there was his handkerchief and a tube of mints. He took a couple eagerly, but restrained himself from eating them all, who knew how long they would have to last.
John thought for a moment. “Sherlock, do you mean that Mycroft is engaged to Inspector Lestrade?”
“As time went on, I began to realise that James had hated young Arthur from the first with a persistent hatred. You may well ask me why, under these circumstances, I still kept James working for me. I answer that it was because I could see my brother’s face in his, and that for his sake I COULD not send him away. But it drove a wedge between me and my wife, and deep down I was afraid that this hostile environment was not good for Arthur’s wellbeing, so I dispatched him for safety to Dr Huxtable's school.
“Look’s like they are having a right old time it.” Mrs Hudson observed, bringing the tea things on a tray. She was referring to the scenes on the television, where the newsreader was covering the severe weather in Scotland. From what John could make out the airports were still closed, and the travel advice was
When John got back at eleven, neatly shorn, he found Sherlock missing, Rosie downstairs with Mrs Hudson and his list still on the kitchen table.
“Not exclusively. In addition to the surfing supplies and the food, Eddie’s also operates as an internet café which is unlikely to be busy this time of the afternoon. Although you may not think it, it will take more than a few drops of rain to keep the surfer boys out of the water. The tea and cake are a bonus. This way,” he added veering off down a side street before stopping so abruptly John nearly ran into him. “Oh your friends”
“You are going on a long journey…”
April 1989 at the register’s office in Ipswich.”
******
“No, you’ll come back… to me”
“Strange day?”
The bursar’s office was a slightly smaller version of the Headmaster’s, Aveling knocked and went in with Sherlock close behind. The room contained a harassed woman wrestling with a photocopier, Jennifer, Sherlock assumed. She looked up when they entered but went back to her tasks once she had acknowledged them.  Aveling slipped the keys to John’s room back into the key cupboard and went to search for torches in what turned out to be a storeroom off the main office. With the other occupants of the room distracted, Sherlock swiftly pocketed the keys and followed him.
“He’d moved on, moved away, didn’t want to know.”
“And James?”
******
******
Sherlock had intended to be gone no longer than in took to grab his bag and John’s laptop, but he had been waylaid by Tony Aveling and it had taken all Sherlock’s limited self-control not to be rude to the man. It appeared that the whole story was now the talk of the school.
“Not even a little.”
People too, they change.
Sherlock, Steve and Danny made their way up a gentle slope to the tall thin entrance of the cave. As they walked, Sherlock asked Steve about the people he had named as other drivers of the pickup.
Frankly Mycroft Holmes has had enough. He’s been apologising to Lady Smallwood for weeks and she still won’t let him forget it. Admittedly he did withdraw her ultra-status…and accuse her of treason… and the death of at least four operatives… and have her arrested but it was a matter of national security. He’d said he was sorry, what more did the bloody woman want? Thank God she was on holiday next week.
“Better than we could ever have hoped Mr Holmes”
Sherlock catalogued the dog hair
“It’s our last evening in Wilvercombe,” John continued, “we like to blow what’s left of our funds in different ways.”
John woke with a start, and it took a few seconds for him to know where he was. The bedroom which had seemed so comfortable the night before was eery in the dark, despite the ominous light that was filtering through the curtains. He pulled an arm out from under the covers, the air was frigid, and reached for the light switch above the bed. Nothing happened.
“What? Where are you going?”
“He might, such a thing is not impossible,” Dr Huxtable agreed, “but it would have to be supplied by the parents, and His Grace is something of a stickler for the rules. He may, however, have received a letter. I will contact the office; the bursar’s secretary will know.”
“Tesco has been delivered already.” John said with the air of satisfaction of a man who planned well ahead. “I’ve got about a hundred things you can help me with, but firstly do you mind watching Rosie while I pop out and get my hair cut.”
Mrs Hudson was obviously not in the mood for argument, so Sherlock conceded defeat and left them to it, anyway he had his own preparations to make.
Back in the castle they leant against the wall of the room and laughed and laughed until their sides hurt.
It only took four short steps from the kerb to the front door of 221 to put a damper on the evening, that, and brief glance at the doorknocker.
Mrs Hudson had surprisingly comprehensive insurance for a residential building in central London, though as the widow of a drug dealer she was probably right to be prepared for every eventuality. Mycroft’s pockets were deep and even John, with Mary’s life insurance in the bank, was in the position to contribute.
A seriously overworked and totally mystified DS Lestrade has finally buckled under the weight of Sherlock’s almost constant stream of texts
“The thing is, I thinking it is time for me to move on.”
“One question. Who is Mary Morstan?”
“Tell me, Miss Baker, is your father lucid? Would it be possible to visit him?”
John handed the glass of water to Sherlock who managed a few sips.
“I made you coffee.” Sherlock protested.
’?... You must have heard of ‘
“Dinah Shepherd?” John asked Sherlock tentatively as they sat together in the back a cab on their way to Scotland Yard.
Sherlock opened his eyes and was momentarily disorientated; he felt queasy, not unlike standing on shore again after a long time at sea. It was the sensation he experienced every time he saw his sitting room after a period of absence.
Sherlock almost pushed Miss Sutherland and Dr Watson out of the cabin and closed the door firmly behind them, fervently hoping that he would only see one of them again soon, and the right one. His prayers were answered not ten minutes later when Dr Watson returned.
When the tears had finally abated, John said in what Sherlock was beginning to recognise as his ‘doctoring’ voice. “Miss Sutherland, I am staying for a couple of nights with a friend and his mother and I have arranged to meet them for something to eat at a pub around the corner, perhaps you would like to join us?”
“I know just the thing,” she said with a flourish, “Guinness and Champagne, the official drink of mourning.”
Through understanding there’s forgiveness, in forgiveness there’s healing, and, as no confession is complete without it, in penance there is cake.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock disconnects and a satisfied Janine wanders contentedly into the kitchen and pours herself a glass of Pinot. He might live in a scuzz-dump, but he’s a handsome fella and Spencer Hart suits don’t grow on trees. With nous and a little luck she might just land herself a trust fund baby.
“Naturally.”
“I know you didn’t ask for this.”
(See the end of the chapter for
******
As Hilton-Cubitt had not suggested that his husband’s first language was anything other than English (although as an American that could be up for debate), Sherlock thought it safe to assume that to decode the cypher which he was certain it was, he should also start with English.
“Then what do you suggest?” Aziraphale sounded a little snippy, for an angel.
“Crazy, Sherlock, I am going crazy.”
“COME!” John replied.
******
Once he was certain that he could face Mrs Hudson without making a fool of himself John closed the door on the nursery and went back downstairs.
In the boiler room tucked away in the oldest part of the hotel, behind a door marked ‘staff only’, the Acting Manager, Mr Fell and the temporary receptionist Lilith were discussing the success of their campaign so far, or rather the lack of it.
He knows the odds are the soldier won’t turn up, that without the benefits of Sherlock’s eidetic memory he won’t remember their hastily made appointment, or worse he was having him on. But Sherlock cannot forget and although he dismisses such thoughts as foolish sentiment, weakness even, he admits reluctantly to himself “there is just something about him.”
******
Lestrade made an exasperated noise and rang off.
enter one tall, thin, nervy looking brunette. #19
“No… Never…”
Except John couldn’t say any of that so instead he said, “Thank you for your help today.”
Sally seemed to be thoroughly entranced with the idea of an overnight train journey and was bouncing up and down the corridor between his and Marcus’ cabin and the one she was sharing with Amy.
“What will you give me if I help you this time?”
Mycroft attempts wise counsel though it is as futile as trying to halt the waves.
“Very well I will investigate but I cannot offer you a quick solution. These symbols evidently have a meaning. If it is a purely arbitrary one it may be impossible for me to solve it. If, on the other hand, it is systematic, like semaphore for example I have no doubt that I shall get to the bottom of it. But this sample is insufficient, I need more data. I suggest that you return to Norfolk, that you keep a keen look-out, and that should any fresh dancing men appear, take a photograph and email it to me immediately. Be assured if there are any pressing fresh developments I am quite prepared to come up to Norfolk and see you there.”
by Edgar Allen Poe. John would have been useful here; fiction was much more his department. Sherlock quickly abandoned that area of enquiry, and went instead upstairs to the cypher room.
The Queen rejoiced beyond measure at the sight of the new riches, but as she could never have enough of gold, she had the miller's brother taken into a still larger room full of straw, and said, “This, too, must be spun in one night, and if you accomplish it you shall be my husband, but if by the early morning you have not spun this straw to gold you shall die.” For she thought,
It happened one day that Harry Watson came to be in the company of the Queen, and, because boasting went with the drinking, she told her that she had a brother who could spin gold out of straw. The Queen said to the miller, “That is an art that pleases me well; if your brother is as clever as you say, bring him to my castle to-morrow, that I may put him to the proof.”
Greg, who had had his eye on the British Government for years, surveyed the silenced room, turned to the shell-shocked Sherlock, shrugged his shoulders and said “Well, you did tell me to look after him”
“Shut up!” John said again, more forcefully. Bill ignored him.
“Exactly,” Aziraphale replied, “that is exactly what it is… a perfect storm.”
had burst into tears and run from the room. Sherlock, uncertain whether to follow him or to tell one of the masters, had hung around behind the scenes growing increasingly anxious as their place in the programme approached. But the boy had not returned and in the end Sherlock had gone on stage and played a rather bowdlerised version of the first movement of Vivaldi’s Autumn although only the accompanist and two sets of parents noticed.
“His son!” the other officer exclaimed.
“Good suggestion, wrong, but good nonetheless. It is far too modern in design.”
Sherlock appeared to latch onto that word “Yes, a case, that’s it, sort of…”
The summer term was a short one and John had the long vacation to explore his surroundings. While the other teachers took holidays abroad and visited family, John was quite content to stay in his rooms at the school and spend his days exploring the surrounding countryside. Walking was an ordeal as his limp persisted, so he bought a bicycle and took himself off every day, up hill and down dale, along the country lanes to market towns and villages around Mackleton, stopping to discover ancient churches, quaint tea rooms and peculiarly dressed wells. The exercise did John good, it restored his soul and made him feel at peace in a way he hadn’t for over two years.  He little knew that his world was about to be turned on its head again.
John ignored him and pressed on.
Lestrade was tempted to prevaricate but what the hell, here was the one person he could be honest with. “Blooming marvellous.” He announced with a great deal of satisfaction.
Mary and Sherlock chorused, “Who?”
“Right shall we have another go, how about the Hora Staccato this time. Coupé forward… battu derrière…”
John turned to the National Rail app on his phone and entered the details.
“Yes,” John answered patiently. “Bubbles can come too.”
John thought as he quickly climbed the stairs to the little bedroom that had been carved out of the loft space on the second floor.
“You really think we’ll get away with this?” John whispers as he watches Mr Cheekbones expertly pick the lock.
Sherlock stared at John’s retreating form “Why?”
******
“I’m thinking of having a little get together on one evening before Christmas, just a few of us. You’d be very welcome.”
“I have a theory. Miss Sutherland, this is what you are going to do. I am going to put you in a taxi to take you to the station and you are going to return to London. I will lend you the fare, you can repay me in due course. When you get home I want you to go at once to your typewriter and type ‘the quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog’, once in upper case and again in lower, plus a set of numerals and common punctuation. Put this paper in an envelope and send it guaranteed next day delivery to Dr John Watson care of…John?”
“I’m sorry Mrs Hudson, you’ve gone to so much trouble, but I can’t live here again. I can’t live like we used to live, running here and there, surviving on takeaways, eating on the hoof, never holding down a steady job, risking everything on a daily basis. I have responsibilities now, I have someone who depends on me entirely, I’m all she’s got.”
“It was all going so well,” Aziraphale bemoaned, “they were laughing and smiling at each other, I could have sworn I heard Dr Watson giggle, then the next thing Sherlock was under the table.”
Molly laughed again at her own joke, and waited for Sherlock to tell her not to try to be funny but he seemed lost in his own thoughts.
“We should have eloped.” John complained, while checking his emails on his phone.
“Yes”
The game however remains on. The crime has Moriarty’s fingerprints all over it, the pursuit of the jewel implies that Sherlock was not as successful in eliminating the consulting criminal’s entire cohort as he supposed. One remains and Sherlock rises to the challenge. Craig gives him the low down on how six identical heads of some politician who is unaccountably collectable arrived in England and the plot thickens. Five are destroy and a woman is dead. Sherlock takes himself to Reading to skulk in the undergrowth and await developments. He does not have to wait long.
“Obviously, John”
“Moriarty… the little Irish fella.” Crowley spoke the name with a kind of reverence, “what did you say happened to him?”
At ten to six he leaves his little bedsit and walks slowly to the grand entrance of the British Museum, where he waits for over an hour, deducing the visitors, the staff, the passers-by, just keeping busy.
Sherlock didn’t ask what John meant, he just nodded and began. He told John about the snipers, about the plans. Of Mycroft’s scheme, and Moriarty’s suicide. He skipped Serbia, and embellished Tibet. He left out the fear, the pain and the loneliness but John heard it all anyway.
They got in and John began to give the address of the Guildhall, but Sherlock quickly gave another address that John didn’t quite catch.
“No not that one.” Sherlock said quickly, a note of alarm in his voice. “We’ll never be rid of him.  Give him the cooking whisky,” he added, reaching for the Bells.
******
“You’ll freeze, the heating’s off.”
Mycroft returned shortly with his dignity restored, he was wearing his most ridiculously formal suit and the blankest of expressions.
Lestrade had text John the news that the case had been solved so the doctor was surprised to find Sherlock was up before him the next morning. He had fully expected the detective to sleep for sixteen hours before emerging bleary, tousled and ravenously hungry ready to consume one of Mrs Hudson’s famous fry ups.
“Absolutely, it is my number one job for today”
The inspector continued with his description of the corpse: dead approximately thirty-six hours, no water in the lungs, therefore he entered the water posthumously, every bone in his body broken, and not just broken, some were completely crushed.
John had a feeling that he probably didn’t want to hear what Sherlock had to say but there was no point in delaying the inevitable.
******
“Sherlock… please!”
John could tell he would get nothing out of the detective that night. After Mycroft left, he banked up the fire and washed the glasses, pausing only momentarily before polishing off the contents of Mycroft’s. It was a shame to waste cheap whisky; hopefully, whatever was wrong with Mycroft wasn’t contagious.
John was pleased to find Sherlock at 221b when he finally arrived home, but he wasn’t the only one. Rosie was delighted, it appeared she too had missed Sherlock over the weekend. Sherlock took Rosie from John and helped her out of her coat and shoes. She clung to his leg as he did this and said as she had when she had first started talking “Sher… up.”
John thought,
John yawns, “Well, I might just go to sleep,” he says, teasingly, “or I might just kiss you.”
When the cheers died away, Dinah tapped her own glass.
Sherlock thinks, as he looks at his friend’s open, expectant face.
The blackboard and easel had been delivered the previous afternoon, so Sherlock set it up and soon had it covered it with his own drawings of the figures. There were now nine repetitions of the most common character so he decided to take a gambol and mark it as E, and started to play around with the next most frequent as to whether it was T or A. He had already decided that the figures holding little flags did not indicate different letters but having first thought they might represent punctuation, was now thinking they might simply mark the end of separate words.
The Chief Constable laughed and slapped Greg on the back again. Greg wished people would stop doing that, he was getting a permanently bruised spine.
“But John” Sherlock said when he came up for breath.
(See the end of the chapter for
“The rot set in at Holderness Hall back in the 1940s when the sixth duke in an attempt to avoid death duties passed the estate to his eldest son, except that son was killed at Arnhem in 1944 and the estate reverted back to his father as next of kin. As a result, when the sixth duke died the estate was stung for crippling death duties which took years to settle and even longer to recover from. The seventh duke sold off some of the family silver, a Rubens and a Rembrandt, and most notably Carston House in Pall Mall which kept the show on the road for a few more years, but while the Dukes of Holderness might have still been land rich, they were cash poor, and things were about to get worse.
In the time it took for Sherlock to dress and collect the overnight bag which he kept for such occasions, and for Mrs Hudson to make them both sandwiches, they were ready to depart. However, there was little point in hurrying, the first train with a connection to Mackleton was not until Midday.
“Jealousy.” Crowley replied instantly. “The Green-eyed monster. Never fails… get Sherlock a boyfriend, make Dr Watson realise what he’s missing.”
“Reverse turn, and again, and again, and…”
The Kings were a sensible looking couple probably in their early sixties, visibly shaken but desperate to do their bit to help the police. They told their story clearly enough. They had been aroused from their sleep by the sound of an explosion, which had been followed a minute later by a second one. They had come downstairs together and seen that the study door was open. Richard lay face down in the centre of the room, and they could tell immediately he was dead. Patrick had been crouching near the window; head leaning against the wall, horribly wounded, the side of his face was red with blood, breathing but incapable of speech.
The nurse, a brisk efficient woman, examined John and found him remarkably unscathed from his ordeal. The wound on the back of his head was cleaned and shown to be healing nicely, his hands and knees were sore, and the skin broken in places, but John was more than capable of attending to these once he had taken a shower. The nurse checked his tetanus inoculation was up to date and prescribed a light meal, plenty of fluids and a day or so in bed to recuperate from his ordeal. John was prepared to agree to the first two suggestions.
“He is not here. He was unwell this morning, so I sent him home about an hour ago.”
Sherlock emerged from the bedroom around eleven; when he saw John, he blushed the roots of his hair, but a huge smile covered his face, which became even larger when John dropped a kiss on his lips as he handed him a piece of toast.
“Wouldn’t a banana or carrot would be more appropriate for an infant of Rosie’s age”
“It’s in the public domain Mrs King” Sherlock swiftly tried to deduce from the tone of her voice what her reason for calling might be “How can I help you?”
“When I said Eddie and me were as close as brothers that’s no exaggeration, in fact I’d say we was closer as Eddie’s brothers used to fight like cat and dog, and we never did. There’s less than six months between us, our fathers were the closest of friends, our families used to vacation together, we grew up in each other’s houses. It were only natural that we would be the best of friends... only there weren’t anything natural in mine and Eddie’s friendship… not in the end.
Sherlock had also mentioned Mycroft’s penchant for dusty warehouses, Aziraphale did not like the sound of that and instead instructed the driver to take him to the Diogenes Club. The driver appeared to be contemplating disobeying, but Aziraphale nipped that thought in the bud, and the Daimler was soon gliding down Shaftesbury Avenue towards Pall Mall. The angel settled back to enjoy the ride.
“Do share.”
He had said it as a rhetorical question, but Danny answered him immediately, “over in the Rocky Shaw.”
“Don’t talk wet, anyway change of subject. What are you up to for Christmas?”
John smiled but said nothing, one could hardly live under the same roof as Sherlock Holmes an not be aware of the dangers bees faced, colony collapse disorder, deformed wing virus, the Varroa Mite and the Lake Sinai Virus were just a few of the threats he could remember from Sherlock’s innumerable lectures on the subject.
Food would be an issue and he didn’t fancy running around on Christmas Day trying to find a takeaway that was open, and he certainly wasn’t going to a pub on his own. The idea of a turkey or even a chicken was absurd but he stopped by the local butchers and bought a rather expensive steak which was more of a treat anyway. He passed the off licence and thought about getting a nice single malt, but settled instead for a packet of Assam and another of orange pekoe from the artisan tea shop next door.
“No before that.”
Sherlock realised that the woman was staring at him, while he continued to hold her hand limply in his own. He shook himself and returned his attention to the paying customer.
“Yes.”
High functioning sociopath.
John was within shouting distance of the truck and could see three figures walking towards it when it struck him that the truck could easily be the same one that he had attached himself to the night of Arthur Saltire’s abduction. He stopped in his tracks, suspecting a trap and looking for a place to hide, there were rocks, but they were nowhere near large enough and anyway it was too late. He had been spotted.
John looked at Sherlock as if he had suddenly grown additional features of his own. “I have no idea what you are on about and I really have no time to try to work it out now, I am late enough as it is. You are sure you’re ok to collect Rosie from the minder?”
Sherlock locked the cabin behind them, and they set off on the short walk along the promenade to Wilvercombe’s landmark hotel.
John knew what Sherlock was referring to. “No, it was you, most of my nightmares concern you, even when I am awake. You were lost on the moor, in a cave, some place dark… every time I reached you, you slipped through my fingers. I couldn’t stop you falling. Old story, new version. They will pass.”
John was at work and Rosie with the minder when the call came in from Lestrade. A dead body floating in a bath in Battersea… no obvious cause of death, the bathroom door locked from the inside, almost identical to the Camberwell case plus Lestrade added the additional carrot, the house was derelict and had had no running water for two years.
Sherlock thought the eggs and toast could best be hidden in the kitchen bin but to his dismay it had been emptied. The only contents were what could only be another piece of John’s notepaper torn into dozens of tiny pieces like so much confetti, Sherlock could see more of John’s handwriting. Carefully Sherlock laid out a plastic cloth on the table and emptied the contents of the bin onto it. He gathered all the fragments of paper and turned them the right way up. Then like an improvised jigsaw puzzle he began to piece them together. It was not the easiest of tasks, the pieces had been torn unevenly and possibly some were missing but finally after the best part of an hour, and with some guess work, he thought he had the complete document. Unfortunately, it was yet more sentimental tripe.
Luck on the battlefield is a finite resource and there is not always enough to go round.
******
“No time, mate”
Night-time, a side ward in the ICU, somewhere in London
******
“He must have excellent credentials.”
Sherlock’s phone was turned up loud and John could hear Mycroft quite clearly.
A moment later, Mrs Hudson popped her head out of 221A.
“Enough said, Mrs Hudson, I get the point”
He did stand up, leaning against the cave wall and creeping forward one small step at a time, closing his eyes to combat the slight dizziness he still felt stepping out into the darkness. Slowly, slowly… When he opened his eyes again, he was more certain still it was lighter, a faint fringe of grey at the edges of the dark. He pressed on,
“Does everyone have keys to all the rooms?” Sherlock asked in surprise.
“Not a politician.”
He slipped into the large kitchen and observed the scene initially unnoticed. At this stage int the evening, with the main courses served, the atmosphere was beginning to relax and move away from the earlier bustle and busyness. He spotted two women clearing plates into a food waste bin over by the sinks, while another woman in a white coat was ladling fruit salad into a large serving bowl while a young man did the same with what appeared to be Eton Mess. (Sherlock’s stomach couldn’t help a small rumble, Eton Mess was a particular favourite). There were double doors the far side of the kitchen which Sherlock assumed led to the dining rooms, as a young woman in a black dress and white apron stood leaning against one so that it opened slightly and she could peak through. A second woman, also in black, was doing something with a filter coffee machine.
“I thought you were dead!” Sherlock’s voice was heavy with emotion.
well I got there, only three days late, big shout out to ohlooktheresabee for a great set of prompts. see you in June.
“Yes, we know.”
“Sherlock,” John said slowly, as if not to frighten him, “This person. Did you never see him again? Or was it just that you didn’t see him for two years?
Crowley didn’t but said he knew the brother, and then remembered something else. “One of ours… little Irish fella, couple of years ago, requested an intervention…”
But far from being angry, Sherlock couldn’t help still being intrigued. There was a mystery to solve… the conundrum that was Ralph Fell.
“See for yourself,” Sherlock replied, handing a paper to John.
“I know, I was there and I really appreciate what he did about the furniture.”
“Him,” Sherlock pointed at the screen, “I thought he died in that crash.” Sherlock turned to look at John. “Are you even watching this?”
Sherlock finally spoke, “No Apert’s syndrome or asphyxiating thoracic dystrophy?”
“No more lies,” John ranted and raved, shouted at Mycroft and made as if to strike the man, but he never flinched. It is this that finally convinced John that the British Government had known the true identity of his former fiancée for less that forty-eight hours.
“Ah, I was not convinced of her murderous proclivities at the time of your engagement. Sherlock only discovered the irrefutable evidence during his courtship.”
“Something like that.” Crowley agreed, not wishing to add to the angel’s miseries. “So, what was on your bucket list?”
Sherlock had the impression that John’s storytelling had concerned him, but he was too subdued to be flattered, what he really wanted was for the day to be over, and to be safely behind their front door. But he needed John and Rosie to be there with him.
John replied immediately, voice still low and vehement, “Because it is personal!”
John clenched and unclenched his fists again, “I need to walk.”
His thoughts were interrupted by a polite cough from the butler who had arrived to inform John that Monsieur Henri was ready for him. As he was led into a small anteroom between the foyer and the sitting room John regretted again that he hadn’t had time to change, he was not entirely sure what
“Yes?”
Fortunately the Inspector was a fan of Sherlock’s but had never worked with him before. “It is highly irregular but I should be proud to feel that we were acting together, Mr Holmes,” he replied earnestly.
While John had been talking, Sherlock had been busy on his own computer searching the name Mary Sutherland and various connections before turning to John with a look of triumph. “The will was contested by Miss Sutherland’s mother!”
The fine details of the day were still very much in the planning stage, Mary seemed to have very strong opinions and John seemed quite happy to leave it to her. He had done his bit in the selection of the engagement ring, and now all he had to firm up was his and Sherlock’s suits. John’s idea of a quick trip to Moss Bros to hire something suitable had been vetoed immediately by Sherlock who had never worn a prêt-à-porter suit in his adult life (except in disguise and not always then) and wasn’t about to start now. He arranged an appointment at his tailors and invited Mycroft round to play
Sherlock returns to Montague Street having obtained from Wiggins what is required to see his situation with sparkling clarity.
“John’s cousin, top table?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Did you follow us last night, is that how you operate? Spying on visitors to get the gen on them in case they come to see you.”
) at the Ragged Shaw. If not, then they would be back to looking for a needle in a haystack.
John pushed aside his half-eaten apple pie which Sherlock eyed greedily.
Just starting to crawl
“No,” Ruth smiled at him, “I have the gift of faith.”
“No, and that’s final.”
John did this and stood on a plinth while the tailor flitted around taking measurements with a digital tape measure calling out numbers to his assistant. It seemed to be taking an indeterminable length of time, but John noticed, as he turned round at the tailor’s request that the door to the lounge was slightly open and that if he concentrated, he could hear snippets of Dinah’s conversation, and laughter, and man’s voice answering in a deep rumble.
“Why would anyone do such a wicked thing?”
John thought disappointedly, helping himself to the cereal.
“Ian grew up in a Children’s Home, he has no family. Every year the home used to bring the children on holiday here. He spoke of the place with such fondness and I thought perhaps if he was distressed or in trouble he would come here, and that’s where I would find him. I thought it was just a sleepy village but it is a big town, with so many hotels that I don’t know where to begin to look. Then I saw your cabin and it was like a sign that I should ask you for help.”
“You open late on Fridays?”
Over a cup of tea, John put on his most doctorly voice and asked for her take on the events.
“I married not long after I came into the title and the girls followed very quickly but then for a long time it looked as if there wouldn’t be an heir for Holderness from my loins. Julie Hayes was working at the Hall and I encouraged her to bring the boy with her, so I could get to know him better, instruct him in the ways of running the estate. Maybe I failed to make it clear, but I never intended anything other than James taking over as agent when Rogers retired. Then finally, and rather to our surprise, Arthur came along, James would have been around sixteen by then, and I could tell immediately that he was extremely put out.
“It strikes me that we went about that the wrong way.” Crowley waited for the rebuttal, it never came so he ploughed on, letting the car keep an eye on the road for a while. “Perhaps we should have prepared the ground a bit more, you know, they have been apart for a long time. It might have been a bit much to just present them a double bed and expect them to get on with… er… it.”
Sherlock didn’t need to be asked twice.
They set off again this time with Danny holding onto the tailgate, he wobbled at first but then settled down when he remembered not to try to pedal. Sherlock could see him in the mirror when he remembered to look but then it was daylight, it might not have been the case at night, and Steve agreed it made no difference to the steering.
Spotting a gap in the proceedings, Sherlock went over to the woman in the white coat and cleared his throat. The woman gave a start, and her assistant also looked up.
Turning his back to Aveling, Sherlock briefly lifted the box down, it was heavy, very heavy indeed. He slid the box back in place, he would come back later, without a chaperone, to confirm his suspicions but he was 99.9% certain that the box contained John’s gun and if John’s gun was still in his rooms then Sherlock could state with absolute conviction that he had nothing to do with the disappearance of the boy.
******
This was received with a grimace, “What a horrible thought, though good guess that my father died recently. However, I am not here to find out what my father thought of me, I know that already.”
He changes the subject “I almost forgot” indicating the tightly sealed bag “I brought your kit, as instructed”
“He felt the same.”
Sherlock and John did as they were told.
All's well that ends well.
“I’ll be there at nine.”
John had an unsuccessful shopping trip and both he and Rosie were exhausted by the time they got back to a disappointingly cold and empty flat. The lights were off and the fire unlit. He supposed Sherlock might still be in bed but then noticed his coat and scarf were missing. John had planned a takeaway for the evening, Sherlock didn’t seem to have a case on, which generally meant he could be persuaded to sit and watch the usual Friday night crap telly. He text Sherlock, and then again but only received the one-word reply ‘out’. Not wanting to sound like a nagging wife, John cooked fishfingers for Rosie, and then had the same himself.
Wow! it is done - the OTP have arrived where they belong, together at Baker Street.
Aziraphale decided it was best to ignore his faux pas and get straight down to business.
“Why wouldn’t I be ok?”
“No more poems, please, from now on actions speak louder than words”
“Then why was his father so adamant that Paul should do something against his inclination?”
“Did the boy have any visitors on the day before he disappeared?”
. Still, he was there for answers and he wasn’t leaving until he got them.
Aziraphale pursed his lips and then answered in a surprisingly firm voice for one who was usually so genial, “he went the way of all flesh;” leaving Crowley in no doubt that the topic was closed.
******
“No do stay, I am afraid I really must run along, I have a shop to open…” Turning to Sherlock, he said “I will see you later, my dear, eight o’clock at the Savoy.”
But Sherlock is not to be dissuaded from the red herring of Emelia Ricoletti
John noted that Mycroft’s voice had lost none of its insufferably patronising tone in the last two years.
That was her motto, and her father’s before.
On first sight Sherlock would have put her at mid to late forties but as she came close enough to enable him to see her neck, he knocked twenty years off her age. Wearing a dowdy brown pinafore, American tan tights and a shapeless knitted cardigan on top, despite the hot weather, she was the kind of woman his grandmother would have described as ‘well upholstered’.
Sherlock studied the envelope and its contents for some time.
John agreed that this was the case.
******
“People like me?” Sherlock queries. “Is it an indicator of the high functioning sociopath?”
“Who?” But alert to the fact Mrs Hudson had given a little squeal, Sherlock added, “Perhaps you might elucidate.”
“I know, Mycroft, I could say the same about myself and Dinah. But what you and I had together was good, Mycroft, I miss it… hang on… you said you didn’t know about Dinah when you sent me to Scotland… so you tried to split us up anyway. Mycroft were you jealous?”
“You think this troubles me? I’m not playing this time, Sherlock, not any more. When you’re ready to go to work, give me a call… I’m taking Mary home”
He tries to extract himself from a tentacle hold. “I have to go.”
John discovered that his joint savings account with Mary was considerably healthier than he had believed which allowed him to end his contract with the surgery and avoid the unnecessary gossip working there would have entailed. A month after Mary vanished, it was almost as if she had never existed, John was not one to let the grass grow under his feet, he had cut out the drinking, rearranged his room, and had started looking for a new position while checking for cases on Sherlock’s email. All that was missing was his profile on Tinder.
“Anyway, if you are stopping here tonight, I’ll be off.”
Sherlock bent his head slightly in acknowledgement.
“You’re right!” the uniformed officer agreed, “So a third shot was ﬁred, and therefore a third person must have been here. But who could it have been and how could they have got away?”
It doesn’t take a lot to make a man usually so pristine in his appearance look dishevelled, particularly to someone who knew Mycroft as well as John did. Agreed the doctor had seen the bureaucrat in a worst state than this evening, but only twice before and then under the most extreme circumstances. John could hardly pinpoint what made him think it tonight. Was the tie a fraction of a millimetre askew? Was there the tiniest speck of dirt on a cuff? Sherlock would be able to read it all in an instant. As it happened John was forced to use words.
221A - Martha Hudson
He removed the ring and slipped it into his jacket pocket, at least he had gained a rather nice new suit out of it.
“It strikes me,” Crowley paused, he might be a demon, but he never liked to hurt anyone’s feelings (and by anyone he meant Aziraphale).
he thinks
“That was the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done.”
From Mycroft there had been text messages and a couple of late-night phone calls, but as they had known from the outset, they were both busy men, with demanding jobs. True to his word, Mycroft had that morning sent a text with the address of a restaurant not far from Embankment station, with a reservation for eight o’clock that evening.
“Not really my scene. All I have to do is organise my whistle and flute and the ring, and I already have those taken care of… oh and one other thing, which is where you come in.”
The distraction ploy is unsuccessful, John makes a pretty speech and asks him anyway.
COME/EDDIE
Would his friends be there?
“My hand used to shake, and I couldn’t hold a scalpel but that stopped when I started scaling walls with you.
“The people I mixed with called me ‘freak’, ‘misfit’, ‘oddball’ or ‘aberration’, but mostly they didn’t address me at all, until so many years had passed since anyone had called me by it, I found that I had deleted my name completely. Therefore, I cannot get divorced from my work as I cannot serve the papers.”
“Half past two-ish” John replied.
was bubbles her favourite toy,
“I don’t think I could do what you do.”
“Tremendous fun, there were clients and cases, and running off after criminals, and Chinese takeaways and crap television in the quieter times. Not perfect, there was plenty of bickering too, slammed doors and screeching violin solos at two in the morning but their squabbles never lasted long. Dr Watson drifted in and out of relationships with women, as if to make a point, but none that lasted either.
Instead, like many great men, his hubris has brought about his downfall. He will die prematurely and unmourned at his brother’s hand. How Roman.
Wedding Planning
The tailors had done a marvellous job in completing the work in record time. There was a slight kerfuffle when he was at first handed a suit which turned out to have been made for a man taller than John and slimmer than Greg, but this was soon sorted out and John was given the correct suit to try on. John looked at himself in the mirror and decided he had never owned such a beautiful suit, not even for his own wedding. It fitted him perfectly and he reflected that it was most likely Dinah’s influence (and money) rather than Greg’s that had produced the suit at record speed. With just the hems and a little top stitching left to finish, Monsieur Henri’s assistant took a note of the Baker Street address and agreed it would be delivered on Thursday.
******
for the express purpose of purloining one of his credit cards.
John didn’t argue with him, although out of the two of them he was probably feeling the most tired, he knew that while Sherlock would never bring himself to say so, the realisation of his worst fears had brought on a blank melancholy that would last until the next success.
“Excuse me, I really must be heading home, I need to get back to put my daughter to bed.” It wasn’t entirely true; Mrs Hudson was more than happy to see to Rosie, but John was grateful for the excuse. He gave Sherlock a meaningful stare. Sherlock looked away, huffed, and then sighed before standing up.
Crowley sprung to the defence of his angel. “It’s essential. Mary Morstan is not who she claims to be.”
“The club’s about to be raided, I’ve no wish to be here when the police arrive and I suspect neither do you. This hatch leads to the roof space, there’s a fire exit that opens directly onto the canal path. If I give you a bunk up, then you can help me and we could have a chance of getting away.”
Crowley thought that being the only two full time supernatural beings on the planet for the past six millennia was plenty to be going on with, but he kept that to himself.
Crowley tried to justify himself again but Aziraphale shut him down smartly. “You nearly got the poor boy killed, not once, not twice but four times.”
“When was this?”
“It’s not that I don’t want to come back, I can’t come back”
“Really Gregory. So soon after you proposed to another?”
“If you like I could stay for a bit”
John went over to the Christmas tree where Stella and Sally were talking shop and rather indiscreetly filling in Stella’s husband with the gen on Greg’s new flame. “An open and shut case of suicide, the room was locked from the inside, only his fingerprints on the gun…”
“Good luck!”
He was still concerned about Arthur, although he was almost certain he was alone he knew he would never forgive himself he it turned out he had abandoned the boy. He took the chalk from his pocket and marked a cross on the stone. John couldn’t see it but trusted that it was there. He would mark his route at regular intervals as he made his way out.
“Mrs Hudson, just think, 221b, Sherlock and a small child, it’s a recipe for disaster.”
“Greg’s getting married? I didn’t even know he was courting.”
“But I provoked …”
“In a minute,” John replied, reluctant for some unfathomable reason to leave Sherlock even in her care.
John was not convinced, “So what exactly were you doing in the Thames?”
Obediently Sherlock began to move the mixture around the bowl with the spoon.
Except that John had gone to bed the night before having reached the inevitable conclusion that he would have to spend the day trying to get hold of Dinah and making executive decisions regarding caterers and buttonholes. John tried to feel sorry for Greg, and Dinah, that their plans had gone so awry, but he found the whole situation so bizarre he couldn’t help thinking that a postponement would be the best thing all round. He couldn’t understand what all the hurry was in aid of anyway.
“Of course, he did,” Mrs Hudson answered for him, “It was Sherlock’s wedding.”
“As ever, a ‘thank you’ is too much to expect.” Mycroft didn’t wait for a reply. “Goodbye Sherlock.  Kindly give my regards to Dr Watson.” And with that the line went dead.
“I was pushed for time, and anyway what is wrong with it? And what is wrong with being a florist? You like plants.”
“Would you care to explain?” Aziraphale asked, sounding as petulant as permissible for an angel.
“According to Sherlock,” Mycroft replied, “It was the other way round. Here”
Mrs Hudson’s kitchen was the second place where Sherlock felt most at home, after his own flat. There was a fresh tray of mince pies just out of the oven, Sherlock reached for one automatically, and received a sharp rap on the back of his hand with a wooden spoon.
“Go for it. If you can tell a software engineer by his tie and a pilot by his thumb, you would surely be able to tell a cat burglar by his walk and a murderer by her left ear. Invaluable to the police.”
“I am going to be blunt, Miss Moran,” he began, “as far as the British government is concerned you  should be arrested and brought to trial for those misdemeanours that have taken place on British soil.”
“You know what has become of Ian?”
“What?” John mumbled round his piece of toast while distractedly packing his daughter’s day bag.
John makes a sudden move that lands him on top of the long pale body he’s lusted after all night.
“I don’t believe so.”
The visitor smiled again “I’m a farmer; we have a couple of shotguns and an air rifle. But yes, I have a handgun, all licenced.”
After another hour, the newspaper abandoned, John stood and stretched a little. “Right, I think I’ll turn in, don’t forget to go to bed at some point”
Crowley let his mind wander while Aziraphale kept talking, he wasn’t entirely happy that his angel was so taken with a human being, usually he was only interested in fine wines, fabulous food and first editions. The soldier didn’t sound much better, short on charm, temper and stature as far as Crowley could make out. He couldn’t see why, if Aziraphale was so determined, he couldn’t just persuade this Sherlock to fall for some other bloke, (although technically anything to do with love came under the cherubim’s remit, having taken over from Cupid in the fourth century), it would make things an awful lot easier and then Aziraphale could go back to being a bookseller and Crowley could have him all to himself. He said as much to the angel, leaving out the last bit.
Fortunately, the pub’s original three bedrooms were unaffected, fortunate as the owners had had a sudden run of bookings, possibly due to the murder of a local resident. In the small single was Detective Inspector Somersby of the Herefordshire CID, in the twin were two additional police officers and the remaining double had just been taken by a Mr S Holmes, who it turned out was accompanied by a Dr J Watson.
Sherlock took a last look at the blackboard and went to get dressed.
Sherlock wriggled a bit in his seat, Rosie protested.
John sighs “You were there when we discussed the renovations. Did you hear anything we said?”
Despite John’s desire to ignore it, Christmas was inevitably encroaching on his life. He couldn’t get a delivery slot for his groceries so he would have to brave the crowds and shop in person. No luxury of a second breakfast this morning, he was a man on a mission.
“Goodnight… sweetheart.”
“I know, that’s why I went away. To protect you, well Mrs Hudson and Lestrade too, but mainly you. But as I have learnt in these past two days... I cannot protect you unless we are together.”
John subconsciously licked his lips.
“Good man,” Sherlock replied, taking from his pocket the collection of notes and drawings, both his own and those that had been sent to him by Richard Hilton-Cubitt. Asking for a pen and some paper he sat down at the kitchen table and worked for some time until finally he gave the completed note to Mr King saying that it was to be handed only to Mr Abraham Garvey who he believed would be found at Elirige’s Farm.
Mrs Hudson is minding Rosie while upstairs John is wrangling with an electrician about the rewiring.
“Mrs Flugrath’s solicitor who had been responsible for the will and for the schoolboy error redeemed himself admirably by producing copies of all Mrs Flugrath’s previous wills at the hearing. According to this report Mrs Flugrath made a will in 1985, shortly after the death of her husband which left the bulk of her estate to her cousin Thomas Sutherland. This will was revised in October 2001, one would assume just after Thomas died as it left everything jointly to her cousin’s widow Mrs Thomas Sutherland, which is an old fashioned way of writing her name but helpful in this case, and to her niece, there’s that word again, Mary Sutherland.”
Sherlock stood back from the board, “I am certain that first letter must be A, so that gives us E D I A C O M N V and R, more than enough to crack the code.”
“Sherl, you loon, where are ya?”
“Two persons to see Mary.”
“We’ve done nothing wrong, it isn’t a crime,” Mrs Windibank protested.
“Although she was wearing shoes of the same style and colour, the right one was new, a couple of months old at most while the left was quite worn and probably only now used for pottering around the garden. In her haste to leave yesterday she put on odd shoes and didn’t notice. Something which both confirms her short sightedness and that she left in a hurry. Walking for long periods of time in mismatched shoes had caused her limp.
“Looks like it’s one of those churches.”
They had reached the gap in the hedgerow that led out to the road. Steve pulled up and turned to John, “are you sure about the hospital?”
“I promise you; you’ll get it back. Now no time to waste, the next train to London is in twenty minutes. Here,” Sherlock handed her a small bundle of notes, “this should be enough for the taxi and the train fare. Dr Watson perhaps you could escort Miss Sutherland to the taxi rank at the end of the street”
“Very clever, you do indeed have a gift.”
Duty calls for DCI Lestrade
“A toast, everyone,” Sherlock announced, “to er… Gerald…” he stopped and looked round, “John?”
“Close your mouth John.” Sherlock snapped, “We’re here.”
Sherlock didn’t begrudge this dereliction of duty; in the circumstances he would probably have done the same, but he did find it rather disconcerting to observe the driver seemed to be wearing sunglasses. He was just about to file this fact under the general mistrust of cabbies he had harboured for years, when Ralph appeared around the corner of the mews, flapping ever so slight and in their desperate haste to get away, the strange eyewear of the driver was forgotten.
aka Terry Kirk, an acquaintance of Sherlock was presently detained at her majesty’s pleasure. The fact he was detained for six months rather than six years was entirely due to Sherlock providing Terry’s defence counsel with grounds for a plea bargain which had resulted in a more lenient sentence.
“Secrets? I love secrets.” Sherlock rubs his hands with glee.
. As soon as the soldier was left alone, the stranger appeared for the third time and said.
It’s days since he's spoken to Sherlock, three days during which the death of Richard Hilton-Cubitt and their conversation about it has weighed heavily on John’s mind.
Sherlock thought,
“What on earth?”
“Or her, for that matter.”
“Murder.” He swivelled the laptop round so John could read:
“What do you mean?”
“Oh no, he went out not long after you did. He’s quite the gadabout these days, isn’t he? I hope you don’t mind but I had a quick peek, you are going to look so smart. I’m pleased the Inspector has gone for a lounge suit rather than morning dress, so much more appropriate for a fourth wedding, and you’ll be able to wear it again. Though I am not sure that Inspector Lestrade’s looks quite big enough across the chest.”
“Only that there was a bit of an incident with one of my officers yesterday.”
“I did so love to dance,” Aziraphale sounded wistful “I used to go to a lovely little club just for the gavotte, such a shame when it closed.”
“This is a matter of life or death.”
Murray has the seasoned combat medic’s sense of humour. “Sometimes it’s worse.”
******
“You did the right thing, whether you meant to or not you will have given John the psychological strength to cling to life where other men would die.”
“You could talk about it, you know?”
The man took another step forward and clenched his fists, “What is this? Some kind of lefty wind up? Telling a man to shirk his duty?”
“Why are you investigating one of the most illustrious personages in the land?”
Gavin is quite incandescent, and bawls Sherlock out loudly and at great length.
Not that it was anyone’s business but his own, but John had always found the Inspector’s matrimonial status something of a challenge to keep up with. He and his wife had separated and reconciled at least three times to John’s knowledge before finally divorcing during Sherlock’s ‘absence’ and there had been a very brief rapprochement even after that. However, Greg had certainly been single at the time of John’s own foray into matrimony, hence the lack of a ‘plus one’ at the reception. John’s, admitted hazy, memories of the officer after the arrest of the Mayfly Man had him a) getting spectacularly drunk and b) not getting off with any of the bridesmaids, bar staff or caterers that he had subsequently approached.
“I lied to myself like Abe Garvey, so I could be the man I thought I should be, and look where it got me. You believed that you were a sociopath because back when you were a child a very bad thing happened to you that hurt you very much. Somewhere along the line I think you were either taught or you decided on your own that bad things happened because you deserved it and not caring was the only way to survive. That was wrong. You’ve become a blank canvas for other people to write on, Eurus, your Mum and Dad, Mycroft, even me, always trying to fit yourself to other people’s expectations, never being true to yourself because you didn’t know who that was. It’s time for both of us to be honest.
After work John and an appointment with Monsieur Henri for a final fitting of his suit, this time at his studio in Jermyn Street not at the Savoy Hotel. John was grateful for this, he had taken a dislike to Ms Dinah Shepherd, and was not keen to spend any more time in her company than necessary.
The angel sobered up, curious, “What do they normally say?”
Greg soon put a damper on John’s plans, even a hire car and Sally, Marcus and Amy driving in shifts through the night to allow Greg his beauty sleep wouldn’t work, if they couldn’t get off the island.
“What do you think it is like for me to know one day I am going to have to tell Rosie that you’re not coming home. That one day you won’t be clever enough or quick enough…”
Ella is clever, empathetic and insightful; she burrows deep into the heart of John’s situation with the aim of examining what they find there. Today they are tackling the subject of John’s estrangement from Harry.
The receptionist refuses point blank to let Sherlock through. It is only the timely intervention of Lestrade that prevents his arrest.  That the Inspector with his badge can gain admittance but Sherlock cannot is unacceptable. What does she mean ‘next of kin only’ - John is his everything.
Aziraphale paused for a momentary pang of regret;
“Here.” John said, at what seemed a suitable interval, Sherlock stood up, blinked, and smiled before holding out a hand to take the mug. “What all this then?”
“Have you sent the fresh drawing?”
The man grabbed his coat, and his newspaper and made for the door as quickly as he could, glancing at Sherlock’s visitor with a look of terror, although if that was due to his diagnosis or his profession, Sherlock was undecided.
“How did you know about the intimacy?”
“I knew what some folk were thinking, that he was after my money, or a passport. I didn’t mention did I, he’s American, brought up in Arkansas, but Patrick is a novelist, quite a good one. Not wealthy but able to support himself.
Much later, curled on the couch together they reviewed the events of the last weeks. John tried, unsuccessfully, to apologise to Sherlock for running out on him after their first kiss. Sherlock demurred.
“It will be fun, trust me.”
John manoeuvres, firstly the seat, then the cistern and finally a shoulder. Once he’s safely in the roof space he turns to haul up his comrade, and they’re away, running and laughing through the fire door into the night beyond.
Sherlock walked over to the woman by the sinks and passed the message on. Debbie briefly looked over to Mrs Gray who nodded and carried on with her work. Debbie quickly finished loading the machine and set it off. “Let’s get some fresh air, there’s a few minutes before they clear the tables of the main course.”
John smiled and put his hands up. “Ok, ok, not police then, but something in the field, you know jump in when the police are out of their depth.”
Sherlock had needed a project to get him through the pain of planning John’s wedding, a distraction and this mysterious client seemed to fit the bill. What Sherlock hadn’t expected was to have so much fun, at the same time. It appeared that Ralph Fell had turned having fun into an art form, he was a bon viveur, a hedonist, the total opposite of Sherlock’s epitome of self-denial but somehow, in his curiosity to get to the bottom of the mystery surrounding the man, Sherlock had been swept along in his current, only to find that, with his bespoke suits and his Stradivarius, he was perhaps not quite as ascetic after all.
John went to the window and looked out on the empty street. It would be great to be back in the beating heart of the city with its noise and bustle and away from this quiet cul de sac of a life, where even at eight o’clock in the evening, not a creature was stirring.
“I’ve waited so long for this.”
“Thanks Mrs Hudson” Lestrade hesitated then added, “Would you mind if I brought someone?”
