They had been able to grab a spot outside fairly easily, thanks to the rush of finals keeping people either inside studying or already packing to leave for the summer. They enjoyed their food, chatting about everything and nothing before settling on speculating about how difficult their last shared final would be. Before he knew it, however, Patrick was asking for their check, apologizing for needing to leave, but not wanting to miss his next test. Cas wished him luck and he promised to text him later. As soon as he was gone, Cas gathered up his belongings and moved inside, snagging a small table wedged in the front corner of the shop.  After getting fully set up, he went back to the counter to grab a mug of coffee before buckling down and getting to work.
Cas grimaced and pulled his tingling fingers away from the vents, grabbing the seat belt and clacking it into place. He was confused. He was so very, very confused. With a deep sigh, Cas put the car into gear and made his way back to the road, heading towards town to drop off the borrowed vehicle. For the first time in a long time, although he knew his destination, he was driving without a clear idea of where he was going.
‘Well, Dean-o, I’m not sure you’re aware of this, but I happen to be a VERY interesting fellow,” Gabe said, pinning Dean with a raised eyebrow and cocky smirk lighting up his smug face. Dean flushed bright red as he realized he must have spoken out loud.
“Dean. M’Dean.” He supplied with a smile, awkwardly offering his hand in some weird parody of a hand shake. To his credit, Angel just reached out and took Dean’s hand, not quite shaking it, but not letting it go right away, either.
“Now THAT would be one hell of an evening…” Gabe muttered, and Dean found himself chuckling. As annoying as Gabe was, he had to admit it was still miles better than standing here drinking alone. So Dean bit the bullet and opened his mouth. “What brings you here?”
Dean had been away from home a little over a week and he was finally on the way home.  He sighed, his stomach churning. He couldn’t tell if he was hungry or sick or about to have a bleeding ulcer from the stress and worry he had felt since Cas dropped him off at the bus station a week ago. He eyed the bag of snacks he had gotten at the Gas N’ Sip just before he had gotten on the freeway, but decided against it. Food wasn’t what he needed right now, especially the overly-processed, underly-nutritious crap he always elected to buy. No. What he needed was to be home. He needed to be in Cas’ arms, melting into his body, smelling his sweet, honeyed breath as he pressed his lips into him. He needed to hear he was being crazy, Cas’ silence over the last week wasn’t indicative of something awful, his worrying was unfounded, that things hadn’t changed. He sighed.
Well shit. Apparently Dean was still not in full charge of the brain-to-mouth motor controls. He blinked at Charlie through thick, heavy lids for a moment before her words really registered.
A Dub-step remix of the Imperial March starts (Dean did NOT make any noise when that happened, he was just startled, okay?) and the men began to dance under the glowing lights- both had large fabric wings -one in a silvery white and one in glossy black. They twirled and spun and…. Dean swallows hard…*gyrate* in perfect unison as music built until suddenly the wings were just… gone. In their place both men were holding- holy crap are those lightsabers? Sure enough. One red, the other blue and Dean was not ashamed to admit his mouth dropped open at some point and he made no move to close it. The lightsabers create unbelievable patterns in the dim lighting as the men again stage an intricate “fight” routine as the music builds to its climax. The act finished with both men dropping straight backwards, legs folded beneath them and the stage again plunging into darkness.
"Yeah, sorry," Dean says, squeezing his eyes shut again like that might help. When he opens them, Cas is standing right next to him. He lets out a laugh that rattles its way out of his chest, shaky and unsure. Sam mumbles something about getting himself more coffee. Dean makes himself look at Cas. "I don't know, I--I thought you left."
“All I ever taste is molecules, I don’t think that will be a fruitful exercise,” Cas says, still looking distinctly disgruntled.
Dean’s not sure how it happens, exactly, but before he knows it he has a drawer filled with novelty socks and Cas has a rack full of ties to match them.
“Or, here.” Dean hands him another, this one navy with pink flamingos. He seems somewhat more amenable to that one. “Or at least get some paisley or florals or
She looks confused by the question. Her eyebrows rise incredulously and her lips curl in a sneer. “The kind with a mattress?”
Dean pulls himself together and decides to bite the bullet. “Don’t be stupid,” he says. “We can share the bed. It might just be a little crowded.”
Cas’s frown disappears and he lets out an exasperated huff of laughter. “I guess it is kind of funny.”
Dean lets out a broken laugh and tips his face forward so their foreheads rest together. “Fuck, I dunno, man. It’s happened before, hasn’t it?”
Cas takes Dean’s lead on the basics like jeans and t-shirts. Dean grabs a couple multi-packs of boxer briefs and socks, and picks out some henleys. He suggests a few flannels for Cas to try, but Cas rejects all of them in favour of colours that Dean would have called garish until Cas put them on. Even then he can’t tell if Cas is actually managing to make it work, or if Dean is just so hopelessly attracted to him that he’d think he looks good no matter what he’s wearing. He suspects it’s the latter. They buy the hideous flannels anyway.
He wants everything with Cas. His mind skitters to the bottle of lube he found in Cas’s bedside drawer and his dick twitches, making a wet spot where he’s leaking precum into the cotton of his sweats. He’s overwhelmed by the possibilities. He wants to drop to his knees and take Cas into his mouth. He wants to get his hand around Cas and drag his thumb over the sticky wet head of his dick. He wants to press his fingers into Cas, open him up slowly, see if he can get him off just from that. He wants Cas to open him up, push inside him, and fuck him until his legs turn to jelly, until they’re both blissed out and dopey in the aftermath of their orgasms.
. “Cas,” he pleads. The name bursts from him, almost a sob. He’s so turned on he can barely fucking see straight.
“But nothing, really. Seriously,” he says when he sees her look of skepticism. “There is not a single but. I’m just...I dunno, in my head about it I guess.”
He lets the unspoken implication hang between them. He can’t believe he just asked Cas to Netflix and chill.
Dean sighs. “Yeah, I know.” He laughs. “Thanks Donna. I think I just needed someone to kick my ass.”
“Sorry we cock blocked you.” She smiles, still lightly teasing, then stares at Dean for a moment. “You know you have to talk to him about this, right?”
And then they both let go at the same time, scrambling at each other’s clothes, unable to undress each other fast enough. Cas gets momentarily stuck in his t-shirt. Dean gets tangled in his jeans and has to stop trying to angle towards Cas in order to get himself out of them. But they manage, eventually, and then they’re both gloriously naked.
“Yeah.” He opens his eyes and tilts his face up to Cas, ready to continue where they left off and make out properly.
While Cas rummages for supplies, Dean sucks his fingers into his mouth, slicking them enough to start opening himself up. It’s been a long time since he’s done this—it’s been a long time since he’s had sex with
. He never wants to stop touching him. Dean feels like he’s going to shake apart, the tension in his belly coiling tighter and tighter.
Dean drops a featherlight kiss on each of his cheekbones, on the tip of his nose, the hinge of his jaw. He trails his fingers softly over Cas’s ribs, down to his waist where he rubs his thumbs along the vee that disappears beneath his sweats. Cas moans, hips bucking and causing Dean's thumbs to slip lower. His hands scrabble and clutch at Dean's waist, eventually shoving Dean's pants down his thighs. Dean kicks his way out of them and gives Cas the same treatment.
Even though Dean has told Cas to help himself to whatever he wants from Dean’s wardrobe, Cas tends to stick to his old trench coat get-up on the days when his grace is present and accounted for. Cas insists that he doesn’t mind—comfort is not an issue when he’s got his mojo—and Dean knows he’s not lying about that, but he still thinks it would be nice for Cas to have clothes of his own. It might let him figure out his own style for when he actually has to start wearing something fresh every day.
"He left?" Dean stands up, chair scraping loudly across the library floor. Panic flares hot and bright in the pit of his stomach. His heart trips into double time even as he tries to reason with himself that a trip to see Donatello is hardly cause for alarm.
“Here,” Dean says, coming in behind him. He reaches around Cas to close his hands over Cas’s on the rolling pin. Then he guides him over the pastry, stopping to turn the dough and keep it from sticking to the counter. This close, Dean can smell the dust of library books on him and also the lingering scent of laundry detergent because he’s wearing Dean’s clothes again.
“Of course,” Dean mutters. He tries not to let himself imagine sharing the bed with Cas. Maybe there’s an armchair or something in the room. A loveseat. Hell, maybe he can throw some towels in the bottom of the bathtub if it doesn’t look too scuzzy.
“Glosettes aren’t healthy, Dean,” Cas says, but his lips are twitching like he’s trying not to smile.
Cas climbs back onto the bed and watches him for a moment, seemingly awestruck at the picture Dean makes, sprawled open and exposed. Then he pops the lube and rubs some onto his own fingers. He leans over Dean, kisses him almost chastely, and whispers, “Let me.”
They continue to eat in silence—the only sounds come from the TV and from Cas slurping carefully at his noodles. By the time they work their way through most of the food (only the Glosettes and the licorice remain), they’re much closer together. Cas’s thigh is a long line of heat against Dean’s own and their shoulders are pressed together. It’s all Dean can focus on.
They’re wandering through the mall, bags in hand, eating the last bites of the soft pretzels that Dean claimed were a necessary part of the shopping mall experience, when Cas spots a small store selling ties. He makes a small noise of interest and then tugs at Dean’s shirt sleeve to get him to follow.
He’s so desperate not to fuck this up that he’s given himself a complex. So they’ve made out on the new couch in the Dean cave while watching old westerns and they trade kisses in the morning and they’ve even slept in the same bed on more than one occasion. But all they’ve done is sleep. Anytime Dean thinks he’s ready to push things further, to roll Cas over and grind into him in a way that leaves no room for interpretation, he gets inside his head and ends up slowing things down before they get to the good part.
“Dealing with the ebb and flow of my grace had been more difficult than I’d anticipated,” Cas says. “I didn’t mean to take it out on you. I know it must be hard for you, too.”
“Christ,” Dean mutters. He comes around the counter to pull Jody into a hug. “It’s good to see you.”
"Dean," he groans, head falling forward so his nose drags down Dean's throat and he's breathing hot and fast against his collarbone.
reads the card inside.) He and Cas open it together and find a pair of red socks patterned with little hamburgers and a tie to match. Of course, they make the mistake of opening it at one of the tables in the library, so Sam and Eileen wander in right when Dean is holding the tie up to Cas’s chest. They tease them mercilessly for it.
Dean wakes up slowly. They’ve shifted in their sleep. Cas is lying on his back and Dean is sprawled on top of him, leg hooked over Cas’s thigh. His morning wood is nudging at Cas’s hip. Cas is just blinking awake, so Dean kisses his neck and grinds against him. Cas flips them and Dean goes hot all over. It’s more of a turn on than Dean would’ve expected, being manhandled by Cas like that.
Beside Dean, Cas sighs and says grudgingly, “I made a full pot of coffee.” It’s as good an invitation as any, but he still adds, “And there’s lots of bacon if you don’t mind it burnt.”
Dean manages to sit through breakfast, and even succeeds in eating most of a piece of toast and drinking his coffee. Cas fidgets the entire time. Dean tries resting a hand on Cas’s knee at one point, but Cas shifts almost immediately, dislodging him. He tries to pass it off like he was simply turning towards Sam as they talk, but Dean can’t help the sinking feeling that it was intentional.
"Uh, yeah. He said he was going to talk to Donatello. See if we could get anything else out of the demon tablet."
“We were just making some food,” Dean says. His voice comes out remarkably even and it fortifies him a bit.
Cas doesn’t relent until he goes three days without so much as a whisper of grace and discovers that he can’t fit into Dean’s jeans. Dean wants Cas to have some options, so they drive up to Grand Island to hit up the mall. He figures they can make a day of it.
Eventually they fall back onto the bed, sweaty and sated, if a little too sticky, but they're both too sex-sleepy and lazy to do anything more than a cursory clean-up. Dean pulls Cas close, settling against him in a position that is rapidly becoming his favourite, with his face pressed against Cas's neck, one leg slung over him to settle between his thighs, and his fingers trailing gentle, tickling patterns into the skin of Cas's chest. Cas, for his part, buries his nose in Dean's hair and traces his fingers idly over Dean's hip.
Cas’s arm twitches like he’s about to reach for Dean, and, god, Dean wishes he would. But Cas just gives him a small nod and turns back to the books.
“I think so,” he says. His mind is racing now, sifting through memories or dreams for something he’s sure of. He shifts his shoulders again, searching for something—a twinge in the muscles, a pull of stitched up skin, any evidence of being stabbed by fucking rebar, because that has to leave a mark—but there’s nothing. He feels good as new aside from his nauseating hunger and the usual aches that come with being a middle-aged hunter.
Dean is terrified of making the wrong move, so he does nothing. He keeps leaning against the books until Jody, who must have been watching them, comes to break the strange tension.
“Cas, wait, wait,” he says. “Don’t wanna come yet.” Cas pulls off and looks at Dean. His hair is a mess. His lips are red and wet. He looks completely debauched. He’s so fucking gorgeous. Dean’s dick jumps against his belly. “There’s stuff in my bag,” he pants. “Lube, condoms.”
Cas, who seems to have miraculously maintained some composure, turns to the stove to pull the now burnt bacon from the heat.
Dean gives himself an ultimatum: either he and Cas have sex tonight, or he talks to Cas about why he’s been so squirrely over the whole thing. It’s win-win, he figures, because he’d really rather not have to talk about this, so that alone should be enough to motivate him into finally going for it.
“No,” Donna says. “I don’t think that sounds stupid at all.” She pauses. “Have you talked to Cas about this?”
“Well, it was really good to see you.” Dean pulls her into a hug. “Call me if you need any more poker tips.”
The thing is, Dean doesn’t have much experience with this. The guy thing, sure, that’s part of it. He’s hooked up with guys in the past, but it’s never gone beyond a quick and dirty hand job in a bathroom stall or a blow job in the back of the Impala on those occasions he was hunting alone. But it’s not just that. There have been exactly three people in Dean’s life with whom he even entertained the possibility of something long term. And one of those people is Cas.
Sam’s look of concern morphs into one of extreme incredulity. “What?” he says sharply. “No. Of course not. You were a little busy bleeding out.”
“Jody wanted to put a candle for every year, but I told her it would be a fire hazard,” Sam says, taking a seat on Dean’s other side.
Jody laughs. “I will. And you call me if you need anything.” She tilts her head and gives him a pointed look, eyes flickering briefly to Cas.
Dean surges forward, pressing Cas back against the bed, shifting so his erection lines up against where Cas is equally hard. He rolls his hips and Cas makes a broken sound, so Dean does it again. Cas gasps and looks at him with wide eyes, like he can’t believe this is happening. Dean can relate. He kisses him again, slower this time, and rocks against him in a gentler rhythm. Cas is having none of it. He opens his mouth wider, making the kiss wet and sloppy, and grabs at Dean’s ass, pulling him in harder.
. They stay like that, exchanging small, gentle kisses, Cas’s hand moving its way up Dean’s ribs, Dean pushing his fingers into Cas’s hair, until Dean remembers that he’s still more or less concussed and, oh yeah, still
Dean’s sure now that it’s not a dream. If it were a dream he’d be kissing Cas by now. Instead all he can do is stare as Cas tugs uncomfortably at the sleeves of his ridiculous trench coat.
Dean’s chest does something complicated. Because he is happy. Happier, probably, than he’s ever been in his life, than he even thought was possible. And he loves Cas so much that sometimes he thinks he loves him too much. And he’s terrified. Terrified that it’s been just a few weeks and he’s already fucking it up.
“It’s inconsistent, is all,” he says. “It goes in and out. A close approximation, I suppose, would be like trying to pick up a weak radio signal.”
Dean doesn’t know how she does it. Makes things easier to talk about. Lightens the mood in exactly the right way so that Dean doesn’t immediately shut down.
"Yeah." Dean regains some semblance of control and guides Cas towards the bed. Cas sits as soon as it hits the backs of his legs and Dean immediately drops to the floor in front of him. It's murder on his knees and he'll regret it in the morning, but right now he's looking up at Cas, who's pupils are blown wide and who's hair is mussed from Dean's fingers. He's so fucking beautiful Dean could cry. His thighs are warm and solid beneath Dean's hands and he can't help the way he's kneading at the muscles there, running his hands in fitful little strokes. He wants to figure out how to make Cas writhe. He wants to learn what will make him come apart at the seams.
Cas rolls his eyes, but he bends to remove his shoes, dropping them unceremoniously to the floor before shrugging out of both his trenchcoat and suit jacket. And then he’s there in just his shirt, tie loose around his neck, pants tugging tightly across his thighs. Dean’s eyes make their way across his body and land on his face.
He swallows Cas down as far as he can manage. It’s not as far as he’d like. He’s out of practice. He pulls back a bit and Cas’s hips twitch forward involuntarily. Dean plants his hands on Cas’s hips to hold him down and Cas strokes his hands over the back of Dean’s head. Then he breathes deeply and relaxes his throat, taking Cas down again and swallowing when he hits the back of his throat. Cas lets out a broken shout. Dean presses his thumbs into Cas’s hipbones to keep him from surging forward. He’s proud of himself when he pulls back and only coughs a little.
Dean raises his eyebrows and huffs out a laugh. “Well, I guess that means it’s time to scare up some grub. I don’t think this place has a diner, so I think we’re stuck with whatever the vending machine has on offer. Any requests?”
Cas makes a shocked little noise and his hand grabs at Dean’s hip. This time they’re not interrupted by any clawing pain or nausea and it’s so good. It’s
“Okay, hold up.” Dean lays a hand on Cas’s wrist to stop him and reaches for the fork, which Cas relinquishes immediately.
When Cas gets around to trying on dress pants and some nicer button-down shirts, Dean stares at him for a solid minute when he comes out of the dressing room. Cas has to gesture at himself and ask, “What do you think?” before Dean can collect himself enough to clear his throat and say, “Good. Really good. You look good.” Cas raises his eyebrows and flushes a bit, but looks very smug when he comes back out after changing.
Then Cas starts kissing down his chest, just like the doctor on TV. Dean writhes under him. Cas swallows Dean’s dick without an ounce of hesitation and Dean doesn’t have a chance to wonder where he’s learned how to do this because then Cas is pushing his finger against Dean’s hole again. Dean feels everything tightening and his fingers scrabble at Cas’s hair. He doesn’t want this to be over yet.
The next morning, Dean finds Sam in the library, hunched over an ancient tome, the cup of coffee at his elbow gone cold. He looks terrible and Dean wonders if he slept at all. His hair is hanging lank around his face and the bags under his eyes have taken on a purple tinge. The air of defeat clinging to him is so thick that for a moment Dean thinks he could almost brush it away like cobwebs. It doesn't even look like he's reading the book he has open in front of him. Dean wants to tell him to give it a rest--they should at least get a day to regroup--but he knows Sam won't listen. Knows Sam would rather at least pretend to be working, even though he looks more like a reanimated corpse right now than a person.
He feels better when he hangs up. He’s being ridiculous about this whole thing. He just needs to talk to Cas. Or get over himself. This isn’t a big deal. He doesn’t know why he’s so in his head about it. It’s just sex. Something he’s done plenty of times. It shouldn’t be this hard. It
Dean’s heart squeezes in his chest. Dreaming about dying ain’t exactly pleasant, but he’d almost trade for it if it meant Cas was alive, existing somewhere in the universe that wasn’t an empty void. A wave of nausea sweeps over Dean, turning his stomach and sending a cold sweat over his skin. He’d blame it on whatever landed him in this hospital bed, if it weren’t for the memory forcing its way to the surface: Cas, standing before him, telling him that he...
Too soon Cas pulls his fingers from Dean's mouth and Dean moans at their loss, but then Cas drags them, saliva slick, over Dean's nipple and Dean's breath hitches as a fresh jolts of arousal rushes through his entire body.
Dean misses what Sam says next, distracted by Cas answering the phone in the room. Cas frowns as he talks to whoever’s on the other end.
Dean frowns and takes another bite. Now that he has a bit of food in his stomach, the events of the past couple days—week?—start to properly sink in and he has more questions. Like, “How did we get out of that one?”
"You give yourself too little credit," Cas says. "I know you said you can't control your anger when things get bad, and I'm not saying that isn't true, or that it isn't a problem, but you bore the Mark remarkably well considering all the anger that you were already harbouring."
It sounds so horrifically needy that Dean wishes he could take the words back almost as soon as they leave his throat, except that then Cas' expression is softening into one of understanding.
Cas is dressed in a pair of Dean’s sweats and one of his old t-shirts because while he’d finally coaxed Cas out of his regular suit and trenchcoat get-up, they still haven’t gotten around to getting him clothes of his own. It does things to Dean to see Cas wearing his clothes, causes something warm and electric to unfurl in his belly. And then Cas reaches for some books on the top shelf, pulling his shirt up enough to reveal a strip of skin above the sweatpants that are hanging almost scandalously low on his hips (and hugging Cas more closely than they do Dean, leaving very little to the imagination).
With that small accomplishment under his belt, Dean makes his way to the kitchen in a quest for coffee. He’s hit with the smell of French toast as soon as he enters, which is frankly too much in his current state, but he pushes through. Jody looks even rougher than Dean feels, which he thinks should probably be impossible. She’s clutching a mug of steaming coffee like it might cure her hangover through osmosis. A plate of dry, untouched toast sits at her elbow.
Cas turns back to him with a startled expression and Dean is momentarily distracted by the way his eyes flick to Dean’s mouth.
“Donna, probably,” Dean says. His face hurts from smiling so much and he has to wipe his eyes where they’ve started to water with laughter.
“It looked like it would be simple,” Cas says, and Dean has a sudden vision of Cas searching cooking videos on YouTube.
"So it would seem," Cas replies. He's looking at his hands, clasped together on the table. Dean would offer him his own glass of whiskey, but he knows Cas won't take it.
Cas takes his time stretching Dean, hitting his prostate just enough to keep him on edge. Dean can feel it
On screen, the two doctors, whose names he can’t remember just now, have fumbled their way onto a stripped down bed in an empty hospital room. The male doctor pushes up the female doctor’s scrubs and starts kissing his way down her body, starting between her breasts and stopping to dip his tongue into her belly button. It’s all very tastefully shot with careful angles that don’t reveal too much for network television, but it’s hot and heavy nonetheless.
"Well, I'm gonna hit the hay," he says, standing. His knees pop and his shoulder cracks when he rolls it. "Goodnight." He claps a hand on Cas' shoulder, right at the juncture of his neck and squeezes, resists the urge to linger, to rub his thumb over the knobs of his spine and push his fingers into the hair at the base of his skull where it's soft and slightly curled. He does let his hand drag across Cas' back though, not breaking contact until the last possible moment as he walks away.
He brings his hand to Dean’s wrist and turns his head so he can kiss Dean’s palm. Dean is hyper-aware that Jody is watching them, but he still tilts his head up to kiss Cas on the mouth when he leans in.
Dean finally remembers himself and teases his fingers over Cas's dick before taking hold of him properly. Cas grunts and his rhythm stutters. Dean lifts his head from Cas’s shoulder and kisses up his throat, scrapes his teeth lightly over his Adam's apple.
Dean clenches his teeth and swallows against the rush of saliva in his mouth. He’d really rather not puke. He shuts his eyes until he stops seeing red spots and takes a slow, steadying breath. In for four, out for four. Like Sam taught him. It helps.
Cas pulls back, looking sheepish with a wonderful pink tinge on his cheeks. Dean smiles until his face hurts and then keeps smiling, every inch the cat that caught the canary. Everyday there’s a moment like this, when he looks at Cas and the reality of it truly settles over him. And every time his chest feels fit to burst. Because he gets to have this. Somehow, against all odds, this is his life now. He’s probably entitled, having saved the world two or three or seven times, but he never thought it would happen. Not really. He always figured he’d die bloody. And maybe he still will, but he’ll have gotten to have this first. He gets to wake up in the morning to Cas, warm and rumpled in his bed. He gets to hold his hand when they go for walks. Gets to steal kisses whenever he wants. He gets to build a life with him. And that knowledge, when it hits him like it does now, staggers him every single time.
“You’re going with those?” he asks, gesturing at the two ties Cas is holding. One is maroon with navy blue stripes and the other is a dark blue nearly identical to the one he already owns.
Cas’s familiar rumble cracks Dean open. He’s going to start crying in a second, he can feel it in his throat and the backs of his eyes. Cas is holding himself awkwardly. He’s still standing at the top of the stairs and his eyes keep darting away from Dean’s face and then back again as he shifts uneasily, making no move to come down.
Cas gives him a long look, like he wants to be sure he’s reading the invitation correctly. Dean raises his eyebrows. He was going for a suggestive waggle, but his nerves have once again gotten the best of him so it falls short. His palm is growing sweaty where it’s pressed against Cas’s.
Jody wraps her arms around Dean and squeezes, swaying a bit into the hug in a way that makes Dean want to keep hanging on. Jody gives great hugs.
He brings his free hand up to the back of Cas’s neck, guiding his head to a better angle, and licks into Cas’s mouth. Cas opens to him with a groan and Dean is already hard, straining against the front of his jeans. Cas tugs at Dean’s shirt, gets his hand underneath it, over the skin of his ribs.
Sam and Eileen let them keep going until one of Cas’s hands slides up Dean’s thigh, at which point Sam clears his throat and says, “Okay, keep it PG.”
“I can sleep on the floor,” Cas offers, even though Dean had already offered to take the cot before they found out there wasn’t one.
Turns out he’s not in a hospital, per se, but the infirmary in the bunker. Dean pushes himself up on his elbows, dragging his protesting muscles into as much of an upright position as he can manage. No one else is in the room.
Dean nods again. It's enough, for tonight. They're both exhausted and overwhelmed. Dean needs to sleep for about fifty years.
He feels Cas’s body stiffen with concern, followed by the familiar tingle of grace working its way over his scalp. It feels different, though. Not as sharply cold as it normally does. Before he has a chance to ask him about it, Cas is pulling back and looking at him closely, hands on either side of his face, tugging gently at his eyelids to get a better look at his pupils.
The original plan had been a New Year’s Eve party at the bunker, but Donna had caught a vamp case that required backup, so Jody and Claire had gone as reinforcements. They tried to push it by a week, but apparently all the monsters had made it their new year’s resolution to cause as much havoc as possible and they’d barely had a break since New Year’s Eve. Finally Jody insisted that no matter what came down the pipe, she was hosting a dinner the second to last weekend of January. The only reason Dean and Cas had taken this last case was because they knew they’d be able to tie it up quickly. And they had. They just hadn’t planned for a snowstorm.
Sam shakes his head and drags a hand over his face. "Nothing." He sounds, if possible, even more exhausted than he looks.
And then Cas kisses him. Dean makes an embarrassing noise that he’ll never admit was a whimper, and opens his mouth to deepen the kiss. He’s addicted to this. The slide of their tongues and the rasp of Cas’s stubble. Dean has known for years that Cas would ruin him for anyone else—that he already had, really, before Dean even thought this was something he could have—but that knowledge hadn’t prepared him for the way kissing Cas would thrill him every single time. He doesn’t think he’ll ever get used to it. Doesn’t think he’ll ever get over the sheer wonder of getting to have Cas like this.
“Stay?” Dean asks, before he can think better of it. His face flushes anyway, and he keeps his face tilted away from Cas, terrified to see what his reaction might be to such a needy request.
They spend the morning and part of the afternoon in the library. Dean lets Cas take charge and follows the system he and Sam set up. Just after lunch, Sam calls to tell them they’ve wrapped up the banshee problem and that Jody is going to swing by for dinner and stay the night. Dean decides that this calls for a proper meal, so he leaves Cas to continue in the library while he makes a grocery and beer run.
Dean finally lets go of Cas’s hand so he can tear into his presents. Every single one of them is perfect. Sam and Eileen got him a set of cast iron skillets. “So you’ll stop bitching about the ones at the bunker,” Sam says. Jody, Donna, and Alex went in together on new shirts. “Something not flannel,” Jody says. “For nights out,” Donna adds, winking at Cas. Dean only blushes a little. Mom got him a set of Japanese kitchen knives, “I thought you might need some good knives that weren’t for hunting,” and Jack got him a tackle box filled with new fishing lures. “For the next time we go fishing,” he says with a huge smile. Dean isn’t altogether sure he’s going to make it through this without crying. Luckily Claire and Kaia give him their gift next—two DVDs,
Dean dusts some more flour on the counter and rubs the excess over the rolling pin. Then he shifts aside and hands the rolling pin to Cas. Cas takes it, but then stares at the pastry, at a loss for how to proceed.
"Dean, are you okay?" Cas asks, deciding to notice Dean going to pieces now that he's pulling himself together.
“Oh, leave them alone,” Eileen says, signing at the same time and then giving Sam a light smack on the arm.
“Figure out what? How to live without you? I thought you were dead! I thought you were gone. For—” Dean shakes his head, his breath hitching. “For good this time. And you wait until now to show up?”
It doesn’t stop Sam from blushing and shifting uncomfortably in his chair. But the look he gives Eileen is also what one might call ‘heated’, so Dean figures he can’t be too bothered.
Dean reaches for his own noodles, just to give himself something to do. He tries to focus on the TV, but it’s a commercial break so all he has to look at is an obnoxious used car salesman.
Cas had been one of the last to complete his test, the last essay proving to be the biggest struggle for Cas. It was with a sigh of utter relief that he had finally turned it in and slunk his way out onto the quad, relief short-lived as he was immediately inundated with dread over the next final he needed to cram for. He had hiked his bag higher on his shoulder and started off towards his apartment, intent on ignoring the rest of the world in favor of studying, when a familiar voice calling his name caught his attention.
Numb, shivering slightly, Cas stared out of the windshield, watching the falling rain twisting the shapes of the trees visible in the weak beams of the headlights. He should check his phone. He knew Dean had sent him a text, he had told him he would when Cas had dropped him off, promising to let him know as soon as the bus arrived in Rail Pass. Dean always kept his word, and he deserves a reply.
I have been typing this tonight with a cat across my arms most of the time. Typos are my own, but I will try to go through asap to fix/correct them. This may be a bit rambling, I will edit that, too. I’ve just been wanting to post this for so long and I can’t wait any more!
He turned, grinning at his friend as he pushed himself up from the nearby steps he had been resting on.
He closed his eyes, feeling the angry wind grit against his face, reaching it's relentless fingers down the collar of his jacket to his chest. His dark hair was already hopelessly tousled, and he did nothing to stop it from whipping down onto his forehead. He focused his hearing, trying to follow the path of the rain as it swooped and swirled around him. He sat, immobile, tracking the wind as it began to howl in earnest. He pictured the fingers of the storm, beckoning the restless leaves, bending them towards the ground by the hundreds, the weight of all their shifted movement forcing the tree to sway and dance to the growing cacophony made by the swarming leaves.
Dean’s eyes trailed after him until he lost track of where he had gone, but then he found himself just staring at the spot where he had last been. He lost track of how long he was standing there, and it wasn’t until a woman bumped into him that he snapped out of his daze. With a sigh he turned and started making his way to the lobby again, only to be met with Charlie’s large, wide, excited hazel eyes.
Dean jumped out of the driver side door with a sheepish grin on his face, wiping his hand across his mouth and straightening the green Henley he was wearing as if to hide any evidence of what had been going on. Charlie raised her eyebrow at him, a slight smirk adorning her features. “Uh, hey there your Highness.”
He forced his knuckles into his eyes, pressing until flashes broke out into the blackness behind his lids.
Dean was trying to figure out the logistics of sneaking his phone out of his pocket to snap a pic of Charlie (for later blackmailing purposes) when a sudden deep chord of music pulsed through the theater. It was followed by a chorus of voices that seemed to come from every where.
“Look Charlie, I’m sorry. I don’t mean any disrespect, okay? You know I don’t have anything against anyone. It’s just, it’s a Wednesday and I have stuff to do… But I’m flattered you need me to go with you…”
“They went on ahead to grab a table. We lost sight of you so I volunteered to stay and find where you’d disappeared to. Are you ready to go?” Charlie’s face was bright and open, and Dean knew Charlie loved him and only wanted the best for him.
As soon as they got inside the door to Brittney’s apartment, Dean crowds into her space. She responds to his kiss, but Dean can’t shake the feeling that he’s noticeably less enthusiastic than at the beginning of the evening. He keeps kissing her, determined to have *some* part of his evening go the way he planned. Dean Winchester is nothing, if not determined.  He leans into her, bringing his hands up to her hips and caressing them softly. A soft sigh escapes her lips as she pushes her body against his. She is soft, and warm, and normally Dean would be leading them to the bedroom right about now, but so far little Dean doesn’t seem too keen to get on board. Ah well, no matter. He just needs a bit more time to catch up. Brittney breaks the kiss and backs up a step, an unidentified expression flashing in her eyes. She glances down at the floor, her hands flexing on Dean’s shoulders.
“Dean! I was wondering where you’d gone off to. Are you okay??” She exclaimed, clutching his arm and all but pulling him down to her level.
There, against the far wall, sits a man in a worn flannel with broad shoulders and sandy blonde hair.
to distract his mind; from the sluggish traffic; the oppressive, suffocating feel of the heavy grey clouds; the cold, impersonal rain; and especially the gut-twisting thought that somehow,
“Well, I was hoping to keep spending time with this great girl I know…” He gave her a little squeeze.
“I mean, I like a good show as much as the next guy, but ‘cmon Charles. Isn’t it… I don’t know, kinda…”  Dean let the sentence die in his mouth. The silence that met him on the other end of the line was telling. He didn’t mean to be an asshole, really he didn’t. But he had a reputation to protect here for crying out loud! Look, he had nothing against the LGBTQIA community. He never had. Being gay was awesome and yay you and he happily supports anyone in any of their preferred pronouns and relationships- it didn’t matter to Dean. But like, HE wasn’t gay. Dean prided himself on being the all-American typical male. There were few things he loved more than a cold brew, a juicy burger and a pretty girl. I mean, it was true that he had a...well, his brother calls it a “man-crush” on Dr. Sexy, but he was just a talented actor, alright? And there *was* his slight fascination with anything Harrison Ford was in (he may or may not have a well-worn dvd copy of Sabrina squirreled away under his bed where no one knew it existed.) And fine, there was *also* his thing with Swayze, but Swazye always gets a pass, right? But going to an all-male burlesque show...he just didn’t want folks to get the wrong idea, alright?
Cas hadn’t ever been with anyone beside Dean, had never even entertained the thought of being attracted to anyone else before. Aside from a
The next 15 minutes were some of the longest and most effortlessly awkward that Dean could remember suffering through in a long time. Gabriel kept a steady stream of conversation going between himself, Charlie and Brittney, and while Dean made some weak attempts at interjecting he somehow had nothing to add to any of the topics rolling by. More than once he caught the sympathetic look Charlie was giving him after he had tried to make a joke on the heels of something Gabe said that had Brittney, once again, giggling like it was the funniest thing she had heard all evening. If Dean had less self confidence in himself he might have been worried about just how well Brittney and Gabe seemed to be getting along. He resigned himself to sipping his beer and staring blankly at the darkened stage area in front of him, keeping half an ear on the chatter going on without him.
“Wha..? Yeah. Yeah, Imbe fine.” Dean managed to get past his lips, which had most unhelpfully decided to become numb. He couldn’t tear his eyes away from Angel’s gaze. He licked his lips and tried again. “Mine frien...my friends are right there. We’re going to go get pie. You… you should come get pie!” This was a GREAT idea! Angel would come get pie and then Dean can get to know about his tattoos! “You should come get pie with the diner on the road. Down. Down the road. The diner is a spoon. But the spoon has pie!” Dean was doing awesome. All he could see was the smile on Angel’s face and this was clearly his best idea yet. Angel would come get pie and Dean would get pie with Angel.
Dean gasped. He couldn’t help it. That voice. It was deep, a low rumbling that just happened to be right next to his damned ear. Warm breath ghosted across his neck, goosebumps racing across his scalp and down his arms. The timbre of those words had somehow gained an all-access pass straight to his groin, his cock immediately starting to perk up and thicken without his consent. The shock of realization that he was getting turned on was enough that Dean’s arms finally began working and he found himself weakly grappling at the arms across his chest. His fingers finally gained purchase, but the strong arms responded by pulling him even tighter against the firm body and Dean absolutely did NOT press back into it. And he absolutely did NOT groan.
Dean rolled his eyes at the stern tone eking in under her obvious attempt to lighten the mood. Thing was, Charlie was spot on. He hadn’t showered, done laundry, ate food that wasn’t take away or even so much as changed out of the sweatpants and ratty Pink Floyd t-shirt he had been wearing since Friday morning when Sammy rode off with Jess to fly back to California. He was caught red-handed, and he knew once Charlie had an idea in her head she would pester him until he went along with her anyway. Might as well save her some of the effort, since they both knew how this was going to end.
“Gonna go hit the refreshments. Anyone need anything?” Both Gabe and Brittney shake their heads and turn back to each other, apparently picking up a conversation right where it was left off before Dean interrupted them. He bit back a sigh with a touch of irritation, stepping around Brittney’s chair and starting to make his way to the lobby area.
“Wait-pie? I LOVE pie. I wan’ pie. Screw cookies, le’s get pie!” Dean slurred slightly, stumbling away from his chair towards the archway that led to the lobby. Why did his feet feel so heavy? He usually could hold his liquor quite well, it was a point of pride for him (and Dean doesn’t want to even think what that says about him that is ability to drink is a bragging right.) Of course, he remembers blearily, he hadn’t had anything to eat all day. Well, really in day(s)- plural- thanks to Sam’s departure and his resulting lack of energy enough to do much of anything. A rookie mistake Dean usually avoids. Ah well. Too late now, he supposes, taking careful, measured steps all the way to the lobby, resolutely ignoring his repeated issues with keeping his balance. He was sober, damnit, it was just the lighting making things appear weird. And Dean would swear there is something up with the floor, they should have someone come and look at it. It’s clearly a hazard. Dean peers downwards, watching the warped floor somehow shift away right as his foot was about to make contact and somehow...missed. He suddenly became aware that he was quickly on his way to a one-way trip to his face meeting the floor.
He wanted to swing the Impala onto the shoulder of the two-lane and stomp the pedal, leaving all these overly-cautious douche-bags in her wake. He just wanted to get home.
“An all-male burlesque show! You know, burlesque? Dancing, stripping, pasties, athletic prowess, awesome costumes… all things I happen to know you like, Dean.”
Stubble drags lightly across his thighs as he squeezes them together, and the foreign sensation almost hurtles him face first into his orgasm. Dean is helpless against the onslaught of pleasure, his body responding to the physical sensations with more intensity than he can remember in his entire life. He gasps and bucks, pushing his cock impossibly deeper but instead of choking and pulling away, Dean is shocked breathless as a deep hum vibrates his entire shaft.
Chapter summary: Dean spends his final night in Rail Pass in the old Winchester homestead. He awakes before dawn and is struck with a small panic attack caused by memories and stress. While driving home he pulls off the road and has an anxiety attack which results in phantom pains in scar tissue across his abdomen which he sustained in a fire.
He raised his eyes to see the barista staring at him, holding out his now-piping hot cup of coffee with a terse, worried expression on her face. He flushed a deep red, embarrassed at his near outburst, and silently berated himself for being so easily distracted. He accepted the mug and smiled apologetically, mentally vowing to throw another few bucks in the tip jar for having to put up with him.
20 minutes and one lame excuse about working early the next day, and Dean was finally dragging himself in his own door. Wearily he kicks off his boots and drops his jacket next to the door, flicking the lock with his thumb and hanging the keys back on their hook. He stopped briefly to empty his bladder, then immediately drank a glass of water with a couple of painkillers to help stave off the impending hangover just beginning to settle into his bones. He pads into his bedroom, flops down and barely even makes it under the covers before his exhausted brain just shuts down.
Cas stayed huddled in the corner booth for the rest of the afternoon, slowly coming down from the rush of adrenaline the Not-Dean sighting has caused him. He occasionally responds to the texts Patrick sent him, but he carefully chooses not to share what happened earlier. He is just as careful to ignore the messages Dean has been sending him, pushing aside his feelings of guilt, telling himself that he’s too busy studying as he skips past the green message circle next to his boyfriend's name. Dean will readily accept that he was busy studying and won’t think to question him on it. Cas has no reason to lie to him, after all. He doesn’t take any more time to examine it, instead favoring texting back funny quips to Patrick before putting his phone back on the table and finally settling back into his studying.
The curtains were pulled back only about 10 minutes later, which was approximately the amount of time it took Dean to work his way through the crowd to the concessions counter again and away from the mountain of embarrassment he had created sticking his foot into his mouth trying to talk to Gabe.  Dean caught Charlie’s inquisitive look while he was standing in line and motioned for them to go ahead and find seats. He needed the time to calm himself, get out of his head. Why the hell was he so shaken anyway? He was here, at a theater packed with people all waiting to see the same show he was. He had his best friend and a hot girl to accompany him, and yet he couldn't shake the feeling of people giving him assessing looks. Wondering why he was here. Judging him. He grabbed the can of beer with a curt nod of his head and began making his way over to the entrance, wondering how hard it would be to find the girls and if they had gotten good seats.
They hadn’t bothered him in years, since he and Cas left Rail Pass behind. The pain flared again like a knife, cutting across his side and causing him to punch his fist against it, trying to staub the pain. Gasping and choking, swallowing against the bile rising in his throat, Dean clawed at his mind, forcing himself to control his breathing.
“Smooth, but I’m fairly certain we’re long past pretending I didn’t see anything.” Charlie admonished. Nothing like making her bestie sweat a little bit. Speaking of making him sweat… “Making your Queen sit in the back of the royal carriage, I see? She said in the most disapproving tone she could muster which, admittedly, wasn’t very disapproving, narrowing her eyes at him.
A few miles off the highway, Dean spied a small gas station. He carefully maneuvered Baby underneath a sagging metal roof, barely big enough to cover the slab of pavement the pumps were resting on. Gratefully he pushed open the door and stood. Almost immediately he was overcome with a wave of intense vertigo, catching his hand on the smooth hood of the car to steady himself, stomach churning. He pressed his eyes closed and sucked a deep breath of damp ozone. The smell was fresh, it should be grounding.
when the blonde suddenly leaned over the table towards the man. He shifted in his chair and angled his face. Cas can clearly see the outline of his profile.
“Can you stand up?” The voice pours over gravel and directly through Dean’s brain on its way to his spine, where it fans the flames dancing across his skin until the tingling is almost all he is aware of. Dean is pretty sure he managed to nod his head affirmatively, although he just couldn’t be 100% sure, seeing as how the room was still insisting on being more wavy than any room had a right to be.
“F...fu...fuuuck…” Dean manages to stutter in a choking gasp, desperately drawing in breath, tears gathering in his eyes, still clasped tightly against the dim light. His mind is reeling, body positively on fire. The wide hands gently squeeze his thighs, coaxing him to relax. Dean fights his instinct to curl into the incredible sensations racking his body and forces his legs to relax slightly, dropping away and butterflying back towards the bed. A low chuckle and additional encouraging pressure helps ease his legs slightly more, and it’s a good thing the hands are holding him down because the next thing Dean knows is he is being electrocuted from his dick straight to his soul as the throat encasing his cock suddenly swallows repeatedly around him.
To Dean's horror Gabe gave his ass another little squeeze before letting his hand drop back down to the large sugar-laden soda he was cradling.
Roughly an hour into the show, Dean found himself applauding with the crowd as the man wheeled his mobile stripper pole off the stage, and really… Dean didn’t even know you could GET a mobile pole. He may have to look in to that. It would be fun to put it smack dab in his living room. He could almost see the look on Sammy’s face next time he and Jess visited. Dean found himself chucking lightly, so busy picturing the bitchface Sam would throw that he almost forgot where he was.
He has his back towards the counter where Cas is standing, frozen to the spot. Kitty-corner to him at the table is a pretty blonde girl, laughing, bright blush painting her cheeks, her blue eyes sparkling merrily. The noise of the cafe falls silent, the only sound the sudden rushing of his blood pounding in his ears as Cas is overcome with a hollow, gutted feeling.
.’  Astonishing, really. Every damned time it so much as misted in this place people suddenly drove as though the cars were manned by every little-old blue-haired gramma on their way home from church on a lazy Sunday over an ice rink slathered in pudding. It was fucking ridiculous, inching forward in two tons of glossy black steel when he could
While he waited for the barista to return with his mug, he cast his eyes around the shop. His gaze swept the spattering of people idly until suddenly his breath caught in this throat.
Crossing behind the car he felt the world threaten to sway again, and quickly braced his hand on the trunk, jamming his eyes closed and breathing through his mouth in forced gasps. The ground swayed under his feet but this time, in addition to the roiling surge of his stomach he felt a burning flare across his side.
“You make good points,” he conceded, trying to keep a straight face, though he’s fairly certain the smile is still evident in his voice.”I suppose a quick lunch would be...acceptable.” He blinked owlishly at Patrick, reveling in the obvious joy in his friends eyes.
He drew in a deep breath, chin tilting slightly, focusing, seeking calm within the chaos of the approaching storm.
At least, that’s what he told himself as he peered through the dreary rain, searching for an exit sign. It took another 20 minutes of creeping along before he got his wish. Exhaling in relief, Dean eased Baby on to the shoulder. Eyeing the traffic carefully, he gently pressed on the gas pedal. With a quiet, almost happy purr, the car eased onto the shoulder.
All to soon the music suddenly halted, and in the accompanying silence the stage was plunged into deep twilight blue. The men both quickly shed the robes and their staffs and took positions across from each other.
“Nah. And *since* I am such a gracious Queen, I will even allow you to purchase my seat for me this evening.” She raised her eyebrow in a challenging manner, daring him to say anything to the contrary.
Except the way Dean’s whole body responded to the strength and heat enveloping him, pressing into his every sense, his very soul lit aflame and startlingly aware of every inch of skin that was touching him...except…
Cas chuffed, “I don’t know what college *you’re* attending, but I still have to study to make sure I don’t have to repeat all my classes next semester.”
Blowing a hot burst of air through his teeth Dean caught himself just before he slammed his palm against the horn. Instead he clenched his jaw and forced his hands to remain where they were on the steering wheel, watching through slitted eyes as the gunmetal grey sport car swerved within inches of the front of his car, forcing its way into a space that was barely big enough to breathe between the vehicles. “Bitch,” he mumbled, irritated, breaking the tense, brooding silence that had been increasingly enveloping him for the last hour and a half. Exasperated, Dean glanced down at the glowing digital numbers on his cell and this time he was unsuccessful at suppressing the curse that punched out of his chest. 2:42pm.
“Gabriel?!” Dean bit out in shock. What was his little brothers best friend doing at a gay burlesque show in the middle of the week???
He heaved a deep sigh of resignation and fumbled in his jacket for his cigarettes. Stubbing the pack against his palm, he popped the smoke into his mouth while simultaneously reaching to push the cigarette lighter into the dash. His thumbs drummed against the steering wheel as he impatiently waited for the familiar “snap” noise the charger made when the coils were hot, playing a disjointed rhythm that perfectly accompanied the frenzied electricity rolling through his veins. He was going to be late. The thought chewed and bit at him. Dammit. The longer he had to sit here and stew, the more his brain screamed at him that he needed to get back to Cas. Something was wrong.
Fortunately when he was about halfway across the room he could see Brittney’s white-blonde hair catching the lights at a table near the front of the audience and he heaved a grateful sigh. She really was an attractive girl. Curvy in all the best ways, hair a cute short bob that showed off her heart shaped face and huge hazel eyes and pouty lips...she was a hell of a kisser, too. Dean was very much looking forward to the show being over already, couldn’t wait to try to talk Brittney into a night cap and maybe, if he played his cards right, breakfast the next morning.
“Can’t study on an empty tank, though, can yeh?” Patrick says, a teasing lilt emphasising his accent. Cas looked up, catching the affection in Patricks eyes, warm and shining in the mid-May light. He felt a pull in his gut and swallowed, quickly looking back down at the path. He didn't respond.
The first chords of the familiar music struck and Dean felt a smile split his face. He would recognize the opening music from Star Wars anywhere, even this version which seemed to be some sort of techno remix. As the music began to gain momentum, a pair of men walked on from opposite sides of the stage, both holding what look to be wooden dowels, roughly the same height as the men. One was clad in some sort of white robes, the other black, and both had their heads covered by the hoods on their robes. Almost immediately they began swinging the sticks in a well choreographed fight, perfectly executing a mesmerizing and complicated pattern, nearly striking each other but somehow always just a tiny bit apart.
Warm, wet lips engulf the head of his cock, eliciting a deep grumbling moan from his lips. Dean squeezed his eyes shut tighter as the soft heat slid down his shaft, then back up again, shocking sensations throughout his body, the tingling making his toes curl. Strong hands rub up his naked thighs, their hot, calloused skin leaving trails of fire where they swept across Dean’s body. The mouth pulls back slightly, twisting the tongue around the shaft as it drags up towards his tip, and Dean’s legs twitch involuntarily, squeezing against broad shoulders. Another moan is ripped from him as the mouth drops down again, taking him down to the root, pushing his length into the depths of the throat.
Dean briefly wonders if he should take a closer look at why he cares about this performer in particular, but before he can even begin chiding himself the music once again bursts through the silence. The lights come back up to full and this time...oh this time. The man is now standing next to large swathes of fabric hanging down from the ceiling. The fabrics are a deep indigo color, and Dean watches, enraptured, as the man begins dancing and moving his body around and through the fabrics. Dean’s eyes trace the muscles in his upper torso as they flex and stretch, showing off his incredible strength and Dean gasps as the man lifts himself off the ground, climbing the fabric as though it were a ladder. He gets a few feet off the ground and begins maneuvering himself, twisting the fabric around his lithe body and Dean finds himself shifting in his seat, leaning closer to the stage. The man bows his upper torso outwards from the fabric, his arms stretched out above and behind him, fists clenching the fabric tightly. He seems to be almost floating, the fabric billowing out behind him like… like… Holy shit. Like wings.
If he was honest, it all captivated him, as it had done since the first moment he had stumbled across it on a hike with Anna, one of the few times she’d been able to visit. He came here often. At first it was out of awe for the beauty of it, but tonight... it was for escape.
loved Dean, why was he hiding? Why hadn’t he answered his calls. Returned his texts? Why was he forcing himself to stay busy while Dean was away? So he wouldn’t miss him?
“Oh really?” She replied, nudging her shoulder into his side. “I suppose she could find some time for you.” She glanced up at him, coyly biting her bottom lip. Dean recognized the invitation for what it was and he stopped them walking, cupping her cheek and leaning in to press his lips against hers. She sighed happily and leaned into him, opening her mouth slightly and gently pressing her tongue against his lips. He welcomed her into his mouth, deepening the kiss. She tasted sweet like the gum she had been chewing, and it was...nice. Dean ended the kiss and stood a moment, brushing her hair away from her forehead.
“Was beginning to wonder if you’d been kidnapped and forced to repeat the class.” Patrick said, his lilting voice tinged with amusement.
Deep, denim blue eyes were observing Dean’s flushed face under a mop of raven black hair. His perfect jaw and perfect nose and perfect lips were just… they were right fucking there. Dean’s gaze dropped to the man’s strong arms, his broad shoulders and chest, his stomach with the tattoos, the perfect V of his hips showing just above the black skin tight pants he was wearing that perfectly showed off a bulge that made Dean’s mouth go dry. With a jolt Dean sobered up enough to realize he had just been saved, like a damsel in distress, by one of the male burlesque dancers (the hot one, his mind supplied most unhelpfully) who was standing a mere foot away, staring at Dean waiting for a thank you while Dean was positively frozen STARING AT HIS CROTCH.
“So...” Dean softly parrots back, taking a step towards her, a small smile stretching his cheeks but not *quite* reaching his eyes.
Not brown. Green. Deep green, full of hurt and confusion…With an anguished cry, Cas slid down the wall of the shower, tears mixing with the cooling water flowing down the drain.
“I’m here with Charlie and a date. Charlie knows someone...er, wants to know someone...no, is hoping to get to know someone… look man, I don’t know. Charlie’s friend or whatever is running backstage and she asked me to come along. And I ran in to Brittney at the Gas N Sip and she didn’t have plans so....And well, here I am,” Dean threw the arm not holding his beer out with a flourish, promptly smacking a heavier set gentleman in the back. “Whoops, sorry!” He apologized with a fierce blush burning his face. He definitely needed another beer, if he was going to make it through this evening. He cleared his throat, turning back to excuse himself to the bar only to find Gabriel’s gaze fixated on Charlie, Dorothy and Brittney. He gave a low whistle of approval.
The next morning passed by in an emotional blur. The class he TA’s for, English Lit, had quickly become the highlight of his semester, and Cas was sorry to say goodbye to the staff and students alike. It had been an emotional final period, their test having been more of a spoken review of the class itself, and no one had escaped without tearing up. The walk back to his apartment was long, and Cas was drained when he got there. Sighing with relief, he let his messenger bag slide off his shoulder to the floor. Toeing off his shoes he heads into the kitchen to make himself a pb&j, choosing to eat standing at the counter, trying to decide what to do with the rest of his day.
Soon enough they arrived at the theater, if one could really call it that. It was more like an abandoned warehouse, according to the look of the exterior of the building. Dean managed to find  a parking spot towards the back of the surprisingly cramped parking lot and eased Baby to a stop. He truly was on his best behavior, going around and opening not only Brittney’s, but Charlie’s door as well. Once inside the building they found themselves in a small but surprisingly cozy waiting area, a ticket booth/concessions stand set up along the far wall, and a curtained off area separating what Dean assumed was the stage from the space they were in. Dean left the ladies still happily yammering away and went to purchase tickets and, what the hell, a beer for himself and Charlie and a cider for Brittney. When he returned, hands full of tickets and booze, he stood awkwardly just off to the side, trying not to be in anyone’s way. Glancing around he was surprised at the number of people gathered in the small waiting area. Dean had never even heard of the space before today, and it was a bit startling to see how many people were crammed into the room. He hoped the doors or curtains or whatever would open soon.
Cas is deep down a path of calculus and imaginary numbers when the door to the cafe suddenly banged open, bell chiming obnoxiously loud, announcing the arrival of a large group of rowdy freshmen, startling Cas out of his bubble. He groaned, stretched his sore back and reached for his phone next to his once-again empty coffee mug. He clicked it on, instantly dismissing then new notification of text messages from Dean, telling himself he'll answer them later. It was already ten to nine; he hadn’t even realized  how quickly the day was passing him by. He had his final class as a TA tomorrow at 8am and still needed to organize his notes before he could call it a night. He gathered his things, pocketed his phone and headed home.
“The closest to a hunter-themed set we’re gonna get,” Dean agrees. He places a hand on either side of Cas’s face and pulls him into a kiss.
Dean pours himself a cup of coffee and then slides into the seat next to Cas. As soon as he’s seated he lets his head drop to the table and leans some of his weight against Cas, who immediately starts rubbing circles into Dean’s back. Dean’s head is throbbing with such ferocity he can almost hear it.
“Not you, too,” Dean says, sighing with faux exasperation but smiling the entire time. As much as he can’t help squirming under the knowledge that apparently he and Cas came as a surprise to exactly no one, he’s less squirmy about Donna knowing.
Dean smiles so wide his cheeks ache with it. Then he grabs Cas’s hand and pulls him towards their room.
“We were just going to grab some breakfast, but we can…” Sam trails off and makes a vague gesture towards the door.
“N-no,” Dean says. He swallows. “Just, here.” He pulls himself onto the bed properly and reaches for Cas’s tie, which gives him
marathon, because this is the second episode in a row, and another has been promised right after. If Dean had been thinking of anything other than his proximity to Cas, he would’ve had the presence of mind to change it over to something else. As it is, Dean pays very little attention to what’s happening on the show. At least not until it devolves into a sex scene he really should have seen coming.
"Find anything?" Dean asks, already knowing the answer. They've been through every book in the bunker at least twice apiece, some of them more, and always come up with bupkis. Their one solution was to lock Chuck away like Amara.
"I gotta say, I'm, uh, I'm not that sorry about it," Dean admits. He looks down at his own hands as he says it. Tilts the glass to watch the way the alcohol drags in viscous channels down the sides.
“No, shut up for a minute. I need to say this.” He makes sure Cas is looking at him and holds his stare. His eyes are so fucking blue that the bottom drops out of Dean’s stomach for a moment. He takes a shuddering breath. “I love you, too. Cas, you have no idea. I have been in love with you...fuck, for years now.” A sob kicks its way out of his lungs.
They stay up way too late and drink far too much, but Cas still wraps his arms around Dean when he finally crawls into bed. And maybe it’s the bourbon talking, but it feels like they’re going to be okay. Whatever hang-ups they have working against them, Dean vows to tackle them head on. First thing in the morning.
He passes Cas a spatula and steps to the side to give him more room at the stove. His hands are shaking, which might be because it’s been too long since he last ate. Yeah, he’s going to go with that.
“Is there something else going on with you two?” she asks, too astute for her own good. Or for Dean’s good anyway.
Dean opens the box and immediately starts laughing. Inside is a pale blue tie with a snowflake pattern and socks to match.
“They’re noodles, man. You’ve never had a noodle cup?” Most things about Cas don’t surprise him, but this does. He would have thought that his time spent working at the Gas ‘n’ Sip would’ve acquainted him with noodle cups.
Cas gives him what can only be described as the side-eye, but starts cracking the eggs into the bowl. Dean pours a splash of milk over them and lets Cas whisk it together. Except he doesn’t whisk it so much as he stabs at it with a stirring motion.
Dean can hear her smile, can picture it perfectly. “I wish. But now that you mention it, I’d be up for a road trip soon.”
Cas shifts further onto the bed, still watching Dean, and once he’s settled it becomes even clearer just how little space they have to work with on that mattress.
Nothing had happened that night. They’d simply slept. Or Cas had slept, anyway, snoring gently while Dean held himself stiff as board, aching to rest his hand on Cas’s back, to tug him close and bury his nose in Cas’s hair the way he’s always wanted to. He hadn’t, of course. He’d contented himself with watching Cas sleep and told himself it was for the best when he drove away the next morning. And then, well, then Cas was an angel again. And Dean tried to tell himself that was for the best, too.
“Goddammit,” he growls, as he eases off the gas again to prevent another potential spin out. “We can’t drive in this, we’re gonna have to stop somewhere.”
. It's all very comfortable and normal and at a certain point it fully hits Dean that this is his life now. He gets to have this—Cas laughing at a silly sitcom while Dean rests his head on his shoulder and they pick at leftovers.
“Cas.” The name slips past Dean’s lips on an exhale of shock. He’s frozen but for his heart, which is now rocketing in his chest, beating frantically against his breastbone. He wants to get out of the bed, to touch Cas and make sure he’s real, but he was already jittery with hunger and exhaustion, and he isn’t sure he won’t immediately pass out again. He’s struck by a sudden terrible suspicion that he’s still dreaming. Please, God, Jack, whomever, let him not be dreaming. His heart climbs into his throat with fear.
Cas gives him a blank look and says, “Oh, are we talking about things now?” with such sarcasm that Dean almost flinches. The worst part is he probably learned that from Dean.
Overwhelmed, Dean lets his head fall to Cas’s shoulder, nose bumping against his collarbone, and Cas leans his head against him. He brings his hand up to soothe a thumb over the hinge of Dean’s jaw.
Sam gives her a surprised look, but doesn’t put up a fight. “‘Night guys,” he says, without so much as a backward glance.
If Dean thought Cas was going to be shy and hesitant about this, he couldn’t have been more wrong. Cas slips a finger between Dean’s cheeks, presses it against his hole, and Dean fucking
Dean pops the top button and gets a hold on the zipper. Cas makes a desperate sound that’s going to live rent free in Dean’s mind for the rest of his life.
Dean squints, trying to see past the snow that’s falling thicker and faster with each passing minute. He’s driven through a lot of shitty weather over the years, but this is going to force them off the road. What started as rain quickly froze into ice and eventually became a full blizzard. It’s turned the roads into a skating rink and on top of that visibility is basically non-existent. They should’ve brought Cas’s truck.
“Sam showed me how to use the cassette recorder,” he says. He sounds nervous. “It’s not as good as what you did, I’m sure, I don’t know music the way you do, but there are a few songs that have really stuck with me, over the years, and I know you can always use new music, being on the road—”
The sincerity on Cas' face is more than Dean can handle, so he buries his nose against Cas' neck and breathes him in. They still have a lot to talk about. There's still a confession beating against Dean's ribs that he can't quite bring himself to say aloud. They still have Chuck to deal with and an apocalypse to avert. But they'll do it together. And this time, Dean thinks, this time they'll be better.
. There are worse things to be watching on motel cable, so Dean leaves Cas to it and makes his way to the kitchenette to boil water for their noodle cups.
“They’re for me,” Dean says, slipping the socks into one of the bags they already have. “Now we’ll match.”
“You almost died!” Cas shouts. Whatever lingering guilt had been on Cas’s face retreats in favour of a fierce anger. “I didn’t sacrifice myself just so you could defeat Chuck. I wanted you to have the chance to live. You deserve that. You earned that.”
Cas notices because Cas notices everything. “Are you okay?” he asks, laying his free hand on Dean’s shoulder. Right where his handprint used to be. Dean doesn’t know if he’s okay. He thinks he might combust under the pressure of his self-restraint. It’s certainly not doing anything for his ability to teach Cas how to make scrambled eggs. But that’s not what Cas means.
Dean feels like he’s hovering before he even gets in the room. He’s still trying to figure out how they went from mostly good to this awkward dance of tip-toeing around each other. He hates it.
It takes them almost twenty minutes with Dean white-knuckling the steering wheel the whole way before they pull into the motel lot. Dean’s grateful that the vacancy sign is lit because he’s not sure they would have made it any further and he’s not eager to find out how cold the Impala will get overnight.
It’s been two weeks and at this point he’s frustrated with himself. It’s probably something he should talk to Cas about, but that thought launches him directly into fight or flight mode, which is not conducive to a conversation. So instead he’s been jerking off in the shower, a practice that not only leaves him unsatisfied, but sometimes actively makes him feel worse. It’s a problem.
They end up lying down, Dean half-sprawled over Cas, his face tucked into the place where Cas’s neck meets his shoulder, breathing in the scent of him, all ozone and summer storms, which Dean has always assumed comes from his grace. The gentle tingle of it buzzes over his scalp and down his spine, a low, steady healing that Cas keeps up for as long as he’s able. It sends him into such a state of sated bliss that he doesn’t even think twice about hooking his leg over Cas’s and wrapping his arm around his waist, hand clutched in the fabric of his shirt.
“Wait, you bought them separately?” Dean asks. He lets out a another burst of laughter when Eileen nods.
Beside him, Cas lets out a sharp snore that startles him awake. Worry clenches in Dean’s chest even though he knows this is normal with Cas’s grace sliding in and out the way it has been. He still doesn’t understand what that means. If it will fade entirely someday, and what it would mean for Cas if it does. He hasn’t been brave enough to ask or even think about it for too long.
“It’s fine,” he says, settling back onto the bed. “It was superficial. I think it startled me more than anything else. Though my tongue still feels strange.”
“Hey, that looks great, man,” he says. Cas looks so pleased with himself that Dean almost kisses him right then. Instead he reaches in front of Cas and flips off the burner. He leaves the bacon for a few more minutes.
take the first opportunity to go to heaven, but he’s too tired to be upset about it just now. And if thinks about it for more than half a second, he gets it, in a way. He probably would have done the same if their positions had been reversed.
As soon as breakfast is finished, Cas excuses himself without explanation. Dean stares after him helplessly. Sam watches him go with a frown.
"Good," Dean says, and takes a sip of his coffee while trying not to make it too obvious that he's scanning the bunker for Cas. He expected to see him by now, if not in the library with Sam, then in the kitchen. He takes another gulp of coffee, too big for how hot it still is, and it scalds all the way down. He tries not to choke on it, but ends up coughing wetly.
He doesn't offer more than that and Dean doesn't ask. He's not going to push if Sam doesn't want to talk about it.
Cas’s eyebrows jump in surprise and then immediately contract with confusion. “You dreamed of heaven?”
Cas brings his hands to Dean's face and strokes a thumb over his cheekbone. He presses the other to the corner of Dean's mouth. Cas looks at him with such reverence that for a moment Dean forgets to breathe. Time seems to stretch and slow.
“Dude, at least take your shoes off,” Dean says weakly, unable to process the immediacy of Cas’s willingness to just be with him, even while he’s going to be unconscious.
Dean cuts him off with a kiss. Cas sinks into it. When they stop, Dean keeps their foreheads pressed together.
“C’mon, you’ve done harder things than this,” Jody says. “You’ve saved the world! You’ve defeated God! Not that I want to think too long about that one. But you’re Dean Winchester. I think you can talk to your boyfriend about sex.”
Even as he says it his eyes droop shut too long to pass off as a blink. “Coulda fooled me,” Dean replies.
“No, man, go for it. I can keep going on my own.” Sam comes over to relieve Cas of the stack he’s holding, just to emphasize his point.
Cas sighs. “I told you. Loving you changed me Dean. It made me more human. I’m still an angel, but my grace, it…” He cocks his head, looking for the right words. “It doesn’t fit the way it used to. It’s still there, but it ebbs and flows. It’s more like residual static. I was lucky to be able to heal that stab wound as well as I did.”
It’s about time to take Miracle for a walk, so Dean heads out of his room and wanders through the bunker to see where he’s gotten to. He finds him in the library, curled up in one of the arm chairs while Sam and Cas pull books from the shelves and stack them into various piles on the floor and tables. Sam’s taken on the task of digitizing and properly re-cataloging the bunker’s impressive wealth of knowledge, and Cas had offered to help even though the digital portion of things is somewhat beyond his grasp. He’s excellent at organizing.
It’s...unbearably domestic. Dean wants to catch this moment in a bottle. It’s not something he ever thought he’d have. He’s used to cooking
“No, I want to eat three eggs, but you gotta try some, too. You can’t learn to cook if you don’t taste your own food.”
Dean blinks in surprise. He’d honestly forgotten. It’s been so long since any of them have celebrated a birthday that the day usually passes unnoticed. He suddenly remembers Sam’s consternation on the phone the night before.
Cas groans and pushes his tongue into Dean’s mouth, turning the kiss filthy. He bucks forward, hard, and slides his hands down the back of Dean’s sweats, squeezing. Then he slips a finger between Dean’s cheeks and drags it firmly over Dean’s hole. Dean makes a broken sound in the back of his throat and grinds into Cas. “Jesus, fuck,” he whines. “Cas.”
He shuts his eyes and rubs his thumb over the hinge of Cas’s jaw. When he opens them again he’s staring into the deep blue of Cas’s eyes. He pulls back to look at him better, the slope of his nose, the bow of his lips.
He’s still frowning. Dean wants to smooth his fingers over the lines there and ease the worry away. And then he realizes he can now, so he does, running a thumb firmly but gently over his forehead, and Cas looks at him like Dean’s the most wondrous thing he’s ever beheld in his life.
He finds himself slowly moving forward, shocked from his reverie by a hand on his elbow. Startled, Dean turns and looks into the eyes of the usher he had seen earlier. The usher gestures for Dean to follow him, and guides him back to his table. Dean allows himself to be lead, resolutely keeping his eyes trained on the man on stage. Just as Dean finally reaches his seat the stage is plunged into darkness again. Is it over? Already? But he just started! Surely it can’t be done, that would be the shortest routine...
The car ride was surprisingly comfortable, awkward start to the evening non-withstanding. It turned out Brittney was a bit of a gamer nerd, and she and Charlie spent the car ride chatting happily about their WoW characters and trading battle stories.
Dean jerked his eyes up, guilt plastered across his features, and was met with those pale pink lips stretched in an amused grin, the dark blue eyes squinted with a touch of mirth as they watched Dean’s face go crimson in the dim lighting.
The man threw his head back and laughed, a deep, rumbling laugh that made Dean’s fingers and toes tingle.
“You, my friend, have made a good choice. Who knows? There may be hope for you yet!” Patrick said, leading them towards a near-by cafe.
Between one heartbeat and the next the act begins with a flash of the lights that mirror the crash of a hi-hat that makes Dean jump. In the same moment, the man snaps his head up and his body begins moving in an equally sharp and sinewy rhythm. Different color lights pulse to to the heartbeat of a remix of Imagine Dragon’s “Believer.” Dean is spellbound, stuck at the back of the theatre, watching the man move gracefully across the floor, strength, flexibility and sin projected in every sweep of his muscular body. And his eyes...Even in the throbbing lights Dean can see how wide and captivating they are. Set beneath those deep eyes and above that sharp jaw is an equally sharp nose and what may be the most gorgeous set of lips ever to adorn a man that Dean had seen. The man turns his back to the audience and Dean is treated to the first real view of his shoulders, his waist, his ass...Dean swallows convulsively. “Holy shit” he thinks. The man’s back, shoulders and upper arms have intricate wings inked into his perfect skin. They glisten with his sweat, calling to Dean.
“Don’t remind me,” Cas groaned. “If I don’t end up re-taking that class, it will be a miracle.”  Patrick chuckled, falling in to easy step beside Cas as they took off walking across the lawns.
as corpses definitely can’t pass our Calc final, the only sensible solution is to…” he paused for dramatic flare, waiting for Cas to glance back up at him. “...have lunch with me.” Chuckling, Cas shook his head, adjusting his back pack again. A few moments passed before he pasted a fake scowl on his face, stopped and faced Patrick.
Cas was drenched by the time he made it back to the car. It was after ten now, and the storm had mostly worked itself out, though the rain was still falling in cold sheets. Numb with cold, he pushed his hand into his pocket and coaxed the reluctant keys out from the stiff fabric. He paused before getting in, briefly debating if he should remove his jacket and try to keep at least
“So,” Brittney started, glancing over to where Dean was walking just out of reach. “What are your plans for the rest of the night?”
Letting out a strangled sob Cas shoved his knuckles deeper against his eyes, causing a burst of light to scream across his eyelids. It hurt.
Bobby reminding Dean that, now that he had the Impala, he expected him and Cas to come visit, and soon.
caused him to pause mid-air, the cigarette falling unnoticed from his lips. The sudden vibration of his phone against the seat almost stopped his heart. Dean’s breath caught in his throat, grabbing the phone off the seat and thumbing the side button to turn it on. The screen popped to life...
Dean closes his eyes , a deep groan making it’s way into the silence of his bedroom. It’s barely dawn, the light just creeping in across the horizon enough to turn the world outside from deep blue to a muddy grey as he was driving home from Brittney’s place.
His eyes laser focused on the blonde, he can’t seem to catch his breath, can’t feel the blood he can hear like a kettle drum in his head, can’t even
“I’m flattered, truly. But I’m afraid I can’t. I hope you had a good time tonight…?” Inquisitive eyebrows raised to let Dean know this was his turn.
He had seen the seasons change his whole life, and from every side of the continental U.S. But it was more meaningful here, somehow. More...vibrant. From his perch atop the boulder he could sit for hours, silent and still, letting the earth move around him, doing nothing but watching, breathing, feeling. Watching the cycle spin on and on as life ebbed and flowed around him, breathed and grew, frosted and fell, burned and died. It was always present, and always total. He needed the calm he usually found here. He needed clarity, understanding, absolution. He would sit here all night if he had to.
With thoughts rolling through his head, Cas absentmindedly slipped his hand down his abdomen, the warm, sudsy cloth skating against his smooth stomach, his trimmed pubes, his….
Dean had to admit, the show was pretty good. The first number had been absolutely stunning, featuring the entire ensemble and creating an immediate atmosphere that was pretty impressive, and things had continued to go up from there.  He wasn’t sure what he had been expecting, but whatever it was this show did not disappoint. The men performing weren’t naked, which was a relief, but they also weren’t just stripping. In fact, none of them were, not really. Sure, almost every one that came on stage left with less clothing on than when they entered, but it was all done very tastefully. Dean found himself increasingly relaxed, casually enjoying the show and genuinely impressed at some of the talents these guys had.
Still distracted, Cas made his way back to the table where he’d spread his books out. He slid in to his seat, absently sipping his coffee, stewing over his reaction to Not-Dean on the other side of the cafe.
“M’Fine.” There! Dean had replied out loud *only* what he had meant to say out loud. He should get a friggin cookie.
Everyone sits in awed silence for a split second before thunderous applause erupts, and if Dean finds himself clapping a bit harder and whistling a little louder than the others? Well, that’s nobody’s business but his own.
He heaved a sigh and draped his hands across the vents, soaking up the weak warmth the heater was putting out. He breathed deeply, inhaling the scent of the car, almost cursing himself for the sharp jolt he felt through his spine as the lingering smell of Polo Sport and cigar invaded his senses. It wasn’t Dean’s smell, was a far cry from it. Dean was musky and clean...like leather, fresh scrubbed woods after a hard rain shower, or the first true day of autumn, sharp and crisp. Dean’s scent had always cut straight to the center of Cas, grounding him and making him swear he was flying in the same instant. And Patrick’s car, his smell...it was about as far from Dean as one could go.
Grinning from ear to ear and with a renewed spring in his step thanks to his new-found purpose for the evening, Dean deftly wove around people and made his way over to his friends. Gabe and Brittney were sitting at a table, side by side, laughing at something clever Charlie had just said and...wait a minute. Gabe?!?! “What the…” Dean muttered, his steps slowing. He wondered if he could go back and get something stronger than a beer if he was going to be forced to spend the whole night with Gabe, knowing what a complete and total jackass he’d made of himself mere minutes ago. And what was worse was Brittney, watching Gabe with her whole face lit up and a bigger smile than Dean himself had been able to put on her face so far. He stopped walking and was about to turn around and head back to see if they had whisky when Charlie glanced over and caught his eye. She motioned him to come over and Dean heaved a sigh, resigning himself to a night chock full of awkwardness and discomfort.
He remained there, his hand pressed against the hood of the car, eyes clenched shut, shallowly sucking breath after breath, willing the rolling, swaying feeling to subside until, finally, it does. Cautiously he cracked one eye open, making sure the world was staying in one place. Slowly he straightened up and glanced around, relieved there was no one else there to witness his momentary loss of gravity. Drawing another deep breath, he slammed the door and made his way towards the pump.
His interest in Patrick had definitely grown the more he had gotten to know him. He found his laugh pleasing, he was funny and light-hearted, seemed kind and always so prepared. He was wickedly intelligent, his sharp eyes never seeming to miss a thing. It made him an ideal study partner, and, Cas mused, it made him an...interesting friend. Cas found his mind lingering on his eyes; the warm hazel-brown, the way they crinkled when he laughed, how they stared at him while he was talking, as though Cas were the most interesting person in the world.
Except the smell of sweat and musk and warmth, like sunshine and honey, that was wrapped around Dean just as tightly as those arms.
“I hope you had a good time tonight, Dean,” the man said. “Perhaps I will get to see you again. Enjoy your pie.” And with that Angel let go of Dean’s hand, and melted back into the crowd.
“Well?” Patrick gently swung into Cas as they walked, bumping his shoulder slightly. “What do you say? Because I, as your very concerned friend and best looking classmate,” Cas snorted and Patrick glowered at him for a second before continuing on, “
Perched on the boulder, the man sits, barely acknowledging the growing chill seeping through his jacket, watching the ruddy clouds shred smaller and smaller from the growing wind. Lit from beneath by the dying sun, he noted they look more like like bloody gashes than clouds. He grimaced at the sudden, unwelcome thought, the corners of his mouth twitching into a frown. Pressing his eyes closed he shook his head, trying to rid himself of the disturbing image. When he looks again, the rips in the sky have returned to clouds and he sighed in relief, sharp features quickly resuming their blank expression.
If you’re new, welcome. If you’ve been here, thanks for sticking with me. I’m having fun with this story and I hope you are, too! Comments are the noodles in my pasta. Feed me, Seymour!
“There, you happy now?” Dean muttered while shoving the lighter back in, the coils having cooled too quickly to be of any use. Scratching absent-minded at his thigh he pondered that he hadn’t thought to buy a lighter at the gas station when he’d bought the smokes. He’d been quit for almost three years, ever since that last drag he had accepted from his friend Crowley... the day they found out Alistair had died. He had promised Cas, and he really wanted to keep his promise.
There, bathed in soft, white lighting, stands the dark-haired man from the Star Wars act. He is clad only in black pleather shorts this time. No mask. No boots. No robe. Dean’s eyes dance across him, drinking him in. Even from the back of the audience he can clearly see the tattoos across his sculpted abdomen, the faint sheen of sweat on his shoulders, his hair still a dark, chaotic pile atop his head. The theater is silent, the man standing dead center almost glowing in the soft light, his face cast downward, bathed in shadow.
Just thinking that name, Dean felt the now-familiar twist in his gut and grinds his teeth against it.
“Yay!” The gleeful tone was back immediately in Charlie’s voice, as it always was once she had gotten her way. The thing is, Dean really did want to support his bestie, and she was eager to see this particular show. It seems the girl she had recently finally gotten the nerve to talk to at the coffee shop had casually mentioned she was a stage manager for this new show they were putting on. Apparently it was a big deal, and Charlie has always been a sucker for dark brown eyes, a gorgeous smile, and a whip-smart personality, all of which this “Dorothy” person apparently had in droves.
“Soooo…” Brittney draws out, seeming to be trying to make a decision. She squares her shoulders and raises her gaze to meet his eyes, and Dean sees the flash of resolve across her face before she continues. “Would you like to move this to my bedroom?”
Dean stands for a second inside the entryway, letting his eyes adjust when he finds himself, again, plunged in total darkness. He sighs and squints, trying to gauge if he can safely start heading to his table when the lights suddenly come up on the center of the stage and he feels all the air whoosh out of his body.
One more massive strike of what had to be a kettle drum and the center of the space in front of Dean was suddenly doused in intense, almost blinding light. In the center of the floor stood a man, dressed like a ring leader from a big top circus. His eyes shone under the bright stage lights, his voice carrying the opening number like he was made for broadway. Men in various costumes  were creeping through the audience, singing their hearts out while making their way to the stage and, just like that, the show was under way.
Dean glanced at her, then back at the ground in front of him as they walked. He knew what his plans had been, but for some reason he just...wasn’t as interested in that any more? He figured it may just be residual fatigue from his earlier drinking, and in true Winchester fashion, he decided to shake it off. Sex was sex, right? And, if his memory served him well, Brittney was fun in bed.
“Huh. Well I don’t know if they have cookies, but I know there is a great greasy spoon just down the street that serves a mean slice of pie,” Charlie piped up, amusement clear in her voice.
In the next moment, Dean's feet were back underneath him, his body weight being carefully eased down until the stranger was apparently satisfied that Dean could, indeed, stand on his own. Once Dean was convinced of the same thing, he gathered himself and squared his shoulders. He (carefully) turned to let his “savior” know that he would have been perfectly fine on his own and actually hadn’t needed the help thank-you-very-much, but when he lifted his eyes Dean found he couldn’t remember how to breathe, let alone speak.
“You want to come back to my place?” She asked, pressing her body more firmly against his. Dean nodded and ran his hand down her jaw, his thumb caressing her lip. This is what he wanted, right? He let his hand keep trailing down until he found her hand and, winding their fingers together, resumed their walk back to the car.
Dean found he was enjoying himself immensely. He even managed to forget that Gabe was sitting at the table with them until the house lights came on, signaling the start of intermission. Dean stretched in his chair, working out a kink, and turned towards Charlie but finds her seat empty. Confused, he glanced around and just managed to catch a glimpse of her shock of red hair disappearing behind the side curtain. “Ahhh” he grinned. “Go get her, tiger” He went to grab his beer, only to find it gone. It must have been cleared by the waitstaff sometime during the show. Huh, he hadn’t even noticed. He stood and turns to find two pairs of eyes on him.
They spent the next two hours letting Dean sober up (although no one said that was what they were doing, it was what *Dean* was doing, and he was glad for the opportunity. He HATED leaving Baby parked somewhere overnight and he was always pissed at himself when he drank enough to necessitate it.) After everyone had had some food and pie, they eventually said their goodbyes and went their separate ways. Charlie left with Dorothy, Gabe left after making sure Brittney had his number and leaving a wad of bills on the table. Dean and Brittney trailed out a little bit later, slightly awkwardly as they made their way back towards the venue’s parking lot. They walked in silence for a while, Dean’s head swimming while he went over and over the events of the evening so far.
“Ah, Charles, leggo!” Dean rasped, yanking his arm out of her grasp and nearly falling over again. “M’fine!” He swatted Charlie’s hand away as he righted himself, standing relatively straight and cast his glance around the room at the dwindling crowd. “Where’s Gabe and Brittney?”
“Are you kidding? I don’t NEED you to come anywhere, Dean. I can and will go on my own. I just happen to have it on good authority that  you’ve been moping around your apartment since Sam went back to Stanford. AND!” Charlie plowed on, steamrolling right over Deans weak attempt at a protest. “ I’m betting you haven’t so much as changed your socks since he left. It’s not healthy and...” Charlie paused once more, drawing in a dramatic breath before continuing. “I cannot let my faithful handmaiden waste away to nothing wallowing in his own filth and sorrow! Not in MY kingdom! Now, are you going to come with me to help support my fair Princess? Or will you disappoint your Queen and risk your place in my court?”
"Dean, I--" Cas cuts off and swallows. His hands twitch like he's about to move them, but changes his mind. He fixes Dean with a stare instead. One that's fierce and sincere and a little bit desperate around the edges. "I forgive you, too."
Even as Dean urges Cas on, he can feel everything pulling taut, ready to snap. He jerks his hips forward, once, twice, twists his fist around them and tightens his grip just enough—and his orgasm washes over him, jolting white hot through his limbs as he spills over his hand and both their dicks. Cas is only moments behind him, shouting Dean's name and clenching his fingers into Dean's hair tight enough to hurt.
“Sorry,” she says, not sounding sorry at all. “Unfortunately, just ‘cause we’re adults doesn’t mean we don’t sometimes act like teenagers.”
He clears his throat and manages, instead, to say, "I'm gonna be better for you, Cas." That, too, another version of
Dean’s close, so close. He reaches a hand between them, but before he gets a chance to touch himself, Cas knocks his hand aside and wraps his own around Dean’s dick. It only takes three strokes for the coiling pleasure to snap and release and then Dean is coming all over himself in thick streaks, hard enough that some of it hits his chin. Cas’s hips stutter as he loses his rhythm and then he follows Dean over the edge with a groan, breath hot and fast against Dean’s throat.
“Not to be… well, I’d understand if it were none of my business but… I mean it IS none of my business but…”Dean stammered, trying to figure out how to phrase the question he wanted to ask. Gabes eyebrows were raised again, although this time not bouncing, as he waited with amusement for Dean to find his bearings. “Well, okay uh… Charlie told me this was...uh… more male dominated show, you know? Men’s burlesque, right? No chicks? Not that there’s anything wrong with men stripping or anything!” Dean hastened to tack on to his statement at the look of bewilderment on Gabe’s face.
, he thought to himself mutely, feeling the sharp slaps of rain against his eyelids. He took in a deep breath and held it, as if to memorize the smell of this storm like a lover’s perfume he hoped to never forget. Tiny daggers began their mission in earnest, whipped fiercely from above, slapping and stinging where they hit his exposed flesh, increasing with speed and aggression until the drops themselves seemed hellbent on piercing through his skin or drowning him, whichever came first. He turned his face ever so slightly into the driving rain, letting it soak him, imagining the storm is baptizing him.  He waits, concentrating on the music in the leaves, punctuated by the low, throaty growls of the thunder rolling in the distance. Electricity sparks through the air and smacks down to the ground, marked by a shattering crash and chased by an echoing rumble as lighting made contact a handful of miles from where he was, maybe closer. Briefly he contemplated leaving but...
“Yeah. You did. In fact,” Gabe went on, “You still are. You feeling okay, there, I Dream of Deanie?” Gabe’s face was pulled into his usual smirk, but there was real concern shining in his Whisky-colored eyes.
Dean had sobered slightly by the time he and Charlie had walked the few blocks to the diner. Gabe and Brittney had gotten a table smooshed into a corner near the old-fashioned juke box, and Dean was pleasantly surprised to see Dorothy sitting at their table as well. There was a carafe of hot coffee and a suspiciously large glass of water sitting in front of the empty seat beside Brittney, but Dean wasn’t upset by the presumption he would need it. He slid gratefully in to his seat, picked up the glass of water and sipped at it, sliding his arm around Brittney’s shoulders and returning her smile as she leaned in to him.
“Well…*I* happen to know some of the talent being showcased in tonight’s lineup. In fact,” he paused, probably for dramatic effect and damnit, it was working, Dean found himself leaning every so slightly more towards Gabe as he dropped his voice.”I happen to know some of the talent...shall we say… intimately. VERY intimately. And let me tell you, Dean-o...they are some extremely TALENTED talents, if you catch my meaning. VERY talented. Very...bendy…” Gabes eyebrows danced so much at that last statement Dean wouldn’t have been surprised if they had jumped off his forehead.
Charlie bounced out the door to her apartment and down the few cement steps on her way to the big, black Impala sitting idle along the curb. She was about two bounces away from the passenger side door when she drew up short, suddenly coming to a stop and staring in confusion at the interior of the car. There was someone in her seat. Well, there was the back of someone in her seat, anyway. Dean hadn’t said anything about bringing along a date to the show, but based on the fact that neither of them had separated from sucking face long enough to notice her arrival, she could guess that Dean had freaked out and brought along whatever flavor of the month….ah, who was she kidding, week, that he had lined up. She rolled her eyes (not like they were paying attention to be offended anyway) and sidled up alongside the door. She watched the couple for a few more seconds (she would have put good money on Dean being able to tell her how many cavities the blonde in the front seat had) before she rapped sharply on the hood of the car. A grin plastered over her face as she watched them jump apart, looking for all intents and purposes like they had been caught with their hands in the cookie jar. Which, thankfully, she had gotten here prior to any roaming hands action.
Ignoring the tinge of guilt in his gut, he reached for the body soap, poured a generous amount into his palm and wrapped his hand around his shaft. He groaned, leaning into the heat of the shower, the water pounding on his back just adding to the sensations shooting throughout his body. His hand started moving, tightening and loosening his fist as he swept it up and down. He groaned again, twisting his wrist into the head of his cock before thrusting into his fist. Over and over he pushed and pulled, feeling his balls drawing up, his stomach starting to tighten in anticipation. He was so close, so close, so close. Eyes flashed across his mind and his orgasm swelled. Hazel brown and merry, warm and laughing, twinkling at him, gorgeous brown eyes, staring into his own, deep green eyes... Cas gasped, yanking his hand off his cock.
“Ah!  Ah!  Ah!” Dean can’t even form words anymore, all he can manage are high-pitched keens that mirror the rhythm of the throat massaging his cock. He scrabbles at the bedspread beneath him, pushes his feet into the soft give of the mattress and begins unconsciously pushing small, abortive thrusts into the maddening heat. One of the hands leaves his thigh to swipe at his balls, which he is vaguely aware are positively covered in saliva and precome, before it disappears. Dean barely even registers the loss of it, until that hand is all he can focus on. It reappears a fraction of a second later, pushing between his cheeks, broad fingertip circling his hole. Deans eyes fly open and one of his hands releases it’s death grip on the bedspread and gropes for the tuft of messy, raven-black hair. His fingers tips find purchase in the soft nest just as the warm, wet fingertip breeches him and the mouth on his cock once again drops all the way to his thatch of pubic hair, his cock completely enveloped in unbelievably tight, wet heat. Dean’s mouth opens in a silent scream as his whole body freezes, tensing with a tsunami of overwhelming sensation. He flicks his surprised gaze down to see the lewd stretch of broad pink lips, now reddened from abuse and slick with saliva, buried against his pelvic bone. He drags his eyes up slightly and as they make contact with shining, deep blue ones, Dean’s body releases him from his frozen standstill, and he is slammed back into the waking world, body convulsing with each powerful spasm, mouth hanging open in a silent scream, eyes wide open staring at the ceiling of his bedroom, memories of the intense dream already beginning to fade even as his body is still pulsing and twitching from the most intense orgasm of his life.
A sudden low humming noise caught his attention, breaking his gaze from the hypnotic dance of the hawk. Reflexively his hand started to move for his phone.
Sharp “thwip” sounds began to creep towards him, pinging off the leaves. A startlingly cold gust spat across his face and brought with it the first wet release of the storm.
“I know I didn’t say anything, but do you remember Brittney? She and I went out last Spring for a few dates?” Dean paused, an expectant look on his face. Truth be told, Charlie did NOT remember Brittney, but it didn’t really matter. Dean wasn’t going to care nor quiz her on it so there was no harm in the lie. She nodded and Dean went on. “Well, I ran into her again while I was gassing up and she didn’t have plans for tonight so I just… I didn’t think you’d mind?” Dean looked so hopeful, Charlie couldn’t even bring herself to tease him. She smiled.
Having made up his mind, he angled his steps to bring him closer, casually throwing his arm around Brittney’s shoulders, pulling her into his side as they walked.
Thank you for reading! I appreciate each and every one of you. You are all beautiful and lovely and have I mentioned you look amazing today? Stunning.
occasional jerk off to porn, he had never even cum to the thought of anyone other than Dean since they'd met. He carefully set down the cloth, drifted his hand to his cock again, almost experimentally brushing his fingers across the turgid skin. He shivered.
Except the warm, strong arms and hands that had wrapped around him from behind, holding him in a sudden, all-encompassing embrace.
The rest of the show passes in some sort of weird space-time flux continuum. It drags on forever, right up until it’s suddenly over. Dean resolutely blames the beer he’s had to drink, leaning heavily into the slight sway the room has acquired sometime during the last part of the show. It’s the lights. Or the sounds. Or the crappy chairs they are sitting in, or something. But no matter what it is, one fact remains. The show has finally drawn to a close, and now with the lights on and people beginning to mill about, Dean has some decisions to make. Like how to get out of there as quickly and with as little fanfare as possible. Or how to avoid Charlie for the next, oh...two or three months should just about do it, to avoid her pestering him about his reactions during...*ahem*...parts of the show. Or maybe just how to get Brittney to stop her incessant chattering with Gabriel, of all people. What on earth does Gabe have to say that is all that interesting, anyway?
He pulls two clean pans down from the rack and turns back to the stove because this? This is a problem he can solve. This isn’t Cas’s grace fritzing in and out, it isn’t a heaven that needs rebuilding, it isn’t a relationship he’s not yet sure how to navigate. It’s food. Dean can do food. “First of all, you have the heat way too high,” he says, turning down the burners that Cas had cranked to max.
“Yeah, because I’m terrible at this,” Dean says. “Not because I don’t want you. You’re not different in any of the ways that matter. I don’t care about your grace, man, I care about you.”
“We haven’t…” he trails off and then moves his hands in the sign for having sex becuase of course he remembers that one.
. He remembers seeing Bobby, drinking some shitty beer, driving around until he met Sam on a bridge somewhere that looked like western Canada. It all has that surreal dream quality where one scene bleeds into another without any logic.
Cas starts rubbing his finger up and down, catching on his rim with every upstroke, and Dean is already shaking with it. He buries his face against Cas’s neck as his hips twitch. A moment later Dean finds himself on his back. Cas flips them over so quickly and easily he barely has a chance to register the movement. Dean’s nerve endings alight with arousal.
Cas smiles at him and Dean does his best to respond in kind. He climbs onto the bed and sets out some napkins. He tries to stop his hands from shaking as he passes a slice of pizza to Cas. He lets Cas pick the movie, which was a mistake because Cas picks
The girl at the desk stares at him blankly and chews her gum, clearly unimpressed by the stupidity of Dean’s question. He can feel Cas watching him.
Dean, who hates wearing ties, gives Cas a bemused look and leaves him to it. It isn’t until Cas decides to pick out the most basic ties in existence that Dean offers up his opinion.
Cas kisses him one more time and rolls the condom on. He pushes into Dean so slowly that Dean thinks he’ll lose his mind. He feels so full. Cas runs a hand up Dean’s chest, thumbing at Dean’s nipple, and Dean rocks his hips forward on reflex. Cas groans Dean’s name and falls forward, bracing himself with a hand on either side of Dean’s head. Sweat gathers at his hairline as they find a rhythm. Cas is beautiful like this. Dean touches him everywhere,
There are a few more gifts tucked under the tree, but Dean decides they need to eat something first. He and Eileen take charge of cooking breakfast while Sam makes another pot of coffee. Cas insists on helping with breakfast, so Dean walks him through mixing waffle batter until the process devolves into Dean distracting him by dropping kisses onto the back of his neck and Eileen kicks them out of the kitchen.
Cas’s hands come up to frame Dean’s face. They’re so warm. So gentle. His eyes are wet. Something releases in Dean’s chest. Something he thinks he’s been holding on to for years. It cracks open and Dean feels like he can breathe better than he has in his entire messy life.
The only highlight of the class had been one of his classmates, Patrick, a chestnut haired, hazel-eyed troublemaker. He was originally from Ireland, and his accent, sardonic sense of humor and twinkling eyes had caught Cas’ attention. Patrick was a business major, and didn’t seem to have the same issues understanding the material like Cas did. He had offered early in the year to help Cas study, and the two had been meeting a few times a week to study ever since.
He swore again, raking his hand through his hair. Despite Johnson only being a little under an hour away, here he sat, almost two hours after he left, still roughly 20 miles from the apartment he and Cas shared, bumper to bumper traffic, as far as the eye could see in either direction. It was amazing what a little rain and some ill-timed construction could do to drivers on this highway.
Dean felt his face heat up again in embarrassment. He *had* known that, actually. Or, he remembered Sam talking about it before. Sam and Gabe had been friends since the moment they met in Highschool, and despite the age difference, they had been thick as thieves until Sam had gone cross country for college. “Oh! Yeah. Sorry man, I guess I forgot. Not that there’s anything to forget, really, cause that’s fine, you know? I just wondered cause you were just looking at Charlie and it seemed...anyway it’s all good. Allll good with me. I mean, not *with* me, you know. I’m not.. I don’t… Just that it’s okay in general. You know?” Dean could not seem to stop the verbal diarrhea from pouring out of his mouth while he felt his face growing hotter and hotter under Gabe’s amused stare.
*BRRRUUUMMM BRRRRUMMM* Another deep chord struck and, despite Dean’s original reluctance to be at the show, he felt his heart rate accelerate in response to the dramatic intro. Again, the male voice rang out again through the darkness.
“Dean…” Gabe said slowly, seeming to be choosing his words carefully. “You do know I’m Pansexual...right?”
He needed to get out of the car, out of the traffic, to clear his mind. Just for a minute. He didn’t want to delay his return home, not really. He just
It is only Wednesday, he doesn’t have another final until Friday morning, and with Dean gone the apartment is all his. Aside from studying, Cas has no other obligations, no one waiting for him or expecting anything. He feels...free. Grinning to himself, he leaves his dirty dish in the sink and decides to head in, take a shower and spend the day catching up on the Netflix shows he’s been letting slide in favor of not failing out of his Junior year. He has one test the next day, then the rest of that night to study. He figures he’s earned the night off. Just before he heads to the en suite bathroom, he grabs his phone, intent on plugging it in to charge. He glanced down at it and can't stop the smile that spreads across his face when he sees a notification from Patrick.
Cas does what he’s instructed, glancing at Dean occasionally for approval. Dean nods and then tends to the bacon.
Dean shakes his head, but can’t help the way his smile is taking over his face. “Yeah, okay.” He leans down to kiss Cas. When he pulls back he makes a face. He's very sticky. “Ugh, we need to shower.”
“Uh, no.” Dean brings his hand to the back of his neck and tries to figure out how to broach this. What’s he supposed to say exactly? Cas is great but I’m terrified to have sex with him? “I, uh…”
After they’ve eaten their fill of waffles and sausages and a fruit salad that Sam snuck in after Dean had been kicked out, they turn to the gifts under the tree. The first one Dean grabs is one for him and Cas. He passes the attached card to Cas.
He’s shouting now, and he hates that, but his eyes are burning with unshed tears again. He feels sick, sure he’s about to bring up whatever food he just managed to eat. The only reason he can think of that would keep Cas away is that he was avoiding the fallout of their last moments together. Cas had told him he loved him, but he’d never thought he’d have to live with the consequences of that. Never thought he’d have to follow through on being saddled to Dean for the rest of his life. Jack would’ve brought Cas back with his mojo intact and probably
“Are we going to have to make a ‘no sex in the kitchen’ rule?” Sam asks, because he’s the literal worst and takes pleasure in Dean’s discomfort.
It’s much harder to tell himself that Cas could never want him when Cas is rumpled and tired and looking all too human. It’s even harder when Cas keeps giving him long looks and lets his hands linger a beat or two longer than is considered strictly platonic whenever he touches him. It’s much,
While Cas pays for the ties, Dean browses through a spinning rack of novelty socks. He doesn’t like wearing ties, but he does like ridiculous socks, so when he finds two pairs that match the patterns on Cas’s ties perfectly, he can’t
He chances a look at Cas, but he’s looking steadfastly at the counter. A stab of guilt shoots through him. He can’t even bring himself to be embarrassed about the fact that Cas now has flour on his face and in his hair from Dean having had his hands all over him.
Dean’s eyebrows shoot up and he looks between Sam and Eileen. Sam’s face reddens, while Eileen looks inordinately pleased with herself.
By the time Cas has three fingers in him, he’s shaking again. He’s pretty sure he’ll come the moment Cas gets his hand around him.
“Listen. I’m not gonna pretend to be an expert on these things, and I don’t know Cas all that well, but I do know enough to know that he cares about you a lot. And that whatever is going on with you, he’s gonna understand. You gotta trust that, you know?”
“Cas, how long?” Dean says, when he still hasn’t answered. He knows his grip on Cas’s arms is probably bordering on painful now but he can’t make himself let go.
“What happened?” he asks, but even as he voices the question he realizes that no one has ever shown Cas how to cook. Even when he’d been human he’d relied largely on things he could nuke in a microwave. Or PB&J.
Dean nods. "He slept last night and he's been eating more, but that's the first time he hasn't been able to use any grace at all."
Dean desperately wants to make this right. He rubs his hands over Cas’s forearms and says, “Seriously, Cas, it’s just a hangover. I’ll live.”
“Well, that’s dinner right there,” Dean says. “And we’ve got some side dishes.” He starts emptying his pockets. “Doritos—spicy and regular. Cheez-Its. Fritos.” He tosses each item on the bed as he names it. “And dessert!” He announces proudly as he holds up a sleeve of Oreos and a package of Reese’s peanut butter cups. “And in case that’s not enough, I got us some movie snacks: licorice, M&Ms, and, uh, Glosette raisins because I thought you might bellyache if there wasn’t a healthy option.”
And so it's Cas who tilts forward first, closing that small gap and pressing their mouths together, hot and desperate. Dean can't believe it's happening. But that's Cas' stubble rasping against his own. Cas' tongue licking past his lips, into his mouth. Cas' hands scrabbling at his waist, trying to draw him impossibly closer. Dean opens to him and kisses him and kisses him until he remembers that he needs to breathe.
Dean’s still marinating in a pool of self-loathing, but he goes with Cas when he shifts closer and pulls Dean in. Dean hides his face against Cas’s shoulder and Cas tilts his head against him. He presses play on the movie even though Dean is no longer looking at the screen.
“So he’s probably fine,” Jody says simply, sounding far too reasonable for someone who is still at least ninety percent hangover. “Will you look at me for a minute?”
And Dean, well, Dean isn't sure if he wants to laugh or cry, but he is sure that he needed to hear that. Is only now, after hearing the words land, realizing just how much he needed it. They come with a swoop of relief. Relief stronger, almost, than knowing Cas won't have to bear the Mark. Stronger than finding him again in Purgatory. Than seeing him backlit in an alley next to a telephone booth. Than watching a terrible, rotting blackness recede and disappear. Or watching him gasp awake, human, after taking an angel blade to the chest. Or finding him scruffy and filthy in the mirror of a motel bathroom. So many moments where Dean could have collapsed from the sheer exhale of held breath over all the times he thought Cas dead and found him whole and alive again. And none of them compare to this, this offering of forgiveness he's still not sure he deserves. He's willing to take it this time, though, willing to crack himself open to the possibility of it. Doesn't feel the knee-jerk impulse, this time, to refuse it, to say,
“Have fun,” Eileen says with a suggestive lilt, and waggles her fingers in a good-bye as they head up the stairs.
Dean pours himself some coffee and grabs a bowl for cereal, then sits down across from Cas and lets his foot wander over to his side of the table, nudging against Cas’s ankle with his toes.
Cas slides his hands down to Dean’s hips and pushes him gently away, looking very regretful about it.
“No,” Dean manages to say as he regains control of his laughter. “She probably just thought it was funny. Because we hunt monsters.”
Cas just shakes his head and makes a grab for the spicy Doritos. Dean watches him for a moment before he realizes he’s being kind of creepy. He turns to the TV to see what Cas has landed on and finds it’s an episode of
They stay like that until Dean's stomach growls and they remember that they haven't eaten dinner, at which point Dean fetches food from the kitchen. And then he and Cas settle back into bed with a plate of reheated potatoes and Beef Wellington, and queue up a rewatch of
At the very bottom of Dean’s stocking he finds two pairs of socks. One pair is green with little red Santa hats and the other is red with strings of Christmas lights. He doesn’t make the connection right away because Cas is taking his time with his own stocking, marvelling over every item he pulls from it. Dean, who emptied the entirety of his stocking in about ten minutes, watches him the whole time.
Dean wakes up in a hospital bed. His head is throbbing. He blinks and pinches the bridge of his nose, trying to pull himself into proper wakefulness and orient himself to his surroundings. Trying to figure out what landed him here.
“Right,” Dean says, at a loss. “I’m gonna—” He points to the door and heads out, grabbing the ice bucket on his way out just to give himself something else to do.
“You should get some more sleep,” Cas says, the words muffled by Dean’s hair as Cas presses a kiss there.
And Dean can't stand even this negligible space between them anymore. His knees strain and crack as he pushes himself up, but he still climbs into Cas's lap. He rolls his hips, dragging their dicks together. It's so good. It's fucking perfect. Everything about Cas is perfect.
They stare at each other for a long moment and Dean forgets that he’s supposed to keep breathing. Then Cas makes a move like he’s going to turn back to the stove, presumably to check on the bacon. Dean reaches for him, meaning to catch him by the wrist, but landing on his waist instead. It works just as well to reel him in, so Dean goes with it.
“Less talking please,” Dean says into his arms. A fresh wave of French toast aroma hits his nose and his stomach roils. He groans. “Why are we near food right now?”
“Yeah, you know, Reese’s, Cheetos, Baby Ruth?” Cas keeps frowning. “Nougat?” When Cas still doesn’t answer, he says, “I’ll just get a variety.”
When they get in, Sam and Eileen have packed a bag and are getting ready to head out. Jody needs their help after all. Dean offers to go with them because it’s the right thing to do. Not because he’s trying to avoid being alone with Cas. But Sam assures him it’s not an all hands on deck situation.
Fuck, why is this so hard? “We, uh. Things are really good. Like, really good. I...we...he’s fucking great. I mean, I never thought I’d ever get to have this.” Great. Now he’s rambling. “But we haven’t...we
“Hey buddy,” he says. He pulls back and gets his fingers behind Miracle’s ears, right where he likes to be scratched. “Where is everybody? Huh? What’s going on?”
“I dreamed that,” he ends up saying. The strangeness of these kernels of truth in what he thought was a dream is making it easier for him to let any lingering anger go.
“You still haven’t tried any,” Dean says, hooking two fingers through Cas’s belt loop to keep him close. It feels intimate, that small action, and Dean is nearly giddy with it. He can’t stop smiling.
When Dean wakes, Cas is gone. He’s surprised to find this doesn’t immediately trip him into a spiral of insecurity. Instead, he reasons that he hadn’t expected Cas to stay the whole time he was sleeping. The guy doesn’t sleep, or at least not the last time he checked, and Dean must have been asleep for hours (as always, it’s hard to gauge passage of time in the bunker), so of course he’d go find something to occupy himself.
There’s not a single other piece of furniture in this room that would be suitable to sleep on. He entertains the bathtub possibility again.
“Dean,” Cas says, too frazzled to protest as Dean eases him to the side and takes the pan of eggs over to the trash. He dumps the gelatinous glob into the bin and drops the pan in the sink before turning back to Cas.
“These are strange,” Cas says, shifting over so Dean has room next to him. “I’m not sure I like them, but I also can’t stop eating them.”
Dean nuzzles forward, nosing at his pubic hair, inhaling the musky scent of him. He mouths at the base of his dick and Cas groans. His hands come up to rest on the back of Dean’s neck as he licks up the shaft and drags his tongue over Cas’s slit where he’s leaking. Cas’s fingers tense in Dean’s hair.
“I’m just about done, actually,” Dean says, but Cas looks a bit put out by this, so he adds, “Unless you want to help with the pastry.”
Cas immediately begins working his way down Dean’s body, pressing scorching, open-mouth kisses down Dean’s chest and stomach. He gives Dean a thorough working over until he’s coming down Cas’s throat. Then he crawls back up the bed and kisses him. It should be gross—neither of them has brushed their teeth and Cas just swallowed a mouthful of come—but it is incredibly hot instead. Cas is so worked up that he’s coming against Dean’s hip before Dean even has a chance to get a hand on him. Dean kisses him through it, hand pressed against the small of his back.
. He’s turning this into a problem when it’s the furthest thing from a problem. Unfortunately, just because Dean knows this doesn’t mean he can stop it. He’s so frustrated with himself he could scream and he can feel himself becoming irritated because of it. And his solution for not taking this out on Cas is to interact with him as little as possible.
“Wait, wait, wait,” Dean says, pushing himself up on his elbows. “Is that why we took the salt and burn case? So we’d get there last?”
But Cas just climbs into the bed next to Dean, settling himself against the headboard, legs sprawled out on the mattress over the covers.
Dean stops so he can stare at him. Cas wearing his clothes would be enough, but add to that the stretch and pull of Cas’s muscles as he adjusts the stack of books in his arms, and the fact that Dean’s spent most of the day so far thinking about sex with Cas, and Dean has to shift as all the blood in his body tries to rush south.
Dean runs his hands over Cas’s back with renewed confidence. He may be out of practice, but this is something that Dean knows he's good at. The secret to good sex, Dean’s learned over years of enthusiastic enjoyment, is simply paying attention to your partner. And there’s no one on this earth he’s paid closer attention to than Cas.
"I never wanted you to have to take the Mark," Dean explains.  It makes Cas' eyebrows turn down at the ends and gather in the centre of his brow. A different kind of disbelief softened by something unbearably tender. Dean wants...he wants. As he has so many times before, he wants to reach for Cas. To settle his hands on either side of Cas' face, fingers in his hair, thumb smoothing the creases at the corners of his eyes that Dean wonders about sometimes. Wonders if Cas is letting himself age at the same rate they are. It makes something ache in the centre of his chest, those lines. He wants to press him mouth to them.
Dean doesn’t jump back from Cas this time, but he does let out a low growl of frustration and remove his hand from the front of Cas’s jeans. He drops his head to Cas’s shoulder, and braces both hands on the counter again. Cas is breathing heavily beneath him. His hands are still on Dean’s back, but they’re no longer under his shirt.
“Ah,” Donna says. Dean is so grateful that she gets it. “Does he not want to?” She asks the question so carefully.
"I just spoke with Donatello," Cas says, oblivious to Dean's recent panic, holding his cell phone to indicate the recent conversation. He hadn't left at all. Dean shuts his eyes and takes another steadying breath as Cas continues, "He doesn't have any insight into whether the demon tablet could be of any further use."
And just like that, he’s telling her everything, words spilling out in a rush before he has a chance to think too hard about it. “No, this is all me. We’ve come close, so many times. And I know he wants to. Hell, I want to! But I’m all in my head about it. I just keep overthinking it. It’s like, I dunno, I’ve never loved somebody like this before. I’ve never had the chance to have something...something permanent or long term and sex has always been this casual, one night, wham bam thank you ma’am kinda thing, and I guess I’m just worried I’m gonna screw it up. That sex is gonna screw it up. Somehow. Sounds stupid, doesn’t it?”
“How many do you have now?” Sam asks. He’s never going to stop teasing them about this, Dean can tell.
Dean laughs and wraps his arm around Cas’s waist to draw him closer. “All right,” he says, conceding defeat. And then he kisses him.
“C’mon, Cas. You’re telling me if you had the chance to fix up heaven, you wouldn’t zap back upstairs at the first opportunity?” Dean says, like he’s just found the damning piece of evidence to win a case.
He means it mostly as a joke, but the look Cas gives him is so soft and pleased that Dean shifts all the bags he’s carrying to one hand just so he can hold Cas’s hand with the other. Maybe it was less of a joke than he realized. A pleasant, buzzing warmth settles in Dean’s belly at the prospect of them matching, even in the most subtle way.
“There is,” Eileen says. She crosses her arms and gives him her best no-nonsense expression. “Spill.”
Dean thinks Donna will get a kick out of it, so when they go to visit her, he gets Cas to wear the flamingo tie and Dean wears the matching socks. Sure enough Donna lets out a delighted laugh and claps her hands together, proclaiming, “Oh fun! I never guessed you’d be the matchy kind of couple.” Dean absolutely does not blush, especially not when Cas plants a kiss on his cheek.
Dean’s stomach churns. Of course Cas is frustrated with him. He’s been hot and cold for weeks and he can’t even have a normal conversation. He’s a repressed disaster.
Then Cas brings his fingers to Dean's mouth, tracing his lips, and Dean lets his mouth fall open around them. Cas's eyes widen and he pushes them in further. Dean sucks and drags his tongue over them. It's...it shouldn't be this hot, but Dean feels like his skin will ignite at any moment.
“Yeah, buddy,” he says, and mentally kicks himself as soon as he does. Cas’s face does something complicated hearing him say ‘buddy.’
. He's not sure what's stopping him from saying it now, except maybe that he already feels too raw and he's not sure he'll survive stripping away another layer right now.
After that it’s surprisingly easy. Eileen pours them all coffee. Sam scrambles more eggs. Dean makes toast. They all dig into the more-than-slightly-charred bacon. Dean does give Eileen a hug, thrilled to have her back in the bunker. Dean steals bacon off of Cas’s plate, and when he brushes toast crumbs from the corner of Cas's mouth (toast, apparently, like coffee, is made up of acceptable molecules) no one says anything. Sam just gives him a knowing look and a satisfied nod, like he’s happy for him. Dean looks around at all of them and basks in this small moment. He can’t believe they made it. Alive and whole and
Cas' expression morphs into something impossibly sad and for a second Dean thinks Cas might cry. He feels somehow responsible for this sadness, but he doesn't know why or how that might be. He only knows that he wants to take it away. That want--that need--to reach for him starts gnawing again at Dean's insides.
He doesn’t notice Cas watching him until he feels his hand on his thigh, giving him a gentle squeeze. Dean takes his hand under the table and laces their fingers together. Contentment settles into his bones. For once, he thinks they might actually be okay.
Miracle lets out a low whine and Dean slips him a bit of tomato, which, for some reason, is his favourite. Then he turns to Sam who’s wearing an expression caught somewhere between pained and confused.
When Cas finally gets to the bottom of his stocking, he pulls out two ties. Dean is surprised for about half a second to find that they match his socks. Then he starts laughing.
“Dean,” Cas says, and he injects such tenderness into that single syllable that all the breath leaves Dean’s lungs at once. Just from the way Cas says his name like it’s something holy, with more reverence than Dean has ever given anything in his entire life. Except Cas. Always Cas.
“That’s okay,” Cas replies, and before Dean can protest, he’s following Miracle outside and the door is slamming shut behind them.
Cas indulges him for a minute and then pushes him back gently, producing a cassette from his shirt pocket. Dean takes it and reads the label. In his careful writing, Cas has written ‘Castiel’s Road Mixx.' Dean’s heart flips.
Charlie grinned at him and motioned towards the door handle. “Oh Handmaiden, don’t you worry. I trust you will be on your BEST behavior! Now- get the door for your Queen and let’s get this show on the road!”
to figure this out. He couldn’t afford a distraction. Not now, not when he had everything to lose...
There, Charlie catches up with him and she’s positively glowing. She rattles on excitedly, talking a mile a minute about Dorothy and how great she is, how busy things were backstage but Dorothy still took time out to talk to her, and how Dorothy might be up for getting drinks after the show. Dean raised his eyebrow at that, but figured if Charlie did end up leaving with Dorothy, that might actually work better for his plan to sweep Brittney off to his place. Charlie suddenly declares herself in need of another cider and disappears as abruptly as she had appeared, and Dean finds himself standing awkwardly in the middle of the crowded lobby. He casts his eyes to the concessions, finding the line still overwhelming the two frantic employees behind the desk. He decides to hit the head first to give the line some time to die down. Seems the restroom is a single serve and the line is long here as well, but he finds he really does have to go so he waits. By the time he gets back to the lobby, it’s nearly empty. He steps up to buy his beer, and just as he’s paying the lights dim and the quiet music that had been piped into the lobby fades to silence. Dean makes his way to the curtains just as the usher moving them, slipping inside just as the slide closed. The Ring Leader is back on stage, reminding folks about tipping that will happen after the finale number and eventually introducing the next act, something about an Angel.
