"Yeah, did the seminar cover the three-hundred
"Also, um..." Dean gestured to Cas's backpack, which was shaking noticeably. "Forgive me for pointing this out, but your wings are shivering."
Cas nods again, as if this makes sense to him. "You had a case," he murmurs, almost to himself.
, he decided. The light snowfall from a few days back was completely gone, and even more of the winter snowpack had melted off. Increasingly large patches of lumpy brown tussocks were opening up now on the south-facing slopes where the sun angle was stronger. And on some of those snow-free areas of the south-facing slopes... was that a hint of green?
Into the silence Cas recounts more stories about events from the long-ago past. He seems to not even notice that nobody else is contributing to the conversation, and as soon as they're out of Kansas City he gets going on what he seems to think is a side-splitting story about the domestication of the guinea pig. On any other night Dean probably would've paid more attention, for it's actually a rather interesting tale, involving a long-lost pre-Incan civilization of the Andes, a rather excitable water demi-god, and a great deal of guinea pigs scampering about on floating reed-islands that were somehow set adrift during a local flood in a high mountain lake. The guinea pigs had been none too sure about the domestication idea, and apparently it took some angelic diplomatic efforts (courtesy of Castiel, it turns out) to bring everybody around.
...."
Cas said evenly, "I was just slightly grazed by the blade, at that hunt last week. I'm not in any danger. But, you may remember, I've had these sorts of... minor grazes before, and they can take a while to heal."
"But they're just holding it back," Dean said to Sam, the realization dawning on him slowly. "They're not beating it. They're still just holding it back temporarily. What are they gonna do to actually
Come to think of it, if Cas has been avoiding Dean primarily (or at least partly) to avoid scent-associations, that means Cas himself has been planning all along that there will be a "later," doesn't it?
Finally, what seemed at least a geological eon later, Cas started actually trying to learn a second and then a third chord. An "A-minor" and a C or something. And then trying to change from one to another and back. It seemed to take him about a friggin' hour just to reposition his fingers to switch chords.
Dean knew suddenly that this place on the back of the neck, this particular kind of touch, meant something, for Castiel. That shuddering sensation of warmth was happening again, too; that quivering in the air.
"Wait," said Sam. "Guardians? You mean, guardians of the Crown? Is that what those... those huge-ass sons of bitches were?"
Jimmy lay there a long time, looking at the little picture while he kept his nose buried in the jacket.
Sam sighed and said, "Sorry. Just trying to... Never mind." He popped open the little plastic lid on his coffee and took a sip, and then shoved his other hand back in the paper bag on the table, pulling out a muffin. He held it out to Dean across Cas's legs, saying, "Brought this for you from the hotel breakfast."
Gabriel shrugged. "He's probably basing that off what's happened to the other angels," he said, now actually whispering. "I've seen more types of wing-damage than he has. His feather-roots aren't actually too badly burned. He didn't fall in the same way that the others did, you know. If you keep at it, he's got a shot."
There's a beat of silence.
Dean gives a rough sigh, thinking now,
Dean sat quietly, just trying to take this all in.
he thought again, baffled. It had been inappropriate, hadn't it? It must have been, because Not-George hadn't liked it. This was obvious, because Not-George had fled.
But I also knew that the price might be that some readers would find it too rough and would bail. I felt genuinely bad about doing this to people (and yet I did it anyway... sorry....) I can't tell you all how terrified I was when I posted chapter 9. I thought for sure you'd all stop reading. I was picturing maybe twelve readers or so continuing on, and I had a private bet that the fic wouldn't break even 50 kudos. (It's at over 3000 now.)  I made my peace with the idea that it would be a very little-known, poorly read fic with only a few kudos and comments; I decided that even if only one reader continued, I would finish the fic for that one reader.
Eight a.m. Now it really was time to get up. Ted would still have a hot breakfast available for another hour, but Dean was still bone-tired, reluctant to haul himself out of bed.
By Tuesday the worst of it has passed. Dean still stays close to Cas, and after a little nagging from Sam he manages to remember to eat something himself, munching down a couple sandwiches that Sam orders from a take-out lunch place down the street.
He gave the feather one last gentle little stroke, put both hands back on the wheel, and drove on, watching the golden light on the mountains as the sun rose.
"Dragon-nip, I guess," said Sam, unbuckling the top of the backpack. "Here you go, Cas. All the dragon-nip you want." He flipped back the top, and the silver butterflies burst out.
Cas actually gave a tiny laugh at that. "I'm worried," he said at last.
"Wait," said Dean, pulling back.
Cas looked at him a long moment, hand still warm on Dean's as they walked. At last he nodded. "I do appreciate your help," he said, softly. "You've no idea. But I worry about you."
But they had to keep trying.
"What, like, a handy-dandy set of directions?" said Dean. "Maybe a helpful cheatsheet on how to steal the Crown of Heaven from celestial dragons?"
Next Dean blinked his eyes open to find that Cas was calling his name repeatedly.
Dean sat up all the way up, blinking as he stared around.
Finally he pops the trunk, grabs a box of medical gloves and pulls a pair on, and heads on in to Cas's room.
Something dripped onto Dean's hand again.
He was standing halfway up a small hillside in what looked like a fairly standard demonic landscape. Corpses lay all around; red flickering light overhead betrayed the presence of constant aerial battles. Nothing out of the ordinary.
"Sammy,
The sirens were getting much louder, and the other man said, "She's right. We should go."
of The Talk, isn't it? It's not really happening, is it? Or..
Serene, unchanging, an infinity away, there it is. Untouched by the chaos on Earth, it just keeps wheeling in its slow, stately circle around the northern sky.
"The bed's got a lining," Sam says, as they hustle him into the bed. Cas is still weakly resisting, trying half-heartedly to sit up, and Dean finally loses patience, strongarms him into place and physically shoves him down with both hands, until Cas finally subsides.
"Ri-ight," she said, a little hesitantly. "Thanks. You... don't mind... if I use your knife?"
"So... was there anything useful?" asked Sam, an edge of doubt still in his voice.
Sam looked at him for a long moment, and finally shook his head. "Well, I've been running around all damn night looking for you. Went clear over to the next county and back, trying to follow the river. Finally Cas called, a little after dawn. Damn, never been so glad to see his name on the caller id. Knew right away he must've found you." Sam started handing Dean the dried clothes, adding, "Turned out Cas was in town looking for me, but by then I was way down the river road in the other direction." Sam then shot Dean a slightly nervous look. "We had a, um, a nice little talk actually. He apologized for being out of touch, by the way. Said he'd had some stuff going on." With an obvious effort at changing the subject, he said, "So, um, he said you fell in the river?"
, and this is such a wonderful new development that Dean simply has to get right on top of Cas immediately. Without thinking Dean's crawling right over him on all fours, till he's straddling Cas's thighs, reaching for Cas's cock and starting to stroke it. Cas hisses at the touch and he flops back limp on the bed. Dean spits on his palm and starts to really go at it, savoring the magical feel of Cas's warm, solid cock, how it's stiffening and straightening, how Cas is squirming and shifting under him — and then Dean remembers.
"That's m-me," says Dean. He gestures at himself with a shaking hand. "Total w-wreck, s-see? That's why I...the OD, I... I thought he was a g-goner. Please let me see him. Please?"
archangels, and so those are not the right words, because archangels by definition cannot do wrong." He hesitated. "Or so they've always said."
"Better now, Cas, huh?" Dean whispered, turning back to him.
," he complained.
Though Cas still had to put his head down for a moment, this time because he was briefly dizzied by the draining of power. The little piece of grace was very small indeed, and for a moment he even felt it coil up tightly, flinching at the draining of its small store of power.  But after a moment he felt it recover, unfurling within him once again. Thin and wispy still, but it stretched out wide now, ready to recover.
"I don't deserve that, Cas," Dean muttered, finally raising his head. He wiped his nose on his sleeve and looked over at Cas's bruised face. "I don't deserve your friendship— didn't you ever notice that?"
He was a veteran of a thousand battles. When alone with no backup, the rule us, one must watch one's own back. Which also meant that any time an entry or portal was crossed, one first checked ahead, then stepped aside, then turned, to see if anybody else was coming. Check ahead, step to the side, and turn to check one's back. It was basic. It was elementary.
"I offer my most humble and heartfelt apologies," Gabriel said smoothly, "to my dearest and most exalted sibling, Raphael." He executed a bow that had only the faintest trace of deliberate sarcastic exaggeration, and straightened up with a picture-perfect, completely unobjectionable, blank smile on his face.
"Oh, someone saw me?" said Cas, looking at Sam. "I suppose I shouldn't be too surprised. I was, um... growling a lot. I was taken by surprise. Yes, that was me. And as you saw on the Sun, I'm really not all
Given a few more minutes, he could probably even come up with a plausible reason to spend the entire night there.
so insubstantial. He's already cruised directly through several solid doors, and even a wall or two as he gets braver about it. Twice, as he walks around looking for Cas, hospital staff push empty rolling gurneys right through him. Finally Dean spots Dr. Flaherty; he's standing in the hallway looking down at his iPad, and Dean edges in front of him, trying to get a look at the iPad too (he's hoping it might show Cas's chart — along with Cas's location). But Dr. Flaherty suddenly starts walking and he plows
Once he's downed two-thirds of the bottle he opens his eyes and pushes the bottle away."It actually tastes good this time," Cas says. Dean's beaming at him, like Cas has performed an incredible feat. Cas explains, "It didn't really taste like water before. It does now."
"Yep," Dean agreed. "
"Can I see... the clock," says Cas, and Dean, looking around, realizes that Castiel can no longer see the clock that's sitting at the foot of the bed. Normally Cas would be able to see the clock from here, by gazing past his own knees into the bedroom. But Dean's blocking his view.
"So, anyway—" said Dean.
Sam and Dean looked at each other again. Hunters getting organized? Trying to keep the Darkness at bay?
? Didn't he just molt last month? What happened to the last molt-companion? And the story is always, well, somehow he found a new molt-companion already — or two or three —"
for?"
Sam looked at Dean, who nodded in confirmation. "Cas knows where their den is," Dean explained. "He's seen the pups."
," said Dean, "and you didn't think to tell anybody why it was so important? Tell them to, y'know, not remove it?'
Dean shifted his feet a little. "Went to get bulbs," he said.
"Damn, how do we
"If you didn't mind too much," Castiel said, "I'd really still like to come to that play. If you still wanted to do it at all."
and all."
"Oh, I don't know," Sam finally says, a little too vaguely. "Anyway, as soon as you guys check out, we can get back to the Airbnb and finally do that Christmas dinner, huh? I extended the rental for the rest of the week so you'd both have a chance to rest up. Isn't December 26th its own holiday in England? What do they call it, Boxing Day or something? We'll have a Boxing Day dinner."
Dean points out, "But it would've been nice if you'd TOLD us."
and all of a sudden Sam had burst into tears. Dean didn't even seem to notice; he simply did up the shirt buttons carefully, while Sam struggled to get himself back under control.
Slowly he opens both his huge front feet, and lets Dean go.
That earned him a slow smile. A rather dazzling smile, Dean couldn't help noticing; it seemed to utterly transform the hiker's face. Again the hiker looked at Dean for what seemed an unnaturally long moment.
Dean and Sam stared at her.
, thought Sam. He'd seen the cut in Cas's throat. He knew what that meant: no grace.
"Life is old there... older than the trees," sang Dean, very off-key. "Younger than the mountains... blowin' like a breeze."
, he thought, trying to cheer himself up.
Sharon turns back to them with a nod. She seems to have composed herself, and she says, her voice steady again, "She gets worried if somebody's here alone. She kind of adopted Castiel here."
Slowly the world reassembled.
Dean said, stroking a finger across Cas's stubbly cheek again, "I guess I've thought about it, though."
THE ONCE-AND-FUTURE FORGOTTEN PREQUEL - This fic was originally conceived as the prequel to Forgotten. However, I found as I started writing that it would work better if Dean could read Cas's journal right away. But in Forgotten/Flight almost two years have passed and Dean still hasn't found that journal! Also the prequel was originally going to feature Cas finding Claire too (and also Daphne - remember her?), but then Claire turned up in the show and I thought I should wait and see where her canon story is going to go. So I decided to split this off into being its own little fic, have Dean and Sam find him right away. Then it occurred to me that I could make it a Christmas fic with real-time updates! I just couldn't resist.
?" said Sam.
Sam took the letter and read it himself, slowly.
been here, every single day, every single hour; the constant, the touchstone, the center of his world.
The world's turned upside-down. Definitely upside-down.
Dean picked up both the whiskey-cups and handed Cas's back. He touched his cup to Cas's in a soundless toast, and drained his cup, holding Cas's eyes. Cas mimicked his action, downing his own cup.
Slowly, Claire takes the manila envelope, and opens it, and tilts it into one hand.
He'd fixed a light bulb by merely holding it in his hand. (And he’d looked rather weak afterwards, as if the effort had drained him.)
Sam was laughing a little. He explained, "I think that meant, his family was already here." Cas nodded again and embarked on a long, complex burbling grumble of cryptic commentary that went on for nearly half a minute, looking back at Dean now and again with blue eyes that were now wide and sparkling. Whatever he was saying, he obviously had a lot of opinions on the subject.
. And there was no pain. No pain at all. All I felt was a sort of... wooziness."
The whole of the next day took on a ceremonial feel.
Dean doesn't even want to think about this possibility, for he already knows it leads inevitably to:
"See you tomorrow, then," say Sam. He rolls over, pulls an edge of his blanket over his eyes and says, "Turn the light off when you leave, would you?"
She shakes her head. "Call it a Christmas gift," she says. And now Sam's giving her his extra-pathetic Nuclear-Puppy-Eyes look. It's a very effective look (Dean knows this from experience) and Sarah almost melts. She even reaches out with both hands and covers Sam's gloved hands with her own.
But the magical dream did not recur.
Something supernatural?
, only thirty feet away. No wonder there'd been no signs; the road had been paralleling the canyon all along.
Not that there was anything Dean could do. He fidgeted a little, fingers restlessly shifting on the shotgun, but it seemed the wrong time to try anything. The guards with the blades were far too close to Cas. Dean knew very well that he only had one card to play, the element of surprise, and that single advantage would last only a few seconds. But he could, at least, be ready for an opportunity, if he could just stay alert enough to take advantage of some moment of confusion or chaos.
"Would you just
, Dean remembered. (He was still thinking of the dragon as an "it," not a "he." And it seemed far too great a stretch to think of it as "Castiel.")
Dean nodded. He cleared his throat and said, "You'll call if anything..."
well. Promise. Use mouthwash. And floss. Brush your tongue, too. Maybe eat something. Something with a different taste."
"Aren't you supposed to be sick?" said Dean.
drunk?"
It didn't really sound like God's voice. It sounded rather like a human voice.
the truck, would've been perfect."
"Campbell's beef barley, I believe," said Castiel, glancing down into the bowl. "From one of the cans that you brought to me. I did add some herbs, and a few cranberries. I must thank you for all the extra food, by the way; these cans of soup have been wonderful. I was getting very low on stores. I hadn't even realized how hungry I'd been." Dean slowly took hold of the bowl, and spoon, staring at both. The bowl looked it had been hand-hewn and hand-polished from some ancient hardwood, and the spoon had some etching. Dean peered at the etching, rather expecting to find some mystical runes from the Pleistocene, but it merely read, "PEPE'S NORTH-OF-THE-BORDER - Farthest north Mexican restaurant in the world!"
Dean said, or tried to say, "But wait, if you knew the last mammoths, that would make you at least eight thousand years old." All that came out, though, was a hoarse croak of a "But" —  and then a series of rough coughs. The cedar-smoke seemed to be tickling his throat. Cas frowned, looking sharply at Dean.
It was insane that Castiel had wings growing out of his back. It was insane that his feathers glowed gold when Dean touched them; it was insane that he'd been here
At that memory, of course Dean's immediately extra-determined not to leave him. "Okay, Captain Masochist, how about we make a deal?" says Dean. "The deal is, you let me help you for all of
"It's in my bag in the back," she says. "But, Cas, you sure you don't need it yourself? I mean, I'd love to have it, but don't you need it?"
"That about sums it up," says Dean, pulling up a chair. "Let's eat."
. Possibly forever.
he'd missed Castiel.
The sight of Sam standing there, tapping away at the iPad, had suddenly brought the dream flooding back.
A regular life, for once. A life that includes a girl. Dean's had a year like that. So has Sam. Cas has never really had much of a chance (not while he was sane and had all his memories, that is). Maybe he just wants a regular life... a regular job....
"Well, it's seems a fairly safe assumption that he was," says Cas. "But, Sam, my grace is gone."
She brushes back a stray piece of blonde hair, tucking it behind her ear. Her hand lingers on her hair a moment and drifts down to her throat, and she pats the skin of her neck exactly where the grace emerged. She's still looking at the feather.
Which might mean that even if magic and demons and angels existed in the world, even if there were mysterious sources of incomprehensible power out there, there might be ways that even a regular guy like Dean could still have an impact.
There's a moment of silence, and then Cas's torso starts vibrating quietly. He's laughing. With slow, sleepy, almost silent chuckles. He's laughing even while he's falling asleep.
wings. They were splayed out in the mud to both sides, and they were a mess of burned feathers, ash and blood. Parts of the wings were actually smoking. Dean couldn't even tell what color the feathers had been originally; everything seemed smeared with mud and ash and blood.
"Yeah, and is kickass with a knife, and can handle a shotgun too, and knows how to drive. And has his own car. What do you think, Sam?"
Beyond the three boulders was the crooked old road, with Cas's series of nest flags stretching out in a neat, helpful line, little dots of fluttering pink that were whipping hard in the wind. And beyond that was a mile of open tundra. The snow from the storm was almost melted off already, the greening tundra peeking through melting patches of white all around. Dean had walked that stretch with Cas just yesterday; what with the mud, tussocks and snowdrifts, it had taken an hour.
The glowing devil's trap sprang into view. "Nice," said Sam, clicking the light off again, and the devil's-trap vanished again.
. Come on,
"Okay," Cas said, "For example...." He stopped.
Cas wrapped his lips right around the head of Dean's cock, and began sliding his tongue around the cockhead, rather at random. It was clumsy, sure; it was tentative, yes; and it was wet and hot as hell and it felt
Dean takes a quiet step closer, puts the plant on a little table at the side of Cas's bed, and picks up the hat from the chair. He turns it over a few times, looking at it. There's a tag on the inside: "With Very Best Wishes, From The Ladies' Hospital Guild."
Cas made another questioning "
a demon at the time. And at least there'd been no actual direct physical contact with Crowley himself (
No, wait. Cas's arm was lower down, around Dean's waist. Dean could feel it there, Cas's hand flattened snugly against Dean's belly. And Cas's
The nurse was pulling the curtain aside. "
"Maybe don't kick God's footrest either?" suggested Sam.
"I don't know," said Cas. Dean glanced over to see that Cas was looking at him, a little uncertainly, out of the corner of his eye. "I'm not changing the dream," said Cas. "You are." He glanced over at the feathers and added, his voice a little hesitant, "Maybe you... associate me with this setting?"
"He didn't really have that relaxing a morning," comments Dean, settling back down in his chair. Sam cocks an eyebrow at him, and Dean adds, "So, turns out that severed testicular nerve is still alive and kicking. And not in a good way."
"I'd say 'God bless 'em,'" commented Sam, as they watched the car disappear, "if I didn't think that might do more harm than good."
"A female type of friend, you mean?" says Dean.
Cas discovered that the thing he'd grabbed was his old trenchcoat. He pulled it more tightly around his wings, pressing the two wings tightly together and flattening them against his back to try to hide them a little better. He risked a glance over his shoulder; the wings were hidden pretty well. "Uh," he said. "Yes."
Cas's hand went still on Dean's.
Cas's brief doze doesn't last long, though. Bouts of vomiting soon start happening again, with miserable regularity. Dean helps Cas through each one.
"I'm fine."
Balthazar flew up high near the lightning-wall, Oshossi somehow magically keeping his feet, and then Balthazar copied Anna's strategy, swooping down parallel to the Darkness smoke in a blistering fast dive. Balthazar tucked his wings in too (maybe getting them safely out of reach of Oshossi's arrows) and Oshossi let loose a virtual storm of blue-and-yellow arrow-bolts, peppering the Darkness for the whole length of the dive and fragmenting all the tongues of Darkness-smoke that were trying to sneak through.
Cas continued, "...it instructs the grace should focus on that thing, whatever the most important thing seems to be, and help make that thing happen."
He came to a dicey place where he had to clamber straight up over a dripping boulder. Sprawling belly-down across it, he braced one booted foot on a little rock on the bank, gripped a large cottongrass tussock overhead with cold-numbed fingers, and his lifted his other foot to an outcropping on the side of the boulder. But when he put his weight on the outcropping, horrifyingly, the entire boulder sank, rocked once, and then simply fell away from under him. It went crashing down below in a thundering of ice and rock and gravel, and suddenly Dean was hanging from a single tussock of cottongrass over a drop of at least fifteen feet.
This had been Dean's job for years, and years, and years, and years. Here in Hell, at Alistair's side.
Another soft strum.
Dean felt obliged to tease Cas a little about it, on the rare occasions when they even crossed paths. It seemed like it might be a bit of an icebreaker, and, well, folk music was always a reliable joke, right?
"Let's sit," Cas whispered, and they sat. Dean was barely breathing, fascinated by the little pup's fuzzy face. He looked now and then at the lean parents. They were only about thirty yards away. He should have been worried; he should have gotten his pistol out, or the pepper spray, or the shotgun. But he remembered the white wolf's actions at the pier, and he left the guns and the pepper spray holstered.
"Thanks, dude," Dean tells him.
Dean winces, suddenly realizing they've never discussed certain recent developments with Castiel. Certain developments with certain reapers.
to the hole, without falling, gazing down at the blackness below. "Once the clip failed it was inevitable," he said, bending over to inspect the fraying edge of the hole. "It's accelerated a bit now that you three are walking around on the carpet — your weight is pulling at the threads — but you had to come here anyway to set me free, and it was all starting to fray apart anyway. Look, up overhead, even the canopy's going. Hold on, I've really got to get hold of all these loose threads or it'll all come undone—" and then he was dashing around the tapestry-carpet, picking up the ends of dozens of the loose, long threads that were waving around in the breeze, and gathering them together in a bundle. He moved astonishingly fast, in almost a blur, and as soon as he got a good bunch together he ran over to Cas, poked at his nose and said, "Open up. Hold this, will you?" Cas, startled, opened his mouth, and God stuffed a bundle of threads right into Cas's mouth, and pushed Cas's jaw closed again. Cas sat there frozen, mouth obediently closed, his wide eyes tracking God's movements as God dashed away again.
Once the storm had passed, the arctic spring had reasserted itself with its usual impressive speed. New snow-melt streams were flowing busily past their feet at the side of the little access road, and what had been thick, impassable snow drifts on the hills just yesterday were now just rapidly shrinking patches of white, with patches of green already showing through.
At last he rose and padded his way over to his closet, and opened the door. He didn't even need to turn on the light; he knew what he was reaching for. Way in the back, on the last hanger, was the tan trenchcoat. Jimmy felt his way to that familiar coat, and ran his hands down to the pocket, and pulled out the badge with the picture of Dan.
Sam paused in his hand-wiping. "Jason called it a 'dimensional scope', didn't he?" He thought a moment. "I've been wondering, what if it could look into other dimensions? I mean... into other 'planes', like the angel book called them? We've never even looked through the thing. Maybe Kevin was trying to give us the idea of going to other dimensions."
Dean finally got himself pulled together enough to open his eyes and check the date on the message. It turned out to be from about a month after the Mark had been removed. Dean was pretty sure he remembered the day, too; it must have been the day when Dean had staggered out of the bunker for one of his first unsteady walks around the building, the first time he'd been feeling well enough to venture outside. Cas and Sam had been out doing some errands and Dean had thought they'd both be gone for a while. But when Dean had returned from his unsteady walk, feeling exhausted and still a little sick, Cas had been sitting at the library table. Cas hadn't been reading anything, either; he'd just been sitting there at the table, staring at his phone.
Dean didn't even hesitate. He said, "We're coming with you, Cas," and found himself speaking in chorus with Sam, who was saying, "We're in. We're both in."
exciting, to feel Dean's hand on his cock like that, to see Dean crouching above him and trying to take him in, and soon all Cas was worried about was how to keep from coming instantly. Then there seemed to be some resistance, and Cas started to get a little concerned about Dean again. But then Dean let out a long, slow breath and something seemed to open slightly.
"Of course she does," said Dean evenly, leading them across the parking lot as quick as he could. He was now hoping to finish the tour as quickly as possible, wrapping up with just a view of the lake, but inevitably Ruby noticed the line of old trucks that they were walking past, all neatly parked in a row by Big Mama. Dean had been feeling good about the trucks this week — they'd all been running great, hardly any cracked windshields, and Baby in particular was in great condition. But they nonetheless had mud on them, and next to the shining Mercedes they all looked pathetically old. Ruby said, "My god, are these from the Dark Ages or something?"
It's not even thirty seconds before Dean's panting hard, curling over Cas's head, knees already going weak.
These hypothetical options all go flying through Dean's head in a split second. But it's rather like being trapped in a mental hamster wheel; over the next few moments his thoughts only manage to spin around in circles, and he soon realizes he's not coming up with anything at all to say.
"Dean, you don't have any reason to think this Erin is bad," points out Sam. "You're getting all paranoid about nothing. All we know is, she knitted him a hat and she makes him meals. Those are not bad things."
as a human, and the sense of space and sense of scale are different too. I've come to feel it's not lesser, it's not inferior, but it's... very, very different. I feel so much smaller, now — I
As Castiel crumpled down, Dean grabbed him right around the half-folded wings and went to his knees with him. He then had a brief flash of panic about whether he might hurt Cas's half-grown feathers, and managed to roll Cas on to a drier patch of heather and away from the dampest of the moss. Cas ended up more or less on his side, both wings flopped out behind his back. Sam came running over too, though he stopped short a few feet away and stood gaping down at the wings, clearly still a little in shock.
None of the angels ever answered either.
For a long moment, there was just the growly rumble of the truck tires on the rutted road, and
all the way to the motel before Cas starts throwing up.
Dean frowned. This was all starting to sound less like off-the-grid backwoods skills and more like true poverty. "You burning kerosene or something?" he asked, half-braced for Cas to say he was using whale-oil or seal-oil, the old-time traditional fuels that had been used by the natives here a century ago.
At once Castiel said, right into Dean's ear, "Dean. Call me."
Cas was still thrashing, but Raphael, maddeningly, was leaning even closer to Cas now.
Sam turned the knob, and pushed open the door. It swung wide, to a cavernous dark space. No lights were visible within.
doesn't mean
For once he wasn't panting in panic, or flailing at the bedcovers; instead he was drawing in air in slow, long, deep breaths, somewhat astonished to find that he could breathe so easily. He was on his side, curled around his pillow like usual, but something was different: The gentle pressure around his ribs was still there, and there was still that faint, ineffable sensation of being wrapped in softness. There was also a warmth against his back.
"You might wanna check with the airline," Ryan said.
who took the lead, every step of the way. Dean, in fact, had been absurdly paralyzed for much of the opening phase, far too nervous about screwing things up with Cas to be able to even think of how to make a first move. (Thinking back on it all now, he's even cringing a little, for he's fairly sure it's the clumsiest and most unsure he's ever been, even given that new relationships always tend to be a little awkward at the start.) The stakes had felt terrifyingly high, the risks extreme.
Dean and Ryan manage to restrain themselves to some mild eye-rolling, and the work continued. By four p.m. they were mostly done.
to be, he just
Neither did or "maps" or "orishas" or even the admittedly specific "Mount Shasta."
This child is obviously not Emily. And the parent slouched in a nearby chair isn't Emily's mother Sharon, either. She looks at least a decade older, worn and lined. She's dressed only in jeans and a baggy t-shirt, with no trace on her face at all of the subtlely elegant makeup that Sharon had used. Her hair's pulled back in a rough, snarled ponytail that looks like it hasn't even been washed or combed in a couple days. Oddly, there's almost no expression on her face at all; she's just slumped in the chair staring at the wall.
The trips away continue. Around late October Dean finally succumbs to curiosity and manages to hack Cas's Verizon account enough to get a ping on his location. Both times Cas is in a town near Denver, at what looks like a Holiday Inn near the Kansas border. It's a reasonable place for him to be based, but when Dean asks him about it, Cas looks a little shifty but finally confesses, "Yes, I've been...." He hesitates. "Shopping. In Denver."
Claire stopped in mid-sentence. She took a jerky breath. "What?"
The door clicks shut behind him.
Cas gives a completely deadpan nod. "Would you like to watch a movie?" he suggests.
And just like that Sam drops the topic entirely.
"Definitely not."
As they got closer it became apparent that the cloud-wall was rushing upward horrifyingly fast. Yet Cas charged right at it. He'd abandoned his zigzagging now and was charging at the flare head-on. Just when it seemed they were going to shoot straight into the cloud-wall and be torn to pieces by what looked like tornado-speed winds, Cas banked sharply upwards, so that he was flying straight up, the edge of the cloud-wall just a dozen yards away from his feet. Dean tightened his hold on his feather-reins, thinking he and Sam would surely have to hang on by their arms, but oddly there seemed to be a puff of air behind him that was almost pushing them up. They seemed to be in some kind of border zone of moving air that was rushing along right next to the flare, carrying them upwards. Cas had managed to make a tight enough turn to get them safely into this calmer vertical current of air, without yet plunging into the fastest part of it.
Could this "other Dean" sensation actually be something real?
"But what did he mean?" Sam said. From the street came the unmistakable noise of the Impala engine starting up.
"Oh, sorry," whispered Cas into Dean's ear, after a moment. "I forgot I had arms." With that he lifted his dream-arms and hugged Dean back — in all possible ways, now, with dream-arms as well as real-life wings. Dean closed his eyes and hung on.
Cas took a breath and said, "I'm so glad you reached out to me later, in the end. I was getting worried anyway — I'd come all the way back here and was in the cave by then. I'd assumed that you'd merely return to your vehicle and head back to your own camp. But then I realized I hadn't verified that you'd in fact done so, and I started to get worried. I was about to come out and doublecheck that you'd gone back to your vehicle successfully, and exactly at that moment, you reached out. And I realized how badly off you were." He took a long breath, and again one of his hands reached out toward Dean, more slowly and cautiously this time; more deliberately. And this time Dean met him halfway, taking hold of his hand.
But, then again, nightmares of the people they had lost were all too common. Practically the norm, in fact. Especially since they both knew they were embarking on a trip that might well be the final good-bye to everything. To everything, and everyone, that they had ever known.
He'd thought originally that there'd just be one big fight, up at Topaz. One big battle and then it'd be over. But this just seemed to keep going on, and on, and on. One big battle only led to the next, which led to the next, and the next, each fight more perilous than the last. One frightening enemy, one tremendous beast, was surpassed by another, and then another, and then another. Wouldn't it ever end?
Maybe fasting might help, too? The old-time prayer books talked quite a lot about fasting and meditation, usually out in the desert somewhere or in the wilderness. The hills and fields of Kansas weren't quite "wilderness," and weren't quite desert either, but it seemed like it might be worth doing the whole thing outdoors.
And indeed they were. Orishas were stationed on every mountaintop, dozens of them. They seemed positioned every few miles, most of them on the tops of the highest hills, scattered around a huge circle that must have been a hundred miles in diameter. And, it was clear now, they making a sort of a gigantic fence to keep the Darkness out — presumably to try to defend the mysterious white fog-blob in the center (the "Stones," or whatever it was).
He gave Cas a grin and a brisk nod, threw the truck into gear, and pulled out onto the Haul Road to head back to Kupaluk. Just as on the first day they'd met, he kept glancing in the rearview mirror until Cas was out of sight. And just as on the first day they'd met, Cas watched Dean too. For as long as Dean could keep him in view, Cas stood there by the Haul Road, alone under an endless sky, watching Dean drive away.
Now both men were staring at Jimmy.
Cas buckled down at the end, wings wrapping around Dean from either side. When he started to spasm at last, Dean sped his hand on Cas's cock. At the last moment Dean reached up and took hold of the alula-feathers on one wing. That did it, for Cas; with a choked groan he came. Wings tightened hard on Dean from either side, warm sticky spurts hit Dean's stomach as Cas spasmed there, impaled on Dean's cock, squeezing him repeatedly with what seemed like impossible heat and pressure. It was utterly overwhelming, and after trying to hang on a few more moments, Dean at last came too, bucking and gasping under Cas. He felt pinned under Cas's wings, almost dizzy, as the waves of sensation rolled through him. Cas now seemed to have recovered enough to start watching Dean, and he drank in the sight, gazing down darkly at Dean through hooded eyes. He held Dean firmly between both his wings, through all the spasms, through all the gasps. Through all of Dean's last twitches, Cas held him; and he kissed Dean again, deeply, still holding him enfolded in that silken feathery embrace, as the stars shone above.
So Sam jumped forward to try to help. They'd always helped each other carry bodies. They'd helped each other carry Dad; they'd helped each other with Bobby, and even with Charlie.
"So maybe the other three were just saying, 'Leave his butterflies alone, he needs them'?" suggested Sam. "They were trying to help him?"
It's understandable, really. For someone who's used to always having magical healing powers and super-hero strength, it must be incredibly disorienting to suddenly end up with no power at all. And... in fact, Castiel had nearly been killed by the Rit Zien, hadn't he? He'd ended up on his knees, bloodied and with a broken wrist, mere moments from death, when Dean had burst in the door and saved him.
Dean was glad he'd sent the brother away (whose name he was also having trouble remembering); otherwise the brother would certainly have heard the screams.
"Hey, dude, how ya doing?" Dean asks. Cas glances toward him. One hand goes briefly to his head again, checking that the wool hat is in place. (It seems to be almost a reflex for Cas to keep checking the hat now and then.) Then Cas's eyes drop to Dean's hands, which are both now sheathed in exam gloves, in that CSI-classic shade of bright blue. Dean's carrying the box of extra gloves in one gloved hand and he waves the box at Cas, saying cheerfully, "Told ya. See, I got a whole box more."
And failed. "But what about school?" he said. "What will you do? What about your scholarship? What about your play?"
Anyway, I know it's a cliche, but, cherish every day.
Claire said, "They realized they should leave you alone. Leave you with me. They watched for a while. Heard me asking questions about when I was a kid... heard you answering. I... I kind of told them to leave. Anyway, you're fine now." She stood and turned her back, muttering, "I'll get you a glass of water."
And what kind of trees had metallic glints at the top?
"Bow your head," said Castiel. "Close... your eyes." His speech had obviously tired him out, and his voice was once again weak and whispery. But he still had that determined glint in his eye.
"But I've told you that multiple times, Dean," says Cas, frowning at him. "And most of the customers mentioned it too. Don't you remember?" (Sam has to elbow Dean in the ribs to keep him from snickering.) With a sigh, Cas adds, "At least you only have to pay for one room now. Though I'm afraid I'll be crowding you both."
"Oh!" said Cas, his eyes widening, as if something had come clear. He started shaking his head. "Oh, no, no, no. I see, no, you've had hold of it wrong. It's not five different realms. It's five different
For most of the drive Jimmy worried over how to broach this topic in the most comforting way.
Straight guys (at least, the ones who weren't freaked out by the very idea) would either just laugh with a
," Sam clarifies. "Seriously, dude. Every time. Don't take any risks."
It was obviously a joke — Dean was grinning as he said it, and Sam just rolled his eyes. But Castiel gave Dean a rather shocked look, and then he reached his left hand right in through the open window and gripped Sam by his near shoulder, even putting his head half in the window again just to look Sam right in the eyes.
Sam knew what this must be about, too.
Dean knows this is unlikely, but now he can't help seeing the tantalizing vision in his mind of how it might play out: Dean waking Cas and telling him the news that alula-feathers have the power of healing, and Cas somehow not knowng this. He'd be skeptical, maybe, but he'd be hopeful too. He'd look up at Dean with his eyes wide. He'd scramble to his feet and they'd both run straight to Cas's bedroom, where Cas would scoop the feather out of his dresser-drawer and...
, he said to Dean.
He found no "shirt tag at camp", whatever that was. But he did find a couple things. The first was a Montana Fish & Wildlife badge, very obviously fake now that Jimmy got a close look at it. It had the name "George Bailey" and a blurry picture of Not-George. Jimmy studied the photo for several long moments.
"I meant," Claire said, still inspecting her fingernails, "Like, what if she'd lied to him." She was taking a long time inspecting her nails. "Wouldn't that make her a bad person? Like, really bad?"
"Yes, it appears so," said Cas evenly, gaze still directed at his knees. "Such bonds, once formed, do not break. And it seems they don't even weaken. Even if... well, even if it would be better if they did."
"No, I just saw the mammoth," said Dean, leaning over to catch his breath.
"Yeah, that's a Bryce Canyon specialty," says Dean, now grinning in relief. "Paid extra for that just to entertain you. Grand Canyon mules never fart at all."
, Dean repeated to himself, dozens of times over the next hour.
Together they watched the brightening sky.
"I guess," said Dean, feeling similarly lost. He glanced outside the teepee's big canvas-flap door at the wide bubbling stream outside. The Impala was parked right nearby, just a few yards from the stream. "Hey... you wanna hang outside for a bit?" Dean said. "You know, by the Impala?"
"You can eat
, Dean realizes.
Dean finally relaxed a little.
Two of them had been placed about two paces apart in a little line between the bed and the bathroom door. Those had been marking a path to the bathroom, hadn't they? A third chair had been positioned halfway from the bed to the kitchenette sink.
But Cas only gave a tiny nod. He had his ears pricked forward now, studying what was ahead of him, but he kept going straight. Straight toward the lightning.
Dean edges closer.
"Assuming his fever ever breaks and he actually makes it three more days."
She wasn't an Impala, of course; that was just a joke. She was just an ancient Suburban. But she was a good truck. And what Dean had said to Sam was true: up here, trucks mattered.
"Dude, stay down," said Dean, setting one hand on his shoulder. "Seriously. Stay down a minute." But Cas gave him a reassuringly alert look back, and reached up to pat Dean's hand — and to shove it slightly out of the way.
Gabriel shrugged again, explaining, "Went off to tape up Balthazar a bit more, you know, slap a band-aid or two on him, and we got to chatting, had a cup of tea, a little heart-to-heart, and we've been thinking. You know what we realized? It'll really suck pretty bad for us if Raphael wins this battle."
, thought Dean, drawing a slow, ragged breath.
There was a little pause.
"You seriously bought us a chest freezer?" Dean says. It's a great idea — he's wondering now why he'd never thought of it himself.
"Foosball," Dean muttered. "Foosball and karaoke."
Dean hesitated, confused.
Sam had found a couple of levers set into the walls. They were so blackened from the dark dust that they'd been almost unnoticeable, but when Sam poured some of his water bottle on them and scrubbed them a bit with the edge of his sleeve, a glint of brass came into view. Sam cleaned it all a little farther to reveal an ornate brass panel and a couple of levers.
Cas was still checking through the far corners of the rooms, saying, "Dean, I'm starting to suspect I may be experiencing some sort of premonition."
Dean could only nod, staring down now at the mixing bowls.
"We could watch a movie, maybe."
But he also learned that they were customers, only, and not friends. He learned not to ask their names if they didn't offer them, and not to ask anything about their lives. And he learned it could be a dangerous trade. He had to always be ready to defend himself. Fortunately he still had his angel-blade, and his old skills at hand-to-hand combat were, it turned out, rather helpful at times.
"Relic quest?" says Sam, looking back and forth between them.
By now Castiel seems to have resigned himself to the "Bright Angel" moniker, and he even starts eyeing the trail below with an air of possessiveness. "Let's walk on it a little bit," he suggests. "I'd like to see my trail firsthand."
"Yep," said Sam, looking up from the orisha book he'd been studying for the last hour. "I told Jason about it, last year, remember, and he rounded up a bunch of other hunters to help out that kid. I guess they had a busy couple months but finally got rid of the last of them. Chicago's supposedly been clean since then. Oh—" Sam peered ahead at a green exit sign that was approaching rapidly. "This is it. Right lane, this exit. Okay now, take a right at the bottom of the ramp..." Sam began reading directions from his phone. Directions to Marcos's place.
, he reminded himself.
. He got a clearer view as he sprinted up to its side. It turned its massive head and watched him.
Dean finally said, "Claire, I'm so sorry, I know this must be—"
, thought Dean.
"Goddammit, Sammy, I'm sorry..." he muttered, now under the impression that Sam was somewhere nearby. "It'll be th' new camp story, huh?'" he said. He laughed; his steps were slowing. "An' then he fell through th' ice, it's how all th' jokes go, Sammy, right? Lost my compass like a fucking
Actually, it was looking sort of iffy whether he'd get to Deadhorse at all.
But it turned out they hardly had any more flying to do; just ahead of them the swamp stopped. The fog was well behind them now, forming a ghostly ring all around, and there in the middle of the fog-ring, in the exact center of the endless swamp, was a perfectly round hill of green grass.
smile at the camera.
, it's late fall now and it's literally freezing out and Cas has
"Oh..." said Sam.
Yet Dean felt certain he was looking at an angel.
"And the prognosis," says Dean. "Don't forget the prognosis."
Dean hit Play again. Again Cas said, "Dean. Call me."
Say, in a certain bunker in Kansas.
Sam frowned at him. "You've never been up there. Like, ever. Not when Cas was here."
When they get back Sam's slicing up two nicely-done pizzas and Cas has even opened a few beers. (Cas isn't supposed to have any beer himself — something about the chemo and his liver — but he seems to take some pleasure in having a nice cold brew ready for Dean.) It's a nice dinner, Claire still bubbly with enthusiasm about the Thunderbird. She even calls Jody and Alex to tell them about it, and there's a pretty cheerful conversation between all of them on the speakerphone.
It was all starting to feel like spring. But spring in the Arctic was a two-steps-forward, one-step-back affair, and a few days after Dean had built the box, a blustery snow shower came rolling through camp just before dinner. Dean hovered by his computer in the office that afternoon waiting for the six p.m. National Weather Service weather update, hoping it wouldn't have the bold text and red font and capital letters that meant a serious blizzard. But when the six p.m. update finally posted, there was no red or bold, just a cautionary note. This storm was relatively minor. It would only drop two or three inches. Not catastrophic but, nonetheless, still qualifying as a decent spring snowstorm.
Along with that unmistakable hint of individual identity.
Cas has to know this. Cas must
"It's not too late for you, you know," says Sam, and Dean is struck dumb by this statement. Dean stares down at the sudsy pan with his mouth dry.
Dean couldn't contain his laughter then. Sam started laughing too.
"Only if you want," said Dean.
"So you just made all of Creation dependent on
"Then we g-gotta... um...." What exactly were they going to do? Dean felt so cold he could barely think. He stared blankly at another small cloud of breath vapor that he'd just exhaled. Was it really getting that cold?
The hill was a good thousand feet long, and Sam and Dean half-ran, half-slid down the long sloping side of the hill. Off to the side, far below them to the right, motion caught Dean's eye. He glanced over and realized a huge section of grass hundreds of feet long, a whole section of the flank of the hill, was somehow
Dean struggled to remember. Something about...
All at once Dean was running through a huge tangled forest, Sam running right beside him. It was night. Around them were vast dark trees, and overhead thousands and thousands of stars were glittering, cold and fierce. And all around in the shadows were dark moving shapes, but all Dean could do was run.
"... but, thing is, Dean, when I brought her that coffee we got into this conversation—"
Dean moved a little closer and looked at the man, whose attention seemed riveted on Hannah. The man's expression was an odd mixture of fear, awe, and... concern.
bringing him out in the cold, in this absolutely frigid winter, at HIGH ALTITUDE, marching poor Cas down and then back up the trail with no water at all like some sort of Bataan Death March,
He was looking toward Kupaluk.
"Cas, you're sure taking your sweet time, know that?" said Dean. "Listen, Cas, I know you can hear me. You heard Claire all those times without answering her... I know you heard me a lot too, but didn't always answer. Cause you're a jerk like that. Heh." Dean tried to laugh. "Listen, it's cool," he went on, suddenly worried he might be sounding too pushy. "I know sometimes you just can't answer, ’cause you're busy or... whatever. That's cool, it's really is, really, but Cas, I'm starting to wonder if you might've run into some snag—"
"Guess I really was dying," says Dean.
She repeated the whole message carefully. When she'd finished, the radio came alive with staticky replies. Shawn turned out to already be running from his lemming site toward the perimeter road, where he'd left his little pickup parked. The Cornell team piped up too, already on their way back from their southern site near Atigun — the change in the weather must have been obvious from miles away. A couple of truckers acknowledged as well, with professional-sounding "Copy that's," and "Wilco's" crackling over the radio.
Dean shook his head and turned to scuttle over to Cas, Sam hurrying along behind him.
It's not just Dean, though. The months of back-and-forth Denver-Kansas drives seem to have left all three of them itching for a happier road trip for once. A trip that doesn't have chemotherapy or enforced recuperation waiting at the end; but, instead, one that just carries them away to... somewhere else.
.... yes.... with appropriate preparation... there'd have to be some training... It might take some time, cautious approaches... Normally a soul as new as mine wouldn't even
me? Does the scope work?" He left the "tracking table" and made a beeline through the library toward the telescope at the back wall. Soon he was fiddling with the knobs on the side and peering through it. "Fuck, it
known what "gay" meant, then maybe—
Especially now that time seems so short.
At that point somebody says "Mr. Winchester?"
"Yes. And I have an idea." Cas grabs Dean's hips in both hands, and swallows Dean's cock right down, all the way down, in a smooth long motion that's so unexpected that Dean gasps. Cas's earlier blowjobs had been good, yes, but of course there had been that slight clumsiness and uncertainty (understandably). Now, his moves are gaining a surety, a strength, a confidence. Apparently he's been noticing what Dean likes — and it seems he isn't at all shy about putting his new knowledge to practice. He shifts his hands to Dean's ass and pulls hard, lips and tongue wrapped around him, deep-throating him. His nose bumps into Dean's belly. He's engulfed Dean's cock right down to the root, fingers gripping firmly into Dean's asscheeks.
Dean peered upwards to the top of the rock wall. A dark form was moving around, at first just another shadow among the shadows of the trees. It was doing something, wrestling with some kind of skinny flexible object. The dark form moved into the moonlight, and it was Castiel, and he was holding a rope.
Cas went into a weird stiff paralysis as this happened, gasping "No... " just once and then falling silent. The grace dribbled out, just a tiny little pathetic wisp of silvery light. It tried, briefly, to flow back into Cas's mouth, but Dean held one hand over Cas's mouth and the other over his nose (Cas seemed too stunned to even move). The grace nosed around at Cas's bloodied face for a moment, and then seemed to give up. It wafted away into the air and dissipated into a thin cloud of very faint little silver sparks, which floated upwards and were soon lost overhead, drifting out of the broken windows up to the sky.
The realization was terrifically unsettling. Dean tried to cover his confusion by volunteering to take care of the Rit Zien's body while Cas dealt with the baby's fever. The body actually took a lot of time to deal with, and Dean managed to get himself a little settled down during the long process of hauling it away and finding somewhere to dump it. It wasn't till after the Nora had shown up, past midnight, that Dean finally had another chance to talk to Cas.
Dean ground to a halt. He'd been intending to make a little speech about how they were all in it together. Maybe something about Three Musketeers, "all for one and one for all;" maybe something about the end of the world, maybe something about how if he only had Cas back for one day, then, risks be damned, Dean was going to spend that day
Dean was shoveling like a robot now, shovelful after shovelful in an unceasing rhythm. He didn't say a word as Sam joined him. The sun was setting now; the last rays of sunlight slanted over the hill as the two brothers filled in Castiel's grave.
Grace.
"Give or take a foot," says Sam, grinning.
when the sinners here in Hell began to talk like that. As if they had any right to forgive! As if Dean were doing something wrong! As if it weren't all their own fault for sinning in the first place! So the instant the sinner-angel began that line of talk, Dean belted him hard across the face with the butt of the shotgun. The sinner-angel nearly choked, spat out a mouthful of blood, and couldn't seem to talk much after that.
think?"
"Cas?" he murmured.
But Cas whispers back, "Love you too."
"They're only from California, though," said Dean, lacing his fingers together and looking only at Sam. "For some reason, papayas from Panama aren't super common on the arctic tundra. But we do have California oranges."
"And who'd control the research?"
He tossed the daisies down by the side of the path. "Sorry," he said, turning back to Dean. "Didn't mean to slow you down."
. Cas would fly in...
Sam set the knife to his scarred palm and glanced up at Dean. "Ready?"
Dean shoved the phone in his pocket, planning to study the strange photo later once he was on the plane. "What are you lazy asses up to?" Dean asked, heading to the coffee machine to get his own cup of coffee. "You all taking the day off?"
Dean scuttled backwards in shock as he took in the awful sight. The poor guy's arms had been pinned to a horizontal beam by—good god, were those
, dudes, and I heard that Cas was up, and I really only wanted to say, soup's ready."
They drove straight through the night, and all the next day, and into the next night, swapping driving shifts every few hours. They stopped only for gas and snacks.
"I thought I already saw the three things," protested Dean, with a chuckle.
Cas narrows his eyes. "Even the fellatio?"
"Oh god Dean, what happened to him, holy fuck," Sam said, his hands shaking as he tried to pull Dean's hands off of Cas. "What happened, let me see,
"Yup. Though... if this is gonna work I have to find his car and make sure it's roadworthy." Dean checked his phone. "We've still got an hour and a half to kill, so how about I'll go look for it. It can't be too far away. His journal said he parked it by a library, and it's gotta be a library that's walking distance from here."
But the truth is that it's a relief. This Week 1 ordeal that's rolling down upon Cas, this "three days of chemo in a row" thing, is a frightening unknown. It's been making Dean's stomach hurt all over again even just to think of it, and it's a genuine relief to know the medical team'll be right here.
"Cas, there are these things called anti-emetics," Dean says, still keeping his hand where it is. "Anti-vomiting pills. They're supposed to help. Didn't they give you any?"
he diagnoses. It's a familiar pattern. There've been quite a few times before in Dean's life when he's had trouble sleeping. The worst times tend to include this early-morning awakening, hours before dawn. If he tries to stay in bed he just ends up lying there for a few pointless hours, thinking endlessly through half-formed plans and untested strategies, mentally debating one uncertain option after another. Trying to solve the problem.
"If I didn't have this stupid quarantine mask on, I'd kiss you," Sam says.
Ever since the dream he'd been thinking of himself, privately, as "Cas" and not as "Jimmy." Which didn't really make sense at all. For his legal name was indeed Jimmy Novak. He was definitely Claire Novak's father, for one thing; and also, "Jimmy Novak" was the name on his driver's license, on his medical bills, and on all his other paperwork.
. Humans. Mortal life. All the appealing experiences.
I should've," said Claire in a rush. "I know that. I
Self-care meant solo, of course, and solo meant a certain amount of creative imagination was required. Dean usually kept some favorite old videos on his phone, but ever since the phone had died Dean had been limited to good old-fashioned fantasizing. This had turned out not to be a limitation in the least. As it happened, a certain recent image, of a certain bird guy naked in an icewater pool, had continued to dominate the mental spank-bank video pool a little bit. Well, more than a little bit. Pretty much every recent jerk-off session had started with Dean reliving that one brief memory. The icewater-pool image had even spun off some sequels. Purely hypothetical sequels, of course, with hypothetical plots and lots of slo-mo technicolor detail and completely imaginary close-ups. Sometimes it all felt a little borderline — the "no" issue had really been quite firmly settled, and Dean had never been one before to get lost in fantasies that could never become reality. Yet somehow he'd let himself run the "sequels"  to their natural conclusions, once or twice. (Or three or four times. Or five or six.)
used to, either. Or where he was. Or who he was. Or anything, really. He seemed just a speck of consciousness wedged into an unfamiliar body; he could feel sheets under his body, a comforter on top, a pillow under his head, but it all seemed bizarrely alien. Even his sense of direction, normally so impeccable, was adrift. Was he inside or outside? Where was the door? What was around him? Where was north, where was the sky,
There was still no reply, not even an answering crackle of static. The flame-red Mercedes (which was, impossibly, completely free of mud) drew closer and slowed for the turn. It maneuvered neatly off the Haul Road and onto the Kupaluk driveway. It had to be Sam and Ruby.
Dean showers and dresses first. Cas seems momentarily occupied with checking on the little houseplant, which is still back in his room (he then even carries it off to the shower with him, apparently convinced that it may want a morning shower too). With Cas busy with plant care, Dean heads off to the kitchen, planning to make a batch of coffee, but as he nears the kitchen he catches the aroma of some coffee that's already brewing. Sam must have been up for a couple hours already; probably he's heard them showering and made a fresh pot.
"The cranberry sauce is out of a can, sorry," says Sam. "And the gravy's from a jar."
"I don't know," said Sam. "Here, step down—"
"I'd rather spend it on you."
For a moment the only sound was a soft night wind, whispering outside through the dried grasses at the edge of the road.
"But you swear they're still
"Thunderbird," she repeats. "You're a thunderbird. That's what you are. I couldn't figure it out at first."
Just to get to see him in the moonlight at all, year after year after year, would be wonderful.
"Okay, so," says Sam, "So, you guys'll take off at ten in a taxi, and I'll check us out here, and I'll have the Impala and I'll go pick up all this stuff at Target, and check in to the other motel, and I'll set out Cas's pillows and things, and uh... wait for you guys to get there, I guess. And Dean, you'll text me when you're on your way. Right?"
Jimmy had wondered, sometimes, if it were normal to wake with this sort of thought running repeatedly through his mind, or if it was some consequence of the accident. He'd tried, a few months ago, to ask the school counselor about it. He'd said, a bit hesitantly, "Do people usually wake up feeling sort of... lost? But there's a sentence repeating in your mind to remind you what to do?"
"This is one of the new ones, right?" asked Dean, glancing at Cas.
"Doing
Dean frowns at him. "You gonna abandon me or something? But, Sam— " (he gestures expansively around the Gas-n-Sip)" —this kingdom could all be yours."
Cas has turned back to the table, where the folded wad of blue fabric is still sitting. "To be perfectly honest," he says, "there's nothing I would like better. But... I do have another commitment, unfortunately." He picks up the blue fabric and shakes it out.
By dawn Dean was back at the top of the hill.
Long minutes slide by.
"That'd actually be kinda great," says Dean. "But you don't have to, you know."
The brothers had even joked, a couple times, about the bird guy Castiel "sending the wolf". Late on Sunday evening at the dining hall, while Dean was re-telling the whole story yet again for a newly arrived ecology grad student, Sam said, "I should have specified that I wanted to see a wolf
"I think so, yes, I—"
Dean thought.
For lack of any better ideas, Dean just keeps carrying the book around. And sometimes, late at night, he flips it open and re-reads a chapter or two.
Dean could only look at him.
One slow nod. Her face was still hidden.
The word is extremely hard to say.
The back-seat ambience finally began to lull him to sleep again, as it had last night. The soft feel of Cas's feather under his hand... the dim flickering of route 395's occasional streetlights through the dark t-shirt over his eyes... the roar of the engine, the rumble of the tires.
Dean burst out again, this time in a shout, slamming his hand hard into the bumper. Then he caught himself, and took a breath. He felt around the bumper a few more times to be absolutely sure the key was gone, and then he stood, calmly, and dusted off his knees. It wouldn't help to lose his temper.
Sam shrugs; he clearly doesn't have any answers, and in fact he looks a little worried too.
Now Cas asks, "Dean? It is the right thing, isn't it?" He's waiting for Dean's response.
"But the chemo
"So... what are you going to do?" says Sam. "Just swinging by to say hi, or do you want to stay a while?"
"It's just a turkey breast and not the whole turkey," Sam points out.
"Like... what exactly?" Dean is starting to understand where Sam is going with this, but, stubbornly, he doesn't want to be convinced.
, thinks Dean, turning on the water full blast. The water's cold (apparently this room shares the same plumbing as Cas's) but Dean steps right into the icy blast, gritting his teeth.
dad." With that, she pushed her chair back from the table, stormed away into her room, and slammed the door.
"Cas," Dean finished, gazing out at the rain. "I'm gonna rescue you." One of his hands drifted up to the breast pocket of his flannel shirt, where the little black feather was still tucked away, safe and sound. (Somehow Dean had once again neglected to put it back on the bookshelf.) Dean patted his pocket as he said, "Cas, I'm gonna rescue you from Hell. Like you did for me."
"That better?" asks Dean, still unsure why Cas needs to see the clock for himself.
Dean paused a moment, glancing around. Listening.
The beacon; the longing; the kite-string. It had flared up, very faintly. But even as he turned around it disappeared again.
"Can't believe I found you," Dean said. "Can't believe it... Cas... I mean... Cas, I...." Then Dean couldn't keep his eyes open any longer. The world seemed to warp then, as Dean fell into a dream in which Cas, in his human vessel, was arranging a nest of extremely soft, downy feather-comforters all around Dean.
Cas colors a little, and swallows, but he nods. "I hope you don't mind. I just... well, since I couldn't get back to sleep, I thought I might try to capture this image while it was still fresh in my head. It's nothing much." He folds his arms over the wad of blanket that's still rolled up around his waist, frowning at the drawing. "Just a view in the dark. I woke up last night for a little while and I just happened to have this angle for a little bit. Just for a few minutes. I didn't want to wake you." His initial shyness seems to be evaporating; now he seems to be caught up in evaluating the drawing, and soon he's virtually scowling at it. "It's not quite right though. It's missing something. I haven't captured it...."
"Yeah, I think," says Dean. He fiddles with the volume again. The static gets softer as Dean turns the knob, and then louder as he turns it the other way, but it's still just static. "Don't know. I think so. I just wish I could hear him breathing or something."
It was simply unbearable to realize how fast they'd gotten back on their feet, how fast they'd reverted to their usual separated lives, how soon they were going to walk away from each other. Dean couldn't stand it, and he lunged a step closer and grabbed Cas's shoulders, swinging him around.
?" He waved one arm at the La-Z-Boy. "He was hanging out here in his recliner, saw the entire friggin' universe fraying to pieces, thought, oh, I'll just slap a
"Not really," said Dean, shaking his head, flipping the bag closed again.
What if he's in a
"The — the circles are collapsing," said Crowley. His face had even gone a little pale.
"I'm full," said Dean.
, thought Cas one night.
"Angels!" said Dean. "Angels, Cas!" Cas gave a snort of fire this time, accompanied by a sort of body-wide flinch and a little flap. Gabriel, flying nearby, did almost exactly the same thing: a cough of fire and a flurry of startled little flaps.
Dean lets out a shaky sigh. His teeth are still chattering, he's still shuddering all over, the hot water bottles have gone cold, his chest still feels like it's been stomped on by an elephant, he can barely control his hands and he can hardly even talk. But Castiel is holding his hand, and at
Dean said, a little at random, "So you're doing own research here, aren't you? Bird stuff?" He winced at the phrase as soon as it was out of his mouth.
Cas nods, saying, "You do have a smoky odor. Go on ahead and shower. I'll do the pizza dishes."
Sam turned from his horizon-scanning to give Dean a curious look, and glanced down at the phone in Dean's hand. "Don't tell me you've got
"You can roll up the sleeves easily?" repeats Dean, a little skeptical. The sweater, and the hat too, are both just so...
Worlds upon worlds, full of meadows and oceans and cities... peaceful forests.... beloved homes.
"Well... I've been..." Jimmy began.
How soon after potentially hazardous hypothermia was it allowable to hit on a guy?
the gate, actually — Mount Shasta was big, and Dean wasn't at all sure he'd be able to figure out where exactly on the mountain it was before Sam caught up. On that front, Dean was also planning to call Marcos at daybreak, to ask him if the "Shango" character might have any more cryptic orisha hints. Shango had been the orisha who'd dropped the into-the-fire clue originally, of course, so he probably knew where the gate was, right?
"So... I kinda had some odd dreams, too, actually," said Dean. Sam looked at him sharply, and Dean took a breath to start describing everything he remembered of the odd dreams. (Well, everything except certain details of the Cas dream.)
Dean took a bigger breath and started over:
When Dean woke the next morning he'd long overslept his alarm. It was ten a.m. already, and he'd already missed two hours of his work shift. It was the best he'd slept in days.
Dean had frozen most of Cas's wild blueberries, hoping for some bright ideas about something worthy to do with them. He rose, now, dumped his empty coffee mug in the dirty-dishes bin, and went to the kitchen, where he found Teddy Bear prepping several huge trays of rosemary-coated chicken breasts for dinner.
with Dean Winchester.
"Cas," Dean whispered, aloud, into the crook of his own elbow.
"Nice to see you too," she tosses back over her shoulder. But she's laughing a little. Dean shoos her down the stairs, laughing at her, and then steps outside for a moment, wanting to take a quick look at her beater car. The car really looks like a wreck. He pauses in front of it, already cataloguing its safety faults — the tires look way too bare, and he's willing to bet it hasn't had a tune-up in some time. He's thinking maybe he'll pull it into the garage and give it a once-over to make sure the thing doesn't totally blow up on poor Claire.
, thought Dean.Then, the very moment he had he decided not to ask any more questions, he heard himself ask "Should I put it back?" He had to roll his eyes at himself, and he said, "
world that also has the cancer and the chemo?
He lay dry-eyed for hours, curled on his side, staring vacantly into the dark, holding Cas's alula-feather in his hand. He never even got around to changing his clothes for bed; he just curled up on his bed in his jeans and t-shirt.
Then he said, "Could I stay for... several days? Just till... I'm better? I don't... eat much...."
Dean closed his eyes, and his face went blank again.
Dean thought, still in disbelief as he gently stroked the first few inches of one particularly huge feather.
He turns toward Dean then. They're standing just a couple feet apart , and it's almost overwhelming to meet Cas's gaze directly, face to face, from so close. And it's overwhelming, as well, to see the regret and the sorrow so clear in his face. "I don't have much time, Dean. I have to accept that," Cas says.
Dean's already cruising over to him, closing the distance between them with long strides. Sam's right at his side. Cas still has his back to them and hasn't seen them yet.
He found he could read the runes. He recognized six in particular. Three, he knew, meant "Most" and "Important" and "Thing".
"Yeah, I think you forgot something else there, in that plan too," said Dean.
"Well, I'm gonna say it a bunch more times," said Dean.
Last of all came Sam and Ruby.
Ryan took all this in slowly. He could still hear crackling from the clouds overhead, and his hair was still standing on end, so he stayed low. He wriggled around to look over his shoulder at the parking lot, where the pillars of lightning bolts had coalesced.
"Dirty minds, all of you," Dean commented to the birds spiraling around happily overhead. He added to them, with a grin, "Not that there's
"What's wrong?" Cas demands.
, and I don't even know how to count that one up. Creation is going to be eaten up, from crown to core—" (Dean had no idea what this phrase meant, or how he knew it; it had just surfaced in his mind, his arm itching furiously all the while.) "And it is
Dean had to put one hand over his mouth then, and choke down a taste of bile. Just from the memory.
Now and then Dean muttered "Cas," coming half-awake, his hands tightening around Cas momentarily. Each time Castiel kissed him and said, "I'm okay, Dean," and held him close, until Dean drifted off again.
God's iPad was still beeping.
Alone in his room, curled up in his bed, Jimmy finally had the chance to do something he'd been waiting for all night: Look up "Agent George Bailey", and his brother Harry.
"I really gotta get up tomorrow," she said. "I've got my friends to go hang out with, remember? We've got that hockey game."
Cas doesn't need too much convincing. He's going limp all over. "Still want your cock, too, though," he mutters. "Later, I mean...."
"But he'll get all dirty," whispered Sam. "You just got him all cleaned up."
And now Dean's gotten a mental image of all the suitcases that they're both lugging around by now.
Hannah frowned down at the complex little sketches. "Whatever could he have meant by that? That's... odd. Very odd. Nobody can view the Crown. Only God can view the Crown. Well, God and the guardians." She picked up the pad of paper for a closer look.
Dean said, as calmly as he could, "You mean, like... take over?"
So they spent the whole afternoon driving around the mountain, going up and down little side roads and looking at the multitudes of mountain cabins and vacation rentals that were scattered all around.
It was partly because of worrying about Sam. Sam and that damn Ruby.
, of course, I don't need to touch the original location of the tumor, and I think we're both thankful about
Soon afterwards the sinner-angel started drifting into a delirium. He seemed to be losing his edge; his eyes were unfocusing. Dean looked around, puzzled; had the sinner-angel been losing extra blood somewhere? He finally glanced at the wrists and swore. There was blood dripping from the hafts of both blades. The blades hadn't been angled exactly right, and had been slowly cutting through the bones and muscle of the arms. The sinner-angel had been losing more blood than Dean had realized. Dammit.
"No.... didn't get any on me..." Dean gasps. "Pretty sure. Got gloves, see?" He looks at the blue exam gloves on his hands; they seem intact. He tries again to stand, but why is the room spinning so much? Why can't he seem to stand up? "What's wrong with me?" he mutters to Cas.
grief, though?
"That was the idea," said Jimmy.
Sam couldn't even respond.
," he orders. "Brush them
Sam has shifted to updating Cas on the English-girl story (they'd given him quick summaries in the car, but he hasn't really heard the details yet). Cas once again starts bemoaning his carelessness in "letting" himself get banished, and then Sam and Cas slide into a half minute or so of arguing about which of them is more at fault. Dean's watching all this from the side, bemused, and he finally has to wade in with " "IT'S THE ENGLISH CHICK'S FAULT. It's
Or...
"Yeah, and is fluent in Enochian too, and can recognize a Rit Zien in like two seconds, and cupids and weapons of Heaven and who knows how many other things—"
fast, to a bank of open elevator doors. Dean stumbles out of the chopper and tries to follow, but he's blocked by an extremely annoying orderly along with one of the EMTs, who has also suddenly become extremely annoying, because the two of them are efficiently blocking Dean's every move toward Cas. They're insisting that Dean "let the professionals do their job; it's best for him."
Cas must be in the bathroom. Alone.
Gas-n-Sip, practically at the state border? Dean's been driving at least two hours. They're almost out of the state.
It was an absolutely incredible sight.
have a weird knife?" Dean gasped to Cas.
It's been quite a few years since Dean's last seen it, though. But it's just as good as he remembers. He and Sam laugh like crazy through the opening parts of the movie, genuinely enjoying every scene as the Steve Martin character gets diverted to the wrong airport during a snowstorm. It becomes clear that he's going to be stuck for the night with a very annoying travel partner. The humor's broad enough and universal enough that even Cas seems to be getting all the jokes, and Dean's delighted to find that it all holds up pretty well.
"But you can even
Dean hesitates, looking around at the chattering crowds of people. They're mostly in family groups, usually with one adult manning an overloaded cart while others dart off on special errands. Small kids are zooming around, sent off on targeted single-ingredient missions to hunt down missing items like butter or flour, while other people are going all the way to the kitchen section to grab the last of the pie plates and roasting pans, or to the fabrics area to get extra towels for all their houseguests.
When he picked up the vial now, he felt only a warm, delicious buzzing in his hand.
"Those two couldn't coordinate their way out of a paper bag if the entire planet depended on it," Dean agrees. "It's a frickin' miracle they didn't blow the whole damn sun out. I'd bet a thousand bucks that neither of them bothered to check with the other about what they were each gonna do to Cas. I mean, maybe he
"Most definitely," says Cas.
He could only go very slowly, and he still seemed to need to sit down and rest about every twenty feet. Sam even went and grabbed a chair and started carrying it along with them. Across the garage they went, down the steps, into the bunker, through the kitchen. Down the hall to the bedrooms. Sam opened a door.
"I believe that was a resurrection," Castiel said. His wings finally relaxed a little, and all three of them cautiously lifted their heads, looking around. Cas looked very grim; he was looking over toward camp. "That sort of pillar of lightning isn't a normal storm," he said. "I think Raphael just resurrected an old vessel. A very old vessel."
They were buried in the changeless silvery fog for so long that, despite the persistent sensation of acceleration, Dean began to wonder if they were actually moving anywhere at all, or whether they could be simply hovering in place just above the mountain-lake where they'd started. But finally Cas shifted his wing-angle very slightly and began maneuvering toward the outside of the flare. They went through another very bouncy layer of turbulence, but at last the cloud-cover above them began to thin, and thin further, till the top of Cas's head — and his back, where Dean and Sam were — began to poke free of the fog into the boundary-layer of clearer air.
"Not at all," said Claire. "Just his jacket and yours. On the same hanger. In the friggin'
Understanding dawned.
Sam said, "If anybody can hold his own against Elegua, it's Gabe."
"Damn straight you will," Dean echoes, trying to sound more confident than he feels. "You'll fly again, T-Bird, for sure. Someday."
Dean laughed. Sam just said, "Crappy security. Way too guessable. Look—" He pointed down to a Gmail app at the bottom, which had an incredibly long red number at the top of its little icon. "Looks like God has over three trillion unread emails," said Sam, and suddenly Dean and Sam couldn't stop laughing. Cas squinted at them curiously.
Cas just shrugged. "He had more important things to worry about. Anyway, when we got back to Earth we were snapped to different locations, as you know. I realized you two had ended up on Mount Shasta — I heard your prayers, Dean — but I wound up plunging into Lake Erie. In my true form, in the Earthly plane, and with absolutely no power left at all." He took another sip of coffee, a contemplative expression coming over his face. "It's interesting, really.... I think it implies that my true home
"...Full speed ahead," finished Sam.
important thing. Not till very recently.
, precisely, the very same shade of blue.
"—ter One, Hunter One, this is Blackb—"
"You're gonna need ammo, food, clothes," said Dean. "Right? Motel bills. Salt. Holy-oil. Gas. Your sister probably needs med supplies, right? Painkillers, crutches, sutures. Paying docs under the table now and then. All that stuff costs."
"Front door," Dean said, pushing his chair back. "That's the front door. That's the front door. That's the sound of a key in the front door."
Everything's great.
There'd been a lot of good moments. But nothing topped the wolf on the pier. The rest of camp had all been regaled with the story several times by now, and all agreed it was the wolf-encounter to top all wolf-encounters. Sam couldn't stop talking about it.
"All right, buddy," said Dean. He gave Cas another pat on the nose, saying, "You better rest then. And... that really
"He loved me," said Dean, waving one hand aimlessly in the air. "He said so. Last year."
Then Dean pushed at Cas's shoulder, rolling Cas onto his back, and said, "Other wing. Stretch that baby out." Cas stretched out the left wing obediently (and rather eagerly, truth be told), and Dean began kissing his way along that wing too, kneading the wing-muscles with his hands too as he worked his way along.
"I'm starting to get an idea," says Dean.
Castiel slowly raises his eyes to Sam.
Cas let the alulas settle back down on his wing.
Two of the white chairs were sitting side-by-side in the very center of the room, empty, facing the hearth. Over by the far wall were three men sitting on more of the white plastic chairs. Each man was dressed all in white, and each was leaning his elbows or resting his hands casually on a waist-high wooden drum. The drums looked something like skinny congas that had been laced with an elaborate arrangement of ropes and wooden pegs. All three drums — like the men, and like Marcos— had been swathed in white fabric.
Sam somehow still had the tattered backpack, the one he'd been carrying through the whole adventure; Dean had noticed the strap when he'd clapped Sam on the shoulder. Sam shrugged it off to hand it over. Sam's half-burned shirt, which was only an assemblage of tatters at this point, finally fell apart completely as the pack came off. Several of the charred remnants fluttered to the ground, including most of the front, all that was left of the back, and an entire shirt-sleeve. It left Sam wearing only his hiking boots, a pair of jeans that had been burned into something like shorts, and nothing else but half of a flannel shirt-sleeve on one arm and a charred shirt-collar around his neck, the shirt-collar only held on by a single button at the front.
to tell him. "Just a finger, I swear. I wasn't sure, but it was Christmas Eve, and it seemed okay, and, he, he, he wanted, he wanted...." At this point Dean's voice is shaking so much that he has to stop talking.
hadn't come back.
Dean stood, breathing hard, and looked down at him, flipping the angel-blade around in his hand. One quick blow and the irritating angel would at last be dead.
Eventually he found a scattering of more of the rainbow feathers. Emerald, scarlet, turquoise... all torn loose.
five days in quite some time."
Dean's voice got fainter as the hours dragged by, till Sam was just catching the occasional little warble or muttered scrap of lyrics. Near dawn Dean fell silent, and every time Sam looked in the back seat after that, Dean was staring to the side, out the window, his eyes vacant.
"And the back of his neck," Dean says.
And, Dean felt sure, Cas had never wanted to be around him since.
that I'd failed. But, Dean, that moment on the trail....It was neither of those." Cas lets out a long sigh. His fingers start slowly tracing their way over Dean's face. "It was perfect. It was such a beautiful place, and I was
Or rather, he tried to jump to his feet and run after Cas, still clutching the spotted fur around his waist and the bigger one around his shoulders. What actually happened was that his still-slightly-numb feet didn't move as quickly as he'd planned, and he pitched right over, falling right onto his face on the floor. He wasn't hurt — he'd landed on a particularly plush tiger-striped floor-fur, with his two other furs still tucked around him — but he was forced to give up the attempt to chase down Cas.
It had felt like coming home.
I began dropping paired references into the fic, always pairing a mention of Heaven or Hell with a corresponding NASA announcement. Hannah says the Darkness is attacking the Sun, and NASA says there are a lot of sunspots on the Sun. Later, Hannah mentions the Darkness has been "confined to the interior of Heaven", and right after that there's another NASA announcement that "the sun has gone blank" and all the sunspots have disappeared. Crowley mentions that the River Styx is draining, and in that same chapter there's a NASA announcement that the asteroids in the asteroid belt are starting to vanish; Crowley says the Gate of Hell is collapsing and NASA says the Great Red Spot is shrinking. (Side note: The Great Red Spot actually IS shrinking, and the sunspot cycle has gone really wonky recently.)       Finally, all the little mini-realms like Oz and Faerie, which had always kind of bothered me about Superantural's cosmos (they don't seem to fit well into the Heaven-Hell mythos) can then be assigned to various little moons and asteroids. This gives a lot of room for interesting little mini-realms without challenging the dominance of Heaven. I won't go further into my mapping of realms onto planets because it's a relatively minor part of the fic, but imagine my delight this week when the discovery of a new Planet X was announced! :)
He picked up the pace as much as he could on the rough terrain, clambering steadily over what had become a very bumpy white snowfield. Twice he paused at a pink flag to take another read on the compass. At the second of these flags, as he stood peering at the little compass, he felt a shiver run over his shoulders. A strong shiver. A shudder, really. And then the shivering settled in steadily. His heart sank: shivering meant he was losing heat. He was getting chilled. The only things keeping him at all warm were the little bit of food and the fact that he'd been scrambling so fast over the tussocks. This wouldn't last. For one thing, he had no more food. And the more chilled he got, the more slowly he'd go, until the exercise would be unable to warm him up at all.
He looked over toward the spot where it had happened.
Sam just gives him a very confused look, and Dean says, "I'll go make the popcorn." As soon as Sam turns his attention back to the screen Dean scampers out of the room. The half-hard-on has pretty much vanished by now anyway, wilting away in the flood of confusion that's running through Dean now, but Dean takes some pains to keep his back to Sam nonetheless.
Sam went first, clambering up onto Cas's huge neck (which was a good four feet in diameter, covered with sleek neck-plumes that made it look even larger). He scrambled up to the top and tottered his way along it, arms stretched out as if he were making his way along a balance beam, till he got up to Cas's torso. Cas's torso was a little farther off the ground, a good ten feet up or so, and as Sam reached Cas's shoulder area he had to pull his way up by the long feathers of Cas's neck ruff, yanking the feathers all out of position in the process. Cas squeezed his eyes shut and his wings twitched, but he made no audible complaint.
He'd snuck out, after waiting till Sam had fallen asleep.
Sam leaned over the mystifyingly vague "Earth" map again. It didn't really look at all like Earth - it had no continents marked, and no latitude or longitude lines. It just had an oval with a bunch of Cas's strange little symbols, some connected with lines or arrows. Each had a careful dot marking its exact position, and was labeled with a mystifying little rune-like symbol drawn precisely in black ink. And also a tiny notation in pencil.
"Pretty bleak, huh?" Dean ventured at last, as they drove on. "That what you're thinking? I promise you, though, once green-up hits you'll be amazed how different it looks—"
And then those strange summer months, thinking Cas was drifting away. And Dean left behind in Kansas, finally,
happen, that can't be avoided. From little annoyances, like the irritatingly long wait to get checked in, to the minor pain of getting the IV's started, then the hours of chemo, then shifting to the Chemo Motel where they will spend another awful Monday night together, and another awful Tuesday morning... finally the exhausted Tuesday evening when Cas will mostly be sleeping... then, coaxing a wobbly Castiel back into the Impala late on Wednesday for the long drive home. (Where there'll hopefully be a brief respite — Jody, Claire and Alex have promised to be there waiting for them yet again, with another round of hot meals, freshly made beds and moral support.) It all has to happen. At least Thursday will be easier this week (or so Cas says) but even so, Week 2 is still a heavy burden.
The sleetstorm changed into snow, soon producing thin, swirling veils of white that blew around dramatically but that didn't do much to actually cover anything. The road was still very bumpy, but it was firming up as it re-froze, and soon they were making better time. The terrain started changing too, the flat tundra around them slowly bunching up into wide rolling hills. Eventually a line of high sandy ridges came into view on the far side of the road.
"DTF after all, huh?" said Dean. He raised one hand, still in disbelief, and set it on Cas's shoulder. It was a trial move; it was, really, a question. Castiel didn't pull back. He was still staring into Dean's eyes — and, now and then, glancing down at Dean's lips.
The tableau holds for a moment, Dean watching Cas watching Sam watching Sarah (all while Sarah, oblivious to all this, continues typing in notes on the little computer). Dean gently shifts in his chair, trying to angle himself so that he can watch Sam too without it being too obvious.
start breathing on your own. You
Cas stared at the twenty-dollar bill in Taylor's hand, his thoughts moving as slowly as molasses.
And the looming cloud of Darkness was blown back too. All the way down the tunnel and completely out of view.
Cas hesitates. A slightly alarmed look crosses his face, like he's just realized he's let a secret slip. "Yes," he says cautiously. He shuffles a little, puts his feet down on the floor and sits up a bit, no longer looking as relaxed. He takes a very small handful of the popcorn from the bowl next to him, just a couple of kernels, but then just fiddles with the kernels without eating them.
Dean never was sure later how long it had all lasted. They turned out to be fairly evenly matched, Dean's partial resurgence of Mark-like power just about equalling Cas's weakened little grace, and they ended up scuffling on the ground for a surprisingly long time. Dean was heavier and taller and had a longer reach, and Cas couldn't seem to heal his leg, all of which should have given Dean an advantage, but Cas turned out to be just full of unfair squirrelly little grappling tricks. He was even somehow managing to put up a better fight than he had that day in the library. In fact, Cas should probably have won except for the fatal flaw that Cas was still too goddam wimpy or weak-willed or whatever to kill Dean when he had the chance. No less than
"Cause it seems like we ought to run out of air this high up, shouldn't we?"
Cas is grunting now. His breath's starting to heave, his feet thrashing in the sheets.
"Damn, that was a dark ending," commented Sam. Dean turned to him to find that Sam was pecking away at his phone.
'Worried,' maybe.
Sam gave him a long look, and finally he tiptoed away.
But Dean could only moan.
word come from? What were these thoughts about "vessel maintenance?"
Dean pauses at the sight, almost unbalanced by the sudden swell of warmth that runs through him. Cas turns his head, and their eyes meet. A soft smile slides onto Cas's face, but he doesn't say anything (and neither does Dean). Cas just reaches out a hand, and Dean walks closer and takes it.
Dean tore his gaze away from the strange pile of dark clouds, and he broke into a sprint again, headed for the Chevy, backpack and shotgun case thumping against his back. He had to get to Topaz. He had to.
But Claire just nods. She says, "I know. I meant, I'll be here to help. You don't have to show me the car stuff, Dean, we can do that the week after. Or some other time." To Cas she adds, "Don't worry, you don't have to be social or tell me stories or give me battle tips or anything. I just meant, I'll have your beds made up, I can help with laundry, and I can run to the drugstore and stuff like that, and shopping, and, y'know, I could make some meals. I'm not a bad cook— Jody's awesome at that and she's been showing me all her best recipes. Maybe, um..." She's looking at Cas again. "Maybe you can give me some tips on stuff you might wanna eat? I know chemo's tricky that way."
Sam and Jason soon headed off to the Lebanon bus stop, taking one of the other cars. As they were about to leave, Sam gave Dean one of his trademark worried-and-exhausted looks. Dean knew what it meant, and said, "I'm gonna go shopping, Sammy. See ya in a few hours." Sam nodded, still obviously a little anxious, but he finally headed off with Jason.
"Ooo,
And then came a completely unexpected sound — and a bad one. A rough, loud, sound of shrieking metal just inches from Dean's head.
Dean's phone began buzzing on the dash just when he was merging the Impala into morning traffic, trying to get onto the highway heading east out of Rapid City. The sun hadn't even risen yet; it was eight in the morning, but the sun rose pretty late at this time of year in South Dakota, and it wasn't all that easy to merge into rush hour traffic in the dim twilight. Dean glanced over at Sam, half-wondering if he'd offer to help with the phone, but Sam was slouched against the passenger door with his eyes closed, well on his way into a nap. Wasn't gonna be much help.
The streamer of light was startlingly bright in the dim library, and they all had to shield their eyes. It circled once over their heads, casting bands of bright shadows around the old oak bookshelves and the wooden tables and the stacks of books. At last it soared away through the maproom, up the stairs, and slid neatly under the crack at the bottom of the front door.
," said Castiel mysteriously. "In my...true...." He hesitated, and then added, "Well, now I'm more gold, recently. I guess that is amber, so, yes. Yes, I like th' beer. And the figgy things..." There was a rustling of a wrapper. "The
Castiel turned and looked back.
The outfit was absurd, the trenchcoat not even coming to Dean's bare knees, but Dean found he was, indeed, a bit warmer than before. The clothing change had been a good idea. He could even walk a little better, shuffling forward in his pine-needle-stuffed socks. They made a clumsy sort of moccasin, but Dean could actually feel his toes again.
, dude. It was... what happened was...." He's getting nervous now but he plows on. "Well, see, Dad had sworn he'd take us to the Grand Canyon for a mule ride and you had your heart absolutely set on it, but of course a hunt came up. I mean, you know how a hunt
Everything was all right.
Cas gave a little shrug. He opened his eyes and dropped his hand down to his side, frowning down at the bloodstained carpet. "Not really. I do still have a small grace, but it's still very low on power. But sometimes I do sense things. There's sort of a trail in the air. It reminds me a little of..." He paused.
"May I perform some fellatio?" said Castiel, with excruciating politeness.
Cas just blinks at him for a moment.
"Stop that," growled a familiar voice from the trees above the rocky cliff. "You're distracting me. You've been praying almost the whole time anyway, you know. Do you think you can catch a rope?"
"Hell if I know," said Dean. "I really don't have too much experience with falling down galactic timelines."
Which wasn't stopping humans from wiping out the entire ecosystem, was it?
Just some weird middle-aged guy, probably. A slightly-weird middle-aged guy all on his own. And probably Cas had looked obviously homeless. Rundown and dirty, probably, by that point, after a few weeks on his own living in the park. And knowing Castiel, he probably would have told the college students, with that characteristic candor of his, that he was living under some bushes in a park and had no job and no income and no references.
Chicago was sort of in between Kansas and Ohio, right?
Dean let him adjust there. Slow minutes passed; they both eventually remembered to pretend to watch the movie. And, gradually, it began to seem comfortable. Dean managed to drag the popcorn bowl a little closer, and ate a little popcorn, and took a few swigs of beer, and even started to enjoy the movie. And he didn't comment when slowly, softly, something extended across him. A faint blurring in the air, barely detectable, a warping that was slightly blurring the very bottom of the TV screen; a hint of a shadow, maybe; a hint of warmth across Dean's chest. He felt, rather than heard, Castiel letting out a quiet, long sigh, and then another, and by degrees Castiel finally began to relax.
"Blackbird, this is Hunter One," said Dean. "Go ahead. Your signal's loud and clear. Really clear, actually."
, Dean, the point of all my actions, the entire point of rebelling against Heaven in the first place: I thought I'd attained free will! And that's what it still feels like — if I decide to act, when I decide to do something, it really does seem to me like it's
"You're new at this New Year's party thing, aren't you?" says Dean.
"What?"
Dean looked at him. But his hands were still working, so Cas forgot to say anything else and Dean had to prod him eventually with, "Cas, what does it mean?"
"Oh," says Emily. She thinks about that, looks back at her mother for a long moment, and then shuffles closer to Cas's head, where she leans up to Cas's ear with one hand cupped over her mouth. She even goes up on tiptoe to try to get closer to him. Cas shifts closer to her, angling his ear toward her mouth, and Emily whispers to him, in a hoarse whisper that's so loud that everybody can hear it perfectly well, "Did you not tell him because you didn't want him to worry?"
, 'that angel Castiel that you were so worried about is in a coma, you want me to kill him?' The little
you were alive."
"Aw, fuck, man, I'm sorry." Ryan looked stricken.
"I've always hated olives," said Claire.
"My... apologies," Cas said. He took another breath. "I know I've ruined the.. the mood. My... my apologies. My wings are, um.... it appears they are... uh... damaged." Cas couldn't help glancing over his shoulder again. "I didn't realize how badly. I haven't seen them till now. I couldn't bring them to this dimension till I had my grace back, actually I didn't understand that I even
Dean had to agree. "It really is," he said. Cas managed a pleased-sounding
Cas finally starts fumbling in his pockets while the phone starts in on a fourth
Sam continued, "
Raphael said mildly, "I still think you should kill him, by the way."
, he thinks. In lieu of that, Dean sneaks his phone off the bedside table, flicks it on, and snaps a picture.
The envelope seemed to have no return address. Cas flipped it over, but the back only had a large circular stain on it, as if someone had set a beer-glass on it briefly. No return address, and no other clues.
For quite a while neither of them spoke. It seemed enough just to be watching the water.
While Sam's folding the clothes and discussing chair placement with Cas, Dean takes a moment to walk up to Crowley and hiss right into his ear, "If you do
"What?" said Cas, shocked.
"A day is really fast, Dad," Claire said gently.
A little voice in the back of his head is whispering,
"Dude, you've been driving
It flew fast as a dart, zipping right through the willow bush and out over the open ground. Without hesitation it charged directly at Raphael's eyes. There was nothing the little junco could do against such a formidable enemy, of course, except throw Raphael off balance from the surprise, but the tiny bird accomplished exactly that: Raphael flinched back, lost his balance on the uneven tundra and actually fell over backwards, his silver robe splashing into the mud. He growled in anger, leapt to his feet and turned to glare at the junco, which was now desperately winging away to the far side of the tundra-meadow, beating its little wings as fast as it could. Raphael flung out one hand toward the junco, a disdainful sneer on his face. The little junco's tiny gray wings went limp, its little gray feathered body dropping like a stone to the tundra. But while Raphael was crowing in delight, he took one step farther away from Cas.
"Uh...," said Cas, automatically pulling the trenchcoat a little tighter. But the solemn look that came over Dean's face then, and the way he blinked, and the way his shoulders fell a little, was almost harder to bear than the fear about what Dean would think of the wings.
"Gotta be," said Dean. "Funny that we got instructions to leave him alone, and he got instructions to leave us alone, huh? The higher-ups must be worried about overlapping field sites. He's closer to Kupaluk than I was picturing. He was only about eight miles north. Almost radio range. Let's see... if he's camped near Topaz...."
"If you're
Scars on the abdomen. Recent surgeries.
Dean laughed again. "You should probably know, Cas, there are
Dean's about to dart for the phone when Cas mutters, "Pan?"
"Also, Sam," says Sarah a moment later, "Didn't you say you guys had some friends or extended family or something? A woman and her adopted daughters? What was her name, Jody or something? Would she be able to come and help too, maybe? One more reliable pair of hands would be good."
Claire lets out an aggrieved huff of air and tosses her hair over one shoulder. But then she starts looking sheepish and finally she confesses, a bit reluctantly, "So she might've been led to think that I took it to her mechanic." At Dean's exasperated look she adds, "I'm
Sam nodded slowly, and said, his gaze now a little far away, "I should've known. He said some things sometimes... about burning everything up, about how Earth wouldn't last very long...."
Dean thought, slowly. He tucked both hands in his jacket pockets, keeping a feather in each hand now, mostly just to have something to hold on to. It was tempting to try to just stagger onward to see if he find the Haul Road, but in a moment of awful clarity, Dean realized he had no idea anymore where east was. He'd totally lost track of all directions when he'd fallen into the little snowmelt pond.
It came back to him all at once. Jimmy had an oddly good memory for movies (he felt sometimes that he could almost remember details of movies he'd never even seen). Jimmy read the movie summary anyway, already knowing what he'd find: George Bailey was the lead character in
"Claire..." Cas began, as the movie credits were playing. It seemed a little hard to speak.
Dean paused. He took a deep breath, and tilted his head down, breathing in the scent of Cas's hair yet again. The hair, the face, the voice, this whole vessel —
There had to be some mistake.
Dean went a little tense. "Uh," he said, a worried look crossing his face. "What do you mean?"
"I love your wings," whispered Dean.
"You know what, Sam," said Dean, closing his hand again. "You're not my boss."
Praying to Castiel, usually.
Best to enjoy this brief moment of respite while it lasted.
Dean said. "Find some
, Cas knew at once.
On it flew, while Dean lay dizzy in its grasp, so dizzy he couldn't tell if he was actually ascending, or just falling in a totally new, creative way.
Claire speaks up unexpectedly to add, "Jody says, you can't help every starfish on the beach, but that's okay, because even if you can only help the one that's right near you, that still counts."
. Brunch is the classic couple's thing, right? She's probably making Sunday brunch for him. Maybe healthy whole-wheat pancakes or something? Covered with that Greek yogurt stuff and Whole Foods organic honey? (Cas had always liked Dean's pancakes, before he went all healthy.) Dean wonders if Erin can make a good burger, too. Cas used to love Dean's burgers.
Cas takes it with delicate care. His head's tilting a little as he examines it, turning it around slowly. Dean finds he's holding his breath, almost wondering if Cas might get healed instantly, even though it's been very clear that there'll have to be a second step later, another whole spell, for transferring the grace from the feather to a new vessel.
Sam went silent then, looking up from the iPad to the dark road outside.
"No, nothing like that. It's.... " says Dean. Still the words won't come. Sam's quiet now, waiting, and finally Dean gets out, "We had it all wrong, Sam. Cas doesn't have a girlfriend. Or a boyfriend."
Dean raised his head off the guitar at last, his eyes red. He seemed somewhat able to talk again, and he said, "I would've done it months ago, but I'm such a
The box had a slender wooden dowel that could be stuck up vertically in a little hole drilled for the purpose, and a stout lid on top that could be flipped open. Dean's last tasks were to put the hardware on: anodized hinges for the lid, an inner chain so that the lid wouldn't flop open too far, and a stout clasp to hold it all shut, secured with a little clip. Then he lined the whole interior of the box with several layers of large plastic bags that could be sealed over the box's contents. These were rather expensive bags, actually, odor-proof ones to hide food from bears. (Dean took no chances about bears.) They'd also help keep any rain out.
Why have it on my arm at all?"
Cas had regrown the little alula-feathers, and apparently some of the big ones had fallen too. Had the big ones regrown?
The air was chilly but perfectly still, without even a touch of breeze, and the sun was beaming at them so steadily that both brothers soon shed not only their parkas but their hats, scarves, mittens and even the top layer of sweaters.
"Uh... yeah," Dean said. "Steve. Smith. Yeah, I know a Steve Smith."
"This might do it, Sam," he said, trying to force some optimism into his voice. He stepped back for a look at the new sigils. "Ya think?"
about
Dean nodded, and bowed his head, and closed his eyes.
But Cas had managed to pull them down. Just in time.
Dean's about to say, "Yeah, but it's completely ridiculous," when Cas pulls it on.
The embarrassment suddenly hit, and it hit hard. Dean realized he'd been actually gaping at Castiel, jaw even slightly hanging open. He dropped his gaze to the ground, muttering, "Sorry, yeah, of course, jeez, sorry."
Sam and Dean looked at each other.
He picked it up and stared at it. The entire feather was glowing with a steady, golden light. He rubbed his eyes, and even pinched his own arm, hard, trying to convince himself that he was really awake this time. Dean turned the room light on and off, wondering if it was a trick of lighting, but no, the light had definitely been off; the glow was coming from the feather. The feather's golden light turned out to be quite faint, though, fainter than it had seemed at first. Once Dean had flipped the light on and off a few more times, he had to sit in the dark on the edge of this bed for a minute for his eyes to re-adjust before he could detect the feather's faint glow again.
But Claire just gives him a little smile and says, forestalling whatever he was about to say, "I just meant, I got pretty good at it. I learned how to go into this, like, prayer zone, kinda. I can keep it up for ages."
He heard Cas mutter, very faintly:
Dean was, in fact, the only person other than Claire that Cas could ever remember hugging. And, of course, this hug was...
"This is legal too."
Dean's waiting for Cas to say something along the lines of "No, not really, we only just met," and he's already got a little reply prepared about how Cas should enjoy himself and feel free to go have some fun. But then Cas says, with a slow and thoughtful nod, "I hadn't really thought of it that way. But yes, I suppose it's getting serious."
Cas maneuvers the curtains partway open. A startlingly bright beam of sunlight slants into the room, so bright it makes Dean squint. There's a lumpy little shadow on the windowsill, silhouetted against the sun: it's the houseplant.
And again.
He glanced down one last time at his ruined hand and carefully maneuvered it back into his jacket pocket, wincing as he did so. "To answer yourprevious question, Sam, which I am obliged to do: Yes, I'm genuinely sorry Castiel is gone. Because, as much as I loathe every little fiber of his annoying being, I suspect he's also just about the only angel who could've helped. He's the only angel who saw that spell unfold, remember. And to be perfectly honest he's also the only angel in recent memory who ever showed a spark of creativity. I'd been thinking of tracking him down, actually." He gave another sigh and added, "I've got to say, I really don't know what God was thinking. Making the entire fabric of Creation contingent on the survival of
" said Sam and Dean simultaneously. Cas let out a very surprised-sounding snort, crouching down as low as he could, with his head right between Sam and Dean.
"Thanks," Dean murmured back. The truth was, though, that now he didn't feel cold at all. Not with Cas standing right behind him like this, arms wrapped around Dean now, and the wings curved around them both to block the wind.
Dean shut the Impala's open door before heading off on the hike. He glanced at the door as he did so, did a double-take, and swore. He'd forgotten about that awful scraping sound, but sure enough the left rear door had two nasty vertical scratches in it.
"It's an easy walk from here," Cas said. "I appreciate the offer, but I'll enjoy the walk. It's such a nice evening." For a long moment he lingered, his eyes on Dean's face, even drawing in a breath as if to say something to Dean. But he let the breath out without speaking, and then drew in another and said, with a soft smile,  "You have a good evening."
"Cas isn't autistic," said Dean.
"Oncologist," says Dean. "It's a kind of doctor, y'know, it's a doctor who treats—"
. You came into the library the next morning and the first damn thing you said was about the
"He's in a coma, Sam," said Dean. His voice came out a little thick. "He can't hear a damn thing."
Cas still had one hand raised, as if Dean had caught him in mid-knock. In his other hand he was holding Dean's black North Face jacket. He flinched slightly when Dean opened the door, as if he hadn't expected it to open.
The doppelganger said slowly, as if studying him, "So you've had your doubts too," and Castiel could not deny it, much as he wanted to. He knew already, as well, though he hated to admit it, that there might indeed be certain conceivable circumstances — exceedingly rare, very unlikely circumstances, but
were the two hunters who should lead... some other people, maybe.
Dean knew he'd dreamed about the baby parrot before.
grief, little brother," Dean says, shaking a finger at him. "
As Cas shook out his wings he darted a very brief glance at Dean's face, and at once his wings tucked up tightly, folding behind his back in a flash — and going completely out of view again.
"The idea is, it's your very own motel room!" Dean said, grinning. "For as long as you like! Do you like it?"
," Dean allows, "but, seriously, a
Dean grabs one of the motel towels from a little rack above the toilet, and hands it to him. The towel's instantly drenched, but it does give Cas some cover, and he lets go of the shower curtain and clutches at the towel, wrapping it around his waist. Dean helps him get the towel edges knotted over each other (discreetly not looking down — it's apparent that Cas is feeling miserably exposed, and Dean doesn't want to make him feel even more uncomfortable).
," demanded Jimmy again, and, amazed at his own forcefulness, he gripped Not-George's hair with his right hand and gently pulled back, to tilt Not-George's face up. "
Below them was a round room. In the center was a wide table with a huge, painstakingly hand-painted world map. Old sound equipment hung on the walls; microphones, headphones and even an old record player. An arched doorway led to another room, where tall shelves of books and wooden tables were dimly visible — some sort of library.
"Even a little grace will help," says Dean. "Won't it?"
The connection from one realm to the next seemed perfectly seamless: cave floor on this side, grass on the other. There wasn't any impression of looking through a surface or a wormhole, or any of the watery or wobbly visual effects Dean had imagined. It was more as if they were simply looking through an open window at a meadow that
Cas pointed to a little stack of fabric in one of the nearby wicker baskets. The stack turned out to be several old hand-towels, worn but clean. "My wing-towels," Cas explained, almost shyly. "I use them whenever my wings get wet. But I can't really reach the middle of the wings very well. I often just sit by the fire for a while."
Sam chuckled a little. "In a certain way, maybe. Yeah. I just feel like, if you couldn't... do that, couldn't go there, with him, he would've just... accepted it." Sam paused and added, "He would've forgiven it. I'm not saying he wouldn't have been hurt, but... he would've... kept his head up. Kept going. And, Dean..." Sam took a breath, as if gearing himself up. "He would've kept on caring about you anyway. I'm certain of it. Forgiven everything and kept on caring anyway and just kept right on offering whatever you could accept."
"Dean, wait. Stop," said Cas. He had to grab Dean by the shoulder to make him stop running around collecting dollar bills.
. A human about a quarter my size could really be significantly helped. Likely a complete cure, if I'm not mistaken." He pauses, looking around at all of them. "And honestly, we all know I'm not the best use of this feather. Especially since I'm almost certain it won't help me."
"Sam... I.... I realized something," said Dean.
"Of course he'll forgive you," said Sam. "He doesn't even care about any of that."
flapping in time with the song. Somehow it was working, Dean's familiar song holding Cas together, giving him "something to focus on," as Cas had put it once before.
Sam's again giving Dean a bit of a strange look, and Dean scrambles to try to act like this is no big deal. So Cas might have a girlfriend. Sure. Fine. That's cool. "Well, anyway, if that's what it is, good for him," Dean manages, taking another big swig of his beer, mostly in the hope it'll wash away the weirdly disconsolate feeling that seems to clamping down around his stomach. "If that's what's going on, that's awesome. Really."
thought Dean.
Sam blinked, jaw going slack in shock, eyes going round.
"Jeez. You look—" Sam starts to say, in too loud a voice, and Dean makes a
," mutters Cas. "Of course. That's... that's nice... that's quite nice...." He lets out a long sigh.
Cas shook his head.
"Yep," was all Dean said.
seem to eat a little better when the food is home-made and top-notch....
Dean's blood has gone cold now, and he's biting his lip. Cas doesn't notice; he finishes the water bottle, mutters "Thank you," and turns over onto his side again. He's now looking extra sleepy-eyed and is obviously about to drift off, but then Dean blurts out, still clutching the empty water bottle, "What kind is it?"
The next word turns out to be even harder to say.
All at once Elegua was back to normal size: a man dressed in red-and-black, holding a wooden stick, in a dark forest. He lowered his hooked wooden stick and stepped back.
"That's not a good idea," he said to Sam, his voice very low.
over Castiel, practically kneeling, his nose almost to Cas's feathers as he inspected Cas's wings.
"Dean's right," puts in Sam, and Claire nods too.
There was no way to know.
is shaking. The hot wind of the dragon's breath blasts through the room, bringing with it a distinct scent of smoke, and Dean's suddenly sure that the thing can probably breathe out pure fire if it really wants to. It's still roaring; Chindi's hair is blowing back from her face like she's facing a hurricane. But she stands stoic, unmoved, her hair flying, still holding her little clay jug, facing the immense dragon unfazed. And while Dean gasps and shoves futilely at the black feathered toes (they don't budge even an inch), a slow smile is spreading over Chindi's face.
"This gives thunderbirds some unusual abilities," Chindi goes on, "including the ability to materialize more easily in the material plane in their true forms. They're nearly as powerful as archangels. And incredibly rare." She's gazing up at Cas again. "So rare that I didn't even recognize what you were at first. I'd been told there was an angel here, but I was looking for a
Crowley was now unrolling the contract in his hands, an eyebrow raised as he rapidly reread a few sections. He turned to the others and said brightly, "Really now, how many people even know about codicils? I'm sure we can put together a revised contract in a jiffy—"
"Hey, hey," Dean says, "Cas. It's okay. It's okay."
"Yeah, so, I was hoping to bribe you into doing it," Dean confessed, shoulders falling a little. "I mean, dude, I just fix the trucks. I don't know how to bake. Like, at all."
Cas, too, finally stirs on Dean's lap, pushing himself up with a yawn. He stretches, and yawns again, and there's a flutter of heat that moves very rapidly past Dean's neck, back and forth several times. It's an unfamiliar wing-move that takes Dean a moment to figure out: Cas has just flapped his wings a few times, right when he sat up and yawned. Some morning instinct to shake out his feathers, maybe. But then Cas peers around narrow-eyed.
"Hey, those are great," Sam objected. "Jessica had one. Don't knock it till you try it."
"You could have just killed me," said Cas, taking another step closer just to be able to glare at Crowley more effectively. "Why bother to wake me up at all? You could have just left me in a coma, for that matter. Why all the intrigue? Why all the lies? Why ruin a young girl's life all over again?"
"What are those ripples?" Dean asked.
Cas smiled, tightening his hand yet again. "I feel the same," he said softly. But then a shadow crossed his face. "What about your brother?" Cas asked quietly.
Castiel nodded. "It's the second largest realm, and so it's in the second largest heavenly body." He frowned and said, "Actually... honestly, I really thought that was —"
, Dean thinks again.
"Could do with some cleaning," said Dean. "Some sweeping. A little light. Some decorations. A bar at the back, maybe?" He couldn't help trying to joke a little, mostly because his heart was starting to thump a little hard. Something about the silent darkness of the tunnel was terrifically creepy. The place had an almost museum-like stillness to it, and the dark walls seemed to somehow absorb all sound.
She rolls her eyes. "We are informed when there's someone we should be looking for. You, sometimes your brother. Your mother, most recently —" Dean's a little startled to hear that one, and Chindi gives him a faint smile. "Oh, yes, your mother too. She'd been planning that little escape-from-Heaven for quite some time. Quite a clever one she is; picked a moment when everybody was completely distracted by the Sun going out. But she was found and returned, soon enough."
Cas seemed busy anyway. Dean decided to wait till Cas was done with the coats before approaching.
, Dean thinks.) "But all I can do is sleep. All I can think about is just... " He gives a slow sigh. "....just, hoping the vomiting is over, trying to keep the next little bit of food down... and wanting to lie down." Cas drags his eyes back up to Dean's and says, softly, "You deserve so much more. You deserve so much better."
Charlie, most recently. That had gone into a whole different kind of bad. Never before had Sam felt so searingly guilty, and
So that was my original Claire-Cas idea. I loved the idea of Claire missing her dad so bad, and at first being angry, but coming around in the end to wanting some kind of connection with Cas — partly as a surrogate father, but partly just because... well, she was his vessel, she did get a taste of who he is, and she just wants to know him. (The show later took a very similar trajectory.) Anyway, that little scene of them talking on the bench at the bus stop stuck in my head, slowly working out the beginnings of a relationship. And also the element of Cas trying to help her pay for college with whatever cash he had.
It stopped. It was gone.
Dean shakes his head.
It came to him, too, that there was a very important piece of information hovering right nearby. Dean fought to stay awake.
Dean couldn't even summon up a smile.
"I know. I'm really sorry."
Dean looked down at the book. "Well... Turns out gates are where an angel spread his wings once."
"The pizza has revived me."
"Right," said Dean, suddenly snapping into motion. He folded the sheet carefully around Castiel, and said, "Hand it down to me."
Immediately Cas knew exactly what Sam was about to say, and the floor seemed to drop out from under him. He even wanted to stop Sam somehow from speaking, but could only sit mutely, frozen, as Sam turned back to Cas and said, in a very gentle voice:
He stops.
BIG SOFTIE. HE NEVER COULD HOLD A GRUDGE WORTH ANYTHING.
All the breath seemed to escape from Dean's lungs.
He'd actually
An ice tunnel.
He walked down the hill for the last time, leaving the little grave on the hill. He left behind the folding chair, the planks, the string, the backpack still neatly sealed away in its trash bag, and the new gravemarker and the old. He walked away from the quiet hill where two hundred sleeping daffodils and crocuses would someday bloom. Yellow and white and blue and purple, they would bloom, when springtime came. Purple hyacinth and red tulip, all of them, they would bloom. Dean pictured it in his mind, as he walked away. The flowers would all bloom, come spring; they'd bloom quietly, silently, opening their lovely colors to the world. They'd sway in the wind here on the hill; they'd drink up the soft rains, and they'd shine in the sun, up here under the wide sky. Castiel would never see them, and neither would Dean, but the flowers would bloom just the same.
"Nope," said Dean coolly.
It's clear Sam's just joking — there's only a laughing, casual bantering tone in his voice, as if he truly thinks it's all innocent and is merely pleased to have found a rich new motherlode of potential jokes. But Dean feels himself flush anyway. "Can it," Dean hisses back, slipping his hand quietly out of Cas's grasp. "Just fell asleep here. Didn't mean to."
The evening was off to an
It took a few moments for Dean's breathing to steady. Cas held him, relishing the closeness, willing it not to end. It all brought a strange image to mind: a grey wilderness, trees all around, and a silent lake....
added Gabriel. "From
"Couldn't fuckin' stop
take drugs. He'd taken an actual overdose, in fact, of what he'd been pretty sure were barbiturates. Which in theory have been neutralized now, but
"Cutting-edge science," put in Phil, with a sage nod. Dean and Sam both laughed, and Phil added, "On the plus side, we get the best intel about when the lake ice is going to break up." He waved his little yellow book. "Got the inside scoop here, Dean."
Cas interrupted him with, "I have to break the vial." He grabbed Dean by one hand and began to pull him to the little back door in the kitchen, repeating, "I have to break the vial."
Dean thinks of Cesar and Jesse, happy together on their horse ranch surrounded by hundreds of cute little fuzzy baby horses (every time Dean pictures Cesar and Jesse, there are more and more baby horses in the mental image) and something twists inside him. Something painful. He spins on Sam to say, "But what about this
There seems nothing more to do other than to go back to the Impala and drive back to Kansas. So off they go.
Could Cas be low enough on power that he might be susceptible to STDs now? Wait, does he even
Dean found himself smiling. Not just about the wolf cubs (which, granted, was very cool), but also just because... well, Cas had wanted to tell him about the wolf cubs. Cas had climbed all the way up Topaz again just to call Dean and tell him about wolf cubs.
Cas's eyes went wide.
Cas had rescued Dean somehow, from out there in the blizzard, snatching him up from what would certainly have been a very icy death.
dig this," says Dean. And once again Sam's stifling a smile.
complaining here, but it kinda accelerated all of a sudden. But, Sam, he's
The warmth of his hand.
Cas pushed that thought aside, focusing on the money. He counted and re-counted his change, concluding he still didn't have enough to reactivate the phone, and knowing that he still had to pay for the hostel bed tonight. He knew he should return to the Red House bar immediately to get right back to work. But by now an air of extreme fatigue had settled over him — it seemed almost impossible even to walk and he was soon having to fight an intense desire to sit down on the nearest curb and put his head in his hands. Castiel did manage to force himself to keep moving, and he didn't let himself sit down on the curb, but he found himself turning right instead of left when he left the corner market, and walking all the way to the hostel, instead of back to the Red House Bar & Grill. It was a stupid choice; he hadn't made enough yet tonight to even pay for tonight's bed, let alone dinner. Tomorrow he'd have to make enough to pay the overdue bill for tonight's bed, and tomorrow's bed too, and the phone reactivation besides.
Dean had reached the bottom of the hill. He marched upwards briskly, thumbs laced through his backpack straps, making his way nimbly over half-visible tree roots and around dimly-seen stumps. He was still thinking about Sam. Was Sam really okay? Had he been losing weight, maybe? Dean pictured how Sam had looked lying there in bed this morning, half wrapped up in his sheet—
Immediately it becomes clear that this hat's particular kind of design, with the way the earflaps extend pretty far down, has a unique advantage: it totally hides Cas's entire hairline. Even the part of the hairline that's behind his ears, and even the part that's low on his neck. With the monkey hat on, it's impossible to tell at all that he's lost any hair.
"Cas?" Dean said, knocking softly. "I promised Sam you wouldn't drown. You ok?"
Again Azazel's voice made Dean's skin crawl. It felt almost like snakes slithering right into his ears, like the voice of some terrible forgotten nightmare. Azazel went on to Crowley, "I only bothered to bring you along to do the paperwork. The younger Winchester is mine,
"Nice enough guy, though," said Dean, adding, "and he must be a frickin' badass to do Atigun on foot in March."
"Will it fix it?" Dean asked. "The scoliosis or whatever?"
"Erin's working," says Cas.
Dean almost laughs at him. "So you're calling the night nurse at nine-thirty in the morning now? And you're arguing with her about, what, Cas's chemo schedule? So, remind me, when exactly did you get your medical degree?"
"If we get in a crash and you're badly injured and end up in pain, you'd definitely be unhappy then," Jimmy pointed out. "You'd be extremely unhappy. And, given that the average human lifespan is over seventy years, sooner or later you probably
A large wadded clump of papers slide out, wrapped around some rectangular pieces of metal. She unfolds the papers and stares at them; it's the title to the Thunderbird, in her name, and a new registration, and an insurance card; and it's all folded neatly around a pair of South Dakota license plates.
Not after what had happened. Two years ago, the whole last year actually... then the library fight... then two weeks ago. The terrifically horrible night in Ohio had just been the last straw. Cas had had enough.
"Dean—" Sam began.
"The alulas fell nearly a month ago," Castiel said, glancing down at the second feather. "And the central feathers next. I've had new feathers growing in for some weeks." Holding both wings still and outstretched again, he pointed to each wing in turn, the left and then the right.
Dean woke, then, to find himself alone, in his darkened bedroom, with his hand on nothing more than a pillow. His phone was beeping nearby on the bedstand.
Dean was so wrapped up in checking Cas's reactions that he forgot to pay much attention to the talk. He only tuned in again because of Cas's increasingly intense frown.
There's something a little odd about his phrasing, but Dean doesn't push for details, just nods and says, "You got it." Dean enters the address into his phone, starts the car and at last they're moving. It's a great relief to have to focus on driving again.
Dean does? All sorts of possibilities are springing to mind, but it's getting hard to focus on all the possible experiments because Dean's compelled to start jerking himself hard now. And Cas does the same.
"Of course," said Jimmy, for he felt certain that somebody had told him this at some point. Claire still had a rather bemused look on her face, so Jimmy reached out and opened the ketchup bottle for her, using the knife to pry out a bit of the thick ketchup onto her plate. "It's easier to get out if you use the knife," he explained.
Of course, Dean's been pondering hypothetical what-ifs for days now. What-ifs like:
Cas gave him a wry smile. "It's not that easy," he said.
don't want to hurt you again."
Why had he even thought it was something to resist?
He hesitated, still gazing at Dean.
There's no answers yet. Dean's pretty sure, actually, that even after Cas wakes there still won't be any answers right away, for Cas has been acting like he won't be forthcoming with many of the details. Dean suspects he'll have to press Cas on this at some point. Probably soon. Because cancer's a killer....
"Cave bears never did swim very well," said Castiel, in a quiet voice. "Heavy bones."
The feathers actually still felt a little cold, as if bits of the chilly outside air were still trapped between them. Dean gently worked a few fingers between the feather-roots near the main joint of both wings, trying to work his fingers as gently as he could, into the downy layer and to the skin. Cas drew in a hiss of air, but then let out a slow sigh.
They all stared at him.
There it is, a few feet away. Dean makes a lunge for it, grabs it and tries to slide it closer. But Cas is trying to veer over to the pan just as Dean's sliding it over to him, and somehow Dean's elbow whacks Cas right in the temple. Cas's hat fall off and lands halfway in the pan, just as Cas start throwing up, and some vomit lands on the hat.
Dean leans his cheek against the top of Cas's monkey-hat, thinking.
Cas had first spotted the damn thing in a thrift store in Nebraska.
Dean frowned down at the steering wheel. It was probably just frozen gas lines or something, but it was rare for the Chevy to misbehave. No matter, though; the more important point was the way Cas was backing slowly away. Dean had totally forgotten that the Chevy truck seat would be uncomfortable for Cas, with his pack and his "condition" and all.
"Cas," Dean says, "Is every week like this?"
Cas was feeling a little worried now, wondering if he'd done something wrong in the pool-table dream, so he said, "Was there something wrong with the dream? Or..." He finally realized why Dean might have been blushing. "Oh. Wait. Do you regret what you did?"
"Yeah, yeah, of course, Cas can't heal himself, obviously," interrupts Dean, who would really rather not think about that point. "Or he would have already, I know. But the point is that
Driving with exceptional caution now, Dean pulled the old Chevy off the road and drew it to a sedate halt by the three boulders. He had to take a couple of rather uneven breaths to settle himself after the near-collision, before he could regroup and focus on his next task: getting up Topaz Mountain.
But it's something else entirely.
Dinner, then.
was online these days. There was no possible way Castiel couldn't have known what "gay" meant.
mean?" Dean whispered over his shoulder to Sam.
"We are talking about Pump Station Three, right?" Dean said at last.
"You'd just had surgery
Dean clambered over the wooden pallets for a while, dreading what he would find, for he knew now that for some reason he was seeing visions of almost everybody he'd lost. The pattern seemed clear....
. He then adds,
"You're sleeping with his jacket," Claire repeated, but it wasn't a question any longer.
, and Dean freezes, but it's too late; Cas lets out a cry of unmistakable pain, and now he's scrabbling backwards, batting Dean's hands away hard with one hand and fumbling at his sweatpants with the other, gasping, "Stop,
"Okay, but," said Dean, "just... don't leave."
"Dean, it's okay—" Cas started to say, but Dean interrupted with, "No, it's not. There was some stuff going on, with Sam, I'll tell you later, but — the truth is I fucked up. Never fell for a guy before, and I fucked it up." He stood abruptly. "I fuck up so many things, but this was a bad one. This was one of my worst. I know that."
No less than three times on the drive to school, Claire offered to stay home to take care of Jimmy. Three times over, Jimmy had to assure her once again that he felt fine, and he had to promise anew each time that he would go to the clinic for a checkup, just to make sure.
When Dean stepped out of the car he had to look away for a moment, caught by surprise at the sight of the Continental and Impala sitting together side-by-side. Surely, it seemed Cas must be here somewhere... Somewhere in the bunker. Somewhere nearby. The Continental was only parked next to the Impala like this when Cas was around.
Cas speaks up again with, "Maybe you can drop me off and I can take a bus the rest of the way. Or I could walk. We're not far away."
"You're such an idiot sometimes," says Dean, giving him a little shake to drive it home. And all of a sudden it seems like another great time for a kiss.
Sam demands, leaning forward a little now.
"Well, he may not have got much of a view yet, since apparently he was unconscious the whole time and they had to airlift him out. Helicopter rescue, the works. The park service is calling him an 'unprepared hiker.'" Sam starts to chuckle. "There's a whole thing about how he didn't even have a water bottle. Oh man, LISTEN TO THIS, Dean, they describe the guy as wearing a trenchcoat! The park service is all pissed off about it. Here's the quote: 'We want to remind the public that a trenchcoat, business attire and dress shoes are entirely inappropriate clothing and footwear for hiking the Grand Canyon'." Sam looks up with a wide beaming smile.
"Been watching you all day," said Dean, his head down now, gazing fixedly at his boots as he dug one heel into the loose gravel by the bench. "Sorry, I should've said. And... ah... yesterday too. Sorry, I... I really meant to say hello right away but... " He shifted his feet some more, scraping the gravel around with one boot heel and then the other. He scratched his cheek, and rubbed his nose, and looked off at the fountain. He finally went on, "Been looking for weeks. I've been looking for you for weeks. Been meaning to call but... Well, when I finally tried, your phone was deactivated. I was... kinda worried. I got kinda worried. I got pretty worried about that. So was Sam. We went looking for you. We went back to Idaho, and... well,
" Dean hissed.
"Still a commander," commented Sam from behind. Dean could hear the smile in his voice. Cas only let out an odd little sigh. The other angels seemed to have listened to Cas, and soon he'd taken up a pattern of circling back and forth along the orisha-line, as if checking on everybody else. But Dean knew Cas was still pretty stunned at the arrival of the other angels; he could still feel Castiel trembling, under the feathers.
It looked like he hadn't succeeded, either. For after all the pages of the housing search was another hand-drawn map, this one a careful diagram of one of the parks. There was a clump of three bushes and a tree drawn in one area, starred and labeled, "Best so far, under these 3 bushes, hidden, not many rats, ground stays dry." And some notes with ideas of how to build a rain shelter out of garbage bags and cardboard.
"Because, I'm just an innocent little kid brother, remember," Sam says. "I don't know anything about such things."
"There'll be nothing for you to do," says Cas, a little stiffly. "You'd just be bored. I appreciate the offer, but I don't need any assistance beyond this ride." He takes a slightly uneven breath and adds, "I'll be fine."
attack eagles?" The only answer was another earsplitting scream.
"I thought maybe I could give you fellatio again, instead," says Cas. "I'd like to. If you don't mind?"
"Yeah, she says she's fine," said Sam. "But she's thinking to head back up to Deadhorse tonight. Like, now."
Cas still has that slightly evasive look (which is setting off certain alarm bells for Dean, of course). "I'm perfectly capable of traveling on my own," is all he says. "I'll be fine."
? How can you not know?" Dean's having a little trouble believing this. The reapers
After a moment's thought Cas decided he'd better take a shower too.
They both look at the little plant.
Either of these options, or maybe both, seemed much more likely than Castiel having actual wings.
Once dressed, he checks his phone; it's four in the afternoon. A text's appeared from Sam, asking if Dean'll be okay if Sam stops for a few "errands" that might delay him an hour or so.
snowballs, too, dude, weren't you watching?"
"Second and third black-light lamps, check," said Dean, testing the other two lamps, which were both near him. "Extra bulbs, check. Shotguns loaded with salt, iron crowbars, demon blade, angel blades, check check check, all the usual." He turned to Sam. "Am I forgetting anything?"
Cas looked back at him. "He said he wasn't... mad at me... but... then... why..." He paused, and said, looking at Dean, "Dean, three weeks ago... you said we couldn't work together..." He seemed to be having to take little breaths between every couple of words, but he soldiered on: "I'm so glad that... you changed your mind... but Dean... I don't understand."
—" Sam made a wide gesture with one arm, encompassing all the dark trees around them— "­with no trail, to get there. Maybe you remember the way, but I sure don't. Let's figure out where we are and get the car and take a good look around the mountain before we go running out into the woods to get lost."
The "Princeton guy" was a famed ecologist who'd been doing work in Greenland and was only briefly visiting Kupaluk. Everybody was interested to hear what was going on with the tundra in Greenland on the other side of the pole, and Castiel perked up noticeably at the mention of Greenland, setting his fork down quietly as the seminar started. "I've worked there," he whispered to Dean. Cas rearranged his chair and they were soon sitting side-by-side, cowboy style, both leaning on their chair seatbacks. Sam soon joined them, pulling up a third chair on Dean's other side; it turned out he wanted to be near the door so he could dart outside now and then to check on Ruby.
The man flushed. He let go of her arm as if it were red-hot, and took a jerky step away from her.
. I won't allow it, you hear me?"
, he thought, as he wedged the badge tightly under the pillow.
But now Dean forced himself to say it. "Don't laugh me right out of the cave here, but...you're an.... angel?" He almost choked on the last word.
"You were praying to me," said Cas.
Dean feels a little guilty being in here. This was supposed to be Cas's private sanctum, a room that Dean had promised would always be Cas's, and now Dean's snooping. It doesn't feel right.
Winchesters?" put in Sam. "Me and... my brother? Dean? What do
Dean stares at him. He'd forgotten about that part.
Dean threw a crumpled napkin at him, and Sam fended it off with a laugh; it bounced to the road.
Cas smiled at him, and then looked back at Dean. He still had his hand on Dean's shoulder, and Dean slowly raised one hand to rest it over Cas's. Everything still felt distinctly unreal, and Cas's hand, frustratingly, felt unreal as well.
"Oh, Dean
There's a quiet
"I'm—" Jimmy started to say, stepping around Claire with his hand out.
Cas opens Dean's door, and leads Dean inside. It turns out Cas has put an extra pillow on the bed, and he's turned down the covers, and he's even put a soft nightlight on in the corner so that he doesn't have to flick on the glaring light overhead. Dean's about to crack a joke about how romantic it all looks, and how maybe they should run out and get some scented candles and rose petals just to complete the decor. But when he turns to Cas with the joke ready on his lips, the look in Cas's eyes draws him into silence.
His wings, look!"
"But, like... what does it do?"
Sam elbowed him hard in the ribs, whispering, "Dean—"
"Sure, I get that," Sam went on. "He got hurt, sure." Again, the bluntness was surprisingly refreshing: Cas
"Let's wait one more minute to see if anybody replies," said Dean. So they stood there together, Cas's wings arched around them both.
not," Dean snaps. He turns back to the pot, plunges a hand into the water to grab the steel-wool pad and starts scrubbing again. "Don't be ridiculous. I'm just a little worried, that's all." But now that Sam's said it, the word
There's a reason he kept it on, of course.
The morning's work went smoothly. Near noon, Dean spotted a figure to the southeast, just a barely visible human-shaped speck moving across the ridgeline of a distant hill. Dean strode a few steps over to his pack and pulled out a pair of binoculars (he'd recently taken to carrying the Cornell binoculars everywhere, in case there might be a jaeger he needed to look at). The speck-person wasn't much bigger in the binoculars, but seemed to be moving little square objects around. Whoever it was didn't have Castiel's distinctively large backpack. "Shawn, and his lemming traps," Dean decided.
All th' time. Anyway, I'd like you to have that feather too. It's pretty clear now, you're supposed to have all the feathers."
He hiccuped again, and as much as Dean wanted to see where this conversation might end up, he gently reminded Cas, "You gonna be okay getting back down that trail? Down Topaz? There's no fall risk, is there?"
Cas tries to go back to sleep but now it seems like he can't find a comfortable position; something about Dean's new arm-around-the-shoulder position is making Cas's head keep sliding off Dean's shoulder every time he starts to nod off. He jerks half-awake a couple times and starts shifting around, shoving his pillow under his chin almost like he's trying to prop his head in position. There's a flutter of warmth along Dean's back, like Cas is restlessly shifting his wings.
It could have been a sexual move; and maybe on some other night it would be. But tonight, somehow, it felt like something very different. It felt like a form of prayer.
"Cas isn't coming back," Dean said at last. "Is he." It wasn't really a question.
He gave a long sigh and added, "I suppose I'd been thinking, all along, that if I just do enough observations on Earth, that someday I'll figure out what was happening, why I was exiled. But I have spent the full forty-five years up here and have learned nothing." He added, in a very discouraged tone, "I'm still no closer to figuring out what it was all about. Why I was exiled here, what I did wrong... what the Prince of Hell was planning... why my vessel had to die... what the point of it all was... why I was forbidden from ever traveling to Kansas...."
"Merry Christmas, Cas," said Sam.
The room has two queen beds. Sam immediately plunks his own duffel and Dean's on the same bed, and he grabs Cas's bag out of his hands and puts it on the other bed.
The case actually took a while to unravel. It was several days later, a few hours before sunset on Tuesday, before they'd finally started to figure it out. The drownings seemed to be due to a ghost that took particular pleasure in tossing people into the river as the family holidays approached — especially the day before Thanksgiving. They'd managed to interview two of the victims who had survived the fall and had managed to scramble out of the river, but most of the victims had drowned. Some had been swept to their deaths over the waterfall a few miles downstream; a few had simply never been seen again, presumably washed all the way out to sea.
Cas frowns at him. "What? What about my feathers?"
God hesitated. "Not exactly. I was testing the box, but it.... didn't go according to plan."
"Like... Puff the Magic Dragon on guitar," said Dean, "and Puff the Magic Dragon just with a voice? Still Puff either way?" Dean raised one hand to stroke Cas's hair, somewhat astonished that it felt so easy to do so.
It was long past dinner when at last he got the logbooks completed. He was stacking up all the clipboards and the three-ring binders in a neat row for Shelly when his computer pinged. An email had just arrived.
? Please," said Raphael, a disdainful scowl on his face. "A change of vessel is all I need." He was clearly quite weakened, he managed to summon up enough energy for one last sneer at Castiel. "I never liked these human
Dean was still glancing now and then at the snow-clouds when he realized he'd been driving ten minutes already, not the expected five; he'd gone far past the Cornell team's usual spot. Where was their truck? It should have been easily visible. Dean slowed, peering closely at every pull-out that he passed in case the Cornell truck was tucked down into some willows. Dean went about five minutes farther, and finally he pulled over, frowning.
"I didn't want to tell you about it," Cas is going on, "and there's no bag in your car, and I didn't want to mess up your
. It was all taking much too long. It had been six weeks now, since Ohio; a terribly long time. And it had been ten days since Dean had realized Cas must be in Hell. Ten days of knowing that Cas might be suffering
God glanced over at Sam next, and then looked back at Cas. "Ah. Both of them. You love both of them. In different ways. Love, and trust?"
"Sam probably needs to hear all this too," Dean says — a little reluctantly, for he hates to end this private phase of the conversation, this cozy nestling together on the very same pillow. But Sam's involved too, and he definitely needs to know the details.
Cas was frowning down into his coffee now. He shrugged. "And then... nothing," he said.
Where he then sat for a long time, at the kitchen table, cradling the warm coffee mug in his hands without even drinking any of the coffee.
Cas opened his eyes.
Then the three orishas stood there in total silence, Oshossi and Elegua and Ogun side by side, still as statues, looking at Sam and Dean. Their faces seemed unreadable in the shadows. The quiet murmurings in the shadows were back; the other orishas must have returned as well.
of them, all together for once.
Dean grinned at him. He stood up, planning to check Cas's wings over one more time, but Cas wheeled on Dean with a ferocious growl and shoved Dean back with his snout. Dean fell flat on his back, bouncing a little on the upper level of threads.
They sat quietly after that, watching the golden sunbeam grow, and grow, till it was blindingly bright. All around them, on the hill, birds were stirring, twittering in the bushes. First one and then another began to sing, and then more and more, till it seemed the whole hill was singing.
"What does it mean?" Dean repeated, staring at the feather. "Why didn't he answer? Where is he? What is this? What does it mean?"
"Gonna come," Dean grunts.
"It's not, like.... tainted or anything?" Dean asks hesitantly, once they're both back in their room, toweling off and getting dressed. "For you, I mean? I mean, this doesn't de-sanctify it or something?"
"Oh, those? They're not bruises," Cas says, craning his head over his shoulder. "That's just the bleomycin."
Dean could now make out two other little dots harassing Magog too. Squinting into the glare of the distant clouds, Dean was pretty sure he could make out some colors on the three little darting forms: red on one, some glittering gaudy iridescence on a second, and what looked like a combination of gray and black on the third.
But then Dean remembers the Chemo Motel last night, and how Cas had gone practically green just at a certain familiar sight. A familiar
"Sorry," she whispered.
to beg Cas's forgiveness,
The dragon opened its mouth, and—
But by the time Dean reaches Denver and navigates to the correct quadrant of the city, he's relaxed a little and has managed to get into a more philosophical state of mind (or more fatalistic, at least) about the whole thing. There's not going to be any grand gestures. There's not even going to be much of a conversation. It'll just be a drop-by visit, a hit-and-run. If Aaron's there too Dean'll say hi, and if not then not, and all that's gonna happen either way is a quick hello and goodbye. Dean's already got a story lined up about how he had to come to Denver anyway for some case; it can even be the same mythical case as last time, when he went to Cas's Gas-n-Sip. "Just chasing down another lead on that case," he'll say. "Here, I picked up a plant for your new place. Okay, take it easy, see ya." And that'll be that.
Cas looks up at Dean with a frown. "I am still capable of carrying a
Sam said, "Cas... what do you see exactly?"
He stayed there for a few moments; it seemed impossible to lift his head, or to open his eyes and face the world, or do anything at all, really. So Dean stayed where he was, face down against the bedspread, pressing Cas's hand to his forehead.
The celestial dragon hovered in the air a long moment, its great head moving around as it scanned the ground, the huge gusts of air fanning the grass-fires down below and still buffeting Sam and Dean. As the huge head pivoted around both brothers crouched a little lower; it was clearly looking for them. Dean could even make out a pair of tufted ears that were flicking forward and back, apparently listening for them as well.
Soon they were walking on.
Flagstaff. Of course.
Dean actually rolls his eyes at this. "What did I just tell you, about the I'm-fines? I swear, you better unlock this door, or I'm—"
if you let me show you how to take care of it, and how to take care of the Subaru too, I
- Every chapter title is a direct quote of something that Dean says to Castiel during the course of that particular chapter. (The only exception is Chapter 1, in which Castiel is not present, but even then it's a statement that Dean makes about Castiel.) There are two chapter titles that repeat, "Thunderbird" and "You can keep holding on," each one shifting in meaning when it turns up the second time. In case it wasn't cleaer, all the chapter titles are are really ways that Dean says "I love you" without necessarily using those words exactly.
"I've heard of you, of course..." she murmurs. "I've heard many things. Some bad, some good. But — forgive me, but I'd never heard that you were a thunderbird."
"I wasn't returning the plant, by the way," Cas says, putting it back in his lap and looking down at it. "Earlier. I wasn't returning it."
Still no Cas.
"Ah," said Cas, nodding. "My juvenile plumage, yes. The first feather coat of a nestling does always look quite different from the adult feathers, and my first plumage did grow in rather brightly colored this time." With a little sigh he added, "Gabriel will
Dean's still been kneeling on the floor; he gets up now and sits on the side of the bed, finding a little spot near Cas's knees where he can wedge himself. Dean offers his hand, a little hesitantly; Cas grabs on tightly, but his flinching doesn't stop.
Dean could almost hear the relief in Sam's voice as he said, "Unusual like a huge feathery dragon? With black wings?"
But the words won't come.
But Cas isn't a random bar girl, is he?
How cold and cruel can the natural world possibly be, to
, Dean ordered himself, and he took a breath and said, "I let an angel named Gadreel possess Sam, without Sam's consent, and—"
, Dean realized. From Jason's perspective, Dean (and maybe even Sam) must look like one of those weathered old hunters who used to show up at the Roadhouse, back in the day. The quiet ones who would drink in the back, parked in a booth alone, their faces lined and haggard. Bitter and alone. The old, tired, worn-out hunters.
It only took Sam a few moments to type it in: 41°24'30"N, 122°11'40"W. He hit Enter, and Google instantly showed them a map with a little red pin marking the location (one of Google's handiest features, Dean had always thought). They both squinted at it.
But what choice do they really have?
"I swear I'm just texting Sam," Dean says to him. "Promise. See?" He turns the phone toward Cas so he can see Sam's last text — remembering too late that Sam's last text happens to say,
gobbling up Creation. "Nice" only in that it gave Dean something else to think about. It almost felt like he'd gotten his feet back under him — like he'd been skidding down an icy mountain toward a cliff, and had at last managed to grab onto something. Or like he'd been in freefall and a small parachute had opened.
Sam was crouching by the bottom wearing his Santa hat, stuffing a few last presents underneath.
She said, "Well, maybe a little."
going to be all right.
"Oh my god," said Dean, staring toward the kitchen. He started to laugh.
Then that dream, too, swirled away in darkness.
For one thing, he wanted to be sure Cas was all right, after whatever research trek Cas had been doing. It wasn't unusual for tundra scientists to do this sort of multi-day excursion, of course — a few days' of camping on some distant hiking circuit around remote study sites. Sure, it was a little old-school to do it on foot (these days, scientists usually preferred to be dropped off by helicopter) but everything Cas did was old-school. But it was more than a little frustrating to not even hear from him for days. Yes, he was an old hand at the Arctic; yes, he'd left that note, and he'd clearly stated that he had a few days of research stuff to do. Yes, he now had that yellow satellite transmitter, and the radio too.
He put a hand inside and pulled out... just a handful of cotton batting. And then another handful, and another.
"Is Erin the same friend who gave you that hat, by any chance?" says Sam, in a totally innocuous tone.
No. At something behind them.
... now, how is it that the first girl Dean ever got really serious about had a name so freakishly similar to Cas's?) That was real too. Those relationships
It hadn't helped.
, Dean thought.
"Taste whatever you want to, eh?" says Dean, playing along. "Anything else you'd like to taste?
And Ryan was certain,
Dean did so, taking hold of some sturdy-looking plumes on either side. "Take it away, Cas," he said, and Cas leapt into the air.
Instead Dean sliced Cas's neck, and bled his little grace away.
Dean then led Sam into a side door of the camp manager office — Dean's domain, now, for the next several weeks. "I got a whole bunch of safety lecture stuff we'll go through tomorrow," Dean said. "Including an entire bear video, and yes, you gotta watch the whole thing or the university won't be happy. And neither will I."
Sam shook his head. "Right. She doesn't care, and she doesn't want his car, and I got a bridge to sell you."
"What, like, scoliosis or something?"
Somehow they limp through Week 3; Dean can't shake an image of he and Cas as a pair of drowning dogs who have just barely managed to stagger, weakly, on to the far shore of a roaring river. They've made it to the other side, but they're both utterly wiped out.
Because, thing is, every passing day might be critical.
Cas and Gabe seemed to have come to some arrangement, and Cas soon gave a rough bark toward Sam and Dean, nodding sharply toward his back. Dean turned to Sam and asked, "So, you riding with Gabe now?"
Cas and Dean are in the Grand Canyon again; they're back on Bright Angel Trail, and once more Castiel slips from Dean's arms off the stone bench and plummets right down a sheer cliff. But this time Dean knows, this time he's
. The chemo treatment suddenly seems to crowd very close, as if it's rising overhead invisibly, a huge, slowly gathering tidal wave that's just about to hit.
Cas pauses for a long moment, looking down at Dean with lidded eyes. His cheeks are getting flushed; he's breathing hard. He allows Dean all of five seconds to try to get back under control, and then lifts himself up a little on his knees and inches forward, till he's straddling Dean's dick. Dean doesn't quite understand where he's going with this until Cas reaches one hand behind himself, gently wraps a warm hand around Dean's dick and starts to lower himself down. They both groan when the head of Dean's cock starts to press against something lava-hot, and silky soft, and it's yielding — it's opening, it's giving way, Dean's going
coming with me," repeated Dean, scowling at him now in the mirror.
Dean managed to stop the prayer. He raised his head and looked around, and realized he was in his own bedroom. Sam was shaking out the bedding on the bed; Dean glanced around, a little at a loss, and his eye was caught by the little black feather that was still sitting on the side table.
Dean had been suspecting this, but it was a little startling to have Castiel say it flat out.
, he remembered Cas saying.
Maybe Jimmy Novak used to give frozen grapes to little Claire whenever she was sick?
Cas had even taken to calling Sam's cell, whenever he called to check in, instead of calling Dean's. (Dean had never mentioned it. But he noticed.)
Cas takes another half-step closer. He's only about a foot away now. The late-afternoon light from the hallway window catches his face, and for a moment his eyes seem to glow an almost unearthly blue. In a flash Dean's swept back to the old days, to that terrible year he'd been thinking about earlier, when Cas had first developed that habit of inching so close like this and fixing Dean with that unearthly stare.
Cas walks over to the table and sets his angel-blade down on the table by the book. "What can I do for you?" he asks. His smile at the door had seemed genuine enough, but as he sees Dean regarding the things on the table, he seems to raise his guard. The formal tone's back in this voice, as it had been when he'd said goodnight earlier; and that slightly steely impassive look is back in his eyes.
"An accidental alabe," said Dean, "I can understand that. Anyway, we're hoping to speak with Elegua."
