Steve regards him with that look of disapproval that they must have perfected in the 40s because Tony remembers it from his father. “Well, you’re not looking into artificial intelligence again?”
He hesitates but then agrees. He knows people, he knows how to work the room. This though, this is strange and real. “Sure.”
Tony’s once pale skin blossoms with color as he gags and chokes. He rolls to his side again and his whole body quakes. He groans and paws at the mud.
“Deal with?” Steve didn’t think of himself as a knucklehead, but this Tony Stark – Howard Stark’s son – put him on edge. An edge that became the line between the past and the future. He teetered on it, ready any minute to fall, or to leap depending on the moment of the day.
“Like it’s October. It’s an Autumn sky. That’s the way it is here in August. Beautiful, forbidding. It reminds me of Norway in some ways,” Tony says as he clutches the railing.
“You don’t have to ask.”
“Did you feel anything when Bruce was checking it out?” Tony said. He hadn’t touched Steve at all.
Nothing. His own reflection answers him, haggard, old, frail. He backs away from the image, grabbing the clothes. He needs to get out, figure out how to active the serum to stop Ultron’s invasion in his head. If Ultron settles inside of him, then what will happen to his own consciousness? Would they be able to get him out? Would he have any chance of survival? Would his team need to terminate him for the good of the world?
“I just thought it might make this whole experience a little better for you. I’m team leader and I have to think about how each of the members of the team deal with things,” Steve says and he’s exiting the room. “I have breakfast. There’s more bacon.”
“Yes, my lord,” Steven says. He doesn’t pursue the issue – and Tony cannot deny he wants him to.  He wants the debate.
Tony bites back his immediate reply. After a second thought, he asks, “The umbrella table and chairs are still out here with a good view of the ocean, right?”
“Never, he wouldn’t do that to me,” Steve whispers and the tears are flowing freely now. “Did you know he was Jewish and escaped Nazi Germany? He came to America to find freedom. He came-.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steven considers the large bridge. There are a few people working on it and each of them turn in their seats to assess the omega – his omega. Tony knows his omega impresses the crew. The crew greets Steven with a quick nod. Some linger, staring and assessing his omega but they know their alpha is there to evaluate their work ethic so they quickly turn back to their stations.
“She’s beautiful- the bike- Tony. How? When did you bring her here?” Steve asks. He releases his hold of Tony.
Well, things aren’t that easy. Feed up with the dances of worries in his head, Tony finds his way down to his lab. A few hours playing with the virtual reality set up might calm his nerves. When he picks up the gear, he hears someone curse in the art room. “Steve?”
A whore.
Tony presses his chin to his chest. “God, what are you doing? Hurts like fuck, like hell.”
That is just a fantasy and one that Steve knows he must get out of his head. He doesn’t stop at the prince’s quarters to collect any of his stuff. He’s coming back, Steve promised. He makes his way through the ship without anyone stopping him. Finally, he disembarks and he walks to the main platform of the dock. The massive ship sits behind him like a mammoth wanting to charge. He races away, his heart pumping, his lungs straining. Steve heads toward his home, toward the brothel. He needs to get out, get away. Everything that’s happening is happening too fast and too slow.
“It’ll be close, but we could do it,” Pepper replies. “As long as you leave Jarvis here to help. I can pull in Natasha for security.”
Steve wanted to inquire when Wong and Strange would show up, so he plucked his phone from his pocket to check on them just as they invited themselves into the conference room. Strange swept in like a hurricane while Wong stayed quieter with more of an inner rage waiting to be unleashed – at least that’s the way Steve always interpreted his glower.
The lion in the corner shuffles about on his chain. It sits up and, even in the dim light of the cave, Tony swears the animal gazes at him.
“Soul pack?”
“Mer Rogers, the dinner will arrive in the next 15 minutes. Prince Anthony is running on time so he will be set to arrive 5 minutes after that. Is there anything else you would like to do before the arrival of the meal?”
"Do you think, dear Sentinel Guardian James that I would like to leave the most talented and strongest in the Force padawan I have ever encountered with that nightmare of a Sith Lord. Do you think that for a minute?"  It was a rare thing to see Peggy angry.
“I’ll take blueberries.”
Tony doesn’t answer.
“Securing perimeter for entrance. Thor and Falcon follow the wayward pack members,” Tony said and blasted off a round of rockets and repulsor fire toward the gates to open them for Steve.
“Still not understanding anything that you’re saying. He’s different. He’s not a vampire. What?” Steve asked, and the confused anger boiled to the top again. He wasn’t healthy enough to keep it in check. Stoicism was easier when he wasn’t weak. The thing inside of him, eating away at his resolve, at his strength roiled and turned as if it wanted to transform Steve – as if he was under attack from inside. He shivered at the fear of it – of himself. “What the hell are you talking about? Am I in some other reality? Some other dimension?”
Tony recalled Steve doing something similar to that after the train crash. Instead of continuing a confrontational avenue to discuss Barnes, Tony went another way. “So, you know him, right? What do you think he’s doing there? Is he there to exact vengeance on Hydra? Or is he there looking for a handler? Looking for his masters?”
“Yeah, I get that,” Steve said and then to turn the subject around and keep them inching step by step toward recovery in their relationship, he added, “By the way I think this whole thing that I’m Divini too is a lot of hooey.”
“Come on, you’re alive,” Steve mutters and repeats it again and again as if saying the mantra will force it to be true. Dragging Tony further up the bank, Steve kneels next to him and turns him onto his side. He smacks him a few times in the back eliciting a wet cough and then choking noises. “Come on, Tony, come on.”
“Buck, Buck,” Steve says.
“Your head is all over the place,” Sam said and blinked a few times.
Crossing his arms, he considers her bait but doesn’t take it. “I have my ideas. But this isn’t the time or the place to discuss them.”
“So what do we actually know about this omega?”
“Why can’t we do an Independence Day on him?” Sam had asked.
Tony makes him feel.
“You have a list?”
“It is when you get thirteen of the most ruthless groups together vying for power in the same place asking them to negotiate a new government, especially when the first try failed so spectacularly.” He sweeps his hand over the map and the geography changes showing the setting of the Peace Conference.
“Why? I don’t? What’s wrong?” Tony does steer the car to a side street and curbs it.
The blotch on his soul stains it, trying to consume it.  Steve recognizes that there is another entity within him, holding him back, binding him to the Soul Keeper.
Tony squeezed Steve’s hand. “I didn’t say the plan was perfect, but if we could find a neutral party you could trust?”
They fly then. They fly far and wide and escape the lights, the sounds, the chaos of the city and their lives. They fly away.
“My reputation proceeds me. That’s nice to know.”
Tony scrubbed a hand through his hair. “Pepper-.”
“Please, Steve. Please.”
“Oh I-.” Steve has no response so he bites back his words.
Steve snorts. “Everyone but Clint apparently. I don’t know about you. I knew how I felt about you.”
“Oh God! Ste- Captain, let me. Let me come!”
“Doesn’t give you a rash – I mean down there?”
“It means I’m starting to remember.”
After days at the Council’s meeting estate, he heads back to the Stark mansion. He intends to take a long bath, throw back a few good drinks, sleep for an age, but not before he fucks his omega senseless. He has to admit, Steven is brilliant. His tactics to counter whatever Estane does have been not only intelligent but somehow slightly tainted. After a particularly difficult parliamentary proceedings meeting, Steven had taken Tony aside and said, “Watch Estane. I don’t trust him. He’s not to be trusted. He may have walked away from the Stark Family, but he still thinks of it as his.”
“Why the hell are we going up?”
“That was,” Tony pauses and breathes, then rights his glasses. “That was very nice. Very.”
Tony moans and shivers. He feels like that seventeen-year-old again. But this is hundreds, thousands times better than quickies in the library stacks, or in the men’s room at the local bar near MIT. This is a real connection, not just some bodies fucking, but a celebration. He grabs for Steve as he hears the click of the tube opening.
Instead every moment further away from Tony sent draggers of pain through his soul mark on his wrist and up through the scarring on his chest. He kept going though, because he knew he had to accept the responsibility as the pack leader. He couldn’t delegate the duty all the time. Tony would understand, he told himself with a nod. He had to believe it. Tony wanted a resolution to the idea of having a member of the pack that he saw as a threat. Steve grasped the initiative to do something about it. Tony couldn’t fault him, could he?
“I’m not sure the library is what I need,” Steve had replied and felt as if the muscles of his back and shoulders were bundled into knots. He’d spent his life in service and now he was a lost thing, a tool without purpose. But he had followed the advice of the new King of Wakanda and ended up in the library in the back room, searching through old texts.
“Thank you. Coming right up.” Steve busies himself with fixing the coffee and then bringing it over to the table as Morgan and her father settle into a booth.  He digs out a book about knights and places it in front of the little girl. She smiles sweetly and starts paging through it. She oohs and aahs over the pictures of the Red and Silver Knights.
When Tony opens the door to the office and guides Steve out, he glimpses a shade of fear wash over his face. Is it even possible for Captain America to be frightened? “It’s going to be okay. I got the other guys.”
“I already purchased rings, sir. They will be delivered shortly.”
Steve only shakes his head.
“Drink the coffee.”
“Yeah, it was, and I should have said something sooner. I can list the excuses. I wanted to find him first, I wanted to see confirmation of the information. Anything, but none of it really had mattered. Maybe part of me just didn’t want to believe it.” Steve wished there were ducks on the lake. As a kid he never got to experience nature, being a city boy and a sickly one at that. He liked the lake.
Natalie places the straw on her tongue and sips her drink. “I can’t imagine what it would be like trying to get water rights under their reign. It won’t go well. We’ll have a dozen uprisings and revolts not from lowly omegas but middling alphas, too.”
Clearly Tony understands the bet already. “Yeah, those. You can fuck me in public in one of those.”
“Okay,” Tony said and sat up near the head of the bed. Scratches marred the old wooden headboard of the bed. Definitely not Tony’s bed or room or apartment.  Steve moved closer and he blocked the moonlight streaming in from the window. In the distance, Tony could hear the streets below – nothing sounded right. He shouldn’t even be able to hear the street – hell, his windows didn’t open in the penthouse. But the old fashioned window was open slightly in the summer night.
Steve glances up from his focus on Tony’s hand. “Do we have them now?”
The newly crowned King of Wakanda sent an offer to the Avengers. The world had previously categorized Wakanda as a developing nation, but with the death of T’Challa’s father by the hands of Strucker, things changed rapidly. From Tony’s review of the news, he knew that there had been a violent upheaval and challenge to the throne. T’Challa had settled the dispute, though he admitted that closing off Wakanda and not bettering the world for all under privileged people was a mistake of the past. When Wakanda called, not about Barnes’ arm, but about his psychological health all bets were off. Steve jumped at the chance to give back his Brother a normal life – Tony stayed quiet.
Tony’s stomach growls loud and insistent. “Great! You ate all the rabbit. Maybe save some for your doctor.”
“I’m fine,” he says through closed lips.
“I’m army and I’m on the ground. We have air defenses of Falcon, Thor, and you. That’s good enough for me.”
“I think you give me too much credit,” Steve said. “Everyone does. Sam, Nat, you.”
“I’ll deny it for the rest of this dead life. Or whatever the hell it is.”
Tony puts up his hand to stop Wong. “Let’s remember I don’t want anyone not vetted and under a non-disclosure agreement in this room.”
“But you don’t see the same thing in each dimension,” Steve returns. “Doors open and close. The facets held places and times. You see different things.”
They started again, and Tony muttered, “So fucking glad I always bring lube.”
Though he couldn’t say whether or not Steve felt the same way. Granted, they spent the day after Peggy’s funeral and burial together. They wandered London streets. Steve told Tony stories of the SSR’s headquarters in London, his brief breaks from the war here, and he pointed out areas of London that had seen devastation from the nightly air raids.  All of the destruction had been swept away by recovery and progress. Tony wondered how much of the war had been cleaned away for Steve. Most of it seemed to be only a heartbeat away for him. London seemed to stop time for Steve. Steve made history that seemed prehistoric sometimes when Tony thought of it, come alive. He smiled at Tony, clasped his hand as they made their way through the crowded streets. He even held the door for Tony when they stopped by a small restaurant for quick meal.  When they got ready to pack and leave London for New York again, Steve stopped by Tony’s hotel room. Tony invited him in and Steve awkwardly talked to Tony until he just couldn’t handle the pressure anymore and finally kissed him. Tony was a little taken back by Steve’s initiative, but when he broke away from the kiss, he smiled and Tony and murmured he would see him on the plane. He scurried out of the room like a mouse racing away from a cat. And didn’t that image just not fit Captain America at all. Somehow, it amused and tickled Tony that Steve trusted him, wanted it, and took a few uneasy steps toward the new horizon.
“Well, sometimes you can’t fight the universe,” Steve said but he had to admit, a certain amount of pride and happiness warmed him.
Bucky had leapt at him as soon as the door locked. With no lights on in the room, Steve failed to defend himself in those first crucial moments. To this day, the feeling of Bucky over him, hovering, panting, reminds him of a savage beast. His clothes had been torn away, He tried to help and tell Bucky it would be okay. Everything was okay. But it wasn’t. And what happened next would haunt them both.
Steve nods and catches himself. “Thank you, Tony. This is great. I do want to ask.” He stumbles over the next part, but he needs to figure out how he’s going to assist Tony in the technical aspects of his job. “How are the drawings going to help you.”
Clint laughs loud and long at that one. “God you’re a real prick when you want to be.”
“Did a little Helen Keller act?” Steve asks and then immediately regrets it. He hisses inwardly and chides himself.
“Show, second position.”
When he looks up from his meal, Tony gazes at him as if he sees the far reaches of the galaxy and knows the meaning of it all. Steve flushes hotly and puts his finished bowl down.
“People are loyal to you even without being paid to do it, Tony. I don’t think you get that. Pepper, Happy, myself. I would never leak your secret.”
“Like you did for me?”
All the while Steve mentally self-flagellates, Tony buzzes around the room. He has the laptop computer set up on his nightstand with the glasses hooked up via USB port – apparently the arm turns into a connector. He’s explaining to them as he works, “The glasses will be upgraded but I’m hardwiring it for the upgrade because it will also backup the implant at the same time. Of course, the implant can only upgrade and backup through wireless.”
“I know that,” Tony said – maybe a little too fast, a little too sharp. He closed his eyes for a moment and then nodded again. “I do get it. I do. It’s just.” He halted and ran a hand through his hair. The silence swallowed up the room before Tony started again. “I need you.” He looked away. “I need you to be with me, to -. I need to know we’re going to be okay. After- after all that happened, I can’t take this.” He slammed a fisted hand into his chest. “I can’t take this if you’re not at my side. I’m not ready for this. I don’t want it. I’d rather have died on that rooftop if I can’t have you.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony said and hadn’t even realized he’d been thinking it.
Steve bends over to gather his supplies. “How would he know? You said he can’t read our minds.” He switches off the sterno burner, packs the lantern, and slips the thermos into his pack. He misses the shield but then he remembers the small clip on his cuff.
“Boss, you are not going to like what I’m reading.”
He shakes his head. How do the demons read his mind?
“Or not at all,” Tony whispers.
Tony studied him for a long moment, his brows curled up, his focus intense. He sidled over to Steve since they had physically separated since they woke up. “It’s new.”
“But they wouldn-.”
Tony races up the rest of the path and launches himself onto the lion’s back. “Blu! You came back.”  He nestles his face into the thick mane and holds on for dear life. His heart crashes loud in his ears and his eyes prickle with tears. “I won’t leave you. I’ll find a way to bring you home.”
“So you don’t punish?”
“You don’t believe me.”
“Been gardening, Cap?”
Caning. Does he deserve caning?
“Teenager?” Steve asks.
“Thor, we’ll get your telegraph sent. I’ll make sure of it,” Steve says. He’ll have to tackle the unstable Doom in order to get it done.
“And?”
He’s not lying – the whole of the inside of the ship lights up as the blasts smash into their targets. Bucky loses his grip and flies toward the bulkhead, crashing into it and smacking his head. Sam slides close by him, cradling his head. Redwing flutters around lost with the cap still on his head. Sam reaches out and tugs it off so the bird can find purchase.
“Wh-why?” Steve says and his throat feels raw like he’s been screaming for days over the sounds of a battle.
“Well, it’s something new for me,” Steve replies as he puts some of the covered trays around them so that they can pick at the food as they rest. He takes some of the bottles of water and drinks an entire one before he sits down next to Tony.
“But it isn’t.” Steve gazes at him. “It’s not. Ultron’s ultimate goal with building Vision was to become more human, an idealized version of humanity. In the end though he only has one figure that’s his model.”
“No, I don’t know that,” Bucky says and steps away from Steve for a moment. When Steve looks over his shoulder he glimpses his friend shaking his head. He wonders if it is in frustration or in surrender. He doesn’t want Bucky to give up on him.
“The baffles should keep the wind from causing too much trouble,” Steve says but already he feels the heat and leans toward it. He cringes as his hands thaw.
Steve looks pale beneath the grime of battle. Blood is every where and Tony wonders how much is his and how much is Steve’s. Arms gather him close and Steve lifts him, still in the armor. He must pass out because the next time he wakes he’s in a hospital room with Steve lying in the bed next to him. The wreckage of the battle is gone. The bright lights, the sunlight streaming in through the windows surprises him. He never expected to wake at all.
Clint laughed while Natasha made little moaning noises. “I’m dying here. Respect my peace.”
“A little,” Tony mutters and sighs while he rubs a hand down his beard. “This is not good news.”
He situates Steve onto the bank of the river and checks out the opposite side. The fortress partially collapsed into the one side and there are troopers starting to emerge. The air defense has picked up but he doesn’t spot Sam anywhere. Fighters zoom through the air – they remind him of the tie-fighters of old but the design differs in that the central cockpit or pod isn’t a hexagonal rounded shape but more oval like an egg and it looks like its hinged, and can swing and rotate on an axis. What it means is that Steve and Bucky are sitting ducks out on the uncovered riverbank. He either has to pick Steve up again and dash to the woods for cover or hope that Clint isn’t over estimating his time to pick up.
“Just,” Bruce muttered but had a hold of Natasha’s hand.
“You can hardly stand and your barefoot. When did you lose your boots?” Tony says and zips closed his bag. “Sit down. I’ll go.”
“Have you not heard of Saint Anthony’s Fire?” Thor asks.
“You died when we got to the Helicarrier.” His voice quaked. Steve imagined a wobbling top spinning until all the rotations were over and it finally collapsed. Maybe that was what he was – nearly done with life. “They didn’t have any doctors here. It was decommissioned ages ago, but Fury and his little group of rebels managed to get it in the air and rescue us from the Triskelion. Thor and Bruce helped. I set the god damned place on fire. They saved us. All of us, even Clint’s family.”  He gulped again, and it struck Steve that Tony didn’t breathe. Not as a vampire, but did he as a Divini? “You died, and I didn’t know what I could do. I gave you what I could.” Tony compulsively stroked his hands over Steve, on his chest, his shoulders, down his arms. “I gave you the blood that you gave me.”
By the time the sun has inched its way toward a low mid-sky zenith of autumn, Steve calls a halt. Though Tony tries to protest, Steve shrugs him off. “The horses need a drink, and I'd like to have a bit of the sandwiches Miss Darcy had the good sense to pack us.”
Steve eyed Thor who had stepped on a toy and knocked it under the coffee table to hide it. Bruce hung in the background and Sam only arched a brow at Nat as she embraced the children she obviously knew. Maybe this was the unknown in the equations that Tony talked about for Nat as well.
“It wasn’t much, but I couldn’t,” Steve said. “We went through what we were able to save when Ma got sick. I couldn’t make the rent a few months in a row. Old man Miller needed the money too. So I left.”
She rolls her eyes and smiles, that sweet kind of smile only predators use to lure their prey closer. “Tell me, Rogers, do you know which of the Corps is the big bad this time?”
“It’s a little hot to snuggle,” Tony says, but he still rests his head against the lion’s giant side. In due course, he falls asleep.
“I knew you were the smart one, Doc,” Steve replied.
Once he catches his breath again, Peter drops down to the floor, runs over to Tony and says, “I’ll be by in the morning. Can we work in the shop then?”
It’s time to move on but his brain doesn’t let him. His brain keeps playing the same scene over and again.
“I’ll do what I can, but Steve-.”
“Oh.” Steve’s words die in his throat. What can he say to that confession? “I-silly. I thought it survived for some reason.” He doesn’t admit that he’d thought it was because of his transcendental love. Because he knows – if he gets right down to it – that he loved Peggy mainly from afar. He laughs a little – a lot like now. He looks up at Tony, desperately wanting not to repeat history again, yet just as desperately muted and somber with reality. “I guess some things, some things were never meant to be.” He tears his glance away before Tony can meet it.
Steve glances at the window but then back at what he’s doing; dishing out their breakfast. He keeps his gaze lower as he answers, “I don’t think we’re getting out of here any time soon. You’re welcome to call Natasha and see if she can get a Quin Jet for us. All flights have been canceled at the airport over three states, though.”
Steve pushed his fingers into his eyes and said, “Can we just not right now?”
Maybe it was his own guilt and fear that kept him from thinking about Steve or even asking for a status as they flew to the Tower. His mind circled around the suit and trying to find out what else was wrong with it. Why it happened, what was next on the agenda for suit upgrades. Somewhere along the way, he found out the pilot was Sharon Carter – an ex-SHIELD agent. From her conversation with Clint, he gathered she interviewed with the CIA to join their ranks. It never occurred to Tony to worry about what happened to all the non-Hydra agents from SHIELD. He thought of Maria Hill who Pepper had hired for Stark Industries, and who seemed to do double duty with Fury – on his spy missions. Who knew what resources Fury had at his disposal.
“You want me to put the coffee on hold? I mean we should try these out.” Tony quirks a brow. “For science.”
“Steve,” Bucky hisses.
Tony sighed. “Steve, open your eyes. I swear this isn’t going to hurt. What would you like me to do?” He waited as Steve looked at him and panted a little. “I want you, but I don’t know. I don’t know what men actually
“What’s going on?” Bucky strolled into the room. Even when he was angry, Bucky kept a certain swagger to his step. “I’ll tell you what’s going on.” He plucked the cigarette from his lips and pulled out his match book. “I’ll tell you. That is a man in your bed. You got fucking hickeys all over your neck and chest. And you been fucking a guy or should I assume you’re the little woman in this relationship?”
Cho said – Cho decided. “What’s this with Cho? When do I get to speak with her?”
Pulling out his phone, he presses on her contact. In short order she answers, “Stark, you can’t even make it two hours.”
CHAPTER 14
“Fuck!” Tony said and sat up. “Do we have a fucking chance or not? Is he going to do this split off and die thing? Is that what he’s trying to do?”
“Where would you like to go first,” Steve says, and he tries to stay chipper about it. As he glances around the wooded island, he admits to himself that he loves the peace and solitude, so different from the fast pace of the city. He barely ever got a chance to hike and hang out in the woods as a child.
Steve kept quiet and never said a word about it throughout those long wonderful first days with Tony. Tony had been more than willing to enjoy those first days. When Tony agreed to put Steve in the cage, after he directly disobeyed an order not to come, part of Steve’s nature exploded with joy. Even though he kept his reaction stoic and quiet, he curled up in that cage and gloried in the rough feel of it against his skin.  The cage was only as big as a large dog crate and Steve couldn’t move well in it at all.
“Well bygones and all that,” Tony said with a wave. “Now, is there anything else?” He hoped to God that Rogers had something else to talk about – waiting for nearly two years to apologize for something that wasn’t his fault seemed awfully crappy. A theme in Tony’s life.
“Shit, no! I want to take you. It’s already all over the media that we’re dating. Or they suspect you’re my newest beau. Plus, it gives a good reason for you to be at my elbow all the time.” Tony grins and all Steve can think about the cat that ate the canary. “Come on. Fake date me.”
Everything special about you came out of a bottle.
“It isn’t pleasant.” There’s no vomit smell in the helmet – but the bleach stench overpowers everything. It stings his eyes. “How long ago did he wash this thing out?”
Happy motions for the security force steps to the side allowing Tony, Steve, and Everhart to meet. The reporter studies Tony much like a spider considers its prey, trapped, webbed, and ready to drain.
“Searching, sir,” JARVIS says.
Pep raises a brow at him and waits. She always looks like she’s up to something. “So, I’ll assign Omega Steven as Master of Security. Should I have him outfitted as such and assigned to the Master’s quarters?”
Steven presses his lips into a tight line and pauses before he answers. When he does, he looks straight through Tony as if he’s talking to a ghost. “Someday, you may.”
“They usually aren’t staying long,” Coulson says but he’s already lost the fight and deflates a degree. “When can you install a lock?”
Dark circles shadow his eyes. The paleness of his skin is only shocking compared to the angry red welts on his face and across his chest as if he’s still healing from being used as a target in training practices. From this angle he doesn’t look as sickly, there’s muscle to his chest and thighs. He’s not as solid as he should be, but he’s not a skeleton. Tony sees the wounds near his gland against his collar bone – it’s inflamed and hot – maybe due to impending heat.
Tony sweeps away the gossip news. “How many times do I have to tell you Friday, that’s trash you’re watching?”
In a reverenced awe, Steve says, “I bet it did. Wow. I’m impressed.”
His face battered, his eyes glassy with pain, Steve only answers with a soft keening sounds as if he’s lost in the fever of his agony. Whatever his captors laid over him, Tony grabs it and tries again to push it off.
Tony smiled. It reminded him of electron orbitals around a nucleus – different orbitals from the s to p to d had different shapes, different attractions. “Do you want to know which cluster is which?”
Tony looks up at the tree and then back at Steve. “This is the Soul Realm, Steve, nothing is logical here. This tree – it’s part of Yggdrasil. It’s branches reach all over the universe. It provides.”
“Well, that’s nice.”
“But you’ve already done so much for me. Gotten me out of that hospital, saved me from spending the rest of my life as a lion-.”
“No. You’re someone. Who are you?” Tony asks. It sounds like the thunder of the ocean waves crashing against the shore dinning out all other noises.
“I’m not the best candidate for this,” Tony said. “I seriously don’t deal with feelings, emotions well myself.”
“Yes, sir. It seems as if that vestiges of the terrorists known as the Ten Rings have been pursuing the lion. The local radio in the area state that the new leader sees the lion as a prize to be taken, killed, and skinned. He wants to don the skin as a token of his strength.”
“Val-valium?”
“You do submit to me, don’t you?”
Once in his room, Steve spends time packing the clothes because Natasha indicated that he will be staying with the prince. If the prince decides that Steve needs to leave each night, he’ll just have to drag his bag back to the brothel. Thankfully, Wanda offers him a suitcase that’s not a torn duffle. He’s careful to stow the brooch in an internal side pocket of the suitcase.  Finished packing, Steve spends some time in the bathroom cleaning and shaving. He takes the prophylactic meds to ensure he’s clean and the resident AI registers his compliance.
into place.
Even as Steve met Bruce’s green gaze, he knew it was finished. There was no turning back, and if the serum couldn’t stop it in Steve, then the faulty serum that caused Bruce to turn into the Hulk wouldn’t be able to stop the course of nature. A nature that seemed so out of place for Steve. The brand was done.
“Want to watch. I want to see,” Steve said and craned his neck as Tony spread the lube on his fingers.
Aside from the bed, there’s a wash basin and a toilet in a small room off the main room. All servants use the main shared showers. There’s nothing personal in the room. There’s also a chair and a table with the V-net screens and computer. When Tony enters, Steven looks up from the table near the computer outlet. He doesn’t even try to hide that he’s reading sensitive information.  The screen still bleeds the information into a holographic display in front of him.
“Most of the time,” Clint said and winked at Steve. “Just hold tight. We’re not planning on being airborne too long.”
“He did, huh?”
"You can't."
“Who did he kill?”
As they put distance between the horses and the town, Steve scans the horizon, the Rocky Mountains ragged and potent. They won’t be venturing too close, but along the foothills, the mountains make their presence know. The winters can be powerful and unforgiving. Steve glances at Tony and frowns.
“Okay, you want a job, you want to do something. Get us a town doctor, or at least someone to shoe our horses,” Steve says. “Do that, and I can deputize you.”
“You know I’m not sure if you’re about to throw me a welcoming party or try and shoot me dead. But that last isn’t going to work, so I’ll just ask where’s the cake,” Tony says as he lets the shoulder panels open once again and JARVIS targets the Hunter’s soldiers.
Someone clears their throat and Tony jumps away from Steve. “What? What is it?”
After a very short wait, a tall, angular and peculiar man enters the room. He has a stern but fierce look on his face and studies both of them before greeting them, “Tony, how are you today?”
Pepper is the one who saves him. “I think this is a perfect opportunity, Tony. We can use this to our advantage. You have several new and upcoming developments for the company. Especially your artificial intelligence advances that would change everything in the world and your newest innovations on smart tech. I think we put on a gala. We can use the Autumn gala that the Foundation always puts on.”
Sawyer cleared his throat and adjusted his belt where a shock bully club hung. “Not in the last decade. But we got precautions.”
The race up the hill becomes more ridiculous by the moment as they clamber and scale as if in slow motion for a movie. Tony skids and slips bringing down Steve with him. He falls smack in the muddy slush on the side where he had the injured rib. It takes the breath out of his lungs, but he recovers quickly, and half drags Tony back to his feet. Without protest Tony manages to trudge forward, blasting the snowy path. Steve cedes the lead to him and turns to face their pursuer.
Standing, Tony does a short bow. “Please, let’s put this aside for now and dance.”
“I don’t want Bucky to see me right now,” Steve says and he opens the door with a clank of the key in the lock. Once inside, he crosses over to the bathroom and without a word, closes the door. The water turns on. Tony stands in the middles of the studio apartment, lost and frightfully aware of his impotence. It should be funny that he feels that way within a hooker’s abode, but it’s not. It feels fucking painful and wrong. He feels worn and open and somehow empty with a sense of dread eating into the darkness in his soul.
On the plane, Tony leaves Steve to his own devices and goes to the back of his jet to relax and have a good stiff bourbon. He lets it burn his throat as he eyes his passenger. Steve glances around the cabin and walks toward a window. He bends over to peer out. He settles on the chair closest to the window with his legs curled under him. He places his head on the arm of the chair and closes his eyes. For such a big guy, Tony’s surprised he can ball up so tiny. It recalls to him the fact that Captain America would use his famous shield to protect himself in battle. Tony knows the shield. His father recovered it years ago from the Arctic Ocean. At least now Tony sees that wasn’t a myth, but a truth.
know how to use it.”
“Yeah, don’t you think? We could do it now and then you could – you know – go with the rest of the team and get them all selected.” The way Tony stood in the bland apartment, expectant, made the brown seem not so dull and earthy. It also irritated Steve.
He can count on the team. The Avengers are there for him. Sam and Natasha are his closest friends. Wanda is like the little sister he never had. Clint like the screwball cousin with the secret wife. He smiles. It’s enough, he tells himself. It has to be enough. The needs of the world supersede the needs and desires of one man. He looks over at Tony whose turned away from the light to sleep.
As he ponders his choices, Steve says, “I’ll stay. You don’t really want me to come with you. I can stay and watch over it.”
“Be careful,” is all Steve says before he nods to Rhodes to stay with Pepper and escorts Tony with the guards toward the back of the stage.
“Sure, sure,” Bruce says and hurries back to the kitchen.
“Tony, what now? What’s wrong?” A stricken expression etches her face, furrowing her brow and pinching her nose.
Steve looked up where the penthouse was and then back at Thor. The idea of leaving Tony alone in a vulnerable state as he desperately sank into a well of sorrow pushed Steve toward the edge of his own despair. He’d only just came to a comfortable understanding with his sexuality and now the haunting images of the dream space shadowed him. Having it hang over his head pushed down on his shoulders until he literally felt it in his bones.
“Natasha called,” Clint said. As her mate, Clint would want to get out of Dodge as well. “She thought they might pull something like this. I was on duty-.”
Steve fists his hands and clenches his jaw. He shakes his head, and then reaching out to Fury, hoping to appeal to his friend. He keeps his eyes averted. “You can’t ask me to do this.”
“Great,” Steve said and went to turn back to the window.
Getting to the door to Tony’s quarters, Steve goes to enter, and the door remains locked. He tries again and it doesn’t budge. “JARVIS?”
Steve snaps his attention to Tony. There are tears in his eyes. “I was stupid, okay? I got attached. I shouldn’t have. Now – damn it. Maybe I can meet Rumlow again. Get him to deal.”
If it comes down to it, he’ll do it himself. He’ll cut it out.
They had made a fine little life in the woods.
Tony returns as he’s trying to steady his brain, come to grips with what’s happening to him.
The Widow rounds the desk, and she leans against it when she faces him. Her hands clasp in front of her. She’s relaxed but not entirely open to him. “So, tell me your story Steve Rogers.”
“Natasha, no.”
Steve falls silent because he has no good excuse, no good idea why it isn’t. He had no free will if he’s to believe everything they’ve told him. For 15 years he toiled under the will of the Soul Keeper. He recalls the adoration he had for the mysterious creature as if the Keeper was his god. He curses low in his throat. “I guess you’re right.”
Steve squeezes him tightly. “Did I tell you that I’m all of 163 centimeters from the tip of my head to my toes and I am all wrapped around you for as long as you need.”
First position is easy – it is essentially the presentation position. He’s already in it. He expects the alpha decided to start with this one to ease him into it. He knows that show positions were used for mating blocks and the Stalls way back when. Alpha walks around him assessing his form.
“Well, what are husband’s for?”
Stark smiles with a half crooked curve of his lips. “Because I know quite a bit about you. Many do.”
For some reason, Steve feels insanely, inexplicably protective of Tony and holds him closer, allowing his head to fall against his chest. Tony grabs onto him, tugging the fabric of his Cambric shirt, but Steve doesn’t complain. He walks toward the house, remembering their words from earlier in the evening, their dance and touch of flesh and their kiss. It is something he longs for, something wants deeply.
Tony shrugs. “I went through a phase right after my parents died where I bought all kinds of stuff that I didn’t need. I bought the Harley and repaired her. She was ready for the scrap pile.”
The mishmash of words collides in Tony’s head. How does this have anything to do with Tony? He’s not sure he wants the responsibility of Captain America as a hooker in New York City.
Tony heard a scruff of a chair against the tiled floor and then the heavy footsteps of his uncle. Backing away from the door, he scrambled to hide behind a row of hedges as Obie opened the door to the workshop.
“Like yes, I want coffee,” Tony said. His dismissal of the fact that he bubbled over with nervous energy in front of him put a little quirk in Steve’s grin. It was almost like Tony might actually
Steve sat next to him and smiled as Tony met his gaze. With the fire of mathematics sizzling through him mind, Tony returned that smile, because he could figure out a way to ensure this worked, he resolved to do it. It shouldn’t be hard.
“Is that what happened?” Did he have some bad drugs? He hasn’t tripped on drugs in ages. “What the hell? JARVIS?”
“Are you sure?” The sting still ached in his wrist where the band was and now there was the new brand with its intricate weaving up his forearm.
“If it matters, I do care,” Steve says. She had offered him kindness once, when Tiberius’ father only offered cruelty. She’s part of the reason he survived. He often thinks of her fondly, but does not call up any memories of what happened when they were both tortured by Ultron.
“I’m starving,” Steve says as he chews his sandwich. “Fries are cold. They’re really no good cold.”
Tony snickers as they leave Vanko behind but when his gaze meets Steve’s it hardens. Swallowing down his trepidation, Steve offers, “If you really want to shop, then you should visit The Cage. Luke is one of the best on Prime.” He dangles the peace offering hoping that Tony will snag it.
“You looked out to the docks. You just stepped away from me.” Steve raises his eyebrow at Tony. “You’re not supposed to be accessing the implant right now. The upgrade hasn’t even been tested. It could fry your brain.”
“Probably a little crazier,” Tony said, because he knew that JARVIS would have secured him a suite with multiple rooms.
There’s no sense in trying to figure that out. Steve needs to find his weakness, not Tony’s weakness. Besides, he already knows Tony’s weakness. It’s Pepper. Any time anything is about her, Tony always rides the waves back to her, regardless of the storm he might encounter. It’s not his business at all, but he never thought she was a good match for Tony.
Tony moves back into his seat but doesn't release Steve's hands. It is only then that Steve realizes Jarvis remains in the room, quiet, unassuming, an observer. With light caresses of Steve's hands, Tony says, "You intrigue me, Captain." He bows his head for a moment, and then looks up. "The honorable Captain captured in the deep South, tortured but still fighting for the rights of the little guy in the prison camp. You are a giant among men."
“Do you think it’s wise, sir? Considering you think the fate of the world rests on this turning point?”
“Dead mother?” he speaks and his voice rasps, breathy and pained.
It is Steve’s turn to search Tony’s eyes, but he finds no answers. “Why, why me?”
Tony frowns and turns his back on the great expanse of his gardens. “What do you mean?”
Tony shifts his gaze to Steve. His eyes are bright with tears. “I know.” There’s something pleading in his voice. It tells Steve not to shatter this moment.
“Thanks, Pep.” He grasps her hand for a second, just a slight touch – a connection she knows he needs and allows it. He blows out a heavy breath. “Okay, let’s get this over with.”
“As you say, my lord.”
Tony wanted to agree, to say ‘you’re damned right’ but the truth was – and he found it hard to swallow because who could he take his grief out on – that the guilty party was Hydra, not Barnes and surely not Steve. “Just go, I need – I need some time.”
“Lots of blood though,” Steve said, meaning for it to be light and funny, but it fell flat.
“It’s a weapon. It can incinerate anyone.” Tony showed Steve his hands. “These too. The ones on my feet help me levitate.”
Steve glanced out at the sun and then back to Tony. “It’s protected?”
Steve spies that Hulk won’t be put off for very long. “I’m not too sure we’ll have time to get a grappling hook put together.”
“Gonna be up soon? Is there a problem?”
Stained by violence and death.
“I can support him and say it until I’m blue in the face, but he has to be willing to -.” Tony stopped. He wasn’t sure what he was looking for from Steve. He recalled those erotic dreams, the shared one in London.  Yet, he wanted something more.
Mother.
“Not yet. It hasn’t been anything visual. I tested Barton to see if it was something to do with him and he – it can’t be. He glitches too much. Ultron’s constantly having to reboot him. Not really, but he isn’t it.” Tony sighs. “This might take longer than we hoped.”
“You know, I know we shared close quarters for a while there, but usually I expect a little foreplay. Maybe a drink or two.” He doesn’t say dinner. Because he’s the dinner.
If Tony grins, Steve doesn’t know, he only says, “We’re off to see the wizard.”
The dining room is decorated with the finest furniture. A table for eight with carved wood and a brilliant candle chandelier over it. The china cabinet in the corner shows off the best porcelain dishes and crystal. Steve looks down at his work worn hands, and can’t remember when he ate off anything as fine and perfect. He’s only ever eaten out of tin cans or wooden plates with spoons. He drinks from tin cups, mason jars, or leather pouches.
Steve only wants to repeat the same words back to Tony, but instead, he grasps the smaller man’s shoulders. He wants to touch, anything even a chaste interaction. “Is that a bad thing?”
“Make it one.” Tony didn’t want to sound like he was begging but this was far outside his expertise and he needed a cool head around – not that Happy and Pepper didn’t supply that but neither of them had military training to deal with the guards.
“I think that Wanda thinks so, which is very strange and outside my limited old man range of understanding.” He indicates the soup. “Drink. We have to keep our strength up in his virtual world.”
The massive animal settles down, sitting, while he allows Tony to run his hands over his side and flanks. It doesn’t take long to find the horrible slice across Blu’s back. The lion rumbles low in his throat but doesn’t move as Tony inspects the ugly wound. “It doesn’t look infected.”
“W-way out? New life?”
“You can’t tell me you’ve never seen a wrapper before,” Steve returns and Tony laughs.
“What about you?” Tony says and his own voice is husky and raw with want.
The arch of electricity crawled out like a carrion crow’s claws, scraping at both Bucky and Tony. The armor screeched in protest, but Bucky fell away, stumbling against the pain of the shock. Steve stepped in between them, warning off Bucky but at the same time trying to spot Natasha as she lurked in the wooded area around the cabin’s entrance.
“Yeah, a new light,” Tony said as he finished cleaning the sink. He turned off the water. “You could say it that way. A new light shone, and I suddenly got it.”
“Doing good. Kick it into high gear.” Tony wants to feel the speed, see the blur of the landscape as the colors bleed together.  “Just remember there’s not a lot of paved road here.”
“What’s it waiting for?”
“Trust you? I don’t even know you.” Jarvis huffs. “The only reason I am even talking to you and telling you anything is that you’ve signed the non-disclosure. You can’t legally say anything. But know this, Captain Rogers.” Jarvis leans in. He shadows the windows to the outside. “Master Tony’s put his trust in you. If you break that trust, then it will be me you answer to. I will ensure that you will be very miserable, Captain Rogers, for the rest of your days.”
“Yeah sure, ask the good sheriff to join us.” He hears some scuffling and, for a moment, considers declining any invitation but then a slight moan and a rapid intake of breath draws him nearer to the curiosity of Tony Stark.
“Let me make love to you,” Steve demanded. “You just asked me to-.”
“Did you break it? Did you do that?”
“Thanks, thanks for that image, it helps. A lot,” Steve says and the floor drops out from under him and he plunges like he’s dropping into Wonderland and not a nightmare of human existence again. The Boundaries shatter and he plummets into the dark cave again, startling awake.
Cradling his head in his hands and leaning against his legs, Steve succumbs to the tension and fear building inside of him. He ran from Tony for a reason, one that he’s trying desperately to hide from – and using all the power of his tactician mind to warp into a rationale. Even though he asked for help from Natasha regarding Stane, Steve recognizes the truth. Shit, even Natasha saw right through him when he talked with her. It’s not that hard to figure out – it’s not his fault. Not really, Tony Stark is a damned charming guy. Who would blame him?
Tony begins to turn, to walk away, but Steven isn’t finished yet even as Jamison and Harry approach him. “You’re better than this. I know you are. I know the core of the man you are.”
“Well, no. Usually I take a date to the Foundation’s Galas. So, I need one.” Tony waits. His expression placid as if he just asked Steve to tie his shoes.
“Thank you, I appreciate it.” Steve nods but doesn’t move to go upstairs.
“You have to know.” He spoke with a ruined voice. “You have to know that I didn’t want to hurt anyone. Not even him. I was just-.” He stopped, and he couldn’t continue. What did he mean? What had his purpose been to follow Steve? Toward what end? “I didn’t want you to leave me for him. I didn’t want you to leave.” He wiped away the tears, angry at himself for crying, weeping for himself. “I needed you to stay. You don’t know. You don’t know how it was. I cried for my mother.” He heaved in a breath and then his body shook as he released it. “I cried so hard when she died. But I never-.” Tony paused and fought to get the words out. “I didn’t cry for him. Never. I hated Howard. He spent my entire youth searching for you, saying how much better of a man you were. I hated you. I hated him. When he died, I was glad to be rid-.” He sobbed. “Rid.” Tony brought Steve’s hand to his lips, kissing it. “Please don’t leave me.”
“Fuck me,” Tony said and then corrected himself. “Make love to me. Make love, my heart of hearts, my sun in the night. Make love.”
“Come on, where’s your sense of adventure?” Tony tugs him along onto the grassy hill near the cabin. “This way.”
“Hmm?” Distracted by the casual reference to being starved, Tony needs a second to right himself to the task at hand. “Looks like a clog. I can get it cleaned out in no time.”
Steve follows direction and hears Tony shift around to his injured side. “This is going to sting a little at first.”
“I know, big guy. I’ll miss you, too. But I can’t stay here any longer. This is almost done. A few more connections and I’ll be able to test it out.” It’s been too long already. Tony’s ribs are nearly healed. His arm and wrist feel better. Time is marching onward and he’s playing Tarzan. Pushing on him with his head, Blu rubs and ducks his head under Tony’s hand. “It’s better this way.”
Steve followed Tony, the guilt mounting. He forced himself not to look back. His brain felt thick, like he waded through mud. He knew Tony was right. Just one look at his mate and he had to admit that Tony needed the rest. What Tony had been through and how strong he’d been since only ate away at his reserves, Steve was sure. When the King of Wakanda stepped in their path, Steve almost begged off.
Steve left the radio off and only the sound of the rain and scrape of the windshield wipers accompanied him as he drove. Finding out that Sam was sympathetic to the cause meant a great deal to Steve. They’d skirted the topic many times over the months, especially when Sam asked Steve if there was anyone special in his life. He’d kept the truth close to the vest.  He might have hinted, but he never detailed anything.
Frigga tells them to follow her. Natasha, Gamora, Tony, and Steve quietly leave the cabin. Steve swore there were more of them earlier, but things change here so frequently he’s not sure. He’s not even certain he knows when Gamora arrived or even how he knows her name.
“Bucky?” Tony said. “You mean the Bucky who’s been identified as the legendary Winter Soldier in all those files you and Nat released on the web?”
By the end of the second month, Steve settles into his new profession and gets to know some of his colleagues. Wanda is sweet and quiet. She often comes out of one of the pods dressed like a dominatrix.  He doesn’t ask. They become close and he learns she lost her brother to the war. He listens to her stories about him and holds her in the parlor as they drink tea, and she sings songs in a language he doesn’t understand.
He took in a breath, held it, and then released it as he nodded. If she asked him
“I don’t think I’ve blushed since I was eleven, twelve at the most.” Tony sighed into Steve’s touch and then he brightened. “This is really happening.”
“You know how it is. They call it PTSD now?” Steve used that a lot in the beginning with Bruce, before he finally opened up about the darkness of the ice. “Plus the whole ice thing compounded it.”
“Ah, Natasha,” Tony says. He knew that Pepper plucked this guy off the street for a reason. Natasha and Pepper were thick as thieves sometimes. “So, you want to use Natasha as your reference?” Tony flips through the papers and sees that in fact, Steve has not listed her as a reference. He has a Colonel, a doctor, and his friend Sam Wilson.  “Did you work for any of these people other than the Colonel?”
“Steve?” It’s Bucky saying his name because all Tony can do is gasp.
“This way, Captain. It looks as if the Legion has begun their testing of the waters.”
Barnes leans into Natasha and whispers in her ear before she nods and leaves. He lifts his chin at Tony and says, “You look up the ugly details then?”
“You going to sit down and have a smoke?” Suddenly the scene changes, the knife disappears, the whittled stick flakes away.  Bucky has a pack of cigarettes in his hand. The Italian brand that he always griped about – how did Ultron know about it? That small detail? “Come on smoke with me, you jerk.”
“Tendrils?”
Steven turns from the workshop as if the subject matter disgusts him. Strange for a warrior class omega to feel that way. Tony watches as he walks over to the lounge area, doesn’t actually go to it, but instead stares at the bed. “Do you have an intended?”
“Not great farmland because of the mountains. There’s sheep, lots of it. Cattle ranchers hate sheep because they strip the land of grass roots. So what’d you come here for, the sheep?” His words are lascivious but somehow not cruel.
The hustle and bustle of the Concourse and the life of the Prime Station grows thicker as the day wears on. As they make their way toward The Cage, Steve notices how Tony drags a bit behind. He marvels at all the little things that Steve usually takes for granted. He watches as a child runs up to a vendor and begs for a treat while his mother digs out some credits to buy it. He spins around and looks upward to see the layers of the Concourse, the different shops. Some of the shops are consignment and Tony’s fascinated by the idea of a used clothing in store. He wanders to the area where children swing and jump on a playground while their tired parents lounge in chairs watching. At one point, Tony stops to see a line of people waiting to see the latest reality vid experience.
“I had a stuffed toy lion with blue eyes, just like yours.” Tony waves his hand in the air as if he’s orchestrating a play of his past. “I carried that thing around everywhere. Drove dear ol’ Howard mad. Thought I was a sissy boy.” He chuckles and it hurts like there’s a gaping hole to hell in his chest. “Little did he know.” Tears come to his eyes again. He doesn’t fight them. “Guess it doesn’t matter now. Just you, me, and the witch doctor.”
“Yes. Thank you,” Steve says and opens his eyes. There’s a smile creeping on his face. “And thank you for what you did back there. I always hated hospitals. When I was a boy it was always because it meant I was sick. Now it means that I’m a specimen. Half of me wants to be a lion again, so they ignore me.”
Steve grins. “Sure is.”
“Got it in one,” Clint said. “You ready to go?”
“I consented to it. It isn’t rape if I consented,” Steve says but his voice falters.
Thankfully, Tony spends most of his time working the crowd. He talks with Pierce as well as Odin with Stane closely by his side. They converse with the Syns and even Hammer. There’s a lot of small groups meeting and whispering with one another – Steve’s not sure why they decided to have this event at the Gravity bowl. Seems like a waste of time and energy to him, but it might be to show teamwork or something. As Steve tries to work out the different factions and how they group together, the shame dissipates and only a lingering despair remains.
He escapes. Of course he does. Yinsen plays the piece and he's more bereft than ever. He has nothing to hang onto to ground him but the iron and steel and alloy that he builds. Pepper is there to steady him and Rhodes is there to support him. Neither know the real reason that the hole in his chest will never heal.
“Tony, don’t say that,” Steve protested. “You’re one of the strongest people I know.” He wanted to add – stronger than me, but he stopped.
Steve muffles a welling sob. He can’t breakdown in the middle of a mission. This is his life. The mission is his life. Maybe Ultron was right in a way. A soldier without a war is rudderless. He laughs without mirth at his own mixing of metaphors. Breathing in, he steadies himself and then focuses on the task at hand. He throws away any doubts and clenches his teeth as he places one hand over the other, walking up the wall as he climbs. Without another incident, he flips over the edge of the stone well and falls onto the stony ground. Once again, it’s cold. Ultron’s brain is cold and deceitful – that’s why. It brings him back to his thoughts about Ultron and who he is.
“Okay, okay.” He squeezes Steve’s arm. “Let’s head out and see if we can get any clues. At least the storm’s let up.”
“Oh,” Tony says and feels like the proverbial kid caught with his hand in the cookie jar. “Oh, I. Hmm.” He looks down at himself as if he expects to find the jar and said cookie. He snaps back to attention and stares at Bruce, looking for an anchor.
“I know.”
“Right here. I wanted you to be close in case I need you, plus we will have to work together on the technical drafts.” Tony places his whole hand on a reader plate that’s embedded on the center of the door. He nods to Steve. “Go ahead.”
The door opened.
He accepted her hand, whispering the Mantra and calming his soul. His astral projection never trembled as he shook her hand, and, in many ways, he was grateful. He didn’t need any more complications in the pack that seemed to be in flux all the time now. “Nice to meet you. Aren’t you working on simulated tissues or something like that?”
“I’m Tony Stark. I don’t want it to get out in the press until we’re ready. But now that I see your going to hold my husband prisoner, I have no other choice.”
“Like a Bill of Commitments or Actions -.”
Someone is asking, “How did you even get here?” It might be Bruce, but Tony’s numb and shaking. His fingers on his left hand tingle with it, his right hand is dead. Like his heart, it’s dead inside. Everything is washing away.
“I don’t think that’s reve-.”
Tony wraps both of their cocks in his hand, stretched out on top of Steve. He whispers in his ear, “You’ve never done this before.”
“Doesn’t seem like you want much to do with me,” Bucky said. The dark shadows under his eyes grew deeper, as if they encompassed the whole of the man.
“No,” Steven says again and yanks the bottle right out of his hand. “You don’t need a devil to get you through this. You need me.”
Steve leans in close behind Tony and says, “Hold onto the handles. It will help you steer.”
“You did it.”
“Still it hurts like a bullet to the chest that your own country betrayed you. Did this to you.” Tony kept his eyes down, focused on his scarred and glowing hands.
She smirks. “Not telling you. But what you need to tell him is that there’s no way to extract him now, the whole Legion is in flames. The Collapsing Event has occurred. Pierce and his Strike team attacked. The Legion is scattered. Fury sent me in to help stop-.” She pauses and glances back at Steve. “Just know that he can’t stay here much longer. You need to get him out. Get him out and hide him.”
Steve snorts. “I got that reference.”
Tony snickers. “I think you’re right. He’s a dead ringer for a bad version of Frigga.”
With a smirk on his lips, Tony says, “Don’t know if I can follow up that with anything more interesting, but let’s try.”
“What about this is like myself?” Tony said. He could still remember cuddling with Steve after drinking his fill. He missed those days but not the anxiety of worry that came with them. Yet, even now, a new stressor ate at his brain. He stilled Steve’s hands. “Do you feel different? Like an alien in your body?”
He grimaces. “No, not exactly. I tried to join the army but look at me. No one wants me. Bucky tried to send money back to me but that didn’t change much. Even with money I still couldn’t get food to eat if there’s no food to be had. I needed to change my tactics.”
“Yes. That’s the story.”
Natasha examines the two supine figures on the twin gurneys. It would be better if Bruce were here to monitor their vitals. Even with all the equipment scattered through the room, hooked up to Rogers and Stark (she had to think about them this way otherwise the flaking pieces of her that had started to peel away would crumble and fall), it still isn’t enough to give her peace of mind.  Inwardly she curses Bruce and Thor since both of them have abandoned the Avengers. Well, that isn’t fair, Bruce left her. She cringes and picks up her gaze to look at the other conscious occupant of the room.
“How I only had one slice of pizza.”
Tony considers Steve and then looks back at the store.
“Clint,” Steve says and stops him.
“It goes all the way to your chest if that’s what you’re looking at,” Sam said. “This one is his, isn’t it?” Sam pointed to the lone one – the solitary one.
“That will just get him fired from the first job he’s had since the Army where he can feed his voracious appetite.”
“Are you sure?” Bruce said. “You said we have our orders and we should follow them.”
Sure, he agreed that Barnes needed the psychological support and help. Sure, he wanted Barnes out of his hair and thousands of miles away on another continent was about as good as it got, but truthfully, Tony didn’t want Steve to leave. He only just felt as if they’d managed to piece each other back together again. Although Steve wouldn’t mention it, his recovery had been painful. Just because he had the serum, didn’t erase the pain of injury and recovery.
He knew it. He was leaving for New York, but he still hadn’t broached the idea to Sam about pulling up his roots and going to New York, too. Hell, Sam had family in Prince George’s county in Maryland.
“When am I not able -.”
“Oh?” Tony said and clung to Steve’s hand as if he held him from drowning.
“But what about the rest?” Sam said. “We went into the fight of our lives without Bruce. Bruce, the big guy. He shouldn’t have stayed on the sidelines. We can communicate through the bond, maybe not direct thoughts, but enough that it would have helped to find you. It’s time, Steve.”
Memories of the vampires on the roof all those years ago paraded before his eyes as he grappled not to react to the searing pain surrounding and in his wound. He cleared his mind and thought of the many nights he spent with Tony. He loved to lie in the garden as the nightingale sang and the light breezes hit them. He recalled how they would rest on a blanket and Tony would raise a hand and outline the constellations.
Steve slumps his shoulders and shakes his head. “Apparently, he did.”
“Does intimate mean like – what I think it does?” Because he really couldn’t consider the thought of having sex with Bruce or maybe the Hulk – that terrified him.
“So you’re here to do a little bit of training with your soul pack?” Laura asked as she tore a chunk of bread from the baguette. Bowls of spaghetti, meatballs, and sauce clustered in the center of the table. Several baguettes were piled up as well. Clint placed a few large serving bowls of mixed greens on the table before he took his seat by his wife.
“How much do you want it?” Steve said, and he had to admit, he enjoyed the knowledge that he could do this to Tony, that Tony would beg him would want him. He pulled out and hung on the edge and then rammed back inside of Tony. He repeated it until Tony admitted his need.
“Eat your burger. It’s getting cold.”
Steve only waves at him and the shirt stretches over his back – where those weird welts are. The rips in the shirt don’t hide them, and Tony glimpses something – something odd about those welts.
“No, ma’am. Do you have a room available?”
“Steve? Brothel?” His face scrunches up and he looks adorable. Steve would grin if he wasn’t terrified that the prince might call security to discretely get rid of him – for good. “Oh, Steve. Brothel. Yes, yes, yes.” He opens his arms. “I am so glad you’re here.”
“Doctors?” Tony says. That’s traceable – how far off the grid could they be if they need doctors.
“That’s good to know. Thank you, Doctor,” Steve says and finds a seat. “I think we need to strap in now.”
Blu slips around onto the ground and Tony falls into his grasp. They cuddle like that for several minutes. A lion on his back with a human tucked into his paws. “Don’t leave me again. Please.” Blu ducks his head down and snuggles against Tony. Tony listens to his deep purring. “Why did you leave? Please don’t.” The fear bubbles up. He jumps away from Blu. “You left and I was scared for you. I didn’t know if you got hurt or something. Where’ve you been?”
After, Tony held Steve as he shivered and wept. He couldn’t say why he cried. Was it for joy or fear or loss or love? He didn’t know. But being with Tony kept him safe. They laid on the bed, staring out of the barn window as the day matured when a rapping on the door roused them from their nest.
Luckily, he had parked the bike close to the stairwell. He picked up his helmet, slammed it on, and hopped on the bike. As he heard the massive garage door cranking to close, he revved the bike and shot toward it, wheels squealing. Ducking, he flew through the closing maw of the doors, only to be greeted by the barricades of the bridge shutting down. A fighter jet hovered down near the bridge’s surface and the voice commanded him to stand down.
“We got only the shield you made me and your gauntlet. That’s going to have to be enough,” Steve says and berates himself mentally for leaving the storage closet.
“Don’t you think you should at least clean up. You look like something from the Purge.” She follows him as she speaks and sometimes he thinks she must have a virtual whip hidden somewhere on her person because he can practically feel the electricity hit the air. He’s used them in his time – as a prime, dominant Alpha – but never for anything but pleasure. It will be nice to have an omega submissive to him. It will be nice to have an omega hungry for the lash. He’s always gone to the drone class of omegas when he needed one during his urgencies. But now, now it would be delightful to have one at his beck and call.
Before Luke opens the door to the room, he turns back to Tony, Steve, and the two guards that followed them. “Listen, man, I know you want discrete, and you will get discrete. No one in my shop will tattletale about you at all. I just want to assure you that what happens in The Cage stays in The Cage.”
“I am not one soul. I never was, Schmidt, you just can’t understand how humans are made. You don’t get it. We’re not made to be one, we’re made to be many.” The force of the souls trapped in the realm resonates around them a pulsating crescendo of energy. “Your lies have been revealed. You cannot keep us here any longer.”
“I like to read and keep up with the different upcoming technologies.” Steve replied. He might be from a different century, but Steve spent hours as a child reading dime store sci-fi stories. He had loved to dream about the future. Following the amazing advances these days helped educate him and fill part of the void that existed in his life. He glanced around the med-bay and asked, “You’re working for Stark Industries?”
He pretends he doesn’t see it, doesn’t recognize the pauses that sometimes - so subtly happen to Steve. There will be a moment while at a ballgame or walking through the park hand in hand, or hell even when they are back to back fighting the demons from what other dimension decide to descend on New York that day when Steve appears out of place. Tony can pinpoint it to the second. Steve routinely hides it. He conceals it well. He’s learned to jump over it like a puddle in the middle of a sunny day. It doesn’t slow him down, but it does point out his monachopsis.
“No,” Strange stated and left it at that.
Almost instantly, he heard a howl from the far distant farm house. Tony set down next to Steve and shot off fireworks of his own, blasting his own Legion as parts sprayed over them. Clint yelped and collapsed next to Steve, cursing as his vest flashed red. The steady red light meant he took a lethal hit while Natasha’s continued to blink. Both of them sat on the ground at his feet with looks of disdain.
“I don’t know.” He sat back, tossing the pencil he held onto the table. The afternoon light dappled the table but he felt like he was still in the shadows. “For the longest time since I woke up it’s been about trying to catch up. The soul pack has been just another complication. I want everyone to be together. But it’s a hard sacrifice to make.” He turned his wrist over and stared at the lines covering it, his forearm and the long thread up to his chest. “I guess maybe I thought the serum would make it go away.”
Tony stops his ministrations and considers him. “You do have a point, but the fact still remains, without the ability to procreate what is an omega?”
Tony saw no point in making in easy for him – so he battled and struggled every step of the way. When they released the chains from the link to the floor, Tony launched himself at the closest agents. His vampire strength gave him the advantage but the fact the he was in his boxers with nothing else on, made him an easy target for their batons and for their spikes. The spikes were especially designed to torment vampires. Gloves with embedded small wooden spikes at the knuckles and the back of the hand were standard issue for V-Corps agents. Steve never wore them. Neither had Clint, that Tony saw.
“Pepper has everything together and arranged.” Tony smiles. “Just you and me on the open range.”
Tony clears his throat and shakes his head, as if he’s getting the cobwebs out. “They’re prepping you for transport. T’Challa contacted Helen Cho. We’re getting you to the cradle, hoping it will restore the gland.”
He frowns. “I’m not sure I should go there alone.”
“Sounds like an amazing idea.” Tony grins. “This could be the start -.”
“Shush, it’s okay. Everything is going to be all right,” Steve murmured.
Tony gags and coughs. He wants to say no. He needs to say no. But he can’t. He remembers the places Estane took him. He remembers how Estane laughed when Tony refused to use the men and women locked in the Stalls. He doesn’t want that for Steven. Tony licks his lips and shudders. “Activate, Iron Man punishment level one.”
Steve sticks out his hand. “Nice to meet you Doctor Erskine, Steve Rogers.”
Logan retracts his claws and then Tony hears his footsteps pad away. The doors to the lab open and close. He’s gone. Bruce stays close for another few minutes, checking on Steve as he slowly comes back to himself, as he rests his head on the couch, and finally lays down lengthwise. Steve assures Bruce that he’ll rest and the good doctor leaves them alone.
Tony shakes his head and frowns. “Nothing about Ross. At least not that I know of anyhow. My heart showed some erratic beating – that’s all.”
“Two in the morning,” Bruce says. He glances at Steve. The monitors around the bed beep and stream data. With a wave, Bruce gestures for Tony to follow him.
How much longer, Tony wants to say. Both Bucky and Sam are looking at Bruce and then at each other. They’re worried as well. Tony closes his eyes and tries to remember the brush of Steve’s hand on his jaw, the quiet moment in the wooded area they had before Steve left on his mission. Steve hadn’t even flinched at the scarring on Tony’s face. He’d touched him tenderly and with purpose. The moment Tony nearly died had been the moment he had been reborn.
Tony joins him in the room, clasps his hand, and gives him a quick peck on the cheek. “Why, Captain, I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
As he slid off the bed all grace and muscles Tony found it hard to breathe. Like a big cat, his muscles and sinews undulating Steve came to Tony's side and nuzzled near his ear.
The cross was a Saint Andrew’s cross but so much more. It had a special chastity belt attached to it, so that the wearer had no leverage at all. The belt really held Steven’s cock in its erect position but with a tight binding at the root. The binding on the cross itself, the cuffs were comfortable enough, but the cross itself lent no soft spot to lean against. It was metal and rough. When Tony took Steven on the cross, he cried out and squeezed his eyes closed. When Tony pushed his fingers in alongside his knot, Steven sagged against the cross, moaning and begging. He wasn’t begging for reprieve but for more, for release, for Tony.
“Here,” Steve said. “Let me help you with that.” He reached over and retrieved the tie Tony mutilated in his hand. He pressed it with his fingers, trying to get out the wrinkles. Slipping it around Tony’s neck he started to tie the knot. “Maybe afterward we can go for a stroll. It’ll be dark by then. You’ll feel more rested, more like yourself.”
There is no way he’s going to fall in love with a lion. Not that kind of love.
He slid a hand under Steve’s jaw and kissed him lightly on the lips. “Home?” The dizzying spell of looking into Steve’s eyes, those blue eyes that played with a touch of green, spun through Tony – tightening his gut and flushing his cheeks.
“What are you my pimp now?” The jagged words spear Tony plainly since he cringes and falls back. It doesn’t stop Steve. “What do you think you can just pass me around to your friends? I’m not some little toy.” Steve pushes past Tony and throws the clothes on the bed. He rips off the uniform, throwing it in a pile and quickly dons a tunic and drawstring pants. He’s still barefoot.
“What?”
“He should, the way he’s talking back,” Pep whispers to Tony. She bends close to Tony and mutters, “He’ll be more trouble than he’s worth. Leave him. We can find another omega.”
The waves roll and move onto the white pink shore of the island. Emeralds and greens mix with azure and deeper calmer blues to welcome him as he steps into the waters. It’s warm, though he quakes and trembles at the water’s touch. His wings drag into the water and he releases his hold on Tony, submerging himself into the ocean’s arms.
“One of the theories about the serum is that the more you tax it, the more it goes into overdrive, trying to heal you. It activates as you get injured. So, the more we injure you, the higher the activity,” Ross said.
“Skedaddled. I suppose that’s the technical term,” Tony says, not looking at Steve. He doesn’t want to see the condemnation about his sexuality in Steve’s eyes. His father’s was more than enough for a lifetime.
Alternate Steve jumps in, a smirk on his face. His hulking body looms over Tony. “You know I’m right. You want to know why you know?” He spares a glance at Steve and then focuses back on Tony. “You know it. Don’t you?” His words are nearly like a lover’s in their tone. “It’s because I can read his thoughts. You know it. You know I know who he is better than you do. You know that he keeps too much hidden. Hidden away. He’s wanted you off the team from the start.”
“All in due time, Captain. First answer my question. Does he know?” Loki lurks around him like a crow around a dying animal.
“Please don’t call me that,” Steve says and she nods while closing the door. The screen before him is frozen on the three professionals. They’re good looking men. He wouldn’t have an issue with that. But it feels like a betrayal and can he handle more on top of what’s already happened?
They step through together. Only Tony’s hand melts away and Steve’s alone, falling through the fog and darkness until he slams into the hard ground. There’s no light, no sound. Something strikes him in the back of the head and his last thought centers on Tony.
“We know that they’re being coerced. That Hydra acted as SHIELD, and that they are now virtual prisoners of this rogue Hydra cell,” Steve said and tossed the dish towel to the counter. “Bucky is there to help them, I’m sure of it. Don’t tell me you don’t feel his need to do something.”
“You don’t have to,” Steve says and it’s supposed to come out strong but instead it comes out rasped and gravely.
“You’ll be careful, right?” Tony murmured as the night shrouded them from the day. Quietly in bed, Tony spoke into the night.
“Wh-what?” He squints at Tony.
Steve closed his eyes and steadied himself before looking at Tony again. “It doesn’t feel like it. I feel-.” He shut his mouth. From his time, men didn’t share, men kept quiet.
“As you say,” Steven says. “They say time heals all wounds.” There is resignation in his voice. He changes the subject. “If it isn’t punishment, then what?”
Sam gave a short nod. “Okay, I got that. What’s going on, Steve?” The intentional use of his name helped Steve recognize that Sam took his words to heart.
“Welcome back, Steve.”
“Well, we are. Too close.” Clint frowned and then eyed Steve. “You see, Steve, I wasn’t a free man when Natasha and I – when the glamour happened.”
The table near the door has two wooden chairs at it and Steve leads Tony to it to finish their interrupted dinner. Steve sets the table as Tony pops the drinks out of the holder and gives one to Steve and one to himself. Setting of the table entails simply putting down a napkin and then their dinner on each of the unfolded paper napkins.
Steve glanced around, glancing into the setting sun as it glinted off the leafy waves of corn. “I don’t know.” That truth hurt. He ran, and Steve never ran from a fight, but what he escaped had nothing to do with a fight even if his heart and his muscles yearned for the combat because it was a simpler foe. That’s all he was good for anyway.
“Maybe we should get more popsicles.”
Steve sighed. “This is so much more complicated than I’m used to.”
At the bed, he lowers Tony and then Steve’s on his knees again next to the bed. They’re still in their ridiculous tuxedoes and Tony wants Steve out of his, so that he can feel every inch of his body.
Natasha learned how to ignore emotional plea bargaining long again. “Then he knows the risks. We continue.” It’s up to her. The rest of the team lean on her to lead them through to the other side of this insanity. She plans to do just that. If there’s one thing she’s come to understand it would be that life barrages you not with things you can handle, but things you most definitely cannot. How you rise up to greet them doesn’t make you a hero, but a survivor.
“It’s okay, Bucky, you can rest,” Steve reassures him and he hears movement behind him and peers over his shoulder to find Tony standing in the doorway. It centers him and he rests his hand on Bucky. “It’s okay.”
“We will be,” Tony says, committing to it.
“No. But I guess you both had a choice about whether or not you were gonna be perverts, right?” Bucky glared at him.
“God. This had better work,” Tony said.
She scans it and gives it back to him. “So now that the business is out of the way, I want to make this experience as comfortable and as satisfying as possible. Can you tell me your caste?”
“Fuck,” Steve mutters and lays his forehead against the pole. He closes his eyes and thinks about the moments when he and Tony splayed out on the dewy grass and gazed at the stars in the heavens. “You can’t do this to him. How’s he going to work? He can’t use his virtual reality set up.” Everything just shutters, closes. He imagines seeing Tony closed, isolated. He’s always railed against ableism, but the truth of the matter is – the world is not made for visually impaired. It’s getting worse and worse for those who cannot see to enjoy the wonders of technology development. While some tech reaches out over the visual gap, other leaves the blind far behind, seeking around in the dark.
“Very forwarding thinking for an old-fashioned kind of guy.” Ross gave a little laugh as if to lighten the mood. It only solidified the weight of their conversation.
“We can live a whole lifetime in here and it will be like an hour out there,” Tony says. “At least that’s a close approximation I’m not sure. I didn’t do the math.”
“It’s okay to put down your guard here, Steve. JARVIS maintains security. Eyes and ears everywhere.”
First, he went back toward Bruce who met him easily. Bruce was using his energy signature to check on the health and status of each of them. That was promising. With Bruce monitoring each of the pack members for their health and well-being, Steve turned towards their strategic points. Both Nat and Clint were following the stream, but Clint was on high alert, eyes always scanning as the energies from Nat were more subtle- reading the more grounded signs. A skip in her energy waves told Steve she discovered something before she actually called it in.
“You forget, I’m  valuable commodity. I’m a rich man and many want to be in my presence, not all of them for the right reasons, Captain.  Plus, he’s my kind of doctor. He was kicked out of high society,” Tony says with a shrug. “Seems he has a bit of a temper and it didn’t go well with his intended’s father – some colonel. Tore up a whole army base or some shit. He would have ended up at the short end of a hangman’s rope if it wasn’t for Betsy – his intended- stepping in.”
Steve nods and then addresses Tony again. “Are you ready?” With a curt nod, Tony agrees. Steve presses forward and they go down the steps as he narrates the path. He bends Tony downward as they go under the helicopter’s blades and the wind whips around them. It’s raining out now, the storm’s finally hit the island. He hopes the ride won’t be too choppy.
“You sound both pessimistic and idealistic at the same time.”
“No, I just. It was wrong. You made a vow, a promise to someone who was very important to you. My thoughts about that, my ideas are mine and should only be shared if you ask.”
“Tony,” Steve said and it startled him out of his reverie. His hand was hot and curled over Tony’s. “We’re all in this together. You don’t have to go it alone either. Together.”
He agrees; he doesn’t need an audience for this conversation. Gesturing to the cushioned chairs, he leads her to them and once she’s settled, he sits as well. Elbows on knees, leaning forward but trying not to intimidate, Steve says, “How are you?”
Steve stands and offers a hand to Thor. The big man is even taller in his hat and boots. Sometimes Steve feels positively dwarfed by the man. Thor’s duster doesn’t even kiss the wooden floor.
“You said you would regret it when you let Bucky and I go. You said that you would regret it. I think you do,” Steve says. The time is coming. His time is approaching. He can’t wait much longer. He needs to get to the blocks.
“Stand?”
Steve quickly gets the cookies and puts them on a plate and pulls out a milk bottle from the fridge. “Would you like anything?”
The prince leads him to the large soaking tub that has an obscene amount of water in it. Fragrance wafts through the room as the water steams and the bubbles pop. He’s showered before but a bath like this– so luxurious is a foreign concept to him.
“Yes, I think we need drink.” He pulls on his hoodie. It’s August. Even Steve’s sweating in his own hoodie. “Or two.”
“Nat?” Steve asked over the lines but he didn’t need an answer – she returned calming waves that signaled she and Clint were well in hand with their backup. “Move on the base!”
Standing there with a look of disgust in her eyes, Natasha greeted him. “I take it you overfed.” She held the tray in her hands. “We don’t need a dead Captain America on our hands, you know.”
“Okay.”
“I don’t know. Maybe I’m not so in tune with the family assassin,” Tony snapped back and instantly regretted. His emotions concerning Bucky were all over the place, and for once it would be nice if Steve gave him a little breathing room and offer him the space he needed to process.
“Tony?” Steve says and it’s his turn to put a comforting hand on his shoulder.
Once he’s finished, he decides to go and visit Bucky, but just as he turns the doctor descends the stairs. He’s wiping his hands on a rag and says, “He’s sleeping but the wound doesn’t look good. I’m concerned that what the big fella-.”
He hangs up his hat and duster then heads back to the parlor but Jarvis intercepts him to bring him into the dining room. He feels immediately out of place in his soft flannel and dungarees. He’d visited the Richards on several occasions but he’d stayed on the porch or in the vestibule, with a peek at the parlor. He’d never ventured this far into the place.
“Electric?”
When he started on his second hundred a face appeared over the bar. “Really, you’re gonna do this?”
He wants the drink, he needs the drink. He shivers with rage, trying to quell it. He needs to decide if he will be the alpha of the day or a new alpha of the future.“And how do you propose we do this?”
“I very much doubt that. This is more my speed.” Steve angles Tony toward the booths as the woman directs them to a table.
He got onto his hands and knees, ignoring his own wounds and crawled over to Steve. “You need to lie down.”
Most of the clothes are just normal everyday clothes but some of them make Steve blush. He doesn’t have time to think about it because Natasha beckons him to strip and get in the tub. The water steams the room.
Steve forced his jaw down and mauled the hand, feeling tendons give way and flesh rip. Face to face with Rumlow, just inches away from the man, Steve snarled out and jerked his head, hard and fast, releasing Rumlow from his attack. The agent stumbled backward, his eyes wild with pain. His hand mutilated, missing part of one finger and the whole little finger. Steve snarled at him, blood dripping from his mouth. Rumlow curled over his damaged hand, screeching at him. Steve grinned, letting him see his bloody teeth and then he spat out the fingers. “Wanna try again, you filthy bastard?” Drool and blood cascaded down his chin and neck. He must look worse than a vampire in a feeding frenzy.
As Pep walks up to Tony and shakes her head. She reads the panel on the side of the cell and yanks at him. “What are you doing? This is wasting time. There’s a few others we should talk to-.”
“So, you believe that Estane is your greatest threat?”
Before he even pushes his phone into his pocket a knock raps at his door. “Come.”
“You’re not isolated. You have a home. You do know that, right?” Tony said and his hand reached out, touched Steve’s which laid on his crossed legs. It stayed there – laying on his, skin warmed by the fire.
“Tony,” Steve says, his words breathless in his throat.
“I’m sorry, I can’t help it. I’m nervous about today.”
They walked to the far end of the corridor. It seemed like they’d walked back in time. Bucky always had the wider stride and Steve struggled to keep up, except for when his friend consciously made the effort to slow himself down. Bucky was like that – always on fire, ready to meet the world, to go to the future as he’d once said to Steve. Now, here they were in the future and so very different than before – their innocence eaten by war and time. Steve wondered if they were truly the same people or had somehow transformed into strangers. That scared him most of all, that his best friend – the person he’d loved as a brother all those years ago – might not be even a tiny bit the same.
Steve grimaces as he shuffles over to the door and hits a small recessed button that’s haphazardly wired into the wall. He can see the flashes under the door. “Oh.”
“You’ll be happy to know we’ve installed biometric scans in the building.” He pointed to the ceiling, indicating the equipment. “It detects the presence of any vampire.” He chuckled. “Also detects any of their excretions and secretions.”
“Printed out some of the best stuff that JARVIS found,” Bruce said and handed the thick wad to Steve. “You can read over it and then we could talk about it.”
When the woman takes the menus and promises to be right back with their shakes, Steve turns to Tony and hunches forward as if he wants to conspire and whisper secrets into his ears. “It’s our three week anniversary today.”
Bucky swallowed hard and said, “It’s me. Steve, you gotta understand. I’m not the same person. Not anymore. I’m never going to be. You have to know that.”
Steve looked up, spotted her, but his brain forced him back to Bruce. The word spilled out and it felt like relief. “Healer.” The sizzle of a brand on his forearm linked to the pain in his chest as the word forced itself out of his mouth. Bruce yelled in response as he clawed at his arm and Tony yelled for his suit.
“Then you see where we stand,” Steve says and once again the pain shudders through him and he’s not certain if it is from the oncoming heat or if it’s from the pains of the past.
“Tony,” Steve said, his voice filled with remorse.
“Sir, Captain Rogers is at the entrance to the workshop and would like to see you,” JARVIS announced.
“In all fifty states, my friend. But I got a lead on one. Come on! Don’t tell me that you’re not curious!” Tony had said and batted his eyelashes. Of course, the latter didn’t sway Rhodey at all, but maybe curiosity had. They ended up down near the industrial part of Boston where Tony could smell the salt of the water and something metallic in the air.
The rosy color on Steve’s face spread to his chest. In the dim light his eyes were already dilated, but now his eyes turned black with desire. He nodded as his lips parted and his tongue flicked out. The next minutes Tony described as floating. All his wishes and hopes materialized and his body became transformed and threaded into his soul – or so that was how it felt with Steve kissing him on the neck, on the shoulder, on his chest and along the lines of the soul brand as if it gave him succor. Steve seemed to lose himself in the act of kissing and touching. And Tony laid back onto the couch and closed his eyes, because Steve was magic, and their souls vibrated and expanded, and it was all too much.
“I don’t care what they do to me,” Steve spat and Rumlow gaze up at him.
“Whoa, whoa,” Tiberius says and throws his head back to bark out laughter that cuts the air. He drinks down the tumbler of Bourbon. “I’m not trying to be disrespectful. But just man to man. You know how it is. He’s one hell of an ass to dri-.”
“Do the other ships in the Fleet have this design?”
Steve grins. “Steve – but you already know that.” He grasps Tony’s hand – and a spark bright and brilliant flourishes between them. It’s not there for anyone to see, Steve knows this on a practical level, but on a fundamental level he suddenly understands quantum entanglement so much better.
“Well, there is an arm of the clinical trial which really isn’t a phase 2. It’s more of a phase 1, looking at safety, but it will be using nanites to home.”
“Okay,” he accepts it, but something feels charged between them as if a universe of possibilities is laid out and they’ve only begun to touch the surface. After a contemplative moment, he asks, “When’s the meeting?”
“Steve, I-. I didn’t expect you here tonight,” Tony says and glances over at Pepper. She smiles and offers her hand to Steve.
“I’ve seen you climb in our training sessions.” He shoves his backpack into Tony’s arms. “Get with it. We have to hustle.”
Tony rushed at him.
“More like a bucking bronco.” Steve squeezes his eyes close. He cannot believe he just said that out loud. What is wrong with him?
“Can you find something to ward off the cold from the hole in the side of the jet? Might help keep what little heat this gives off in.”
“Well I’ll check for supplies like flashlights and candles. Never can be too careful.”
“Tony,” Pepper warns.
Truth be told, though, Tony had seen the way Steve looked at him. Even when they were just hanging around, watching a movie in Tony’s private theater, he would catch Steve staring at him with a tender look of such love and trust that it felt like a little death. Something special, something unexplainable had happened and Tony missed it. He hates that the moment flashed by and, for all his genius, he never recognized it. How does someone fall in love with you from a far and you never know it? He asks himself this over and over.
He taps on the bench. “No, no I shouldn’t..” Though he has to admit, the idea of falling in love grows. He likes the stories Steven has told him from the fantastical ones about the old world to the exciting theories concerning the Purge Rim. His heart aches when he talks to Steven and that far off look flashes across his expression. He yearns for something more when Steven talks about Carbonelli. Steven has even spoken about Tony’s mother. What a sweet child she was, how she always brought him treats even when he was being punished. “It’s just- I like him. Is that all right? Shouldn’t I like my omega?”  He’s drifted away from the workbench and stands by the window, staring out at the long gardens again.
“The barn,” Steve said.
“Now, you’re thinking this? Why not think that Schmidt is doing exactly as before. He wants to know me, I’m big news,” Tony says and even with the scarf over half his face, Steve can tell the man is smiling.
“Though you know who he is as well,” Tony says to Frigga. He steps in front of Natasha as if to protect her.
As he spoke, the door behind Steve opened again, the light filtering in, and another person entered. He was smoking and said, “Now, Agent Barton, that’s enough. You don’t need to apologize to Rogers. He’s a traitor, after all. You, on the other hand, are a good man and a loyal citizen.”
With a hand to his chest, Tony pushes Steve onto the bed. He sits. Tony settles next to him. “We need to talk. You need to tell me your story and I need to figure this out.”
“Wait.” Tony takes pity on him. “Here, you hold it like this.” He shows Steve how to manage the fork. “Okay?”
This is not sport, this is not fun. He hates it and it sickens him. He lands as other men with various assault weapons (one with a grenade launcher) converge on him. These men have terrorized the village, and scared them enough to believe that they have a cursed creature haunting them. He raises his hands and blasts the repulsors. The grenade launcher gets a round off, and he leaps up as the armor bursts up into the air. The explosion singes him, but the armor is intact and he flips around in flight to locate the man responsible. He’s disappeared in the confusion.
“If you say so, Mer Rogers.”
“Together,” Steven states simply. “That is what I am here at your side for. We do this together.” He puts the bottle down and then unsnaps his uniform. “If you need liquid courage, you have it but not from a bottle. From me.”
“Yes. Anything Tony. What about your mates? Your humans?”
“Well, we just need to keep you weak for now,” Rumlow said and yanked the blade out to Steve’s hiss. Without any fanfare, Rumlow took the knife and cut through the waistband on his boxers, then tore them off Steve. “Sorry, but there’s no reason for you to be clothed at all. You’re never going to need clothes again, not after they’re done with you.”
“Oh he didn’t tell you?” Ultron created Steve smiles. It’s hideously beautiful. “There’s a recording, a tape of it. Would you like to know? Would you like to experience your mother and father’s last moments?”
“Like a zombie?” Pepper said and blanched at her own words.
“Yes, my lord,” Steven says and there’s an edge in his voice.
Steve colors and finds himself agreeing before grabbing his weapon. He rushes downstairs to find out what’s happened to his best friend and anchor. Even as he pushes through the crowd, he understands it is his fault, he’s damned and he’s cursed everyone else. It’s his fault this happened to Bucky and Clint. He shoves everyone aside to find Bucky laid out on one of the pool tables near the back of the saloon with a garish dagger wound in his side.
When Steve moves to his ass, lightly stroking at his cleft, Tony stops him. “No, baby, you need to prep me. You ever done this before?”
“What we all do to ourselves.” He tried not to think of Peggy, how difficult it must be for Bruce to watch her intelligence, her sanity, slowly leak away to age and disease. From what he understood, Bruce had taken to coming to DC to visit with Peggy on occasion. They played mahjong and had that ridiculous tea Bruce liked so much.  Even that though, Steve felt guilty about since Tony had said something about Bruce and how much they were ‘science bros’ and at least he had that. It jabbed right into Steve’s heart.
He stumbles to his couch and flails a little as he sits down. His mind scrambles in his head to make sense of it. This morning he managed, he did. Nothing was amiss. Other than the fact he woke up in a stranger’s arms, but if he was truthful with himself that is more common than he likes to admit. Everything was fine, he handled everything well. Shit, he even assisted Steve when he got sick. Though that’s something Tony’s pretty familiar with himself. He watched as Steve disrobed and stepped into the bath.
Steve snickered. “Really?”
Steve put away his embarrassment at his blush and turned to the matters at hand. “Bruce was studying the wrist band, and then he touched it, kind of a light rub.”
“No, but I do know he manipulates and uses, takes the advantage when he can,” Steve says. “He knew I’d never let Bucky die.”
With a lap of his tongue Steve tasted Tony only to make him shiver and whine.  Steve couldn’t help but smile in response. So much of this felt natural and real to him. He suckled and then swallowed Tony’s cock, letting it hit the back of his mouth. Tony groaned in response, thrashing against the cheap thin pillows. Steve urged him on, slipping his hands under Tony’s ass and gripping it. He stroked a rhythm with his mouth and tongue as Tony moaned louder, wildly.
“Sorry.”
He made Steve wait too long. He made himself wait too long. He’d denied a growing attachment, a love, and settled away from the Avengers. He needed rest, he needed peace, he convinced himself. Inside his chest he feels the roil of self-hatred, self-deprecation. Tony Stark never needed peace a day in his life. Denying the truth, denying that he needed the fight led to so much lost time. But once he accepted the fight in his soul, the spirit of a warrior, he’d come to his senses. It meant another upheaval in his life, but it also meant that Pepper was safe away from him, away from all this madness. Their split was amicable, and they stayed friends. It was good. Yet, Tony still gave his heart away.
Steve looked up at his mother. Standing behind Steve his face was hidden from Tony’s viewpoint. Steve leaned over and whispered to his mother. Her wan features brightened, and she smiled, deeply and warmly at her son. Raising a quaking hand, she touched her son’s face. A soft cry sounded as Steve said, “Ma.” He grasped her hand to his face. Her smile drifted away with her strength and then she closed her eyes. Tony knew it was the moment, the memory that Steve held of his mother’s death.
“Far as I know,” Clint said. “Nat and Thor were rounding up as many of the covens as possible. The conclave in Europe was on high alert, but no European nation has come out with a full support of the treatment. Yet.”
“Rich enough for harvest?”  The words, the actions, the knowledge surrounded him, cluttered his brain.  So much, so much hell on Earth that he couldn’t parse how anyone could survive. How did Captain America survive, and why did he survive? What point? Why did he fight all these years? Why did he continue?
She smiles and shakes her head. “I’m not sure. Other than things are different. You’re different. Maybe it’s your final acceptance of your Family role and your position as alpha prime. You’re working through how you’re going to hold this position at the same time you’re trying to establish your right to the High Alpha Chair. We’re all affected by it. It’s – it’s different, Tony.”
Too tired to face the rest of the crimes that Hydra brainwashed Bucky into performing for them, Steve cleaned up the files and tucked them away in one of the packing boxes. Sam said his goodbyes and told Steve to think about the move as an imperative. If Steve moved to New York, he’d have to leave Sam and that didn’t sit right either. Sam gave him clear signs that the pack took priority. The logical conclusion then would be that Sam was open to the idea of moving as well. Thinking about having the pack together warmed Steve, while at the same time heaping on more anxiety. Yet the more he thought about utilizing the pack, truly accepting it, his feelings began to turn around and his fears settled. They flaked away as if he brushed off the old paint to reveal a beautiful masterpiece underneath. Linking was one thing, but bringing people into your heart like his mother said was another thing entirely. It changed everything.
“You remember, Tony,” the man says. “Steve Rogers, Army Captain.”
One choice. He had one choice. Logically he knew the vibranium could absorb the vibration from anything. But the fall? Could he survive it with just his shield in hand?  He cringed and readied himself as the pounding on the elevator doors sounded in the small space like thunder. He swallowed down his doubts, inwardly apologized to Tony, and then took a breath as he dove out the window, shield first. He felt nothing of the crash through the glass, only hearing the shards bursting outward. He splayed out his body, limbs open to try and decrease his velocity. The wind rippled over his face and stung his eyes. The roof of the atrium rushed at him like a bed of nails. He curled up, as tight as he could, bracing for impact. The jarring of the shield through the glass roof and metal girders shook him but he sailed through it, lucky not to be impaled on one of the metal rebars.
“God, don’t say that. Just don’t say that.” Bucky turned away from Tony. He grabbed at the single window near the sofa. His hand opened and closed on the sill. “Steve’s a good guy, you know. He’s always fought for the underdog. Always cared about everyone, even Arnie-.” He stopped. “Oh! Jesus, Mary, and Joseph.” He shuttered his eyes. “Of course. Yeah, yeah.” He didn’t explain his thought processing, but Tony remained still, frightened that whatever breakthrough they might have achieve would be washed away if he interfered.
“Sir?”
He stops and faces her. “He wouldn’t let me have a drink. He stopped me from drinking, from getting drunk. He insulted me. Insubordination.”
“He did this to all of us,” Tony says. “We couldn’t be sure who he really was until Heimdall chanced by this realm, this space-time and told us.”
Pietro walks over to the bed and says, “He’s been fighting it the entire time.”
“We need your help?” His words come slower than expected. “He’s only just left. I think you can stop it, if you try.”
Tony knows from history that betas without the strong understanding of dominance and submission played power games that roiled society and turned it on itself. In the end, alphas rose up to regain control. The old world faded and a new reign in stars started. Tony appreciates the abolitionists’ views that the castes cause discontent and the Omega Uprising as well as the disturbances out in the Purge Rim demonstrate that fact. Something has to be done, but the fact still remains that to pretend they were not dictated by their biology led to near annihilation of the species. They could not pretend their natural castes did not exist.
“Don’t. Don’t do this. Don’t go behind your new boyfriend’s back and start asking about things like this without talking to him first.” Bruce is probably the most earnest guy Tony knows, outside of Steve. Still he doesn’t fall for that wide-eyed look.
Through a clotting nose, Steve says, “He’s learning, but he doesn’t know everything yet.” He points to the shore where a crashed Quin Jet lies. “I didn’t fly a Quin Jet into the ocean, it was the Valkyrie.”
Tony released Steve’s cock and a whimper of complaint was his answer. “Hey, come on, look at me.” Steve blinked a few times and then focused on Tony as he climbed back onto the couch. “I want to come with you.”
“It’s 7:15. We have to be at the clinic by 10 am.” Steve swallows down his fears. “Are you sure about this?”
“I’m sorry. I’ve done some stupid things over the last month and a half. I didn’t know better. I hope you understand I have good intentions.”
“I will inform the chef. Do you want me to tell Captain Rogers that he’s welcome at breakfast or have him served in his room?”
“That’s a job, not a home, Steve.” Tony pulls away the bandage. “Ultron’s knowledge of your healing abilities must be a little less informed. He’s got you healing at an accelerated rate, maybe 6, 8 times faster than a typical human.”
“I should do a lot, but right now I’m going to finish my project. Are you coming to do your job or are you going to mother hen me to death?” Tony raises an eyebrow at him.
“In the soul bond?” Steve asked. “That – darkness?” He swallowed back his fear at the feeling, at losing Clint.
As the images, the feelings of being spread in both his ass and his mouth, used and taken, overcomes him. He drifts in the cradle. He eases into the feelings, the soft memories of what it should be like to experience an alpha. The first time with Tony, Steve’s body reacted, wanted, bonded with him. His mind took longer. Even after everything that happened, Steve still wished it could be like those first days. The anticipation, the anxiety, the excitement. Instead, their lives had turned into something grotesque and horrific.
During their time driving to the airport, Steve in his t-shirt and jeans (what magical pocket universe Happy got them from, Tony might never know) spends his time staring out the window. His mouth hangs open and he only mutters lowly in his throat. Tony wraps his hand around Steve’s to satisfy Rhodey’s curiosity. Once they get to the airport and on the jet, Tony bids Rhodey goodbye.
“If he didn’t, then he can hear and see everything. I doubt that because he didn’t know about Clint being retired,” Tony says. He scratches at the back of his neck. It’s a tell that Tony does when he’s uncomfortable with a riddle or a problem. “But he can learn from his mistakes.”
“Yes, Captain?”
“I’m trying, do you want to help?”  Steve runs his fingers along the seams of the door, checking all of the hinges.
He watched the movie, riveted by it, and confused. How could they possibly use dream technology (that didn’t even exist) to ever interrogate Ultron’s mind. Later Tony explained it to him.
The sample. Bruce just mentioned it. Tony knows that’s exactly what she’s doing, but hell if he doesn’t trust her. He forces his raging heart to stop drumming in his ears. “Did he-.” He swallows and starts again. “Did he wake up while you were in here at all?”
Steve wanders out into the main room, his thoughts speeding ahead of him. Remembering the worn down hovel of the Brooklyn settlement, a cold ache chills him to the core. This is the wealth and riches always denied those in the Beyond Regions. Only in the last two months has he luxuriated in the warmth of regular showers, only in the last two months has his belly been full, only in the last two months has he had the funds to buy all the medicines his sickly body needs. Here there is an overabundance of everything. The whole bottom floor of the tenement Steve lived in could fit in his quarters on this ship. It astonished him and disgusted him.
Steve sighed, the weight of it felt like a crushing blow to his gut. He’d only just spoken the same thing to Tony. “I know. You can take out the leader but that doesn’t mean the rest will follow you.” He nodded. “I get that, I do. But I have to believe there’s still good in the place I call home.”
Sam steps away from Bucky and Redwing jumps into the air. In seconds Sam releases his own wings and launches off the side of the hill. He's got both hands full with small blasters and he targets the fortress' towers. Bucky uses the advantage of the distraction to leap down the jagged hillside. It takes more time than he'd like, there aren't easy hand holds. With his one metal arm he's able to swing and then literally throw himself to the edge of the rock face, getting to a level perch before he needs to leap to the ground. When he does every bone in his body jars and he rolls to safety. Closing in on the stone fortress that looks to be some ancient civilization's temple, Bucky eases his way around the wall and tries to find an entrance into the building that doesn't mean the front door  (or portcullis as the case may be).
“Hmm, my kind of place,” Tony laughs.
Before Steve dissolves into the feelings echoing through Tony, Steve pulls back and asks, “You know I never knew. Why didn’t you tell me? I thought my feelings were only just mine.”
“Hi Colonel, do you remember me, I’m working for Tony Stark,” Steve says and winces. That’s the worse introduction he’s ever heard. “Steve Rogers. I’m Mister Stark’s Personal Assistant.”
This time he feels like the world around him brightens and the elixir runs through him strengthening him and empowering him. When he’s done, he lifts his head and glimpses a kind of wistful pain in Steven’s eyes – as if he’s hoping and wishing for something – someone else.
“Wh-.” Steve stops.
When Tony told Steve the details, he’d flinched. “For the remainder of my life?”
Half of Tony wanted the dream space to absorb him during the night again, but it hadn’t appeared at all. Tony figured that it probably wouldn’t. He couldn’t will it and, he assumed, because they understood it as a real space between them they’d destroyed it somehow. Steve hadn’t pursued more of an intimate relationship since that first moment they realized that the dream space was real to some extent. Yet, he seemed more open to Tony and definitely didn’t snap Tony’s wrist when he happened to touch Steve. During one of the lunches as the whole pack chowed down on grilled cheese sandwiches (which Tony used to hate but somehow Steve managed to change that opinion with his secret recipe), Steve mentioned it would be nice for the pack to start training.
Steve gritted his teeth and closed his eyes. He tried the Mantra to quell the seeping of his feelings through the bond, but doing it felt disingenuous. He hung his head. “Sorry, Buck. I can’t. I’m so sorry.” It wasn’t Bucky’s responsibility to take care of Steve – not anymore. “It’s not your responsibility. We’re not kids anymore. You need -.”
It both smarts and satisfies. Steven is a little bit of a bastard. “Let’s go.”
Steve made a little gurgle of a sound as if the laughter drown in his sorrow. He shook his head and glanced over at Tony. “I guess it all worked out, right? I wouldn’t want Peggy to be lost without me. She went on and lived her life. That’s a good thing.” He stared straight ahead as if he was watching her life as it played out in front of him. A small furrow appeared between his brows. The pain of a life that slipped through his fingers.
When Natasha called him with an urgent alert, he promised to catch up with Sam. He thought it would be like any other mission, like any other day.  It was. Later, he saw Sam one afternoon at the VA. Sam asked him pointed questions, yet Steve didn’t see it as a grilling, but a natural stream of questions. They spent the better part of the night talking and joking. Sam was a good, solid guy. Steve promised to call him soon when he left Sam’s apartment, but then the whole world fell down around him and the pieces of his future that he built transformed into something ugly, a profound and horrible evil. He found himself with Natasha taking refuge in Sam’s apartment, after Fury’s assassination, after nearly being blown to bits in New Jersey. Steve stood with a folder in his hand and Natasha by his side. The folder detailed something called FALCON and Steve discovered that Sam was not a pilot at all but something fantastical.
“Fury.” Natasha said no more and came to help Tony get Steve on his feet.
“Peggy.” Seeing her standing in the ensuite bathroom brought back the memories of their days long ago. The nights she would sit by the campfire with him, discussing life spent and the battles ahead. How she would talk of her hopes that vampires would be accepted after the war. They’d made major contributions especially for sabotage and night raids. The Howling Commandoes wouldn’t have been as successful without the assistance of the vampires in the unit.
Steve lifts his head frowns. “Yeah, I think you said. At least I think you said about your dad.”
The urge to leave, to roam, to go and find something  - someone heightened with every passing day. “New York. I need to touch base with the pack. Then I have to find out where I’m going to land.”
Might as well get this over with now. Tony scanned the place and, for a crazed moment, thought that they needed to clean up – right away. He didn’t want the Captain to see the laboratory in such a state. What would that mean to someone so orderly, so used to military codes? But then he remembered he hated Steve Rogers for what he did to his childhood.
“We won’t know until you’re there again with him. With all the pack members,” Strange said.
“The world can suck my dick, Steve. I just want to-.”
Steve stops stirring the big pot of stew on the stovetop. He sets the wooden spoon on the trivet. He nods. He’s gone a little pale and gaunt. “Okay. I should. Just say it.” He flicks his gaze to Tony and then back to the side. “Can you sit, please?”
Eggman says, “This is ridiculous. You can’t take him. He’s under the delusion that he’s Captain America.”
The good Captain turns with the palette in his one hand and a thick paint brush loaded with green paint in the other. “Tony.”
“Okay, we need to move,” Natasha said and stood up. “Can you carry him?”
A swath of streaming colors brilliant and blinding appears and then a huge man – an Asgardian with amber eyes appears. “My queen?”
“Come on now,” Steve said and unbuttoned his shirt. Normally for a quick drink, Tony would go for the wrist. Steve could easily keep it hidden with his long sleeves, his uniform gloves with their embedded wooden spikes at the knuckles (though Steve had a tendency not to wear them), or his uniform jacket. Tony needed something more substantial and Steve understood it. He wrestled away his shirt and pulled off his undershirt in short order. Embracing Tony, Steve brought him to his chest. A bite at the pectoral, at the nipple tantalized and produced a full bounty of nutrients.
Steve glares at Tony but quickly recovers. “I think it’s more like Tony working and me just picking up what’s leftover.” He wants to stick his tongue out at the prince and when Erskine turns for a second to place his glass on a waiter’s tray, he does much to the prince’s bemusement.
“Two weeks,” she retorts, and he shrugs his shoulders. “You’re expecting him to know what the hell is going on and accept that his master, the Soul Keeper, is evil and we’re not.”
A smile appears on Steven’s face as if surprised by the gesture. He takes the hand, gives Jamison a firm shake, and then says, “Pleasure’s all mine, sir.”
Natasha pulls out the gem from her pocket. “It’s the soul stone. He gave it to me in good faith. If he doesn’t fulfill his end of the deal, then he’ll no longer have to power of the soul stone nor will he control this place.”
Steve frowns at him and heaves him to a standing position. “I ran into a gauntlet.”
“You can trust me,” Steve says but it doesn’t alleviate the tension in the room.
Tony considers the questions and then shrugs. “I’m not 100% sure. If Ultron set this up as a virtual world where the players interact independently, then the possibility is that he doesn’t have complete omnipotent presence.”
The memories of a hole in space haunt him. Quickly he cleans up and shuts off the shower. He towel dries his hair. With little effort Tony dresses in jeans and a long sleeved black t-shirt. He doesn’t even care what’s on the front of it. His mind’s focused on Steve. By the time he shoves a poptart (why does he have these wretched things in his penthouse – Thor isn’t around) down his gullet, he’s on the elevator to the medical floor. When he arrives, the doctors are huddled at the nurses’ station. He should check in with them, but he doesn’t – he heads directly to their only current patient (The Tower also has a medical facility on the first floor for people who cannot afford healthcare. That clinic is full time – 24/7. Most of the doctors – top notch- if they sign on as medical staff for Tony Stark and the rest of the Avengers have to put in their time in the free clinic. It all works out).
“So, that’s it? It’s over?” Steve says and he feels his body curling, slumping. His legs shake. He might fall over; he grabs a streetlamp pole. “This is it?”
Tony swallows down his pride, swallows down the words he wants to say -
“Hell, Steve, I wanted it, too. I was as demanding as you were. Next time might be slower. Next time we’ll take all night. But then the time after that we might not. It doesn’t have to be rainbows coming out of your ass every time, you know.”
“Okay, let’s make sure none of that happens,” Tony says.
“Do what you can,” Steve says. “I’m going to start the whole ball rolling and then I’m going to go and find Pepper.”
“I never thought-.” He didn’t finish. “All these years, I wanted a connection, someone to be with. I kept saying it’s hard to find someone with shared life experiences-.”
When Steve breaches him, it’s face to face. The look of pure bliss mixed with a fierce pride trembles through Tony causing him to shudder and jerk against him. He spills a little but stops himself from coming. He wants to come with Steve thrusting in him, he wants to feel the full thickness of Steve pounding into him.
“It can. I can do a lot, I have a lot of money. I don’t know if you know who I am. But I have a lot of power. I can get you, and your friends out of here,” Tony says.
God what kind of torture chamber was this place?
“Someone’s going to try and assassinate your boy,” Coulson says and his words hold no malice and may be intended to soften the blow. It fails.
“See you soon,” Natasha says and then signs off.
“Seen lots of things in my travels, you’re not my first angel you know,” she says and pats him on the arm. “I’m looking over your wounds. Most look superficial, most are healing on their own. Your wings-they are another story, child.”
Tony stiffens and glares at Steven. The gall and the impudence astonishes Tony. “What the hell? Get your hand off of my bourbon.”
“Truth.”
“No. I don’t think he would approve of my use of his image for a subject.” Steve stands back. He’d forgotten to clean out the portfolio before he stuffed in the proofs. Too many things on his mind, too many things cluttering up his usually straightforward and concise thinking patterns.
“Bucky.” Another voice says and then a shadow hovers over them. A small yet strong hand on Bucky’s bare shoulder appears. “Bucky.”
“Okay,” Steve said and clapped his hands. “Boot up.” He looked at Laura. “Ma’am if you could keep the children in the house.”
Clint introduced the two new members. Both looked like deer in headlights. The young man with a shock of white hair kept his hands on his sister, one arm around her shoulders as if to protect her from the rest of the pack. They should be in the hands of the authorities. This girl was a menace. She attacked a train, and while no one died, people had been injured and property damaged. Shouldn’t she be held responsible?
“Tony!” Steve said.
Steve whipped his attention to Tony and, through clenched teeth, said, “Leave him be. He’s bleeding, he’s hurt.”
Nothing.
“You know --.” And then he says a long sentence in Farsi that Steve only picks out five or six of the words.
“Doctor Banner went to see Deputy Barnes some time ago,” Jarvis says. “I’ll get your coffee now. Dinner is almost ready.” He exits into the mudroom but Steve ignores him.
Alarms screamed.
Ross intervenes. “If you release him, then he won’t ever be free, and neither will you.”
The hulking presence of a nefarious being surrounds them, searching for a way to destroy them, to cripple and torture Tony. Steve shields Tony at every pass. The darkness broods, shadows them and expands and encompasses them. It tries to thwart them as they prod forward looking for the escape. Automatically, Steve throws defending thoughts out beyond where he feels Tony’s presence resides. His own aura spreads further like his shield and it’s familiar and easy to do. He knows how to defend, how to protect. He was made for this.
“In an old Soviet missile silo as far as I can tell,” Tony says. “Once I got you out of the maze and into the Passage, then we dropped out in the middle of more fucking snow. I found this place and hacked my way in.”
“He’s very qualified, but he knows nothing in the biomedical realm, Tony.” Pepper has a tablet in her hands, and she taps on it. It immediately sends the data to Tony’s glasses. He reads through it as she speaks. “He has a high IQ and a reasonable aptitude in the sciences. I think he’ll catch on quickly, but he won’t be more than a lab technician.”
Tony gets more alarmed when he detects the faints cry of pain. "What the fuck?"
“Don’t tell Wanda, but I hate pink lemonade. It’s like battery acid only worse because it’s supposed to be tasty.” He gags a little but sips at the glass anyhow. It does taste terrible.
He looks up to see Tony decked out fully in the Iron Man armor, standing over him. “It’s good you could join me, Cap.”
Jane’s eyes are bright and Thor’s family expectant.  Steve clears his throat and says, “I’m leaving the city for a while. Going to see friends. But I can talk to you-.”
“Well, I mean it Steve. This is great stuff. To write and to draw the comics, that’s a rare thing. That’s Stan Lee quality there.” He spreads the panels out. Over the past month, Steve worked as his technical artist, but Tony never dreamed that he had such skill. “You have a degree in fine arts?”
Steve poured each cup as Tony held them. “Sorry we don’t have any sugar or milk.”
Dream Tony doesn’t seem disturbed by the fact a full grown male lion is speaking to him. “Why would you think that?”
Maria Hill was a miracle worker. Somehow, she managed to alert Fury and get a Quin Jet to their location. It couldn’t land in the clearing where the cabin was located, but it landed not a half mile to the east. Thor flew both Bucky and Steve to the transport. Tony trashed the Iron Man armor, tossing it into the back of the jeep Clint produced from – where Tony didn’t know. Natasha and Clint got into the jeep and told him to hurry up. He got in though his whole body felt numb. He couldn’t remember the reason he’d followed Steve in the first place. The ride to the jet felt like it took a million years and he knew Steve didn’t have the time to wait for them, not with a fucking hole in his back and a burn on his shoulder to boot.
Bucky calls him on it. “Damn, Rogers, stop trying. It’s pathetic to watch you try and lie, you know?” He smiles but it’s halfhearted and aching. “You need to listen to me, now.”
A voice from the blistering wind laughs. “You don’t understand, dear Captain. In only moments I will have complete control of your autonomic system. You’ll be a visitor in your own body. You’ll watch paralyzed as I command every movement you make and every word you utter. His pitiful worm cannot destroy me. It cannot stop me. I have become you.”
The wildness in Steve’s eyes like a prey animal knowing full well he’s trapped by a predator triggers Tony to act. Even if he’d wanted to stop himself, there would be no way in hell he could have. He leaps forward, grabs Steve’s shirt, and yanks him close enough to plant his lips on his mouth. For a moment, there’s no response at all. The shock overwhelms both of them – Steve too surprised to move, Tony too terrified to act. They stand there, frozen by fear and disbelief.
Tony frowns. “I don’t think that’s going to work. We need to go forward. We don’t have any other chance to get through this. Going back just makes us have to face Loki and the maze again. There’s no logic in that.”
“This little helper of yours is a Kree spy,” Obie declares. He rips the bracelet off Steve’s wrist. “Look at the craftsmanship. That’s not standard Fleet tech. That’s something else.”
The wood toxin in his system dulled his senses, but the sun’s brightening rays shot through him as sure as an arrow to the heart. He thrashed then, mustering enough energy to lurch away from his captors and totter and fall to his knees in the middle of the roof top. The glare from the daylight hitting the cityscape scorched his retinas and he whined at the feel of it, like hot pokers in his eyeballs. He shielded his eyes with his arm and tried again to get to his feet. The hot roof seared the soles on his feet and he tumbled to his knees, then hit his chin against the roof tile.
“The dock. That you nearly fell in. That’s on me. I should have been more careful.” He checks the program and the box pops up that states the download was successful. “Looks like the download checks out. Says it’s successful.”
Tony glides his hand down Steve’s shoulder. “I let you guide me all day. Now you let me do the same. Switch it up.” Steve’s confused but he gets it in a bit, with Tony taking the lead.
“Fuck! Fucking stop!” Rumlow raged. He bashed his closed fist against the side of Steve’s head, but it did nothing to deter him. Steve bit down harder; the crunch of bones against his molars only served to encourage him. Skin tore in his mouth even as Rumlow punched him in his abdomen, where the nanobots where burning him from the inside. Steve hung on as tears streamed down his face, but he thought of Tony, alone on the roof, splayed out and crucified.
Over the past week, Tony has insisted that Steven spend the majority of his time in his room or presentation suite, naked. Sometimes he’s asked Steven to remain in one of the presentation position until he returned. Sometimes he put him to the rack for pleasure or for punishment.
“Not now,” Steve said. He glanced at Tony, seeing the same exhaustion in his eyes that settled in Steve’s core. He put his hand up to ward off Natasha’s protestations. “We’re not going to abandon our home, but we need to-.” He stopped – admitting it to Natasha brought all the pain to the surface.
Not able to make heads or tails of it, Tony goes to the kitchen cleans up and then heads back downstairs to fix the mess of wiring in the house. At least it’s something to do while Steve is sulking or whatever. They’d all promised not to bring their Avengers equipment with them, that meant no armor for Tony. All he really has is his phone link to Friday and his tablet. While he sits and sorts through the wires he gathered, he sends a text to Maria Hill.
“See! Even Colonel Rhodes agrees with me.”
“Come, sit. Captain, you know Secretary Ross?” Pierce said as they entered the expansive room with its sleek, gray couches. The tables were glass and metal, reflecting the sunlight streaming in through the ceiling to floor windows.
“You know I do think of you as more than just my Personal Assistant, Steve,” Tony says. His eyes closed; he’s not straining for something that’s not there. “You’re a friend at the very least. You’ve been a talented asset. As well as a caring assistant. You’re important to me. I think Pepper and I made a good decision when we hired you.”
Anytime he’s about to make a decision on which way to go, he uses the shield, hitting hard and fast and then moving on. Steve’s buoyed by his progress and his step is a little lighter. The tingling and numbness from the shock wears off as he turns the corner only to come upon another occupant of the maze.
“You know I don’t,” Tony said, and he felt the quiver of tears – vampire tears bloody and red- streak his cheeks. Steve leaned down and lightly kissed them away.
Bucky tries not to imagine the hell that Steve has gone through all these months or the fact that he had to fight the Scholars themselves to be allowed to search for him. The Jedi Scholar Peggy had seemed the most approachable.
That’s when it happens. That’s when he sees the glow flicker about Steve again. It’s ethereal and luminous. It’s beautiful and it clears the wounds away, makes him whole again, but then it fades, shimmering away to leave the cold stark reality of injuries and hell again. Tony stumbles backward and stares at Steve.
“You suggested that,” Tony retorts and runs his hands over his face. “And that’s not what I’m talking about. You know me, Pep. I’m all about me.”
“You’re all I have, Pepperoni.”
“Maybe you can eat first?” Tony points to the food.
What happened to rules?
“How’d you get so knowledgeable about soul mates and packs?” He appreciated her frank words, but he still felt adrift. He treaded water while she swam Olympic laps around him.
“It takes a while to adjust,” Tony says, and his voice is unnaturally subdued.
Tony raises his hands in a sign of peace. It does open his palms to allow him to use the repulsors at any time, but the villagers don’t know that little fact. “I mean you no harm. I’m looking for someone.”
“So that’s the reason we’re all having a séance in the middle of the woods and we’re naked?” Tony mocked but he refused to release Steve.
“Oh shit!” Tony jumps out of his arms and nearly busts his knees when he falls forward into the coffee table, only Steve’s quick action of yanking him back saves him. He gasps and Steve’s lays his head against Tony’s back.
A moaning purr but then Blu grimaces and scratches at his nose again.
He suspected as much, but he truly didn’t know if he wanted to hear what had driven Thor to leave the safe house with the new pack members to come and talk to Steve. The images of the dream space roared back to life and it took all his strength not to cut and run. For all his growing up years, Steve listened to his mother – he stood his ground, he always got back up. But this – this tested his resolve and his love. That last – his love – it terrified him. Everything he’d built with Tony over the last few weeks would crumble and dissolve if the nightmare became the reality.
Steve helps Tony take off his helmet and takes off his own. “Well, let’s see if the Motel West has any vacancies.” Steve offers his arm to Tony with a slight nudge and he guides them both to the main building. “This is a tiny building. There are several cabins in the back. It looks like an ax murderer might find this place attractive. Last chance for going back to the city.”
Natasha appeared next to him, nearly setting off another blast from his hands.
“Forget it,” Tony said. He clapped his hands and tossed the equations out. “Bring it all back.”
And then he moves away as does the doctor. The cradle closes around him and Steve opens his mouth to scream. No sound comes out. The sedative rushes into his vein and he shudders. The glass of the cradle warps everything around him, bending the light and the fixtures in the laboratory. For an instant his vision pulses and then he sinks down into oblivion.
His hand caresses the thickness of Steve’s cock and the man trembles beneath him. It feels real, truthful, and throws Tony further deeper and deeper into some kind of love for this stranger, this sex worker, this mystery beneath him. He sweeps a finger over the head of Steve’s cock and he jerks in response. When Tony looks up at him, his eyes are focused on the ceiling, his hands are clenched in the thin sheets of the bed. This isn’t the sex worker beneath him, this is the man in the drawings – the scrawny man that turned into the god. Tony leans down and lightly brushes his lips against Steve’s navel, then drags his tongue downward until Steve’s hot and heavy in his mouth again.
Steve pulled him up and cuddled Tony in his arms. “No, actually. Not at all.”
The press of purpose bends him, hurts him. He’s always tried to be a good man, but can he be the good husband. Can he give what his Hermi needs? He doesn’t answer. He wonders if he can answer.
He finally finds the root of the gland where it links to the blood vessels. Cutting it will be dangerous. He needs to cut far enough up to the vessels but not too far otherwise he’ll bleed too heavily even for him. He’s not worried about the nerve root to the brain, it shouldn’t be problem with the serum in his veins. But he needs to do it fast.
“That’s not true,” Tony said. “You have Bucky.” It hurt; it hurt like hell to say it. But it was the truth and Natasha gave him a small nod to acknowledge his sacrifice.
She giggles again and rolls her eyes. “Just Pepper.” With a swing of her ponytail, the Duchess leaves him to the opulence of the prince’s world.
Blu rises to his great paws and then trots off.
Cho only says, “It will take a while. The gland isn’t functioning at capacity yet. But the blood flow is good.”
“You don’t know his assignment yet?” Natasha asks.
“You are fucking dead. You know that, right? You’re fucking dead.”
Bruce looks at Logan and then at Tony. “Just to update you we contacted Reed Richards and he let us listen in on a recording of Steve asking him about the Ornari.”
Tony doesn’t remark on Steven’s agape expression, but waves his ring in front of the lock to his quarters. It opens and he walks into the wide space. The open concept design flows through most of his quarters. Only the bathroom and the presentation suite are closed off from the main room. The center of the room holds the lounge with a huge dome over it so that the universe is literally hanging over head. To the left is the bed with a canopy of soft silks draped around it. To the right happens to be his workshop. As they enter they pass the butler’s pantry and the bar. Steven follows, him his eyes drifting from the bed to the workshop. When he spots the workshop his eyes soften and he almost smiles.
He sits up and it takes all his energy and strength to accept what she’s said. “Okay. I get it.”
Clint scoffs. “I wish. It’s more complicated. We can’t work because of what happened to us. He’s the only one who – let’s just say he’s the only one to go through it all unscathed. The rest of us – not so much.” He taps his hearing aids. “This is the least of my problems.”
“But I knew they were forced. As much as I was,” Steve said. “But I wanted to kill them. I wanted to stop them for making me-.” He ran out of breath and then stood up walked to the far wall and stood against it with hands in his pockets. “And now, what am I if I’m not them. I’m just as bad. I wanted to do the worst things to them. I’m not a good man. I’m not a good soldier. I just wanted t-.”
Blu reaches over and paws at Tony.
Tony rubs at his eyes and crawls back over to the cot where Steve murmurs in a half-sleep, half unconscious stupor. Blinking several times, Tony starts to reach out to touch what he sees, and then Steve moves and flips over. For a second, Tony thinks he doesn’t look as bad as he thought. But then there’s something god damned sprouting out of his back. Or at least that’s what Tony thought he saw.
Bruce went quiet then – not only in the room but in his soul. It surprised Steve to know how absolutely silent and still Bruce could become considering he harbored an angry monster inside of him. Steve eased into the bond, trailing behind Bruce yet the waters were nearly calm. Nothing moved, no sound disrupted the stillness. The souls around him were like a sheet of glass, perfectly flat, noiseless, and undisturbed. Steve allowed the low energy to cover him as he sank into its midst.
“Not impossible, if you get an invitation,” Tony says.
He stands there perplexed and pained. Something is wrong. He knows it, feels it – as if he has a phantom limb. He jerks around at the Outriders as they paw at the ground waiting for orders to annihilate him. He understands what he needs to do now.
“It’s the fries.”
“No.” Tony touches the gland at the omega’s collar bone. The elixir leaks out, as if beckoning him. “You’ll earn it.”
“Well,” Sam said as he reached for his beer. “We’ll find out a little tomorrow, right?”
Tony reaches out. His eyes – covered with contacts so to give the illusion of sight – aren’t what transfixes Steve. It’s Tony’s hand, cupping his jaw and cheek. “Steve.”
“Well, it’s better than Shithead, so yeah, I think so,” Tony says. His critical eye goes to Steve as if to question what’s going on. Steve chuckles inwardly. He’s surely turned the tables on Tony’s intention of the day. Another win for Steve and Tony knows it. Of course, the prince is going to rise to the occasion. “I was thinking maybe I could look at some silk ties. Not ties for dress but for other uses.” He side-eyes Steve and watches as the mark hits home.
And he couldn’t argue. How could he? For so many months, for so many hours, he’d struggled with it. He’d donned a cloak to pretend everything was okay, that he’d found his place in the world. But his heart wanted and his mind tried so valiantly to shut it down.
“Exactly.”
“You have explicitly said that you do not want to be kissed on the lips,” the alpha says.
“God, please.”
T’Challa smiled up at Steve, his eyebrow arched. “I think you understand, Captain.”
“Yeah, but do you know about being in a relationship as the Beloved?” Bruce followed Tony as he tried to get away. He’d really considered the implications of being Beloved and how the soul worked, but maybe not as in depth as he needed. In his chest, a second heart throbbed a beat. If he stopped and listened, Steve’s presence, his soul threads would tangle around Tony. At first, they had been discordant, but now that dissonance rectified and hummed into a possibility, a melody. He shouldn’t even worry about Sam – it was fucking crystal clear how Steve had through the soul bond partnered with Tony in all but in deed.
Steven faces him and there’s something smug and arrogant about the way he answers, “I didn’t.”
“This is nice too,” Steve says as he hangs in the hallway. “I think we all have our own bathroom.”
Steve sniffles. “Made up. Nothing happens to me in the cold. No freezing and going into stasis. No PTSD or whatever. None of that. In fact, I kind of like it. I was looking forward to learning how to ski. Maybe sledding. I didn’t get to do that as a kid. Growing up in New York City and being sick kind of made that an impossibility.”
“Son of a bitch.” Rumlow pulled out his club. “Get the fuck out here you god damned piece of shit.”
He practically growls, “It is now.” The rest of JARVIS’ warnings buzz in his head and he files them away. The idea of the lion in someone’s hands, the hands of a professed murderer, enrages him.
“I mean,” Tony says and starts to pace in the kitchen. “I mean that I mustn’t have died. Not really – not in the Ornari reality.”
“So far, not so good,” Bruce said.
“It seems to be something more,” Jane says. She isn’t teasing, she’s testing the waters to see if he wants to talk about it.
When Tony took Steve from behind last night after he crawled into bed, he let out a piercing cry and his body shook with pleasure and with something else, something haunting and lonely. After, Steve massaged the tension out of Tony as he drifted to sleep. As a child Steve wished for food, for safety, for reliability above all else, but the prince – Steve wondered what he’d wished for as a child. What did it mean to have billions of lives as a responsibility?
“Come,” Tony says and, with his hand grasping Steve’s, he leads him over to the bed. He guides Steve to sit down and stands over him. “I just want to know a little about you. Just a little. What you find comfortable.”
“Who?” Steve said and tried to move. Again Sam placed a hand on his shoulder.
“Fuck,” he says and goes to his rooms. He feels like for years he’s been battling within himself. Good and evil. Is he of two minds melded into one? He doesn’t know. He needs to find out who Tony Stark is. Is he the dom alpha who only wants people to bow at his feet? Or is he the alpha who would change the worlds?
“Hmm,” Steve says with a nod. “Yeah, I am. Just hungry.” He furrows his brows as he notices the book Tony has in his lap. “Braille? You know braille?”
As he sits on the chair facing toward the mountain range, Steve watches as Jarvis fusses over Tony. He adjusts the blankets on Tony’s lap, ensuring that the blanket wraps around his shoulders.
“Yes, it is. This isn’t something you should play around with Tony. Seizures can sometimes lead to brain damage-.”
Steve negates that immediately. “No. Ultron thinks you’re inferior to him. So, if he wants to be human, he has to shrink down his abilities to multi-task. It’s the only way to become more human. Otherwise he’s always confined to being an AI.”
Sawyer gestured toward the stone steps. “I have to admit. I kind of wanted to see you in the armor, sir. We expected you and all, but then again the air defense of this place is kind of crazy.”
He runs wet hands through his blonde hair, letting the water drip down his face. He shaved earlier this morning with a small cracked mirror and the water pitcher in the room he shares with Bucky. But it feels good to have the water, so cool and crisp to lift him from the phantoms of his nightmare.
Steve glances at Tony. He’s quietly snoring, the download happening through the ether. “Well, we can’t have that.” He types,
It’s derailed everything. “Tony, don’t listen to them. They’re trying to distract us. They’re trying to pit us against one another-.”
“This isn’t good, is it?” Clint asked.
“Not anymore?” Bucky spun around on his heel and then whipped right back to Steve again. “Look at you. Is this what you want? Him?” He shook his head. His long hair – the hair he had as the Winter Soldier, not as the man Steve knew all those years ago. He was some kind of an amalgamate of the Bucky Steve knew and the Winter Soldier. He smashed the cigarette on the doorframe and tossed it to the side. “What would your mother think?”
Tony shakes his head. “I’ve no idea, but I suspect it’s the little worm I implanted in his brain. So, it’s a tit for tat kind of thing right now.”
Steve leaves the bedroom and walks to the main room, where the mess miraculously has been cleaned or at least organized. Piles of wires, computer boards, smart crystals, and  other techno parts that Steve doesn’t recognize are all separated and places on a table to the side of the room. A few items still scatter over the floor. Steve spots the prince sitting at the table with a freaking glory of food on it.
Steve put his hand up. “I’m sorry, Doctor Strange.” He paused to glance at Tony who wasn’t pleased at Steve’s handling of the sorcerer. “But it is important for us to figure out why these twins were named to be part of our pack.”
He laughs and directs Tony to his clothes.
“It wasn’t you,” Steve said but knew those words rang hollow. But his thoughts reached out to Bucky, to one of his pack whom he called Brother. Bucky had been tormented, tortured, and turned into a lethal weapon. He was an assassin of legend. Bucky had been a victim as well. “It might not sound like I understand, but I do. You’re not responsible for what happened under mind control.”
“Ms. Potts?” Steve says while silently dismissing the Honor Guard. She glances up and an ambiguous shift of emotions crosses her face. Torn, he thinks she must feel a certain amount of fealty to him as well as her boss and friend, Tony. “May I speak with you?”
- was it heaven? People saw light when they were dying. He should go to the darkness, go back, but the light pulled.
"I'm the first person that told you your real name, how long have they withheld that from you?"
The lion growls.
Steve bites his tongue.
“Can someone get me a warm blanket?” Cho called and Steve heard the shuffle of feet as one of the nurses went to do her bidding.
With nothing else to say, Steve takes his leave. He finds his way back to the vestibule and Natasha waits for him. Her eyes are cynical and her stance rigid.
“No, Bucky this, or Bucky that, you’re supposed to run the Rails with us.” Bucky swivels around Steve, fingers waves his metal hand at Natasha, but then turns right back to Steve. “We can’t win this thing without you.”
Steve heaved in a breath, trying to stabilize the pain level. A small whine escaped his lips. Rumlow watched him like a hawk observing its prey. “Let’s fix that, shall we? Cancel rack. Chains, please.” The bindings on his wrists and ankles slid away, leaving only the shackles with the chains winched to the ceiling and linked to the floor. “Kneel.”
“Well, you’ve been so gloomy lately. I thought I would try a different tactic,” Steve said and then buried his face in Tony’s abdomen and proceeded to splurt raspberries into his navel.
“Now, I am going to show you why I came here, why I come here.”
Steve stood there with his hands on his hips. “Well, that was extremely unhelpful.”
By the time Tony reaches Bruce’s floor in the Tower, he’s vibrating so hard he thinks he might shake his teeth right out of his head. Walking out of the lift, he scans the living room – Bruce has it decorated with a small sculpted waterfall where the fireplace should be. A few cushions are situated near the water as it cascades down black rocks. Each rock glimmers in the lighting. It’s mesmerizing but Tony tears himself away and heads toward the kitchen which proves to be more utilitarian than the living room. Bruce is standing by the counter with a tea mug and playing with the string of the bag he’s dunking repeatedly.
“Would Loki throw in with the Red Skull gang?”
From the back corner, Tony said, “You sure about this?” It wasn’t in attack mode.
“Well, I guess I could just jump on the bike SHIELD gave me and wander around the country for a while.” Absently, he flipped through the printed pages.
Tony likes that little tidbit. He knows not to pressure his potential boss. So, Tony puts everything on its head. “Stand up.”
Steve slides his mouth along the prince’s shaft. A tangy, bitter taste as flesh against his tongue sends almost painful spears of desire to his own groin. He presses the heel of his hand on his cock to stop from coming just from tasting Tony. It’s mana from heaven and he drinks it the saltiness of the pre-come and runs his tongue along the protruding blood vessel while his hand dances along Tony’s balls. The prince cries out and slips down to the floor. Steve ravages his mouth but only for seconds before he lies prostrate onto the floor as if in supplication.
He mutters under his breath about a 100 year old virgin and then – very clumsily – manages to get onto the shield.
This time Tony accepts it and thanks Steve. He spoons the broth and sips it slowly. He’s still nauseous but the weakness from hunger supersedes it.  Steve rips off a hunk of the loaf of bread and gives it to Tony. He dunks it in the thin soup and chews it. It’s stale but it tastes like heaven. He cannot remember the last time he ate bread.
“You needed more than air,” Thor said. He joined Tony and then gestured to the path along the fields toward the fenced paddock. Tony fell into step easily with him. “I fear you may be losing your path.”
Steve had smiled at that, the heat of his love for Bucky hot on his face. They hadn’t dwelt on the ways to die in space that night, but it haunted Steve – still does as he sits there in the lonely corridor outside of Tony’s quarters. His face is wet with his tears, and he curls his kneels up to his chest. Steve didn’t have family other than Bucky. His friend had stayed behind when his whole family moved off Brooklyn years ago. He wouldn’t leave Steve to tend to his dying mother alone. At least not until the force came and demanded all able bodied men and women join up. The last able bodied people left on Brooklyn had been the old, the young, and Peggy with her brother. The Conclave granted Peggy and Michael a waiver due to the mass of orphaned children left behind by the incursions and the blight. Steve – well Steve hadn’t been wanted by the military.
“You ever hear of a Soul Pack?” Steve asked.
“There are many places I’d rather be right now, Stark.”
Her words had been more confusing and confounding than she probably thought they would be for him. Thor thought of himself as a simple warrior. Maybe that was why the mantle of king always ill fit him. When he joined the Avengers, Thor found himself in a spot that gave him comfort. He didn’t have to figure things out, he didn’t have to dig deep. There was a foe, he stood his ground, he fought for right and good. And then he rested, slept, and ate. It seemed a good life.
