“Time for bed, old man,” she replies, and even with his back turned to her, he can hear the nervous smile on her lips. He wishes her voice would turn up at the end again, the odd, almost sarcastic lilt at the end of every smoky sentence back. She’s been walking on eggshells around him since Balthazar died, more subdued and polite. He hates it.
Castiel isn’t sure if the retirement home is aptly named or this side of unintentionally cruel, but, he thinks as he sits on Balthazar’s now empty bed, it’s oddly poetic. It makes sense, in a way; the end of a day fitting a house for those nearing the end. He heard weird old Gabriel once proclaim that they had a rival of their own, a
“How are you planning to follow me then?”
Dean wishes it hadn’t.
“Keep your hands away from my brother, you creep,” Dean snarls.
“Dean-“
“No, no, it’s… it’s hope.” Castiel stares longingly at the empty bed, eyes tracing the curve of the pillow where Balthazar had rested before. “Like how religion is a security blanket of a sort—some people need to believe in something to keep themselves sane, to keep from wallowing into all this filth and misery. And I
“No, Cas, you can’t-“
Other-Castiel’s, no, the Empty Vessel’s eyes (Christ on a cracker, they even have the same deep blue colour) swing towards Dean’s. “Golem.” His voice isn’t as low and as fucked up as Castiel’s and that, for some strange reason, calms Dean a touch, and he manages to shoot the Empty Vessel a cocky (albeit shaky) smile.
“Finally,” Dean mutters, and he earns Castiel’s fingers clutching painfully at his shoulder again.
“I want to see them again,” Castiel continues before silence falls on them again. “Anna, Samandriel, the guys from the garrison… Balthazar. Even if I have to die to see them, I still want to.”
“I know.”
Another sigh. “Okay.”
“I know who you are,” the Empty Vessel continues smoothly, as if Dean hasn’t interrupted him at all. “Dean Winchester, mechanic and volunteer at the homeless shelter. Saviour of puppies and kitties and lost little souls lookin’ to be swept off their feet.” He turns to Cas. “And-“
“It’s not one of the perks, I have to admit.”
“He wasn’t-“
“Shut up, I’m not pretty,” Dean chides, hand sliding up from Castiel’s to his bicep, thumb rubbing reassuring circles over the sleeve of the old man’s shirt. “And I’ve got a hundred years on you, so don’t you whippersnapper give me any lip!”
Castiel snorts. “I haven’t been called that in years.”
He hears Jimmy whisper so, so softly, “I knew you’d choose me, Cassie”, and when Dean turns to look, he sees Jimmy wrap his arms around Cas, kissing his twin’s temple tenderly, almost reverently,  before making his way down closed eyelids and then the tip of his nose. And when Jimmy tilts his head and presses his lips firmly against Castiel’s, they vanish, leaving Sam and Dean with a faint flap of wings and the last few bars of Chopin in their wake.
Part 1:
Castiel flushes. “I’m not-“
“Jimmy,” Cas says quietly, and Dean shivers. Cas only uses that tone when he’s on the verge of erupting and he’s trying to keep himself together. Dean’s suddenly grateful he’s not Jimmy. “Why?”
Dean scoffs. “Don’t tell me what to do.”
“Okay, look, I understand that this is a very difficult decision to make,” Jimmy says, face pulled into mock-understanding. “I want my brother back because I love him and you dolts don’t deserve him. You want your brother back because you’re family and families stick together. And this should be a piece of cake, but you also want to bang my brother. I completely, completely, understand. On the other hand,” he grins cheerfully, “I have bombs placed in strategic points all over the hospital, the library, and that huge Walmart all the moms are raving about. I can, I don’t know, blow that place up while you go and mull this shit over for another hour. You can’t make me wait for too long, Dean.”
“No, Cas,” he growls.
Gabriel had found it disconcerting, tossing Castiel confused and pitying looks when he thought the taller man isn’t looking. He’s worried, Castiel knows, and he’s taken him aside for encouraging speeches and stories about what he went through when Kali passed. It’s hard, he’d said, but there isn’t anything a good chocolate fudge cake couldn’t cheer up. Gabriel, for all his loud words and brazen proclamations, had never been one for heartfelt conversations.
“No, really.”
Dean scoots up closer to him, pushing Balthazar’s pillow up against the headboard, and takes Castiel’s hand, beautiful fingers wrapping around Castiel’s withered ones. He tugs him onto the bed and the old man obliges, the pillow a warm presence against his side. “You better,” Dean says.
He sighs.
. Like if Voldemort decided to invite Harry to the Three Broomsticks for a little negotiating instead of the big pow-wow at the end of movie number eight.
“I-“ Dean’s eyes flick from Jimmy to Sam to Cas and then back to Jimmy. That feeling of wrongness is weighing heavily on him again. They’re supposed to have beaten the Empty Vessel by now, saved Sam by now. Why does it feel like everything – Sam’s life, his and Castiel’s- whatever it was between them – is hanging into balance, everything just a question or a careless remark away from falling off a cliff? “I don’t- I don’t know, Cas, what-“ he turns to his friend. “What’s going on?”
“Do you like my gun, Castiel?” Dean hears Jimmy ask through the pain-filled haze he’s in. “I made it myself! It shoots bullets and electricity and- I made it, y’know, thinking I could protect you and me with it when we-“
“Why not? I know sucking human blood isn’t the best thing for you bleeding hearts, but it’s not any worse than rotting six feet under the ground! Benny’s even makin’ us steal blood instead of sinking our fangs into live humans. And we can stay young and strong and beautiful forever, Cas.”
“No!” Dean’s fingers clench into a fist, hands trembling to keep from turning into stone. “Please, Cas, just…” They had the same argument early on. Cas wanted to sit still and watch and plot; Dean’s willing to do whatever the fucker wants them to as long as he gets his baby brother back. It was only when he mentioned family – how no one, absolutely no one, is abandoned when it gets tough – that Cas shut up. Dean may not know a whole lot about his Cas, but he knows when he’s hit a chord.
Dean takes his hand again and kisses it delicately. “Don’t say that.”
“What about me?” Dean’s staring at him so imploringly, eyes so sad and miserable, and Castiel wants to hug him, rest Dean’s head over his heart so he can listen to his heartbeat, tell him that of course, Castiel cares about him, that he’s never stopped caring about him even after Balthazar came along and made Castiel care about him too.
“Yeah. I’ve got-” Dean dips his hand into the jacket again and turns the pocket, and more chips are tossed and spread across the empty bed, “I’ve got more. So much more.”
And then everything clicks. Cas casually mentioning his foster homes and his brother with only the vaguest details, Cas having no childhood photos save for one where his mom’s holding him up to the camera, Cas’ refusal to celebrate his own birthday…
Cas sighs and Dean hears his wings flap as the other man approaches.
Cas flinches. “Jimmy, you know-“
“Cas.” There’s a desperation in his voice instead of the usual sharp smile, miserable and nervous. Castiel chooses to ignore it.
“Your turn, Golem!” Jimmy beams at Dean. “Come on, I know that thick head of yours must be brimming with questions! Ask away, ask away!” He gestures at Dean encouragingly, charming fake smile in place.
Cas sighs heavily. “He’s not a dick, Dean.”
“Dude,” he wheezes incredulously, struggling to sit up and ignore the little pinpricks of pain. “Did you actually bomb half the city to get your brother’s attention? That’s… that’s so not cool.”
“But it’s different now, isn’t it?” Dean cuts in sharply. “I’m sorry about
“What’s this?”
It’s nothing like he thought their first kiss would be. It isn’t wildly passionate or eagerly sloppy; it isn’t frantic with the spreading heat of arousal or desperate and careless and all-consuming. It’s short, their lips pressing against each other’s in something so soft and sweet. The longing is still there, decades of waiting, of being too cautious and too afraid and too reluctant to let go of something they cherished all wrapped up into this kiss.
There is a crack of electricity and Dean’s suddenly writhing on the floor, his nerves feeling as if they’re on fire, spine simultaneously trying to bow back and curl into itself. “Get away from my brother, you stupid rock,” Jimmy hisses.
He wonders if he’s too cold, too detached. Balthazar was—
“Dude had a thing for my eyes so,” Dean shrugs, “I bet my eyes. Threw in a couple of fangs too, and I was in.”
sure I’d lose my eyes, Cas, and I…” He runs his thumb across Castiel’s knuckles. “And I thought I wouldn’t give up, that I’d gamble everything away until I get you your years.” He smiles. “Luckily, dude had an even worse hand: threes and a jack. I won his stupid game and,” he gestures at the chips, “I got you fifty years, Cas. Fifty! You’ll be young again and I can turn you and…” he drifts off when he notices Castiel’s bowed head. “Cas?”
“Did you see him?” he asks him instead. “The witch?”
To his credit, Dean doesn’t seem defeated against Castiel’s strongest arsenal, the determined look he’d always worn since he’d saved Castiel from drowning decades ago still on his handsome face. “This is why you should’ve accepted it before- no. I’m so mad at you right now.”
Dean hesitates. “You reek of it, but it wasn’t always that way.”
“It’s a trap,” Cas says, voice so quiet Dean almost has to lean in close to hear him.
Grief, he thinks, is a strange thing. He’s read there’s a pattern to it, some stages people go through like one goes through a chemistry experiment or a logical math problem. Hester, the regal widow at the end of the hall, had said that there’s a truth in all that—that one does not go through grief all at once. There were times, she’d confided at Balthazar’s funeral, when she wailed so loudly she feared she had awakened the whole home, and there were times she stayed awake trying to bribe someone to bring her husband back. That is the great thing about staying in a place filled with old people: most of them take their hearing aids off before they sleep.
“Dude, you traded that shitty Beetle for an even shittier soccer mom van. It’s like you don’t even want to be a hippie anymore.”
“Cas-“
“You gotta explain this to me, Cas, because I’ve asked you before and you’ve always told me you got somewhere to fly to, something to hold on to, someone to be with! Am I not- no. Just-“ he runs a hand through his hair in frustration. “Just tell me why, Cas.”
Castiel laughs. “Come on,” he tugs at Dean, struggling to stand up as he feels a haze start to spread across his head, his vision starting to dim. He can see tendrils of yellow and orange creeping into the dark sky and he suddenly yearns to see more. “I want to watch the sun rise.”
“I know,” Dean says, and at Castiel’s surprised
He passes a hand across the empty expanse of the bed. It’s cold—far too cold—for something that had once held someone as warm and bright as Balthazar was. Is. He refuses to think that Balthazar’s of the past, something to be forgotten and buried as soon as his body had gone cold. Balthazar lived; he is remembered. He
—one of his great loves. Yet he can’t feel the suffocating and drowning grip of sadness at his passing; maybe the others are right in their concern.
The grin on other-Castiel’s face (because whoever that is can’t be Cas, no, please don’t be Cas) is too wide, the chains on the bracelets keeping Sammy so quiet and feeble are too flimsy, and instead of the charged silence before every battle, with nothing but the pounding of his heart in his ears, faint piano music, sweet and a bit haunting, plays.
“Castiel.” A sigh and then Jimmy drops his gun hand, shoulders curved and slumped underneath the sharp cut of his suit. “Cassie, I just- I miss you.”
, he continues, “I was here when he… The both of you were on the chaise out on the porch?” Castiel nods. “I smelled it- him. I smelled him and I knew.”
made a deal with the Crossroad Demon for
Cas says something, rough and tense, and his wings flare menacingly behind him.
Instead of the controlled blankness Dean’s so used to, Cas’ features are slack, eyes flashing a lighter blue and mouth open. There’s none of the usual aloof indifference Cas often chooses to  present to his enemies – this is Cas with his guard down, with his emotions so close to the surface. And that terrifies Dean just a little bit.
There’s a pause, heavy and dark. Dean has dropped his hands, but Castiel feels the emptiness even keenly now, the short distance seemingly much farther as Dean retreats, eyes guarded and mouth set in a thin line.
– and Christ, isn’t that name too normal and too ordinary for one of the sneakiest and craziest villain they’ve ever encountered – smile grows impossibly wider. “Hello, little brother.”
She doesn’t wait for him to slip under his own sheets, turning the lights off as Castiel lingers at the empty bed, the pale white of the moon illuminating what he’s lost.
The Empty Vessel’s, no
“Oh, no need to keep up with the silly little superhero names, boys,” Empty Vessel singsongs playfully, hands now carding through Sam’s stupidly long hair.
Tomorrow, he thinks, he shall tell Meg not to use any of those silly smells when she warms Balthazar’s sheets.
“Stop talking about me like I’m not here!” Jimmy suddenly yells, startling Dean and Cas. “I’m here and I exist and don’t I deserve-“ he pauses suddenly, eyes wide, and he looks so much like Cas that something in Dean’s chest twists painfully. “You know what, I’m sick of twenty questions. Let’s just,” he runs a shaky hand through his hair, “let’s just get on with this, shall we? Right to the point, yes.”
“Dean-“
Head bowed, Dean says, “I’ve always followed you wherever you disappeared to. Vietnam, New York, San Francisco, fuckin’ Canada…”
“You-“ Dean rounds Castiel, and he figures he must look a step away from insanity, but he can’t care less about that now. His Castiel, fucking Jimmy- are they working together? Did they plan this little shindig together? “
“But I did!” Dean exclaims. “Cas, look, I’d bet them every single time if I could just have you. I’d bet anything if I could just have you. How much more do I have to repeat that so it’d get through that stupid, thick skull?”
And this, Castiel doesn’t understand. He understands blind faith, having entrusted his and his soldiers’ lives to a god that had never shown him any sign of his existence. He understands irrational love and devotion, piety and burning loyalty. How someone can have that for
“What did
“Do I smell like it?” Castiel can’t help asking, turning half-around so the tall silhouette is just at the corner of his eye.
Castiel shakes his head again. “You know I don’t care about those things.”
Dean chuckles darkly. “You’re such a fucking hippie.”
“It’s Chopin, you uncultured swine,” the Empty Vessel replies smoothly and Dean is starting to really hate that fake smile. “Fantaisie Impromptu played by the late Vladimir Horowitz. Of course, you wouldn’t know that; your taste in music is as extensive as your disgusting roadside diet.”
“I’ve told you before-“
He knows Dean knows he didn’t mean it, but the other man continues anyway, “I almost thought I’d lose them, and I was still terrified. Last game though, all in, and all I had was a pair of threes and a queen. I was
Dean growls, arms turning into boulders. “Listen, you stupid little-“
“And that’s… a good thing?” Castiel says unsurely.
This is all very obviously a trap.
“I love you,” Castiel professes.
“Jimmy,” Cas breathes at last and Dean’s head snaps so fast to the other hero that he thinks he heard his neck creak. “Jimmy.”
On paper, it is. This is about Cas and Sam though, and they’re human, they shouldn’t be dealt like poker chips.
Castiel gapes at him. “You- you shouldn’t have!”
“Balthazar died,” he tells Dean, as if he’s justifying his fascination with the bed, “almost four weeks ago.”
“It’s not- it’s not like that.”
Dean clenches his fingers. “I can’t believe you’re giving me the ‘it’s not you, it’s me’ speech.”
“No, you’re not,” Dean says, voice clipped. Castiel really isn’t; death is an inevitability for him—he’d rather Dean accept it now than turn into a mess once Castiel passes. Dean is strong, he knows, but love has always been his weakness.
Balthazar liked the name well enough though, and Castiel had caught him and Gabriel conspiring once or twice about a retirement home Olympics. Castiel thinks they were just both excited at the prospect of having young cheerleaders.
Jimmy’s nostrils flare (just like Castiel’s does when he’s furious, Dean notes uselessly) and there’s a crackle of electricity when he swings an ornate gun towards Dean. “You,” he snarls, “you don’t get to talk, Dean Winchester;
They thought they stopped the bombings, him, Cas, and Sammy, detonating the mostly homemade explosives as soon as they detected them. It was quiet for a while after that – they haven’t caught the Empty Vessel, but they haven’t heard a peep from him either in almost a month. Sam said the “allure” (because only Sam would use words from a romance novel) of the explosions might have worn off or something, and Cas suggested that maybe the Empty Vessel was bored and moved on. Only Dean knew better – good things never last and sooner or later, the Empty Vessel would pop up again, guns and bombs a-blazin’.
“Because you, ah, what was it you said?” Jimmy hums, tapping his chin with the barrel of his gun. “‘Forever, Jimmy’, you said, ‘we’ll be together forever.’ Well, little brother,” he gestures around them, and Dean’s heart almost stops when the gun whips around. “This isn’t how I envisioned ‘forever’.”
“I know.”
Castiel laughs quietly as he rests his head against the headboard. He suddenly feels so tired.
to be here; that something or someone is still keeping you from me.”
“I know.” Castiel passes a hand across his eyes, feeling suddenly as old and tired as he supposes he should be. “Just- just let me-“ He looks down at the bed again, surprised to see his hand clenching at the sheets, and he releases them, tugging until they rest smooth.
“It’s a faith thing.”
“‘What’s going on’? That’s your question?” Jimmy chortles. “See, Dean, when someone loves someone very much-“
“When,” Castiel corrects.
Instead, he backs up, standing to lean against the wall and away from Dean. He needs to think, needs to gather his thoughts. He’s too old now; he forgets easily, his tongue trips and falters over so many confused lines of thought. And Dean makes it worse—him with his sweet words and earnest eyes. Castiel doesn’t want what Dean wants to colour his judgement. After years of being told what to do, how to live his life, he covets this freedom.
He’d always been there, his Dean. He’ll find his way to him.
Still, Castiel was heartened when he’d found out that Gabriel has never partaken in the nurse’s bet for when he eventually breaks down into a gibbering mess.
It’s easy – too easy, a traitorous part of his mind grouches when Cas and he break in with the weakest resistance they’ve encountered since Garth the Invader’s sock puppet army – and so Dean’s surprised (and he shouldn’t be – weapons are a must for henchmen) to find a man, no, boy shaking and staring at him from behind the barrel of a gun when he turns a corner. Dean skids to a clumsy stop, arms pinwheeling for balance. Ah, shit, he thinks, shutting his eyes and bracing himself for the shot, his skin starting to turn into stone. With his dumb luck, the kid might actually sneak a bullet in just before Dean completely turns.
Dean wants to stop him, tell him that there must be some other way, a loophole, a weakness (and Cas would know Jimmy’s) they can exploit, but his voice dies when Jimmy snaps his fingers and the bracelets around Sam’s wrist clatter onto the floor and Sam begins to follow them. Dean stumbles to his brother’s side, cradling and hugging Sam like when he was seven and Sammy was three and finally old enough to remember nightmares. Please be alright, please be alright, please…
“If you’re telling me you’re not worth it, I swear to god…”
“I know,” Dean answers roughly, squaring his shoulders and marching on. Only an idiot would think they were good enough to best the mastermind behind the biggest and worst bombings in the history of Lawrence Metro City without breaking a sweat. If the Empty Vessel managed to slip through Henriksen’s best and brightest to plant a bomb into City Hall in broad daylight, why was it so easy and painless to get to him?
brother. Even Garth the Idiot is smart enough to keep away from Bela Talbot.”
Jimmy shakes his head slowly. “Dean, Dean, Dean,” Jimmy chides, as if Dean’s a stupid child who can’t comprehend that red mixed with yellow produces orange. “All I want is my forever. I get my brother back, Golem gets his Flame back. Sound deal, isn’t it?”
“Oh?” Castiel opens his hand, brows furrowing as a green circle greets him. “It’s a poker chip.”
“I’ll still follow you!” Dean says. “I won’t stop looking for you until I find you again.”
“A brother for a brother,” Jimmy says, wide smile back. “I want Castiel in exchange for one Sam Winchester.” He shakes Sam by his collar.
, but he’s not here anymore! You told me before that he’s the only thing tethering you here. He’s dead, Cas, so don’t you go sayin’ that you
“Well, if you believe in all that Heaven crap, you bet your ass us monsters aren’t gonna end up there when we bite the dust.”
“So,” Dean clears his throat, “you’re not crying your heart out. What gives?”
Five days ago, Sam disappeared. Dean and Cas combed the city for him, senses struggling to catch even a whiff of his brother. They found nothing. This morning, someone texted Dean an address through Sam’s phone with the Empty Vessel’s signature sign-off.
For a moment, Dean’s heart stops, panic clutching at him again as he thinks that maybe Sam isn’t here after all, that this was just a wild goose chase some other villain tossed them into after all, and then the dust and debris clears.
of jostled plastic as Dean shuffles closer and dips into the bed, his thigh pressed against Castiel’s. He takes Castiel’s hand, fingers wrapping around the old man’s, and Castiel marvels for a brief moment at how wrinkled his hands are now compared to Dean’s smooth and beautiful skin, wide palms and long fingers wizened. Dean had adored them as much as Balthazar had; he wonders vainly if Dean is still as enamoured with them as he was almost eighty years ago.
Dean scoffs. “What, a phone too plebeian for you, bomber boy?” Castiel’s hand on his shoulder tightens and Dean winces. “What?”
“A present.”
Instead of the bang he’s expecting, he hears a whoosh of air, and then everything’s silent, save for the quiet clack of the gun falling onto the floor. A hand touches his raised arms and Dean flinches – he has hardened completely, but even then, the cold from Castiel’s fingers manages to seep through the man’s leather glove and his stone layers.
“And I got him. He was in some dump of a bar, gambling away human years and lives as if they were nothing but money. Placed in a couple of bets and-“
“Not yet,” Castiel cuts in sharply. “Not yet.”
But then, Cas is also family and Dean meant it when he told him that no one gets abandoned. So how is he supposed to make this decision? How is he supposed to sell one person he (adored, respected, loved?) liked for someone else? “What are you gonna do with him?” Dean asks. “Drag him along to some bombing spree and force him to power up your dynamites? Because, I’m sorry, dude, but that’s a shitty way to treat your brother.”
“Dean-“
“Cas,” he grits through stiff lips – paralysis is a small payment for complete immunity from almost every weapon and element known to man. Cas obediently removes his hand and when Dean finally returns to callused and scarred skin, he sees ice covering the kid from head to toe, frightened eyes wide and unseeing. Cas alights next to him, dark wings fluttering nervously as his eyes land on the door at the end of the hallway.
“Douchebag.” He nods at the Empty Vessel. “Didn’t know you villains liked Beethoven. Would have thought emo music was more your thing.”
The door is so ordinary – all wood and metal – that Dean begins to feel panic settling into him. This- it’s all supposed to be more difficult: Sammy’s supposed to be tied up inside like the dude in distress that he is, and he and Cas are supposed to bust in, all bloody and heroic as shit, and the villain will laugh his maniacal little laugh, and Dean’s supposed to punch that stupid prick on the mouth for even daring to hurt his little brother. But this… this wooden door? It’s so
They split up, scanning the club for vampires or their potential victims. The usual tells don't stand out at much in this crowd. Dean orders a drink and finds a good seat, somewhere out of the bustle but still open to the bulk of the room. He fiddles with the choker around his neck, an invitation. One vulnerable, morose-but-approachable vampire juice box coming right up.
Cas mutters, "The English language is so limiting sometimes," then meets Dean's eyes again, glittering with determination. "I'm
"Sorry," Cas says, quietly thinking the first phrase blasphemous and therefore appropriate. He wipes his hand off with the wet washcloth, then pats it dry on his shirt.
"I dunno," Dean admits. "I… I didn't want him doin' this, but he's stubborn as shit. He thinks getting it done will… you know, make him feel better. Hopefully he's right."
"What?"
He hates himself for bringing it up. He could have just gone on being grateful. Would that have been so bad? And he had been. He'd been so grateful. His father had loved him enough to teach him how to be a man, so no one would ever speak to him that way again. What a gift.
"It's not fine, Dean," Cas says, and steps toward him, brow furrowed, reaching out as if she might touch him before she freezes, her arms hovering uselessly at her sides. Her eyes are focused on his with Castiel's typical intensity. It's uncanny, seeing all these familiar gestures play out in an entirely unfamiliar body.
"Yes."
"Cas," Dean says. "Castiel. Please, I'm begging you, man. Something's wrong with Sam, I don't know what it is, but—" Dean runs his fingers through his damp hair, hunching over the sink. "I need your help right now. I don't know what the fuck to do. He woulda let me die, man. And I— There's too much. It's all. It's all just too much, and I just. I need someone on my team right now. So can you put your flaming sword down for a minute and just... " He shrugs, his shirt sticking to his damp skin and pulling. He shakes his head. "Forget it, you're not listening. Whatever."
"I've got a choice to bury my head in the sand and go back to—to coding apps for billionaires, you mean."
It should be relief. And yes, he wants to be back to normal. There are a hundred little annoyances associated with his predicament, and it'll be a weight off his shoulders, literally and figuratively. To be looked at normally again, to be able to fit into his clothes again.
He doesn't need underwear any more than he needs makeup. His boxers fit him just fine, if a little snugly. He holds them up, sliding the material between his thumb and forefinger. It's nice. Silky. He doesn't
tried to kill each other a few times. It's something I've learned to overlook, I guess."
"I'd like to take a shower."
"How many…?"
"I'm not Buffy the goddamn Vampire Slayer," Dean grumbles.
Dean really enjoys his part. He also hopes that the doors in the bunker are thick, because clearly Cas is enjoying it too. His thighs press into Dean's ears, his feet crossed over Dean's shoulders, so Dean puts his neck into it, sucking Castiel's clit and letting him fuck up against his tongue as hard as he wants. Cas drops a hand to Dean's head, sliding his fingers through Dean's hair almost gently, and Dean likes that, too. He wouldn't mind Cas tugging on it a little, but he seems content just letting his fingernails graze over Dean's scalp while his head bobs between Cas's legs. He gets an elbow up on the bed so he can slide a finger into him, then two, crooking them forward to see if Cas likes that, too.
"Why is it stupid? Why can't I wanna help people? Why can't I wanna help
"That isn't to say wrestling isn't a perfectly—"
son—" Jody sucks in a breath, and it shudders out on the exhale. "I don't know how you're imagining it's gonna go, but if you're worried about what Bobby'll say, you shouldn't."
Dean doesn't mean to sound so pathetic when he says, "You wanna be friends?"
"I took this vessel only once, for eight hours, one hundred years ago. Do you know what I did in those eight hours?"
Dean whirls around, heart in his throat. Sam is in the doorway, still in pajamas and with bed-rumpled hair, squinting like he's only partly awake.
You'd better be in life-threatening peril or else I'm going to kill you!!!!
it. Like... I know how much you loved Charlie."
"Did you guys have another fight?" Sam's using the same voice he uses to talk to scared animals and little kids, which is about the limit of what Dean can handle from this conversation. Dean pulls out his phone, tries to ignore that his most recent recieved text is that photo of Jack grinning and Cas making that dumb little frowny face, and starts typing something to Cas before he can think better of it.
"That's how they get you. I'm taking these up to Sam and Rowena, tell Cas we're gonna get packed up in about a half hour, okay?"
"Evening, miss," says the cop. Dean's a little surprised to hear a woman's voice. "Kinda late to be out, huh?"
Dean scrubs a hand over his face, ignoring her. "Look, Cas, you don't have to—"
"Good. Okay. I'm sorry I'm being such a headcase," Mina says, and Dean stops her with a kiss pressed to her chin. He lingers over her mouth, a question. Mina sighs and pulls him in the rest of the way as an answer.
"Yeah." Something Sam remembered is sticking in his craw, though. "After that, when he dropped you at Pastor Jim's. I think that was the first time Dad took me on a hunt."
"Hell yeah," he says.
but didn't. Dad liked Lee, respected him. He said he liked hunting with him, that he had a good head on his shoulders and a mean right hook, even though it pissed him the hell off when Lee, who was older than Dean and should've had his dumb early-twenties bullshit far behind him, brought him back half-senseless smelling like cigarette smoke and stale beer.
She throws her glasses and contact cases into her purse. "Like I give a fuck you took out your air conditioner so you could get like, two more horsepowers or whatever on your lil' Matchbox. What
"I really thought you were pissed at me. You've been, uh, kinda keeping to yourself."
"Are you freaked?"
"Dean, you didn't let me finish speaking," Cas says, a little line of frustration between his eyebrows.
"Never gonna make it out of here at this rate," Dean says quietly.
"Would you be?" Dean's moved on to beer as well, and he drains the last of his bottle before he adds it to the collection growing next to him. Sam lets out a wobbly sigh, conceding the point.
Charlie punches him in the shoulder. "A guy, you fool of a Took."
"She passed out pretty early," he says. "I figure we let her sleep while we get some food, then hit the road."
"We still communicated," Cas says. "More directly than speaking, even." Cas takes Dean's hand, squeezing it gently. Despite being surrounded by people, Dean doesn't flinch away from it. "You wouldn't remember it now, but it's not unlike the day we met."
"I… feel an attachment I didn't expect to my former appearance. I know it's not my true face, I know it doesn't really
"You're sure it was Cas?"
"I'm a hunter?"
didn't exist five billion years ago," Dean says reflexively, before Cas can finish speaking.
Dean remembers. He had thought that if Castiel realized he deserved something better, he'd leave again.
Dean tries to speak, and it comes out as a whimper. Castiel's face crumples, and she swipes a thumb across his forehead, cradling his face. Ice-cold, her grace shivers through him, then just as suddenly, he's warm all over, the rabbit-pace of his heartbeat easing. His throat relaxes, and air rushes into his lungs. His head swims with it. Cas just keeps stroking her fingers across his temple, through his hair. When he feels like he can sit up without getting dizzy, he pushes her away, tearing the sheets off and staggering into the bathroom. He can't look her in the eye right now.
"Are we gonna have a better opportunity to find our way to the nest? It's that or keep trawling these message boards for the saddest girls in the poetry club."
"I think my phone is in my coat. Is… is that all right?"
"Dean," Cas says, choked with love for this man. "May I take a picture of you?"
"It's fine. Whatever, like I'm his keeper?" Dean scrubs a hand over his chin. He forgot to shave again, and his scruff is nearing beard territory. "Yeah," he growls, "I just fucking died, but sure, I'll run off alone to do who knows what without saying anything."
"I'm surprised you like these movies so much," Dean says. "I mean. There's only, like, two chicks in 'em. Three," he corrects, remembering Eowyn.
Dean looks down at his feet, taking a tense and unsteady breath. "Aren't you scared?"
"You mean you want me to pretend I'm the Bella to some douchebag's Edward."
He thinks of Benny. That first time, topside. The hot bristle of his beard pressed into Dean's skin, the way he'd said, "I'm just so damn
Thien starts moving again, and then all Dean can do is go along for the ride. Cas can dip out any time he wants. He doesn't need doors to do it. But he's just standing stock-still, transfixed. Dean feels dizzy. Thien moves Dean's leg, changing the angle, and fucks into him, hard—Dean's head falls back, unable to stop the noise it forces out of his throat. When he turns to look at Cas again, his eyes are dark and focused. Oh god. This is really happening. He's letting this happen.
"Good morning, sunshine," Dean says. He lifts the slice of toast to his mouth and bites. Savory yolk spills over his lip and down his chin, clinging there. His tongue darts out to swipe it away.
"Family," Dean says. "He died before we met you."
Dean scoffs. "What, you're just gonna keep fighting forever?"
Dean stops short. For some reason, the phrase makes him break out in a sweat, his stomach turning.
The little general store in the lobby proves more fruitful. They sell snacks and toiletries there, but they also sell liquor. Dean takes his buddy Jack Daniels outside so they can lean against the side of the Impala together, drinking and watching the sun go down over the office park next door.
Principal Andrews doesn't laugh, but she seems to take the explanation calmly enough, her mouth quirking in a tight smile. Dean can feel the sweat making his shirt stick to his back. She turns to Cas, who is utterly still in her seat, her hand still clasped tightly in Dean's.
"I like watching you eat," she says. "You enjoy it."
Dean thinks. The shift of Castiel's coat on the blankets is the sound of waves through a bedroom window.
"Hey, pal." He pulls Cas in by the shoulder and wraps his arms around him. He's a little bit shorter again, just an inch or so. Dean ducks his chin to speak softly in his ear. "It's great to hear your voice." Cas's arms tighten around his chest, his fingers spanning across Dean's shoulder blades. Dean sighs into it. When he pulls himself away, he brushes a few more shell fragments away from Cas's ear.
What the fuck do you want your highness
In exchange, Castiel tells them of the Empty, the void where beings like her find their final rest. It sounds kind of like how Dean had pictured death, honestly, before he knew that Heaven and Hell and everything that went along with them were real. There are worse things than sleeping quietly forever, Dean thinks. A day or two ago he would have welcomed it. But Castiel had not slept peacefully, had heard a voice call out her name in the darkness and, in defiance of a millennia of dead silence, woke up.
Cas doesn't look disgusted. His face is flushed, his eyes bright, his lips parted. But he also doesn't look like he's planning on coming over, on sliding his hands between Dean's thighs and pulling them apart and—
"Miss her already?" Sam has a pouty little smile, like he's two seconds away from calling Dean
"My child is an honor student at Lake Bridge Junior High."
The first time he and his old friend Lee snuck away from his dad to go out drinking after a hunt. Lee had thrown his arm around Dean's back, a solid line of heat all along his side, and Dean, stumbling, had slapped a splayed hand against his thick chest and thought,
Dean taps on Castiel's head to wake her up, setting the braid forward over her shoulder so she can see more of it. Cas touches it, strokes her thumb over it. When she finally looks up, her eyes are heavy-lidded and dark. She's lit in blue by the television, her lips parted, and she looks— well—
This chapter's gonna deal with canonical character death and grief. Take care of yourselves, and happy Friday. <3
There's a video of Haleigh, dressed similarly to how she is now, in a darkened classroom lit only by colorful cycling LEDs. She bops around to a track Dean could only call music if he were feeling very charitable, adding pouches of ingredients to a mortar and pestle and reciting incantations that are helpfully captioned on the tiny screen.
"What's happening?"
"Uh. Sure. Yeah, that'd be cool."
"I mean, you'd be a catch."
He tries on a red dress.
"I—" Cas croaks, hating that Dean will be disappointed with him. "I don't want to hurt you."
His waist isn't as small as he'd like it to be, he thinks, stepping back to get a better look. He's very square, and there's a little swell of fat and skin at the waistband of his boxer briefs. His stomach seems softer, too, poking out just a little at the front in a way that looks different. His underwear's too tight, though. He pats around, feeling the swell of his own ass. Yeah, that's, uh… that's different. He turns to the side, his eyes going round at the sight. Jesus Christ.
"I dunno. Seemed like you had a good time nerding out with Charlie the last couple days. Thought it might cheer you up a little more." Sam peels the banana, and bites off about half of it in one go.
In the same way, he can't really remember the first time he thought that maybe there was something wrong with him. Something that people could sense but he couldn't control. He can't remember the moment he realized he would have to work at it to make sure no one noticed, to make sure he passed without a second glance, to make sure nobody asked him any questions he wasn't prepared to answer. The knowledge is just ingrained in him now, as sure as the fact that he's Dean Winchester, that he's John and Mary Winchester's firstborn. There are things men don't do without attracting the wrong kind of attention, and there are things men don't do period. No amount of evidence to the contrary has yet been able to overwrite that programming.
, too, which is a nice surprise—most of the offerings are really plain, just bland whites and beiges, but this one is black and kinda satiny, with a little decorative trim, and it's just the sort of thing Dean likes on a woman. The wires don't dig into his ribs, and once he figures out how to adjust the straps, they don't cut into his shoulders, either. The effect is a little jarring at first, 'cause the lift is so noticeable he sort of feels like his tits are gonna smack into his chin, but when he looks at himself in the mirror, it doesn't look weird. It just looks… nice. He's still kind of awkward in his ill-fitting jeans, but from the waist up? Yeah. He looks pretty good.
he breathes. Dean steals a look up at him through the fan of his eyelashes, then lets his eyes fall shut as he concentrates on mouthing his way up Cas's length and back down, laving his tongue over the shape of him and wetting the white fabric to translucence. It's not the first time Cas has had Dean's mouth, but if Dean had ever been so eager for it, Cas hadn't realized. His pink tongue, the sheen on his lips, the excited gleam in his eye when he sees how it makes Cas thicken—all are nothing short of miraculous.
"Jaws!" The child grins up at Cas. The shark is bigger than they are, towering over their head and knocking their baseball cap askew.
"So fuckin' cool, Cas. Shit, if Sam and Eileen hadn't've been there I'd've—like, right there in the—the fuckin'—"
"You just didn't get invited to the same slumber parties I did, Sammy." In the list of
They have breakfast again, as a family, down one guest. Cas watches Dean eat gratefully, watches the poison leave him with every bite, watches the pallor flee his cheeks. He watches Mary stealing the bacon from Sam's plate, reservedly impish, and he watches Sam fold a straw wrapper into a triangle, which he flicks right onto Dean's syrup-drenched plate. This is his family, he thinks, with a certainty he never felt even at the height of his tenure in Heaven. He has chosen them. Here is how he can love them.
"I'm sorry," Cas says.
"Cas, man, I— Why d'you keep doin' this to me, man?"
“But all I wanted was-” Gabriel tried.
“We could go East, towards the sea,” Castiel offered.
Every inch of the room spoke to him in dulcet tones, singing of Castiel, both his presence and his absence. Here was the mixtape Dean had gifted him, in a place of honor on the mantle. There, a spare tie, blue as the sky and bluer still. Some dress shirts, folded in the corner. The closet, ever so slightly ajar. An upturned corner of a sheet, an impression left in the middle of the bed. Dean imaged Castiel praying, then wished he hadn’t, because suddenly, he was on his knees before the bed, elbows resting in the wrinkles where Castiel had sat, on the verge of weeping.
Dean chewed on his bottom lip, very carefully considering the implications of what Cas was saying. “Even if that were true – which it’s not,” he added hastily, “what kind of angel would it make you if you were to fall into bed with me right now?”
“You did so well,” Dean said, as he was wiping away the last evidence of their love-making. It struck Castiel that this – this was somehow more intimate than what they’d just done. It was one thing to get swept up in the moment, but he’d always found it difficult to talk about it in the aftermath.
Dean felt a stirring in his loins, but he ignored it quite stoically. “Very funny. Since when did you grow a sense of humor?”
“Michael says that if this works, I have to take the three of you somewhere far away from here.”
“Oh no; not again,” Dean replied, frowning in anticipation of whatever new and strange thing Castiel had done. “Alright, let’s get it over with. Just tell me.”
“We’re happily married,” Castiel ensured Sam, who raised an eyebrow at the couple.
Dean hastened to add, “I mean, for you. I… Just want a little bite.” He hung his head and shuffled his feet in the leaf litter that surrounded the river.
In the end, Gabriel didn’t leave him any choice in the matter, shoving him forward. Castiel yelped as he fell, but he landed on something soft a great distance away, within sight of Sam and Dean’s dwelling.
This was exactly how Sam found them, but the younger Winchester brother was not terribly offended by this relatively tame display of emotion, as he’d been exposed to more scandalous parts and pieces of his brother and his brother’s angel that he’d preferred to have gone without seeing in the past few weeks and months.
Dean’s eyes once more found their way to the river. “Cas…” he breathed.
Frowning, Dean said, “Cas, this is really not the time to be worried about facial hair.”
A long silence passed between them. “I think we both know why you’re asking me that question,” Gabriel said, finally. His voice was harsh, and Castiel flinched away from him. “And I think we both know the answer as well,” he added, voice softer, now.
“What if you don’t remember me?” Gabriel asked, voice shaking.
“Well, if there were children in the house, or other pets, we’d recommend a home visit. But that won’t be necessary in this case,” Castiel explained. “And you’re good people. I can tell.”
“For what?” Castiel asked, tilting his head.
And he could feel Castiel’s soft smile against his collar bone, and that was answer enough.
Gabriel fixed his eyes on Dean with a stare that unsettled the dryad’s stomach and made him want to flinch away. “Hurricane season is starting soon. You don’t want to be at sea-level when that happens.”
“Love you, too, little bro,” Gabriel said, smile crumpling off his face.
“If he survives, you must take him and his brother away from the forest. I will see to it personally that their trees are taken care of. The other dryads cannot know that they had a life before this one.”
“Don’t mention it,” Gabriel said. He took Sam’s hand and turned to leave. “Now, if you’ll excuse us, I think we all have some lost time to make up for.”
In the dark, lights flared behind his eyes and sizzled out. Dean’s breath ghosted against him, and then Dean was taking him into his mouth, so gentle and so loving that Castiel felt he was slowly flying apart. He groaned, long and low, and his breathing quickened along with his pulse as Dean began to suck him off in earnest.
The darkness descended upon him, a gentle, velvet black that did not abate no matter which way Castiel turned his head.
And yet, there was Gabriel on the ground, rubbing gingerly at the place Sam had shoved him. It occurred to Dean once more that his world had come and gone.
Castiel abruptly took Dean’s outstretched hand just as it was about to fall. “Dean,” Castiel said, voice wavering. “I love you too.” He let go. “But I don’t think I could bear to start again.” His eyes bore into Dean’s. “The man I knew and loved doesn’t know me. It’s like you look at me, and you just… Don’t see me. I want to feel seen.”
Possums are just about my favorite animal. Just in case any of you were wondering.
Together, they shared the fruit, passing it back and forth between them, both of them taking progressively smaller bites until nothing but the pit was left. Dean sucked on it, for a while, just until the last of the flavors were gone. When nothing remained but a faint earthy taste, he stood.
“I told you to forget about me,” he said, exasperated, as he rose to the surface.
“Figures,” Dean grunted. He turned away from Sam so his brother wouldn’t see him start to cry.
“Sam,” came a voice that was unfamiliar to the brothers. Its speaker sounded utterly betrayed, and Sam turned to the sound like a planet turns towards the sun, a lost look in his eyes. “Castiel,” he breathed, turning to his brother. “You summoned me here for –
With a little whine, Ace settled back down.
“It’s true, Dean-o,” came a voice from the tree-line.
He slunk out of the water. “I thought I told you to forget about me.”
“Okay, I surrender,” he said. A long moment of silence followed, and Castiel rested his palm on Dean’s shoulder, allowing him the time to mull over his next thought. “On one condition.”
He misjudged his pace and Castiel’s strength, and they both went tumbling onto the forest floor when Dean flung himself in the other’s arms.
And that was the last moment of peace they had for quite some time. Mirabel began scratching at the door, begging entry into the great outdoors, where the deluge was just beginning to slow into a drizzle.
(See the end of the chapter for
Slowly, Dean approached it, feeling like he’d done something similar, in another time, in another place, on another world, in another life.
Castiel closed his eyes and willed himself not to weep. “This again,” he said, biting out a bitter, humorless laugh. “You – you asked me the same question a few days ago. When you were still just a dryad. Before you were made to remember. How else could we have chosen? We choose the humans we most loved.”
Dean shook his head. “I don’t remember being a- what do you call it?”
“But Dean…” It took him a long moment to realize Cas was crying now, too. “Don’t you remember what you said to me, when I promised I’d always love you?”
Dean’s eyes grew sad. “I can’t promise anything,” he said, slowly. “But I’ll try.” The rising sun formed what looked like a halo around Castiel’s head, and he grinned. “Starting now.” He drew the other closer, and they kissed again, this time slower and with great tenderness.
“Together,” Cas said.
When the last of what had made him an angel was gone, he fell to his knees, and crawled towards the river he knew so well. He’d sustained her, and her plants and fish and the wildlife that came to drink of her sweet, sweet waters, and he knew, even past the haze of grief and the hollowness in his heart where once had been such devoutness, such divinity; that the river would carry him home.
“When,” Dean asserted. “When he wakes up, maybe we should just admit that we’re outmatched and leave.”
Dean wandered around the forest in a haze. Half-forgotten ghosts of memories began to surface in his mind, but they slipped away as soon as he tried to grasp at them.
And Castiel was lost. Sobbing, he let the light of his halo shine on them both, and Dean looked upon the light and for a few brief moments, they were one.
When he opened them again, Dean had divested himself of his underwear, finally, finally; they’d been at this for so long that Castiel had lost track of the hours. He was pleased to see that Dean looked nearly as desperate as he, cock red and flushed and leaking pre-cum.
Dean blushed when Castiel turned back around. “I was wondering if… I could get a goodnight kiss.” He flushed an even brighter shade of red. Something about Castiel made him so forward. It was as if like the water nymph freed him to feel things he’d always longed for and dreamt about.
“Okay, I’m praying,” he shouted, more to himself than to any angel. “I was wrong, alright? I should have listened.” He blinked back tears. “Oh, God, I should have listened.”
Gabriel fixed his eyes on the evening star. “I’ve had my heart broken, too.”
At that, Gabriel scoffed. “That’s the understatement of the ages,” he observed.
“Roll over,” Violet attempted. Ace let out a long, low whine, but rolled over onto his belly nevertheless. She knelt down to give him a belly rub, and when she rose, Ace rolled back over, standing up and wagging his tail. “Sit,” Violet commanded, and Ace sat. She nodded and smiled over at Cas. “It’ll do.”
Things went swimmingly for quite some time.
Dean tried to smile, but it fell short and he sighed instead. He opened his mouth to bite out a witty retort, but a feeble “I’m sorry,” was all that came out.
He emerged into the dawn to find his lover sitting astride Lily, holding both her reigns and Daisy’s.
“Penance,” Castiel said, quietly.
Castiel turned away, as if he couldn’t bear the sight of the other any longer. “Go,” he whispered. “Find Sam. I can’t do this anymore,” he said.
“Is that a risk you want to take?” Gabriel growled.
“Don’t you think it means there’s hope?”
“It’s in bloom.”
Dean looked at Cas with hungry eyes, and if either he or Castiel had been able to look away from the other, they’d have noticed Sam looking at Gabriel in much the same manner.
“I thought I had,” the other said, eyes boring into Gabriel’s.
Dean let out a small whimper. “I’m so sorry, Cas.”
“I’m saying one still does,” Castiel said quietly.
“Be careful,” his mother had said when he’d awaken from his slumber half-drunk with thirst, and insisted that he must go to the river. “The water nymph is from the time before the Great Awakening.”
“More,” Castiel demanded, adding a breathy, “please” to the end only as an afterthought.
Castiel took a deep breath, but all the air fled from Dean’s own lungs as he watched the other fall to one knee, reaching with sure, steady fingers for the ring in his pocket.
“Now,” Dean informed him, before pressing a gentle kiss to Castiel’s cock.
What happened between them rushed, unbidden, into Dean’s mind – the kiss, so gentle and tentative at first, becoming something rough and possessive; the way Castiel had looked at him with those oceanic eyes, the depths of which had become dark and unfathomable, for a brief moment before the flap of wings had sounded, echoed, returned, and left Dean alone, gasping for air and grasping for straws as he became more and more desperate to find his angel and explain.
“Yes,” Castiel replied. “I thought I’d told him to stay out of the kitchen, but I guess someone didn’t listen,” he chided the dog, who was more of a mutt than a mix. He displayed some of the features of a retriever, but had the shape of a hound and pointy, fluffy ears as well as a waggity tail. A single black patch in the shape of a heart featured prominently on his rump.
The rains come, and with them; mud, which rarely mixes well with dogs.
“Oh,” Dean concluded, taking a moment to mull it over. “So, does that mean I’m not as good with animals as I think I am?” He laughed.
Gabriel arrived with much fanfare.
“Mom’s waiting,” Sam offered.
“I don’t know,” Castiel answered. “Perhaps the kind that loves you. The kind that doesn’t want to sit around in this motel room for four hours while you suffer. Or maybe I’m even more of an idiot than you are, but I don’t think that changes the situation.” His eyes met Dean’s, and roved lower and lower until they settled on the now prominent bulge in the other’s pants.
That was all Gabriel needed to hear. He took Michael’s hand in his own and they shook on it for a little longer than strictly necessary. Michael didn’t seem to be planning on stopping anytime soon, so Gabriel pulled him in for a hug.
The sight took his breath away – Castiel, angel of the Lord; his personal savior, sitting atop a mighty horse, dawn rendering him softer, the angles and lines of his body seeming smoother, now, in the golden half-light.
“More,” Castiel said. “I want – I need – more of you,” he pleaded, wriggling under Dean until their clothed cocks aligned. The friction was delicious, and he moaned.
“Yeah?” He was quickly growing impatient. “What’s so special about a tree?”
The barn was not quite what Dean had been expecting. He’d been thinking of a barren, cavernously empty space, filled with a smattering of hay, and he was briefly distracted by everything he was seeing.
“I expected as much,” Castiel said, and moved closer to Dean, who was holding Heather like a shield. “You two have a special bond. Anyone can see that.”
“But… You are,” Castiel answered, a small smile gracing his features.
“Kind of like the domestication of wayward angels,” Dean joked.
Now that his tasks were finally over, he was left with too much time on his hands. Their mother had gone to visit a neighbor about a mile away, and Sam had left to forage, so he laid in his bed of furs, elevated above the floor by a woven platform, fiddling with the relics of his life as it had been.
Dean shook his head, laughing. “Did you just wolf-whistle me?”
And when he was done, he did not weep, but rather rose and stretched, then settled himself at the desk and began to write.
“I can be quiet,” he whispered in Castiel’s ear once they parted, drawing a shiver from the other. “Can you?”
The photograph depicted a dilapidated old farmhouse, complete with what must have once been a barn, but was now merely a sagging roof supported by ivy-clad walls and boarded-up windows.
“Is that what happened to the city?” Dean asked. “Was it bombed?”
“What are these for?” Castiel asked, puzzled as he turned the hats in his hands.
“I see you’ve already chosen our new family member,” Becca said. Violet hastened to explain that they only had one dog for adoption that might meet their needs, but Becca waved her off. “Joking, joking,” she said, striding up to her partner and taking her hand. “What’s this one’s name?”
Silence reigned between them for a long moment, broken only by Violet’s burst of laughter. “Whoever named her has a wicked sense of humor.”
“Cas,” Dean whispered, approaching the river gingerly as he broke through the tree-line. The waters shone in the moonlight, and Dean knelt down for a drink.
“I know,” Castiel said gently, taking Dean’s face in his hands. “This might be your first time with me, but I assure you we’ve made love many times before. In another life.” He seemed to grow melancholy for a moment, and Dean frowned. The momentary panic eased, and he moved with a new determination.
“Cas… I- I don’t know what to say,” Dean said, hating the way his voice broke. The ocean within him was roiling, and tears threatened at the corners of his eyes.
“There are worse things in life,” Castiel noted, smiling as he made his way towards Dean. “What’s his name?”
“Oh,” Dean said.
“It’s alright,” Sam decided, shrugging. “I don’t remember anything before the Great Awakening.” He clapped Dean on the shoulder. “I guess that makes us even.”
Dean bowed his head. “I’m saying it anyway. I’m saying I love you. I don’t care if it’s too late. I love you; I love you. I always have, and now…”
Holding up a hand to silence him, Michael said, “Sam and Dean were unstoppable. Not even God could help those who tried to stand in their way,” he hissed. “And now you’ve unleashed their memories. Anything could happen.”
Castiel’s jaw worked and he looked unblinkingly towards the place where the colors of the sunrise were beginning to slip from their place in the sky. “Don’t you understand? No one knows what that means. Besides,” he said, rising and leaving Dean at the mercy of the chilly morning wind once more. “Flowers fade.”
The drawer, as he suspected, had a false bottom. Underneath it was a flurry of letters, each dated and sealed.
“Why would you do this?” Castiel shouted, struggling to be heard above the howling wind and raging thunder.
The creature was in poor shape.
Dean smiled and sauntered over to his lover. “How about we test that out?”
“The Great Awakening…” For a long moment, Castiel didn’t speak.
Dean flushed, which only served to confirm Mary’s suspicions.
“Go ahead,” Dean whispered. “Come for me, Cas.”
Castiel blinked back. “I was under the impression that the word ‘spill’ is used in these situations to indicate my willingness to listen, but I could be mistaken.”
Sam broke eye contact, blushing. “Yes. Is it someone I know? Someone from this forest? Is it a fire spirit?”
A hint of a smile appeared on Castiel’s face. “His name is Gabriel.”
The archangel noticed then that Dean’s eyes were rimmed with red, and he looked at Sam. “I’m sorry,” he said to them, hanging his head. He made to take the tunic from Dean’s outstretched hands, but the other refused to relinquish it.
“Yes,” Castiel whispered. “It seems that we are.”
Gabriel’s voice was pained when he spoke next. “I’m not sure you do,” he said sadly. “You’ve lived twenty years in this forest, and-”
Castiel never got a chance to know whether or not the door that led unto Heaven would open for him, as the gate that protected the entryway didn’t yield.
“Cas?” He called as he began to make his way up the bank.
He’d been riding back home from the Bunker, where he and Sam had shared dinner and a beer, as was their new Friday-night custom, when his headlights had illuminated a bit of roadkill that looked rather fresh. In the fading light of dusk, he could just barely make out movement.
“He’s dangerous,” Sam said, grabbing Dean by the wrist, startling him into dropping a clay vase. It was one from the Before Times, and he cursed colorfully. The art of making them was lost, and though it was largely just for decoration, it was still a priceless object of art and beauty that Dean was sorry to see shattered.
He made his way to Castiel’s room, reeling past a hollow-looking Sam and Jack, who was still recovering from his exertions.
They both thought for a moment.
“Yes,” Castiel said, seeing no point in lying. “But the odds are in my favor.”
(For the record, that had been Jack, who had, after some contemplation, decided to meddle in the story just one last time.)
“I don’t know; he went out. I’m sure he’s fine. He knows these woods better than I do. And I don’t control the weather, Cas,” Dean sighed.
Let me know what you think~
Elsewhere, Dean had been lost in his thoughts. Most of what he’d needed to do had been accomplished that morning, shortly after Sam had roused him at first light. Waking up before dawn was one of those skills that were acquired through a lifetime of practice, and Dean had thankfully been able to master it in both of his lives.
“Well, I’m not sure quite how I compare in terms of horses, but she is a very old soul, as am I, and I suppose, well, she has a tan coat. And so do I.” He chuckled. “Why do you ask?”
First, he summoned the rabbits and fed them the last of the little pieces of dried carrot they’d saved from the last harvest. Next, he put an offering by the altar for the Gods, then he tided a bit, making the cots back up, and rolling the skins they slept under into neat pile.
“Apparently not,” Dean said. “But there must be thousands of flowers.”
“What’s your name?” Dean hazarded to ask.
Dean had hummed to himself. “And what, exactly, do I do, again?”
Dean let out a breath of air he hadn’t been aware he was holding.
“I do remember you,” Sam ventured. “Your wings… They were golden. And you liked sweets. And…” He shook his head, as if trying to dislodge the cobwebs that had settled in his memory. “And I remember that we flew together. You took me up to the roof and led me to the edge and… You asked me if I trusted you, and I said…”
It was inevitable, then, that the day would come when they had visitors. Castiel had decorated the house with fresh flowers – planted individually in wide-mouthed vases. He’d balked at the thought of killing a flower for its beauty, and he’d decided that he would single-handedly change humankind’s propensity for cut flowers. He’d given vases of planted flowers to their neighbors, and so far, it seemed like the idea was catching on.
“You know, I don’t know if I ever said ‘thank you.’”
Dean grinned. “Everything.”
“Dean,” Castiel repeated. “I need to tell you something. No-” Castiel held up his hand. “I need to tell you everything.”
In the distance, Sam could hear someone calling his name, but Gabriel just clung to him tighter, and Sam still couldn’t find the words to protest. Eyes wide, he nodded.
“Home,” Castiel said simply, sinking into the water’s cool embrace.
“I’m going to move lower,” Dean said, and Castiel was distantly gratified that his lover sounded almost as wrecked as he felt.
“Hello?” He called out, feeling that reckless hope fizzle and die on its ricocheting path about in his rib-cage when the door swung open to reveal his mother. “Mom,” he breathed.
“You know,” Castiel’s voice rose over the sound of the television. For a moment, Dean feared he would be watching porn again, but it was just a couple of cartoon characters chasing each other endlessly around the screen. “I could just heal you,” he offered as he watched Dean down the pills.
“Well, Mr. Winchester. The horse is all yours.”
“Dean,” Castiel said, “the roof can wait. We need to find Sam. I think he’s in terrible danger.”
Dean’s eyes fluttered open when they pulled away. His desire and his fear both made him reckless, and he pulled Castiel on top of him. “I want you,” he said, voice husky.
“I’m alright, Dean,” He assured the other. Only then did Dean lower himself down on the bed, wrapping himself around Castiel as though he wanted never to let go, to sweep him up in a fiery embrace and protect him from all the monsters and demons the world had to offer.
angel, was I?” Dean took a step forward, firmly planting himself in the river.
“Stop it,” Dean grouched, but he smiled anyway.
bed they’re hogging. The bed we share. The one I will spend the rest of my life proving to you that you are loved upon, if need be.”
Castiel seemed to take this as a challenge and shifted on Dean’s lap, the delicious little bit of friction it offered forcing a quick, pleasured gasp from Dean’s lips. Eyes taking on a determined glint, Dean reached between them and palmed Castiel’s growing desire through the material of his tunic for a moment before lifting the offending garment, tugging the other’s loincloth away, and wrapping his hand firmly around the length of Castiel’s hardness.
“I was not
Castiel let out a helpless squeak of his own upon seeing them, then narrowed his eyes at Dean. “I thought he had a deal,” he said, crossing his arms only half in jest.
“Awww,” Becca and Violet said in union.
“You don’t think I’ve suffered as a dryad?” Sam challenged, using his height to his advantage as he pressed closer to Gabriel.
“It was Ca-” and here Castiel began to say his original idea for the name, but stopped himself after a beat. “It doesn’t matter. It should have your name. You were the one who took in Duke. And you named all of our kittens.”
“Oh? Which cat, if you don’t mind my asking? I saw them on your site and I was actually trying to convince Becca on the drive here to let me adopt one.”
“There aren’t any no-kill shelters in the area. I just thought you’d like to, I don’t know, save an innocent life?” And then Charlie began to pout, and the dog on her lap perked up and damn if it wasn’t the cutest little thing he’d seen in quite some while.
My Dearest Dean,
The water burbled in response, and Dean grinned. “I was wondering… I mean,” Dean paused, his mother’s voice echoing in his mind.
Dean tried to speak, he did, but nothing came out, so he nodded fiercely instead, reaching for Castiel as he did so. “Yes,” he finally managed to whisper. “Always. Yes,” he said, stronger this time.
“Cas!” Dean called, shoulders sinking. Then, “Sam!” He ran towards the trees, calling his brother’s name at the top of his lungs. “Sam!”
And so the day went, from feeding the animals of the forest to preparing the day’s evening meal and tidying up their humble abode.
“Yes,” Michael agreed. “But I like to think that I could do better. If you’d let me try.”
With one last look at the door through the golden gate, he pressed a kiss onto his palm and pressed his hand onto the center of the gate, where a key would go, and turned around. He doubted he’d come here again anytime soon – not for another lifetime, at least.
“I wasn’t always a water nymph. I used to be an angel. And you… You were something else, too, in another life.”
“What?” Michael asked. “All you wanted was for your precious Sam to remember you? You wanted him back at your side and in your bed?” Michael’s jaw worked, and his eyes were steely. “I can’t say I don’t understand. But that kind of thinking is what killed Adam Milligan. I have told you time and again, don’t make my mistakes. And now you’ve gone and made them – with someone else’s beloved, no less. For all we know, Dean could be on his death bed down in that valley.”
“Yes?’ Dean prompted.
At last, Dean readied himself at Castiel’s entrance, hovering there for a moment just to tease his lover. Then, in one smooth, steady motion, he sheathed himself.
“Already?” Gabriel asked. “That wasn’t the plan…”
Castiel began to pout. He was fully aware that Dean could rarely resist his pouty face, either in bed or elsewhere, but Dean remained unmoved.
“Cassie?”
(See the end of the chapter for
A distant part of him wanted to scream, but there was a larger part of him that was awakening, as if a great number of doors had been thrown open all at once in the library of his mind.
Day wore into night, and the horse slowed and stopped.
“Because you remember,” Castiel answered quickly. “You must remember. Please… Remember.”
“No,” Gabriel insisted. “I’ve told you time and time again. They cannot remember.” He pulled Castiel closer to the river. “You’ve seen what happens when they remember. Do you really want that to happen to Sam? To Dean? ” he whispered.
“I’m going to place my hands on your chest,” Dean said, and Castiel tensed in anticipation. He wasn’t waiting long, but still startled a bit when Dean’s hands fell upon his chest, fingers ghosting against his nipples. “And in a minute, I’m going to kiss you. Because I can. And because you look so fucking kissable right now,” he said.
“You’re sure?”
Feigning surprise, Dean said, “You’re a married man? I wouldn’t have known from the way you
Michael’s eyes narrowed into slits. “Don’t you think I had the same hopes? The same dreams? Whatever went wrong with Adam can and will go wrong with other dryads.” He turned around, trembling, as he tried to regain what little composure he had left. “I didn’t want to have to do this,” Michael said, solemnly. “But I am ordering you not to make any of the other forest spirits remember.”
Castiel nodded, not trusting himself to speak at the prospect of being sheathed in Dean’s wet heat.
Dean looked at Castiel, the last vestiges of the pleasurable haze that had descended over him fleeing like the fog after dawn. “We should go check on Sam,” he said.
Castiel’s head tilted. “You still don’t remember.” Dean could hear a hint of remorse in his voice, and it grated on his nerves.
Dean spread his hands, shrugging to indicate his confusion.
While Castiel could be blamed for both the second and the third dog, the fourth couldn’t truly be said to have been his fault.
Soon, all the dogs were pacing, and Castiel sighed, went to the door, and watched in complete and utter horror as all six dogs went rushing out as one.
“But…”
Dean clapped Sam on the shoulder. “Calm yourself. Deep breaths.” Just because love was Sam’s favorite emotion didn’t mean his brother had to hyperventilate over it. He took his own advice, gulping in a deep lungful of air.
One-word spoiler for the next chapter: POSSUMS!
Somehow, those words soothed the memories flaring within him, and Castiel melted back into Dean’s touch.
But the other did not turn around, nor did he slow or stop or give any indication whatsoever that he had heard. Sam was about to protest further when their mother appeared at the edge of the clearing.
“He’s going to be alright, isn’t he?” Dean asked Gabriel. “Sammy is going to live.”
Slowly, Gabriel lowered them to the good and giving ground, the land that had sustained the last fragments of humankind. He held Michael as he wept, rubbing a soothing hand along the other’s back.
Dean had rolled his eyes at that. Like many of the younger generation of dryads, he took stories of ‘the Great Awakening’ with a grain of salt. It was true that there hadn’t always been dryads in these wilds, that much was certain. If there had always been, the ancient trees wouldn’t be troubled by the kind of blight they were, and their trunks wouldn’t be so sooty. There must have been some great fire, it was presumed, that had killed the previous generations of their kind. But that didn’t explain why there was no evidence of their existence whatsoever – no hordes of acorns hidden away in trees too high up for the squirrels to reach, no burnt patches indicative of the ruins of woven shelters, no meticulously kept patch of wildflowers where one or another of their kind had tried to woo their beloved. If there had been others, before the so-called Great Awakening, they’d left no trace of their existence.
“Sleep,” Dean suggested.
“I want them to have a choice,” Castiel said, falling to his knees. “Isn’t that what we were fighting for?”
Sam came rushing out of the trees, looking like he was caught somewhere in that liminal space halfway between a child and a man. “Dean?” he asked.
Castiel raised an eyebrow. “That doesn’t sound like a question to me,” he teased. “And besides, if I’m going to tell you everything… Sam should be here also.”
A memory of that night hovered at the edges of his visions, and for a moment he could swear he could smell smoke, feel the flames licking at him as he ran through the burning forest, limbs afire, calling Sam’s name…
He stood his hands coming up to wipe his tears from his face, but one last wild hope of a dream of a wish stuttered to life inside him.
“Go to the river, Sammy,” Dean said, eyes filling with tears. “You’ll remember both of your lives. You’ll be…” he looked at Gabriel meaningfully. “
“Michael, what if this wasn’t a mistake? What if this is the beginning of something that our brethren have been dreaming of for decades?”
“I know. But Ace told me that he was happy with where he was going, and he promised me he’d take good care of his new baby brother and he also said to me that he’d never forget either of us, for our kindness, and for our strength.”
“Yes, Gabriel?” Cas grated out.
Dean pursed his lips. “Last time that happened, you singed off my eyebrows. Besides, your Grace is running too low to be wasting it on something that can be fixed with an Aspirin.” He tossed the empty pill packet at Castiel, who picked it up with a noncommittal sound.
It was evident that many years had passed, and Dean was overtaken by a sudden sense of remorse. He felt like he’d been caught sleeping at the gates, like he’d dozed through the better part of two hundred years, like he’d been living a dream and had just now awakened into a nightmare.
Dean gathered Castiel in his arms, drawing the blanket over them and snuggling into his lover. “Didn’t you?”
“Yeah, but she doesn’t know anything about…” Sam gestured between them. “This,” he settled on. “Your memory. The past.” Sam looked both ways before leaning in. “I’ve been thinking, and… I don’t even know why she’s here.”
Dean had gone towards places neither of them could follow. He’d slammed Castiel against the nearest tree and demanded to know how to get out of the forest.
“It goes away in four hours. We... Just have to wait.”
“Will he?” Sam asked, skeptical.
“Dean,” Castiel groaned. “Oh-” he said, moaning as his hips rose and fell to the rhythm Dean had set. “I need-”
,” Castiel spat. “I was resting my eyes.”
Dean stood. “Bullshit.”
When they slowed to a halt, the two mares breathing fast under them, they were laughing and breathless.
Kneeling before Ace, Dean put his hand to the bars and laughed when Ace shot up and placed his paw against his hand.
Sam didn’t give Gabriel a chance to get a word in edgewise before he flung himself at the archangel, who just barely withstood the sudden assault.
“I’m texting you the address now,” Sam said, managing to avoid being assaulted by their final pillow on his way out.
Castiel hesitated. “Cherry Pie.”
My love, I am aware I will never know how your lips taste; I know I have done too much to be forgiven in your eyes; I know that you will never love me as I love you.
(See the end of the chapter for
After stumbling about half-awake for a few moments, Dean managed to dress himself in his most comfortable jeans and a plaid shirt – bright red a stark contrast against the dark blue of his jeans and undershirt, and the paleness of his skin, which the summer sun had yet to deepen into a tanner, more golden color.
“Hey there,” Dean greeted him.
Gently, he freed the envelope from the dog’s collar and rewarded Mr. Fitz for a job well done with a brief belly rub before opening the envelope, which contained coordinates not far from where he was, along with a crisp folded photograph dated to several months prior.
“Is that what you’re truly scared of?” Sam asked, stance softening as he approached Gabriel and offered a hand to help him up.
“I should get home.”
So I have this vision in my mind of Castiel taking progress photos of the house and barn he renovated and giving them to Dean in an album as an anniversary present. (Shh, don't tell Dean.)
The storm was now upon them. The wind had grown to a gale, and the lightning struck just moments before the thunder.
Dean gave him a half-smile, which brightened a bit when Castiel reached a hand out to him.
“That could mean anything,” Michael said, suddenly looking distracted. “Or nothing at all,” he added, almost as an afterthought.
Lightning forked somewhere far away, and Dean counted the seconds. He got to sixteen before a clap of thunder sounded, low and lowling, rumbling across the land as the breeze grew stronger and more sustained.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “What was his name?”
That night, the dreams came on strong.
“Yes?”
Sam held up seven fingers. “Incalculable, you say?”
He set it aside.
“Has anyone ever told you,” Dean parried, “that your eyes are as blue as the sky, and bluer still?”
“The new settlements are all doing well. Another child is being born today – the child of two nephilim from the first generation born in the forest. Oh, and Michael is thinking of sending a few of us to scout some land further inland.” He summoned two horses with a long, echoing whistle. “All is well,” he said as they greeted their steeds with bits of carrot.
Dean shook his head, blinking a few times and then reaching up to rub the sleep from his eyes. “Me and you and Sam were talking with Gabriel.” He blinked again. Castiel took this as a good sign, and nodded for Dean to continue. “We were in the warehouse,” he continued. “Tell me… How did we end up in this forest? And for that matter, where’s Baby?” He stood, and immediately regretted it, swaying on his feet and reaching an arm out towards Cas to steady himself.
“No,” Castiel insisted. “We stand and fight. Together. Like it’s always been.” Castiel’s eyes shone as they searched Gabriel’s.
As Dean rolled up in the Impala, he cursed his phone’s GPS.
I should have said it sooner.
“Yes, Dean?” Castiel asked, so earnest it sent a pang through Dean’s chest.
“That alone should be enough to draw him back. He might have forgotten, but as far as I can tell, he’s still a dryad.” Castiel cast his gaze to the east, where the sun was still rising above the horizon to greet the new day, and tried not to succumb to the weight of his regrets. Dean the dryad had been falling in love with him, and he’d squandered not only that love, but also the love they’d shared in another time, in another place; in another life. He wished to take flight, to somehow find a way to cross the distance between the here and now and the then and there. Cursing his battered wings and broken halo, he rose and began to walk into the river.
“Dean,” Castiel spoke, voice little more than a whisper. “As much as I love you, this is my choice to make.”
“I’m here, Michael,” Gabriel whispered. “I’m here, now.”
“Goodbye, Gabriel,” Castiel said.
“I know,” Castiel answered him. “But I promise you, Duke and Mr. Fitz aren’t going anywhere, and we still have Mirabel for the moment, and Bear too.” He whistled, and said dogs came running.
“Cas,” Dean gasped, pulling away to breathe. “Slow down. Let’s make this last.”
“Yes, but your element is still water. Not stone. You can’t just go around calling yourself a mountain spirit whenever it suits you.”
“I think I speak for all of us when I say you’re forgiven,” Gabriel said, disentangling himself from Sam’s embrace and kneeling before Castiel, pressing their foreheads together and placing both of his hands on Castiel’s shoulders.
Before long, Violet, Becca, Ace, and Cherry Pie were saying their last goodbyes, walking out the door, and driving away.
Dean followed the river south, the way Castiel had told him to go, keeping close to the water’s edge.
“Stay with me a moment longer,” Castiel begged. It began to rain harder still. “I don’t want this moment to end,” he whispered, squeezing his eyes shut and forcing himself to rise despite every inch of him protesting that he wanted to stay in the warmth of Dean’s arms just a minute more.
“And this is it? the end?”
,’ and I’m asking you the same question, now. Don’t you think you deserve more than this? More than bleeding your Grace dry on the off-chance this might work? Don’t you think you are owed that much at least?”
In the end, it was Mr. Fitz who interrupted him by ambling into the room, a small envelope attached to his collar in such a way that Dean couldn’t quite tell if it had been intentional or if Mr. Fitz had just gotten himself into some sort of stray paperwork.
everything’s perfect.”
But all I have are these words, and I hope they reach you, somehow.
“Thanks Cas,” he prayed, not sure why his eyes lingered on the river as he spoke.
But Sam, afloat in the war-torn waters of his fevered dreams, was listening from afar, and it sounded an awful lot like “Hope.”
The other took a sizable bite of fruit. “Mmmm,” he said. “Mmhmmm-mhhhhhhm,” he added, words muffled by his mouthful.
“Of course, I am! You’re the light I live by. You’re the best man I’ve ever had the privilege of knowing.” He gave Dean a lop-sided smile. “And, of course, I need a last name, now.”
Dean woke up to find Castiel gone the next morning, his side of the bed ice cold. A bolt of fear shot through him, and there was no one to remind him to breathe, so he just paced around their room for an interminable amount of time on the verge of hyperventilating.
“I heard my baby bro was sulking and I came as soon as I could.”
“Do you even need to ask?” Castiel huffed, some of his anger dissipating. A smile tugged at the corners of his mouth.
And so the night went. The moon rose, the crickets began to chirp from their perches low in the grass, the stirring sounds of the waking world preparing for sleep served as a lullaby as Dean told Sam everything he knew, all at once in a rush of words and sentiments. Sam made him tell it again, slower this time, and Dean did.
Gabriel turned to Samandriel. “Take her away. If this thing goes wrong…” He let his voice trail off, hoping the other angel would catch his meaning. “This is my fight,” he said, jaw working as he turned to each of his little brothers and sisters in turn. “Go. All of you. Go to your beloveds.”
That was part of the problem – Sam wasn’t here to nag him. He was on what was supposed to be a ‘solo’ hunt (until, of course, Castiel had turned up at a convenient time to save his ass from the vamp that had been about the get the jump on him) and was now alone with Cas in his hotel room, looking down at a little packet of aspirins that promised they’d have him “Feelin' Alright.”
Sighing, Castiel motioned to the drier land up past the river bank. “You can sleep anywhere above the flood line. The animals of the forest won’t harm you, and the others won’t come until dawn.”
“Dean,” Sam said, cautiously. “Castiel is an ancient being. All the dryads of the forest know that. I’ve met him, once or twice. I told you he was dangerous, but I don’t think he’d lie. Tell me… Tell me what he said to you.”
With much eagerness and fanfare, Dean opened his sack and produced the glowing fruit, which sparkled as the moonlight struck it.
“Ah,” Gabriel said, rocking back on his heels. “I see.”
“You should go at first light. The dryads all fear you. I’ve heard them talking.” He paused, measured the weight of his words and finally ground out a terse, “Goodnight.”
“Since everything went to hell,” Gabriel finished for him. He shook his head sadly. “The world as we knew it is but a fading memory. I know that as well as you do. That’s the only reason I told you to guard your heart against the dryad. You need someone who remembers the world as it was, who understands the things we left behind.”
“And Sam?” Dean asked.
“I can smell you,” Castiel said, very quietly. “I know you want me.”
“This is bigger than any of us, Dean-o,” Gabriel sighed, and Dean was quite sure that if Castiel hadn’t been holding his hands, he’d have tried to strangle the archangel right then and there. “Don’t you think other angels would want nothing more than to be reunited with their loved ones? To come down from the mountain, to stop sifting endlessly through the wreckage of Heaven and just live and love and enjoy the feeling of being alive, as they’ve always dreamt of doing? Do you think it brings me any joy to see my brothers and sisters toil endlessly, sorting through one ruined hall after another and barely finding enough to sustain this fragile peace we’ve brokered, here in this forest?”
Castiel had taken to sleeping, at first for Dean’s sake, and then because he found he actually enjoyed a few hours spent encased in the luxury of flannel sheets and warm blankets and tangled limbs and sleeping dogs.
That was the last either of them spoke for a while, so consumed were they by one another’s lips. Castiel’s roving hands wandered up and down the length of Dean’s spine, and Dean’s hands held onto the juts of Castiel’s hips. It briefly occurred to him to wonder how the other had arrived clothed, but then Castiel did something clever with his tongue and Dean lost the resolve to ask.
“What do you remember?” Sam asked, releasing Dean and holding him at arm’s length.
Dean whistled, half in disbelief. “Well then,” he said. “Wait… I bet there’s a lot of trees in this forest, but there sure as hell aren’t seven billion. How… How did you choose?”
“Tell the other dryads to go to the river,” Dean said as soon as he entered the little dwelling which suddenly seemed far too small with the three of them crammed inside. He was on the verge of losing the quick-fraying thread of his self-control, and wanted nothing more than to be alone with his thoughts. “It’s done,” he said, meeting Gabriel’s eyes.
“Four hours,” Dean said.
Dean didn’t answer at first. Then, he leaned down and closed the distance between them, crushing his lips against Castiel’s, and he’d be lying if he said it didn’t feel so very right. The feel of Castiel’s slick lips against his own felt familiar. It felt like coming home.
“Castiel!” A voice was calling him from the surface. He rose from a fevered sleep and broke through the surface, only to find himself being hauled onto the shore by a furious Gabriel.
Silently, Sam followed Gabriel out of the dwelling.
“Cas,” he spoke, voice gentle and soft. “It’s okay, I’m not going to leave you.”
Pepper – named by Sam
Dean awoke what felt like every hour – though time had no meaning beyond the motions of the moon and the sun and the stars, now – from another fevered dream of a half-remembered life; the life that came after that day in the warehouse – the life that had come and gone.
“Will you help us or not?” Dean snapped.
(See the end of the chapter for
“’Always,’” Gabriel said, looking at Sam with a newfound sense of wonder. “How is that possible?”
“Who was I?” Dean asked, voice shaking.
“Dean,” came a voice that most certainly wasn’t Sam’s.
The world seemed far away and out of reach; time lost all meaning, and Dean Winchester remembered who he was and what he stood for.
“Look,” Dean said turning a smooth stone from the river that he’d found on his bedside table over and over in his hands, “when Sam wakes up-”
“Right,” he said, so far unconvinced as to the first horse.
The soft sound of the door sliding into place made Dean smile. “We’re finally alone,” he said, voice dropping into a rough whisper.
The door flew open immediately, and Castiel stood there, wearing one of Dean’s blue shirts, looking like a wild thing recently tamed.
“Huh,” said Sam. He drew into himself.
“It’s in bloom,” Sam breathed, reaching out to catch a falling flower petal.
Castiel smiled at the gesture. “Yes, they will. It’s the mud I’m worried about.”
“Yes,” Castiel agreed, voice rough with a strange mix of want and trepidation. He reached blindly for Dean, who met him halfway, hands wrapping around Castiel’s wrists and pinning them above his head.
“Hmm,” Castiel said, seeming to consider. “All the more reason to take this slow,” he purred, just above the dip of Dean’s collarbone.
“Yes. Except for one thing. You've got a little ketchup just there,” Dean said, grinning.
Lips quirking up in a half-smile, Castiel settled himself in Dean’s lap. “I don’t think you can possibly want me,” he said, “even half as badly as I want you.” With one smooth motion, he made Dean’s legs fall open and ground their hips together, drawing a ragged groan from Dean.
“Well, you’re the eldest, so you cook and clean and perform plant and animal magics.”
In which Dean ends up with a box full of orphaned baby possums, and Castiel is the only one thinking rationally about the ratio of square footage in their home to the number of possums that can reasonably fit in one place.
“I’ll heed your advice, brother,” Castiel said. “You have always proven yourself wise in the past.” His words said one thing, but the traitorous beat of his heart sung out something quite different.
“This Michael isn’t a force you want to reckon with. He’s been torn apart by grief. He has nothing left to lose, and he’s not going to stop at anything to get what he thinks is best.”
Gabriel whispered a word, but the wind whipped it away before it could reach either Dean or Castiel.
First light came and Gabriel rose with it.
Dean didn’t come back the next morning, or the morning after that.
“Don’t speak,” Gabriel said, voice a low and soothing murmur in his ear. He drew away. “I’m going to ask you a question, and if you want what I’m offering, you nod ‘yes.’ If you don’t, shake your head ‘no’ and I’ll leave this place and you won’t ever have to see me again.”
“You can name your favorite,” Dean offered, trying to sound more generous than he felt.
In which Dean and Castiel have accumulated a few too many animals, and decide they need a website.
“Dean?” He asked, voice little more than a whisper.
Castiel smiled slightly. “You shouldn’t talk with your mouth full,” he scolded gently.
Dean began to back away. “And you think I feel seen? You look at me, and all you see is the face of someone you used to love. Someone else. Someone I’m not sure I can replace. And I sure as well don’t want to spend the rest of my life living with his ghost.”
“Handsome,” Castiel said, and then he made a point of whistling.
“Dean,” Castiel whined, wiggling his hips in an attempt to get Dean to move inside him. It worked, because an instant later Dean was drawing almost all the way out and sliding back in, slowly at first, then faster.
“Yes, I’ve always wanted to live by the ocean,” Dean chimed in.
“Fine, bring him over.”
“I can explain,” Dean said, and then realized that he couldn’t, at least not without revealing the sudden turmoil in his chest, a sort of half-beat and skip in his heart.
Gabriel stepped out from behind a tree, and Sam squeaked and hid behind Dean, though his height made it rather ineffective.
“We?” Dean asked.
“Sammy,” Dean spoke. “He’s right. I don’t know what’s happened in this forest… But the world as it was… It was cold, and brutal, and we had the great misfortune to see the very worst it had to offer.”
“Alright, we get it,” Castiel said. “I was wrong. I’ll admit it. But Sam, you have no idea how much attention and food seven dogs require, and more importantly, how much they shed. And also, how they can all fit on the bed is beyond me.”
By the time Dean and Castiel rushed, breathless, into Gabriel’s path, it was evident from the limp form in the archangel’s arms that they were already too late.
“Wait,” Dean interrupted. “Back up a second there. Adam was here too?”
“Shh,” Dean whispered. “I’ve got you, angel.” And then he was gone, just for a moment, leaving the bed feeling cold and Castiel feeling hollow inside. The moment passed, though, and Dean returned, body warm against Castiel’s own. Only then did Castiel’s eyes fly open, and he groaned at the sight of Dean pouring oil out of a little jar. “I’ll go slow,” Dean promised, using his fingers to drizzle some of the oil between Castiel’s splayed legs, starting at his cock and working his way down until his fingers found the former angel’s hole, which fluttered at the warm, welcome touch.
“I promised you forever,” Dean replied, meeting the other’s eyes. “I called you angel and I told you…”
The moment the car was out of sight, Dean burst into tears and buried himself in his angel’s arms. “I miss them,” he admitted.
“Gabriel,” Sam began, but Gabriel leaned forward, silencing him with a kiss.
Gabriel took the fragile object and rotated it so that it shone in the fading light. It was a necklace from the Before Times, from the fading echo of the world as it had been. “Do you think he’d understand?”
Castiel gritted his teeth and tried to control the building need inside of him, but it felt like trying to tame a wild thing that desperately wanted to be free. “Dean, please,” he pleaded, nearly incoherent. “Please, I need-”
“You clearly don’t.”
Castiel threw his head back, a quiet moan breaching his lips every once in a while.
The sun was just a glimmer on the horizon when Dean was roused by an overly-eager, too-awake Castiel.
“Tell me you remember,” Castiel pleaded. “Tell me you know me. Tell me… You love me like you used to.”
“Not quite yet,” Gabriel sighed. “Remembering killed Adam. And if this is going to work-”
Castiel spun in place, and smiled at his brothers and sisters. A small band of angels, including Samandriel and Anna, stood in formation amongst the trees.
Sam shook his head sadly. “No.” A long silence stretched between them. It was an uncomfortable silence, punctuated only by soft birdsong, the rustling of leaves, and the rushing burble of the water. “But I met the angel who is the reason I’m here,” he offered. “He’s the one who made you remember.”
“I understand, Dean,” Castiel spoke. “I’ll be waiting when you’re ready to speak again.”
“You’ve taken an unacceptable risk,” the elder archangel said. He ran a hand over his face, and turned to Gabriel looking world-weary, his frown lines appearing to age his eternal vessel, the one he’d forged from the mountain, stone made flesh and bone, snow made into blood and sinew.
