Cas smiled at the man, whose name was Ketch. “Thank you, it’s beautiful.”
Cas stood up, facing Dean. “Dean, why were you so short with him? Were you… jealous?”
Dean pulled his fingers out, using his other hand to lube up his cock. Cas watched, but it was like dreaming. He still couldn’t believe it was really happening.
Castiel opened his eyes to look at Dean.
Dean nodded. “Thanks, man. I’ll do all those things.”
This chapter has another flashback nightmare. If that bothers you, just skip the part that is in italics.
Castiel opened his eyes and grinned. “You may.”
A guy could hope, though.
tell you that you've been a good boy
“Lift your ass.”
Dean looked at him.”Not tonight, Aaron, I shall sleep alone.”
They offered a pig to the Gods in the courtyard.
WARNING This is the chapter that warrants that 'graphic violence' tag. It has a graphic scene where Aaron is made into a blood eagle. I put up a line break where it starts so yoiu can skip it if you want to.
He was startled by the entrance of a younger man entering the room. He was naked, so Castiel turned away,
your takeaway? Yoga?”
He wished he could heal himself but his grace was fading. If he attempted to heal, it would no doubt burn off the rest of it. He knew his days were numbered, but he wanted to save them as long as he could. After that, he’d be human. He had no idea what would happen after that. He dreaded it. He hated the unknown.
“Oh god, Dean… oh fuck... “
Dean smiled. “I did.” He turned to Benny, who stood behind him. “Take him to my rooms, secure him. Then bring him food and ale.”
He'll get you some
You don't have no car?
Benny’s eyes got big. “Alive? What the hell?”
“And the land, Dean! The land is rich and fertile. Good crops grow there. We need to think long about going there, establishing settlements.”
Castiel looked away. “And that is why you are heathen and will burn in hell.”
Cas dropped the rag in the water and sat back on his heels.
“Cas? Come on, you need a shower.”
The angel never changed expression, even though Dean knew from hard experience that antiseptic burned like a bitch. He never answered.
The kiss was hard, demanding. Dean’s tongue made it’s way into Cas’ mouth, exploring.
and go across the tracks
Then he stood up, pulling Cas to his feet. Dean pulled Cas’ shirt off over his head, then went to work on his jeans. When he had them open, Dean yanked them down to Cas’ ankles along with his boxers, leaving Cas naked.
The priest was sitting at a table, food untouched. He looked up at Dean.
There were a few angels who were left behind, trapped forever on earth.
Dean already had two short blades made for him. Now, Dean felt he would be better using an axe than a sword. Dean talked to the blacksmith, making sure Cas had the best possible axe.
Cas hated how upset Dean got. He knew the truth of what Dean was saying, and he struggled to do better.
Dean looked at him thoughtfully. “What is this baptism?”
Dean led him to the jeep. “Get in.” The angel looked confused, but climbed in. Benny got in, Dean walked around and got behind the wheel. Jesse walked to the jeep he’d driven here.
sweatpants, but Dean decided it was because they made him sweat. He was suffering from a serious case of swamp ass and was wildly uncomfortable. His T-shirt clung to him in big, wet splotches.
He left, slamming the door behind him. He drove back to the motel, then threw himself on the bed.
At dinner that night, a man reported to Dean that Alistair was assembling his men for an attack. Dean sighed. “We must make ready then.”
Castiel didn’t try to hide his disgust. “You lay with men?”
Cas nodded frantically. He wanted this so much.
“Can I offer some advice? If you intend to come back, that is.”
Cas touched his cock, lifting it. Dean sucked in a breath, but Cas didn’t seem to notice. Cas pulled back the foreskin and washed the cock gently. Dean closed his eyes as his cock began to fill with the touch.
Cas melted into it. It was so different than kissing April was. Dean had scruff that rubbed his cheek, plush lips that pressed solidly against his… Dean was in complete control of him. It was magical.
Dean realized Castiel was speaking to him.  He looked into the ocean that was Castiel’s eyes. He said, “Uh… Dean?” in a decidedly squeaky voice.
Was he even pining? It seemed a bit quick to classify it as pining. He thought Cas was, well, drop dead gorgeous, and seemed really nice, and Dean figured he’d be really bendy because of all that yoga, but pining? That was a bit much.
“Ride me, sunshine. Make yourself release all over me.”
Everyone laughed and cheered. Castiel held Dean’s hand all the way to their bedroom. Castiel surprised Dean by sweeping him off his feet and carrying him into the room.
Dean sighed and did as Cas said. He laid down on his back, his cock still standing up.
It was a damn good thing he was sitting down when he looked up, or he just might have fallen.
Dean nodded. “It sounds a bad place. To us, Hel is a goddess, the daughter of Loki. She takes vikings who do not die in battle or in another way that gives glory. She drags them to Helheim, which is bad. To die in disgrace is our worst fear.”
You don't have no self-respect,
Cas came all over Dean. Some even made it to Dean’s chin. The sight of Cas shooting spend all over him made Dean come as well.
Dean got hard  again. He clenched down on Castiel’s cock as much as he could, Castiel began to lose his rhythm, thrusting wildly, and then he came. Dean gasped with the feeling.
Dean woke up. It was still dark out and he had no idea how long they’d slept or what the time was. Castiel was still asleep. He became aware of just how badly he needed to piss. He laid there considering what to do. He could probably get out of bed and piss without waking Castiel, but he knew it was the wrong thing to do.
Cas laughed. “Dean, I am sweaty and dirty!”
Dean pulled him into a tight hug, whispering in a husky voice that he wanted to fuck Cas.
He walked into the studio, smiled at the chick behind the counter and strode confidently to the beginner’s room. There was a new guy there, Dean nodded at him and found a place for his new mat. Cas wasn’t there yet.
Dean’s mouth went dry. He remembered he’d forgotten to bring a bottle of water as Sam suggested. He thought it was just for the workout dry mouth, Sam never told him it would be because
Dean’s mouth fell open.
Dean lifted, trying not to moan as the rag went between his ass cheeks and over his hole. Dean’s hard cock stuck up out of the water.
“What’s so fucking funny?”
He laid there, feeling utterly defeated. He was forced to admit, yoga had kicked his ass. He curled up into the child’s pose, trying not to think about just how aptly it applied to him at that moment.
Benny shook his head. “You’re the boss.”
He wanted this more than he ever knew he could. He wanted Dean in this way.
Cas did. Dean pushed in more, then all the way. His balls were laying on Cas’ ass. Cas wrapped his legs around Dean.
Cas looked at the bed in the corner. He shook his head. “I don’t need to lay down, but I will stay here.”
Well don't you worry buddy,
you're never coming back
Dean was eating when Kevin ran in.
Class went better than last time, at least Dean didn’t fall on his face. He thought about doing the downward dog wrong so Cas could ‘help’ him but decided against it. He took a break in the middle, drinking from his new water bottle and wiping his face with the towel he’d brought. Cas smiled at him and nodded a little.
So, you are going to get the rest of the story now. I hope you don't mind.
The next morning, Dean gave the order to assemble. Everyone grabbed their weapons and followed Dean into the forest.
Dean angrily wiped away the wetness from his cheek, nodding.
Dean got in his car and beat his hands against the steering wheel.
Cas spent hours every day, practicing throwing the axe as well as wielding it in battle practice. He was getting better at it.
The hall was filled with men, talking, drinking, eating… Dean sat at the front with Sam. Women brought them food and ale.
Cas worked the rag down Dean’s chest, then over his belly. Dean held his breath.
Dean stood up, his erection bouncing, and stepped out of the tub. Cas grabbed a soft towel and rubbed his back. He dried Dean’s ass, running the towel between the cheeks and making Dean jump a little. Then he walked around and began to dry Dean’ chest. Dean looked at him, wondering why Cas was doing this.
like a bird of doom
in the humming wires
“Nothing is wrong. I’m just looking at you, full  of my cock. It’s a beautiful sight.”
Dean hummed. “What kind of name is this… Castiel?”
“I’m really happy you aren’t quitting, Dean.”
This is probably going to be my last story until I post my SPN Canon Bang story on August 11. See you all then!
Sam frowned, but brought Dean a beer, thankfully not pointing out that beer wouldn’t hydrate him. Dean got on his laptop, pulling up Amazon.
They slept again.
Dean smiled. “Yeah, Cas, I’m going to fuck you senseless. I want to hear you. Everyone in camp will hear us. ”
Castiel sat back between Dean’s legs and got the oil. Dean lifted his legs, and Castiel oiled Dean’s hole as well as his cock. Then he grabbed Dean’s legs and pushed in.
Cas blushed but did as Dean asked. He lifted them until his knees were beside his head.
“Okay! Let’s get started. Please get into the child’s pose. For the new men, it looks like this.”
“Wait, Wha… how do
Cas stood by the bed and began to undress. Dean watched him, his heart in the throat. He dared not speak, lest he break the spell.
“Here, drink this. I’ll be back in a few.”
Dean breezed by him into the warmth.
Cas was so shocked, it took him a minute to say anything. He watched a single tear fall from Dean’s eye and roll down his cheek.
He walked to the bed, shaking Cas.
Mildred smiled warmly. “Oh honey, do you really think you are the first person I’ve asked out for coffee? Castiel and I have had coffee together many times.”
The angel loosened his tie, and unbuttoned his shirt, He let it slip off his shoulders.
“You’re taking
Dean smiled down at him, beginning to fuck harder, faster. Cas was moaning out Dean’s name, Dean was grunting, groaning with every thrust.
Dean stormed out of the room with Cas calling him back.
But I wasn't about to leave my wonderful readers hanging while I pack and move, so, Read and enjoy.
“I really like you too, Dean. But… you can’t stay.”
“Shh, sunshine, I’ll make this good for you.”
When blood gushed from Aaron’s mouth, he knew the man was dead. He watched Dean walk down off the platform, his eyes hard.
“Dean? It is Dean, isn’t it?”
Dean chuckled. “Okay! So, you’re on the outs with the other angels, huh Cas? Bet that’s an interesting story when you’re ready to tell it.”
When class ended, he stood up, thinking about talking to Cas, but Michael beat him to it. He hung around a little. Then an older lady who was in the class walked up to him and touched his arm.
As it shifts and cracks
Sam nodded. “He is. And very defiant. But I thought you’d like him. He is very smart, has a sharp tongue. You expressed interest in the Christains.”
Cas felt like he’d been stabbed in the chest. He dressed, grabbed the snacks and walked home.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “Look Cas, this ain’t a relationship. It’s just fucking. Just fun.” He turned and walked into the bathroom, shutting the door.
Saturday rolled around, Dean dressed in his new yoga pants and a tight tank top. He turned around to look at his ass in the mirror, thinking about how they really hugged him in all the right places.
He heard Castiel say it was the end of class, and to take the savasana pose, or, he chucked, “The corpse pose.” Dean didn’t have to see him to know that chuckle was directed at him, and that he deserved it.
Dean leaned back, making Castiel go even deeper. His cock was slapping against Castiel’s balls and they both came suddenly. Dean shooting cum all over Castiel’s legs, Castiel filling Dean again. When Dean pulled off, cum ran out of him onto Castiel’s belly.
They're whispering his name
It was Dean’s turn to be shocked.
Except he kinda did. If he was ever going to get off the street and still take care of Sammy, he needed Cas’ money. If he ever wanted to not have to sleep in his car, he needed Cas. Cas gave him a safe place to live, regular meals and the money to support his brother. In spite of the sting of rejection, he’d have to go back.
He found a spot and unrolled the mat. Everyone else was sitting in the lotus position, but Dean’s knees wouldn’t let him get into that position, so he simply sat on his mat, legs extended.
“Where is it?”
An agreement is reached.
Cas laughed. “Dean, that is the definition of jealous.”
He was adamant that he wouldn’t make a sound, and so far he had succeeded.
Take a little walk to the edge of town
Dean leaned over to kiss Cas on the back.
In the morning, Raphael came to help him dress. He wore a white toga that went to his ankles. He looked at his betrothal ring and smiled. Soon he would be bound to Castiel forever.
Then he got on the bed to lay on his back.
Dean nodded. “Yes, alive. He’s got it cornered him in a building he was searching for medical supplies. You with me?”
Dean smiled as he used his hand to pull the foreskin back and took the head into his mouth.
He stayed high for the next three days, living on snacks, never leaving his cabin.
The deep, gruff voice sent shivers down Dean. He stood, taking in the angel’s appearance. Something shifted inside him. He felt something he hadn’t felt in a long time, so long he hardly recognized it. Pity.
Cas turned on his side, looking at him. He was flushed, sweaty, beautiful.
“And you have just the one God?”
I know you don’t want me, I get that. I know I’m just a street whore that you took pity on, but that doesn’t mean I can’t help you get through this. Just let me help, and then I’ll go.”
Cas washed his balls, then ran the rag back under them. Cas never looked at him.
Sam laughed. “Pretty sure you’ll live. The question is, are you going back?”
Dean’s heart did a flip. But there was business to conduct. “I have to piss. Badly.”
“Jesus, Cas, have you eaten since I left?”
“Brotha, do you even
“Why didn’t you kill me, Dean?”
He just wanted to look nice, okay? He wasn’t trying to impress anyone, least of all the yoga instructor. After all, he didn’t even know if Castiel was gay or not.
He banged on the door. Benny yelled, “Okay! I’m comin’, hold your water.”
“Relax, baby, take a deep breath.”
Dean drug himself into the apartment and sank into a chair with a loud sigh. Sam walked in and stood grinning at him.
The angel sat, still looking wary. Dean started to unbutton the angel’s shirt and the angel grabbed his hand.
Cas still hadn’t regained the power of speech, so he laid there, watching every article of clothing come off Dean, revealing more and more skin.
Dean told her about the business he was trying to get off the ground, about how much he loved working on cars and especially classic cars.
Dean pushed his middle finger into Cas. Cas gasped. It felt odd, not unpleasant but very weird. Dean moved his finger back and forth.
What’s up, brotha?”
“You need to bring water. Staying hydrated will help a lot. Second, you need to dress differently. Try shorts next time, or buy some cotton yoga pants. You’re lucky you didn’t have a heat stroke wearing that. And I would suggest a better mat. More padding.”
“Dean? Is something wrong?”
Castiel chuckled, and laid on his back. His cock was hard. “Ride me, beautiful boy.”
Dean crawled over Cas, never breaking the kiss. His heart was pounding… he knew he needed to make this good for Cas. It was like Cas was a virgin again, like a skittish colt. He needed to be handled carefully.
He got into the child’s pose, sticking his ass just a little higher than necessary, and waited for Cas to make his appearance. He didn’t have to wait long.
Dean jumped when a pair of firm hands touched his hips. He would deny the squeak to his dying day.
“Hello Dean, I’m Mildred. Would you like to have a coffee with me?”
“Ready, baby?”
The art of Cas as a viking is on chapter 10.
Dean came close to spilling his coffee.
yourself?
Dean grabbed each globe of Cas’ ass in his hands, spreading them apart.
The man looked surprised. “You speak english?”
Dean looked at Castiel. “You know, I’m not sure. You just looked like you’d been through enough. Hell, I don’t know.”
She stood up, grabbed her mat and left. Dean was left staring at the empty chair.
Cas shook his head. “No, Dean, I remember nothing. But I want to. I want to remember what we were to each other. I need to make new memories, and I need to know what this,” He pointed at the oil, “Feels like.”
After a minute, he added another finger. That really got Cas’ attention.
'cause here he comes
“Castiel? Cas?”
Dean sighed. “Yeah, I’m going back. Now, get me a beer. I need to hydrate.”
Benny raised one eyebrow. “That don’t sound so good. Talk to papa.”
“Jesus, Benny, everything I said and
When Cas was naked, he walked to the chest, opened it and took out the jar of oil. He walked back to the bed, dropping the jar next to Dean.
Cas asked about the new guy, who said his name was Michael. The man was really attractive. Dean kinda hated him.
Dean climbed over Castiel and grabbed his cock to steady it. He sank down on it with a groan.
“This is the best position to rest in. If you get fatigued or can’t do a pose, just do the child’s pose and take a break.”
Dean woke up to something wet and warm on his cock. He lifted his head and looked down to see Castiel sucking on him. He gasped out that it felt so good.
"I... I think it was three weeks ago? Before the strange storms in Kansas," Lisa said, her eyes turning a little colder. "He said something was going to happen, but that me and Ben... we shouldn't worry. He said he was going to make arrangements for us to be safe and... some other things."
"I'm sure it's not normal. I could buy him not remembering anyone and creating a new life," Bobby said. "But that doesn't explain why he's  suddenly fluent in ASL."
"Well, unless you want your brother to render us all deaf if this angelic crap doesn't fade away, it's about time you learn some ASL fast."
"Sam," he said, turning visible so that both humans would know he was there. "How did you escaped the Cage?"
“We just beat God,” Dean ignored Chuck, and Sam thanked, well, Jack, for small favors. His brother just went right to the former nephelim and held his face on his hands. “We did that, together. You, Sam and I, because Cas gave us a chance. So… Give us a chance kid. Let’s go back to the bunker, you can tell us all you know about this Empty, and then we make a plan. Like we always do.”
"What? We might as well tell him," Bobby said, and there was something else. A silent conversation between them. Dean couldn't guess what they were saying with their eyes, but he knew they were having an argument. He was well versed in silent conversations after all. "We can't let him go on blissfully ignorant, and you know it."
Until Dean signed that if they were going to get on the road, he was not going to leave "Baby" behind.
However, that train of thought was interrupted when Dean violently doubled over himself in pain, touching his head.  Castiel moved forward,  but 'Alfie' was faster, touching Dean's forehead in a gesture   Sam knew all too well.  In the instant his fingers touched Dean's forehead, Dean's seixure stopped and Dean closed his eyes,  falling into the Samandiriel's arms, who, to Sam's distaste, seemed actually protective of Dean.
Sam turned around to see the new comer, imagining maybe a slightly older version of their original waiter. However, all logical thinking left his brain as soon as he saw the man standing at the door.
It took Cas a lot of persuasion to keep Dean to go to the nearest crossroad to kick the resurrected King of the Crossroad’s ass.
"Balthazar," Castiel fought his instinct to pull out his blade. Balthazar hadn't attacked him so far, so he hoped their meeting wouldn't end in violence. "I  grieved your death, brother."
Castiel laughed. “Of course. That’s what you are. My husband. My precious husband.”
Cas wanted him to be. Just someone to scent when he was having a nightmare, a chauffeur and nothing else. He’d take Cas’ money, sleep on his couch, and get his kicks elsewhere.
Castiel nodded. “It can be, but being blessed by God’s love is to be loved beyond all.”
Dean chuckled. “Think that feels good? You ain’t felt nothing yet.”
They would arrive in two days, plenty of time before the next class. He shut the laptop with a smile. He’d show Castiel that he was committed. It was a matter of pride now. No one could ever say Dean Winchester was a quitter.
Dean laughed. “A present? What it it?”
Dean looked at him with amusement. “Yes, I prefer men. Is that a problem?”
. Balthazar took Dean’s hand.
Dean came. Castiel just kept going as usual. He fucked Dean as hard as he could, grunting Dean’s name with each thrust.
He shook his head. “Ain’t gonna kill you. Come on, let’s go, get you patched up.” He held out his hand to help the angel to his feet. The angel stared at it warily.
kind of dry mouth.
Dean got over him, kissing him hard. Cas grabbed Dean and pulled him lower, grinding their groins together. Dean pulled away to grab the oil jar, lubing up his cock.
“A priest? He is Christian?”
He'll wrap you in his arms,
Castiel knew he didn’t have an answer.
He knew Dean was expecting him to yell, to say they were all monsters, but he didn’t feel that way at all. Instead he bathed Dean, dried him, and went to him. He was resolved to this path. He needed to make new memories, to know why he had loved Dean in the first place. He already loved him a little, and he knew the way to fully understanding this was through the physical.
“Lift your chest without pressing into your hands. Root into your feet, lengthen out through the crown of the head, and broaden your collar bones as you lift the sternum. It's also key to anchor your pelvis to the floor before you lift up.”
Dean chuckled. “Of course you do. You were made to take cock, Cas. You were made for my cock.”
He put a hand on Cas’ belly, then slid the first finger in. Cas was as tight as he was when Dean had first fucked him. It had been weeks since his head injury, after all.
through this disappearing land
He's a god, he's a man,
“Get on the bed. Spread your legs for me.” Dean did, watching Castiel remove his wedding tunic. He was already hard, and Dean looked at his cock. It was so tantalizing, with just a pearl of precum. glistening at the tip. Cas walked to the bed and crawled over Dean. He inhaled deeply at Dean’s armpits, then moved down to inhale at Dean’s crotch. Dean spread his legs even wider.
“Not a word about this to anyone, understood? I don’t need the rest of them finding out that I got an angel in my cabin until I decide what I’m gonna do with him.”
Castiel stood up, then offered Dean his hand. Dean grabbed it and let Castiel help him to his feet.
Castiel looked at him. “What? Say what again?”
Cas waited, then wiggled his hips, trying to get Dean to move.
“Sure, Mildred, love to.”
Castiel stretched out his legs and pushed up the front of his body.
Dean walked out of his cabin into the crisp morning air. He could see his breath. He shivered but didn’t bother to go back to grab his coat. He walked to Benny’s cabin, his feet crunching the frost.
“What? Why?”
“So, if your brothers tortured you, I’m guessing you won’t call them and tell them where you are, so I figure we’re safe.”
Cas groaned in response. His hands left Dean to fist at the furs under him.
Dean felt warm all over.
The only sounds were the slap of Cas’ ass against Dean’s balls and their intermingled moans.
“Fuck! Fuck him. I don’t need him!”
Castiel snorted. “To die unbaptised is how you go to hell.”
Castiel might as well have been speaking Japanese for all Dean understood. He just did what Castiel did, listening to his back crack.
Dean sighed. “Your religion is harsh.”
He decided on the way home that a burger and a couple of brewskies sounded good, so he called Benny when he got home, firming up plans for later.
They laid together, catching their breath. They slept.
When he walked in, he fully intended to tell Cas off and quit. But seeing him like this kicked his omega genes into overdrive. He couldn’t leave the guy like this.
Dean kissed him like it was the first time, and for Cas, it was. Cas kissed him back, opening his mouth when Dean slid his tongue over Cas’ bottom lip. Cas put a hand on the back of Dean’s head.
Castiel nodded. “It is, heathen. They are messengers and soldiers of God.”
“Lord, ships!”
On a gathering storm comes
Benny nodded. “Yes, Lord.” He grabbed the priest by his bound hands and dragged him from the dock.
Castiel smiled without opening his eyes. “Yes, my husband?”
Dean sat up on the edge of the bed. He stood up, pulling on his boxers. He walked to his chest, coming back with some chips and candy bars. He dropped them on the bed next to Cas.
is a red right hand
Cas knew he wanted Dean. He’d felt the need for days now, maybe weeks. He’d been afraid, afraid of what it meant. He wished he could remember, but it was useless. What came before was lost forever.
When they reached the two men, Balthazar put Dean’s hand into Castiel’s and went to sit down. There was Raphael. Hannah, Mildred, Samandriel and five other slaves, making the required ten people to be witnesses.
Dean laughed. “So you say. We have many gods, strong gods.”
Castiel put a finger inside Dean and scooped out some cum, tasting it. When Dean laid next to him, he fed some to Dean, who sucked the finger clean.
He shuffled to the third door, took a deep breath and walked in.
Castiel was unhappy with how Dean had left. He knew he’d messed things up, but he had no idea how to make it better. It was just like Dean to offer himself to help, but Castiel didn’t want that. He wanted Dean to want him when he wasn’t in rut.
was, but she walked away.
Dean huffed. “Let’s get something to eat.”
He found Cas in bed, looking like death warmed over. He was laying in a bed that smelled awful, oblivious to Dean.
Where secrets lie in the border fires,
Castiel snorted. “There is just one true God.”
Cas hobbled out of the bathroom, still dripping water, with a towel around his waist. He stood at the bedroom door.
Again, Mildred’s laughter rang out.
Cas stuttered out, “Yes.., yes Dean. I… I love it…”
“Even better than I imagined. Oh Cas, the things I’m going to do to you…”
Dean sighed. “Yeah, I’m coming back. I ain’t about to give my brother the satisfaction of saying he told me so.”
‘Who names their kid
Cas moaned again. “Dean, Dean... “
“You are the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen, my husband.” Castiel ran one hand over Dean’s chest.
“Dean, is that what you think? That I took
He started the car and drove straight to Cas’ house.
Cas took it and ate a spoonful. He sat back with a sigh.
By the time they got to the downward dog, Dean was drenched in sweat. His pants may have been
he's a ghost, he's a guru
With a sad sigh, he dug out his rut toy from under the bed.
“Cas, I don’t think I owe you anything. Well, yeah I do, but not this! I wanted to stay with you because I… well, because I really like you.”
He showered and got ready to meet Benny.
Aaron bowed his head. “As you wish, lord.” He turned and left.
Dean nodded. “Name.”
Dean smiled. He didn’t tell Castiel that he really wanted to not tap out because of him. Castiel was easy on the eyes.
There were seven ships approaching. At the lead was Sam’s ship, with Sam standing proudly at the helm. Dean stood to wait until the ship was docked. Sam jumped out and hugged Dean.
Not a word was spoken on the way back to the compound. When he parked the Jeep, Dean got out and called Jesse over when he’d parked.
“It is so beautiful, watching your body take me inside, seeing your hole stretched around my cock. Look at how you suck me inside...”
“You taste good, sunshine.”
Mildred put a hand over his. “He looks at you too, you know.”
“Dean, you can’t be here.”
Dean managed a nod.
There is a brief description of one of Cas' flashbacks in this. If was bothers you, it's in italics so you can skip it.
Dean watched every spurt of cum. He plowed in and out of Cas, chasing his own orgasm.
Dean grinned at him. “Yeah, it was.”
He didn’t move his head, but he did roll his eyes to look at Cas. Cas was looking at him with a smile. Dean absolutely didn’t feel warm from that.
Cas bit the inside of his mouth as the knife slid across his bicep. He was determined not to make a sound during the long, painful process of being scarred. Dean hovered nearby, passing him drinks of ale every so often.
Dean swore under his breath all the way back to his car.
And what the hell kind of name was
Dean swiped a finger through the cum on his chin, then put the finger in his mouth.
Castiel nodded. “With original sin, yes. Of course babies can’t sin in practice.”
Dean stood outside ‘Serene Journey’, clutching his cheap mat and shifting from foot to foot. He was still mentally kicking himself in the ass for ever agreeing to this, but Sam had been relentless. So what if he was a little stressed? He had been dealing with it… just because his way of dealing was with copious amounts of alcohol and sleepless nights, what was the harm? He wasn’t hurting anybody. Well, yeah, maybe he was hurting himself, but that was his right, wasn’t it?
They had decided on a fairly simple and yet involved design.
“We are all born under the disgrace of original sin. A priest baptises the infant to wash way this taint so that they can go to heaven when they die.”
“Where you goin’? I’m up for another round.”
Dean blushed a little.
Dean looked at Cas, who had a look of concentration on his face and the tip of his tongue caught between his teeth. His face was so close, it would be easy to lean a little and kiss him. Dean didn’t, but he wanted to.
He’d been horrified, his stomach roiled in response. But there was something strangely beautiful about it as well. He watched Aaron, amazed that he could remain silent.
Cas laughed. He felt lighter than he ever had before.
Dean heated up some soup and took the bowl to the bedroom. He sat on the edge of the bed and held it and a spoon out to Cas.
“No, Cas, open your eyes. Look at me.”
Dean put his hands on Castiel’s shins and started to move up and down. Castiel groaned.
And then it was on. Cas bounced up and down on Dean’s cock. Dean bent his legs to thrust up into Cas every time he went down. Cas grabbed his cock, jacking himself furiously.
“Hell is not a person, it is a place. A place of eternal fire and damnation.”
“Oh my beautiful Dean, nothing could be further from the truth! I want you. I want you so badly it hurts. But I don’t want you to feel obligated to me. I didn’t let you stay because it would have only been because you think you owe me. You don’t owe me anything.”
Dean looked at him. “Tell me about your God.”
Castiel was grinning at him like Dean was the kid on the short bus. “Thanks, Dean.”
Sam grinned at him, got up to find her. Dean watched him go. He looked around the hall. The men were drunk, grabbing women to sit on their laps. He got up and walked to his rooms.
Castiel tried to explain about Jesus and how he died for people’s sins. None of it made any sense to Dean. He liked what Jesus taught, but couldn’t imagine killing your God, or how Jesus was God but also God’s son. The idea of a virgin getting pregnant was laughable.
To be honest, he never knew exactly how it worked when a man fucked a man, he had nothing to go on. But this was beyond anything he could have possibly imagined even if he had known how it worked. He was completely lost in the feeling. He looked at Dean, taking in the sheer intensity of his face looking back at Cas.
He felt better after that. He got up, took a shower and went to the diner to eat. He went back to  the room after that, watching TV and drinking whiskey in the dark.
Dean looked at Castiel. Even haggard, he was gorgeous. His messy dark hair, those startling blue eyes, that cut jaw… Dean shook his head and took another swallow.
Some humans had survived. They lived in small groups, foraging for food, medicine, necessities. But human beings are resilient. They prospered, grew in numbers as babies were born.
Again Dean laughed. “No, I am not in love with him. We simply enjoy each other’s bodies. My gods don’t object.”
heal your shrinking soul,
Dean nodded. “Yeah, I guess.”
His cock was throbbing with need, but he didn’t touch it. He couldn’t move for fear this was all just a dream and if he moved he’d wake up.
Dean moaned as Castiel’s big cock opened him up, stretching his hole to accept it. He pushed back against it. Castiel pulled Dean’s legs onto his shoulders and leaned forward. He used one hand to trap Dean’s hands above his head.
Now Dean’s entire face was red. “W-what? I don’t…”
Dean bought two pair of yoga pants that were 90% cotton and 10% spandex. They were loose enough to let him move, but fitted enough that he wouldn’t feel stupid wearing them. He also bought a new mat with more padding and a water bottle.
In bed that night, Cas clung to Dean. He hated the idea of war, in which each of them stood a real chance of dying. He didn’t fear death, but the idea of Dean dying filled him with dread. He knew he couldn’t live if anything happened to Dean.
“Get out, I’ll dry you off.”
that you can do
Cas walked past him and sat on the edge of the bed.
Sam turned to where his men were bringing boxes off the ship. “Not what, but who.” He called to one of his men, “Bring the prisoner!”
a tall handsome man
He gradually got better. When he finally managed to defend himself from Dean for an extended period of time, Dean was thrilled.
Dean drained his glass. “You need to lay down? You can take the bed. Just stay here. I got some things to do.”
Dean sat back, taking a drink of his ale. “We shall see, brother. But there is nothing to be done until spring.”
Cas never changed expression. He squatted down and dried each of Dean’s legs. Dean was still hard.
“Dean? Wha… what are you doing here?”
Where the viaduct looms,
Cas quietly said yes, not really knowing what to expect, but this was Dean. He wanted whatever Dean was going to do.
Dean kissed each of Cas’ balls. Then he looked up at Cas.
, anyway? Dean mentally grabbed his balls and thought, ‘
Cas looked at them, then back to Dean. “What’s this for?”
“Cas, you must avoid the blows! Any one could kill you. Keep your shield up!”
red right hand
“Castiel is a wonderful instructor, isn’t he.”
Cas worked down to Dean’s belly, then ran the towel over Dean’s balls. Dean couldn’t prevent the moan from escaping his lips.
Dean moved to work on the other nipple. He could hear Cas’ breath coming in pants. His own cock was aching, he wanted to be inside of this man so badly, but he still knew he couldn’t yet. He licked slowly over Cas’ chest.
He went inside with a sigh. There was soft music, if you could really call that music, playing. It was the kind of crap Dean associated with hippies and, ugh,
Ketch looked a little confused, but turned and left.
“Hormones. Dean, I’m in rut. My body is raging with hormones, which affect you. The house is filled with the scent of the two of us. When, and I do mean when, we take that plunge, I don’t want it to be because of our hormones. You have to leave.”
Something didn't add up.
The Wiener Hut was exactly like every other grease filled, heart attack inducing place that Dean loved so much. That was Sam's first impression upon reading the menu, that didn't include pie, but had deep fried oreos as part of their dessert.
They tossed and turned. Opened their eyes again. Closed them.
we defeated Lucifer?"
"You're in danger." The note said, making  Grant laugh internally. That was perfect, to have an actual threat in the handwriting of the suspect. "You've got to go away from Easter."
*          *          *
Dean  knew that Alfie was not going to change his mind. He had a lot of other questions, starting with how the hell had his brother known about Hunters in the first place, why he wanted to be one, and why hadn't he told Dean
"You know I can't," Castiel said,  measuring Sam's words. He was telling the truth, or, at the very least, what he believed to be the truth. But there was something in the way he said it that made Castiel doubt. Or maybe it was just that he now was used to doubt everything. One of the many things he had learned since getting Dean out of Hell. "I marked you and your brother just to avoid my brothers finding you."
He also took a chance to check how his body looked. Cas had done an excellent job healing him. There were no scars left, not even from his old wounds. It wasn’t until he was washing his arm that he noticed that one scar had returned: the old handprint, as red and bright as it had been the first time Dean had noticed it, when Cas saved him that first time.
So, if he couldn't convince Alfie that becoming a hunter and leaving everything behind was stupid... then there was only one possible solution.
"Are we sure he's alive?" Gabriel asked, voicing the one question Sam didn't want to consider.  Because he could still remember with deadly clarity the first time he and Dean had encountered the Croatoan virus. That horrible hour while they waited to see  if he was infected or not. The absolute calm with which Dean held his gun, sitting on the doctor's table.  And he could see it in his mind. Dean calmly sitting on the bed of some motel, holding his handgun as he considered the pros and cons of not fulfilling his promise to Sam. Lifting the barrel to his mouth.
“What do you mean?” The Shadow asked, suspicious.
Part of Sam wanted to be furious, wanted to yell at Dean for having worried them so much for the past month and a half. But the relief at seeing Dean alive and well won over that anger and he rushed to hug his brother, just to reassure himself that Dean was really there.
Except it wasn’t stopping.
“Cas!” Sam smiled as he saw Cas, Dean and Jack appear in the Bunker’s dinning room, trying hard not to comment on Dean’s clothes. Biting his lips not to, actually, but his companions weren’t that generous.
In fact, as soon as he found Dean, he was going to apologize for a lot of things, starting with making him promise to go to Lisa. If Dean hadn't been alone on the road, this wouldn't have happened. Bobby would've kept an eye on him, of that, Sam was sure.
“Why are you so eager to throw away your humanity, Dean?” Sam yelled, now angry. “After what happened with Michael… “
"One of your youth center kids?" Sam asked, remembering what Marion had told them about Dean before Dean came into the Weiner Hut.
Only then he remembered that Sam didn't understand him, so he glared at Castiel and Mr.Singer until they translated.
"So what? Without the apocalypse now Angels have decided that they wanted to get involved with us
"Well, if you say so. But if something happens to Chuck, you're going to have to explain it to his girlfriend."
"I don't know. But I will find out." And with that, Castiel disappeared, probably to canvas the city.
"He is safe," Castiel answered, not even bothering to ask. Which meant that the prophet's disappearance had to do with Heaven. "No matter where he is, if he was in danger,  I believe Raphael would protect him."
The Empty was not really empty. There were hundreds, maybe thousands of demons and angels sleeping with in it, which made the Shadow uneasy. They had never stopped to consider what would happen if one woke up, or what it meant for the Empty to be that full, not until that damned noisy angel had done the unthinkable and woken up with all the noisy thoughts and words.
Dean perked at the possibility. He didn’t want to go to hell ever again, but a small interference from Rowena saving his life and giving him a chance to see Cas again? It was good enough to send her a fruit basket. However, Cas was shaking his head in the negative. There was more to the story apparently.
"He's telling the truth," Castiel said, narrowing his eyes at Dean, as if he was seeing something that they didn't. "There's angelic energy around him, but not enough to mark him as the one who used the staff."
“Cas?!” Or not, judging by Sam’s hopeful tone. “You’re back! Hurry, you got to help Dean! He’s…”
"Well, painfully for him. The reading will be excruciating, even if I try to be fast."
They could see through the rift about a hundred of human figures, all dressed in black with big hats and a myriad of instruments, playing. They were the cause of the noise (music) and while the Shadow wanted to silence them all, they couldn’t. The Shadow power was limited to demons and angels, they couldn’t really touch humans. Humans, fortunately, couldn’t enter the Empty either so it was just a matter of finding out how to close that damned portal.
But they had tried everything, so they thought they could try one more thing before invading Heaven to demand they put them back to sleep. Curious, they took human form, and touched the button that read “Distant Ocean Surf” and soon the Empty was filled with precisely that, the rhythmic sounds of what the Shadow knew was water reaching the earth, then retreating again.
"He was Kutiel, an angel," Castiel answered, with no emotion. Bobby tried not to groan. Of all the people who shouldn't be explaining the supernatural to a civilian, the feathered idjit was probably on top of the list. At the very least, he always sounded sincere, so Dean would only think they were insane, not that they were trying to con him.
Castiel held his sword, just as he was about to stab his brother's chest.
"What happened to Lucifer and Michael? And where is your brother?" Castiel urged, stepping forward and all but ignoring Singer, who was frowning at Sam. As if he had just realized that if Sam was free from hell, that meant that the Apocalypse could still happen.
"What the hell was that?" Sam asked, once the sound stopped. His ears hurt, and he was pretty sure he was feeling the beginnings of the worst headache of his life.
Life went on, and so did Dean and Cas.
Dean glared at Sam for daring to bring those two. While he no longer had nightmares of what Alastair had done to him, of what Alastair had made him do, the memories were still fresh. But this was for Cas, and Dean was not going to let something as silly as a nightmare to stop him from saving his angel. Besides, it had been almost eleven years since he had last seen Alastair and he was pretty sure that now, he could face that demon without Sam as backup.
There was no constant humming or snoring, or even that annoying buzz that sometimes permeated the edges of the Empty where it touched the Light’s realm.
But they still
"Even if Lucifer gets out, you won't accept to be his vessel again,  will you?" Castiel raised his tone, just a little. But enough for Sam to realize that the angel was getting angry.  "Without his true vessel, Lucifer cannot fight Michael, not even if Michael still could use your brother Adam."
Dean closed his eyes for the last time, after saying goodbye to his brother.
"If you are here, you will find out soon enough," Charon smiled, and then, before Castiel could stop him, he left his vessel, leaving Castiel to face a very scared man to calm down.
Dean began to rock back and forth on Castiel. They both moaned. Then Castiel grabbed Dean’s hips and held him.
and the bowery and the slum
Castiel took Dean’s cock in his mouth and sucked down the length. Dean arched his back and groaned. Castiel looked up at him with smiling eyes as he held there, not moving. Dean whined and wiggled, but Castiel didn’t move.
Zachariah? The slimy toad would probably be the first one to try to kiss Jack’s ass now that he was God.
The violins started again, and Dean took a deep breath. This was it. He touched his left shoulder, feeling the warmth of the handprint under his mariachi jacket that had, against all odds, returned a little after Chuck was defeated.
It had to be an hallucination.
"No witch has the power to influence an angel of the Lord, Sam."
He hadn't let his father's prejudices make him ruin the best thing that had happened to his life before, and he was ready to give up, to tell John they'd see each other after Christmas... and now Cas was surprising him with the exact opposite news.
“Dean?” Cas opened is eyes, confused as they were almost at the portal. “What… what did you do?”
He had promised Dean that there would be no more secrets between them after what happened with Ruby. And he was going to fulfill that promise. As soon as they found Dean, as soon as he was in his rightful place in the passenger seat of the Impala, Sam was going to tell his brother
Dean, whether he wanted to or not. However, the bell at the door rang interrupting her."Oh, speak of the devil. Hi Dean! Alfie just left to meet you at the shop. Didn't he text you?"
"Is that what you believe, brother?" Castiel now was sure that he wouldn't be able to avoid the confrontation, so he pulled out his sword. He was confident he could best Charoun on hand to hand combat, but he had to be fast in order to stop his brother from contacting others. Even more important, he needed to get information. There had to be a reason why Charoun was stationed there. "Raphael believes our Father is dead. Isn't that heresy too?"
"At least promise me you'll let me know when you find Dean," she said, glaring at Sam. It was obvious that she wasn't happy with his answer. "Let me know that he's really fine. If you can't tell me what had him so spooked, at least don't let me think that he's dead in a ditch somewhere."
So why couldn’t they
And so, two years after he had drove Dean in that same truck to find his brother Sam, he was doing the same for Sam. Maybe now John and the kid Adam could also come back and so Bobby would get the whole Winchester set.
"There's a problem with that plan," Robert Singer interrupted, frowning at Samandiriel. "How different is 'Dean Derringer' from 'Dean Winchester'?"
"What do you mean?" Robert Singer had kept silent until now, and Samandiriel was sure that he was considering all their possible exits in case this was a trap.
It helped a lot that Jack broke his own “no interference” rule to the wedding, and both he and Rowena agreed that no supernatural creature, demonic or heavenly, could enter the new Roadhouse if they had ill intent. It would be a safe space, and that’s how Sam wanted it.
"When Zachariah zapped us, Dean was his complete opposite," Sam added. "I remember him eating salads, and not wanting to take any risk with his health. It took me a lot to convince him to check the ghost haunting, and he really didn't want to get on the road to hunt again."
Except none of that happened.
“What do you mean, where Dean is going to spend the afterlife?” Sam asked, frowning. Bitchface #9, one that Dean rarely saw not directed at himself. “We’re going to Heaven, aren’t we? Don’t we deserve it after… after everything?”
Gabriel started sucking on a lollipop, shaking his head. "Sorry, bro. I'm not an actual pagan god, I just play one on T.V.. Your art project keeps Dean-o invisible from me too."
"Which plague is this, Cas?" Sam asked, trying to remember which one of the plagues involved an actual angel coming down from heaven, trying to think if his brother was in danger, or if this was going to be like all the other times, when the only one dead was the original target of whoever was causing this. At the same time that he wished that this was not proof that his
"I asked him to get out of the hunting business," Sam finally admitted. "Go with his friend, Lisa, and try to get the life he really wanted. A job, a kid, the kind of life we could never have."
"An angel would know to control his true voice," Castiel added. "Even if the vessel was born mute, an angel can heal the vocal cords in order to mimic human voice. Unless of course, said angel had never took a vessel before."
Yes, Sam had to admit, he was jealous.
Same as when they found out that hunters were starting to wear a little squirrel charm to symbolize Dean. Apparently, Odin had gotten tired to wait, and he and Crowley of all people had ganged up together to start the rumor that Dean was the God of Hunters, protector of Innocents, and that he favored the Squirrel as his totem.
He didn't know about Michael and Lucifer's feud, or about Anna...or that Father had just remarried and he wanted everyone to meet his new wife.
"Hey, Dean!" A kid, no older than 16, came running down the stairs, almost bumping into Dean. To Sam's surprise, Dean smiled, and then signed something very carefully. This, Sam could almost understand, as his brother mimicked throwing a basketball among all the other movements that Sam didn't get. "Yeah, sure! I'll be there at 5:00! See ya!"
Dean wasn't a superstitious man, but he wasn't  a fool. He had heard Calfex talk about how Hatch had died, turning into blood in front of his eyes, and had seen Gray's body, all covered in boils when his boss had asked him to go and tow the police car from where Gray had died. Those weren't natural deaths. There was something strange there and Dean had researched that too.
was the one who had summoned the angel.
"He believes he was rendered mute in an accident when he was four years old," Samandiriel explained. "Another of our sisters posed as his doctor to make sure he wouldn't be told otherwise. But as far as I know, his body is undamaged. He should be able to speak normally, if he remembered he can."
It was still awkward as hell, because he had given such a nice goodbye speech.
"Chuck's books?" Ellen repeated, confused.
Dean dared to open one eye to confirm that yes, he was still on the barn. Still pinned like a stupid butterfly, and his back still hurting like hell. And no Reaper in sight to get him out of his misery.
"No. Dean is not in hell, and he wouldn't break again if that was the case," Castiel assured them, his voice regaining the steely resolve he got every time he denied that Dean could be dead. "And both the first and the last seal are needed, and they are impossible to change.  The last seal is Lilith's death. They cannot bring her back from where she was sent when Sam killed her. All the seals could break today, and it wouldn't make a difference to Lucifer's cage."
*             *             *
“I… I can’t go into the Empty. It would kill Father just to spite me… Or worse,” Jack finally said. “And you can’t either. No human can.”
"We had... he... We worked better as friends," Becky said, still smiling like a damned doll. "It was better for both of us. And I don't think he knew he was going to 'disappear'... It's more like... he suspected someone might come for him. He said... he said that some angels were still listening. That things could go two ways, depending on what you did on Stull and... he kept notes of both things. And
Of course, Sam didn’t understand why he was laughing, so relief gave way to full bitchface in seconds.
"Sam! You're really here!" She said, but, surpisingly, didn't move forward to touch him. Not that Sam was complaining. Once the shock of seeing his (former?) number one fan again wore off, Sam remembered that she and Chuck had hit it off back at the Supernatural Convention that he and Dean had swore never to talk about again.  "Oh, My God! I wasn't sure, I just... I'm so glad to see you!"
“Personally, I think you’d look better back in black, Squirrel,” Crowley on the other hand, had been first in line to return when he heard the new Purgatory rules and that he and only a bunch of others had a chance to skip the line and go back to Earth without having to go through birth after cleansing their sins. His only comment had been ‘What took you so long, Moose?’, and Sam had to admit, he had missed Crowley. And he had died for them so, yeah, he deserved a second chance.
"Michael is trapped in Hell with Lucifer," Castiel explained.
Securing Michael's vessel while they found a way to replicate the two last seals to break the cage that now housed both Michael and Lucifer had been a stroke of luck. One that, thanks to Hester's incompetence and Samandiriel's betrayal, had been wasted.
"Dean killed an angel?" Samandiriel asked, obviously shocked at the news. "When?"
It was an stupid way to die, in a routine hunt for monsters they had killed thousands of times before, but Dean supposed he was ready to go. At least, the pain on his back would stop.
As he walked into the town of Sioux Falls, he wondered if they should pray to Gabriel. He had promised he would look around for Dean, and they had found Dean after all. Not only that, Gabriel was as powerful as Raphael. If anyone could break the hold Raphael had on Dean's memories, it had to be him. But then, Sam still hadn't quite forgiven the archangel for killing his brother a hundred times just for fun, and at the same time, he didn't want Gabriel to ask more questions about Sam's own escape from Hell.
The new angel, no, the former human, stopped in front of the Shadow, who now looked like a tiny blonde woman with short hair. Meg master’s first vessel, the Shadow knew. A demon who had hurt Dean, long before he met the sleeping angel.
Sam frowned again, and Bobby's bad feeling increased. Sam had been expecting to find Dean at the scrape yard, as if he had never believed that his brother would try and fulfill whatever promise Sam had gotten from him.  As much as Bobby had admitted to Dean that they had been treating Sam like a child, he also had to admit that Sam didn't have much faith in his older brother, and it showed now.
Dean sat back on Cas’ thighs, running his hands over Cas’ body. “You’re so beautiful, Cas. I’ve wanted you for so damn long.”
He'll rekindle all the dreams
Dean leaned over, grabbing a bottle of lube from under the pillow. Cas watched him pour some in his hand. Dean looked at him with a smile. He ran his fingers through the lube.
"What do you mean,
"So Raphael was covering all his bases, uh? Gotta respect the bastard, he planned this better than Zachariah when he tried to take the boys out of commission." Bobby walked to the kitchen to grab a beer. This was getting more complicated by the minute.
"The original deal was that Lucifer would rule Earth, as he pleased, for four years after Winchester said yes. I am prepared to change the deal on your favor."
Cas remembered that time very well. After all, it had been when they had met.
Bobby thanked the officer and signaled Sam and Castiel to follow him outside. They were barely out  of the station when Castiel decided to speak up.
It was the Shadow’s biggest nightmare.
Which meant that Sam didn't have long to think about what he would say to his brother. 'Hey, I got out of Lucifer's cage' didn't seem like enough, but at the same time, it was the only explanation he could offer.
The Shadow caught the box, but didn’t open it. They were not that sure they trusted Dean Winchester that much.
He had barely touched Earth when a new prayer reached him. A far more personal prayer, which was also impossible.
"Is Dean possessed?" Sam asked, with so much concern that Castiel figured that it wouldn't be long before Dean would start asking again why those strangers were so concerned about his well being.
"Dad and Mom can come after Christmas' morning, it will be fine."
Sam Winchester's voice was clear as a bell inside Castiel's head, despite the fact that Castel knew that it was impossible for prayers  from hell to reach heaven. Sam had said yes to Lucifer. The last time he  had seen and heard Sam had been when Lucifer had killed Castiel.
The Shadow blinked, really confused. Noise? Was the angel mocking them?
It took Dean at least three pushes before he managed to get the mammoth to let him go, and he immediately asked what the hell was his problem. But the agent  -who, as if it wasn't enough that he was completely insane, also had hair so long that it
"The Impala is not in the driveway," Bobby's voice pulled him out of his thoughts and he tried to see the Breaden's  house. True enough, there was no sign of the distinctive black car that was his brother's pride and joy.
Cas looked away, as if he really didn’t want to speak. And Dean could feel his heart stopping again, not due to a wound, but because he had thought he’d never see that shy expression again. Cas had not just healed his body, his mere presence had filled the void he had been carrying around ever since before they beat Chuck.
As if it knew the Shadow wouldn’t be able to hurt him as long as the loud noise broke their concentration, their beautiful silence. And damn the new Angel, he was right. But the Shadow knew how to fight too, they sent a wave of power towards the waking angel, to make him go back into slumber, into his most terrifying and painful memory.
Even then, Bobby was still wary. Because something wasn't right.  He could've believed that Dean came back from Hell, even before they found out an angel had pulled him out. But Sam hadn't been just in hell. Sam had jumped straight into the deepest circle, Lucifer's cage. And if Sam was out... that meant the cage wasn't as inescapable as they had thought.
Lisa was the one who opened the door. And as soon as her eyes met his, Sam knew that his brother wasn't there.
Until he tried to get on the passenger seat of the Impala just to be stopped by Dean grabbing him by the shoulder.  Apparently, only "family" could ride Baby. Even Cas's offer to go with them had been denied.  Dean really didn't want anyone but his "brother" with him. And since Dean had said he was going to go with them, insisting on keeping a close eye on them was not going to make Dean like them more.
"We need to figure out what happened on the road," Singer said  motioning them to follow him through the yard to a  round structure hidden among the cars. "And the panic room is the one place we can ward against angels."
That was obviously the wrong thing to say, as Dean's features clouded immediately as he moved to keep Aaron as far from the angel as was humanly possible in the small room. He kept signing, to Cas, to Bobby, and completely ignoring Sam as he had realized that Sam had no idea what those movements meant.
“We were really hoping that you would be able to stay alive until the negotiations finished,” Cas replied, looking down. It wasn’t until a few seconds had passed that Dean realized that he was looking at his name, carved in the table.
“Guys, one more! You guys know
"What? Is there something you aren't telling us, boy?"
Balthazar was alive.
Dean signed quickly.
"No way. Dean saw him  eviscerate himself. Hell, you can read it in Chuck's books."
"You want us to make him come with us? Without his memories?" Sam frowned, looking confused. Samandiriel didn't blame him, he was confused by his own actions.
The cause of many, many of the inhabitants in the Shadow’s realm, the nightmare of many of the demons and angels that slept within the Empty.
"You always have had little faith, Dean," Castiel said. "Kutiel was called down by the staff of Moses in order to kill the officers that killed Christopher Birch. We came here to retrieve the staff and assure that no innocents will be harmed by it."
Castiel sighed, caressing the letters on the table lightly. “There is a… disagreement as to where Dean should spend the afterlife. We had barely started negotiating the situation when word came that you had been mortally wounded, so Jack sent me to make sure you would not die until they agreed where to send you.”
"There were traces of angelic energy in that apartment," Castiel said, either not understanding why Sam needed to apologize, or not caring about it. "Dean has been in contact with more than one of my brothers."
Since he was four years old, when the doctor had told him that he would never speak again, he had known that sometimes, life just didn't go his way. It had been hammered further when he had been the only one able to take care of his brother, pretending that his father wasn't a drunken mess so child services wouldn't take Alfie away from him.
From the rift, there came a noise the Shadow had never heard before. They knew it was what humans called “violins” and “string instruments” by the memories of the creatures sleeping within their realm, but they had never actually know what kind of noise it made.
"What do you mean?"
"I set an obvious trap for you and waited." Gabriel shrugged. "I  hoped that you would come before I had to bring Lou Ferrigno to the mix, but you were always slow that way."
Also, I know it's short, but next one will be longer. It's just that my love for cliffhangers didn't let me avoid this particular one. *ducks*
Which was cryptic angelic bastard for 'the angels will fuck up human lives again'. As if they didn't have enough worries on their plate.
Dean insisted. Sure, he wasn't sure of exactly what hunters had to face in a daily basis, but he had seen enough.
And now, Fear gave way to a newer, stronger emotion.
For the first time in his life, all that Sam wanted to do was to get his brother back, and then go and find an easy hunt. A salt and burn. A poltergeist. A woman in White. Something normal, for them. Nothing to do with demons, angels, or the horrible past year. After everything that had happened since Jess's death, Sam craved *his* normal life, and not the normal life he had always idealized. Maybe it had been the time in hell, but Sam had finally realized that for him, the life of a hunter was his normal life; he had felt better when he and Dean were out looking for hunts, helping people, not thinking about vessels, seals... or Lucifer.
When Dean died for the hundredth time, the one that was supposed to be definitive, Sam had taken to take long walks in the morning, trying  to clear his mind and figure out how to get his brother out of hell. At first, it had been because he was looking for crossroads, to find one where the demon was willing to make a deal. Later, when he hooked up with Ruby, he had also needed to burn some excess energy after drinking her blood when there were no demons to exorcise or kill.
So instead of being on the passenger seat of the Impala, riding next to his brother... he was riding on the passenger seat of Bobby's Chevelle, wondering how could they break Raphael's hold on his brother's head.
Where the hell was his reaper? Were they so angry that he had killed a couple of Deaths now that they were willing to let him suffer unnecessarily? Wasn’t Jack supposed to fix that?
"But are we sure?" Gabriel pressed. "Or are we chasing our tails while your big brother is enjoying the memories of all his one night stands in heaven? Because you must know, after all you and your brother did? It's highly unlikely that you would go downstairs."
Not that he was counting.
He wanted to trust them all, he realized right then. Even if Sam Winchester was looking at him as if he had killed his pet dog.
After a few minutes more of staying very still and wondering where the hell was a Reaper, or why he was still breathing despite a big gaping hole where his right lung used to be, Dean finally decided to speak up. Sam was still crying softly, not moving to get the kids out of harm, and the longer Dean stayed silent, the more awkward it was going to get.
“You think?” Dean managed to spit, despite being overjoyed at seen Cas again. He had been so sure he’d never see his angel… his friend again. And even if the situation couldn’t be worse, given that Dean is still sure he was dying, he was happy he got to see Cas again on Earth.
It wasn’t until Sam went to Heaven for the final time when Dean and Cas noticed that something else had changed. It started with a small whisper in the back of Dean’s head at weird times. As if someone was calling his name, but no matter where they were, Dean never could find the person calling.
Kutiel had one second to realize that he had made a huge miscalculation. There was something else in the first born before him. A sigil  had his true nature bound. But this close, it was impossible not to see.
He just wanted his brother safe.
And Sam’s sobs were starting to sound like the ugly crying that Dean hated because it always made him feel uncomfortable.
“I know, Dean,” At least, Cas didn’t sound any happier at the prospect.”Neither Jack nor I want you to go back to that, even if the Queen of Hell insists she has a right to you as her First Knight.”
“Ok, Cas. Spill,” he said, trying to keep a casual tone. He wanted to be alone with the angel, away from Sam, so they could clear the air about their last conversation. But he also knew that unless they knew why he was still alive, Sam would never leave them alone. “How did I survive being skewered like that?”
"What happened?"
“Why? The Shadow wants quiet, no? The best thing we can offer them so they will give us back Cas without a fight is to make sure they get that quiet and Purgatory is as good a place to put every demon and angel we’ve ganked!” Dean crossed his arms, glaring at his brother. He knew, deep down, that that part of the plan was not what Sam was really objecting to, but he wasn’t ready to explain his reasons for the other part. At the very least, Jack seemed to agree with Dean. And if he had the new God’s back up, Dean could handle Sam’s bitchface.
"There's an angel in the precinct," Castiel said suddenly, as Sam and Bobby were discussing the possibility of stalking Grant until they found  who had set the people against them. Sam knew that their best lead was Dean, but Bobby insisted that trying to approach him at that moment would only make Dean withdraw more. Especially as they had no idea what was wrong with him.
"I don't perch..." Castiel started to say, when Balthazar raised his hand.
“Well, Jack can’t go into the Empty, and humans can’t either, so it’s either this, or becoming a demon and last time I did that, I almost killed you so I figured you’d prefer me going the other way,” Dean tried to make it into a joke, but came out far more aggressive than he expected. Alastair was old news, but his time as Crowley’s Knight wasn’t. He still remembered how he felt then, free and unbothered by morality.
Castiel didn't reply. It was useless to explain his actions to the mortals, to explain that even if the Apocalypse was adverted and the main instigators were gone, there could still be angels in heaven who wanted nothing more than hurt Dean. Castiel had never found out how many of his garrison alone had said yes to Uriel, much less how many of his brothers and sisters agreed with Zachariah.
"Yep, Alfie's brother," Marion continued, with a very similar tone of voice to the one Becky got when she talked about Sam, which told Sam that he was going to hear everything wonderful about
Dean thanked her but told her there was no way he’d be back as a Knight of Hell. After all, his husband was an angel and that would be a conflict of interests.
The Shadow blinked, confused. And then blinked again, as a new feeling came to be known within their frame.
As much as he loved his mom, he really didn't want to think a lot about how sometimes all her conversations on the phone circled around Sam, Jess, and 'do you think they will make good parents?'.
"I want to be a hunter, Dean, I want to help people," Alfie repeated, not backing down. It was almost  a repeat of the time when Alfie had declared that he was going to get a part time job to help Dean with their expenses. That time, Dean had relented. But this time? He was not going to let his brother ruin his life.
" Bobby turned to look at Castiel who, surprisingly, didn't met his gaze but instead looked downwards.
Sam was not ready to see the  former Trickster appear in front of them as soon as Castiel called him. After he had tried to force them to say yes to Lucifer and Michael by trapping them inside different TV shows and they had discovered he was in fact  an angel, Gabriel had only helped them occasionally, claiming to be 'Team Free Will part time'.  Sam had pretty much decided they could trust him when he had saved Ellen and Jo from Hellhounds the day they had discovered that the Colt couldn't kill Lucifer, and later, Gabriel had both warned them away from a trap set by the pagan gods and told them about the lock to Lucifer's Cage but afterwards had decided not to help directly. Gabriel didn't want the other angels to figure out he was alive, or so he had said. After that, Sam was sure they would never see him again.
"I'm here, Ellen, sorry... Went woolgathering. What did you say?"
By the time he was ready to go, at 103 years old and the oldest non-supernaturally protected hunter in history, Sam was surrounded by family and friends. His kids, his grandkids and even a couple great grand kids. None of them active hunters, but all of them aware of the dangers that went bump in the night. And all of them the apple of Sam’s life.
Jack’s eyes started to water, and Sam felt incredibly bad for the young new god. He may have all that power, and for a second the young man had sounded as if he was wiser beyond his years. But he was just a kid, a kid who now had to shoulder all of creation alone.
"Dean says that you have to follow him," Marion translated. "My boss doesn't like him talking bad about the cops, and he doesn't want to get Alfie in trouble. And he's sorry for your brother but he doesn't want you touching him again."
*             *             *
"What did you do to him, Samandiriel?," Castiel asked, putting his sword away. Samandiriel had not made a move to attack him yet, and now Cas's priority was Dean's wellbeing. "Why was he in pain? Why doesn't he remember us? ."
to be against regulations- just kept talking, not even looking at Dean's hands.
But the angel was asleep now too, he had fulfilled their deal and the Empty was silent again. Not Empty, but Silent. And that was ok with the Shadow, even if now they had a bit of a conflict because how could they be the Empty if it wasn’t Empty. And was it Empty even if They were the only ones there?
Because when she hadn't been able to erase those damned runes, Raphael had sent more angels to help her. She knew each one of them, and where they were posted, as Dean's friends, coworkers, clients... and of course, his brother.
Chauron's words echoed in Castiel's head as he flew towards the Impala. He couldn't help but feel that if Dean was hurt again, it was only his fault for not paying attention.  He had heard a soft, almost familiar voice, singing in enochian coming out of nowhere, but it had been so low, so tentative, that he hadn't actually registered that it was real until he saw the jeep windshield start to crack.
"A couple of the Roadhouse regulars have crossed paths with them this last month. Apparently, Samuel Campbell and his nephew Christian  were hunting an Arachne in Rhode Island."
"First version?" Sam tried again to call her attention, before she went out on a tangent again. At the very least, she didn't seem sad anymore and that was a relief. She could be annoying when she was happy, but Sam had never been good dealing with sad women. That was more Dean's territory.
As he took the highway that would eventually lead him back to Bobby's house, his cell rang.
isn't here... I figured something must be wrong."
*             *             *
There was a long silence on the other side of the line. Long enough that  he feared that the call had been cut.
"I don't know," Castiel answered honestly. "I heard rumors that some of the weapons of heaven had been stolen during the fight to save the Seals, but I couldn't confirm it. And if I leave for heaven now..."
The prayer came to Castiel as he was considering going down to Earth to ask Dean for advice. At first he thought the prayer was about some other Dean, given that humans were so many, there were a lot of repeated names. But he knew the voice of the supplicant. It was Lisa Braeden, the woman with whom Dean was supposed to be living.
“Ok, that’s enough of cryptic remarks, Cas,” Sam said before Dean could voice the same concern. “What is going on?”
"I know, and I'm sorry about that but... well," Balthazar shrugged, as if Castiel's suffering was nothing important. "I needed everyone to think I was dead. I had no idea who was on Uriel's side, you know? And I needed to be sure that no one would come looking for me."
"It'd be a nice change in our routine, yes," Cas was nodding. Of course, Cas could work wherever he wanted, being a writer. All he needed was his laptop.
"If I become a hunter, I can help people that no one helps. There are thousands of doctors in America, but there aren't many hunters with medical knowledge," Alfie told him.
Sam lowered his eyes and swore. That had to be before Dean had decided to cave to Zachariah's demands, before they found out that the angels had brought Adam back. Which meant he had just lost his only clue to his brother's whereabouts. Because if Dean wasn't with Lisa, and he wasn't with Bobby, Sam had no idea where his brother could be.
“SHUT UP!”
"As it stands, silence is the only protection these mortals have." Charoun answered, still smiling, despite being hurt. His vessel was bleeding profusely, and there were bits of grace spilling out. He was defeated, and yet, he looked triumphant. That was what made Castiel stop.  That Charoun looked as if he wanted to be killed.
"Balls! So? Is this part of it? Are we looking at a new set of seals being broken?"
"Raphael said that that was Zachariah's biggest mistake," Samandiriel explained. " Dean Smith was too different from Dean's true self. Sooner than later, his true personality would've broken through. What he did now was to merely change his memories to erase all signs of the supernatural. That was why I was placed here, because he needed someone to fill the role of the younger brother."
"So we're back on square one," Bobby finally interrupted, looking even angrier. "You should've taken away those scribbles of yours when you healed him."
“We’ll cross that bridge when we have a plan,” Dean growled and Sam sighed. He had a feeling his brother was planning something stupid, like going back to be a Knight of Hell. With Amara trapped, Jack could theoretically create a Mark of Cain. Or maybe they’d find a spell in the Bunker. While he now suspected that about half their luck finding just the right spell every time was Chuck being lazy and writing them Deus ex Machina, the library was still incredibly vast. “I figure we can’t just go guns blazing, since nothing on Earth would hurt it, right? So what do they want?”
"Hello, Sammy," Gabriel finally let him go, although Sam wasn't sure if he actually believed that he was no danger. "So... you lost Dean-o? That's why Castiel called me?"
Sam was determined not to think about Lucifer, at least for the time being.
"It's... complicated..." Bobby said, at the same time Dean heard the key from the front door.
What did it say about him that he missed the days when his biggest worry was to getting eaten?
However, the idea that now angels were making deals with humans was sickening. Because if now Angels were willing to trade with souls, there was no much difference between them and Demons, in Sam's book.
“Hell is not the only Afterlife who laid a claim on Dean. Odin demands that he takes Loki’s place, “ Cas sighed tiredly. “And when we were trying to figure out what he meant, Oberon of the fae sent a messenger demanding that when Dean Winchester’s soul departed his body, he was sent back to the faery realm.” At this, Cas looked at Dean, confused. “Apparently you were a good cup bearer?”
Sam went white as a sheet as soon as Bobby said the words. Not that he could blame him. After all, the seals being broken would mean that Lucifer could try to use him as a prom dress again. Even worse, it would mean that of course they couldn't find  Dean. He was in the place where the idjit Angel had assured them he couldn't be.
“The Reapers won’t allow it,” Cas sighed. “They… they want you to be the new Death, given that you were the cause of the death of the First and most thought Billie was just… uh… keeping the throne warm for you.”
"But it didn't
"And yet, here you are," Samandiriel countered. He had no idea how Lucifer's vessel had been freed when Lucifer and Michael themselves were still inside the cage Father had created, but it was obvious for him that it meant that the cage was failing. "I am sure Raphael has a way to get Michael out.  It doesn't matter now, because he won't be able to find our brother's vessel."
Dean signed, at the same time he scoffed. Strangely, that made Castiel smile.
The box that theoretically contained something that would make them sleep.
Despite what Bobby might have thought, he had absolute confidence that Dean had gone to her. The only reason he hadn't gone to find him first had been the distance and the very pressing issue of making sure that he was still himself despite everything that had happened. No one had been more relieved than Sam himself when all the tests had came up negative. While he still wasn't sure that he was out of the woods -he had already once made the mistake to believe that he was free of his demon blood addiction after all- at least he could breathe easily knowing that he wasn't a danger to Dean, Bobby and everyone in the world.  So yeah, he knew Dean was with Lisa. He had promised Sam he would go to her, and Sam knew that his brother had never broken his promises. Not to him. Even at the cost of his own soul, Dean had never betrayed Sam's trust.
“Whatever you want to do, you can do it after you help us get Cas back,” Dean replied, and the penny dropped in Sam’s head. Of course it was Cas. The only other person in the world besides Sam himself who could make his brother lose all perspective in order to save them. Sometimes, Sam thought that Dean would go even farther to save Castiel than to save him. And he was not jealous about that. Not at all. “And bring everyone who died in Chuck’s stupid story too. You want to be different from him? Then start by not bailing on creation just like he did at first!”
, Dean signed quickly, just as Bobby  reached them.
"I know. So we're going to need reinforcements for this one," Sam wasn't going to let the angel argue with him. If something in Pennsylvania was trying to hide a whole city from an angel, there was a chance that it had to do with Dean. Or...  "Chuck Shurley is missing."
“So… what dumb deal you made to get me out, Dean?” Castiel asked, worried. Not about his confession before the Shadow took him, as Dean’s kiss back there, and the fact that the former human was not letting go of his hand, while his grace caressed Castiel’s invisible wings, made quite clear that Castiel had completely misinterpreted Dean’s feelings.
*          *          *
“For starters, yes,” Dean said, as he extended his arms. Oh, how the Shadow hated all dealings with those outside the Empty. They all wanted something from them, and never let them sleep in peace. “But we also want to make sure no one bothers you ever again.”
"I can't let my dad down, Cas," Dean answered, as if that was the final word.
"Again, not a crossroad demon. But if this ends with Crowley's head on a pike, and the Winchester pests dead? I want in." The demon smiled, and her vessel's eyes turned black. "But if we're going to do this? No more of this 'demon' crap. The name is Meg."
"Enemies with access to heaven's wrath?" Bobby raised his eyebrow. "That sounds very unlikely. It was a robbery, where unfortunately the perp ended up dead after taking a couple of hostages. Hatch had to shoot him."
The Shadow knew absolute silence for the first time since the horrible Big Bang. The freckled angel had kept his promise, even after annoying them so much with that serenade.
Bobby almost slapped Sam right there. While it was true that they had lost a lot of practice about talking to witnesses to the supernatural in the past year, Bobby knew Sam was better at subtlety. As it stood, he was practically accusing Dean of killing the cops himself.
Kutiel dropped his sword to the floor and tried to grab the mortal's neck. He was going to smite this first born, make him regret having touching him before sending him to the eternal garden. For the first time in his existence, Kutiel was angry.
“I will explain in the Bunker, where we have some privacy,” Cas finally said, then looked straight into Dean’s eyes. Straight into Dean’s soul. “I trust you can get there without getting killed again?”
"I don't know, boy," the older agent, Bobby, said, but he seemed to be paying attention to what Dean was signing, so that was a bit better. "I don't think he recognizes us."
The Shadow started to feel a new emotion they had never felt before. A cold stirring in the part that, had they been human, would’ve called their stomach.
Castiel looked at Samandiriel, wondering if the younger angel knew what was wrong with their charge. As it was, Castiel had only once seen a human vessel speak with the voice of an angel. Thousands of years in the past, when mankind was barely starting to create their first civilization. The first angel that had taken a vessel had not know how to manipulate human vocal cords. The bodies  were far too primitive, far too limiting to what angels really where. It had taken some practice back then, even if now they all could do it almost instinctively.
Dean signed angrily, waiting for Bobby to translate.
"Well, what do you want, pal?" It asked, obviously impatient. "I know your kind is not fond of social calls, and now we have nothing to talk about. Not now that Lucifer was captured again."
"Which is why I am talking to you and not to him. You were working closely with my brother, and I know you're loyal to him. You want to see him free."
So he had to reach him before he killed again. And then help him to get out of whatever deal he had made just to avenge his brother.
Dean looked back at the portal where the mariachi from Garibaldi Plaza were finishing their amazing rendition of Cielito Lindo. Sam hadn’t been that sure of the plan, not even after understanding why Dean needed to do this, but the Mariachi had only needed to hear that they were going to serenade their way to save his love from a fate worse than death, and they had immediately volunteered to play for as long as it was necessary.
"Just give him back his memories and leave him alone," Sam said. "That plan is useless anyway. The cage can't be opened."
"I'm sorry, Lisa. It's better if you don't know."
"No! You're going to listen to me, Sam Winchester!" Becky's yell echoed through the store, and Sam didn't know who was more surprised. Up until now, she had always acted around him as if he could do no wrong. Seeing her stand up to him was strangely refreshing.  And then she bit her lip, looked straight at him and said the words he really didn't want to hear. "I know how you got out of Hell."
Sam couldn't stop the groan coming from his throat, that earned him a glare from Dean.  But since Dean had once sold his soul because he didn't want Sam to stay dead, for him it was a bit absurd to imagine his brother counseling anyone about how to deal with the grief of losing a loved one.
But now, what she was feeling was fear.
"What for?" Sam Winchester stepped forward, as if to hit Samandiriel, but Castiel stopped him. "Michael is trapped with Lucifer in the cage, he can't use my brother as his personal condom! So what the hell are you watching my brother for?"
Dean sighed. He had been hoping to get drunk for the next part of the conversation. On the other hand, if he had gotten drunk, Cas would’ve probably thought it was the alcohol talking, and not Dean’s heart.
"That does sound like something that would create him a few enemies," Sam pointed out as he looked at the kitchen. For a fast food joint, this place was very slow. "Who was the perp?"
?“ He asked in perfect Spanish that was not a result of his new angelic upgrade, but of years of practicing the language to be able to communicate with the local hunters whenever he was south the border alone, and learning the language to impress dates.
"Why would you care if Dean suffers?" Sam was just one wrong word from attacking Samandiriel, and Castiel wasn't sure if he would stop the mortal. He used to believe that the younger angel was a friend, that Samandiriel understood that mankind were their Father's creation and thus worth protecting. He didn't like to be proven wrong.
It had been at that moment when he realized that Father was dead. After all, doubt was punished with falling, and yet here Raphael stood, the only archangel surviving the failed apocalypse, while Zachariah and Uriel had been killed by the rebellious angels who had sided with the Winchesters.
Except that now Dean was protecting the wrong person. Sam had never seen that, not even when they had fought each other thanks to the Siren's venom. And, as far as Sam remembered, Dean had never once defended him from an angry angel.
And this creature, this new angel who had been human according to the memories of so many sleepers… wanted to Help them? To help the Shadow to have their long wished for peace?
Robert Singer, Bobby to his friends and the large but diminishing hunter community of the USA,  had seen many strange and unbelievable things in his life, since the moment when his wife Karen had been possessed by a demon. But he had to admit that the really crazy stuff had started the day that he opened the door to find the recently resurrected Dean Winchester waiting to find his younger brother.
Dean glared at them,  still moving his hands and not speaking. It was odd for Sam to see him like that, since he had never known his brother for being quiet. Even when they were alone in the Impala, Dean would sing along to his tapes to fill the air with
"And I take it didn't work,"  Bobby said. While he hadn't had much contact with angels other than Castiel, what Dean and Sam told him was more than enough to know that.
It took Castiel no more than a thought to fly to Earth. Dean was still invisible to him and all angels, when he had healed him at Stull Cementery, he had left the sigils on his ribs intact. But now, Castiel cursed himself for it. Because if Dean was not with Lisa Braeden, then he had no way to find him.
After Bobby had interrogated the manager, they had decided to wait for Cas there. The angel had not gotten confused again, but he was trying to pinpoint the origin of the angelic energy he could feel permeating the city, and he insisted it was better for him to do so away from any human. So while they waited for Castiel to arrive -through the door, they had been clear on that-they at least could eat. If  Sam could find at least one item on the menu that wasn't deep fried.  The idea of eating somewhere else was nixed by Bobby not because he thought the food there was any good, but because according to the manager, their three victims were regular costumers. If they had a common enemy, there was a big chance he or she was a regular too.
"Dean is the Righteous Man, if nothing else, that means that we should ease his suffering," Samandiriel answered, making Castiel frown. That sounded too rehearsed, too artificial, even for an angel."And I've grown fond of him in the past months. He shouldn't suffer more on my account."
“DAD!” Jack was right next to them, and as Dean let Castiel down, the young nephelim hugged Castiel tight, as if he was afraid that Castiel would leave. It was only then that Castiel realized Dean was not the only one who was far more powerful than the last time they had met. Now Jack was brimming with power and warmth, at a level that Castiel had only felt when…
"How do you know, if you can't remember entering the city?" Sam questioned, curious. Whatever it was, it had to be incredibly powerful to affect Castiel like that. Especially since he seemed to have gotten back to his old power levels since Stull.
“It’s not fair, Cas, that you got to say it and I didn’t,” Dean said, breathing the words against Castiel’s lips. “That you went away before I could reply. That you said you knew my feelings… and yet thought me was someone you couldn’t have.”
Bobby kept a wary eye on Sam, as they waited for Dean to calm down and put his weapon down. He still thought that the boy was hiding something about his return from hell. His temper had gotten out of control, and his patience with people outside a very, very small group, was non-existent.  And even before hell, Sam had never taken being out of the loop lightly. They really have to figure out how to fix Dean or at the very least, figure a way for him to understand his brother.
"We are... a lot of brothers and sisters, Dean... I'm sure Father won't mind six more mouths.... " Cas seemed to be considering the possibilities. "I could call him... to be sure."
Assured that his brother was not going to be looking for him if he disappeared for a few hours, Dean put on his jacket and left the apartment. During the research he had made, he had come across a couple of sites that swore up and down that witchcraft existed, that it was possible to kill your enemies at a distance
"Becky, focus. Calm down. You told me he had let you read his notes before and you have a great memory for details. Remember? You told me and Dean about Crowley and the Colt."
He maneuvered to get his sword back, only to find that the first born that he still couldn't kill had grabbed it. A small annoyance that wouldn't save his life, but in fact, make it shorter.  Kutiel needed his sword to fight Castiel, and the human presented no real threat with it.  Avoiding Castiel's attacks, he jumped the table in the middle of the room to reach the human, who, almost mirroring Castiel, attacked him with the sword.
Back in Singer's Scrapyard, the group starts putting the clues together. But as Castiel starts realizing that perhaps someone other than Raphael is involved,  Sam gets a surprise visitor.
"Last I saw your brother, he said he was going to fulfill his promise to you. Do you have any idea where he could be?"
After they got to the bunker, Dean took a quick shower. He was anxious to know what had happened, why he was still alive, but at the same time, he didn’t want to hear about it with his own blood drying on his chest.
"I don't know," Sam shook his head. "Last I remember I was pulling Adam with me into the pit, and next thing I know I was sitting outside Stull with a headache. "
In hindsight, he couldn't believe he had thought drinking demon blood was a
"What do you mean,
They had seemed a very... traditional couple to Cas. So different from his own family that they could be perfect opposites. There were days in which he wished his father had been more like John Winchester, just so that Cas had been better prepared to deal with life outside the family protection. Other days, like when Dean tried to pretend that it didn't hurt that his father hadn't called him to wish him a happy birthday, he was glad that Father had always been indifferent to things like sexual preferences.
But now only Raphael stood in Heaven. He still wished to bring the Apocalypse to Earth. As far as he was concerned, the mud monkeys had overstayed their welcome. It was time for a new order, and no one would stand on his way.
*             *             *
Sam was going to kill Raphael with his bare hands even if that meant he had to climb his way up to Heaven.  And then he was going to kill Samandiriel just to make himself feel better, because both angels had effectively stolen his brother from him.
Dean and Cas kept hunting, living in the bunker and training new hunters as they met them. Chuck was no longer writing their fate, but that didn’t mean the world stopped and became a perfect postcard. It only meant that their hunts no longer had the fate of the world in their hands.
"Derringer!" Grant yelled, calling the attention of the mute mechanic. "You want to talk about the case, come here."
The angel’s voice was grave, and it sounded as if it was not used to sound so rhythmical. But it melded perfectly with the instruments as he kept singing in a language the Shadow knew was called Spanish.
"With Michael unjustly trapped, Raphael is the last of our brothers who can give us Father's orders," Charoun said, still not moving, Castiel adjusted his grip on his sword, still hidden in the same space between atoms where most of his true form was. While he didn't doubt that Charoun could see it, he was not going to attack first. "You are disobeying our Father's Will, Brother. You are not better than Lucifer."
After the apocalypse that wasn't, Castiel now appreciated the irony of it. After all, all angels, from the lowliest cupid to the most powerful archangel, were just waiting for their Father to come back and tell them what to do.
"I... thought he was with you," Sam answered, looking confused. It was an expression Bobby knew well, from the days when John had left the two boys under his care where he went off hunting clues to the Yellow Eyed Demon's whereabouts. "Do you think he did this? He promised me he wouldn't try it..."
"Which is impossible," Samandiriel said and, when he realized that not all of the people in the room knew what he and Castiel were talking about, decided to take pity on the humans and elaborate. "After Michael defeated Lucifer, Father commanded that we all should try to understand humanity better, and walk for a year among them so we would learn to love humanity."
There was something about this men that made him want to trust them, even if so far they hadn't really done a thing to earn his trust.
But Cas couldn't remember seeing Dean angry at him. Not once, in 24 months, three weeks, four days and 15 hours of knowing the other man.
Castiel frowned. "What do you mean?"
*             *             *
Dean signed, his face completely closed.
As for which afterlife ended up claiming the God of Hunters? Well, the negotiations are still ongoing so I will have to get back to you on that.
Fixing it with magic was cheating.
The darkness started to recede, and Dean finally saw Cas, asleep and still half covered with whatever that was the Empty. His eyes were closed and his mouth curved in a small smile. At least, it didn’t look as if he had been suffering a nightmare, and for that Dean was grateful as he kneeled down and kept singing.
And now, when he had head that finally some feds were willing to look into Chris's death... apparently one of the feds was insane.
Before Dean could reply, Castiel interrupted.
It reminded him of that first year hunting with Dean, when they were looking for their dad. If there was one thing that Winchesters knew how to do, it was to keep themselves hidden, from law enforcement, from supernatural creatures on revenge fueled trips, even from other hunters when needed. But this was too much. Not even John had managed to keep himself completely out of sight, and from time to time, reports of him being in town would crop up. Not so with Dean. Ellen, after almost chewing Sam and Bobby's head for not calling her sooner, had started some very discreet  inquiries with the hunters she trusted. After Sam had killed Lilith, most hunters had decided that he was something else to be hunted and thus, it was difficult to ask for help. Jo had teamed up with one of Bobby's friends, a gangly guy who seemed as if the wind could blow him over named Garth, and they also had their eyes and ears opened for anything that sounded like Dean.   As far as Sam knew, Castiel hadn't gone back to Heaven, instead searching for Dean with the same  fervor that he had while looking for God all over the world, and Gabriel
"Well... you said... your family had no plans... and Father... he called and said he wanted to meet you, have the whole family together for Christmas... I... I'm sorry, I should have asked," Cas started apologizing, then frowned. "Wait. You... also said that we're staying with your parents? With John and Mary?"
But Dean kept breathing, and Cas was back to his old sphinx act.
But there was no annoying angel, nor music or snoring or screams of pain. The Empty was silent, and empty except for the Shadow, as it had been on the beginning.
Dean signed, confused since his brother didn't back him up.
Winchesters weren't very good at letting go, he guessed. One more thing that was wrong with Dean here.
"Who knows if you'd remember to get back," Sam finished for Castiel, feeling useless. "Well, at least we know what could cause a man to liquefy and thanks to Dean we have a possible fourth victim. I say we go and talk to officer Grant."
And why  she couldn't remember  how she had tried to erase the runes on Dean's ribs?
"He... used to be," Castiel answered, sadly. "At least, I thought he was."
Dean was about to yell indignantly when he realized Cas was smiling. And the warmth in his chest grew.
“I prayed to Jack, do you think he…?” Sam confessed. It was a possibility, Dean supposed. But he thought that if the kid was keeping an eye on them despite promising he’d be hands off, he’d at least heal Dean enough so that he wouldn’t be spitting blood.
Seeing that agent Disney Princess was not paying attention to him, Dean turned to the other agent, the older one who was looking at him as if he had grown a second head.
He looked at Dean, while returning Jack’s embrace.
Fully awake, as if the annoying angel and the serenade were still ringing.
Sam’s face was a mixture of bitchface #3, when things didn’t go the way Sam expected, and such obvious relief that Dean couldn’t help but laugh. Because yes, his brother was happy but also worried. And Dean couldn’t blame him. They weren’t supposed to get miracles anymore. With Chuck being completely human, the Winchesters were no longer “Main characters” or had “Plot armor”, whatever the hell that meant.
"Fair enough," Sam said, raising his hands in the usual way that placated Dean when he got angry at him.  He waited until Dean was out of the door to look at Bobby, but the other man shook his head. It was not the time to make questions yet.
Of course, he wasn't a fool. Even if Dean had ended up being Dean, Bobby didn't let his guard down around Sam until the boy had passed every single test Bobby could think off, up and including making him jump over a Holy Fire ring and check that he wasn't expelled by an angel banishing sigil.
It was different from the noise they had always heard. Constant and repeating, but calming.
And ok, Dean had a point, Sam admitted in his head. But he could’ve said it in a nicer way.
The mortal said clearly. But instead of a normal, human voice, the voice that Castiel had grown to like in the course of two years on Earth, what came out of Dean's mouth was clearly the true voice of an angel. Same pitch, same volume. Same destructive properties, since Castiel could hear the front lights of the Impala shatter. "
Given how Cas was glaring at him, Dean was not sure the angel would’ve looked for him in heaven.
