Stupid Karma.
“Don’t worry Linda, I’ll keep her from burning the house down and dyeing dogs blue,” Jack solemnly promised, which earned him an elbow in the ribs.
We had cleaned up the roof properly, but the damage was done. There was a huge black stain on the roof, and the chitchatting chickens were no longer with us. (Jack seemed positively gleeful about that last one. Traitor.) We had planned to simply tell Linda and Uncle Harry what happened, minus the part where we stupidly ventured out next to a huge pile of metal on the roof in a thunderstorm. Because, hello, have you met us? Jack and I are extremely smart people who wouldn’t even think of doing stupid things like going to roofs during thunderstorms. Totally.
“I swear that roof is haunted, Jackie. There are strange noises coming from it all the time, you’ve heard them! Do you really want to deal with ghosts right now?” I muttered, because it’s true. That roof was definitely haunted, because the statues up there definitely didn’t move by themselves. (Yes, we keep statues on our roof. Get used to it.)
Lucky for my dumb self, I saw the robot hurtling toward me just in time, and quickly darted out of the way. (I also proceeded to slip and fall on my ass, but whatever.)
I was eight when I was rescued (I mean, adopted) by Uncle Harry from the state orphanage.
“You know how much trouble we’ll get in if we do this—” Jack began, but I cut him off.
I sighed. Why must cynical human beings always ruin my magnificent plans?
But of course, Jack ignored me and went to the roof. And just our luck, it had started to rain.
“Don’t be ridiculous, Jack Thorn. Where’s your sense of adventure?” I paced around the house, looking for my boots. Because the house was finally left to us, and I’ll be damned if I let myself waste this opportunity. Sue me.
Now, with my infamous attire, absolute lack of posh manners, two left feet and a rather huge err… dislike for dancing, you can probably tell that Linda and I don’t exactly agree on the same things.
“Sorry, woke up a bit late today,” I muttered as I took my seat next to a wiry woman, about thirty-five years old, with honey-blond hair and dark brown eyes, who is also known as Linda Brown, my caretaker.
And that was it. Since that day, it was me and Jack, against the world. It wasn’t quite what I expected, but hey, it worked. And once I saw the flower crowns he had made to celebrate our friendship the next day, well. I might’ve cried in gratitude, but I shall admit nothing.
My day started as I woke up to the sound of yelling, cursing and shouting. For any normal person, this would be cause of alarm. But me? Oh no. A literal chimpanzee could waltz into my room and start quoting Shakespeare, and I wouldn’t bat an eye. Although I admit, the picture of an ape reciting Romeo and Juliet is pretty entertaining.
A terrifying caretaker, a boy who preferred picking flowers to playing games, a girl who wore trousers, and a mad scientist. We were quite a weird family, but hey, we were a bloody fantastic one if I do say so myself.
The previous version of the chitchatting chickens were a little… unpopular, to say the least. It was probably due to the fact they had run around the house, spouting verses of Shakespeare to anyone who would listen. I shivered. I still had nightmares about those things.
“Do you have any idea how this could have happened?” the headmaster had said, in a tone that clearly revealed that he was sure the answer was yes, even though he had no evidence.
(nothing graphic, but I do want to forewarn people anyway)
Sherlock sighed impatiently. “The most infuriating and exhausting possible course of action.”
“They’re just trying to help,” said John, as there was obviously no point delaying this conversation.
gestures of kindness. Like something John would do.
… And yet.
Sherlock shrugged carelessly. “Look, I just think whenever Moriarty decides it’s time to kill me, he’ll find a more original way to do it than just deploying his sniper like for everyone else.”
Lestrade looked at John with some concern in his expression, but Sherlock found looking at John was too much of a challenge at present, and instead focused on the meager pile of belongings that had to have been the cabbies.
“One less thing for me to worry about,” sighed John, dressing the wrist.
John said nothing. There was no point in saying much of anything.
Sherlock had no idea how to deal with distraught people.
Young Sherlock, for his part, picked up his book and dusted off the cover. He looked down at his would-be tormenter, and wiped his nose on the back of his sleeve. “Are we clear?” he said coolly.
He hurried along, racing down corridors and through deserted security checkpoints in the general direction of the southwest corner of the building. His only real advantage was that he was familiar with the hallways, entrances, and exits of the building, while Moran was not. But the most that might accomplish would be to shorten Moran’s lead. The deafening, rhythmic screech of fire alarms throughout the building felt like a particularly dire countdown.
“I’m no one. I’m—“
“You sure?” asked John.
AND THAT'S ALL I'M GONNA SAY
Yellow spray paint made up a handful of unusual symbols painted across the door, still drying in some places. The symbols stretched the length of the door, so large and bright that they would be easily visible from across the street, and possibly several houses down the street in either direction.
“I wouldn’t be going to watch, I’d be going to
“I just hope I can get enough in one minute,” said Sherlock, still looking at Shan.
"So. Handshake, and you die," said Sherlock, choosing his next words with great care.
John considered the question for a moment. “I want to be able to go to a suspense movie without you ruining the ending four minutes in.”
“Take comfort in the fact that you’ve taken the moral high ground,” John suggested, to which Sherlock groaned.
to avoid the pitfalls of having feelings—wasn’t so out of touch with the nuances of human emotion that he couldn’t tell that this, for John, changed everything. It made it more personal. And there was obviously some element of guilt, written all over John’s face, that made no sense to Sherlock.
At least Mycroft's stopped being such a moron.
Sherlock nodded once more, and again exchanged a look with Mycroft. Where John’s expression was nervous, Mycroft’s expression was hard, inscrutable to anyone but Sherlock.
As soon as the door closed, John leapt to the window and crouched down, peering after Sherlock through the window. He could see Sherlock crossing the street, but something wasn’t right. He stared after Sherlock before realizing that Sherlock was not wearing his usual black coat but John’s too-small jacket over a simple jumper. John blinked, trying to think if he’d ever seen Sherlock minus the coat in public.
“Oh.” Mrs. Hudson stepped fully into view and joined them in the entryway. She gave the woman a reassuring smile. “Here, dear, you can hang your coat by the door, if you like…”
The second puzzle was to reveal how wide his network reached.
(1) Missed Call: Lestrade
,” said Sherlock with relish. “I have a feeling this may be one of those times.”
“No shit, Sherlock,” said John, setting his cup down and hopelessly trying to wipe tea off his clothes. “What do you mean he’s a criminal mastermind?”
A third figure, a man dressed impeccably in a tailored suit, stood near the car, leaning on an umbrella with an air of casual disinterest.
Sherlock, what have you gotten yourself into
Sherlock steepled his fingers in front of his mouth.
At least, he hoped so.
His feet carried him to a few street corners, where he checked the usual locations where his Homeless would leave paper notes. There was nothing new there. No new distractions.
This chapter ended up being an unexpectedly challenging one to write, mostly due to the rather drastic shift in tone from lighthearted conversation to a lot of drama with Moran making his getaway. Making the transitions flow how I wanted them to was not as straightforward as I had anticipated… That, and I lost a chunk of the chapter when I backed up my computer and it freaked out — luckily I was able to get  most of it back through the powers of UNIX… so glad my knowledge of computer code is paying off in my personal life as well as work…
Sherlock lunged towards the cab and slammed a hand on the closest of the car’s doors, reaching for the handle, but the cab roared to life and sped down the street before he could seize hold of anything. Sherlock snarled and sprinted after it, following for a few dozen yards before the cab turned at the nearest intersection and was lost to view.
He automatically started running through the checks, asking the questions that determined what he did and how quickly he needed to do it. Was he breathing? Was he bleeding? Was he conscious?
John looked about, and he saw why.
There had definitely been something of a shoot-out here, between the Black Lotus and the Yard as the Black Lotus made their escape. But there were no bodies. Miraculously, there were no bodies anywhere.
"Shut up," said Sherlock randomly.
dead,” corrected John. “I’m not anymore.”
Like I said, I'm really really really excited about this next arc of the story, so I hope you all enjoy it. I'd love your feedback, as your comments mean a lot to me -- most of all, thanks for reading! <3
Sherlock Holmes came across as a sarcastic, rude, and irritable sort of fellow, standing in a long coat with a scarf bundled around his neck, his collar turned up in a fashion that made him seem either pretentious or vampiric. But, on closer inspection, Holmes' credentials were largely chemistry-based, with some forensics, making him at least an interesting candidate. His name was floating around on the internet in connection with the resolution of some small cases. A few robberies, one or two missing-persons…
John looked up at him in surprise. “Where are you going?”
Sherlock looked John up and down. He wanted to say no, repeatedly, as many times as it took for John to just leave him alone and let him take care of himself. But as stubborn as he was, he could see John was just as stubborn.
**throws everything**
Sherlock clapped his hands together. “Why not? He’s dead. He’s beyond any repercussion. And he was a genius. Brilliant enough to evade the police completely. I love the brilliant ones—they're always so desperate to get caught. They crave appreciation. Applause. A moment in the spotlight. That's the frailty of genius, John. It needs an audience.”
“But I didn’t kill them.”
She might keep it there for twenty-five years, seven months, two days, twenty hours, and sixteen minutes. And then remember, and set it free.
John sighed. “We don’t have time to stand around, and we can’t stay here. There’s nothing we can use if we need to take cover, and even if we managed anyway, then we’re still just sitting around in the exact place where they’re going to be looking for you. If you take care to only touch my jacket, I’m sure we’re fine. So let’s
And when his eyes were dry again and the night hours were becoming morning hours, John tried to sleep, and dreamed about roads made from photographs of the dead winding across the dunes of the Khash west of Sangin.
“Get out,” said Mycroft sharply.
Lestrade blinked. “I don’t…?”
~o~O~o~
. We’ve barely slept in four days, and not at all in the last two. As much as we’ve been fixated on finding our sniper, this will all keep until morning.”
Sherlock slammed the lid of the box shut and picked it up off the hood of Mycroft’s car. John thought he made something of a point of letting the box drag and scratch the paint. “I’m not running away. There’s no reason for me to leave.”
“Dully noted.”
Sherlock crouched over the body, studying the dead corpse and observing the man’s clothes while taking in mind the discoloration of the man’s skin. The detective stood up and signaled John to check out the body as well.
John was relieved that Sherlock spoke first. “
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Mycroft never texts if he can talk. Look, Andrew West stole the missile plans, tried to sell them, got his head smashed in for his pains, end of story… the only mystery is this — why’s my brother so determined to bore me when somebody else is being so delightfully interesting?”
The detective couldn’t help the enormous smile gracing his lips, god he loved how John wasn’t terribly slow and Sherlock knew that he’d seen this place before but his lovely John managed to beat him to the punch. “Then let’s go.”
John looked back at Eric. “
John placed his tea on the small table next to him and stood up, he walked towards Sherlock’s violin and picked it up. He didn’t really know how to play an instrument besides the clarinet. John eyed the beautiful violin when his thoughts went back to the detective deducing Eric and John had the strangest idea that perhaps the reason why Sherlock did what he did was because the detective was… jealous.
Before they even reached the handle to the door, a bomb went off. The impact of the explosion caused Sherlock and John to fall back, they were both lifted off their feet and thrown against hard objects. Sherlock was thrown against the wall that was in between the kitchen and the door leading to the stairs. The Alpha banged his head against the shattered pieces of wood breaking down and was thrown face down onto the floor.
“It is a weakness with me but to be fair to myself, it is my only weakness. You can’t be allowed to continue. You just can’t.”
“She’s dead.” Lestrade offered.
John was surprised as to how this man knew he wanted to get the knives. He backed away and tried to see what else he could use against this Sherlock.
John then dropped down to a walkway that was located on the side of the building, with Sherlock behind him, they ran down another set of stairs and ended up in an alleyway. Sherlock surpassed John and pulled up his mental map again and was pleased to see that the blond knew where he was going. If they calculated this accurately, they should come upon the taxi at the end of the alley but the taxi passed them.
The blond smiled happily, John seemed to brighten up a bit.
Mary turned around, eyeing everyone in the station when she spotted James Sholto. “Vampires!”
Miss Wenceslas snorted. “That painting has been subjected to every test known to science.”
“Made it back in a week. That’s how he made easy money.”
“No jumpers. People who chuck themselves in front of trains. Selfish bastards.”
John faced the detective and pushed him. “
Lestrade shakes his head disapprovingly and laughs, “I need to find you a case so I can prevent you from insulting and humiliating people.”
John faced the detective, “
Sherlock looks at the body and begins to deduce the dead woman when he abruptly faced Lestrade. “Shut up.”
“Careful, John. You’ll regret these words when I have you at the palm of my hand. Whether you like it or not, you’re mine already. You just need to come to terms with it. And if pain is the only way you’ll see that, then I’d be more than happy to oblige and give you pain.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes and turned Greg’s attention to his brother. The Beta greeted the boy and in a motherly sense, Greg stood by Sherlock’s side throughout the entire party. The events happened in a slow fashion; Greg went up and thanked everyone for coming, gave a boring speech, and ended the speech with asking everyone to drink and have a good time.
Sherlock dramatically threw himself onto the couch, stretching his legs and arms while blankly staring into the abyss.
The boy’s fair skin was morphing into a dangerous red color that pushed Sherlock to throw his head back and hit Victor in the face. Victor groaned at the pain but it was shortly lived due to the fact that the hit was equivalent to someone hitting him with a pillow. The Alpha grew tired of the Omega boy fighting against him, so Victor lifted himself from Sherlock’s puny body and flipped the boy onto his back.
Mrs. Hudson slapped Sherlock’s shoulder. “No there isn’t a pie to be baked.” She looked at John. “Oh, sorry John. I didn’t mean to embarrass you but I couldn’t help rambling about your sexiness.”
John hissed at the impactful blow but that didn’t stop John from fighting back. John pushed himself off the wall and kneed Sebastian in the stomach, causing Moran to double over and nearly knocking Sebastian onto the ground.  But in a matter of seconds, Sebastian swallowed down the pain in his abdomens and delivered a punch across John’s face.
“Well, how could I leave you alone if the party doesn’t start when I walk in?”
“Don’t mind if I do.”
“I knew you’d get there eventually. West wasn’t killed here, that’s why there was so little blood.”
Sherlock exaggerated the amount of smoke slipping past his lips and snorted, looking back at his group and winking at them before he faced John again. “Can we help you?”
Sherlock looked at the name tag on the man’s pectoral and with an irritated sigh, he said, “Thank you for finally showing up, Victor.”
With that, Liz entered her home while John thought over the case and the information he managed to obtain. John unhurriedly crossed the street and hailed a cab, going straight to 221B.
“Nice holiday, Mr Ewart?” Sherlock randomly asked.
After a few hours of being unconscious on the floor, Sherlock lazily opened his eyes and groaned when everything was blurry and hazy. The Alpha tried to move his body but everything felt heavy as if he were made of lead. Sherlock slowly sat up and leaned his entire body weight on his elbow while he pushed back the damp curls from his forehead.
In an empty theater, a woman, Professor Cairns was editing a documentary concerning space. The documentary spoke about different planets and the fascinating facts belonging to each planet. The projector was reflecting off a screen, creating bright lights throughout the dark room. Professor Cairns kept editing the documentary when she heard the door behind her close.
It was a shortly lived ‘hello’ when Sherlock deduced that the boy with the kind eyes and blond hair was his neighbor. John was the first boy who ever tried to be friends with Sherlock; of course, that was when Sherlock was happy and naïve. Since then, Sherlock developed an innocent crush towards the blond boy but it never lasted for long.
Sherlock happily walked away while John appeared by his side, “I am on fire!”
Mrs Monkford suspiciously eyed Sherlock. “I’m sorry. Who? I don’t think he ever mentioned you.”
“Obviously, but why were they painted? Want to communicate, why not use email?” The detective said as he looked through the dead man’s pockets, while eying the blond.
“Excellent!” John was startled at the detective’s reaction. “How, when and why? Is there a connection? There has to be.”
Lestrade slapped Mycroft’s arm for pinching his bum. “I’ll be right back.” The D.I. smiled and smacked Mycroft’s bottom as he walked away with a proud smirk.
Sebastian took a few steps back, giving John a deadly gaze and promptly making his way towards Jim. John looked back at Sherlock, ready to continue where they left off when the taller boy swiftly stood on his feet and hungrily smiled at John. Sherlock was hunching over a bit but stood his ground, feeling the droplets of blood slipping from his face and falling onto the ground.
“Let’s ask him.”
Sherlock and John went to Scotland Yard, keen on finding Greg and offering Lestrade the solution to their case.
So, why on earth would he start making a list of weaknesses that involved John Watson?
Sherlock looked at John. “Actually, I’ve just locked my keys in my flat.”
Sherlock stopped circling John and stood before the boy, brushing his thumb across John’s cheek. “Do you have any idea who I am?”
Jim made small dance movements while his hands were in his pockets, taking baby steps towards Sherlock. “Oh, did you like the little touch I added by giving Johnny boy my number. You see, my number was meant for you sugar plum but when I saw John Watson… oof, he struck me like lightning and overrode my attention for you to him. Touch of jealousy never hurt anybody, did it?”
“Problem.”
The detective observed the blond’s chest and stood up from his seat. “I see the constant fighting lessons has improved your physique.”
Jim charged towards John, shouting rabidly. “He is responsible from pulling you away from the flames that only the devil can create! And ya know what’s pathetic? Is that you actually come down to earth for John Watson and that only made me realize that you’re a puppet waiting for someone to pull your strings and make you dance. So, you see Sherlock, my point is that now, you’re in my way.”
“Good job, sunshine. Want me to give you a round of applause or should I just let you go and finish your assignments for biology which you’re obviously behind on.”
John rolled his eyes and walked into the rain. Sherlock blocked him, “Please, you can stay in my flat for tonight. Your flat is blocks away and you’ll be completely soaked. I don’t mind if you stay here.” He pointed at the building next to Speedy’s.
John nodded as he turned to face the detective, their noses softly grazing against one another as they both stared into each other’s eyes. Sherlock looked inside John’s eyes and immediately noticed that unexplainable sensations were bursting through his body. The detective noticed that his heart was beating faster than its usual pace, it was audible to his ears, the mild yet firm heartbeat… a sound he wasn’t used to hearing.
“Killing someone who might have the location of the hair pin you’re looking for. But to ease your conscious, I’ll let you in on something.” The detective managed to knock out one of Shan’s men. “John doesn’t have the slightest clue as to where the pin is, so, kidnapping him was pretty useless. And killing him would make no difference. But since you needed me, I guess you were smart enough to kidnap him.”
John cocked the gun and faced Kirk, “You left me with no choice, captain.”
Sherlock’s eyes followed Lestrade. “Lestrade, I may need a bit of fresh air.” Sherlock got up and went inside his bedroom to quickly change.
John got up from his seat and turned on the television in the restaurant. Sherlock watched John walking away and Sherlock couldn’t help the shine in his eyes become brighter, he really did adore John.
The black car rolled away and John entered the flat, taking up his new clothes to his room. He deposited the heavy load onto his bed and went back downstairs to see if Sherlock was here. The blond searched through every room and the detective was nowhere to be found.
Sherlock quickly turned around and observed John.
Greg heard Sherlock’s deductions and uncomfortably scratched the back of his head. “Jesus, alright. We’ll start looking for the mother.”
“Bye buttercup.” Sherlock crooned, grinning wolfishly at the hateful gaze John gave him before the two disappeared from Sherlock’s sight.
Moriarty smirked and walked away, purposely taking slow and steady steps. “You haven’t figured it out yet, have you?”
But the blond couldn’t go running around the streets of London with Sherlock for he needed to earn money in order to pay the rent. So, there were times where John couldn’t join the detective for, he had to work. Due to this, Lestrade was a victim to Sherlock’s odd mood swings and they only happened when the blond couldn’t go with the detective to a crime scene.
Professor Cairns turned around, placing a hand over her eyes to see through the projection light but she saw no one approaching her. The woman shrugged and continued with her work. The Golem suddenly appeared behind her, slowly approaching the woman when his massive hand came over her face, suffocating the woman.
“He was waiting for the killer. He’d been threatened.”
“Oh good! You’re finally catching up. I’m sorry I was internally vomiting at the sight of you displaying sentiment towards a nobody.”
They noticed a Chinese market stand and Sherlock looked at all the numbers.
Mrs. Hudson couldn’t stop her comments. “Oh now, don’t be shy. You really are. Look at that face, those eyes, your hair, and I’m sure your body is not disappointing. You’d be a delicious treat to whoever captures your heart.” She wiggled her eyebrows towards Sherlock. “Am I not right Sherlock?”
Mycroft held his umbrella and walked away. “Sherlock, from what I saw and heard from your little conversation. Its seems that you truly insulted that man. A word of advice, don’t expect him to accept your apology in a heartbeat.” With that the elder Holmes left, leaving Sherlock in doubt.
Sherlock smoothly grazed his nose across John’s strands and rested his chin over the Omega’s head.
Mycroft insured Mrs Hudson with enough money to live out the rest of her life and provided illegal passage so that Mrs Hudson and her sister could leave London for good. As of right now, Mrs Hudson and her sister were living in a small cottage on the outskirts of Paris. Since her departure, Sherlock stayed back with his Omega partner, John Watson.
Sherlock chuckled, grinning widely and dragging his thumb across John’s lower lip. “Why don’t you just admit that we’re perfect together? Think about it, just you and me against the rest of the world.”
The detective buttoned up his coat, “Relax, you’re doing fine. Fancy a walk?”
“It’s in the garage, all the way in the back. Here’s the remote to open the garage door.”
Jim’s words were stained with disappointment, “Oh Sherlock, Sherlock. Of course, you see everything on the outside but you fail to see what goes on inside.”
A long silence stretched between them when John finally gave up, “
Sally snorted. “So, you’re still his boyfriend?”
“And?” Dimmock asked in annoyance.
“Of course.”
John remained frozen as he intently gazed into Sherlock’s eyes. “How do you know my name?”
“Hm.”
The Omega boy snorted, no wonder this Alpha was sexually deprived. The boy opened the box and quickly slipped on his dress shoes, he nodded in approval and faced the Alpha.
Not a healthier option but cigarettes were more manageable. Since the incident with… Sherlock shook his head and abandoned those painful memories of his past. Sherlock returned to enjoying his cigarette and after taking a few drags, the Alpha sneered in disgust and hid his fangs from the public with his hand.
“Hm?”
If the boy wanted to run, he’d basically hit the wall.
John became infuriated at the notion of using his gun against the Alpha, was pointless. John came to stand ten feet away from the Alpha when the Omega snarled in aggravation and chucked his gun to the side. If he couldn’t kill the vampire with his gun, then he’ll have to improvise with his hands. Sherlock didn’t run out of ammo but when John flung his weapon to the side; the Alpha was certain that John remembered who he was and based on his calculations, they’ll kiss and makeup in a train station (of all places).
The blond pinched the bridge of his nose. “
Sherlock angrily threw the vial across the room and grabbed a scalpel, pressing the blade against Jim’s throat. “You are using John as leverage! You’re using him as a buffer! So, I will ask one more time. What do you want from me?!”
John exhaled loudly and grabbed a napkin and quickly dipped it into a glass of water. Sherlock was so concentrated on the window, nothing could capture his attention, until he felt someone cleaning his chin. The detective didn’t move a muscle but his eyes shifted to see John wiping something off his chin.
“Fancy a biscuit with that?” Sherlock asked.
John didn’t even blink when the woman pulled the trigger but thankfully, the gun wasn’t loaded.
Sherlock looked down at the man’s hand. “No.”
Mycroft and Sherlock stared at John in complete shock. Two distinct faces were creeping into their features. Mycroft was alarmed; his eyes widened in disbelief, not wanting to believe that his Gregory slept with John. Sherlock on the other hand, looked defeated and utterly depressed, the detective couldn’t believe that fucking George beat him to getting John.
P.s. I know I say this every chapter but don’t forget that John is mute and his entire dialogue is italicized.
John quickly went to take away the scary cat from Sherlock when John noticed the distinct smell clinging to the cat. Sherlock noticed the slight halt John took to smell the cat before John gave the cat to Mr Prince.
The entire kingdom was eager to see the most awaited wedding between their Prince Sherlock Holmes and his husband to be, Prince John Watson. Out of the entire Holmes family, the one who should have been appointed king was Mycroft Holmes, the elder. Except Mycroft had no interest in becoming a king, he preferred having a seat among the knights who were treasured in the king’s round table.
The blond faced Sherlock. “
“Will do. Farewell John.”
Sherlock smirked as he looked out at the Thames. “Inference, the dead man knew something about it, something that would stop the owner getting paid 30 million pounds. The picture’s a fake.”
The Omega boy looked down at himself and wanted to cry so badly, how could someone want Sherlock for who he was? How could the perfect Alpha even notice a feeble Omega like him? Who on earth would want damaged goods like him? It was no use trying to get this Alpha’s attention, the man would never waste his valuable time admiring a flimsy Omega like himself.
“What’s new about this one? You wouldn’t have come to get me if there wasn’t something different.”
Sentiment, how dull and boring.
Lestrade’s mouth had been open in awe the entire time and from there on, Greg contacted Sherlock almost everyday when he needed help with a case. Thanks to the opportunity, Sherlock left behind the inclination to do drugs and substituted injecting heroin into his veins for solving crimes. Though, if Sherlock were honest with himself, he could never truly leave behind the drugs, so from time to time, he’d have a few hits and lay unconscious on the floor.
“Appreciation! Applause! At long last the spotlight. That’s the frailty of genius, John: it needs an audience.”
Well, why did he pull away from John’s warmth and rejected the opportunity of succumbing to any man’s desires?
John chuckled. “
The detective went into an alley, where a ladder stood above them. “No one’s been in that flat for at least three days.”
The door flung open and Mycroft stepped inside. “Ah, my favorite little brother still exists. That’s lovely to know.”
“Yes.” Mycroft responded quickly.
The ship was furiously jerked to the side, everyone was sliding in one direction, trying to grab onto something while bearing the horrible sound booming throughout the ship. Then suddenly, the ship was righted upward and the electricity throughout the entire ship was functional again. Everyone shakily stood on their feet when the screen before them provided a static image.
John gave a nod to Mr Ewart and joined Sherlock outside, “
John waved a hand. “
This was the second step to starting a revolution and the last step to commencing a full rebellion against the government was the removal of rights for Alphas. Once that statement was pronounced throughout London’s televisions, radios, internet, and social media; Alphas lost their position in supremacy.
“Clings to the walls like an insect.” The detective headed towards a window located at the roof, opening it. “That’s how he got in.”
“John Watson.” Liz said as she faced John. “This is Joe my brother. John’s trying to find out what happened to Westie, Joe.”
Sherlock was in deep thought that he barely missed Mrs Hudson coming back and leaving the basket of clean clothes on an armchair. The detective shook his head and picked himself up, he walked towards the kitchen and decided to continue his experiments.
The first to turn at the voice was Sherlock and the boy only caught a glimpse of black converse and dark colored jeans. Sherlock smirked, knowing that he’d be able to leave this person in tears and making the person regret their effort in being brave. Sherlock turned his entire body towards the stranger interrupting their ‘get together’ when Sherlock felt his body freezing completely.
In his relationship with John; there would be a surplus of violence. Of course, there would violence inflicted upon John whenever his little scorpion needed a scolding or whenever John needed a reminder as to who he belonged too. But the essential use of violence would be manifested to those who Sherlock and John deemed promising to endure a life of pain and suffering.
“Botox is a diluted form of botulinum. Among other things. Raoul de Santos was employed to give Connie her regular facial injections. My contact at the Home Office gave me the complete records of Raoul’s internet purchases. He’s been bulk ordering Botox for months. Bided his time, then upped the strength of a fatal dose.”
John rested his hands on the steering wheel. “
(See the end of the chapter for
Victor grabbed the boy’s throat and snarled, “
John narrowed his eyes as he looked back at Sebastian.
Molly happily shook her head. “Yeah.”
The taste was equivalent to drinking the devil’s blood and my fucking god, Sherlock couldn’t get enough of it. The flavor of copper melting against his tongue was enough to make his cock squirt out ropes of semen. Sherlock came with a grunt; he braced his forearm against the wall and continued milking his cock until the only thing left were aftershocks.
The Alpha wanted to drown himself in the fragrance of wildflowers being covered in honey. The scent alone made John desire to suckle on the aroma while hearing the boy’s high-pitched cries below him as John’s colossal cock would tear apart the boy’s tight and virgin ass. It was truly, a dream waiting to come true.
“Of course, yeah — but what mistake?!” Lestrade was still not understanding anything.
Soo Lin exhaled loudly. “Oh, yes. He’s my brother. Two orphans. We had no choice. We could work for the Black Lotus, or starve on the streets, like beggars. My brother has become their puppet. In the power of the one they call Shan. The Black Lotus General. I turned my brother away. He said I had betrayed him. Next day, I came to work and the cipher was waiting.”
John took out his phone. “
Sherlock nodded, “Exactly. They provide a very special service. If you’ve got any kind of problem — money troubles, bad marriage, whatever — Janus Cars will help you disappear. Ian Monkford was up to his eyes in some kind of trouble — financial at a guess, he’s a banker — couldn’t see a way out. But if he were to vanish, if the car he hired was found abandoned with his blood over the driver’s seat…”
Sherlock shook off those warm and foreign sensations traveling through his body and changed the topic. “Come on. We’ve got a bit of burglary to do.”
Sherlock saw the huge amount of blood on his hands and on his trousers. “We need to get you to a hospital, immediately. Can you stand?”
“No, no, no. The buttons are stiff, hardly touched. He set his alarm like that a long time ago. But there’s something else. The killer must have been interrupted, otherwise he would have stripped the corpse completely. There was some kind of badge or insignia on the shirt front that he tore off, suggesting the dead man works somewhere recognizable, some kind of institution.”
Sherlock pointed at a picture frame across the room, asking Mr Ewart, “Is that one a Mazda?”
John chuckled. “
Molly didn’t understand what was happening. “W-What?”
Sherlock was on the verge of losing his mind when he pushed open a metal door, he found himself in a room filled with hospital beds. Sherlock took in the aroma of the room, flaring his nostrils, growling at the plague of disinfectant becoming too powerful for his sensitive nose. From what Sherlock could tell, this must be an illegal hospital with a lack of patients.
John’s blood was valuable on the market, for what reason, the Omega had no idea. But John was certain that his blood was desired for an obscure purpose. And it was no surprise that his current case, which involved ending the bloodline of Jim Moriarty, was connected to the hunt for his own life.
The detective turned around, surprise written all over his features when he saw it was John. “What the hell was that for? You could have hit me!”
“Very. We think West must have taken the memory stick. We can’t possibly risk it falling into the wrong hands.”
The detective faced the kitchen and saw Anderson. “Anderson, what are you doing here on a drugs bust?”
Lestrade rolled his eyes at the detective. “And you can’t withhold evidence. And technically, I didn’t break into your flat.”
“Why would you be giving me a clue?”
John stared at the phone and then looked at Sherlock. The detective smiled as he saw the phone ringing. “A few hours after his last victim, and now he receives a text that can only be from her. If somebody had just found that phone they’d ignore a text like that, but the murderer…” Sherlock paused dramatically until the phone stopped ringing. “… would panic.” He closed the lid to the suitcase and walked across the room to retrieve his coat.
Yet, exposing the truth about John’s disgusting parents during the wedding and ruining John’s name was not exactly the traditional gift a groom must give to his future husband. Sherlock was not looking forward to that outcome but that didn’t mean that Sherlock couldn’t devise another plan that didn’t involve destroying the wedding and being the topic of scandal for months in their kingdom.
The Omega boy moaned when he felt the trickles of slick drooling out of his pink puckered ass, he forced his legs together so as the hide the scent of arousal that he was close to emitting. The boy felt himself becoming hot, he almost believed that he caught a fever for he started to sweat. Sherlock touched his forehead and felt his curls becoming damp.
“Um, think about what Sebastian told us. About Van Coon, about how he stayed afloat in the market.”
Sherlock extended his bloodied hand before him and pushed himself to move, he forced his bruised limbs to stand up. Sherlock clumsily managed to stand on his feet but the Alpha was disoriented, he recklessly stumbled forward and landed on his knees.
All of John’s friends leaned back in their seats, giving each other an
“And have you both finally succumbed to admitting your sexual feelings towards each other?”
“Are you both a couple or not?”
“I cracked it. Nine mill for Jade pin. Dragon den, black tramway.”
John rolled his eyes. “
Betas received the same laws as Omegas and Alphas were proud to dominate their entitlement in society by controlling Omegas and Betas. Betas were subdued to survive the harassments of Alphas, they were treated with physical, verbal, and mental abuse. As predicted, Betas formed marches in the streets and joined the Omegas to regain their appurtenance in society.
Sherlock was in his flat, sitting in his armchair with his eyes closed and his hands under his chin forming a pyramid, his usual thinking stance. He heard Mrs. Hudson roaming away downstairs and making tea, as always. His mind was racing around with one prominent word,
“Quite clear.”
“Then explain to me, what is happening in these photographs?”
“You are correct in that sense but you’re wrong in your first assumption. Mr Prince didn’t kill his sister. She was murdered for revenge.”
The blond waved goodbye to the older man. “
The detective narrowed his eyes. “Are we done here?”
John scoffed. “
It was a painful process; leaving behind the sweet escape of injecting the golden streams of death into his veins. And it wasn’t until the age of eleven, did Sherlock realize that he didn’t want to be anything like Mycroft. The boy didn’t want to be equated as a gentlemen, he didn’t want to suffer the stages of bullying that would eventually appear once everyone knew of the deduction quality that he possessed, he didn’t want to follow orders in respect to keeping the peace and he certainly didn’t want to follow the steps of his brother which included gaining a boring position in the British government.
The blond loomed over the detective. “
John continued his education and he got his degree in medicine and pursued the desire to be doctor. With his heart in his mouth, he went from hospital to hospital trying to get a job. Each hospital wouldn’t give him a job because he was mute. John tried his best to convince those who rejected him that he can flourish in a hospital environment but he was harshly waved away. He gave up trying to get a job as a doctor, then one day he decided to join the army.
John laughed and looked at the entire crew viewing the argument, “Wow, you have all been seriously tricked by him. What did he do? Brainwash all of you? Look, I know I’m not a part of this crew or mission and I’m just a civilian but you must believe me when I say that the most dangerous criminal and enemy is here. And he’s right next to you. Tell them, Moriarty! Tell them what you did to Sherlock and me!”
.” Sherlock faced him. “
Sherlock chuckled. “I knew she had a car hidden somewhere.”
All of it was boring. If the boy died, no one would miss him and that gave Sherlock some comfort. The Omega boy was never meant to be happy and didn’t deserve love, in fact, he didn’t deserve anything. The boy only deserved death and darkness; he’s lived long enough to know what the darker side of reality has to offer him.
The two men walked out of the bank together.
Sherlock and the blond quickly left the museum, their day being spent completely and the welcoming of night appeared already.
John left the morgue while Sherlock remained behind, observing the dead body once more before leaving the morgue as well.
Mr Prince adoringly stomped his foot on the floor. “Ugh, so romantic.”
The detective decided to let the last comment slip. “Why shouldn’t I?”
The detective kept looking out the window, John was no longer in sight. “Mm. Can’t come to soon.”
“Well, John. Really well.”
Sherlock smirked. “There’s no need to demonstrate. Clearly my taller height is an advantage to your shorter stature. And I can predict all your movements which makes it impossible for you to defeat me.” The detective turned his back to the blond and walked away. “So, its fairly obvious that you’d be putty in my hands.” Sherlock turned around and as expected, John was in front of him.
Miss Wenceslas came face to face with Sherlock, almost touching his nose with hers. “Its not a fake.”
“And what are you worried about?”
He exited the office that he stepped into and looked at the person’s name who owned the office, he slipped the name card from its slot and went towards John. “Let’s go.”
Sherlock huffed in defeat. “Perhaps I was mistaken. Your strength increases everyday.”
“I’ve shown you what I can do. I cut loose all those people, all those little problems, even 30 million quid, just to get you to come and play. So, take this as a friendly warning… my dear. Back off. Although, I loved this, this title game of ours. Playing Jim from IT. Playing gay. Did you like the little touch of the underwear?”
” Through the detective’s peripheral vision, he understood John’s question and sharply faced him. “
Molly approached Sherlock. “What do you mean, gay? We’re together.”
All the men stood next to each other in a line, looking at the message.
“Every door soldier bears the mark. Everyone who hauls for them.” Soo Lin explained.
Sherlock and John entered a tunnel of some sort, turning on their flashlights and eyeing the dark corners filled with homeless people and discarded garbage that was used to make shelters or shacks. Up ahead, Sherlock saw the shadow of a tall man who stood up and warily looked at the end of the tunnel.
John nodded, wincing at the pain shooting through his temple. “
“Are we sure? Is your whole flat clean?” Lestrade questioned.
John peeled his eyes open and faced the woman standing in front of him, she was dressed in a black leather outfit, accompanied by two other men behind her. He eyed his surroundings and noticed that he was inside a… tunnel? It seemed like an enormous abandoned tunnel with trash cans at every corner, each with fire inside, poorly illuminating the tunnel.
John rolled his eyes as he retrieved the second sandwich and stuffed it inside Sherlock’s mouth. “
So, it was no surprise to Mycroft when he physically had to drag his Omega brother from the boy’s room to the car that was waiting for them downstairs.
Sherlock wanted to control John’s desires, John’s freedom, John’s actions, John’s thoughts, and every vulnerable detail that Sherlock could govern with his mind and body. God, Sherlock wanted John to succumb to his charms already but Sherlock could wait… Sherlock was patient. But if there was one thing that Sherlock couldn’t stand for, something that ticked him off with absolute certainty, was impudence.
All those centuries without John had been a living hell but now the restoration of their love can commence a second time.
For good measure, the Alpha began to punch Sherlock’s face to the point where the Omega boy couldn’t see anymore due to the rush of blood seeping into his eyes. After the beating, Victor hopped off the bed and removed his trousers along with his briefs. The Alpha stood semi nude, preparing himself to fuck Sherlock when the boy delivered a kick to the Alpha’s bare cock.
Sherlock pulled out a piece of paper and began to write down a few words, folding the paper in half and slipping money inside the folded paper. The detective told the cabbie to stop the cab, asking the man to wait, for he’d be right back. Sherlock left the cab and approached a homeless woman, giving her the piece of paper and money.
Better for John, cause if Sherlock appeared and started another argument, John would have lost it and most likely punched the detective in the face. John removed his jacket and went up towards his room, he approached his bed and face-planted the mattress. He took a two-hour nap and oof, that was the best nap John had in weeks.
Pity, because Sherlock lived for it.
Perhaps too successful.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Is that it? No habits, hobbies, personality.”
“There’s a hole in our security. Find it and we’ll pay you — five figures. This is an advance.” Sebastian offered Sherlock a check.
Lestrade looks at Sherlock at shakes his head, “No, I’ll take it go. Thank you.”
Sherlock considered the words for a moment and then nodded. “Good. Thank you. But to clear the air, I tend to prefer men more than women.”
John crouched down and looked at the body. “
John laughed. “That was… amazing.”
They both raced up a few stairs when John ran to the edge of the building to see a spiral staircase, he looked behind to see if Sherlock was behind him. Once, he saw Sherlock in view, he rushed down the stairs, with the detective right on his tail. John used every strength he had in his legs and gained enough speed to jump from one building to another. Sherlock with no trouble jumped the gap and a quick thought went through his head,
More foam escaped from Sherlock’s mouth; his throat was burning. “About five minutes ago.”
Sherlock stared at him, completely dumbfounded. “What? What do you mean, how?” Lestrade shrugged. “Rachel!” Sherlock looked at John in triumph, but John wasn’t understanding anything. “Don’t you see? Rachel.” Everyone looked at him blankly and the detective began to laugh at the idiots surrounding him. “Oh, look at you lot. You’re all so vacant. Is it nice not being me? It must be so relaxing. Rachel is not a name.”
Hello lovely readers! How are you all doing? Well, my semester finished and I’m free to chill and live but most of all, be fucking lazy in bed while writing hehe. So, to those who are following my other works, expect updates for the rest of this month before i go back to school.
Sherlock walked away from Mrs Monkford while John followed him. “
John shook his head at the ludicrous thought and decided to not visit the ‘maybe I like Sherlock Holmes’ lane and move on. He returned his attention to the violin and awkwardly studied the instrument.
“Why don’t you let him speak for himself?”
Sherlock was stunned, no death dealer that belonged to the clan of vampires has ever experienced the improbability of a werewolf, much less a human, challenge the speed of their bullets. This unrealistic and unheard-of event had the same effect on John but there was a still a job to be done. John shook off the initial shock and growled, taking advantage that the vampire was distracted and with one bullet, he could kill the Alpha.
The blond nodded and searched the flat.
Lestrade still didn’t comprehend Sherlock’s point. “But what has this got to do with that painting? I don’t see…”
John chuckled. “
“What are you doing?” The D.I. said as he placed his hands on his hips.
Victor predatorily placed both hands on the bed and began to corner the Omega boy. The boy began to take frightened steps back until his threadlike back hit the wall. Sherlock whimpered and began to emit distressed pheromones that only made Victor want the Omega boy more. The boy began to hyperventilate, his fingers were itching to reach the inhaler in his trouser pockets but the Omega boy forced himself to not grab it.
“Because the average human memory on visual matters is only 62% accurate.”
Sherlock offered his hand. “Sherlock Holmes. Very old friend of your husband’s. We um… we grew up together.”
“A highly functioning sociopath.” Sherlock proudly stated.
Dimmock agreed. “She’ll be under our protection until the killer is caught.” The D.I. extended his arm, offering Soo Lin to enter his office.
Sherlock threw his hands up in the air, “Clearly! This is too much information.”
Sherlock stormed up the stairs, entering his room to get himself dressed. “Fine!”
Lestrade looked around the flat and smiled innocently. “It’s a drugs bust.”
Mycroft narrowed his eyes and slowly approached his baby brother. “How are you and Mr Watson doing?”
“Your dying, but there’s still time to hurt you. Give me a name.” Sherlock ordered.
“Why are you saying that!?” Lestrade shouted from the top of the stairs.
Lestrade shouted from the top of the stairs, “What is it?!”
Jim came to stand on his feet, John’s blood covering his fingers while he walked towards Sherlock. “Mm? Oh… that? The missile plans.”
Hopefully you guys enjoy it!
John bit the inside of his cheek. “
“Then what’s the answer.”
Sherlock ran towards the only door presented to him and pushed it open, the immediate force of the strength embedded in Sherlock’s arms caused the door to violently bang against the wall. Sherlock eyed the corridor and cautiously ran through it, betting his life that John would be located in the lower levels of the warehouse.
They entered a specific aisle, an aisle where the book in the detective’s hands was checked out yesterday. Sherlock began to look through one shelf while John looked through the shelf across the detective. John began to take out every book on the shelf when he noticed the same mark from the bank was sprayed across the back of the shelf.
Sebastian quickly placed John in a headlock position, grunting in pain when John repeatedly jabbed his elbows into his ribs. Sebastian had enough of John’s coarse thrashes and pushed John against the wall. The collision between the concrete barrier and John’s back was so brutal that John didn’t have enough time to stop himself from banging the back of his head against the wall.
John grabbed the detective’s lapels and placed his under the ladder. “
“Hiya buddy.” Sebastian faced John. “Who’s this? Your boyfriend? No wait, husband. He’s cute. To be truthful, I didn’t think you were the type to settle down.”
Sebastian laughed loudly. “Your husband knows how to make me laugh.”
John was not sure but he pushed that thought away and walked past Sherlock, trying to see if there’s any more routes that could lead them away from the camp. “Which way should we go?”
Captain Kirk looked back at his fellow companion and gave an irritated sigh, “Look Dr Watson, you have been awakened from a cryogenic sleep, things may seem odd and confusing but believe me when I tell you that this man next to me is named Richard Brook. He’s been a loyal crew member on the enterprise and he has no record of ever being Jim Moriarty.”
The detective stood up, facing him. “Like I said professional curiosity.”
Sherlock ruffled his curls, “Um noooo… and digesting slows me down.”
The boy began to tremble, his lanky body was shivering so badly that he couldn’t bring himself to stand on his two feet. Sherlock cursed at himself for being weak and meager, he needed to find a way out of this situation and if he didn’t, things could get ugly. The Omega boy felt his teeth chattering and the commencements of salty tears were on the brink of spilling down his face.
Lestrade took a deep breath and exhaled. “Okay, okay. What does that painting have to do with the stiff?”
The burn from the bullet wasn’t a lovely experience. Joe had no other choice but to sit on his couch and explain the death of Andrew West. Joe explained how Andrew flashed the memory stick before him and since Joe had many debts that revolved around owing money to wealthy and dangerous people.
Before Sherlock could say anything else, his phone rang, he put the call on speakerphone and the voice of the older woman filled the room. “
Sherlock felt his anger coursing through his veins, a menacing growl escaped his lips while he cocked the gun.
In fact, Sherlock did find the Omega very pretty and timidly blushed as he admitted that Victor was nice and sweet. Victor offered his hand to Sherlock and prompted the Alpha to follow him past a few hidden bushes that were located behind the school playground. Victor checked to see if anyone could see them and to his satisfaction, Sherlock and him were well hidden behind the thick bushes.
Lestrade began to give the detective basic information about their victim. “Her name is Jennifer Wilson according to her credit cards. We’re running them now for contact details. Hasn’t been here long. Some kids found her.” He entered the room containing the body, with John and Sherlock behind him.
Sherlock looked down at the corpse, “What do we know about this corpse? The killer hasn’t left us with much, just the shirt and the trousers. They’re pretty formal, maybe he was going out for the night. The trousers are heavy duty. Polyester, nasty, same as the shirt, cheap. They’re both too big for him. So, some kind of standard issue uniform. Dressed for work, then. What kind of work?”
Sherlock studied the body. “No.”
“Belarus? Open and shut domestic murder. Not worth my time.”
And slowly, John would adapt to the new lifestyle that was eagerly waiting for him. Because of course; Sherlock wanted to become the very air John breathed, he wanted to become the molecules that supplied John with oxygen. Sherlock yearned the effect of dissipating into water and evaporating himself into John’s skin in order to feel the flow of blood running throughout John’s body.
Sherlock released Jim and viciously grabbed the vial. “What is this?”
Sherlock remained cool and suave, resisting the large smile threatening to spill across his face.
“A name.” Sherlock asked in irritation. John put more pressure on the wound which caused the man to yelp in horrible pain. “The name!” The detective asked furiously.
“How long have you two been married?” Mr Prince curiously asked.
John exited the restaurant as Sherlock followed him, the detective shrugged on his coat while his eyes were fixed on the taxi. The taxi lingered for a bit and then it began to pull away. Sherlock immediately started running towards the taxi, trying to catch up to the vehicle, while John ran behind him. John chased after the detective, adrenaline pumping through his body as a burst of excitement exploded inside him. They ran for a few yards until Sherlock halted, realizing they won’t reach the taxi in time to catch the killer.
The detective looked at his watch again. “Thank you. Now, in about seven seconds your uncle will appear and you will leave.”
“British-made, 20 years old.”
The detective looked back at John. “No, thank you.”
John looked down at the violin. “
Sherlock’s face fell when he looked back at the painting, of course, Sherlock jumped in joy, silently thanking John with every ounce of happiness.
“Oh, that too. A nice murder will turn up and cheer you up.”
John squinted to see the ball of paper. “
John removed the book from his face. “
Don’t get John wrong, he loved Jim —who was an Omega— talking about his bonded life but at times the Alpha drifted off and searched for eye candy in the crowd. John was keen on finding someone to have rough sex with but that all changed when his eyes landed on the most beautiful creature that existed in the middle of this huge party.
The D.I. faced his team. “Guys, we’re also looking for a mobile somewhere here…”
John had a busy late-night shift; the heavy impulse of sleeping was overwhelming his body. John sat down at the desk, watching the detective examining the symbols when in a matter of seconds, John fell asleep. The softest snores were escaping his mouth.
Mrs Hudson huffed in anger. “I’m putting this on your rent, young man!”
The female Omega smiled sadly. “I’m Molly.”
Jim stepped away from John, winking at him. “So, you’re Sherlock Holmes. Molly’s told me all about you. You on one of your cases?”
Sherlock waved his hand in boredom. “What’s your point?”
John rolled his eyes. “
Sherlock slowly went upstairs, “Don’t disturb me Mrs. Hudson, thank you.”
Sherlock looked back at John. “Go to your savior, Molly Hooper.”
John faced the tracks again, wording to himself the information he knew and trying to comprehend how Andrew West came to be here. The blond was rolling over the many possibilities in his head when he noticed the tracks moving, leaving behind the previous path and creating a new path for a train heading towards a specific destination.
“It was nice to meet you, Sherlock. And you, John.” Jim seductively purred as he pronounced John’s name.
The blond finished his train of thought. “
Dimmock interrupted their conversation. “Excuse me! I’m still here waiting for an answer.”
“How the hell am I supposed to know about art? Actually, I think Mycroft would.”
John was looking at a small tea cup, he picked one up and looked at the price when he noticed the same symbol from bank was written on the tag.
Once Greg was relocated and under the protection of Mycroft, Sherlock found himself completely bored. Sherlock predicted the outcome of London’s fall but he did not expect things to get out of hand. Before everything became the way, they are now, he ordered Mrs Hudson to leave Baker Street and to find her sister.
Sherlock became flushed and combed his fingers through his curls, trying to hide the shade of red coloring his cheeks. “Yes. My sex drive is quite high and I’m lucky to have a husband who’s willing to let me take him everyday. No matter what time of the day.”
After pacing for about four minutes, Sherlock heard someone knocking on the door and rolled his eyes, he opened the door and saw a tall man with a box in his hands. The Omega boy mentally reminded himself to not snort when he deduced that the man before him was an Alpha with a high addiction of pornography and has been sexually deprived for about two weeks.
John decided to torture the Holmes brothers even further. “
“Then we must assume that some poor bugger’s primed to explode, yeah?”
John became fidgety at the intense stare the detective was giving him, so he grabbed Sherlock’s wallet and started heading towards the door. “
Sherlock never held a tremendous interest in Molly Hooper but he could tell how much Irene wanted to own Molly. So, the taller boy would observe and enjoy how pathetic Molly Hooper was and couldn’t understand what Irene saw in her. But nevertheless, Sherlock never judged the taste of his friends. Instead, Sherlock watched as Irene grabbed the books in Molly’s hands and threw them aside.
The stranger laughed. “Oh, right. I’m so stupid. I’m Eric.”
John extended his arm to the side, trying to catch Sherlock’s attention but the detective had his back towards John. John rolled his eyes as he removed all the books, placing them on the floor before smacking the detective on the shoulder. Sherlock turned around, looking at John before laying his eyes on the symbol sprayed onto the shelf with the same paint.
“No. I can’t possibly be away from the office for any length of time. Not with the Korean elections so…”
Victor seated himself on top of the boy’s body, his thighs were hugging Sherlock’s skimpy waist and the Alpha growled in warning. The Omega boy tried to escape the Alpha’s hold but Victor bared his teeth in annoyance and delivered a burning slap across the boy’s face. The Alpha continued slapping Sherlock’s face until the Omega boy felt blood oozing out of his nose.
“Not about. Exactly a pint.” Sherlock haughtily walked around the car. “That was their first mistake. The blood’s definitely Ian Monkford’s but it’s been frozen.”
Jim went towards Molly. “Well, I’d better be off.”
Eric and his uncle left.
“I’m not repeating myself.”
John tried his best to console Liz. “
This was Sherlock’s only chance at happiness and fuck anyone who dared to take that away from him. Sherlock popped his head out of the window to signal the coachman to pick up speed when the prince was jolted backwards.
Again, he was rejected, the recruiter told him to hit the road and forget about joining the army. The recruiter made it clear that they didn’t want to take care of a baby who couldn’t even speak. John walked away, sad and worthless. He returned home and forced himself to find any job and move out of his parents’ house. It took a few try’s but he managed to get a job at a café. The owners were good people and they were the first ones to not discriminate against John and luckily, they knew sign language as well. They trained him and made it possible for John to run things smoothly without having problems with the customers.
“Well, what do you call this then?” Sherlock questioned impatiently.
“What?”
John was to busy putting away the broom and mop into the closet that he didn’t hear Sherlock come in. The detective stood inside the restaurant waiting for John to notice him, water was dripping down his body, making a huge puddle around him. John turned around to fix the chairs when he paused at the sight of a man inside, the same man who humiliated him,
Sherlock ignored the D.I.’s correction of his own name. “How did you know that Mycroft was the one for you?”
The detective crinkled his eyes in amusement and happiness. “So, what’s our conclusion?”
Also, remeber, John’s dialogue is
“We were having a night in. Just watching a DVD. He normally falls asleep, you know, but he sat through this one. He was quiet. Out of the blue he said he just had to go and see someone.”
Sherlock went around John, to look at the body. “The symbols at the bank, the graffiti, why were they put there?”
“Shit.” Fucking hell, John needed to get this idiot to a hospital but before he could, he needed to lessen the intensity of Sherlock’s seizure.
John remained quiet.
John needed to start a conversation, “
John spent the night at Greg’s place, they both enjoyed drinking way too much beer and getting drunk while insulting Sherlock’s existence. It was a good night but eventually, the sun appeared in the sky and John said his goodbyes to the detective inspector. John walked back to 221B when he was met with a destroyed flat, he pushed through the crowd of people and reached the door to 221B.
“The time was right, but the date was wrong. Said two days ago. Crossed the date line twice and he didn’t alter it.”
John looked up at Sherlock, feeling slightly conflicted at the calculated look Sherlock was giving him.
Both men groaned in pleasure, already picturing Bilbo Baggins in their heads.
Sherlock was close to finding the fastest route when he felt John tugging his coat. He annoyingly faced the blonde, “What!”
Once Sherlock came out of his mind palace, he spoke to John. “I said, could you pass me a pen?”
“No one touches him. Am I in anyway unclear?” Sherlock said in a scarily low voice, cutting off everyone’s questions.
But curiosity got the best of John and with a final glance at the mysterious Alpha, he gave a small smile before walking down the platform and waiting for the train to stop. Sherlock felt his entire body breaking into tiny shards of glass. John doesn’t remember him; the Omega doesn’t fucking remember him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “If we should leave London.”
“Why hasn’t he phoned? He’s broken his pattern. Why?”
Sherlock tore his gaze from John. “Its not what they saw. Its what they both brought back in those suitcases.”
To ease the awkward silence he created, Sherlock smiled down at John. “Yes. I kept referring to her husband in the past tense. She joined in. Bit premature. They’ve only just found the car.”
Sherlock answered. “Hello.”
Sherlock wouldn’t admit it but he missed the presence of John whenever the blond couldn’t join him.
The woman hurriedly searched into her bag and took out a small bottle of makeup that resembled Sherlock’s skin and smiled. “I work at the morgue and sometimes even dead people need a bit of highlight.”
Sherlock straightened himself up, “How can it be here? How?”
The detective had his back towards the door when the man slipped out the window. Sherlock caught a glimpse of the man escaping.
The Omega looked down at the Alpha and rolled him onto his side, “Can you breathe?”
Mrs. Hudson appeared at the doorway again. “Sherlock, dear. This taxi driver…”
Sherlock rolled his eyes at Anderson’s idiotic remark. “Anderson, don’t talk out loud. You lower the I.Q. of the whole street. We can do more than just read her emails. It’s a smartphone, it’s got GPS, which means if you lose it you can locate it online. She’s leading us directly to the man who killed her.” The detective looked at the screen impatiently. “Come on, come on. Quickly!”
“It is a fake. I don’t know why. But there’s something wrong with it, there has to be.”
John sighed and went back to deducing. “
Greg slammed the folder against a table, “I’ve got cases for you.” The detective remained silent. “Many cases. Cases involving murder, blood, violence, and mangled body parts.” Sherlock still didn’t move or answer. Lestrade was beginning to worry at the lack of reaction. “There’s genocide involved.”
Sherlock snarled and vehemently spat blood into John’s face, purring in pleasure at seeing John being covered in a substance that belonged only to Sherlock. Everyone seeing the fight were either cheering for Sherlock or John, or they were desperately waiting to see who would win. Before John could beat the shit out of Sherlock, the bus went over a nasty bump and caused everyone to lose balance.
“Are you deaf or just stupid?” Sherlock snapped. “I’m giving you a chance to leave. Take my offer before I change my mind.”
Sherlock did as he was told and watched as John took a few steps back.
“I doubt it. She’s been dead for fourteen years. Technically she was never alive. Rachel was Jennifer Wilson’s stillborn daughter, fourteen years ago.”
John appeared behind Bainbridge, delivering a harsh blow to the back of the werewolf’s head and making the target stumble forward before falling unconscious. John quickly held onto Bainbridge, making sure that Mary didn’t hear her partner falling to the ground while hoisting Bainbridge over John’s shoulder.
“Interesting.” The detective looked through his pockets for his phone.
The blond looked at himself. “
John faced Sherlock. “
The Alpha felt his monstrous cock becoming erect when the aroma of rose water flooded through his nostrils and made him incredibly hungry. And to torture him even further, he detected raspberries being mixed in with delicate specks of tulip petals which were drowned in white wine. This was too much for John, an innocent gift like this needed to be
The detective quickly got to his feet while John downed the last bits of his food, catching up to Sherlock.
The Alpha gained so much power that he was able to access the system belonging to London and he controlled everything. At his command; jobs were nonexistent unless you wanted to be a sniper, businesses were shut down but all the money acquired would go to the mysterious leader, banks were overrun and left without a cent, shops were scavenged but transformed into warehouses for weapons, and schools were burned to the ground but the children were manipulated to becoming thieves with no mercy.
“Of course, I’m fine, doctor. Or should I say captain.” Sherlock snapped.
The detective stepped closer to the blond. “Are you afraid to admit that you’ll lose against me?”
“There are clear signs. I think Ian Monkford gave a pint of his blood some time ago and that’s what they spread on the seat.”
“It means when the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me.”
“Well, usually, he… must stay above it all. He organizes these things, but on one ever has direct contact.”
He followed the trail of paint and came back to the front of 221B when he looked up, the cipher that was seen at the bank and at the library was painted across the windows of the flat.
My interpretation of The Blind Banker.
Sherlock faced John, completely surprised. “Thank you.”
Sherlock was already inside the tube station, casually walking down the platform and waiting for the targets to appear. Sherlock leaned against a pillar and reached inside his coat pocket for a new packet of cigarettes, which he recently pickpocketed from a man who walked beside him. Sherlock grabbed his lighter and lit the end of the cigarette, watching the tip burning in an orange flame and inhaling the smoke of tar into his lungs.
Life at 221B Baker Street was moving along just fine. Sherlock enthusiastically delved into cases provided by Lestrade, happily arriving at the crime scene with his trusted right hand, John Watson. After cases and cases, the blond became confident around the detective and John began to offer his opinions freely whenever it related to a case.
Lestrade hated that he didn’t understand John. “Oh, I feel awful that I don’t understand you. I should start studying sign language, so we can chat properly.”
Kirk immediately lunged towards John, forcing the doctor onto his knees and pressing the phaser against the back of John’s neck. “Stay down.”
John thought for a few seconds. “
“New Breitling. Only came out this February.”
Jim smiled brightly, “Oh dear me, Sherlock. Clarify your question for I do love seeing you dance.”
John inhaled deeply as he clenched and unclenched his fists.
Sherlock and John went up the stairs to the second floor, pushing aside piles of junk that cluttered the path up the stairs.
“Don’t make people into heroes, John. Heroes don’t exist and if they did, I wouldn’t be one of them.”
One of the destinations of the many students attending Kent College in Canterbury, England. A well-hidden boarding school that housed boys and girls. The school was split into two sections; one section belonged to the boys while the other section corresponded to the girls. Both sexes were segregated for the major part of their time; save for breaks that included breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Sherlock growled in annoyance. “I don’t care about that! That’s not important!”
Sherlock released Eric, slightly pushing him back as Eric clenched and unclenched his fists. “Pretty clever that.”
“Any ideas?” Greg inquired.
The older woman threw a pillow at Sherlock’s face and walked down the stairs.
“And what about this life?”
Molly beamed brightly, “Oh! My mum used to teach me sign language when I was young. I remember a bit.”
John haughtily smirked and walked away. “
“Visible above the waistline. Very visible. Very particular brand. Plus, the suggestive fact that he gave John his number. I’d say you’d better break it off now and save yourself the pain.”
Sherlock smirked, taking a pause in his deductions and enjoying the slight twitch running through John’s hand.
Mrs Hudson gave him a sad and concerned look, “Look at you. You’re in no state to leave this flat. Sherlock when you will stop with the drugs?”
“That’s not smart, you know.” Sherlock remarked.
Sherlock faced John. “John, if we’re going to decipher the code, we’re gonna need to look for more evidence.”
Spalding didn’t care to see what were the boy’s intentions so, he continued driving in silence and missed the entire commotion Sherlock began.
Lestrade looked through the file. “So, how’d he do it?”
The sun was making its way up in the sky, providing light to those who need it. To illuminate the roads and buildings that were frozen in place. Each bright ray that came from the sun, were hitting different places at the same time. The natural light that came from the sun invaded every home, letting every human being know that it was morning. Every person in London felt the sun, even John felt it.
Sherlock took another drag of his cigarette and blew another puff of smoke into John’s face. “And now, you’re taking your mother’s place and enduring all the beatings meant for her. Of course, being the main mistake of your father’s life, he uses that advantage to beat the shit out of you.”
At one point, Sherlock became disappointed in himself for missing a moment where he could have understood the meaning of affection. But instead, he resolved to roaming around the flat in his pajamas. Being as ever, bored out of his mind; he settled for slumping over his armchair with a silver gun in his hand and unenthusiastically, began to shoot the wall.
The boy reached forward and grabbed the box, physically retracting from the Alpha, for the man’s scent was revolting. The Alpha smelled of cheap cologne, fast food, poor hygiene, and drugs that reeked of garbage. During Sherlock’s entire life, he’s been a victim to different scents but this Alpha took the prize of being the worst smelling Alpha in all of London.
Sherlock couldn’t help but stop and let himself be amazed by John’s intelligence and how quickly the blond seemed to grasp things. “I haven’t the faintest idea. Hungry?”
The war had all but ground to a halt in the blink of an eye. Jim Moriarty —an Omega— was the most feared and ruthless leader ever to rule the werewolf clan, after centuries, he’d finally been killed. The werewolf horde scattered to the wind in a single evening of flame and retribution. Victory, it seemed, was in the grasps of the ones known as bloodsuckers, the very birth right of the vampires.
“We need a faster route!” Sherlock angrily shouted. The detective raised his hands to either side of his head and concentrated on finding the the map of the local area in his head, to quickly calculate the faster route.
John snorted. “
“Nonsense. I have nothing to do. Come on, I won’t do anything to you.”
“She’ll need protection. She’s still under the radar and the killer will try to find her again.” The detective offered.
Sherlock was running out of options, he seriously wanted to know why John was not accepting his apology, it was bothering him. He wasn’t thinking correctly, which is why his next move was probably the worst choice. The detective lost his patience and grabbed John, “Just accept my apology, please!”
Sherlock got up. “Well, dear brother, thank you for appearing but we really must be going. John, come along.”
Greg gently bumped John’s shoulder with his. “Me too! I honestly find Bilbo Baggins so fucking adorable. I’d marry him.”
John went for a short walk, thinking about the embarrassing moment that crossed his mind more than seven times a day. John was making his way back to the flat, closing the front door and heading upstairs when he heard a bullet being fired after another.
.” John reassured him.
The blond smiled as he patted the detective’s shoulder, causing Sherlock to look down at the touch.
Sherlock shrugged. “Meretricious.”
The blond got up wrapping the blanket around the detective. “
“Your precious John Watson is a liar. The Watson family has done a marvelous job covering their tracks but nothing can get past me.”
John gently reassured the man that he didn’t have to do that.
Mycroft narrowed his eyes and examined his brother, “Does this have anything to do with the young man you insulted over a month ago? The man who is currently working at Speedy’s right now. A man named John Hamish Watson. Does this have anything to do with him?”
John decided to sit on the couch. “
John smiled. “
Once the call finished, Sherlock jumped up excitedly and reached for his coat. “Lestrade has summoned me. Coming? And don’t say that you’re working today because clearly that’s a lie.”
Moriarty grinned. “Show him, Sebby.”
The blond was a bit lost. “
Sherlock observed John. “You have a question.”
Lestrade wanted to say something when he felt familiar arms wrapping around his waist and a warm kiss being delivered to the nape of his neck. The D.I. smiled, “Hello My.”
Who’s that hottie?
The detective rolled his eyes. “Oh. How typical of you to use insults to offend me yet purposely changing the direction of our conversation.”
Moriarty looked back at Sherlock and rolled his eyes. “Don’t be silly. Someone else is holding a rifle. I don’t like getting my hands dirty. I’ve given you a glimpse Sherlock, just a teensy glimpse of what I’ve got going on out there in the big bad world. I’m a specialist, you see. Like you.”
Phase 3: Chaos needs a king.
“I was talking about the lack of cases.”
“I’m happy to see that.”
Sherlock smirked. “Enlighten me.”
John remembered when he was young, his parents considered him an “odd” child. His mum and dad would always treat him delicately because of his silent defect. As a baby, he never understood what his defect was until he reached an age where he began walking and understood the large vocabulary his parents threw his way. At the age of 10, his parents sat him down and explained how when he was born, he had a certain “defect” which involved his vocal cords being damaged.
Room service at the Waldorf Hilton in London was by far the worst service to ever exist. Sherlock was designated to room number 64. The Omega boy was standing before the mirror in the room, adjusting the tie around his neck and cursing at Mycroft for dragging the boy to this ridiculous event. Apparently, Mycroft’s mate, who was named Greg Lestrade was hosting a party in order to commemorate the higher position he acquired as being Detective Inspector.
Sherlock snorted. “Obviously.”
The detective walked over to Lestrade and grabbed the folder from the table and gave them to Greg and shoved him out of the flat. “Goodbye, Lestrade.”
Eric stood up straight, he was three inches taller than Sherlock,
“Tell Lestrade that I don’t want any cases at this moment.”
John entered the flat and stood in the middle of the living room, looking for something.
“A bit.” The Alpha croaked.
The blond made a confused face and shook his head, not agreeing with the last part.
The boy was panting heavily, he felt his throat closing up on him so he took out his inhaler and gave himself two puffs of air. Sherlock closed his eyes and felt the medication in his inhaler reviving his bruised flesh. The Omega boy stuffed the inhaler in his pocket and decided to go to the bathroom. The boy entered the bathroom belonging to Omegas and eyed his bleeding face.
Sherlock led John into his flat, the detective purposefully offered John to go up the stairs first, so Sherlock could observe the smaller man and acquire more information about John. The blond reached the top of the stairs and entered the detectives’ flat, his eyes curiously danced around the flat. It seemed nice, cozy, and just right for a bachelor like Sherlock.
John managed to give a tired nod, already feeling the loss of blood taking effect on his body. Sherlock could feel John closing his eyes and resting his head against Sherlock’s chest but Sherlock couldn’t afford John to sleep right now.
John has worked on this case for seven months and he sure as hell wasn’t going to let some posh dark-haired Alpha take away his only chance at finding out why the werewolves wanted him so badly. Once Sherlock shot the first bullet, John uncaringly tossed Bainbridge onto the floor and pulled back the trigger to his own gun.
John shrugged. “
The Alpha needed to go buy some more, so, Sherlock decided to shower first before he dressed himself in a blue dress shirt with blue trousers and a matching blue suit jacket. Sherlock ran his fingers through his curls, messing up his dark locks and trying to look presentable because once he steps out of his flat, Mycroft’s minions would pick up on his departure from the flat and follow him.
Immediately, Sherlock abandoned his seat and ran out of the room, confident in finding the killer.
John went around the back looking for Golem while Sherlock remained on the stage.
People were in need of a leader but many rejoiced in chaos, freely murdering people and raping the
John snorted. “
The detective walked by train tracks with a flashlight in hand when he spotted a discarded can of spray paint. Sherlock picked up the can and smelled the paint, feeling the consistency of the paint before continuing his search.
Mycroft felt a huge weight being lifted off his shoulders as he placed his hand over his chest and exhaled loudly. Sherlock felt his worst fears dissipating into the air, the hope of still having John was restored. Sherlock lowered his head, purposely hiding the tiniest smile forming on his lips before he returned to his expressionless gaze.
The Omega boy looked down at his watch and realized that he had ten more minutes before the party started. “That would be helpful. Thank you. I’m Sherlock.”
“Really?” The detective asked disbelievingly.
The coachman screamed for his life when the horses began to fall, under the bridge there was a rapid river that was growing inch by inch due to the heavy rain. Once the horses fell down towards the river, the coachman followed next. Sherlock managed to see the railing being broken down and like an animal reverting back to its nature of fight or flight reaction, Sherlock went towards the door and opened it.
There were no bullets inside.
(See the end of the chapter for
John took in calm breaths, not showing any inch of fear to the man licking his face. The blond threw his head back, head butting Jim in the face and elbowing Moriarty in the ribs. Jim stumbled back at the sudden hit but immediately held his hand up, signaling the snipers to not shoot John. Moriarty rested his hands on his knees, laughing lowly as he watched droplets of blood dripping from his nose.
“Of course.” The detective falsely smiled.
Mycroft dropped off John at 221B. “Thank you for today John.”
Sherlock made eye contact with the boy before him and immediately recognized the Alaskan ultramarine blue eyes that once made his heart skip a beat.
They shook hands, while Sherlock introduced the man to John. “This is Angelo. Really old friend.”
“Are you the police, then?”
“So, we can read her emails. So, what?” Anderson shouted from across the room.
“But how?” Lestrade questioned.
The detective faced Lestrade. “From the Czech Republic. No fingerprints?”
The D.I. faced John. “Hello John. Oh, Sherlock well, I knew you’d find the case. I not stupid.”
John Hamish Watson had all the fucking qualities of becoming a field agent and a killer. It wasn’t long before John climbed to the top of the ladder and became the most merciless agent in all of London.
The D.I. noticed John’s surprised reaction which caused Sherlock to turn around and face him.
Sherlock and John returned to the flat, Sherlock quickly opened his laptop and entered his findings onto the website that the bomber eagerly revisited in order to see if Sherlock cracked the case. Once Sherlock posted the solution to the case, he received a phone call.
Sherlock looked again when he saw the shadow of the man running away. John and Sherlock began to run after him, trying to catch up to the man but Golem entered a car and drove away.
Sherlock faced John. “Do you want to eat?”
Sherlock kept his gaze locked onto his phone, “I’m going to phone Lestrade and see if he has anything.”
Mr Prince placed a hand on his chest and sadly sighed. “Yes yes, very kind.”
John leaned up towards Sherlock’s mouth, hovering his lips over Sherlock’s fuller ones and pulled back when Sherlock dared to close the distance between their lips. “You have seven seconds to get out of my face before I punch the hell out of you.”
Sherlock presented the most lovey dovey smile he could while John mimicked Sherlock’s happiness. It took every ounce of fiber inside John to not face Sherlock and knock some sense into the man’s mind.
The detective stomped his feet against the wooden floor. “Call in sick. Spend the day with me, please.”
Why did he pull away?
“Nothing.”
John and Sherlock stepped out of the flat, going opposite ways to complete their tasks. John began to walk calmly when he noticed a woman taking a picture of him but a car covered his view and the woman disappeared. John frowned and ignored the odd experience as he went to Scotland Yard.
There was no response, so Sherlock sighed as he faced the blond. His eyes were met with a soft sight. The detective rarely saw John sleeping, it was a private moment that he failed to view. Sherlock got up from his seat and approached the blond.  The detective gently combed his fingers through John’s golden strands, storing the touch of the blond’s hair in his mind palace when he stopped.
The detective was studying a body while Lestrade was standing behind him. “Gavin.”
John hesitantly came closer to the body and used all his knowledge that dealt with the medical field, in order to figure out how this woman died. The blond placed his head close to the woman’s hair and sniffed her body, then he lifted her hand and studied her skin. “
John nodded even though he was still confused as to why the detective was spinning him.
The detective was running so quickly that the adrenaline running through his veins was causing him to gain more speed. “We did it! Come on, John!”
“Oh, don’t worry. I’ll start studying when I get home. Now, that you’ll be with us, I want us to always talk.” Lestrade smiled.
John couldn’t believe how stupid Sherlock was. “
“What’s he like to live with? Hellish I imagine.” Mycroft asked curiously.
A feeling Sherlock never understood for he never cared for weddings until now, even now, his own wedding would not be a wonderful memory. Sherlock gazed up at the grey and dark sky when he noticed Mycroft standing at the doorway to their kingdom. Mycroft bid him farewell and, in a few seconds, the coach began to move.
Sherlock shrugged him off. “No. You need Lestrade in your car in order to enjoy a quick shaggging. I don’t want to talk. I’m in shock. Right John.”
Sherlock’s smile resembled the Cheshire Cat when he began to circle John like a predator does before, he goes in for the kill. Sherlock took in all of John’s weaknesses; cataloging them into his mind palace and choosing the ones that would leave the boy whimpering like a pathetic idiot.
The images of blood spilling across the floor revived his memories; the bite belonging to a predator who feasted on his prey could actually be tasted in his mouth again, the excruciating death that came afterward, and his beloved Omega choking on his own blood reopened a gateway that Sherlock hadn’t visited in centuries. The unmistakable proof that his mate died was… a lie.
Sherlock groaned at the scratch across his cheekbone when John reached for the gun strapped to his ankle.
An intrusion of a microphone and a camera would be installed to hear everyone’s conversation and record everyone’s private life. There was no place that was considered safe; people who were dealing in the transaction of drugs were kidnapped at night and never seen again, infidelity among a couple would be made public and murders were on the rise, hushed conversations dealing with the governments’ dominance were traced back to those who spoke those words and were never seen again.
The blond straightened himself up. “
Sherlock didn’t abandon his search, currently he was eyeing something with the flashlight when he felt a rock flying past him and hitting the wall in front of him.
Sherlock faced John. “Some secret societies used to send dried melon seeds, orange pips, things like that – five pips. They’re warning us its going to happen again.”
The photo of a car appeared and Sherlock showed the photo to Lestrade. “It’s abandoned, wouldn’t you say?”
“No, no, no! Course he’s not the boy’s father! Look at the turn ups on his jeans!” Sherlock yelled out in passion while making hand gestures towards the telly and facing John.
What a waste.
John picked up the shoe again. “
John rubbed the sleep from his eyes. “
The detective was this close to becoming angry, if John thought that he needed to publicly announce that he would run after Soo Lin and proceed things with her, then John was mistaken. Sherlock was about to speak when John came back, oddly enough, Soo Lin wasn’t clinging onto John’s arm or kissing John on the mouth.
So, with the usual insults of people who hated him, Sherlock went towards doing drugs, mostly heroin because once Sherlock injected the deadly poison into his veins, all the name calling and mockery faded away. And its exactly what he wanted, an escape to where the pain no longer invaded his brain. The only thing overrunning his thoughts were bliss and pleasure.
John chuckled. “
“Thanks mate.” Greg happily took the biscuit and enjoyed its tastiness.
Sherlock slammed the door of 221B Baker Street and squinted at the bright sun shining over him, the Alpha covered his face with his hand before foolishly stepping onto the street and bumping into someone. “Watch where you’re going, you idiot!”
Slowly, Sherlock lifted his head and frowned at the D.I. “Say that again.”
The detective remained passive, not daring to show any emotion or weakness. “No and even if I did, why would you care?”
The lights outside in the hallway were on, illuminating the room where Soo Lin was. Soo Lin’s brother, Liang, took out a gun and pointed it towards Soo Lin when the blond shot the lights outside. The distraction caught Liang off guard, Soo Lin took the opportunity to run towards the tunnel across the room.
“Shut up!” Sherlock broke his eye contact with John and faced Lestrade. “I’m not your sniffer dog.”
Sherlock faced Greg in full rage, walking past the D.I. and entering the flat. The detective slammed the door shut behind him, stomping his feet up the stairs and reaching for his silver gun. In a matter of seconds, bullets were flying towards the wall.
Sherlock got up, “Let’s go.”
, such a frail creation of existence; Sherlock wondered how humans have existed when the population mostly consisted of werewolves and vampires but mostly vampires —a very biased opinion—. It astonished him how stupid and boring humans were, so dull and distasteful yet necessary for his feeding needs.
John has heard this phrase about five times already and boy, was it difficult to suppress a smile that was threatening to spread across his lips. To prevent from Sherlock seeing his smile, John purposely lifted the book to cover his face. He ignored the detective and relished in the image of Sherlock being bored out of his mind and how desperately the detective wanted to grab John’s attention.
“Using scraps of information — credit and bills, receipts. He flew back from China, then he came here.”
If Sherlock successfully eliminated the blood ties correlating to John; then he would have created a situation where John was completely alone and the only person John would have, is Sherlock. There would be no escape from Sherlock, everything revolving around John’s surroundings will only consistent of Sherlock’s presence.
“A dangerous virus. A sickness that slowly deteriorates the human body. Yet it does not kill their victim, an ever long disease that will never kill the human body.”
Sherlock faced Miss Wenceslas, yelling at her. “This kid will die. Tell me why the painting is a fake. Tell me!”
Jim wrapped his arms around her waist. “I’ll see you later. I’ll pick you up at sixish?”
The detective was busy eyeing everything, he noticed the different schedules illuminated by a projector, passes that were required to enter particular places, and elevator numbers that changed by the second. They walked to the front desk, Sherlock gave his name and they were shown to an empty office.
Sherlock stepped away from the car and began to walk towards the widow of the deceased, “Get a sample sent to the lab.”
“Sherlock Holmes.”
“What?”
Sherlock arrived at the pool where Carl Powers drowned to death, his calm demeanor perfectly camouflaging his excitement. The detective placed his hands behind his back, eyeing the abandoned pool and seeing the blue water reflecting off the walls. Sherlock revealed the memory stick, lifting it above his head and twirling around in a circle while never leaving his spot.
Yes, that impure and vile definition of love was brought upon by one person who Sherlock had his eyes set upon.
Three years later, John moved houses and since then Sherlock has never laid eyes on him again. To a certain point, Sherlock forgot about the existence of John until his attendance to boarding school forced him to encounter the one boy who managed to slip away from him. Their encounter was not equivalent to love at first sight; in fact, their first encounter was like two forces deciding whether to collapse against each other or repel from one another.
“Very romantic.” She offered.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “You know I detest repeating myself.”
Sherlock frowned. “Until now.”
“Professional curiosity? What the hell are you playing at?”
Sherlock walked by Greg’s side while John stayed behind, feeling somebody coming next to him.
“Get the fuck outta here. I want to be alone.” Sherlock said.
Sebastian lifted the black bag over the man’s head and…
“Coming in time.” Sherlock smiled.
John interrupted him. “
Sherlock wasn’t going to be defeated easily, so he rolled onto his knees and picked himself up. The two men lifted their fists, preparing to fight. The detective made the first move, lunging forward, determined to deliver a blow to John’s face but the blond blocked the attack and managed to grab Sherlock. The detective elbowed John’s ribs and successfully escaped the blond’s hold.
“A friend.” Sherlock said.
Sherlock immediately noticed the change in the blond’s body and complimented John’s progress. The detective couldn’t help but test a theory that concerned the blond.
John stared at the painting when it hit him, “
This man was gorgeous; his height kept going on forever and his body was nothing more than pure solid muscles. The stranger had blond hair that reached his shoulders and a well trimmed blond beard that nicely decorated his face. The man had crystal blue eyes; John swore that he could see the beautiful beaches in Hawaii through this man’s eyes.
John laughed as he continued to shake his head.
“No?”
John chuckled as he looked at Sherlock.
“There’s something else that we haven’t thought of.” Greg stated.
“Are you willing to place a bet on that? Perhaps someone enters the church and stabs your lovely John Watson to death. Or perhaps a mob of people who know about John’s secrets will enter and kill him. There are many more scenarios, which one do you prefer?”
“Fresh air. Just popping outside for a moment. Won’t be long.”
“What do you think?”
The moment where Sherlock became obsessed with John was during year 11, it was a brisk night when Molly Hooper was hurriedly rushing back to her dormitory when Sherlock and his posse cornered Molly against the wall. Molly was always subjected to suffer the torments of Irene Adler along with everyone else who delighted in the sight of seeing Molly crying and being defenseless.
“No, she never got to the hotel. Look at her hair. She color coordinates her lipstick and her shoes. She’d never have left any hotel with her hair still looking…” Sherlock stopped talking and simply stared at John as he came to a realization. “Oh.” His eyes widened and his face lit up in excitement. “
John felt his lip twitching at the seductively low voice that the asshole before him used, clearly underestimating John’s temper.
Lestrade and John followed the detective out of the room while the D.I. yelled at Sherlock. “Sherlock, shut up! There was no case!”
John turned around and eyed Sherlock. “
Sherlock gasped at the sudden movement and fell helplessly into the arms of the person who dared to interrupt his death wish. The Omega boy was on the verge of ripping himself away from the man’s arms when the familiar scent of the Alpha hit his nose. The boy felt his tongue becoming heavy and his entire body was failing to move.
Mycroft stared at his brother, not believing any word. He got up from his seat, “May I give you a piece of advice?”
“Carl Powers.”
The D.I. snorted. “Yeah, simply chatting means poking your nose in my relationship with your brother.”
Sergeant Donovan had no choice but to let him through. “Well, you know what I think, don’t you?”
The woman came forward, grabbing John’s chin, tightening her grip as she came face to face with the blond. “How does it feel to be beaten? To be weak?”
The older woman began to sob. “
familiar.
A relationship… turned into a massacre.
John nudged the detective. “
In a matter of seconds, Sebastian and Jim were pulling John off of Sherlock.
The King from the unknown kingdom who reached out to Siger Holmes came from the outskirts of London, the man’s kingdom pertained to agriculture. The negotiation of agriculture was disappearing, which meant that the man’s kingdom was on the verge of dying. Securing the marriage between the Holmes family was their only chance at surviving.
Both John and Sherlock were sitting in an ambulance getting checked over. They gave John an orange colored shock blanket while Lestrade questioned them both, but mostly pressured the detective to give as much information as possible. “Who shot him?”
Soo Lin untied her shoe and slipped her sock down, exposing the heel of her foot, a resemblance of a flower tattoo imprinted on her skin. “You know this mark?”
John lovingly looked up at his ‘supposed’ husband and nodded eagerly.
“Well, I mean, you missed almost everything of importance, but you know…”
.” Sherlock made a confused face. “
Once John finished, he turned off the lights and grabbed his bag. He stepped outside and locked the door as he brought down the roll down gate and locked up. John tiredly turned around when he saw Sherlock still standing outside.
Moriarty faced John. “Au revoir, John Watson.”
Sherlock stopped circling Eric and stood before the man. “And your opportunity of achieving more sex came when your uncle told you about John. You desperately wanted to meet the man who your uncle so often talks about and you came here with one purpose in mind, making John fall for you and convincing him to come back to your flat.”
The detective scrutinized his brother. “How’s the diet?”
Sherlock reached the top of the building, he took a deep breath and shivered in the cold night air. The Omega boy wrapped his scanty arms around himself and watched the puffs of his breath disappearing into the night. The boy shuddered in aversion when he took slow steps towards the ledge. Sherlock closed his eyes while approaching the ledge, taking controlled breaths through his nose and opening his eyes.
John cocked his head to the side, “What question?”
John nods and smiles.
The D.I. laughed in disbelief. “You’re not serious? Like Spider-Man?”
Anderson was barely able to breathe, let alone respond to Sherlock.
The blond nodded for the third time.
The detective looked at Lestrade. “Is there something working incorrectly to be considered that there’s something wrong?”
Sherlock gave a blank stare when John continued talking. “
John went upstairs and proceeded to fix his new clothes.
Sherlock and John went separate ways, trying to find more walls that consisted of yellow paint along with more symbols.
“Mrs. Hudson, what’s wrong?” Greg asked as he rushed into the building.
Under the rain, across the city, towards the darker parts of London, there was a death dealer on the hunt. The death dealer, Sherlock Holmes, was crouched on a ledge and blending in with the building’s dark shadows. The building was eight stories high but Sherlock was never one to be afraid of heights, instead he deduced the humans below him.
Once Sherlock left Lestrade, the detective spent the whole day running through the streets, overthinking the situation that happened in the morning.
The detective’s face came to rest over John’s shoulder, his cheek lightly grazing against John’s soft one. John remained still, not moving a muscle as he let Sherlock rearrange his stance, to improvise John’s holding on the bow. John ignored the rapid beating of his heart, hoping that the detective wouldn’t hear his heart palpitating.
Sherlock coughed out the last remnants in his stomach and felt lightheaded. Sherlock slowly got up to his feet, his legs were wobbly and his vision was still imperfect with sections of blurriness that prevented him from deducing properly. Sherlock collected himself together and began to look for a way out or more importantly, looking for a way to get his Omega back to him, back into his arms, and back under his protection.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Why do always tie in our conversations with my brother?!”
John was not sure what this man’s game was but he wasn’t giving in. Sherlock saw that John was still not completely comfortable with him so he continued talking. “I know sign language. I’ve been studying it for weeks and now I understand it. So, we can talk.”
John munched happily on his food. “
Sherlock took a step back, feeling as if he’d violated John somehow. “John.”
Greg was leading Sherlock and John towards the new crime scene, an abandoned car that was splattered in blood. “The car was hired yesterday morning by an Ian Monkford. Banker of some kind, city boy. Paid in cash. Told his wife he was going away on a business trip and he never arrived.”
John chuckled and sadly smiled. “
John rolled his eyes. “
“Its an ancient number system — Hang Zhou. These days only street traders use it. Those were numbers written on the wall at the bank and at the library. Numbers written in an ancient Chinese dialect.”
Miss Wenceslas stood tall, not showing any fear. “Who are you?”
Sherlock was pleased and continued staring at the pink case. “Now, look. We both know that this is Jennifer Wilson’s case. Do you see what’s missing?”
John slurped his spaghetti happily, though a small patch of sauce colored the corner of his lips. The detective couldn’t help but remove his glove and reach forward, wiping the sauce away from John’s skin and dragging his thumb across John’s lower lip. John remained frozen as he looked into Sherlock’s eyes, a fuzzy feeling bubbling inside his stomach.
The detective and John followed Raz to an abandoned place where young teenagers such as Raz ride on their skateboards and freely throw graffiti on the walls.
John coughed. “
Sherlock took that spilt second to remove John’s hand from his throat and delivered an unforgiving punch to John’s face. Once Sherlock managed to manipulate John’s position, he flipped them over. Sherlock slammed John against the floor of the bus and placed his entire weight on top of John. Sherlock secured his hands around John’s wrists and pinned him down.
“Delete it. Missile plans are out of the country now. Nothing we can do about it.”
John took Sherlock’s hand and began to push himself up, “Yeah.”
John patted his chest. “
Sherlock remained quiet, not answering the question but sensing a horrible tension coiling inside his stomach that was enough to pull apart his intestines. The detective did everything he could to not appear panicked.
It was unnecessary to take such good care of an item that could easily be thrown away but it was all Sherlock had of
Sherlock —an Alpha— continued his deductions in prevention of letting his brain rot but he was not here to observe the ordinary life of humans. No no. Sherlock was here for another reason, he was patiently waiting for something to happen. His purpose as to being in this specific spot was part of a complex story that was made up of lies and truths.
Of course, it seemed silly and absurd but it could be a possible explanation as to why the detective acted the way he did.
John shrugged. “
Sherlock bounced his leg up and down, forcing himself to remain quiet. “Never mind. Clearly wasting my time. As you always do.”
Sherlock got up from his seat and walked towards the window. “Four.” He noticed something was wrong. “There’s been a fourth. And there’s something different this time.”
“Woah. Woah.” The Omega fell to the ground, he cradled Sherlock’s head and tried to stop the foam from getting worse.
The blond looked behind the couch, under the table, rustled through a pile of clothes and nothing.
“Brilliant! Get a hold of his diary or something that will tell us his movements. And I’ll go see Van Coon’s PA. If we retrace their steps, somewhere, they’ll coincide.”
John was sitting in the back of the bus with Greg Lestrade, Mike Stamford, James Sholto, and Stephen Bainbridge. At the front of the bus, there was Sherlock Holmes, Jim Moriarty, Sebastian Moran, and Phillip Anderson. Apart from them, there were three other boys who were considered “nerdy” and their presence wasn’t even detected by Sherlock.
Sherlock took out John’s gun and handed it to John. “Don’t mention it.”
Sherlock suspiciously eyed John going up the stairs when Mr Prince picked up the hairless cat and told Sherlock to hold her for second. Mr Prince wanted to fix his hair a bit more for the photos. The detective uncomfortably held the cat and silently begged John to hurry back. The hairless cat began to nuzzle its beige colored skin against Sherlock’s coat and Sherlock made a disgusted face as he pushed the cat to face the other way.
John chuckled at the older woman’s comment when Sherlock shouted. “Shut up, everybody, shut up! Don’t move, don’t speak, don’t breathe. I’m trying to think. Anderson, face the other way. You’re putting me off.”
Victor grabbed Sherlock and brutally flung the weightless boy onto the bed, flipping Sherlock onto his stomach. The Alpha used the Omega boy as a rag doll, pinning his entire body on top of Sherlock’s. The Omega boy began to scream, his breaths were coming in ragged pants and he tried squirm himself away from Victor but the Alpha was too strong and heavy.
The detective remained frozen, not hugging John for a moment until slowly, very slowly, he wrapped his arms around John, holding the man firmly against his body. Sherlock buried his nose in John’s golden hair and smiled, a huge relief washing over him as he felt John in his arms. This odd sensation in his stomach was a questioning reaction that would be revisited later in the detective’s mind palace.
The detective and the blond were exiting the house as quickly as possible. Sherlock was already hailing a taxi for him and John.
Mycroft sneakily squeezed Greg’s bottom and winked at him. He lovingly watched the D.I. walk away, then he returned his gaze to his younger brother, hoping that John Hamish Watson would be good for Sherlock.
John was smartly dressed as he went to Mycroft’s office, wishing he could have knocked out Sherlock’s teeth when Sherlock basically forced John to work on the missile case for Mycroft. John knocked on Mycroft’s door and stepped inside.
Jim nicely slipped away from Molly’s hold and went towards John again, checking out the fine man before him while going around and standing by Sherlock’s side. Sherlock noticed the indecent looks Jim was giving John and snarled lowly in his throat. John couldn’t help feeling like he was the center of attention, who knew that men found him so attractive.
Sherlock entered the room, where he found the blond on the floor. “John! What happened?!” He picked up John from the ground.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and bit the inside of his cheek. “What do you want, Mycroft?”
“Hello Mr. Watson. How was your walk at the park?”
Mycroft smiled. “Of course, we will.”
The blond haughtily leaned against the car. “
John was not listening to this man at all, he began to throw anything close by, he threw plates, forks, cups, anything that could hurt this man. Then John remembered, they had knives in the kitchen. The shorter man sprinted towards the kitchen but Sherlock used his long legs to his advantage and jumped over the counter and blocked the entrance to the kitchen. “Please don’t get the knives.”
“Yes.” Sherlock said without skipping a beat.
Golem quickly went towards them; kicking the gun out of John’s hand and grabbing Sherlock by the collar of his coat, flinging Sherlock across the stage. A large hand came upon John’s throat, suffocating the blond when Sherlock forced himself to get up. Sherlock quickly jumped onto the Golem’s back, pulling Golem away from John. The Golem quickly grabbed Sherlock and threw him onto the floor.
“So, to answer your question. No.”
Jim stopped before leaving the room, he looked back at the Alpha who was doing a poor job of masking his heartache and answered in a passive tone. “Yes.”
The detective and John turned the corner, spotting a teenager spray painting the wall.
The two men rolled around the floor when the man grabbed a cloth and wrapped it around John’s throat, tightening his grip making sure that John wouldn’t escape.
Mrs. Hudson rushed inside her flat and came back with the car keys in her hand. “Go save your man dearie.”
From a certain camera outside, the footage provided was transmitted to Mycroft Holmes and even the elder Holmes felt his heart sink at the revelation John was willing to expose. And of course, his stupid brother didn’t pay attention.
The detective wrapped his scarf around his neck and took out a book withholding all the maps belonging to London, specifically looking for a map concerning the railways in London. “Exactly!”
Joe eyed John again. “You with the police?”
Oh yes, John
John felt himself becoming dizzy, the feelings he had towards Sherlock was equivalent to the existence of the Loch Ness monster, it was so fucking mysterious. John didn’t care, he would take a chance and see where that would leave him. He took a bold step and came closer to the detective, keen on kissing Sherlock’s tender full lips when the detective pulled away.
John sensually came an inch closer, almost pressing his lips against Sherlock’s. “I’d like to see you try, Sherlock.”
Mycroft grinned mischievously, “You were promised that, weren’t you?” He pecked the D.I.’s lips. “Get in the car and remove all your clothes.”
Sherlock watched as John entered the kitchen to grab his wallet, hiding a small smile behind his lips.
“Sebastian Moran. Personally, known as Sebby. Intimately referred to as tiger.” A high-pitched voice said, penetrating the pheromones of rage being manifested from Sherlock.
Sherlock wanted to be unique; he didn’t want to camouflage in between the roses of a garden, he wanted to stand out like the weeds that destroyed the heavenly glow of a rose. Sherlock strived to become a genius and use his deductions to get him further into his awaited future but that simple dream never came true.
Jim smiled psychotically and looked directly into the camera, “
Sherlock glared at the D.I. “Crystal clear but do you have to set up a pretend drugs bust to bully me? Is it fun to come here and mess up my flat?”
Molly began to introduce Jim to everyone. “Jim, this is Sherlock Holmes and this is John.”
“And I suppose it was kind for you to flirt with her boyfriend?”
The detective smirked as he walked away, catching up with John. “Exactly.”
“Now, the question is, where is her phone now?”
“Take my card. Take my wallet. Take it all because apparently you need more than one method to pay for food.”
“No.”
“Yup. He was over the moon. Threatened me with a knight hand… again.”
The detective stood in place, completely confused and unhappy.
“Yes, but I would like Doctor Watson’s input as well.” Sherlock faced John. “John.” He pointed to the body and urged the blond to approach the dead woman.
Molly shook John’s hand and shyly smiled when she leaned in to whisper, “Are you his boyfriend?”
Sally bared her fangs, “Fuck you, freak.”
But the forceful collision of John’s head against Sherlock’s, was enough to leave Sherlock disoriented for a second. During his short period of recovering from the blow, Sherlock felt himself being pressed down into one of the seats of the bus. In exactly seven seconds, John thrusted his knuckles against Sherlock’s face and smiled when he heard the morbid crack of Sherlock’s jaw.
John was not used to the
John kept locking eyes with Sherlock as he tried his best to not become dizzy. “
Sherlock looked towards the closed door and waited for the perfect moment to move; Victor was halfway across the bed when the Alpha lunged towards the frail boy. The Omega boy moved to the side and went around the bed, he tried to move his scrawny legs as fast as he could but a large hand wrapped itself around his bony ankle.
Sergeant Donovan wanted to punch Sherlock in the face. “I don’t…” As she was about to insult the detective, she noticed John. “Who’s this?”
Sherlock was about to get up and play his violin when he heard the downstairs door open and the sound of footsteps rushing upstairs.
Mr Ewart turned around in his seat, looking up at the picture while Sherlock came closer to the man and scrutinized Mr Ewart’s back. John quietly watched Sherlock do his thing while he took notes and pretended to be the perfect husband.
Spock observed the doctor then faced his mate; Kirk was giving Spock a look that translated into
Sherlock opened his eyes and lifted himself off his chair and grabbed his silver revolver and started to shoot bullets towards his wall in front of him. Lestrade started to laugh at Sherlock’s reaction.
Moriarty made a
Sherlock stopped his rapid pace and turned to stare at John, he was 103% sure that he wanted to kiss John on the mouth. Right now, in this moment in time, Sherlock wanted to capture John’s lips and feel the smooth rhythm of their mouths intertwining. My gosh, if John really tried, he could be another Sherlock Holmes but Sherlock wouldn’t want to change a single damn thing about John.
The detective reached his flat and slammed the door behind him. He was so angry at himself for being distracted and it wasn’t even a good distraction! Sherlock didn’t like feeling lost or confused, it annoyed the bloody hell out of him. He ripped off his coat and flung it on the couch. The detective approached the mirror in the living room that hung above the mantelpiece that housed his skull. He looked at himself in the mirror and violently began to unbutton his shirt.
Sherlock knew exactly who saved him and he couldn’t say anything besides breathing loudly and feeling his small chest rising and falling. The man protectively slipped his colossal hands from the boy’s waist to his chest, rough fingers were splayed across Sherlock’s collarbones. The Omega boy felt himself hyperventilating and the boy couldn’t resist to wrap his slim fingers around the massive hands holding him down.
Sherlock frowned. “Her daughter? Why would she write her daughter’s name? Why?”
“Get his attention, stop the clock.”
Sherlock didn’t respond to the owner, instead his blue eyes searched for John’s gaze and tried to find the right word to express his regret and forgiveness, but he remained silent.
Blood.
John quickly straddled himself on top of Sherlock and the two men rolled around for bit, both trying to dominate one another but the blond managed to be on top. John straddled the detective’s hips and tightened his grip on Sherlock’s wrists, which were currently pinned to the floor. The detective thrashed against the blond’s hold but John simply tightened his grip.
The detective came across a locked door and tried to open it, he failed. So, he pushed himself against the door and it opened. As he entered the bedroom, he was faced with a dead body, a body that belonged to Edward Van Coon. The man had a bullet inside his temple.
Irene smiled devilishly and sensually dragged her tongue against Molly’s cheek, delighting herself in the violent shivers radiating through Molly’s body. In a matter of seconds, Irene wrapped her long fingers around Molly’s throat and forced herself upon Molly. Molly evaded the touch of Irene’s lips and pushed the taller girl back.
“Oh, sorry. I didn’t…”
Before Sherlock could proceed to take more pictures, he felt something nuzzling his leg and he looked down at the creature touching him. “Oh! Who’s this?”
The detective snorted. “If you’re concerned about me having feelings for my flatmate, you are mistaken. I feel nothing for him, just mutual respect.”
As if on cue, the detective’s mobile beeped, a new text message came through. Sherlock bounced in glee as he reached for his phone, checking the message and grinning widely at the new case Lestrade had for him.
“And why is that?”
Why were John’s eyes shining? Why was he allowing the stranger to be
“Ticket stubs.” Sherlock corrected.
John tried his best to not meet Sherlock’s gaze but his eyes met with Angelo’s across the restaurant. Angelo was behind the bar and he made a heart shape with his hands and blew kisses to John and Sherlock. John couldn’t help but smile in embarrassment and instead, he faced the detective, but he was met with starry blue eyes observing him. When their eyes met, Sherlock quickly broke the contact and resumed to staring at the window.
John came up to Sherlock. “
“I want to know.”
“I call it… Urban Bloodlust Frenzy.” Raz chuckled. “Who’s this?”
“Of course, they stole something from the hoard. The killer doesn’t know which one of them took it, so he threatens them both.” Sherlock looked at the building in front of them. “Remind me. When was the last time that it rained?”
The detective waited for John to respond. “John, pen.”
John turned on the engine. “
“It’s Anderson.”
Sherlock suspiciously eyed John for a moment before returning his attention to the window. Then he replayed the conversation in his head again and he faced John, in pure shock. He came closer to John and spoke awkwardly, “John, um… I think you should know that I consider myself married to my work, and while I’m flattered by your interest, I’m really not looking for any…”
Sherlock couldn’t physically prove why John and him were meant to be together but Sherlock called it intuition and that was enough for him. Sherlock looked himself over, he nodded in approval and went towards the window. A coach was waiting for him, Sherlock looked over his breeches and double checked to see if he looked appealing enough for he didn’t want to ruin the wedding for looking improperly dressed.
“Sebastian.” Sherlock said as he shook the man’s hand.
.” The blond looked into Sherlock’s eyes. “
“Nothing. Just left a little message.” Sebastian said as he opened the door to an office.
“Numbers… come with partners.”
Sherlock’s voice began to crack while he rested his forehead onto John’s shoulder. “Oh, he must have mentioned me. This is… this is horrible. I mean, I just can’t believe it. I only saw him the other day. Same old Ian. Not a care in the world.”
Sherlock placed his hands behind his back and bit back the urge to punch his brother square in the face for saying those words.
The detective realized what he did and became embarrassed as he accidentally licked the sauce from his finger. Sherlock was burning up with shame as he changed the topic.
John was intrigued by the skull resting on the mantelpiece. “
John and Sherlock were in a cab while Sherlock began to explain who Carl Powers was, “1989, young kid, champion swimmer, came up from Brighton for a school sports tournament…”
Sebastian used the advantage of John’s disorientation and wrapped his hand around John’s neck, pressing John against the wall and snarling in his face. “I’m about to beat the shit out of you for hurting Jim and attacking Sherlock.”
The detective snorted. “Since when did you become a poet?”
“Hey.” Mrs Hudson eyed the wall. “What have you done to my bloody wall?!”
The phone beeped once and a photograph popped up on the screen, it depicted a living room that seemed abandoned, a flat that hasn’t been occupied by anyone in a long time.
Sherlock received another text message with three pips and followed by a photograph of a woman he didn’t recognize. “That could be anybody.”
John was with a worker who dealt with the train tracks where West’s body was found, trying his best to figure out the case by himself while scavenging for data. The constant haggle he experienced from Mycroft was becoming tiresome.
The detective looked to the side, noticing how close John was to him.
The detective interrupted Dimmock. “That’s how he got into the bank — ran along the window ledge onto the terrace. I have to find out what connects these two men.”
“Greg! Its Greg!”
Mycroft blushed. “Thank you.”
Sherlock’s phone rang and he immediately answered, putting the call on speakerphone. “The painting is a fake. It’s a fake, that’s why Woodbridge and Cairns were killed.”
Sherlock looked into John’s eyes. “I’ve been expecting this for some time.”
Sherlock and John are on a case together!
The detective spoke with Van Coon’s PA and figured out that Edward Van Coon was delivering a heavy package to a specific place before taking the tube and grabbing food at a restaurant.
The blond turned his back and went upstairs, with the stained shirt in hand.
“Because our hearts are capable of sentiment, we are vulnerable to weaknesses. All that I’m saying is that having a weakness is not bad. Weaknesses are subtle reminders of those we allowed to become important to us. It reminds us that we have opened ourselves to those we love. If John is your weakness, then don’t be afraid to embrace that.”
Sherlock and John exited the area, John was ahead as the detective stayed behind with Dimmock. “We’ll just slip off. No need to mention us in your report.”
Golem remained still, placing more pressure on the woman’s face and tossing her dead body aside. The tall man pressed all the buttons on the machine, making the entire theater go black when flashes of light appeared everywhere like broken flickering lights that never stop twitching. Sherlock and John couldn’t see the Golem throughout the blinding lights.
Sherlock faced the D.I. “Perfectly fine.”
John went to lean against Sherlock’s body, firmly holding onto Sherlock’s arm and gazing up at his ‘husband’. “
“You got it. The points.” Sherlock said, standing a few feet behind John and admiring John’s tenacious determination.
Sherlock remained shocked, he numbly sat down on the bed and tried to look for the signs he missed. “That can’t be possible.”
The Omega boy screamed and cried in repugnance when he felt the Alpha’s lips against his skin, Victor’s lips were cold, chapped, and dead. The boy shuddered in revulsion when he felt the Alpha’s tongue being dragged along his cheek. Sherlock was crying so much that the alleviation of trying to breathe was impossible.
Soo Lin Yao was in a room, making tea in one of the clay pots, completing her duty by caring for these ancient relics. She was minding her own business, doing her usual routine in a lowly lit room.
The detective faced the blond. “What?”
The man —with one sniff could be detected as an Alpha— smiled and licked his lips. “Jim says hi.”
London truly was on the brink of resembling a life where a zombie apocalypse hit and never left.
John held onto Sherlock’s arm. “
Sherlock lifted the tape and went beneath it. “Always Sally. I even know, you didn’t make it home last night.”
“Do you reckon this is connected, then, the bomber?” Greg asked as he pointed towards the dead body with his chin.
Sherlock did not want to carry the burden of having others’ respect due to the name tied into his family history. No, he wanted to gain the respect from others due to the reputation he would create for himself and he wanted to carry on
John was confused, “
John pushed Sherlock back, managing to escape the detective’s hold. “
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Never mind that, go on, I’ll catch up.”
“Who is he? Have you met him before?” The detective asked.
But this was for John’s sake, perhaps he can find John before the wedding and they can elope together. Or he can tell John about the abominations his parents have done and save John. Or… damn, he needed to save John Watson, no matter the cost. Sherlock will not be a slave to his brother’s threats, so, Sherlock decided to tell the coachman to ride faster and arrive at the cathedral earlier than expected, so he can tell John everything.
The detective faced the blond. “What? Yeah, yeah I’m fine.”
“How do you know that?”
Sherlock wanted more of the hidden vigor that John was unknowingly taming, he knew that John had an equally potent force that could combat Sherlock’s own malevolent energy but never enough to defeat Sherlock’s reign. The waves of unhallowed flames were spreading throughout Sherlock’s veins and the unholy sensation of finding the perfect mate caused Sherlock to revert back into primal instincts that overtook his following actions.
Sherlock had been running around, dodging bullets and chasing the killer. Currently, the detective was hiding behind a statue as he waited for the killer to stop shooting.
Dimmock accepted Sherlock’s terms and took both men to the crime scene. The detective entered the flat, storing every detail in his mind palace when he found another black flower on the ground. Dimmock and John entered the flat afterwards, following Sherlock.
Once Sherlock left the hotel, he kept running until he reached the building where Greg was holding his party. The Omega boy entered the hotel and noticed many people taking party supplies to the thirteenth floor, where he suspected that his brother was praising his mate for the promotion the Beta received.
Sherlock stopped in his tracks. “Don’t be ridiculous, come on!”
The Omega boy licked his lips when he noticed how meaty the man’s thighs were and how nice it would be to wrap his scrawny legs around the Alpha’s muscled waist. Oh, life wasn’t fair. Not fair at all. Out of every person that Sherlock could have a crush on, why did it have to be on the perfect Alpha that he could never have?
Sherlock would never stoop down to become a target to his enemies but when the boy realized that John Watson was the syringe to his veins, how on earth could Sherlock let go of the only instrument that allowed him to enjoy heroin. A beautiful addiction couldn’t be abandoned so easily and John Watson was an addiction that Sherlock couldn’t get enough of.
“In the bedroom.”
Sherlock looked over the body again, taking out his magnifier and looking directly into the woman’s skin. “John.”
What the actual fuck?
Before Sherlock could understand the meaning of those words, Sebastian opened the olive-green parka hugging John’s body. Sherlock’s eyes widened in fear when he realized that John was covered in latex, blinking lights were running over the deadly bombs attached to John’s body. Sebastian took a step back, puffing out a cloud of smoke before he walked away, winking at Jim.
Mycroft pointed at John’s shoes. “Your shoes told me. Grass stains are evident.”
Sherlock ran back from the entrance of the house and yelled at Lestrade. “
John simply stared into Sherlock’s eyes. “
John disappeared up the stairs, heading towards his room and closing the door behind him. The detective watched John walk away as the details of the situation came rushing to his mind. John wanted to kiss him; John actually wanted to kiss him which was a baffling fact. Yet, Sherlock pulled away.
The male werewolf accompanied by the female werewolf were quickly walking down the stairs and keeping a sharp eye on John Watson. Unknown to their blind spots, Sherlock immediately deduced that these werewolves were after John. One of the werewolves that Sherlock recognized immediately was Mary Morstan —an Alpha— surpassed her companion and reached behind her back to grab her gun.
Greg remained shocked as he quickly looked back at Sherlock. The D.I. looked to the side and covered his mouth, preventing himself from smiling like a big goof ball. He could clearly see that the detective was jealous. Never in Greg’s life did he ever see the great Sherlock Holmes being jealous.
Sherlock was ready to entertain his Alpha brother for a bit before Sherlock skillfully removed the tracker from his phone and hid away from the CCTV cameras so he could peacefully enter the den that distributed heroin and score enough heroin to last him for about a week. Before the Alpha left his flat, Sherlock noticed an untouched syringe filled with heroin.
“Its not the only copy. But it is secret. And missing.” Mycroft added.
Sherlock clenched his teeth together. “If I break off the marriage, you promise not to hurt him.”
Sherlock took a step forward. “I did.”
look towards the detective. “Mrs. Hudson, isn’t there a pie waiting be baked somewhere?”
John ran up the stairs and saw Sherlock shooting the wall. “
“Yes, well Custody Sergeants are known to not be hurried. The usual, fingerprints, charge sheet and a court date in the magistrates court on Tuesday.”
Sherlock began to play a rapid beat on the violin, a screeching high-pitched tune that was horrible to hear but it continued until Mycroft left 221B. The detective angrily placed the violin on his lap and fiddled with the bow in his hand.
John laughed as he hugged the detective, burying his face in Sherlock’s chest and holding the man tightly against him.
Lestrade interrupted Sherlock, “For god sakes Sherlock. You didn’t have to give me his whole life story. Give the man some dignity or some mystery to those who don’t read people in one look.”
The detective panicked. “Where are you going?!”
The elder Homes faced Lestrade. “Gregory, are you replacing me with another man?”
.” He motioned for the detective to open the folded paper. “
John stopped talking, not wanting to give the detective the satisfaction of letting Sherlock learn about his feelings towards the detective. Sherlock simply stared at John… waiting.
“We can have fun, baby. Let me take care of you. I promise to make you feel good.”
“Oh, how lovely! I can tell that you love him very much.”
The detective shook his head as he rolled his eyes. “What is the purpose of this?”
Eventually the Alpha became so powerful that whenever he came across a person who didn’t declare their loyalty to him, he had the capacity of murdering them and displaying the horrific murders on television, sending a clear message that those who didn’t join him were as good as dead. But the Alpha remained nameless and without a face, no one knew who he was until you joined his clan.
“Well, is this the boyfriend? John Hamish Watson. It seems you two are
Sherlock closed his eyes and threw his head back, this was it, the final problem finally being resolved. The Omega boy extended his fragile arms apart, he took one last breath before he allowed gravity to take his body towards the ground. But to the boy’s disappointment, he was saved. Strong arms were wrapping themselves around his bony waist and pulling him away from the ledge.
Sherlock didn’t hesitate to approach the bed when the scent of the person became stronger and
Sherlock cocked his head to the side. “I was just chatting with your secretary outside. She told me.”
. He began the conversation, “
Mycroft did his best to convince Sherlock to leave London but the detective was hot headed and believed that everything would be restored to normal again. Since Sherlock didn’t want to leave, Mycroft did his best to send food and basic necessities to Sherlock’s door without having to worry about walking into the streets and getting mugged.
Sherlock took the invitation and inhaled John’s scent, exaggerating the breathing sounds that escaped his nose and seductively purred out, “I feel my ears burning, are you guys talking about me?”
The detective got up from his chair and walked towards the window, “Is it too much to ask for some peace and quiet? Maybe, I want to stay in Mycroft. I thought you’d be able to deduce that. Oh, dear brother, you truly are becoming rather slow.”
The D.I. shifted his hands lower and grabbed Mycroft’s hardening shaft. The elder Holmes groaned into the kiss, as Lestrade bit down on the man’s lower lip. “I was promised to ride this cock in your car.”
John laughed. “
The Omega boy lifted himself on his tippy toes and bit his lower lip when he noticed that the man’s skin was tanned like the desert sand in the boiling hot dunes, his hair was an array of different shades that resembled fine wood, he had broad shoulders with massive biceps that could easily break the boy in two, and Sherlock felt himself drooling when he realized how thick and massive this man was.
Sherlock passed the blond a piece of paper, “There’s the number.”
Sherlock looked between Molly and this so called ‘Jim’ and returned his attention to the microscope.
John came downstairs, all dressed and noticed Sherlock in the kitchen.
“Backside?!” Greg asked in a haze of confusion.
Moriarty crudely pulled off the gray tape covering John’s mouth and flung the tape to the side. “Ya know, I didn’t get what you saw in this broken blond boy. I used to think he was too ordinary for you.”
For those like Sherlock, a death dealer, this signaled the end of an era. Like the weapons of the previous century, they too, the vampires, would become obsolete.
Since that day, Sherlock hated Omegas and through the bruises, cuts, wounds, and scars that were placed onto Sherlock’s body and the wrongful label of Sherlock being a monster, he managed to survive. Sadly, his survival only encouraged the torments of others to bully him to no end but a situation where an Omega hatefully accused him of something he didn’t do, never
After about thirty minutes, John entered the flat and greeted Greg. “
John stared at the detective in shock, and on cue, everyone else in the flat remained silent and stared at Sherlock. The detective looked around the room and awkwardly made his way towards the blond. “Not good?”
The blond made a new friend. Yay!
King and Queen Watson proceeded to greet King and Queen Holmes when Sherlock felt his throat constricting. The man before him was the son of King and Queen Watson and… he was… beautiful. The prince was shorter than him; he had fair golden hair, cobalt blue eyes, and tanned skin that made his eyes pulsate brighter.
“Come on Sherlock. Let’s get food cause I’m starving.”
Sherlock and John entered a massive bank, the blond was not surprised that when the detective mentioned
“Ssh! John, concentrate. I need you to concentrate. Close your eyes.”
“Hm.” The detective looked at Lestrade.
John came down a few steps and found himself behind the detective. “It’s murder, all of them. I don’t know how, but they’re not suicides, they’re killings — serial killings.” Sherlock grabbed John’s arm and pulled him down the remaining stairs.
John crouched down to touch the tracks, seeing how clean the tracks were. “
Sherlock released John and came closer to Mr Ewart. “We love each other immensely. I’d move mountains for John. So, you didn’t know Mr Monkford well?”
Due to Sherlock’s cold demeanor, this brought upon an awakening of other bullies that were waiting for someone like Sherlock to be their leader. In exactly two days, Sherlock managed to create his own posse with fucked up people who never failed to let Sherlock down. His group included backstabbing characters like Jim Moriarty, Sally Donovan, Irene Adler, Sebastian Moran, Phillip Anderson, and Janine Hawkins.
Mycroft smiled devilishly. “No. Something worse. If you don’t break off this marriage, I will kill John Watson.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I’m fine. Thank you for your visit but I don’t need all those cases.”
“What are you doing?” Sherlock aggressively asked.
Molly grew agitated. “He’s not gay! Why do you always have to spoil… he’s not!”
“But before I kill you. I have a question. Do you have it?”
Sherlock opened the door to the apartment, pushing his way inside and entering the flat.
Or so they thought.
“What for? There are hospitals full of people dying, Doctor. Why don’t you go and cry by their beside and see what good it does then?”
The detective pointed ahead, “Northumberland Street’s a five-minute walk from here.”
Sherlock wanted to become darkness; he wanted to create a sinister image that represented his true nature. A demon that craved to skulk about in the shadows and produce an infection that could wipe out god’s most weakest creations. This world belonged to the hidden ones, the ones who are vulnerable enough to give up everything in order to be owned by a darker force.
John shook his head and rolled his eyes as he became accustomed to being mistaken for the detective’s boyfriend or in this case, husband. Sherlock smirked as he took a seat.
“Yeah. And can we use your balcony?”
“Westie wasn’t a traitor. It’s a horrible thing to say!”
Sherlock wrapped one arm around John’s waist and held the Omega’s hand in between his pale fingers.
Sherlock tried to bring back the conversation concerning Connie Prince’s death. “I’m so sorry to hear about…”
Angelo came closer to John. “Don’t fret, I’ll get candles for the table. It’s more romantic.”
John smiled. “
Anderson scoffed, taking a step forward and hovering over Sherlock. “What the fuck are you talking about Sherlock?! You’re gonna let that little shit walk all over you!”
“You can’t break into my flat.”
The man moved to the side and a mob of people entered the flat, Sherlock and John were attacked by Moriarty’s mob. Four of them, two Alphas and two Omegas went for John while two Betas and two Alphas seized Sherlock. Sherlock began to thrash against the people who were holding him back, he was snarling and baring his teeth at the idiots who touched John.
Soo Lin faced Sherlock. “Yes. I hoped, after five years… maybe they would have forgotten me. But they never really let you leave. A small community like ours… they are never very far away. He came to my flat. He asked me to help him track down something that was stolen.”
Sherlock rang the bell that belonged to Soo Lin Yao.
Could they not see the symbolic courtship of their union? Was the exchange of their blood too gruesome for others’ eyes when in reality, it was only meant to be viewed by John and Sherlock?
The detective grabbed another newspaper and covered his face, reading over the new articles provided to him.
Sherlock was coughing painfully when the Alpha covered his mouth, the boy was screaming against the Alpha’s palm but Victor managed to smother Sherlock’s muffled cries. The Alpha growled against the boy’s neck, he inhaled Sherlock’s scent and began to deliver disgusting kisses that were coated in leftover drugs that had dried on his lips.
Moriarty’s upper lip ticked to the side, emitting an annoyed groan. “Insanity. If ya think about it, insanity is pretty underrated.”
John tried his best to fix the problem but the fucking machine was not working with him, John huffed in annoyance as he banged the machine. He lost his temper and shook the machine which made things worse. Its as if the voice belonging to the machine became louder, attracting everyone’s attention which caused John leave everything. He exited the store with an annoyed disposition.
John smiled at his reaction. “
John sassily looked at Sherlock. “
“Yeah, okay, I did. But the flirting’s over, Sherlock. Daddy’s had enough now!” Jim sang in a high voice.
John took a sip of his tea. “
Sherlock stood up on his feet, seeing that the call was from a blocked number.
Lestrade cheekily licked Mycroft’s lips, “You got it love.”
Greg seemed bewildered at Sherlock’s lack of knowledge. “You haven’t seen the Hobbit? How? They are epic films.”
John knitted his eyebrows together. “
Sherlock lazily drifted his gaze to the sea of people entering the tube station when he came across cobalt blue eyes and sandy blond har, wait. Sherlock reverted his vision back to the familiar set of eyes and…
John was perplexed by the last comment. “
“Cut on her hand, its deep. Would have bled a lot, right?”
Lestrade wasn’t quite sure what John was saying but he got the general idea. “Thank you. You didn’t have too, due to what happened back there.”
Mr Prince turned around and faced the couple before him. “Oh! Aren’t you two just succulent snacks! Oh, you two are seriously a power couple.”
Liz punched Joe in the arm. “He’s mute, you asshole.”
“How so.”
“You’ve been clever to avoid him so far.” Sherlock supplied.
The two men remained on the floor for a bit when the detective spoke again. “I can still beat you.”
John felt his body bubbling in… well he wasn’t sure, but his body was becoming all tingly as he felt the coldness of the detective’s body radiating towards his body.
“There’s a mistake. Find out who Jennifer Wilson’s family and friends were. Find Rachel!” Sherlock and John were at the entrance of the house.
“I’m so sorry, John.”
The crowds of people outside were yelling towards the big screens, “
