Sherlock takes time to process that as he showers, brushes his teeth, uses mouthwash. He comes back into the room to find John fast asleep and realizes the window may be a bit belated and she may not hear him now but he sighs and grabs a blanket to cover her, putting together the rest of his suitcase before being ready to go, and coming back for a few final last seconds to kiss her on the forehead and whisper to her: "I love you too, John, I have since the start."
"No, I'm not, I…uh," John had forgotten to put them on but pretending she'd made the mistake on purpose would likely serve them both better.
John started to remember. It came back slowly but it did, every last inch. At first he felt angry as he stormed off to his own room and slammed his own door, dwelling on the idea that Sherlock was afraid of – that he had been taken advantage of.
"Come on, it'll be more comfortable to sleep without feeling sticky," John says, tapping on Sherlock's shoulder.
"Might it be time to pay those friends a visit then?" John asks carefully. "I mean, I like this body too and all, but it might be nice to be myself again."
"Aw, look at this, consulting detective all grown up into a human boy," Lestrade says as he pushes aside his papers. "Really, that's all it took?"
He inserts a first finger into John and makes his blogger cry out, knowing exactly what to reach for on every dive inside. He gets to three before John is making enough noise to echo through the empty building. Sherlock turns John around and starts lubricating his member. "Grab onto something to steady yourself, and let me know if you need me to stop," Sherlock instructs carefully as John reaches for the ever-too-convenient bar on the wall and pushes his arse back, awaiting Sherlock's insertion.
When he finally reaches John's waistline, leaving a trail of small kisses along the divide between nakedness and trousers, the doctor reaches down at grabs his hand. "Only if you are sure," John says quietly, clearly evident he's a bit breathless already from Sherlock's efforts.
"Well, uh, no – definitely don't be sorry about that," John says with a goofy half-smile, quite sated from orgasm as it were.
"Of course we're still sharing a bloody cab-" John starts before Sherlock walks away from him to the other side of the cab to get inside.
"Amenable," Sherlock huffs out in between moans and stolen kisses in between thrusts, taking in as much of John as he can take. Sherlock's made to feel in bliss when John starts kissing along his pale neck and bears down and suck and bite on certain bits that elicit the most noise from Sherlock.
"Happy Christmas," Lestrade says, handing John a bag that presumably is full of presents as him and Molly walk in. "The others are just going to head off to the restaurant and we'll meet them there if you are ready to go. Where's Sherlock?"
Sherlock grins. "Be ready in twenty minutes and we will go," Sherlock responds softly, leaning forward to place a kiss on John's cheek before moving to exit the room. He pauses for a moment and turns. "Not good?"
"Mary was a wonderful girl. Her parents did not approve of our engagement after finding out how we met, but I thought that it didn't matter. I enlisted and she promised she'd wait. I came back and she had already moved on, already had a husband and child," John says before sucking in a sharp breath. "Does the great Sherlock Holmes need to bring up any other latent traumatic emotions, or can I be done now?"
"Better, what do you mean better?" John asks quickly. "Do you know what's bothering Sherlock? He hasn't left his room all day."
Not twenty minutes later are Molly and Lestrade at their door, eager to see if this was a practical joke. Molly grins when she sees John. "You make a very pretty woman, I'm surprised. The structure was reformed just right so that you fit the female form, and it works on you." Before John can say a word, Molly grabs her hand and drags her upstairs. "Come on, we've work to do."
"Sherlock, did I do something," John doesn't get to finish his question before Sherlock's rushed out the door and slammed it behind him. "wrong?"
Sherlock opens up his legs, waving his knees around as he waits for John. A bit of nervous energy is coursing through him, much more defined than that is his arousal. They've done just about everything else by this point, but this will be the first time for Sherlock with John and at all. John pushes in the first finger and Sherlock hisses a bit, not expecting the feeling of the burn in the way it is. Sherlock nods for John to add another, and eventually something clicks in John's brain and he bends the fingers upwards, eliciting a deep moan from Sherlock's core.
John smiles and mouths thank you before she leans down over Lestrade's shoulder to let him know they are leaving and Lestrade awkwardly waves as they run out the door. John turns off their stove and practically runs to the bathroom and strips off her dress to jump in with Sherlock.
"As purple has always been yours," John says with a gulp as he looks down quickly and back up. "So, um, well…Mary used to have to kneel and pretend to give head. Now, I mean, at any point if this becomes uncomfortable for you…"
"John, the others have brought something to my attention that we should clarify," Sherlock says softly as John still won't look at him. "I was attracted to you before the change, and just because the jolt of shock from the change occurring is what sparked my move forward in our relationship, please don't think that when things are back to normal that means that I won't have the same problem I'm having now, where I can barely keep my hands off of you."
"You're just plain stupid if you think you don't have as significant of an affect on me," John responds as she curls into his side.
John rolls his eyes. "Sounds like a man very much in denial. I think we've always been together, just didn't have the brains to figure it out until there was a piece missing."
Lestrade and Molly laugh at them. "Well, that's our cue to leave. Thank you for letting us be witness to this event so we know you are not full of shite when the story is told again later," Lestrade says as he ushers Molly out the door with them.
"Jumpers were always well-suited to you," Sherlock answers as he wraps his hands inside John's jacket and fists his fingers around the material of John's jumper. "Maybe we can just skip the restaurant."
The investigation doesn't go over perfectly well. John can only remember tidbits of his medical knowledge as he takes his turn at the deductions. The team watches in awe as Sherlock re-teaches John different things that he gets stuck on in between his own brilliant discoveries. When it's over, John looks at Sherlock in shock. "That was brilliant."
John stands up, smiling gently. Sherlock reaches forward and wipes off the stray cum on the side of John's lip with his thumb. "I'm sorry, John."
"Is it my division? I'm quite busy, Sherlock," Lestrade says as he sorts through papers on his desk.
John blinks a few times before he can see anything. Even then things are more than a bit blurry. There's a heart monitor beeping on his side, an IV attached uncomfortably to his hand. Most notably, there's a man with brunette curls with dark circles under his eyes was resting his head on the left side of John's pillow, his slim hand wrapped tightly around John's arm.
Sometimes when John was around Sherlock noticed changes in his posture, in the way he examined John's appearance day-by-day. Some days he almost felt shy around John, and if nothing else Sherlock prided himself in being utterly forthcoming in speech.
"It is. However, us that have already had our food might be needing to retire home," Mycroft extends forward. "But please, do have a Happy Christmas." No one else was going to say it but since Mycroft did, the others got up extending holiday wishes before the only ones left at the table were John and Sherlock.
John looks over to the clock and groans. "It's only been three hours, go back to sleep." He shifts over to glance at Sherlock to find that he's still asleep.
"Well?" John asks, not knowing what other words to say even as there is a thousand that he could choose from.
Sherlock makes an animalistic sound in the back of his throat as he reaches down and connects their lips again, reaching for the lube and wetting his fingers before circling John's entrance. John moans into his lips as he dives the first finger in, followed by two more before John is bucking against him, disconnecting their lips to beg him for more. Sherlock quickly slicks up his member before aligning himself, pushing in quicker than intended, watching John's face as he does making sure everything with this is okay for him. John just grips the bed on either side, scrambling to hold something for support to keep it together while the pleasure wracks through him with every one of Sherlock's thrusts.
John nods. "I just – it's frustrating when he treats me like an experiment and not someone he has feelings for, you understand that, right?"
"I am perfectly aware that it's been twenty-one days, John, and as you can see I am perfectly fine," Sherlock says, though the rare spots of grey under his eyes show that he's lying. "Now, John, give me back the file" Sherlock asks, clearly showing more of his frustration to John as he reaches out for the file.
"It's worse because it doesn't make me uncomfortable. It should," Sherlock starts, not knowing how to finish that and sound decent.
John knew immediately that Sherlock wasn't just asking if the gesture was welcome, but if the emotion behind it was okay to John. It was a big question that Sherlock could barely process, and John knew the best way to approach it was to be gentle. "It's, uh, a bit awkward," John starts, and Sherlock nods as he begins to pull his hand away. John shakes his head, taking Sherlock's hand into both of his.
"Hey, watch it, I am trying to be nice," John says defensively. "Now stop criticizing how I look and start getting to sleep."
"On the contrary, if I tell John that I don't want him the amnesia is permanent – what if he doesn't want me around, this new John, if he feels that I'm lying about the romantic elements? It wouldn't take more than an idiot to deduce that I was responsive to his actions," Sherlock says as he lifts his head to look at Lestrade. "What is the right thing to do?"
Sherlock feels a vibration coursing through his whole body as John licks around the shaft, reaching down and sifting his fingers through John's short locks of hair. John swallows down as much of Sherlock's member as he can, moaning around the shaft as Sherlock's fingers hold him steady there. The moans cause a vibrato hum around Sherlock that the detective can't handle so soon and he explodes down John's throat.
"Really, I uh, well," John shouldn't be surprised just how much this interests Sherlock Holmes, king of controlling his emotions through a mind-palace. It's only probable that he'd want to learn everything to aid in that extreme. "You want me to teach you self-control?"
"It comes back in pieces, Sherlock, but it's working its way back," John promises as he stands up from his chair. "We're supposed to go look at a dead person then?"
Sherlock ponders that idea for a moment. "I didn't get enough time to figure out if I like that sensation or not."
"Thanks," John mutters as she runs a brush through her hair, admiring the female body a bit in the mirror while he does. "Sherlock's been extra attentive, should I be…worried?"
But then he remembered the more specific moments. He remembered how Sherlock had been careful with him, tried everything to bring his memory back. John remembered the moments that Sherlock was constantly checking if John wanted him even though he had been the one pushing for the romantic parts the entire time. Something that they were missing even though neither of them knew it until there was a piece missing, he'd been the one to say it.
"Teasing is half the fun," John says slowly, smiling as he takes Sherlock's hand and walks them out the door and out of the flat.
Sherlock takes a moment, hoping he's composed himself enough as he turns around. "I am looking at you, looking at you – and now I am going to go lay down. That's what you wanted, right?"
"Yes, okay, are we done now? Or do you want to brag about the fact that you made things easier again, because I am not in the mood to fuel your ego Sherlock," John says as he puts down his tea sharply and goes to walk upstairs.
"No," John mutters before reaching up and tangling his fingers in Sherlock's hair, pulling his face the final few inches so their lips can meet. Sherlock makes an intangible sound into John's lips as his hands start exploring every inch of John he can find, pulling them closer in every deepening of their kiss. Rutting into each other like there's no tomorrow and gripping on to each other for dear life until they have to come up for breath.
Sherlock can't find it in his mind to understand the behavior or the forgiveness, but follows John into the coffee shop nonetheless, eager to hear more. John orders both of them teas and some cookies before leading Sherlock to a table by a couch, which they both take their seats on.
"Not today, Sherlock," John replies swiftly, trying and failing to move backwards in the ridiculously small closet they got stuck in.
John grabs Sherlock's hand and guides it down to the detective's own member, pulling along with it for a moment. "I just have to get some things from the bathroom. I'm clean, tested every few months for work. You?"
"Terrible, really," Sherlock replies. "It's alright. You should have seen me after you first kissed me. I was in hysterics, frightened because I felt something."
John opens the front door and glares at Mycroft. "Go away, nothing's wrong. My boyfriend, your brother, is asleep and actually has a smile on his face."
As the actions draw to a close, John reaches forward in between their entangled bodies and strokes Sherlock with whispered pleas for the detective to cum first. Sherlock obeys with a loud scream as he finishes off before squeezing the walls of his entrance so toughly around John's member that the blogger immediately follows, spilling all of the seed he can offer into Sherlock's hole before pulling out slowly enough to not make shock occur.
"I think I'm the one who should be saying sorry," John says as he takes a seat beside Sherlock, reaching out and grabbing his best friend's hand. "What sort of arse am I? Last night we slept together, you lost your virginity on this mattress, and I go on and forget in the morning and kick you out."
"Mhm," Sherlock mutters over John's lips before kissing him again. When they part next for air, Sherlock laughs softly against John's lips. "I'm almost mad at you for postponing this so long."
"Of course," Sherlock replies like it should be obvious before really starting to feel the appeal of masturbation. "Do come back soon."
John talks for a little while longer, in the most well-mannered argument he's perhaps ever had, on the ways to behave in a first-time relationship with the younger Holmes. They finally come to the conclusion that John should just go home and wait for him, which he does.
Angelo smiles wide as he leaves the candles there and says he's got just the meals, on the house as always. Sherlock smiles ear to ear as he rubs his thumb over John's hand.
'I said yes. I must marry John Hamish Watson, immediately as possible. I would do so quicker if he wasn't pulling at my clothes while I'm completing typing this, and if he wasn't scolding me right now because I'm readying to publish more about this even as he continues to do so. Wait loyal readers of John's blog, for when we have that Sex Holiday thing. John's correcting me to say Honeymoon, but we all know the base mentality of it works better with my title. I love John, and he's murmuring he loves me too even though I won't let him have the keyboard back. I am completely and utterly enamored with my blogger.
"It's quite thrilling, could be dangerous even," John says as he grabs his coat out of Sherlock's hands and walks ahead of him out the door. Sherlock follows, a smile growing on his face as pieces of John start to become recognizable again.
Sherlock undoes John's trousers and pushes them away first, eyeing the bulge in John's bright red trousers hungrily. Sherlock can't reply with words anymore or play a game of wits with John as he devours John's cock for the first time through his pants, soaking them and making John's hands curl up in the sheets on either side of him. "Sherlock, you, fuck," John can't form the right words. "It might be easier if you were to…"
"Is that on the parameters grading towards your emotion towards me or is it more-so based on the fact of natural talent?" Sherlock asks slowly.
I didn’t know his name! After almost three weeks, I still hadn’t asked him his name, nor had he asked mine. I tried to guess some names that would fit him, but I found it was incredibly difficult. They all sounded like they were too boring to go with his alluring personality and his good looks. Charlie? Benjamin? Oscar? I don’t know, Kevin?
I clasped my hands behind my back and lifted my chin a little. ‘’I’m going to let you make the first move,’’ I told him with no further explanation.
Sherlock breathed in through his nose, then he let out a deep exhale as he crossed his arms over his chest, one of his hands rubbing at the side of his neck. ‘’My little sister is hearing impaired and her school doesn’t offer special needs classes in their facility. My job is to go there and act as her interpreter using the British Sign Language. It isn’t exactly that easy to replace me,’’ he explained, the pace of his speech slowed down by the lack of energy. The poor chap was exhausted.
My eyebrows shot up to my hairline. ‘’Wow, that’s…’’ I nodded a few times. ‘’I didn’t expect that,’’ I admitted.
But I said none of that out loud, of course. It was only for my own amusement, and besides, the world wasn’t ready for my terrific sense of humour yet.
The first time our paths crossed, it was on a rainy morning. Poetic, isn’t it? Though it wasn’t the type of rainy day one would spend sleeping-in or watching the telly, I’m afraid. I actually had to get up early to get to my new job, and to hell if I was going to come in late and make a bad first impression. The humidity in the air was suffocating and I remember I’d grumbled all the way to my destination, wondering why on Earth I had chosen to walk instead of hailing a cab to shorten my misery.
He shoved both hands into the pockets of his jeans and gave a one shoulder shrug. ‘’I’ve been buying my books at Papyrus for years. I recognized the shape and the pattern of your nametag; all your coworkers wear the same.’’
I opened my mouth to speak, but he pulled the cigarette out of his mouth and gave me a charming smile just before passing me.
Well, I suppose the reason was that I didn’t want to spend money when I could just walk there for free, but really it was in hopes that I’d lose a pound or two. I knew a seven minutes walk would probably make no difference whatsoever, but a man could dream.
‘’Here,’’ I heard to my left, a gloved hand taking the lighter from me just as I looked up. He averted his gaze almost immediately and lit up the flame easily, and for a second, I wondered why
‘’Just at the beginning of our encounter. You flattened your hair, either out of habit or out of nervousness. I’m guessing the latter.’’
He smiled at me. A real, genuine smile that created a dozen little laugh lines around his eyes and his jowls. I’m pretty sure I felt something break inside of me. It was probably my ability to think or to speak. Or both.
My mouth hung open for a few seconds. ‘’I don’t know,’’ I finally said with a silly smile. ‘’I don’t know. Something more…’’ I paused. ‘’… ordinary, I suppose.’’
He pressed his lips together in a slightly irritated manner, but he caught himself shortly after. ‘’Your body language.’’
He chuckled. ‘’You should hear my brother’s name,’’ he joked. The dozen little laugh lines came back, and so did my confidence.
It was another rainy Monday again. I could see him from afar, but I was focused on lighting up my cigarette with one hand busy holding my umbrella and the other trying to flick the flame to life.
I barked a laugh that startled a woman that passed by us. Sherlock’s laugh started with a snort but soon enough, I wasn’t the only lunatic wheezing in the middle of the street.
I thought of all sorts of things as people walked by me, all those strangers equally affected by the weather. My inner voice momentarily took the part of a talk show host.
There, I got him. He blinked a few times and swallowed down, but said nothing. He simply raised his chin and stared at me for a few seconds. He looked thoughtful.
I snapped out of my thoughts and stared at my customer with wide eyes. ‘’Sorry,’’ I told him with an apologetic smile. ‘’Persepolis volume 2, wasn’t it?’’
‘’Maybe,’’ he echoed, but didn’t try to argue and went on with his explanation. ‘’You’re nervous when I talk to you.’’
He turned his head in my direction but didn’t stop. ‘’I’m celebrating,’’ he replied, and I could hear a smile in his voice. So, it
‘’You’re afraid you’ve been getting the wrong signals and you don’t want to make a fool of yourself. It’s happened in the past.’’
Still, I had another question burning my lips, and he had stopped in his walk. Might as well. ‘’How come nobody can cover your shift for a day? Assuming you’re going to work,’’ I asked.
The next day, our eyes met again. Either out of nervousness or just to be polite, I offered him a little smile. Although it wasn’t reciprocated, I earned a long, scrutinizing gaze. It was an odd look. A bit as if he had only
On Wednesday, I believe I was blessed with a miracle. He smiled at me. Well – it wasn’t entirely a smile, rather he pressed his lips together and made eye contact, but still. He seemed to have acknowledged my presence and to me, it counted as a win.
And then it happened. The miracle that I thought had already happened a few days ago was in fact, right this instant, actually happening.
yet. His eyes were locked on me and it started to make me feel a little bit queasy inside. My mouth fell open slightly. ‘’I beg your pardon?’’ I croaked, my throat suddenly very dry.
I realized I’d been chewing the inside of my bottom lip while he was talking. I wasn’t exactly affronted by his statement, just surprised he figured it all out before I had the chance to say anything. But he was entirely right. I stared at my shoes for a few seconds, then I shrugged and sniffed nervously before looking back up at him. ‘’I’m being careful, that’s all.’’
The bloke turned the corner, all fancy clothes and prominent cheekbones and all. He was dressed to impress. He always seemed to be. Maybe he was working for the government?
Cheekbones turned the corner and ran into me. He was – ‘’Late again?’’ I asked instead of apologizing, or at least saying hello.
On Thursday, I noticed he looked grumpier than usual. ‘’Bad night?’’ I asked as we approached each other. He stopped abruptly, stared at me and yanked up his left sleeve. ‘’Oh, Lord, have mercy,’’ I chuckled as my eyes landed on not one, but three nicotine patches spread neatly across his forearm.
The weekend flew by and Monday came far too fast. The sky was clear of ominous clouds, at least, though I was a little overdressed for the weather. Thankfully, the walk to my job was only seven minutes long and I was soon to be reunited with my current best friend, the Air Conditioner.
‘’Quite the observation,’’ he responded with a grin that made me melt from the inside. He took a small, slow step that made me feel like I was being crowded in a corner in the best kind of way. ‘’And what are we going to do about that?’’ he added, low and playful.
‘’Lips parted, nostrils flaring. Visually open facial expression. You’re a short man but you stand tall, shoulders square. Every morning I see you appraise my outfit. You don’t hide it. You let me see that you like what you’re seeing.’’
The weather was beautiful on Monday. Surprisingly, it was the first time I saw Cheekbones without his dark clothing. He was wearing jeans and a plain white shirt. I almost didn’t recognize him. So, definitely not working for the government. They would never let him meet people in high places dressed like that.
His laugh instantly made me feel better. I was relieved that he didn’t seem offended by my questionable sense of humour. I usually tried my best not to be so cynical when I first met new people, but for some reasons, I always seemed to be forgetting to behave in front of Sherlock.
At this very moment, I was convinced that my brains had just imploded and that my heart was about to burst right out of my chest. On the outside, I looked steady and composed. But from the way he was gazing into my eyes, I knew he could tell my legs were this close to give under my weight.
I had a cigarette stuck between my lips as Cheekbones walked past me. Without having the decency of keeping his facial expressions to himself, he gave me a curious look, but didn’t say a word. Neither did I.
As we approached each other, I looked up at him like I had taken the habit of doing, as if I was daring him to shove me aside another time.
"But he thought Sherlock was dead, he wouldn't need to go after you. So why did you put yourself in danger?"
"That's the point, I don't look dangerous, but I am a soldier. People forget that, they just see the Doctor part. That was Moran's mistake," he said darkly.
'It's damn good to see you awake Sherlock. It's been too quiet in here. Trust you to wake up the one time John isn't here. He literally left about ten minutes ago.' He gave Sherlock a knowing look. ' He hasn't left your side the entire time you've been here, he was worried sick. All of us were in fact.'
"That's what friends are for. Mind you I can still remember Molly's reaction to finding out you and Sherlock were married and you were pregnant. I've never seen her so angry."
He gently placed a kiss on Sherlock's hand before letting it go, giving Greg a grateful look before exiting the room. Time for the big reveal. Mary wouldn't know what hit her. She had made a big mistake going after Sherlock. One she would now pay for.
'After my brother's reappearance, I became aware of your past discrepancies, I needed more time to gather enough information on you and to confirm some of our ideas. If I had left things as they were John would have ended things with you directly after the parliament case. As it was, we made a plan, which included you still believing that John Watson loved you.'
The next photo made him wince. It was a photo of the blood pool left behind by Sherlock. Just looking at it made him feel queasy. He rubbed his stomach gently, bracing himself before looking at it again. And again.
"What can you deduce about the house that I chose to stay in Sherlock?" They locked eyes before Sherlock sat up, back against the headboard of the bed. He immediately went into his thinking pose, steepled hands against his lips. God, it had been so long since he'd seen that familiar sight, and John loved seeing it once again. Sherlock finally spoke.
'Yes, I'm sure to an honourable soldier like yourself, trickery and deceit are somewhat distasteful to you. Though you have performed admiradly, I must admit.'
‘We lowered it initially to allow yourself to wake up, we are also aware of your past history so we need to keep an eye on how high your levels are. Hopefully that should kick in soon and you won't be in so much pain anymore.’ She gave him a small smile before turning to John. ‘If you need anything else, just press the call button,’ she finished before leaving the two men alone in the room again.
"How far along?" Sherlock whispered, his hands trailing down to John's stomach, his eyes suspiciously bright.
"Cum with me John, cum for me," he whispered into Johns ear. The next moment John came with a loud cry of 'Sherlock', and the clamping down of his muscles around Sherlock's own cock instigated his own release.
'You planned this didn't you, didn't even want me in the same room as your precious Sherlock.' She sneered as Anthea put the handcuffs on her. John eyed her cautiously, aware of her background, even when pregnant she was dangerous, he couldn't let his guard down just yet. 'You think you've won, but you've already lost. Your weak John, you always have been. Without me your nothing, just like you've always been, a washed up soldier. If it wasn't for you Sherlock wouldn't even be in this hospital, he wouldn't have had to pretend to be dead. Him and Jim would still be playing the game, but you just had to get involved, had to make the great Sherlock Holmes just that little bit more human. You ruined him.' She screamed at John, her eyes wild with fury.
No he couldn’t think like that. Sherlock would come back, he’d be changed, war does that to a man, and that was what Sherlock was doing, waging war on Moriarty’s web, and for once he was the person on the other side, waiting for his soldier to come home. He would do anything to be there for him, and if not for circumstances he would be. But he had other priorities first. Their child came first. Sherlock would need him when he returned and they’d be there waiting to welcome him home.
"It was one of MI6's undercover locations, I investigated into who had used it recently, I was only able to find their code name, 3CW. This was of course no use to me as there also seemed to be no records of that particular code name. That aside, at least your safe now."
'Yes, which we have now, with your help confirmed. I'm sure it was shocking for you to find out that she had been one of the snipers at the pool. '
"Yeah, I guess so. I learnt a lot from Sherlock, but I want him to be the one to teach our children."
Wow another update so fast, I'm kinda surprised at myself. So we're finally here, we got some angst and a bit of fluff and Johnlock has arrived. Hope you enjoy
'I do believe that's where I step in. Ms Morstan, it would be best if you came without force, afterall you still have your child to think about.'
'Its not your fault John, Sherlock has a tendency to run off during cases you know that, you can't always have your eye on him. Your not to blame and I won't hear you blaming yourself. Your a good man John Watson, and you good for Sherlock too.' John shook his head sadly.
'She was one of the snipers at the pool. She wanted Sherlock dead, me dead and I just let her waltz into my life, like she was supposed to be there, and everything she said, everything she did was a lie. She had orders to seduce me, to keep an eye on me and I didn't even notice. I thought, I really thought that she would be someone I could fall for, that I could finally move on. That I wouldn't feel so empty anymore. But it was a lie, the whole bloody thing was a con.'
'I think hitting you several times was bad enough mate, I don't think he wanted you to know. He didn't want to look weak, and he asked, no begged me not to say anything to you. He was just happy you were back, and he'd already forgiven you. He didn't want you blaming yourself, distancing yourself from him.'
"To ending it?" John finished. There was silence on the other end of the phone. "Honestly I don't know if I would have, but the amount of time I spent cleaning my gun, it wasn't healthy. You were right when you said I missed the war. I missed the excitement, I missed the adrenaline rushing through my veins, protecting people. The worst was that I felt so lonely, so out of contact with people that I didn't think anyone would miss me. I didn't connect with anyone anymore. Not until I met your brother. Honestly, Mike recognising me and talking to me, it was the best thing that ever happened to me. Meeting Sherlock changed my life, he saved me in all the ways that a man can be saved. There was a connection from the beginning and I think you saw that, even if I did deny it at the time."
"It's no problem, Greg's going to be busy with Mycroft tonight, and you know how much I love them. You need this time John, you and Sherlock need to reconnect with each other. You'll both have things that need saying, and that means both of you have to be willing to listen to the other, with no distractions." John smiled. Whereas Greg had been his closest friend over the last two years, Molly had been his rock. Breaking the news of his and Sherlock's marriage had been more of a shock to her than him knowing that she had had a hand in Sherlock's death'. Once she's gotten over it she had realised how well he and Sherlock fitted, and with the reveal of his pregnancy and the threat to his life she had risen to the occasion brilliantly. Both she and Greg had helped him move out of his home, to this house. But more importantly it was she that had helped deliver both of his babies, she who had been there for a shoulder to cry on when things had gotten bad. As if knowing where his thoughts were she gave him a smile. "Don't worry John, you'll be back at Baker Street before you know it." John blinked, then laughed.
Regardless, after a few minutes of deliberation and locking lips, they walk down to Angelo's. The owner, as usual, is more than happy to see them there. He goes to pull away the candles.
"I thought you weren't good at these things," Sherlock jokes softly, a real smile finally gracing his lips again.
John doesn't know why he's moving his lips with Sherlock's, why he's playing along. Sherlock pushes him back towards the wall, effectively knocking things over that cause loud clangs and startle them both apart, quietly waiting to see if anyone heard. Luckily, the murderers seem to be preoccupied and yelling at each other. Sherlock blinks a few times at John before saying a word. "Sorry."
Sherlock feels he should say no. He feels he should tell John this just isn't how they are and that they aren't dating and promising a thousand times that in reality John doesn't do this. But when John reaches up and pulls their lips together once more, something in Sherlock snaps and kisses back. Perhaps it occurred to him that this might be the only chance he gets and he can't help but take the opportunity.
Sherlock twisted at the sound of John’s voice over the coms. What on earth did he think he was doing?
John's pacing had stopped. It was eerily quiet upstairs and Martha fretted in her dressing gown, going into her kitchen and digging around in the biscuit tin for her cigarettes. She lit one, hand trembling and took a deep drag of the smoke. It was a comforting ritual, one she and Sherlock had often shared and John pretended not to notice. Maybe it could calm her nerves as her imagination spun any number of desperate scenarios.
Sherlock clicked the message closed, unsent. If his steps felt heavier than usual on the seventeen stairs down to the street he refused to acknowledge it.
“Fine, fine,” he heaved a sigh. “I’ll do Davis and Coleman. Give Linney and Adams to Gregson; he did buy you that one lead. But you have to take Reilly and the car.”
“Oi, don’t you dare!” John scolded without heat, pointing a finger at Rocket. “You set that poor lad on fire.”
Loo closed his laptop and turned toward the pair with a concerned frown. Mac didn’t miss a beat, “From Scotland, ya numpty.”
“Dear God, this is boring!” Nick declared, dropping into one of the spare chairs. “Is it wrong to want a good, old-fashioned car bomb to show up somewhere?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and muttered low enough that only John could hear, “Was that entirely necessary?” He saw the grin threatening at the corners of John’s mouth.
“Quite.” He disconnected the call and set the phone on the table. “I am beginning to reconsider the cost of sending you to sort the last of this mess.”
Sherlock wasn't sure if Donovan had seen it, the almost invisible, involuntary flinch, but Lestrade certainly had.
Sherlock shuddered at the description. “Your good friend and WISWO feels the IED you delivered is an aberration of some sort.”
“You bet.” He tugged John close and dropped his voice low. “Try handcuffs. I figure that’s a shared interest.”
All things considered, by his estimate, Sherlock would rise in the next quarter of an hour and seek out stimulant of some sort, and small blessings it would be coffee or tea rather than something stronger. Though Mycroft would not be shocked if he was needed to step in and diffuse the more powerful cravings, any temptation would likely be deterred by Dr. Watson’s presence in the flat. Thus making his own job easier, if not conceivably more verbally abusive.
“Nuh uh,” she shook her head. “We’ve been grounded for two days on account of our ATO getting shot. Didn’t you hear?”
“Took you three months to learn mine, and we’d been on the same base for a whole tour before that,” Screwhole muttered.
“Not what? Not lacking any and all functional retinal cones? Please, John,” he gave him a long look then released his shoulders and glanced down. “Is that why you’re wearing burgundy converse today? Doesn’t quite match that tee shirt. More of a blue than a grey.”
“Unreasonable? Sherlock,” he threw his hands up. “He wants us to sign the Official Secrets Act. Again, I might add. You always refuse Mycroft. Why this one? What’s so different about it?”
Gee spun a little too quickly to conceal a wince. “Sir. It’s fine. I’m fine. It’s absolutely nothing."
“Fine.” John wrapped the dishtowel around the frozen bag and pressed it to the bruise forming on the crest of his cheek with a sigh.
“Cheers, Boss.” She paused just in the door of his office. “Did he at least thank you for all your hard work?”
Sherlock raised a brow, deferring to John’s better judgment. Or rather giving John a chance to object and return to his planned dressing-down. Instead, he got a small nod.
She sighed and stood, heading towards the back rooms. “You sure you don’t want a shot at this bloke?”
She was careful and possibly belligerently slow peeling the shirt off, eyeing the blood-stained tear she’d been unable to see until her shirt was resting in her lap. By the time her arms were back down by her side, John could swear her shoulders were up around her ears with the tension of it.
“I do actually,” Nuttall tilted his head towards the Det. “I had a chance to look at the IED ATO pulled out of the ground today, and I think there’s something funny about it. Mind having a nosey?”
“I don’t know,” Nutsack threw up his arms. “I’ve been staring at it since ya gave it to me and I can’t come up with any good reason, but it’s not normal.”
“Strangely, that is why half of you are there, Bird: to handle situations on that end, while I’m carefully trying not to get blown to bits on this end.”
“Don’t look at it, look at me.” She smiled gently. “You can feel my hand, now just pass it under your leg above my hand. Good. And, both hands now, pass it through the loop. No, don’t look. Just… There. Perfect. Well done.”
“You and I clearly differ in our definition of ‘well.’” Sherlock stood and crossed the sitting room to inspect John’s new uniform. His old uniform, actually. “As I recall, Bainbridge survived
“Alright, arm out.” He held out a towel to blot her arm and began laying the jelonet across the burns. He worked quietly, smoothing the gelled mesh up the length of her forearm.
John pushed into the med tent and was struck with a familiar fondness. Some things never changed. With no more than a glance, the practiced routine of ingrained system made it as easy to find supplies as if he’d stocked the place himself. And be it tradition or discipline, Mag Aoidh kept to the same standards. Even the way she had braced her knuckles against the desk, John wondered if stubbornness was a prerequisite for their vocation. “Sit down, Captain.”
"Any ideas yet?" Lestrade addressed him, but Sherlock didn't turn around and waved a hand for quiet. Donovan snorted.
“It is necessary, John.” Sherlock neatly shuffled the documents into a crisp pile and filed them away. “It will explain the time between now and when you were last-“
Mac tossed a bottle to John who caught it one handed and settled Gee against the side of the mastiff as Towerblock and Rocket hoisted Loo into the vehicle.
The quiet shattered with another round blasting through one of the tables. On reflex, Simon propped his forearms on the edge of the table and squeezed off a few rounds with his side arm.
“Let’s go lads!” Jasmine hollered, taking her place at the side of the Loo’s gurney and heading for the airlift.
“Don’t trust you taking out your own stitches. Besides,” John shrugged. “If you’re not in fighting form, someone ought to keep them in line.”
“Yes, Sherlock, sleep.” And with that, John turned his back and stripped off his long sleeves, tossing the shirt over the bar at the foot of his bunk before stooping to unlace his boots.
By the time they’d made it back to base, Loo was reasonably comfortable, with a pair of IV cannulas running into each arm, feeding fluids and medication. John had thrown some Wound Seal into the open wound, but left the tourniquet on tight. Rocket was first out the door, taking the foot of the gurney as John took the head. Gee scooted out beside them, holding Loo’s hand firmly as they made their way towards the waiting helo.
Nick forcibly bit back some harsh words and tilted his head. “Explain. And I’ll try to make a fair judgment on whether or not you should be sectioned.”
“Not currently, no. I was. Which was a terrible byproduct of being dashing and brave and ultimately shot. Thankfully, Gee managed some unholy acts of terror against my person, as a result of which, I am no longer bleeding.” He pushed past her in search of a fresh uniform, casually shucking his already open shirt and vest. He rooted around in his locker for anything clean.
Happy that no one else needed anything, she made her way behind the second CV and crossed her arms to glare down at Sherlock. “You’re a tit,” she said flatly.
She clenched her jaw and squinted back out at the remains of their cordon. “I can’t tell if you’re serious.” She glanced back down and sighed, holding out a hand. “But the next time someone shouts ‘down,’” she grimaced with the effort it took to pull him up. “Get the fuck down, yeah?”
“Fucking fine,” she muttered under her breath. After another moment to catch her breath, she toggled the coms again. “Anyone need me?”
He stumbled up the stairs as silently as he could he manage, one hand clutching the banister while the other wrapped around his bruised and aching chest. The gang had had knives. And heavy boots. And fists. And Sherlock had been careless, cornered and outnumbered. They'd gotten several good swings of feet and fists and blades before Lestrade and his team had caught up. His ribs had taken a beating, as had his back, and his face must be a veritable Jackson Pollock of bruises and cuts. His lip was definitely split and his nose had been bleeding at some point.
John raised his eyes and very slowly lowered his coffee to the DFAC tabletop, watching Medhurst stomp across the open yard to tent. He was sure he wanted to hear what was about to happen, and he was even more sure that no one else wanted him to hear it. Casual eavesdropping it was.
Sherlock straightened and flipped open one of the files. “Bluestone 42: bomb disposal unit, currently on deploy at Base Frost in the Helmand. Nearly completing their second deployment together. Generally considered the best and yet the least sane squad outside of Bastion.”
The room quieted as all four of them settled into their bunks. Towerblock shoved his pillow under his head and finally closed his eyes.
“Hardly safe from accidental disclosure of classified information.” Sherlock continued to pace the narrow confines of the room.
Oddly, John seemed to be the exception to most rules. His proficiency with and willingness to brandish a fire arm along side his dedication to the Hippocratic oath. His size and stature compared to his competence and confidence. His ability to blend, appear unassuming, benign, and amiable while in actuality, he was gruff, even belligerent, bull-headed, secretive, and absolutely brilliant.
All over Sherlock’s face. Blood. Streaked from his nose, his lip, a lac over his left brow. Blood. Ran down the side of his face. It looked like… looked… just like… No. John shook himself. Black eye. Lac on forehead. Slices in his shirt. Blood. His right knee was bleeding, his trousers torn. And the way he was standing, shifting, there was more. More blood. More injury. More that John couldn’t see and couldn’t put his hands on and couldn’t stop.
John woke. It wasn’t with a start, or slowly and with a stretch. He simply came awake instantly and completely. The movement that had woken him repeated. And the entire weight of another body, a warm body, passively pinning him to the bed became the sole focus of his attention. It was a soft movement. Fingers curling and uncurling in the front of his tee-shirt. Unpredictable, lazy, unconscious movement. That he wasn’t alarmed, alert, hyper vigilant and hyperventilating should have been unusual. But there was a familiar smell – comfortable and normal – overlaying the desert and camp and military.
Sherlock scowled. “I’m sorry, but if all you needed was an audience for poor humor, I’m afraid Major Watson was about to read me the riot act. So if you don’t mind.”
John paced across the well-worn rug of the sitting room. Thinking first. It was late, but she was on the night shift this week. She’d be awake, he told himself as he rang Molly. He rang her first, because if she knew where Sherlock was, it would give John another log to fuel his smoldering rage. She answered on the second ring, but she didn’t know. And John knows that she won’t lie to him. Not anymore, not again. He can tell now. Molly has tells and she can’t even manage a little white lie on the phone to him anymore. She stuttered out a quick he-was-here-but-he-left-hours-ago-sorry. She promised to call if he returned. A small part of him lit with guilt. She could feel the heat in his voice over the phone, and she let those blows fall where they would, because she still believed that John deserved to blame her as much as he felt the need to lay blame.
There were two aborted attempts before Mary found the words for her next sentence. “It just strikes me that you don’t really come to the services, and I can’t recall the last time I saw you in the chapel.”
“Jesus fucking Christ on a cracker,” Medhurst joined them in the middle of the yard. “There are some stories that are inappropriate for the innocent ears, Nutsack.”
“The thought and effort it took to change your pastels. He relabeled them. He made sure the new labels made sense. There are only two matches left in your season. Why go to such an effort for two games?”
“Yeah, you totally do.” He winked at her. “Right, but have you? Think about it. In all the time you’ve shared a bunk. Has she come back from a shower? Asked you to rub her shoulders?”
“Stop that!” Nick swatted at the side of Sherlock’s head. “I punched him in the face and we got over it.”
“Yes, tea would be lovely, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock said smoothly, manhandling Dr. Watson back into the kitchen and towards the tray. “And John will have coffee. And… My brother will have tea, no sugar, no scone for him. How
“My flatmate?” John tugged his coat and scarf from his locker, but by the time it was closed up, Sherlock was out the door. “Sherlock? Sherlock, wait! Why my flatmate?!” John ran to catch up with him.
“Look, I’m sorry to… Interrupt… I know you’re busy. I Just…. Look, give me a call back when you can?” Lestrade disconnected the call with a sigh.
Sherlock startled and turned to see the Lance Corporal storm off the helo with astounding authority. John flashed her a salute, “Ah, Corporal Jaspers. Thanks for coming.”
Martha jumped at the volume and force in John's tone. She stubbed out the cigarette and made up her mind. She would go up, just to check on them, to make sure Sherlock wasn't seriously hurt and John was okay, see if they needed tea, or biscuits, or something. It was what she could do. Diffuse the tempers and egos. Quietly, she snuck out of her flat and crept up the stairs, avoiding the creaky ones. She was halfway up when she heard the soft moan. Definitely Sherlock's voice. He must be very badly injured to sound like that! Forcing herself to ignore the twinge in her hip, Martha climbed up to B and opened her mouth to call out to her boys.
“Aye. Thank God for that. Nothing like a pair of ladies screaming at the top of their lungs for meh.”
Dr. Watson actually blushed down his neck at that. Mycroft felt his stomach turn over. Of course this had been a possibility. A very real and well tested theoretical, and one for which Mycroft had prepared thoroughly. Then again, he had suspected that it had fallen slightly from inevitable to likely in the wake of Sherlock’s rather gross emotionally stunted behavior, but Dr. Watson had always been… unusual, unpredictable himself.
“Bird, if you’re going to talk about being inside people, turn off your com!” Nick snapped. “What I’m doing requires concentration.”
Sherlock paused and turned, a furrow creasing his face. “If this is about the battery, would it placate you should I promise not to stick another on my tongue?”
“You know,” John began softly, standing unflinchingly in parade rest. “I met a few Lance Corporals in Kandahar.” He tilted his head. “Would have been back about a decade ago now. Chips on their shoulders big enough to feed an army. Obsessed with a person’s height, their pedigree, their faith, their gender.” John trailed off, giving Simon a hard look. “You learn a lot the longer you survive in war.”
“Also beats the shit outta burying your triggers,” Bird added as she joined the conversation. “Signals out here are desperate anyway.”
Sherlock shook his head and disappeared into his locker. John picked out a few crayons and studied them. Tested their consistency. Checked the labels. They looked normal. Out of habit, he dumped them on the table and started sorting them, organizing, lining them up in a neat gradient of dark to light.
Bird crossed her legs at the ankles, letting her boots thunk down on the table. “Mac and Rocket are probably off lighting things on fire or drinking bleach or jumping off of high walls.”
Dr. Watson threw his head back and laughed at the tantrum. Suited. The pair of them. And as much as Mycroft approved, he didn’t dare show it. “That’s quite enough, Sherlock. Detective Inspector Lestrade is an adult. Which is far more than I can say about your carryings on. Now, I must be going.”
“Guests?” Nick stalked into the DFAC. “Is that the delicate terminology we’re now using for interlopers and PONTIs, no offense, Major, that will make doing our job bloody hard?”
Gordon tilted his head, inviting John over, but he shook it off. He was much happier to watch. It wasn’t observing, as Sherlock would say, but it gave him information. Gordon dumped his tray and joined John instead. “Gordo,” John tilted his cup.
"Look, Loo. It's not all bad. You just have to finish finding your feet. As much as I hate to say, Mac and Rocket are good role models. Don't ever tell them I said that."
John took a long, even breath. “Tell you what. Let’s shelve this conversation for the private jet waiting for us in Stuttgart.”
Sherlock winced internally at how small and fragile his voice sounded. John just stared. He looked utterly furious, ready to beat the shit out of anything in his sight which dared to move.
John grunted as the unexpected weight of six full feet of lanky detective barreled into him and knocked him back against the wall. It may have been unanticipated, but John was still buzzing with adrenaline and irritated with provoking conversation and itchy from the necessary medical work. He twisted, pivoting sharply and rolling the incoming body over his hip and into the wall in his place.
“We have another team en route from the Canteen. They’ve a disposal squad and some Royal Marines to lend a hand.”
Lestrade glared at her for a moment before he cracked a smile and started laughing. “Oh, fine. Fuck off and get your paperwork done.”
“The proper expression is bare-faced lie. If you insist upon slandering my character, please do so with accurate parlance.”
Nick grinned ruthlessly. “Because I refuse to believe this isn’t about me. Frankly, you’re not important enough.”
“Good. Great. Excellent. If the Major here will let me back up, I can render safe and we can get the bloody hell out of this shit show.”
Sherlock's voice was muffled when he started speaking to John, saying something, a long something, rambling. John was silent and it seemed as though there would be no answer. Then came the shout.
“The… There are two MVPs on base. Some Major escorting an MOD something or other. I did try to tell you.”
John pursed his lips. Neither horribly offended nor terribly amused. “I was under the impression your job was already bloody hard, Captain.”
Gee looked down at Loo’s rapidly paling face and shifted one of her hands into the crease of his groin, pressing hard on the artery. “Not quickly. And it’s through exposed space.”
He huffed out a laugh. “Do you like suicides that make no sense? Because this is more his street than yours.”
Simon dropped to his belly and shimmied across the floor, commando crawling to Mac and Rocket’s makeshift barricade. Mac rolled his eyes, but a moment later, Simon’s previous, flimsy cover took another hit and the table splintered into pieces.
“Oh. Er, that’s good then.” He dropped into the spare seat and stretched his legs out. “Look, Mary, I was hoping you could… Lend me a hand.”
Nick grinned. “I don’t think she appreciates mine either. And frankly, she’s right. I’m not even cross that she punched Simon. I wanted to, and you know how culturally sensitive I am.”
“I… Right…” Mary nodded. “Yes. Right. I’ll. Sort it. Yes. Of course.” She forced a smile at Nick. “Shout go ok?”
“It could have been so much worse. What if there’d been a shooter? She was exposed. And yes, she was doing her job, but you don’t get to make that harder. I know what we do, how we work, what we,” he gestured back and forth between them. “Are like. But that doesn’t work here. Do you understand? I need you to trust me.”
“In a manner. The rest of them, all the fragments, are locations on the color wheel.” He named them with their clock positions.
Perhaps more alarming was that Dr. Watson had been concerned enough to stay in his upstairs room, most likely due to the late hour at which he was called back. Though it quite possibly was due to the state in which Sherlock arrived back at Baker Street, if the state in which he parted company with New Scotland Yard was any indication. Or if the bandage wrappers and extra bits of plasters and gauze with the rusty tinge of blood were indication; who could tell anymore with Sherlock. Regardless, Dr. Watson had had his work cut out for him in the wee hours, and there were far worse places for him to kip for the night. Worse places that Mycroft himself had endeavored to make safe on more than one occasion in the past few years.
Sherlock hated it. More than hating to see his John in pain, he hated that there was nothing he could do to alleviate it. After all, it was his decision, his error, made on a rooftop those long years ago that had driven the assassin they had known as Mary Morstan into John's path. Sherlock's actions had set it all in motion, pushed to the edge by Moriarty and his deadly game.
He heard Donovan mutter something as she fished out the photo of the victim, before she joined Lestrade at the other side of the room. Sherlock did his utmost to drown out their conversation as he pulled together the threads to figure out where the missing woman would be being held, but he couldn't help overhearing what was being said.
“Yes, thank you,” Nick hissed through gritted teeth. “Make yourself useful and find my close protection.”
As his mind uselessly filed through image after image, after memory after memory of John, Sherlock felt his chest grow heavier and heavier. John was still an illuminator, his conductor of light, but he glowed more dully than Before. He was subdued and quiet. He had always somewhat faded into the background as Sherlock shone, something they had often both taken advantage of on cases, but it was as if there were mere echoes of John standing in where he had once been. Even as he faded though John still filled all of Sherlock's empty spaces, all of the gaps in his heart, finishing all of the unfinished lines and shapes. Completing Sherlock himself.
“For national security reasons. Queen and Country. And correct me if I’m wrong, but that is why you joined in the first place.”
It was nearly midnight. But he couldn’t do it. He couldn’t stay in the flat. He was suffocating, slowing choking over the ghosts of everything that could have been that never was and never could be and never should have been and it was too much and too little and nothing left. He slammed the door in his wake, crammed his hands into his jacket pockets and stalked down the road. He was miles from anything that would be open at this hour, and he didn’t care. He needed to move. Burn off the rage that would shred him from the inside out if he let it.
John stopped mid stride and let out a ragged huff. Greg had put Sherlock in a cab. He knew what that meant. He took a deep breath and put on his brave face, then he shook it off and replaced it with his doctor face and tread softly on the stairs to tell Mrs. Hudson that Sherlock was on his way home. That he’d be home soon. And that John would wait up, but she should sleep. And once Sherlock was home, John would do his utmost to keep the noise to a minimum. Mrs. Hudson patted his arm, tutted after him, and told him there would be tea in the morning, that he wasn’t to go home at this late hour, and she always kept his room ready. John’s smile was more of a grimace, a false and broken thing that made him flatten his face and nod and shoo her off to bed.
"Please what?" John asks. It occurs to John a second time that Sherlock doesn't know what he's asking for, so he keeps moving forward, knowing that the next step is what Sherlock does not know how to ask for. It surprises John when Sherlock takes charge the second they are flipped over. "Sherlock, I thought…"
John gladly moves back from Sherlock just long enough for his shirt to be removed as he works on the buttons of Sherlock's shirt. "Sherlock…you're sure about this, right?"
"Can I kiss you again?" Sherlock asks, most sincere questioning in his eyes as if he's still not sure John actually wants him or if he's just got a really nice pair of lips that feel particularly good wrapped around the army doctor's cock.
John's eyes flicker down to Sherlock's and just nods. Sherlock reaches up and smashes his lips to John's, for some reason no longer feeling so delicate about the occasion. It feels too good, the sensation of Sherlock rubbing harder against her clit and the battle of tongues that Sherlock is assuredly winning.
Sherlock nods before diving closer and taking John's member as far past his lips as seemingly possible, swallowing down some of it and humming around It, pleased by the positive reactions John is having to his actions as continues to suck John off.
Sherlock's lips twist slowly into a grin. "Well, Doctor Watson, your eyes definitely look your age – perhaps a bit older, even."
"Red is a great color on you John, you should really wear it more often," Sherlock muses as he examines John's body from top to bottom.
Sherlock takes a moment to process before he softly laughs. "Of course, we will. Everything was fantastic, thank you."
"Sherlock, I heard you, and, I love you too," John whispers softly. "I don't know how long I have, but I have a sneaking suspicion that it's been there all along."
Sherlock pulls away after another minute, taking the time to breathe and really look at John. Flushed, grinning like an idiot John Watson that is just waiting for Sherlock to say something. "I can think, but it's not much," Sherlock mumbles.
This doesn't happen in real life. John Watson insists it as he curses and rolls the top of his pajama bottoms. He reaches up and pulls his hair so it drifts over one shoulder, getting ready to go downstairs to face his flat mate and all of the mockery at this mishap.
"Fascinating," Sherlock speculates, running around in his mind palace unbeknownst to John trying to contain his body's animalistic urges. "What after I pretend to suck you to finish? I think this would be seemingly more difficult without clothing."
John walks over quickly before he stands inches in front of Sherlock. "I'm fine, I just, can't stop thinking, God, I missed you."
John pulls back once before snapping back into place, brushing against the right spot again and earning a louder moan from Sherlock. John's motions get faster and Sherlock continually get louder, though only a smidge louder than John himself. In between it all, when John could, he answers Sherlock's question. "That question…ah…next time…alright?"
The one thing that's changed is the amount of which I love him. If he doesn't start behaving more, I'll have to marry him.'
John sighs – he sparked a sort of game in Sherlock, and Sherlock was determined to win at all costs. It was helping Sherlock rationalize the idea of such a petty social outing to his mind palace, sure. It should seem utterly frustrating and demeaning to John. But, he had to admit to himself, he was drinking in every second of it like an addict on a bender.
It's not like John is complaining though. John's starting to get used to it. For the most part. Although, the first time he got my 'time of the month' as they call it, John was a swearing, emotional mess and Sherlock was surprisingly helpful. One could guess 'surprising' would be the best word to apply to Sherlock since the changeover. He's very…interested, focused. Not on his work like usual. Unless he is using John as an experiment base which there is no proof of but John is scared he might find. Sherlock just seems focused on John and there's no way around that.
"That won't matter, I'll just," Sherlock leans down this time to have their lips meet and John moans into his lips, not realizing just how much he's missed the sensation of them being attached in this way until now, tangling his hands in Sherlock's hair.
"No, it's fine, really. You just need better timing is all. All relationships start off like that. Try and pick a time that you both aren't busy with work or cases that you have obviously been neglecting lately, wear yourselves out, and then drink some coffee and get out the door. But not tonight, I mean, try to make it sometime tonight. We miss you two," Molly says nicely about to walk out of the kitchen.
"I love you," Sherlock says softly before widening his eyes, pulling back his hand and fiddling in his seat. "Sorry, that was inappropriate."
"You make it very difficult to pay attention," Sherlock says lower than his typical register. Sherlock looks out the window for the rest of the car-ride and despite some small questions from John he ignores, there is complete silence. When they get up to the flat, Sherlock reaches around John's feminine curves and grabs around the ass and pulls John closer. "I couldn't think my mind palace was trying to make deductions, and then I heard you talking and thought about this morning and I…and when you bent down to do your own work all I could think of was doing this," John moans softly as Sherlock kneads the arse more, "and I couldn't concentrate on anything else."
Sherlock crawls out of John's bed and heads quickly towards the door. John calls after him as he descends the stairs. "Is everything alright, Sherlock?"
"I mean after you have slept and you know that," John says firmly. "Come on, up, I am taking you to bed."
Sherlock leaves several messages over the next several days but unfortunately, it seems his new friends that caused John's changeover have not been in contact. Their emails all send messages something like "out saving the world, will email you at some later time" or something like that.
"Oh, for goodness sake," Sherlock says before pushing John onto the other side of the bed and climbing onto the doctor's lap, lining up the member again himself and sinking himself onto it. Sherlock winces a bit, having perhaps gone a bit too quickly trying to make his cocky display. "See?" Sherlock asks with his voice a bit higher than usual. "Totally fine, John."
"Then come with a cloth if you must. I haven't slept but one night in three weeks and that was an exhausting feat of effort," Sherlock says as he lets his eyes slip closed. "Goodnight, John."
"I think we both already know the answer to that question," Sherlock says before diving back down, allowing the hold on his curls to give him more motivation to bare down and let John do as his body desires.
"Emotional mush isn't always a bad thing, Sherlock," John says, reaching for his tea to take another sip. Once he's finished a few more sips, and waits for Sherlock to sip some of his own tea, he speaks again. "I think that it's a matter of channeling. Instead of channeling through the power of your intellectual mind you are learning a new skill, channeling through a side you hardly have started to ponder into how to use."
"I'm perfectly aware of that Sherlock," John replies, putting the case file on the closest end table.
"He likes you in both forms, if it was a concern it would have been a concern a long time ago," Molly mumbles as she fastens the jeans together and adjusts the top so it sits over the breasts just right. "I probably shouldn't have said that, huh?"
Sherlock catches on to the point of parting as they enter the room and leans down to catch John's lips with his again. This time it's more desperate, messy. Sherlock pushes John back onto the bed and starts kissing his way down the doctor. Sherlock finds himself stopping to put focus on a few spots on the army doctor's neck that elicit particularly good responses. He catalogues for later in the back of his mind that he might need to lend John a few of his scarves before he journeys lower.
John whimpers, stumbling back into the chair behind them and silently begs Sherlock to continue with the gesture while his mind runs itself in circles. "I, um, I am not…"
John reaches forward and pushes away Sherlock's pajama bottoms in one swift run, glad and concerned all at once that there were no pants underneath. He reaches forward and runs his hand up and down the shaft of Sherlock's member before gripping onto it and tugging like he would his own. Sherlock responds by digging his fingers underneath John's pants and rubbing his fingers over her entrance directly, making John cry out into Sherlock's lips.
Sherlock wasn't ever considered, to me, like that. He's obnoxious, rude, and flat when it comes to emotions. There was a blind spot in my brain just big enough that a case of amnesia could pull out the blockade.
"Sherlock Holmes. We're flat mates, have been for two years. 221B Baker Street, it's where we are now. I am the only consulting detective in the world and you are the only ordinary person who's able to put up with me," Sherlock says all at once and not too quickly.
"You usually express that you're not my date, very sternly," Sherlock whispers softly, smile softening.
Sherlock takes a few moments before nodding to the idea. He nibbles at a cookie, drinks some more tea, and just sits quietly as John does the same. "The way you explain it, does it come naturally?"
"That's not what I meant – can you call, uh, Molly or something. Clothes, I will need clothes," John mutters, waving his hands in front of Sherlock's face.
Sherlock smiles with his eyes. "Sexual orientation and current desire are giving you quite the battle?"
It may not have been such a short time as intended they realize as when they get to the restaurant, everyone is already on desert. Sherlock takes his seat and smiles as he reaches over to Molly's plate and takes a bite of her cake. She laughs and pushes the plate in front of him to finish.
Sherlock arrives home to John sitting in his chair again, watching crap television. His eyes flicker up the second he hears the door. "I didn't mean to upset you."
The experience is filled with frantic thrusts and loud appreciations for a long time before it's over, them splaying out on the floor, panting. "You can't imagine what you do to me," Sherlock whispers, looking over into John's eyes.
"Come in, he'll leave as he's ignored. I want to talk to you," John says carefully as Sherlock walks past him nervously.
"Well, experiment had excellent results," Sherlock says, feeling sated and calm. His mind palace was still running in the background but right now all he could focus on was the feeling of comfort with John beside him.
"Yeah, hang on," John says before lining up with Sherlock's entrance. "You are one-hundred percent sure on this."
"One was with legs on either side of my head, another faking being ridden," John says, recalling slowly.
Sherlock makes a hand gesture that said 'by all means' and John huffs as he gets out of the cab. John walks round to Sherlock's side before it could take off. "This is a cruel, cruel punishment."
"Doing what? I'm simply stating you are in your natural condition, it musn't be that uncomfortable," Sherlock says, his grin not so visible through the dark but hearable in his tone of voice.
John reaches forward and grabs Sherlock's hands in hers and starts grinding against him, making the detective close his eyes and give into the sensation. Only for moments before he lets loose their hands and moves his hands first to cup around her rear cheeks to direct her forward at a faster, steadier pace. As they continue to move against one another Sherlock reaches one of his hands between her legs and begins massaging her clit over the thin fabric of her pants. John moans as she leans her back onto the bed, wrapping her legs around Sherlock's back, watching as he tumbles onto the bed with her. He moves up her body and massages her breasts. She bucks herself against Sherlock and watches in awe as Sherlock loses himself in her again, unzipping the coat and throwing it to the side, his hands finding themselves gliding over her again as he kisses down her abdomen until he reaches her wet heat and quite literally rips away the red panties, his tongue finding purchase there as he feels John's legs tremble with every dip and caress of his tongue against her center.
John takes a moment to register that before grinning. "Oh, Gods, yes." He runs his hand down Sherlock's arm and starts leading them to Sherlock's room. "If that's still okay with you, of course."
Sherlock sighs as he runs his hands up and down John's sides. "So, as we've talked about, it's probably due to be your turn?"
The rest of the fingering process is aided heavily by Sherlock's pleading words for more until the detective finally wrestles the bottle of lube from John's hand and starts to slick up John's member in slow strokes, revelling in the feeling of heaviness in his hand. Now they are both heading quickly towards a rough edge as Sherlock lines up his entrance with John's member and John starts to enter slowly, cautiously, tilting up in the right direction towards the right bundle of nerves that settles the pain of the stretch for Sherlock enough for them both to enjoy it.
Sherlock scoffs, brushing off the comment as if it has no meaning. It's not until a few days following that Sherlock is caught in the dilemma. For the first time in days, John comes down for tea. Sherlock watches in silence as John habitually, by some thought process locked into John's brain Sherlock feels he can be thankful for, remembers where to sit.
Sherlock shakes his head. "I am rudimentarily much more familiar with telling, but may I just show you this time?"
"You should know a date with me is going to be different than one with anyone else," Sherlock remarks as he hails them a cab. He pulls John into the taxi and snuggles up beside him. "Oh, and if it's teasing you are after, you've picked quite the person to mess with."
Sherlock is a lunatic. He's raving, mad. He still drives me crazy in our small flat, trailing around experiments that are as a majority either poisonous or disgusting. I still complain when he does so. We still both run wild like children on cases with the thrill of the chase.
John walks downstairs quickly to meet Sherlock, wrapping his arms around the detective as he comes. "I really like purple on you."
"Would you let me try?" Sherlock asks, closing his eyes and making small sounds of pleasure as John re-adjusts to brush against his prostate. "John, move."
"That's not what I meant. Can you at least tell me your name again?" John asks, watching Sherlock's cautious reactions carefully, wondering if the man in front of him was asked to lie to him.
John unlatches from Sherlock's neck and admires his work. "It's a good thing you wear scarves," John says as he places a few gentle kisses over the marks he's left. John moves back to look Sherlock in the eyes, the disheveled detective with his mop of curls tangled around his face, something in his eyes begging John to show him what he's supposed to do next. "I need you to stand up."
"We'll make this quick then," John says softly before her lips meet Sherlock's and she leans against the shower wall.
"Oi! Shut it," John says as they come back to the living room, and John does not miss that Sherlock's eyes do not leave him for a moment. "I never actually thought I'd have to say this to you, but my eyes Sherlock – up here!"
Sherlock resorts to immaturely burying his face in the pillow. A muffled response is all that is heard. "I am not that kind of hungry."
"Of course I'll bloody marry you," John says, trying to hold back the tears his misty eyes threaten to shed. Sherlock pulls out the ring and everything about it is simple, sort of masculine with onyx and diamond on the stone with a thicker band – not unlike the colors of their loft. The inscription on the inside of 'I only have one' is what attracts John's attention as Sherlock slips it onto his ring finger. John's eyes get a tad mistier. "I love you so fucking much."
Sherlock looks mildly intrigued for a moment before shrugging and going back to his food. John catches the waitress and orders them some food that should take the least time from the items available on the menu to cook and bring out. "I have everyone's gifts as well," John says as they patiently wait for her to hand them down the table. Everyone seems generally happy with their presents and opens them slowly to give the couple a chance to scarf down their food.
"It's been three weeks, Sherlock, three. I don't care that you are Sherlock bloody Holmes, that is too long for any human to go without sleep," John says, closing the file in his hand.
"You're not gay. You've made that, ahem," Sherlock takes a deep breath after clearing his throat, on a stand-still between his desire to embrace John like he's wanted to for so long or to allow John to remember him properly. "You've made that abundantly clear."
It eventually reaches to a point, in between the starting and finish, that is pure and raw and animalistic. The focus is still on one another, but the raw nature of it brings them to rut faster against one another as John's thrusts increase in speed and depth.
He mentally reviewed all the points, trying to make head or tales out of it. It seemed like all random pieces of information, but what did it add up to.
‘You don’t really mean that, right John, you can’t possibly think that?’ Greg asked incrediously. John sighed. This conversation was not going the way he had hoped it would. Fine, if they wanted the truth they could bloody well have the truth.
"The outside of the house is kept warm and inviting, it's what most people would picture as the ideal house, picket white fence included. However the moving van outside indicates that it's not the perfect house for you. You're using it as a cover. The inside of the house is kept tidy and clean in concordance with your military background, everything has its place. You had a lot of pictures on the wall in the living room, they were the first thing you packed away, so they were important to you. Pictures of friends and family then. Now the house has three bedrooms. You correctly assumed that nobody would be looking for you in a house, they would assume you'd go for an apartment. Two of the rooms are in constant use, the third used for guests. So this room and the room next door are slept in but no-one is there now, so there was somebody who needed your protection, that's why the room next to yours and not the room at the end of the hall. You wanted them close by so you could protect them but they're not here now, so they no longer need protecting, or they've left to give you time to reconnect to me. Your close to them, knew this person before the fall, but I don't know them." It had been a long time since hearing Sherlock deduce something, and it was still as amazing as it was the first time he'd seen him do it.
"Easy," Sherlock says, revelling in the return of John's complimentary nature towards his deductions as they walk out of the door.
"Another lesson: don't understand, just feel," Sherlock whispers as he moves to open the cap of the small tube in his slender hands. He's interrupted by a completely unfamiliar sensation that has him jolting forward to support himself, hands clenching around the headboard. "John, ngggh."
"I have no idea how she did it," Sherlock says, climbing into John's lap and seating himself there. Sherlock begins to feel John's arousal grow again from the contact of his arse in nothing in the way but silk pants from direct contact, but he is focused at the moment on John's lips. "I am quite good at control, John. Especially when it comes to emotions – there's just something fundamentally about you that makes it that much more difficult."
"I love you too," Sherlock mumbles before falling asleep in John's arms, having their first confessed time in love together. It wasn't perfect but it was love, actually love.
"I want to like the idea, but feelings are all laced with uncertainty – I prefer being certain, and it's not possible with emotions," Sherlock remarks, reaching up to rub his temples, still finding no way to escape to his mind palace.
John finds himself running up to the loo and back to bring the lube. He looks up at Sherlock cautiously. "Are you…would you want to…"
Sherlock puts his other hand around John's back and helps him over to his own room, shutting the door behind them and laying John on the bed. "Excuse my forwardness, really you must."
"I didn't say it wasn't fair game," Sherlock says shortly, unbuckling himself from the restraints and removes his hand, waiting.
John leans forward and captures Sherlock's lips passionately, too quickly for a first kiss but neither seems to care. It feels like they have waited far too long for this, both, and this could have been their hundredth kiss if they had only found the attraction sooner.
"Yeah, okay, case," John mutters angrily almost under his breath. "We literally are stuck in a closet, murderers outside, and unable to move until they leave."
John sighs heavily as he takes a step away again. "More productive than usual – at least there wasn't any threats of death or bribes involved."
"You're very…enthusiastic," Sherlock mutters as he rests his head closer into the crook of John's neck. He notices John flush a bit and smiles. "No, it's a good thing. I quite liked it. Loved it, actually."
"It occurred to me I'm not going to likely get another chance to be with you like this so, yes, if you don't mind taking a break," John says as she climbs onto Sherlock's lap.
"Sherlock, do you ever think that John's a bit nervous that when things change back…things will change?" Molly asks gently.
John spats out his tea, eyes wide. Yeah, it's not false. But he never thought Sherlock would find that part of his history. "How – no, why is my question. Why did you figure that out?"
The next morning Sherlock makes breakfast and tea. He asks John several times in several different ways what he meant by what he said. John just stares at his plate, pretending he's not awake enough to hear. Pretending he thinks that Sherlock is just mumbling to himself again. Eventually, that's all it becomes, Sherlock sitting on his chair trying to deduce how to get answers about their situation as John runs out the door for work.
Sherlock nods in sudden understanding, climbing off of John and lying beside him. It is no more than a minute after that Sherlock turns his head to look at John. "Well, are you going to fuck me or not?"
John stands from his chair and reaches for the detective's hand. Sherlock complies, curious as to what John would want him to stand for until he finds out. John reaches up and twists his hand in Sherlock's curls, pulling the detective's lips down to meet his.
John chuckles as she goes to stand up. "Should I text Lestrade that you are ready to come back to the scene without me?"
John heard a sharp rapping of knocks on his door. He opened it to find a very annoyed Sherlock with red circles around his eyes, showing that the detective not only had a heart but it was broken. "Can you make Mycroft leave? He's only been saying 'I told you so' and I'm not finding it very conducive."
John collapses on top of the detective directly after he drops Sherlock on the bed and pulls down Sherlock's pants immediately. John throws them off somewhere to the side as he gets lost in the detective's perfect pale body underneath his as he reaches a hand to stroll down the detective's chest until he's got hold on Sherlock's member and starts moving his hand up and down.
Mycroft, which to John had just looked like a man simply sitting on a bench reading a newspaper, puts the paper down and glares at Sherlock. "I just need to speak with John for a moment."
John smiles understandingly and moves off of Sherlock's lap, taking the moment to address the cabbie. "To the closest coffee shop, keep the change."
When he descends the stairs, Sherlock spares a glance to the stairway and huffs. "You must be one of John's – the door is over there, don't let it hit you on the arse on the way out."
"Can you demonstrate how doubling works?" Sherlock stands to ask, glad that his words spark enough fascination to have John turn back to look at him.
"Why don't I believe that?" John asks, leaning forward more in his chair and resting his hand on Sherlock's leg.
Sherlock shakes his head, curling into the pillow he's got his head rested on and pulls up the blankets like a cocoon around him. "I'm tired, I want to sleep."
"I need to be able to take off your pants, hardly fair that you've been able to keep them on this long," John says as he moves with the detective, chuckling as Sherlock stays latched around him. John keeps one hand on Sherlock's arse and the other entangles in the detective's hair as he moves to kiss him again. "Have it your way then," John whispers over Sherlock's lips before their lips are connected again and John carries Sherlock off to the detective's room.
Sherlock unzips his trousers and pulls his member from his silk boxers, getting ready to line up with John's entrance. "Unless you need more preparation," Sherlock says wistfully before John reaches around and pulls Sherlock's hips forward into John.
"Of course not, it's quite…sweet. Being someone's first is a compliment in any mannerism," John replies as he picks Sherlock's coat up from the ground, helping the detective shrug back into it.
Sherlock nods and looks a little hesitant, nervous even. When they lay on the bed, John lays on top of Sherlock, kissing him gently. "Let me know if anything is too much."
"Oh," Sherlock replies slowly, starting his way up the stairs, hiding the fact that he is, in fact, blushing.
"Not with this much impatience and history," John replies hastily, feeling his hips thrust up into Sherlock's touch. "This is beyond teasing, this is torture."
John reaches into the drawer beside him and grabs a small bottle of lubrication before crawling back over to Sherlock. John squeezes lubrication onto his fingers and circles Sherlock's entrance. The detective hisses, feeling the burn of the first penetrative finger. He can sense John's concern. "I'm fine, John, keep going."
Sherlock starts to kiss back as fervently as he can until he feels his mind start to pour away in it and he panics. He pulls away in a tow and freezes. "Sherlock, what – what's wrong?"
"Sorry, a bit peckish today, had quite the workout earlier," Sherlock says with a wink towards John that has John kicking Sherlock from under the table as the detective continues eating.
"Ah, you haven't seen anything yet," Sherlock promises as they connect again once more, never again being just flat mates but forever being a couple. Sherlock would forever refer to himself in a similar tone as he's heard before: John-locked.
Sherlock gulps, trying to collect a rational thought that doesn't add up to a fantasy. His mind draws blanks as he contemplates the filthy reasons John could want to bring him to his bed. He speaks with as much composure as he can muster. "Why?"
Oh, silly, silly Sherlock! Martha sniffled and rubbed her nose on her sleeve. Pull yourself together, goddammit, she scolded herself. Sherlock would come back and John would tell him off and it would all go back to normal. Well, almost normal. Back to the normal they had right now in the not normal space they were in. Soon John would come back, stay in his room at the top of the stairs again, instead of that horrid flat of his, stuffed with those... ghosts. And Sherlock would start eating again and playing his violin properly, and not destroying her crockery. It wasn't healthy, all that brooding and pining, the pair of them. And if nothing else, she thought selfishly, it wasn't doing her heart any good watching them dance around each other unhappily! It would just take one of them to take that first step, to make that leap into the unknown, and Martha was sure the other would catch him. They deserve to be happy, she thought sadly, if they could just see what was right in front on them.
“Jazz is gone. Gee’ll be with us,” Towerblock glanced over his shoulder nervously. “Not that I mind. Just’ll be her first one back.”
“On all five?” He pulled out a cigarette and propped himself against the mastiff. “They aren’t that clever.”
“Who breaks into an old mill, through about seven different locked doors, only to jump off a roof?” Donovan added.
And of course, Sherlock had to upset the balance, Sherlock had to make the mistake that toppled their slowly growing peace. Not that John was entirely innocent in all this, certainly not. Though how he'd managed to drift so far without Sherlock... She'd tried to encourage them the right direction, in her way, but her boys were nothing if not stubborn. And nothing shy of their own inexhaustibly foolish bullheaded perseverance would move them forward again. And now Sherlock was gone off to God knows where getting into God knows what. She couldn't bear to lose him again and neither could John. And John had only just left a few hours before, and a single phone call could bring him tearing back here. Bless. But that temper, and that anger, and the frustration as he paced upstairs.
“It’s a,” Mac made a round shape with his hands. “Ya know, small and furry. Lives in glens. Like a highland hamster.”
John finished stuffing his ruck. After another restless night, in a too cramped bed, in an uncomfortably familiar military bunk, in an unfamiliarly comfortable shared space, he was glad they’d be going. He couldn’t tell what Sherlock had been thinking as he’d headed off for a shower. And talking about it right now didn’t seem appropriate. There were some things you just didn’t do in the middle of a combat zone. With a sigh and a quick shake of his head, John pushed out into the yard.
Nick gave Bird a nod as she listened to the details and confirmed. “Right, shout. Single device, not far enough off the beaten track.”
He shrugged. “Mary’s decent enough, I suppose. Bit uptight. Nick wants to pull her. Everyone knows. They’ll probably never do it.”
The door to the flat was wide open and Martha stopped in her tracks, and she had to tamp down on the sniff of tears at the sight which greeted her.
Sherlock cocked a brow as his eyes traced a lazy path up John’s body. “It should feel fine. Fits like a glove.”
Sherlock had frozen just inside the DFAC, distracted first by the fight in the yard and then by the chaos and shouting. The second shot seemed to startle him out of it, and he found himself to be the last man standing. Standing very close to the mouth of the DFAC. Clearly standing and making himself a rather large target. “Jo-“
Sherlock tried and failed to smother a grin. “And you’re a south paw. I didn’t expect a right hook from you.”
“The British have been fighting here for over a hundred and seventy-five years. What exactly makes you think this is actually going to be stood down?”
“Well, no, not really. But he’s out of surgery. They relayed in that they were going to keep him in ICU for a day, then all going to plan, they want to ship him home.”
John made a soft sound of encouragement and waited for Nuttall to lead away. “Any reason to include Captain Medhurst in this brain storming session?”
“You saw it. You warned everyone. And yet…” He set down the local and gave the wound a proper clean.
“Ah.” John’s weight shifted, only once. Then he’d adopted his rather frequent posture of parade rest. It was sharper than usual. Broader. Squarer. Militant. And he flushed out to the tips of his ears. “I was… I meant…”
“Look, all I’m saying is that we were happy out with simple IEDs until you showed up,” Simon huffed.
“No idea.” Nick broke off from his route to the DFAC in order to cut off the Colonel, but waved Gee on towards Sherlock. “Go get his aggravatingly necessary input.” He made it to the middle of the yard before the Colonel could reach the DFAC. “Sir?”
She sighed at him. “Look. I know things are… more tense than usual. And I was very sorry to hear that Private Llewellyn was shot. It sounds like he was very lucky that Captain Mag-”
“I assure you, Corporal House, that neither of these men are PONTIs.” Smith’s tone was far less dismissive than expected.
Gee snorted. “There are two people dead and one without a hand, because of decisions I made. That’s on my head.”
“Technically, I promised not to lock you in a lab.” John narrowed his eyes. After a moment, Sherlock relented. “Oh, alright. I will adhere to the spirit of the conversation.”
Gee waved a hand in irritation. “Stop. Just…” She braced her palms on the table, taking some weight off of her leg. “Stop, yeah?”
This was born of Jam's need to have a touch-starved Sherlock try to help a broken John. And I literally cannot help myself when Jam suggests something. So there was no dragging, I came along willingly and brought the ANGST (with a capital A). Jam framed the story with her spot-on Sherlock and, as per usual, John runs in right on Sherlock's heels. Then Jam wrote a nice little Mrs. Hudson fluff... I have... edited. So it's... a resolution, of sorts. ~Ewebie
“Good Lord,” Sherlock spun sharply and grabbed John by the shoulders. “You have achromatopsia. It wouldn’t be in your student file. There’s no way they’d let you read for an MFA, even with the rugby. It’s remarkable you’ve made it this far.”
Simon glared at them. “I need to what, Mac? What twisted game have you come up with for me to…” He squinted at the Det. “Why the HELL is there a TOILET IN THE DET?!?!”
Gee shook out her hand and checked her knuckles. Sure they were a bit sore, but no blood. Not that Simon could say the same for his face. For a moment, it looked as though she would object again, but John raised a brow, and Gee snapped her mouth shut before the words managed to escape. After a moment, she gave a sharp nod and spun on her heel, stalking toward the med tent.
“Mag Aoidh get the bloody hell in here!” Nick shouted into the yard. When Mag Aoidh didn’t instantly appear, he braced his hands on the table and bellowed at the roof. “GEE!”
“This one has the distinct advantage of distance.” Sherlock swung his legs over the side of the sofa in an exaggerated sitting motion. “No matter the level of involvement he wishes to maintain, I think he’ll find it impossible.”
Sherlock scowled. He’d been told as much by John and really, he didn’t need to be treated like a child. “Whatever you want, Captain. I rather doubt the IEDs have much to contribute to the software upgrades.”
The seventeen steps took ages. And by the time he reached the sitting room again, John felt a decade older. He tried to sit, but it doesn’t take. He tried, but he can’t. John stood and resumed his pacing. Back and forth. Wearing a slow hole in the carpet. Put him in a cab. Pu. Him. In. A. Cab. John was going to kill him. It had gone half two in the morning and he was going to murder him. Poor Mrs. Hudson and the floors of this flat, because when John got his hands on Sherlock, he was going to beat the ever-loving tar out of him for being so bloody, sodding-well stupid! The fists John made were no longer conscious as he stomped back and forth across the narrow space left in the room. All the air had been sucked out. All the dust. All the mess. And Jesus, could Sherlock bother to clean a fucking mug once in awhile? He was going to wring his perfect, alabaster neck!
“Cannula,” Gee held out her hand and had a wad of gloves pressed into her palm. “Really?” She frowned at John, but tugged them on over her already bloody hands and held out her palm again. This time she got what she wanted. “Alright, Loo. You’re doing fine. You’re going to be fine.”
Return fire kicked up a clot of packed earth near Simon, and Towerblock adjusted his suspected placement. It was one of their guard towers. His second shot clipped one of the wooden supports. John shot again, hitting the eave of the tower. The next shot from the sniper pinged off something metal in the Det.
“Dare I ask,” Sherlock began, propping his shoulder against the wall and making himself lazily comfortable as John toweled his face clean. “You weren’t born with monochromacy.”
John heaved himself out of the chair and stumbled across the room, tossing the last few wayward sticks into their box before returning. Sherlock glanced at the box and let out a sound of disgust. “What?” John looked at his supplies.
No. John wasn't here. Sherlock would just lead Lestrade in the right direction, then quietly disappear before there could be any paperwork. John had always handled the paperwork anyway.
“Fuck SOP,” Nick said flatly. “Unless you have a few spare hands sitting around to reattach to whomever is so lucky as to pull our next cover. I do recall Frankenstein made a wonderfully dexterous ATO.”
She finished cleaning the wound and prepped a local. “If I were being hard on you, you’d know it. Now hold still, this might sting a little.”
She shrugged. “Just asking. We managed to get two solid leads and one really vague hint at the possibility of an eyewitness. Gregson is chasing that last one down, more because he knows the ins and outs of Whitechapel better than Dimmock.”
“That’s why I have you here. Because we’re special. I’m special. This is lovely attention from a pyrotechnic twat that wants us dead. So stick around a bit. Maybe tomorrow there’ll be a Medhurst smoothie for the first five customers.”
“Oh. Right. Yes.” Nick cleared his throat and bobbed his head, pulling another double take as he left the tent.
“Mmn,” Sherlock flipped to the next photo. “Corporal Gordon House. Known as Towerblock. Second in command. From Leeds. Tends to be good with mechanics. Stole cars in his youth.”
“I thought I’d go pray the wound away,” Nick objected, taking a step in the direction of the main camp.
They were cautious, controlled as they took their places, watching the buildings for movement. After a moment, John gave a quick nod. “Medhurst, please.” And then he was behind the mastiff with Bird and Sherlock. “Gordo, let’s get you back here too.”
“Obvious,” John said flatly and narrowed his eyes at his bunkmate. “You know what, you’re right. Sod it all, I’m going to sleep.”
“So. You see this car. Bird confirms it. You both shout. And then, instead of taking cover, and you were damn close to all the cover you’d need. You’re what? Out in front of the CVs?”
“Ah, right. Yeah.” Towerblock rubbed the back of his neck. “We’re just back from a shout. ATO got grazed during contact. I think he’s still in the med tent. We can start at the DFAC and go from there.”
“No, not you personally.” Nutsack squared off with Nick. “But you’re supposed to be the ATO; figure it’s in the job description. Thought you’d know stuff about the shit you pull out of the ground sometimes.”
“Cheers.” Nick started walking as Nuttall fell in beside him. “Thankfully, I still have that one attached and your mother serviced it properly just last week.”
“I certainly hope it was just close and not a hair beyond that,” Smith announced without turning around.
“Here.” Bird had clicked on and off the main channel, but was still running chatter in the background. She may not have stopped.
“I wish it was pleasure, Mr. Holmes. Though I cannot tell you how lovely it is to have a civilised chat on British soil over a nice cup of tea.”
“Not me,” John shook his head. “I’m all for drawing attention, but I won’t be able to hit him. Not anymore.”
Regardless, it had been brought to his attention that a recent case had ended in a less than satisfactory manner necessitating Dr. Watson's presence in Baker Street. And Mycroft Holmes needed to put his own mind at ease when it came to Sherlock's well-being. After all, he was the only brother he had left.
“Not broken, then? I’ll just have a quick listen, then I’ll deal with that lac.” It wasn’t as though he hadn’t seen them. He had, certainly. But he’d dismissed the scars as old injury. Now, as he auscultated along her back, he could actually give them attention. They were old; old enough to be well healed, or as well healed as they’d ever be. Blotchy patches of darkened, puckered skin seemed to fan across her back and left side. The pattern was vaguely familiar. He set the stethoscope aside. “Sounds ok. Any difficulty taking a deep breath?”
John could see Sherlock’s lips moving, and Sherlock was speaking. Probably. John wasn’t sure he heard it. Something about Lestrade. Something about a gang. Something about… something… But there was blood. It was the first thing John definitively saw. Blood.
“I think I’d rather be feared,” Smith tilted his head as if deep in thought. “Pity.” He nodded and headed for the CO’s office as the chopper landed in the open space behind them.
Sherlock hesitated, eventually perching on arm of the far side of the sofa. “I didn’t think you’d hit him,” he murmured.
“I distinctly recall having to keep you down behind the engine block before you were able to draw their fire.”
“Think about it.” He tapped the table in emphasis then spun on his heel. The effort of storming off would have been more dramatic if he hadn’t tripped over an off set chair on the way out of the DFAC.
“Yeah,” Gee sighed and watched Nick’s face cautiously. “And I really don’t like it, but the numbers don’t lie. Medical supplies, ammo, petrol and vehicle use. All are greater use and demand since I got here. I’ve done way more work than Jazz; I called her this morning. She thinks it’s odd too.”
“Hair,” Towerblock interrupted, accepting the offered greeting. “I know. It’s all Auntie Lor talks about. Mr. Holmes, nice to meet you.”
“Mr. Holmes, Major Watson,” Mary clapped her hands together. “Thank you so much for all you’ve done. It was… such a pleasure.”
“Either he’ll burst in here one night, for no good reason, and catch us in flagrante, you bent over the dry bar.”
Sherlock bit back the urge to laugh as Nick tilted his head in exasperation. “The pair of you are the worst bloody PONTIs I’ve had to handle.”
The sound of his text alert woke Sherlock from his awkward doze on the sofa where he had lain for most of the night. John was still on his mind but the promise of a new puzzle had him reaching for his phone and thumbing across the screen to open the message from Lestrade.
It has been nothing if not inconvenient that his younger brother constantly managed to repel common sense. More inconvenient of course was his choice in partner. A partner seemingly as incapable of rational behavior. Yes, Sherlock was childish, selfish, emotionally labile, egotistical... But that did not warrant social involvement with the seedier variables of London's crime world. More than anything, Mycroft knew that Sherlock and Dr. Watson simply needed to communicate. And they were appallingly poor in every attempt.
Mag Aoidh barely suppressed a smile. “You want kid gloves and a gentle touch, go see the Padre. You want to not die of sepsis then shut up and let me do my job.”
“Yes.” Nick stood. “But only because I’m bored. And it’s been a few hours since I’ve nearly had my balls blown off.”
He was sitting in one of the chairs in the DFAC. One of the remaining chairs. Upright and whole chair. “John.”
A flicker of a smile crossed John’s face. “Not really. No. You’re… Kinda passionate about this stuff.”
“Tell him,” John paused, checking the load and heft of the rifle before clicking off the safety. “Tell him they said fried mars bars are an abomination.”
“Yes, sir,” Towerblock saluted as the Lieutenant Colonel gave a dismissive nod to the remainder of the unit.
“Evading,” Sherlock sniffed, shifting as if to sit up. It was a small cot. If he moved much at all, he was likely to fall off. “How positively militant of you.”
“Boss on the move!” Towerblock called, trailing a few feet behind, letting out cord as Nick headed down the road.
“Yeah. Yup,” he waved her out of the office and resumed his careful review of what they actually did have. It was very little. Two hours later and four past when he was due to leave, he wasn’t any further along. “Well that was a productive use of my time,” he muttered towards the near empty bullpen. Then he tugged on his coat and headed out the door.
Donovan made a disbelieving noise in her throat but said nothing. Sherlock forced himself to focus back onto the information in front of him. None of them spoke for a minute, the only sound in the room the ticking of the clock on the wall.
“I’ve been assured he’s twenty-one.” Sherlock placed another three pictures on the table. “Reverend Major Mary Greenstock. From Lincolnshire. Relationship failure and pointless publishing career drove her into the military. Faruq; I’ve been assured he has no surname. Officially, he is the unit translator. Unofficially, he acts as a local fixer. And finally, Lieutenant Colonel Philip Smith. I have found no record of his assignment to Frost and yet he spends an increasing amount of time there.”
Drawing back from the window and folding himself into his own chair, Sherlock curled to fit into the space and rested his forehead on his knees. The flat was cold and dark now. He could hear John's voice echo in his mind as he recalled and committed to memory the details of the case they had just completed. Yet he found he couldn't focus on the case itself; instead his mind insisted on presenting the way John had looked pouring over the papers in the safety deposit box, brow furrowed and lips pressed thin, searching at Sherlock's request for a particular word or phrase. Not that Sherlock had needed the assistance, of course, but John needed to feel useful, needed to feel needed again. And the way John had smiled when Sherlock had laid out the details for their client, the bank manager looking astonished to be caught out. The way John's eyes had glittered and somehow looked a deeper blue as he'd muttered to himself that the bastard shouldn't have run, pinning the culprit to the floor beneath an efficient military hold. The hint of a grin at the corner of his mouth when Sherlock waved Dimmock through to make the arrest.
The Lieutenant Colonel was angry enough that he met the squad as they stumbled out of the mastiff. As though his presence was enough expression of his ire, his tone was kept strangely conversational. “I must be oddly mistaken in the purpose of a bomb disposal unit.” He planted in hands on his hips and glared. “I was under the impression your job was to dispose of the bombs. Not blow them bloody well sky high!”
Greg stared angrily at him. Mycroft blinked a few additional times. “You know what?” He pressed the heels of his palms against his eyes. “Just…”
“God forbid. What about the case that Greg had for you? That’s here. And doesn’t involve your brother in the least.”
Another smattering of bullets peppered the side of the building near Gee’s shoulder, the front end of the mastiff, and dangerously close to the IED.
“Are we discussing having ‘the talk’?” Dr. Watson cocked a brow as he sipped his coffee. “Bit late for that now, isn’t it?” It was Sherlock’s turn to blush. Mycroft took a slow, measured breath, which triggered a snicker from Sherlock. Dr. Watson grinned. “I meant that you’re in your thirties, you git.”
John cracked one eye open. “Neither did he.” He managed to maintain a serious expression for three whole seconds before he started giggling. And Sherlock couldn’t hold out any longer than John. And for a good few minutes, they were both laughing with abandon.
Nick took a few stumbling steps before he found his feet again and managed to take his own weight. “Shit that bloody stings.”
He sighed and scrubbed a hand over his face. “I wish I weren’t. It’s not helping that I’ve been saddled with that yoyo Llewellyn. And the lads liked Jasmine, but now we have Mag Aoidh. Who’s fucking fit, don’t get me wrong, but she’s been here two months and it’s like a black hole of fuckery, Steve. Where the bloody hell is the Lieutenant Colonel?”
By the time she was done, he felt the impending headache drumming in his temples. “Right. Ok, fine. Take whatever resources you need and go after the Reilly thing. I’ll… figure something out for this one.”
John shook his head and turned to retrieve some gauze. “That is absolutely none of your business, Captain.”
An insincere smile stretched across Mycroft’s face. “Very good. I would hate to have to pull Sherlock and the Major from Frost before a mutually satisfactory resolution to your current predicament can be found.”
“I’m sorry, Holmes was it?” Nick rounded on him and paused. He squinted at Sherlock as Sherlock’s lip curled up. Nick’s expression morphed into something of surprise. “William… Wills?” He barked out a laugh and ruffled Sherlock’s hair. John briefly wondered if he was about to lose that hand. “Look at you! I’d no idea you’d thrown in with the hoi polloi. What rabble are you working with? Six? You can’t be Five and be out here.”
And for what reward? Not financial. And certainly not fame. More often than not, John was ignored in favor of flouting the celebrity of Sherlock himself.
This time Lestrade gave her a wide smile. “Now that’s the pit-bull sergeant I hired. Any friends at the pub with him?”
Sherlock steepled his fingers in front of his face. He knew roughly where they were holding and most likely terrifying the poor woman. He could get there faster by himself though, just to confirm his suspicions. Then he'd call in Lestrade and make a quick break for Baker Street, John would giggle and...
“Shut the fuck up, Simon!” Bird snatched her kit and headed off towards the DFAC. Mac and Towerblock followed, both shaking their heads in disapproval. Loo sighed and went back to unloading the CV, slowly, and with all the attention he could muster.
Gee glared for a moment, frowned, and ran a finger over the nearest illustrated terrain, tracing an invisible pattern through the hills. Then she grumbled and rubbed a palm over her face. “I really, really don’t like what I’m about to say.”
“Me neither.” He clapped a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Try not to be dead for our reunion next time?”
“I said please. It wasn’t a suggestion.” John half turned, twisting just far enough to address Mag Aoidh directly. “You’re bleeding. Med tent. Now.”
Gee watched him head towards the break in the buildings, squinting at the footpath and shadows. “Bird, did Hog’s people go through all the buildings?”
Sherlock is still here, despite everything that John has put him through. He's taking on cases again, but he's so fragile too. John cannot lose Sherlock again, so he makes sure to keep his best friend at arm's length, for his own safety. It's too dangerous to be close to John. John is still here, in spite of the dangers he brought down on everyone around him. And Sherlock tolerates him. And John is terrified. He knows what it's like to almost lose Sherlock, he can't lose him again, and he cannot hurt him again. It's too dangerous to be close to Sherlock.
Sherlock frowned and stared at the kitchen floor. He knelt down to examine the dirt one of the gang had tracked in and he felt rather than saw Lestrade coming over and kneeling down beside him.
Screwhole just stood there, in the middle of the room, watching Simon quietly. “Medic or not. Go wash the blood off your face before you bleed on your uniform.”
“GSW to the left thigh. It’s in deep, no exit. Not an artery, but bloody as all hell. Tourniquet time,” Gee glanced at her watch. “Is nearly an hour now.”
“It’s what he does. He may be a moron when it comes to basic survival, but he’s unforgivably clever.”
“None of that, now,” Mrs. Hudson scolded. “I didn’t come to disturb, just thought you ought to have something nice and fresh this morning, after the late night.”
“Ah have a question,” Rocket announced. Bird lowered her magazine, considered Mac and Rocket, then shrugged and returned to her reading. “Where does haggis come from?”
“If you’re looking for the nearest exit, it’s ten meters to your right, but I do believe I’m actually faster than you are.”
John leveled a stare at Sherlock. “You realize I didn’t need to be in uniform until we met the lift out of the base later.”
“You’re a sick bastard, Gee,” Jasmine grinned. “Where’s that tall, lanky bastard that used to carry Medhurst’s bags?”
John straightened and flopped onto his bed. “What does it look like, genius?” He toed off his boots, letting them drop to the packed-dirt floor. Then he reached for his belt.
John stretched, cracked his neck from side to side, and scratched the back of his head. “Where else am I supposed to sleep?”
“Jazz,” Gee held out a fist and knocked if off of hers. “I can’t believe they sent you out to fetch this one.”
“Oh, I know,” she grinned. “I’ve a guy named Habbas who puts Reilly outside a pub in Clapham about ten minutes before this whole nonsense with the van started… just down the road from that pub.”
“You’ll be happy to know I returned to Frost relatively unscathed. The Lieutenant Colonel suggested you would like to be made aware.”
And if these boys don't start talking to each other, Martha Hudson will not be held responsible for her actions.
Loo scoffed. "Rocket is eating, Mac is being disgusting, Nick is being a pompous twat, Gee and Bird are likely about to kill them all, and Simon is sulking in a corner."
“Well done,” Bird clapped him on the shoulder. “We’ve a shout on.” The rest of Bluestone filed out, carrying various bits of equipment.
A significant number of important looking people stopped in front of their piece. There were quizzical looks, gestures, brief discussion, and they moved on.
Sherlock scoffed. “Is it boredom that has you observing this tedium? One engineer complaining about his bunkmate, the other pretending the repair of that drone is remotely challenging?”
He frowned ferociously for a moment, but rubbed a hand down his face and the expression was gone. “In my defense, that book is a crime against literature.”
The click of the front door lock shook her from her melancholy thoughts. Sherlock! He was home. Back. Where he belonged. Oh Sherlock- she was halfway to her door when she stopped herself. No, this time she would not interfere. John was in a terrible state upstairs and they needed their privacy (for once). And she couldn't stand between as a buffer.
There was a soft chiming sound. “Gentlemen, we are about to begin our descent into Stuttgart. Please prepare for landing.”
Simon stormed into his bunk, shucking his ruck roughly into a corner of the room. “Bitch,” he hissed under his breath.
“There were days that I’d murder anyone between me and a cuppa. I’m not going to judge her too harshly,” John replied, straightening up in his chair as Sherlock made an appearance.
“Sherlock!” Dr. Watson crossed his arms over his chest and hollered over his shoulder. “You didn’t tell me Mrs. Hudson was here, you giant berk.”
“Maybe that’s where you’re wrong,” Simon stood and turned to leave. “Haven’t you noticed that everything turned to rubbish the moment she showed up?”
John paced angrily, quickly covering corner to corner in the sitting room of Sherlock’s flat. If he’d given it a moment of thought, he’d have been impressed with the size of the open space and how fast he managed to traverse it. Instead, he continued to ball and unball his fists and tried to wear a hole through the floorboards.
Gee just frowned again and shook her head at the cluster of structures. It wasn’t quite a village, or rather it hadn’t been, abandoned as it was now. “It’s… a lot of buildings.”
“Shit!” Bird swore, dropping next to the wheel well of the CV. “Charlie-Charlie-One! Bluestone 42, contact.”
“You’re not. But I’ll take it. In,” he handed her the half empty bottle and pointed at the open back of the mastiff.
“But the number of people I save somehow balances out with the number I kill? Tell me, Padre, is it one to one? Is there some other ratio of equity? Does dragging Nick out of live fire make it ok that I killed two other people last night?”
“I was hoping to take a shower. I’m covered in soot and grit. And frankly, I really, really don’t like the smell of gasoline fires.”
“No!” Bird kept laughing. “It just sort of… Stuck there! And you woke up and just…” She trailed off in giggles.
Mycroft felt the corners of his mouth pull down in spite of himself. That had been well missed. It was about time he reinstalled the surveillance in Baker Street. Not only was John Watson bedecked in only his pants, but his hair was disheveled in such a fashion that it left nothing to the imagination as to how it came to stick out at odd angles. And for the love of God… A hickey on his neck. Childish.
“It is, isn’t it. So Medhurst has just bullied his medic into lifting their ban. You and I will be going on a ride-along rather soon.”
“Are all your little friends having good laugh? Send the artsy jock in to fuck up my one, ONE chance to…” He sliced a hand through the air. “Stop blinking at me like an idiot. Big blue eyes don’t work on me!”
“The window that you shot out, hefted an injured squad member up over the ledge of, and then dove through to avoid getting caught in a gasoline explosion? Do I have that right?”
“Loo, listen. Look at my face,” she continued calmly. “I’ll talk you through it. But I don’t have a free hand. Right?”
Lansley stumbled up behind Bird and Jasmine, bumping into them both and catching himself on Jasmine’s arm.
“Fuck,” Gee hissed as she managed to tug her shirt off. “Stupid, sodding…” She tossed the shirt into her footlocker and peeled her t-shirt off as well. “Goddammit.” She poked at the dressing on her shoulder, checking her fingertips for blood. It felt like it was oozing a bit, but they came away dry and clean. For all the dusty and grimy she felt, a shower was out of the question. God, the bra was going to be a pain in the arse. Letting out a steady stream of profanity, she struggled out of the bra and into an old long sleeved tee. Getting into sleep clothes was almost too much work. With a final sigh, she dropped onto her bed.
Then John understood what Lestrade had just told him. He had put Sherlock in a cab. Put him. Put. In a cab. As if he couldn’t go on his own volition. And John started to pace again. Greg understood. He got it. He knew. He managed to negotiate the volatile friendship that Sherlock and John had rebuilt in the wake of John’s absolute minefield of a marriage. Greg knew. And he always did what he could to smooth ruffled feathers on both sides. He would tell John where Sherlock is, apologize for not calling, lie through his teeth that he didn’t have a free hand rather than the truth that Sherlock had probably sworn up and down that John was too busy or John was sleeping or John was not able for it, because Sherlock didn’t want John there. Sherlock didn’t want him. Not anymore.
Bird closed her eyes and sighed, asking for patience that was long vanished. “No, Nick. In all the few short months I’ve shared a bunk with Gee, I cannot recall seeing her with her shirt off. Happy?”
It was a true challenge to keep the smile from his face as he left. He kept his gait precise and measured, even in the face of Mrs. Hudson dampened smile as she tidied the kitchen. He managed to shut the door evenly in his wake, cross to the vehicle idling at the curb, and settle in the dimmed interior before sighing and pinching in brow.
“I don’t…” John bit back the harsh scolding on the tip of his tongue. “Why do you insist on ignoring your own health?” he asked finally.
“Seeing as you’ll only need uniforms. I suppose your old ruck should work. And a laptop. Mycroft will secure your weapons and a sat phone for-“
"The... The attic?" Lestrade looked baffled, but duly headed for the stairs, shouting to Anderson. Something about the hatch in the ceiling. Sherlock didn't hear the rest as he slipped out of the front door and towards the abandoned garages half a mile away.
John’s brow shot up. “I find it interesting that you continue to think I’m asking.” Gee set her jaw and the corner of John’s mouth twitched. “I’ll tell you what though. You give me five push-ups.”
“Captain…” He cleared his throat and mumbled to his feet. “Captain Mag Aoidh, I think I… I… oweyouanapology.”
Sherlock reappeared and dumped his own on the table. Quickly and efficiently creating his own line of shades. “That is what’s wrong.”
“Ask you mother,” Nick cut him off. “Not that I mind a dirt shower with the hoi polloi every now and then, but I only schedule one per month. To what do I owe the pleasure of this unexpected luxury?”
“Probably somewhere in the bloody buildings!” Gee hissed, flattening her back against the nearest one.
Nick’s face scrunched at Rocket, refusing to break stride en route to the CO’s office. “Anyway. Some clever bastard has been detonating simultaneously, preferably while I’m next to the incendiary. Next time, I’ll just ask them kindly not to.”
“It’s the guts of the killer Medhurst pulled out of the ground today,” Nutsack replied, gesturing to each part in turn. “Pressure plate and switch, initiator, nice heaping of C4.”
“Don’t assume to know what I can and cannot imagine. Besides, that has been a rather unsuccessful tactic of late, hasn’t it?”
“You’d need eyes on for a remote and you’d have to be just right with it for it to work at all.” She traced the grain of the wood for a second. “If you did it right, everyone dies. But more than likely, it’s a giant waste of time and energy.”
“I did no such thing,” Sherlock took a bite glumly then stared at the food as though it had personally offended him. “This is not food, John.”
In the aftermath of everything that's happened, John has withdrawn and is avoiding Baker Street and all of its occupants. He won't touch anyone unless he's offering medical assistance, barely tolerates a peck on the cheek, always going back to that horrid flat in the suburbs. Sherlock desperately wants to help John heal, but he's caught up in a vicious circle of self-reproach and lack of necessity. And whatever the boys seem to think, they're blaming themselves, and darn straight.
“Project.” John said slowly, glancing between Sherlock and the large piece over his shoulder. “Just finished.”
John grinned. “Gordo, you little shit.” He clapped him firmly on the shoulder. “Find any interesting cars lately?”
“You look no more worse for the wear, brother mine.” Mycroft watched the expression play across Sherlock’s face, the wince as he struggled to keep the flattened expression from his bruised face. “Nothing a capable doctor cannot treat without adequate attention and care.”
Nick frowned. “It was all fairly straightforward to disarm. It wasn’t on a chain like the last few. It almost felt too easy.”
“That is, as someone who sees, as a style that, I…” Sherlock seemed to lose track of himself. “I think I’m flattered.”
“Oh yeah. And I’ve had him.” Greg ran his tongue over his teeth from behind his tight smile. “A. Lot.”
“There is none, my friend.” It was a casual enough reply, but he heeded the warning in the question itself and carefully moved to position himself near the rear of the mastiff.
She pushed off her right arm as John took her left. It was an innocent action, but she snapped her hand back in a hiss of pain. “Bollocks!”
“Corporal Lynda Bird. Electronic Counter Measures. Portsmouth, shockingly not in the Navy.” Another photo. “Lance Corporal Simon Lansley. Essex. General dog’s body, infantry protection.” Another. “Private Kevin McDowell. Glaswegian in every sense of the word. And Private Euan Armstrong. Edinburgh. Both infantry protection.”
Simon held up both hands. “Sorry. Sorry. Captain!” He turned to Nick, then turned back to Jazz, Bird, and Gee, “Sorry again.”
“Don’t see why, Bird. I get my kit out, use my formidable skills and… tool, and all going to plan, there’s a well controlled explosion at the end and everyone goes home happily satisfied.”
“Charlie-Charlie-One!” Bird switched channels as she rolled under the CV, popping out to Sherlock’s left and crouching with the vehicle at her back. “Contact…” She dropped lower as a pair of shots hit the mastiff.
“Goddammit! Stay down!” Mag Aoidh took off at a sprint, leaving the shelter of the mastiff for the open space. The moment she’d started, the lads opened fire. Suppression was the only cover they’d have. She slid the last two feet to get low to the ground and provide the smallest amount of cover for the ATO. “Up!” she barked, grabbing the nearest arm and hauling them both back to their feet.
It was with a sigh, but Screwhole set his controller on the floor at his feet and stood, marking his superior height and size with the simple action. “My point is that this is a shared room, Lansley.”
“You have the worst timing…” He carefully removed her hand and tugged on a shirt. “This is just one thing, in a long line of bloody awful things, that I would rather not remember. Oh look,” he pointed at the bandage. “A permanent reminder of the fact that I ought to write Gee up for a medal. But only if I’m not publically flogged within an inch of my life for being a stupid twat first.”
John marched towards their designated bunk in a style that could only be described as militant. And while Sherlock was happy to follow, happily watching as he followed; he also was well aware that John was epically cross. And if that made John stand a little taller, square his shoulders that much further, and stride just a bit longer, well… It was hard to be disappointed in the outcome.
“No, wait! Bird! Come back!” He only made it a few steps outside before colliding with Mary. “Christ!”
He didn’t have the words or the air to respond. John groped behind himself for a chair and dropped heavily into it, trying to keep from wheezing.
In the aftermath of everything that's happened, John has withdrawn and feels more wounded than ever. He won't touch anyone unless he's offering medical assistance, barely tolerates being at Baker Street and never stays, always going back to that horrid flat in the suburbs. Sherlock desperately wants to help John heal, but John knows it's all his fault. Whatever Sherlock is struggling with now, John knows he is the one to blame.
Gee lost her balance. The backwards stumble, the turn, the ache in her leg, all together it caused her knee to buckle and she only just managed to catch herself on her outstretched palms. The impact shot up through her arm and shoulder and she fell flat with a yelp.
“You’re not happy?” Mary asked, joining the conversation abruptly. “Why? What are we talking about?”
“Christ,” Towerblock muttered, darting forward and taking Loo’s free arm. “Rocket!” Rocket was there a moment later, relieving Mag Aoidh of Loo’s weight and helping Towerblock haul him to the mastiff.
“And just how old do you think I am?” He saw the corner of her mouth twitch. “Don’t answer that. God only knows when my arthritis will act up and you’ll be left with an ugly scar.”
John fished around for a pair of nitrile gloves and hummed non-committally. “Just like you’ve noticed that you’re still bleeding.”
“SHERLOCK!” At John’s bark, Sherlock snapped his mouth shut, watching John hesitantly. John hadn’t moved from parade rest, but his tongue shot out across his lower lip: a nervous tic to mask his desire to shake out his hand. “Sherlock, where, specifically, exactly, geographically are we going?”
“I have the files and the details for you to review before we leave. Shouldn’t take terribly long for you to pack.”
Mac and Rocket looked at each other for a moment, then turned in unison and dove under the nearest table.
“Now as for you,” John glared at Nick. “I highly recommend you turn around and walk out of this tent and retain what shred of dignity I will grant you. Or I will literally throw you out of here.”
Gee chewed on her lower lip, eyes flicking across the pages in front of her. “Towerblock submitted his reports recently. And I was going over the numbers.”
“Oi!” Towerblock barked. “Lads! We have guests.” Mac and Rocket were on their feet in a flash. “Privates, this is Major Watson and Mr. Holmes. They’ll be observing for the next short while.”
“It is, indefinitely, my brother or about my brother. I would rather not know.” The buzzing stopped again.
The grin she flashed his way was mildly disturbing, and Mycroft only just managed to keep from frowning as the smile melted from his face. “Oh, yes. I quite forgot about those.”
Dr. Watson stiffened, planting his feet and crossing his arms, forcing Sherlock to brush past him as he glared. He’d never taken fondly to finding Mycroft comfortably situated in their home. Then again, this hadn’t definitively been Dr. Watson’s home for the past nearly two years. Though, if he was being gracious, and Mycroft liked to think himself more gracious than others deserved, Baker Street had always been Dr. Watson’s home as much as it had been Sherlock’s. “Mycroft.” His name was given with a terse nod. And Mycroft suspected it was out of self-defense, as well as protective irritation.
It was seamless, and with more discipline than Sherlock thought the unit possessed, as they moved in unison. Sherlock dared to peek over the table, frowning as Lansley paused mid-yard. “One down! Ours!”
Sherlock hummed. “It still seems an irrationally strong response to wanting a better position on the rugby team.”
“Ah. I’m sorry to say in the Royal Engineers. One had a grievance against one of my men. Made an atrocious roommate. Not surprised really. But he decided it would be better if his mate was relieved of the burden of a bunkmate. Unfortunately, he found someone more than happy to assist.”
John let out a small whimper and tucked his head between his knees. His breathing was definitely tight. And fast. Too fast. He was gulping. God, he was going to vomit in the middle of the studio.
Towerblock shook his head. “Are you going to tell him that it’s just any field that he happens to be standing in?”
Surviving the second explosion of his short time in Afghanistan was somehow more pleasant than the first. To start, he wasn’t flat on the ground this time and he didn’t feel like his brain had been rattled around in his skull. Then again, bits of masonry and clumps of dried earth were showering down around them. But it seemed that John’s shoulders and back were taking the brunt of it where he’d thrown himself over Sherlock and wedged him against the wheel of the CV.
“Yes, of course… He tried to apologise to me once for… Oh God. Simon, wait!” Mary shouted as she dodged Bird and crossed towards the DFAC. “Simon!”
“Captain Medhurst, do you care to explain why I have MI-6 calling me to give out about lack of clearance?”
“Sir.” Bird gave a nod and pulled herself into the first CV and tugged the door shut, leaving Simon and Mac to guard their ATO and House.
“Corporal,” John gave Towerblock a brisk nod as he was crossing the yard. “Have you seen Nuttall about?”
Mycroft pressed his lips together in an effort not to frown. “Please don’t strain yourself. Another day on the base won’t kill him.”
“Of course I do. I always do.” Sherlock smirked. “Also, you have…” He waved a hand in a vague gesture at John’s face. “Conté…” The smirk stretched into a grin. “Everywhere.”
But for all his self-reproach, when Mrs. Hudson calls, John answers. He can’t not answer her. Not after the way she looked in on him, looked after him really. Looked in on Sherlock and fed John little reports through innocent texts that he could take or leave based on his mood, but never would leave Sherlock in a lurch. Sending John to interpret, to run interference, to run after him, to run - literally and figuratively. He owes her. So he connects the call.
“What are you doing?” Even softly whispered, the sound of his voice seemed to break the solemn quiet in the shared space and Sherlock started, his hand lifting instantly.
He was met by a long sigh. “Connectors? Thank god you’re here, Towerblock. What would I possibly do without you here to natter away in my ear? Oh wait… My job. Which in no way requires focus.” He continued to slowly clear the dirt around the bomb. “Looks like the chain heads off away.”
“Sorry, sorry,” Simon huffed as he reached the Det. “Sorry I’m late. I was just restocking the ammo.”
Nick nearly snarled, but his face fell into something of acceptance. “You are an unholy terror, Captain,” he hissed at her.
“There was contact. And this bloody numpty couldn’t find cover if it bit him in the arse!” Bird ruffled Towerblock’s short hair. “And then this RPG comes out of nowhere and hits him square in the chest!”
“Gee!” Medhurst boomed, clapping her on the shoulder. John winced sympathetically as the faint smile on her face wavered. “Tell me we’re in for an interesting day.”
“Ah, yes, Padre.” Smith turned from the small, open-flame cooker on his desk, “What can I do for you?”
“Hush,” Dr. Watson nuzzled the space between Sherlock’s cheek and shoulder as Mrs. Hudson delivered a plate full of prepared scones and made a soft cooing noise, clapping her hands together and retreating to the kitchen. “Eat your breakfast.”
“Oh God,” John laughed, looking at his hands. “Everywhere?” He gave up trying to wipe his palms on his trousers and headed for a sink. “God, what a mess.”
He rang Greg next, deciding if he couldn’t get through to Greg, he still had Mycroft on speed dial. Then again, a rude gesture to the nearest CCTV would do the trick just as well, and might be more satisfying. Thankfully, Greg answered with an exhausted hello. It was only with a practiced ear that John could tell tired and woken from sleep from tired and needing sleep. Greg needed sleep. But he wearily told John that Sherlock had just been with him. That he’d just put Sherlock in a cab and sent him home. The thank you that rolled off of John’s tongue was sincere only until he disconnected the line.
Mary looked up from her desk. “Nick? Hi.” She shuffled the papers away quickly. “Come in, come in,” she waved him into the room. “I actually wanted to talk to you.”
Rocket gleefully threw his arms around Gee, pulling her three feet clear of Simon’s sprawled form. “Nice punch, Gee!”
John jumped as the hands came down on his shoulders. “Christ, don’t scare me like that,” he hissed over his shoulder.
John sighed softly. “Captain Medhurst, I’m not sure you’ve noticed, but I’m in the middle of medic-ing your medic.” He tilted up his chin. “As she is more wounded than the affronted and hardly injured party, I am going to need you to step outside.”
“Dinner.” John gestured at the now packed DFAC. “Eat. And don’t tell me you aren’t hungry. I don’t care what you want; you’ll eat the dinner I put there in front of you while it’s still warm, or so help me, the words I have for you later will be even more cross than they already are.”
“No!” John burst out. “No. God, no. That…” He blew out a breath. “No. He wanted to see other people. I left him to it. He’s going to be leaving London when we graduate anyway. I just didn’t see the point in trying long distance. I… We weren’t that serious about each other.”
“What?” Medhurst glanced between them. “Wires come from scraps you’d find in all the old Soviet refuse.”
“Bird, wait,” he caught up easily and cut her off, stooping to make himself look smaller. “I need your help.”
Sherlock blinked rapidly, as if the shout had blurred his vision as well as sent his ears ringing. John bit back a grin. “Well, he’s not eating now.”
“Wait, no. Sorry, no.” John poked a conté coated finger into Sherlock’s chest. “When we were splitting this, you asked me-“
“And no, Gee, they didn’t go into every single building. That would have taken ages. And these are live bombs. And now I’m losing the light. So if you all would kindly…”
“Ok,” John sighed and tossed the file on the small table between them, the dull roar of the jets in conjunction with the small print lulling him into a bit of a fog. “Let me get this straight. You and I are going to a small and rural patrol base in the middle of fuck all nowhere Helmand. Because,” and John raised a finger to emphasize his point. “One of Mycroft’s buddies thinks that someone is trying to kill soldiers, who are actually in an active combat zone, and has vague suspicions that it’s an inside job?”
“No, Gee. I wasn’t. I was going to wait until we were knee deep in the suck before thinking about it. But thank goodness you’re here to set everything straight.”
Sherlock stepped up behind him again and rested one hand on his shoulder. “The original framework was, is still boldly colorful. I didn’t change a single shade there, just modified the shape. It’s a mix of jewel tones that may, somewhat…”
Mag Aoidh raised a brow. “I know. But you’re only down about an inch of skin and maybe a tiny bit of pudge off your love-handle there. I think you’ll live.”
“First of all,” John eased the chair back onto two legs and finally twisted to meet Sherlock’s gaze. “That one bunks with Lansley. And I’ve only known the kid for a few hours, but I’d be so far beyond just complaining. Second, that one is flat broke from gambling with Medhurst.”
“Meeting in Bastion, I think. He dropped in as I popped off.” Nuttall gave a shrug. “Now look, I’ll have a nosey and see what I can find. But I need you to bring me something, yeah?”
She took a swig of the water and spat on out the worst of the soot she could taste. “Bird,” she croaked. “Loo needs an urgent evac to Bastion.”
“I’ll just nip in for my robe, won’t be a tick,” Dr. Watson’s voice was leaden with embarrassment, thick enough it almost made Mycroft sigh with the unnecessary nature of it.
“Get offa me,” Gee shook free of Rocket’s hold and squared herself. “Sir, I’d rather stay and finish…”
John's hand on his wrist as he lay limply on the cold pavement. John's fists on his lapels as he shoved Sherlock roughly to the ground in a fancy hotel restaurant. John's hand on his neck and his arm around Sherlock's back during that horridly awkward embrace at the wedding dinner. The vague sensation of John's hands on his chest as he lay bleeding and in agony on Magnussen's penthouse floor. The caring, all too fleeting, touches of his recovery. The feeling of John's hand in his as they shook hands before Sherlock got on the plane.
John took her elbow and gingerly drew back the sleeve, a sigh escaping as he eyed the burn. “Not going to mention this one either?”
“He’s above your pay grade,” Nick said with a chuckle. “Now. Tell me if you’ve got anything new for me.”
“The front piece, the frame there is black. The pastels I gave you are actually your monochrome greys.”
“Jiw jiw! I’m fucking Welsh!” Rhys snapped, breaking his near hour-long silence. “I’m piss tired of this shite, you gomping limbo.”
She glared at him. He waited her out. When it became apparent that pure stubbornness wouldn’t win, Gee swallowed. “It’s…”
John groaned. “No. No, no, no.” John dragged a hand down his face. “Oh God. How bad? How bad is it?”
“No, because I like to keep separate the life where I go to mass with my nan and knit from the life where I kill people.”
Mac whispered carefully in Rocket’s ear as he adjusted his rifle. Towerblock and John fired simultaneously, and it was exactly what Rocket had been waiting for: a glint. The tip of a scope or the barrel of the gun. Peeking out from the netting that had been hiding it. Mac hissed out a warning. Rocket shifted. “Aye, thir’s th’ bas.” And he pulled the trigger.
Sherlock shifted nervously. Anxiously. Antsy. Where was John? What if the shots at the Det had hit him? What if he was bleeding?
“Hold please,” Nick cut in. “Would someone, preferably in my infantry protection, bloody well shoot those bastards?”
Sherlock flinched as Towerblock fired, perhaps less blindly, but far closer to Sherlock, the sound of the shot ear-splittingly loud. Before he had a chance to demand a warning, another shot sounded from the Det… John.
Dr. Watson choked into his mug. Sherlock practically grinned. “He does have quite spectacularly talented fingers.” Dr. Watson choked again, spluttering loudly for a moment. Mrs. Hudson made a concerned noise. “John, tea?”
“I’m everyone’s type,” he pillowed the back of his head in his hands and winked. Then he flinched as antiseptic soaked gauze pressed into the wound on his side. “Fuck, Gee! A little warning!”
Sherlock stooped, keeping his voice low and hushed in John’s ear. “Don’t engage them, John. Once they get started they’ll never stop.”
Nick tossed his pack at Towerblock. “I don’t know about you chaps, but I prefer my controlled detonations to be controlled. Not a first time, fumbling, finger-bang in the back of a Greggs loo, with which I can only assume you are all too familiar!”
Sherlock hummed unrepentantly and replaced one of his hands with his chin. “Fearless on the rugby pitch, balks in the face of a few critiques.”
He paced from the kitchen, absently noting the horrible curtains, the atrocious couch, the ugly throw rug that covered half of the sitting room. Creamy walls didn’t seem upbeat, but faded, dusky, worn and false and disturbing. He took another generous sip of the whiskey and scrubbed at his face. He was tired. That was all. Exhaustion. Work, and cases, and running around, and deliberately and resolutely avoiding the emotional wreckage that was his soul. Out of habit again, maybe, he found himself at the top of the stairs, stopping just short of crossing into the master suite. He glared through the open door at a room that was never truly his, a bed that had never brought rest, at sheets he hadn’t chosen. And he clenched his jaw and turned away, blinking back whatever was trying to crack through the levees he’d reinforced around his rage.
Lestrade offered a half grin before he thought better of it. “Bold. We chase down our own leads, Donovan.”
The twitch of John’s mouth offered agreement. “Very. But also, they have a reef. And there’s ruins. These gorgeous standing pyramids. Pre-Columbian.”
He blinked. A number of possible statements and questions ran through his mind, but he dismissed them all as useless. “Gregory.”
Suddenly Sherlock couldn't stand it anymore, the stupid, pointless concern and the soft, gentling tones in Lestrade's voice. He knew it was unfair to blame the DI; this situation, John's absence, was entirely Sherlock's fault. But he couldn't listen to it any longer.
“What about the time we camped out and had to bayonet those insurgents in the middle of the night?” Simon grinned.
It was both a quick and lengthy call as Mrs. Hudson flustered through a worried diatribe from which John could only glean that Sherlock had left, gone off somewhere. And he was alone, and he wasn’t back, and it was so very late, and she was so incredibly worried. And even before he was fully awake, John was agreeing to come over. To go back to Baker Street, so that she doesn’t have to wait alone. In the back of his mind, he knows she will be in her flat, and he will be up in B, waiting separately. Together and alone. He pushed himself off of the couch, crammed his feet back into his shoes, and tugged his jacket on.
Mycroft grinned viciously. “I knew there was a reason, I had the soundproofing installed in my office.”
Sherlock started and watched as Medhurst and Colonel Smith were on their feet, heading straight towards the fallen soldier and Mag Aoidh. All clear? Was that an all clear signal? It was safe to move? He stood and when he wasn’t immediately ordered back down, he inched towards the edge of the DFAC, slowly getting closer to the yard.
It had only been a few months and Sherlock knew that it would take time for his friend to heal, for them to even begin to return to the easy companionship they had had before. It had been getting increasingly difficult to hide the longing though, this past few months. John hadn't moved back into Baker Street as Sherlock had hoped he would; he was still living in that awful suburban flat he shared with his "wife". Suffocating and tiny, Sherlock had been there once or twice and found it unutterably hateful. Within its confines John seemed to shrink, appear much smaller, as if the Cath Kidston cheerfulness of his surroundings were reducing him to a shadow, a poor facsimile of himself.
“Yes!” Gee strode into the Det, shoving the last of her kit into the pack. “Captain Medhurst! Please, don’t let me keep you by making sure I can do something if you get yourself shot… Again.”
) but he recalled he had decided only a few hours ago to leave John alone, give him the space he clearly wanted and needed.
It was a taxi to Baker Street. No other way at this hour. And Mrs. Hudson was up as he let himself in. He tolerated the embrace for her sake rather than his own. And he tolerated the tea that she’d compulsively made. She tutted and wrung her hands, and only calmed when John promised he’d be upstairs. That he’d keep vigil so she could sleep. And even then, only when he promised he’d stay in his old room if necessary. He had no intention to sleep upstairs. He had every intention of staying awake in a seething rage until Sherlock returned.
John stalked towards him and loomed over him on the sofa. His proximity was intoxicating and Sherlock was drowning in it. He closed his eyes and steeled himself for the onslaught.
Sherlock tossed a handful of notes at the cab driver and hauled himself out onto the street. The big black door of 221b seemed warm and welcoming and it was with a deep inhale that he quietly let himself in. He breathed in the comforting scent of home and allowed just one shiver of longing to swell in his chest before ruthlessly squashing it back down.
John huffed and crossed his arms, muttering a barely audible, “Lazy git.” Though whether it was directed at Sherlock or Mycroft was open to interpretation.
John’s face flushed. “I mean… I… Bollocks.” He pulled out from under Sherlock’s hands and turned around, trying to put a small amount of space between them. “I mean, I don’t… They don’t…”
“Shut up!” Bird laughed and smacked Gee’s arm. Gee winced and tipped her head in acquiescence. “No. I meant that Loo is limping around.”
“Thank you, Lieutenant Colonel. I appreciate the information. Would you have my brother contact me when he returns to Frost?”
Sherlock lost his breath as a pair of arms wrapped around his chest and dragged him backwards over a table. The table followed with a crash, as Sherlock landed flat on his back. John sprawled overtop of him, pinning him to the ground. “John?”
The very next day, I saw him again. Same street, same hour, same hand holding his umbrella at the same weirdly perfect angle. This time, I had mine, too. Still no eye contact. He looked in a rush. At least our umbrellas kept us at a safe distance, should he decide to invade my personal space again.
The first moment we actually shared a look was when he turned the same corner the next morning, out of nowhere. This time, it was me who ran right into him. He looked at me in outrage, but he didn’t say a word. He was taking off before I could even manage an apology. Nevermind, then. The tosser was already on his way, and so was I.
. I don’t know if I could consider him a stranger anymore. We did engage in conversations - admittedly short, but conversations nonetheless - almost every day. And he was starting to warm up to me, I could tell. Hell, I certainly
Look at me. Daydreaming about a strange, interesting man I met on the street. John Watson. Me. Me, John Watson, at my job, daydreaming.
Thursday at 4 a.m, Harry barged into my flat completely wasted after five months sober, enraged and confused as to why Clara had kicked her out of their home for the night. She slept on my couch but surprisingly, she was gone by the time I woke up and my morning routine was replaced by a thorough cleaning of the kitchen and the living room.
My response, for some reasons, made him frown a little. His piercing eyes suddenly darted up and down my body without a hint of shame. A bit confused, my eyebrows knitted together and I mirrored the visual appraising with question marks in my eyes.
When I looked back up at him, my mouth slightly agape in disbelief, he sent a little wink my way and left. I was pretty sure I heard whistling in the distance.
As I finally calmed down from howling in laughter in public, I started to wonder what I was going to tell my co-worker to explain why I was late. I didn’t have much time to think, nor was I focused enough to do so. I ended up telling the truth, and luckily for me, Jenny was so interested in the whole story that she said she wouldn’t tell the boss on one condition, and the condition was to ask Sherlock on a date.
Despite being in the process of absolutely destroying my attempt at being subtle with my advances, he didn’t look smug or pleased with himself at all.
I was still giggling to myself on my way to Papyrus when my phone buzzed in my pocket. I checked the time on my watch first and noticed that I was indeed going to be late for work. ‘’Shit,’’ I muttered under my breath, pulling out my phone thinking that I had just received a text from my co-worker.
It wasn’t even that funny. I didn’t know why I found that so hilarious - it wasn’t even funny! But it was great, laughing with him. It felt amazing.
to get there early, just so you know. I have, um.’’ Come on, Watson. Subject, verb, complement. ‘’You know. I was supposed to finish something yesterday and I didn’t. So. I’m. Coming in. Uh, early.’’
I was so incredibly embarrassed. He completely disarmed me with his question - I’d always been a confident man, yeah? Yet it took him only one sentence to strip me of every ounce of courage I had in me.
He glanced at me but didn’t stop in his walk. ‘’Very clever. Hadn’t thought of that,’’ he mumbled out as he passed me.
‘’My parents have very common names. They overcompensated with their children,’’ Sherlock replied as he started to move backwards and away. ‘’Later, John.’’
‘’I know,’’ he responded, which made me stop in my walk. He smiled and patted the left side of his upper chest lightly. I looked down and saw my nametag.
He slowed down when he was a few meters away from me and pulled out a lighter and a cigarette pack. ‘’Kind of,’’ he said as he trapped a smoke between his plush lips. He didn’t wait for another question and kept walking towards… I don’t even know. I
I looked down at my wrist watch. I was three minutes ahead of my scheduled morning walk to work. As I looked up at him, I ran a hand over the back of my head and smoothed my hair lightly. ‘’Right,’’ I breathed out.
‘’I don’t understand,‘’ was my poor excuse for a response, and it was so incredibly pathetic that I started to think about plotting a way out of this situation.
He chuckled lightly. ‘’Children truly excel at making a mess,’’ he replied, gazing at the sky shortly. ‘’I usually don’t participate in the school activities but the teacher was indisposed and called in a favor.’’
by our thirteenth encounter. It means that you’ve been counting the days, posh bastard. And it means you remember bumping into me that first day. You should have apologized, by the way. That was incredibly rude.’’
He held his phone out for me to register my number. Even though my fingers felt numb, I added my name and number in his contact list quickly enough and handed the phone back to him.
As he took a step back, he raised an eyebrow and adjusted the collar of his coat. ‘’No. You’re early,’’ he replied with a pointed bow of his head.
I didn’t know if he’d done it on purpose or anything, but on Tuesday, he looked particularly good. He was wearing a pair of jeans, dark and well adjusted, as well as a white dress-shirt that had three buttons undone.
I stared at him in silence, jaw clenched and nostrils flaring, but not for the reason he thought. Either he didn’t listen to anything I just said, or he was avoiding the subject entirely. ‘’I have to go, though. You know. Places to be.’’
I did a full body turn to look at him. ‘’What about quitting?’’ I asked, thinking of the three nicotine patches I had seen on his forearm not long ago.
I wonder if there were stars in my eyes right this instant. It felt like there were. ‘’Right,’’ I breathed out, and as I did, I suddenly realized that I have been saying that a lot when talking to Sherlock.
I didn’t see him Friday morning and I assumed he wouldn’t show up for work that day. Was it even for work? I didn’t even know. Maybe he was simply visiting his granny very often. Or maybe he had to feed horses at a stable. I couldn’t possibly know. I just assumed, since I crossed paths with him a lot, that he was, too, a mere mortal working a nine to five to make ends meet.
‘’Aren’t you going to pass me yours?’’ Sherlock asked, referring to my cell phone, as he put his own device back in his pocket.
Something shifted in his facial expression and I could tell he wasn’t buying into my bullshit. I wouldn’t either. Luckily, he took pity on me. ‘’Very well,’’ he responded simply.
'I wouldn't of, I would have understood. I just didn't realise how much it affected him. He never said anything, just that he missed me. Why didn't he say something after he found out. He clearly spoke to Mycroft about it.'
"Well for one, neither of us thought it was possible, and two, you were dealing with Moriarty, you had more than enough on your plate. I should have told you though," John finished quietly, eyes downcast. He felt Sherlock's fingers on his face and his eyes rose to meet those of his husband who shook his head, a smile on his face. He gently leaned down to place a kiss on John's lips.
I hope you enjoy this next chapter. Please leave reviews, I'd like to know what you guys are thinking.
'Don't worry mate, I'll keep an eye on him. It'll be a lot easier than normal cuz he's actually sleeping. I don't have to worry about him escaping from me.'
'Mycroft thought best not to inform him whilst he was away, thought it would distract him. And I, I didn't tell him because I didn't want him feeling guilty for pushing me that far. I already felt bad enough for hitting him several times the night he came back. He didn't deserve that on top of it.'
'Oh blimey. John told me about this. Please don't get lost in that head of yours. I'm serious. John is head over heels in love with you, has been for years. He, never told you because you don't do relationships, married to your work n all. He was happy just having you in his life, as his best friend.'
"Thank God he's ok." He paused. "How bad is he?" he asked, feeling worried about the answer he was waiting to receive.
"Sherlock, Moran was a dangerous man. Yes he followed Moriarty's lead, but he doesn't give up a job ever. He's an extremely good sniper, and I would know." Sherlock looked at him, deducing what he knew. John watched as his eye's widened as he worked it out. "Yes, he was the one that shot my shoulder, although he didn't recognise me as I was pretty wrapped up in a scarf to keep the dust out of my face. If things had gone differently that day, I'm pretty sure I wouldn't be here now." Sherlock's arms tightened around John, as if to make sure he wasn't going anywhere.
‘I do,’ he said flatly. ‘I would never have met Mary, never have married her and she would never have tried to kill Sherlock. The whole bloody world would have kept on spinning without me in it just fine.' Silence once again reigned in the room until Sherlock's croaked voice startled him.
But Sherlock was smart, so smart that he would have predicted several ways in which the confrontation would have gone down. Where was his contingency plan?
'Sherlock, your awake.' He breathed a sigh of relief seeing Sherlock looking at him, his eyes slightly glazed. He reached over to press the button for the nurses station.
Greg shook his head, bloody Mycroft. Time for some home truths. Yeah maybe it wasn't the time, Sherlock had been shot and was recovering, but damn the guy needed some sense knocked into him, and by God damn it he was going to get through to him.
'You know that I was in a bad place Greg, after the fall, I was in so much pain and Sherlock, was gone. The drink and the ... drugs. God anything to just not be...here. Most times Mycroft or you came at just the right time, other times it was already to late. I...the high was enough to make me forget he was gone and then I'd crash back down, remembering that he was gone. Christ, the amount of times I just thought of giving in, having that bit too much, counting my sleeping pills, staring at my gun. I was at my lowest point and looking back I can't believe I ever let myself go that badly.' one shook his head, trying to rid himself of the horrible memories.
