John was forgiving.
Sherlock is reluctant to talk to John
Sherlock hesitated, and screwed up his face.
Sherlock was trying as hard as he could to be an asshole. He hoped the more he was rude and the more he acted ignorant, the more John would just return to how it was before. Before the Fall. Before that.
"I'm calling Lestrade. I'm telling him no cases until I say so." John said solemnly.
Sherlock froze. "What state?"
Sherlock felt so human now. It hurt him. He didn't deserve this, not John. Sherlock covered his face with his hands and John quaked at the image in front of him, resembling a scared child.
"It's not healthy, Sherlock."
"John Watson." He grinned, sitting back down in his usual seat. "Sorry for all that." He attempted a joke.
His head swam. Everything was wrong. Sherlock collapsed on the floor.
"I do know that. Believe me." Sherlock wiped away a tear, choking out sobs of agony and relief. John held him, and understood completely what those wretched sobs meant.
"Don't." Sherlock croaked, gripping John's wrist. John was so astounded he couldn't speak, the closest he managed was to open his mouth slightly.
"What's sore?" John straightened his shoulders.
"No!" Sherlock jumped up from his chair, jolting at the pain in his back. "No painkillers." He held an arm out to John.
They needed to talk.
"Sherlock. Honestly. I'm not lying to you. I've been here, you know that. You saved my life - more than once. Now I have you back...don't let me lose you again."
John's face was written full of worry, pain and... guilt? Sherlock was too exhausted at this point. Too tired to be stubborn, too relieved to defy John. He gave himself up.
John frowned - why be so open with him last night, to suddenly close off again?
Sherlock wills his fucking hands to stop shaking but they won’t so he gives up on the feat.
She had texted:
__________
Phillip rounded the corner, and he was clothed only in his pants. John shut his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose.
Sherlock is everywhere at once. He climbs fully on top of John, straddling him.
“I’ll think about it,” John said. Mycroft tilted his head, and John nodded. “I want to see him. I do. I just don’t know how he’ll react to seeing me.”
“I believe I left a pack of cigarettes in your bathroom,” Sherlock said, mouth pulling up into a grin.
__________
John awakes at two in the morning.  His arm had been tucked around Mary’s belly.  The bed is still warm but she is gone.
After the shop closed for the day, John gathered everyone. He gathered Molly, Greg, Phillip, Harry, and Mrs. Hudson all into his flat. He described everything that had happened between himself and Sherlock, word for word. When he was done, he looked around the room at his friends.
“Such a gentleman,” she says, but doesn’t get in right away.  Instead, she runs her hand down the back of John’s head, through his hair, then leaves her palm heavy at the nape of his neck.  She leans in and kisses him gently, then pulls away, getting inside of the cab.  John comes around the door and leans down.
It feels strange to look at her, to know that the woman he asked to marry him is not sitting in front of him, swollen and pregnant.  That woman never existed.
John never knew ashtrays could be romantic.
“You were the best and wisest man that I have ever known.  Of course I forgive you.”
“I haven’t got a clue what to say,” Sherlock said.
He won’t sleep without it either.
“It appears so,” John replies.
“Just stay here tonight.  But, John, please look at me,” Harry says.  Her eyes are deep and mirror his own.
“How do you think?” Sherlock said. “The press has found me which means Moriarty has found me. The man who wants to destroy everything I hold dear now knows I spent the night with you. He knows where you live, and he’ll come for you too. Not to mention a mere forty eight hours ago photos from my dark past popped up everywhere, and all of London knows my darkest secret. Add this into the mix, I’m now sleeping with a man when I’m meant to be dating Janine. I look like a monster to anyone paying attention.”
“You know this isn’t good, right?  You tell me that all the time,” Sherlock says.
He can laugh at those dreams now, at least, as he watches Sherlock mutter in his sleep, face completely soft like it never is when awake.
Harry made her way back to the table, a hand over her mouth, looking horrified.
And so it begins.  She must have been visiting with Mrs. Hudson.  John feels somewhat guilty.  It’s been nearly a year since he’s been to see her.
John can’t help but feel giddy as he hits send.  He thinks of all the times he’s wanted to kiss Sherlock and been unable to.  He tries not to work himself up too much, and in order to distract himself from his own impatience he goes into the kitchen and puts the kettle on.
“No.”
“They’re just theories thank you very much.”
John hates himself entirely for a few moments.
“Just…checking,” Phillip said to Sherlock.
Phillip came through the door carrying a bag of groceries.
“John, I miss you.  I miss you all the time,” he says quietly, looking wrecked.  Sherlock then buries his face in the crook of John’s neck.  “I miss you all the time,” he repeats into John’s skin.  John runs a hand through Sherlock’s hair.
If that doesn’t work he’ll go quiet.  He won’t be happy but he’ll be quiet.
“Of course,” Sherlock says.
John stopped in his tracks, stared at the pavement for a moment, then forced himself to look Sherlock in the eye.
“Thank you,” he says quietly into the now empty glass, watching John from across the table.  He doesn’t know what to say, or how to react.  He only wants to kiss John and he can’t do that so he watches the kitchen table intently.
“Is it still alright if I come in?” Sherlock asks.  John sets his book down and nods.
John isn’t really looking him in the eye.  He has smiled and laughed a little when Sherlock had made a very stupid joke about John having to buy the milk again and John had sat on his bed and looked around his room with a soft smile on his face, as if pleased to be taking in his surroundings.  But he doesn’t look Sherlock in the eye.  He scratches the back of his neck and looks the other way.  Sherlock supposes that he just needs to adjust, that John will feel more relaxed in a couple of days.  Hopefully.
__________
He looks around 221b and takes it in.  The way he had collapsed under the weight of his love and of his sadness here is almost unbearable.  And Sherlock is in front of him, pouring them glasses of aged scotch and looking as beautiful as ever. Sherlock’s hair falls lightly against the nape of his neck, and as he turns to hand John his glass, he wobbles a little.  It’s fairly adorable and the pain in John’s chest that would ache all the time when Sherlock did something wonderful (which had been fairly often) was returning.  It made him both happy and sad at once.
John sits.  Sherlock inspects the bottom of his feet and his ankles.  They hurt but John’s eyes are closed.
“Is Mr. Holmes still in the building?” he asked the front desk clerk, who only shook her head.
Sherlock nodded, pressing his lips together.
John clears his throat, doesn’t meet her eyes.
“What is that?”
John stays with Harry after Christmas all the way to the New Year. Harry cooks them breakfast almost every morning and smokes cigarettes with her coffee but besides Christmas and New Year’s Eve she doesn’t touch the alcohol. It’s a step in the right direction and makes John feel less guilty for indulging with her.
John clears his throat, which feels raw at the moment.
"He was really, very gorgeous.  He looked a bit like you.  He had terrible eyesight and was a little clumsy but he was very smart and I don't think I ever met anyone who didn't like him.  He forced me to enjoy life because I didn't know how to do it myself.  He very fairly wanted things of me I couldn't give.  Because I was too afraid.  Because I watched my sister vomit red wine all over our bathroom when she was fifteen because our parents found out she had a girlfriend.  Because I was far too worried about what people would think of me.  I ran away.  I went and joined the military and I got deployed and I didn't even tell him I was going to do it.  I didn't even have the decency to tell him I loved him."
“Sherlock is actually a girl’s name.”
“Maybe.  I don’t know,” John replies.  He takes a sip of wine.  Nothing has felt as dangerous as the possibility of this conversation since Sherlock went away and his heart is beating out of his chest.
John eyed Ellis rather coldly.  He licked his lips and then smirked. John felt angry and he wasn’t all that sure why.  Ellis was right, about all of it.  That’s probably why it stung so much.
John ran into the Ritz, hoping against hope that Sherlock was still in the building.
“I know.  It isn’t how I wanted things to work out for you.  I’m sorry,” Sherlock says, and suddenly he looks so fucking sad that John immediately knows he has chosen his words incorrectly.
“Sherlock, it’s going to be fine.  Like I said just keep it simple.  You’ll be done so soon, really.”
John’s wife, the liar who lied to John about the baby being his own.
i'm so sorry this is so??? not great??? i didn't rly want to write this chapter, mainly because it's just following the episode. but!! the next chapter will be not garbage and more of my own take which will be fun. ok also, i told myself this has to be finished by the end of july. because if it takes me more than a year to write this like.......that is just....so bad lmao.
John stammered, and felt his heart begin to hammer in his chest.
“Yes. Finally.”
John has been watching from his chair, and he smiles when Sherlock turns to him.
“Yeah, you’d better be.”
"What was he like?"
__________
After Sherlock’s response, the crowd went wild and John found himself lifting his own hand to ask a question.
“No matter what happens in the next few minutes.  Just stay here.  Please.”
“Mary’s coming to Christmas.  You should probably tell her you’ve forgiven her then.”
“Did you know about her?” John asked quietly.  Sherlock looked up.
Just as he’s about to lose consciousness John hears a yelp behind him.
He doesn’t want to, but he needs a drink.
“You know I’d never let anyone hurt you, right?”
It’s been a month without him.  Last night had marked one month.  Though time has slipped by, it’s really as if time hasn’t moved at all.
“How much longer are you staying in the UK?” One reporter asked.
“Most definitely. He came round to my flat when he was found not guilty, right after the trial. He told me it was always going to be just him and me. He said ‘I owe you a fall.’ He’s going to destroy everything I have, and then he’s going to kill me.”
“Doctor, are you trying to get me drunk?”
If John doesn’t know now he never will, because Sherlock most likely will never get the chance to tell him.
They watch each other for a moment.
“John,” Sherlock says, and John pulls away to look at him.
John stands next to Sherlock, unsure of what to do for several minutes, still clutching the bottle of wine.
“Well technically it always was my kitchen,” Sherlock starts, and then backtracks. “But yes I’ve returned. Sorry for the fright.” He gives her one of his chesire cat smiles and she slaps him on the shoulder. It looks like it must have hurt at least a little as Sherlock rubs at it.
Just a little under two years.  Sherlock’s hair is far too long and he’s been pulling it up.  The only upside to it is imagining what John might think of the length.
He has already said goodbye, John’s words not making any difference.  John screams his name out, it makes no difference.
“Um,” Sherlock replies brilliantly.
Sherlock leads John into his bedroom. As John climbs into the bed he realizes the last time he’d been in it was when he had laid in it wondering if Sherlock was ever coming back, while he had fantasized about Sherlock showing up out of nowhere. Sherlock curls up on the right side of the bed, farther away from the door. John feels so tired, but he thinks if he closes his eyes Sherlock might be gone when he opens them.
“If you’re going to slowly kill yourself then so am I,” John says.
“Oh?  Hi…how’re you?”
John looks at him very seriously, not willing to let him think for a moment he doesn’t believe him.
“How can you possibly know that?”
“It’s alright, Mrs. Roberts, you’re okay now.”
__________
“Yeah?” Greg said, raising his eyebrows. John shrugged and knocked.
“What?”
"The birthday party of a complete stranger, I wouldn't miss it for anything."
There are moments when her face becomes reptilian.  Her eyes stare at him and the wrinkles at her mouth form patterns which John cannot follow.
“What?” Sherlock asks. “From what I remember that isn’t so far-fetched.”
“Right. Follow me.”
“I have had it for some time. I purchased it after I left your flat actually. I am horrified by how I acted last we were together, and because of that I haven’t tried to contact you. Then I saw you yesterday, and figured it was about time I gave it to you.” Sherlock looked at the floor, and then looked directly at John, and it was though Sherlock could see John’s soul. “The thing is, John.” Sherlock paused, and looked as though he might have a stroke.
He knows somehow that that would be too much.  Sherlock thinks that if he isn’t careful, John will leave again.
John licks his lips and sighs.
“Stay forever,” John said at the same time the doorbell rang.
“I think…given the circumstances, if this is turning into what I think it is…” John trails off too.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”  The man asks.  He talks quickly, spilling John’s life story onto the lab floor in front of them, and John doesn’t believe.
One day in late spring, Harry came round to the book shop. Mrs. Hudson greeted her and Harry beamed at them both as she held a small piece of paper in her hand.
John pours him a glass of scotch after.  The flat is dimly lit, only the desk lamp on and the bathroom light still left on.
He thinks about declining.  He remembers the counselor in his AA meetings saying they should all wait to get into relationships until they’d been sober for at least a year.  And that had made sense.  In fact, it hadn’t even been a concern.  Sherlock hadn’t wanted anyone in so long it didn’t seem like something that would affect him.  But he’s been sober ten months and there’s a beautiful doctor staring at him, licking his lips.
Sherlock won’t look at him.
“Don’t be. I want to tell you. It’s just so fresh still.”
They’re all unbelievable.
John stares blankly at the telly, still playing. He wills himself not to follow.
“It’s nice.  Though I haven’t been giving names much thought yet.  It’s all happened so quickly,” John replies.  He sits down on their couch, and holds out a hand to Mary.  She takes it and sits down next to him, head resting on his shoulder.
“What was she doing before she passed out?” John asks.
“This is…uhm…” Sherlock said, and seeing that Sherlock was at a total loss, John stepped in.
The conference took place at a hotel in north London. John took a cab to the venue and tried not to sweat through his jacket. He wondered if he had ever been more nervous than he was in this moment. Maybe on his first date when he was a teenager. Mycroft had left him the address and a time to get there. It would be a few hours before the conference began, but Sherlock would be there preparing.
"Janine is a fascinating person.  But there wasn't actually much convincing between her and I.  She knew exactly what I was doing the entire time, and I helped her get publicity.  And what you read in the papers, is all fake, obviously.  We never had sex."
This was a fellow med student.  John had had him in class but doesn’t know his name.  Didn’t even know if he liked men or women, people even.  Yet, somehow the smile and his deep voice when he asked John what he wanted to order was comforting somehow.  John smiled back over his tea mug. He can’t help watching the man, can’t help his eyes following.  In all honesty, John Watson is embarrassed.
Sherlock is standing in the hallway, a hand in his hair.
“Am I the current King of England?”
“Victor, I really don’t see any point in fighting with my brother. He always gets what he wants.”
They kiss everywhere.  Sherlock is intensely surprised the first time John lays a small kiss on his temple in public.  They are out to dinner and John gets up to use the bathroom and after he sets his napkin on the table he quickly kisses Sherlock’s temple.
“Sorry I’m late!” he said, carrying a baguette and a head of cauliflower. “What did I miss?”
Sherlock laughed a little, and shook his head. “No.”
“Yes. One of them was this bloke named Holmes. Just a few days ago. Sorry, it slipped my mind completely. He didn’t specify anything.
"Do I really need to spell it out for you?  As you can see, I'm laying in bed with you, I've kissed you approximately four hundred and fifty six times today, and you're asking me
There are eleven rooms on the ground floor, three of which can only be opened with a key.
“And, do you think you’ll find out who the…criminal is?” John said, hoping he was being vague enough. Mycroft raised an eyebrow. Apparently he was not being vague enough.
“I don’t want to go back to her,” John says.  He hadn’t expected to, but he does.
“I did.  Just like you knew that I drank so much of this shite I threw it up everywhere in our parent’s bathroom when I was fifteen.”  Harry shrugs.  “It does tend to run in families, did you know that?”
The doorbell rang again and Phillip called out “There’s a chauffeur outside!” from the foyer.
“Please, please kiss me again,” Sherlock says.
“You want to, huh?”
“What do you want?” John asks. He’s still half asleep. He sips his tea and doesn’t break eye contact.
They both break out laughing. It comes easily, and John starts to breathe.
John sighed, and made his way towards the back door. He closed the door, eyed his favourite tree and walked towards it with purpose. He put a small hand onto the bark, and then jumped up to grab a hold of a branch. He had scaled this tree many times, mostly alone. Harry staying indoors was nothing new or unpleasantbothersome[K3] . John liked to be alone anyway.
“Okay, doctor,” John replies, and they smile at each other for what must be the first time in ages.
“What the hell are you doing?” John asks, but mostly sighs as he waves smoke away from his eyes, and coughs.
It’s hateful.
“Doctor Watson, you were in war. You’re suggesting we shouldn’t hop over this fence?”
“You’re fucking running from me.  And from yourself, you bastard.”
“I seem to recall toast this morning,” Sherlock replies, not bothering to glance up from his microscope.
“I actually really don’t know.”
Finally, he leaves, and Sherlock drops his façade of calmness and the look of horror on his face really does surprise John, at least a bit.  He cares for him, possibly more than he had thought.  Hope swells over just about everything.
__________
They leave the chair and John kisses Sherlock all the way to the bedroom.
“Because we’ve always been so good at that,” John says, then lets a little chuckle escape as he shakes his head.
“Yes.”
“She is. It’ll be a year in two months. I’m really damn proud of her actually.”
“I think I know what you were going to say on the tarmac.  You started, and then you stopped,” John says.  He is looking down into his glass but then he meets Sherlock’s eyes and for the first time in a long time doesn’t look away.  They are both sat in their chairs and neither says anything for a few moments.
“I was clumsy,” she says.  He takes the burned hand in his own.
“I know I should come round more,” John says carefully, weighing.
He doesn’t say anything else.  John nods.  John doesn’t move.  Their knees touch for awhile.
“Do you know where your father is?” His mother had asked him, tight lipped, voice neutral, all the while knuckles white against the granite.
__________
“Are you smoking?”
Sherlock should not have to take care of him this way.  He is hurt himself.  They’ve both been torn apart by her.
“You know what.  But you aren’t going to say it.  It’s okay though.  Like, I know you’re not going to introduce me to your parents or anything or…even say you’re my boyfriend, I know.  But I do sort of wish you’d just say it.”
The next might be the list of ways Sherlock hopes to die, and often fantasizes about these scenarios.  In every single one, John is there.  Sometimes, John kills him.
John attempts the cross word, doesn’t look at the news in the papers though.  There were still things about Sherlock in them, lies about him.  It made him angry but mostly very disgusted, to know that there were people out there, saying things about him, as if they knew him.  Sherlock had asked him, several times, why John cared what people said about him.
He is losing a lot of blood.  He rips his shirt up and uses it as a makeshift bandage until he makes it back to his room.  It had taken two weeks to track this one down.  He’d been harder to find because he’d nearly erased his entire identity.
“Yes, John?” his father had asked.
Yet here she was in the middle of the home John had made with Sherlock, with nothing on but a shirt that didn’t belong to her.
“John, where are you going?” Sherlock asks.  John turns.  Sherlock is pale, his face crinkled with worry.
“For a genius, that’s pretty stupid.”
for more ~soft johnlock~ follow me at loubloomsgirlfriend.tumblr.com
“What?” John asks.  It’s the first time his hand has stopped.
John’s heart is beating so quickly it hurts.  It’s beating faster than when he’s entered a war zone, bullets whizzing past.  It’s beating faster than the night at the pool; this is much more important than death.  He feels nauseous, but he pushes past it, breathes deeply.
Sod that.
A man tries to stop him, but John easily gets past him and heads upstairs.
Finally Sherlock comes in and makes him stand up.
“Nothing, I just…didn’t know where you were.”
Sherlock never let himself slip up again.
He gets up, he stretches. His bones creak.
“I’m off to bed,” John says.  “You can come up if you like.”
It’s been awkward between them sometimes.  There is something too heavy and tone deaf hiding in the spaces between them.
“Are you all right?” John asks.
“Was that recently?” Sherlock asks.  John knows what he’s really asking is if he’s had a drink.
Sherlock puts a hand against John's face and kisses him.
“I spoke with him today,” Mycroft says.  Sherlock feels as though the floor has fallen out from under him.
“John?” Molly says softly.  There is no way to ignore her really, and so he gives up and looks her in the eye.  She smiles at him, seeming so intensely happy to see him and he can’t imagine why.
It’s always shocking, it’s never not shocking.  Sherlock isn’t sure what he has to do.  Put more product in his hair despite the fact that there’s already so much it’s nearly gotten to using one third of the bottle every day?  Make more wild hand gestures?  Wear…ugly clothing?
“That thing that I was going to do tonight, I’m not anymore. I canceled, said I had to spend the evening answering questions about the upcoming trial with John Watson from the Yard.”
John sits back down beside Sherlock on the sofa, lets himself sit just a bit closer than he had before.
John is definitely in danger.
Sherlock is sitting in his chair, plucking at his violin.  John can tell that he’s bored, which is ridiculous because how can Sherlock be bored when John is on the verge of collapsing in front of him?
The easiest perhaps would be to confess to John that his entire mind palace has been rebuilt upon a foundation of him, and top to bottom is filled with different subtleties about John.
John puts his palm to the wall for balance, then pushes himself up and climbs the stairs after Sherlock.
“What I’ve done to you?  Take responsibility for your actions!  What have
John nods, not trusting his voice just yet.  Then, he sees his opportunity.
Maybe it’s because they are afraid of what one might do without the other there to watch over him.  They are both so broken it seems like there is a lot of room for error.
“Why?” Greg asked
“He’s working on it.” Anthea said.
Sherlock nodded. “Very true, but Brodie is very good at what he does and having someone like him on call is very helpful to me… us.”
Anthea was sitting on her own stretcher the morphine was already coursing through her veins taking away the aches and pains she had been feeling.
=-=-=-=
"For what?"
“You shouldn’t be moving or lifting all this if you are injured.” Mycroft said in an almost scolding tone.
The man held up a police warrant card and badge. "Detective Sargent Greg Lestrade."
Lestrade stood outside the hospital. Having Sherlock Holmes and his friends on his side was either going to be an excellent thing or a horrible thing in his future? He guessed he’d have to wait to find out.
“You shouldn’t be carrying this yourself, Willa, exertion is not good in the early stages.” Sherlock smiled as he stood the cello up.
“Well you aren’t the dumbest person in the building but you are the dumbest in the family” Eurus stated.
“It’s awful quiet” Mrs. Hudson spoke up as John dug though the kitchen cupboards for anything he could use in helping to deliver his own child.
“You ok Myc?” He asked.
“I am sorry Greg, I would but with everything happening with the fallout from Moran’s attack, from stuff we’ve dug up on Moriarty” Mycroft started
Eurus Holmes had no emotional responses, she would observe but she would not respond in any perceivable emotional way. Just with question, asking them about their thoughts and emotions. Like she was trying to understand feelings and emotions and how they affected people thought process.
John knelt to check on Sherlock again. He was still unconscious. He moved to the mantle again and reached into the small crevice between books. It was empty, Sherlock’s gun was gone. That is where he had last placed it, before they left for Christmas. It was John’s gun they had at Appledore, John’s gun which now set in a lock up somewhere in an office of the government.
Sherlock hung his coat up and went to sit in his chair. John sat in his own as Mary, Lestrade and Mycroft found seats.
"To arrest Victor. I, I had a moment of clarity when he was over today. I was sober as I need to be sober for tonight. He pushed and I pushed back. It escalated from there and this happened. I ran but I knew if I didn't get Mycroft involved I would just run back to him later." Sherlock said as they covered his bruises and started to dress him.
“Nothing you can test it if you want before you give it to her. I just want to know that you will keep having to lie to everyone about me. Your dirty little secret.” Eurus gave a laugh as she put it in the chamber and rotated it towards Mycroft. “My birthday wish is that I get to keep giving you gifts for Rosie, I get to torment you by making you lie to those you love. You thought you could keep me hidden Mycroft. You can’t. I will always be there at the back of your mind in the shadow of your heart. The one you couldn’t save. The one you keep hidden, the one you use.”
“God, complex wanted to make life…” Sherlock closed his eyes tight “Anthropic rock or man-made rock!”
Mycroft took the tray from her and placed it on the table as Rosie crawled over to over to Sherlock. She tugged on his pants. He stopped and looked down at the little one.
John nodded as Sherlock carefully turned in his seat so he could out the car window. He was silent as he watched the buildings go by.
Then his brain jolted him awake. It knew there was something not right. His brain was buzzing but his body was reluctant to move. His eyes opened to an almost darkness, He squinted and blinked to allow his eyes to adjust to the dimly lit room. There were a bank of large screen TVs in front of him their static filled screens were providing most of the light and the white noise was the only sound in the room, save for his own breathing and the breathing of others.
He sold the villas in Georgia and the Dominican Republic, as well as the flats in New York, Paris, St. Petersburg, and Glasgow. He kept the flat in London and Jim’s family home in Bawnboy, Ireland. He couldn’t get rid of those, they meant too much to him.
“I’m not talking about your leg,” John said
“In a way you do.” Mycroft said. “As I said in every move you make case you take. She was jealous. As Willa got better, came home and grew up Eurus became jealous. Redbeard would not play with her. But loved Willa, and Sherlock. Sherlock took it upon himself to teach Willa well everything. How to eat, dress herself, even brush her teeth. So Eurus seized her opportunity and Willa was left unsupervised and was able to bypass the child gate. You tried to tell her stop but Eurus gave her a shove. And down she went. Mum witnessed the whole thing. She watched and Redbeard stood over Willa protecting her and as Eurus stood at the top of the stairs grinning.”
Mycroft stepped out of the car and headed towards them, his face looking even more off put then normal. John peeked in and looked at the small television in the car. A very familiar face was on it, with a simple repeating message of. Did you Miss me? Miss me?
“You killed him!” John yelled drawing an unnoticed wince from Sherlock.
=-=-=-=-=-
“I’m going to go see if the stairs are clear. I’ll be back.” He said before standing, it wasn’t as easy this time, there was a pull in his knee and his hip twinged.
“Anthea can inform him of her status, I’m sure the Detective Sargent has some paperwork to fill out before heading home to his family,” Mycroft said texting his PA.
“So would dinner at 7 be alright” Brodie smiled locking eyes with Molly
“You asked my real name” Mary said near breathless “Rosamund, Rosamund Mary Morstan, that’s the full of it. Our daughter” She weakly said trying to sit “Call her Rosamund Mary, Rosie”
“Sixteen by six, brother. And under we go” Sherlock finished.
“So just general suffering?” Anthea asked
“I guess I was at some fault” Mycroft answered as he shuffled around some papers
“We’re on our way.” John said as Sherlock took the now waking Rosie down to Mrs. Hudson’s so that John could get dressed.
“That’s Sherlock, our little ray of Sunshine” Mycroft said giving a curt smile. Sherlock just again glared.
“Oh dear is the DCI sick?” Eurus asked in her monotone way.
“Thank you”
John put the phone in his trouser pocket and studied the staircase in front of him. The bottom stair was gone; the one above it was only partially there. The rest were in various states of damage. John grabbed the railing that seemed to be mostly intact and pulled himself up onto the third step. He swayed as pain shot through his head, stomach and his shoulder.
=-=-=-
“I, I actually have been sitting here a little while, the one on one with Diane was short, I just needed a little time to stop and watch the world go by” John said pointing to the street and all the cars driving by “All these people just driving so calm. Like the events of January are forgotten, people forget that this street was one of the ones blocked, but you would never know that now. They blocked it to keep people from turning onto Alsop.” John reached out and held Sherlock’s hand “everyone in that group lost someone in the attacks.”
“Myc?” Sherlock asked
“Dimmock said the victims were known drug users and dealers. But they are not the main distribution; he’s looking to see where they get it from” Sherlock said as John nodded. “The blood is fascinating. The luminol was starting to cause some clotting but not enough to be detrimental to their health. That and it looks like it was injected close to their death.”
=-=-=
John took the phone and sat again, he put the phone next to his cup before picking it up to take a sip of the tea. He watched it waiting for it to moan.
"He's ah, helped with some cases," Lestrade said
There were cries of pain and shouts of no.
“Now where were we?” he smiled as he went back to it.
“It was your idea for Moriarty to stand trial and not disappear like you could have made him do. It was your idea to continue to game, to have Sherlock fake his death and try to dismantle the network.” Greg said standing in front of the desk. “If you are not going to place all the blame on those two evil whack jobs Moran and Moriarty, then you have to take some of the blame on yourself as well.”
“I want pictures.” Eurus replied. “Pictures of my little niece.”
“Rosie has been a busy little artist today.” John said
Sherlock stood in front of the screen watching Irene. She was still bleeding heavily. Victor no doubt had given her something to prevent coagulation, a fast bleed; even if it had been a shot to the head it would bleed out more upping the gore.
She was dating Ashton and the two of them were going to get another violinist and viola player to play at Greg and Mycroft’s ceremony. Mycroft said Willa would be composing a piece for them.
Willa winced as the dresser cinched the corset tighter.
"Yeah," Sherlock said trying to stay the tremble in his hands. He was upset and that made the hunger grow. He wanted a fix, but it was too early, after, after the show, he knew who else to call to bring him a treat.
“I think I may want to try some of that Mango Tango if they still has some left” John smiled
-=-=-=
“Are you sure you are ready for this?” She asked
Christmas Mycroft was headed up to his parents with John and Mary and Sherlock. Greg had been invited as a sort of peace offering but he had to work. That night Greg got a call Sherlock had shot a man in the head kill him and was now going to be exiled. Mycroft told Greg the truth he had to push him away Magnuson had threatened Greg’s life. If Mycroft didn’t get Sherlock to back off Magnuson would have killed Greg.
Sherlock was across from Greg, his neck in a rigid brace. They had performed a cervical fusion to repair the broken vertebra in his neck. Normally they would use a halo brace on top of the fusion but with Sherlock also sustaining a broken shoulder blade, broken ribs, and a concussion the halo would do more damage than good. Instead a cervical brace was used.
“To Greg” The crowed echoed as they drank.
=-=-=-=-=
“I rather fancied a bubble bath” Mycroft slyly smiled
"Hi, John." The other man said as John entered the sitting area
Molly just nodded.
Elizabeth was turning 16 soon, Andrew would be 12 in August. From the day they were born Margaret never seemed interested in them. It was a hard thing for Greg to witness as he had grown up in such a loving home. His mother and father were always available. He’d lost them young though, his father was killed in the line of duty (he was a police officer) when Greg was 10. He’d lost his mother to cancer when he was 17. She was his best support. She put up with him in his rebellious years and just made sure he kept his marks up.
He could hear the bedroom door open, Rosie fussing, Mrs. Hudson yelling, he heard the gunshot the scream and the thud, then it was quiet, save for a far off siren and a helicopter in the distance.
The meeting continued with the others talking about their own progression. Joey finally donated all his father’s clothes and cleaned out his father’s flat. Patricia had started talking to her sister again. And Karen, Karen was starting to go out more. Not just for doctors or therapy but to go for walks in the park, she went and saw a movie. She went to her husband and son’s graves. She said that was the biggest step for her. She hadn’t been back since the funeral and she wasn’t sure if she would ever return.
=-=-=-=
“Yes” Was the short answer form Sherlock.
Hope you like it
Sherlock jolted awake as the crash echoed in the quiet flat. He looked to his left only to see the spot where John slept empty. Sherlock hurried out of bed and out into the living area.
Andrew giggled and tried to copy Greg.
The shock to Mrs. Hudson had been when they were told that John had a fractured skull. She asked how he could have been moving around and doing everything he had been.
“The Chocolate Extravaganza!?” Mycroft asked eyes lighting up.
“Whose life is worth more to you, the woman whom holds a special place in your brother’s heart, or your lover?” Victor said before making a ticking noise with his tongue.
“Eurus understood right and wrong but she just didn’t care. She wasn’t sociopath, she is clinically a psychopath. Mum and Dad tried to help her, but she was beyond help, at least what a family could provide. She had you convinced that Willa was dead and that is why she wasn’t home anymore. Children after all were not allowed in ICU wards. It all came to a head when she took Redbeard and hid him away. She wanted you to find him. She had this song she made up she would sing it constantly. “ Mycroft paused then sang “I that am lost. Oh, who will find me. Deep down below. The old beech tree? Help succour me now. The East Wind’s blowing”
The walls were charred and even after all these years the smell of burnt fibers hung in the air, now mixed with the smell of dampness and decay. The upstairs was worse than the downstairs; the fire was of course started in her bedroom. Most of the accelerant she made sure to coat the wall between her and Sherlock’s bedroom. Sherlock unfortunately wasn’t in his room. He was curled up in the living room with Mummy.
He carefully steadied himself in front of the door, bent his knees and gave a small hop while holding onto the sides of the elevator door. He successfully pulled himself onto the 5
Dear sweet Mycroft thinking he had avoided her manipulations, but really his were not as drastic as others. All her gifts he had been reluctant to giver her at first, so a subtle nod, mirroring his body language and an adjustment in the tone of her voice and he would give her anything she wanted, including her visit with Moriarty.
The door opened, Greg and Mycroft entered to cheers.
The men woke with a start; their cell phones were ringing and vibrating across the kitchen table. John staggered in and picked up the nearest one.
“Well then we must enjoy the feast so that we both can maintain for as long as possible” Mycroft replied as he turned his head and bit down on Greg’s lower lip.
“Oh dear,” Victor laughed “looks like you can’t agree. Shall we give them another chance Eurus?”
“Leave it to you to get those guys back in one room again.” He said as Mycroft smiled.
“Do give my love to Gregory” Eurus called after him as the doors closed.
“Hey, we got survivors here!” Greg called. Carefully pulling himself closer to the elevator. “Someone is coming Sally. We’re getting out of here”
“And he had them fooled. He was smarter than them, a genius” Karen remarked “I read about it after the suicide off St. Bart’s.”
“Please welcome for the first time together” Dimmock, their MC, said from the reception room.
“Well there were explosion at the Met, and Baker Street as well as one on Carlton House Terrace.” Mike replied.
“We’re not naming our daughter after you.”
It’s been exactly a year. For some reason, John thinks that means something is going to happen. Mrs. Hudson makes John tea and toast with his favorite apricot jam and leaves it out without saying a word. She tiptoes around him. She knows what day it is, and is being kind. John smiles at how sweet she is, and then heads to the shower.
“That’s really not possible,” John said. “The man works very high up in the government. I’m pretty sure he could shut down half of Europe with the snap of his fingers if he wanted. How and why do you have his number?”
Sherlock knows that Stamford is being kind, but he still inwardly grimaces at the idea of someone else in his space, judging, making awful human sounds, annoying him and taking up air.  Downright disgusting.  It takes a superhuman amount of strength for Sherlock to not stick his tongue out and retch in the elevator.
John moved closer to him. It was hard for them both to express emotions, and this was as good as it gets. "I made a mistake, Sherlock. I never should have left you. I just thought I'd make it worse. But look at you...."
"...I know. I know. It's hard-"  Sherlock's voice cracked and John immediately wrapped an arm around him.
"Sherlock. I'm your friend, okay? I forgive you-"
John frowned and approached Sherlock, kneeling beside him.
Sherlock staggered up, outraged. He swung a fist at the man, who quickly dodged and threw a punch back. The fist hit Sherlock straight in the eye. It stung sharp and he could feel the heat around it, swelling up, ugly.
But he came back.
"It's okay. I promise."
"Let me look at your back, please."
Sherlock's heart snapped in two. It was a painful reminder he even had a heart. He didn't deserve John after what he had done, he definitely didn't deserve his help. Sherlock trusted and admired John with every cell in his body, and while his heart trusted and believed John had forgiven him, his mind did not. He couldn't trust himself.
Sherlock frowned, and panic rose in his chest. Is that all he was? A patient? After everything that happened...It hurt him, more than the pain in his head or back. Frustration built up in his chest, anger at himself. Why did he feel so hurt, when he had decided he wasn't good enough for John? This cycle of conflicting feelings had raged and fought within him since he had returned, and it didn't look like it was going to stop any time soon.
"I've had enough of you. Night after night. Get the fuck out." The man yelled, grabbing Sherlock by the throat. It hurt, but Sherlock was glad it was something. Sherlock wanted to feel more. He threw another punch, directly into the man's nose which gave a satisfying crack as he screeched in a horrible pain. "Fuck you!"
When Sherlock arrived home, three days later, he was weak and injured.
He could have died right there. It was magical. It was stronger than any drug, more powerful and more euphoric than any drug.
John.
"I know this will take time but you've got to let me help you."
"Sherlock, I know when you're lying to me. I'll get you some painkillers, just stay there."
When Sherlock sat down opposite him, John immediately threw all of his attention on him.
Over the next few days, John hardly slept himself. Mrs Hudson inquired, sighed, sobbed and eventually cried with happiness as Sherlock began to show signs of his old self. Even Lestrade, on visiting refrained from making jokes, and instead looked pained at the sight of the broken man who occasionally stirred for food or drink. Yet John was encouraged with every day that passed, and by the start of the next week this hope was justified. Sherlock emerged from his room one morning, shaved and clean and groomed and most of all, smiling.
Sherlock hesitated but nodded. John turned it off immediately and retrieved a candle from the kitchen.
The hand tore the syringe from his grip.
"So what? Neither's smoking." He pulled a cigarette out of his sleeve. "Do you have a lighter? Oh, that's right...you don't smoke."
Sherlock obliged, exhausted. He ran a hand through his hair, greasy and dirty. He would have felt dirty. But John was there, John with his love and emotion and he felt clean. He was going to be clean again. When Sherlock looked as if he were about to pass out from exhaustion, John helped him into his bedroom and into his bed. His eyes were sad but his mind was ready for action should Sherlock need any medical attention. Sherlock slept immediately.
"Well, you're home now. We are home now, both of us." John spoke softly, tenderly. He was not angry, how could he be? "Wait a minute, wait."
. Sherlock took a couple of stumbling steps forward before collapsing by his chair. He couldn't believe it. Sherlock reached a hand out to test his faith, to see if it was really happening. John took it, and it was real. Sherlock felt John's arms around him, lifting up as delicately as possible and placed him in his chair which he immediately fell back into.
"Not a problem. Is the light hurting your head worse?"
"It's fine." Sherlock turned his face away, so he wasn't staring at John's face. The light made his head spin.
"I don't want to take them."
Everything always came back to John. It was as if it were a law of the universe, just like physics, it was incomprehensible but very real all the same. Sherlock and John, quite literally, was meant to be. They were a force which nothing could tear apart, not even themselves. This comforted Sherlock slightly.
John was astonished. He felt privileged to be hearing these words, so much so he was speechless.
Sherlock groaned in frustration. "Give it to me."
John gave a sad smile. There was no pity, just pain and hope.
That conversation had taken place a week ago, but to Sherlock it had felt like a lifetime. He sat back in his chair with his read rolled back and eyes closed. To the world, he was as good as dead. Nothing would reach him, not the temptation from Lestrade nor the wafting smell of tea Mrs Hudson clearly used as bait to try and pull him out of...whatever this was. He thought back on that last conversation with John and instantly his breath hitched. He leaped up from his chair with his heart hammering in his chest. It was all too much. It was
"I need to help, no matter what you think of yourself. Okay?" John took a serious tone he reserved for uncooperative patients.
"Sherlock, for God's sake. You cannot go on a case. Not in this state."
He shouted out in defeat. He balled his hands into a fist and released them repeatedly before picking at his lips deep in thought. From an outsider's perspective, he was clearly a madman. Quick, frenzied movements with no pattern or real clear reason for these behaviours were visible to anybody how happened to pop in on him. Mrs Hudson was increasingly worried about the detective.
Sherlock gave the slightest nod of his head. However, John had notices the strange twist of expression - for a moment, Sherlock breathed heavy, and the pain in his eyes sent a dagger straight to his own heart. Was he having some sort of flashback? John's stomach plummeted.
, did he ever think that John Watson would react like this. Sherlock had been stupid.
"It's for your own good, believe me." John Watson left Baker Street. That was a lie, how could it be for his own good? Poor John. Poor, perfect John. The weight of Sherlock's return had been too much for him - Sherlock could see the seething hatred in his eyes. It stung the centre of his heart. John Watson had seen the state Sherlock was in and had decided to leave. Why? Sherlock wasn't entirely sure.
Battle of Sherrinford
Mycroft softly snored causing Greg to smile. He loved that soft little snore. It was practically adorable.
John had been hesitant at first he hadn’t been fully naked in front of Sherlock before, yes they shared a bed but John was always in his pyjamas. But Sherlock was gentle, this was about getting John clean and settled and ready for bed.
=-=-=-=-=
Sherlock pulled John in tight. He knew John was still hurting emotionally from everything that happened in Moran’s attack. But he didn’t know it was this bad. John was the strong one. John was the one who could handle the pressure. John didn’t get damaged by the war it wasn’t PTSD he missed the action the danger.
“When I was five years old I had a dog, a beautiful red Irish Setter. I called him Redbeard. He was the first mate to my Pirate Captain Yellow Beard. We had many adventures together. He was my best friend. He am my little sister, Wilhelmina, we called her Willa. She was two years younger than me. Redbeard was used to playing with me, he wasn’t use to playing with Willa. He didn’t understand that her smaller stature meant that she couldn’t play the same way he and I played. He didn’t mean to hurt her. He was just excited to greet her after he nap. She fell down the stairs. Hit her head on the way down. She was dead before my mother found her, Redbeard sitting beside her. Redbeard had to go. The city deemed him a dangerous dog. So in one week I lost my precious little sister and I lost my best friend.” Sherlock stopped and sipped his tea more.
“I really don’t care right now.” Sherlock said removing the pink phone from his pocket. He dialed. And put it on speaker phone.
The man who fully betrayed Sherlock, the man who broke him more than anyone else had ever done was back and this was not good for anyone.
“You are the greatest criminal mind in the world, and you’re going to be reducing yourself to this?” Irene said standing and walking over to Jim “This is not the Jim I met, not the man who put fear into me and into Sherlock Holmes.”
Mrs. and Mr. Holmes were so sweet and caring, and very nurturing. Molly almost giggled at how both must have the patience of a saint to handle Mycroft and Sherlock as they grew. And she didn’t even know their names. Everyone just called them Mum or Dad, even Anthea. It was just that parental instinct and quality. Molly was sure she had heard Mrs. Hudson call them Beth and Thomas but she wasn’t entirely too sure. Even when she tried calling them Mr. and Mrs. Holmes Molly had been corrected that Mum and Dad were just fine to use.
John looked down the hall at the bedroom. This could be a trick. Someone from Moriarty’s network could have somehow got the phone from Irene either before or after her execution. It would be the perfect addition to the network, black mail on some of the British elite.
Mycroft looked to the door as a woman entered and made her way over to his bed.
“Maybe Monty is doing this?” John suggested.
And he was bored.
Recovery took almost a year with Greg being on crutches for half of that his knee completely rebuilt including a graph done on one of the ligaments and muscles. Margaret stayed with him, looking back she probably thought he would coach or do endorsements or run clinics for skills and young players. Greg took another path however, always in the back of his mind he wanted to be a police officer to help people like the one that helped him and his mom when he was younger so he looked in to if he could physically do it. He applied, he tried and was accepted, He could run he could jump if needed, but it would get stiff at night, nothing he couldn’t handle.
His smiled fell as another man exited the house.
“I know Mycroft’s health and injury history I knew where I could injure him and not affect him too much. I do not know anything about Willa except what you have told me.” Sherlock explained.
Greg smiled. He hugged Carol and headed to the bedroom she was letting him use. He felt numb like he should be furious or sad, but he wasn’t, he was just, okay, he actually felt better than he had in months. What he told Carol was the truth, He felt like a giant weight had been lifted off of him.  He just hoped the kids would be alright. He didn’t want them to hate their mother, but how mad would they be? Or should he even tell them?
“Garbage trucks!” Mycroft said pulling away from the window as a low rumble started. “Everyone to the shelter” He called as the whistle started. They were barely out of the office when the windows came shattering in.
“Hello Sebastian, is it all done yet?” The voice asked
“Detective Sargent Lestrade.” She said he stood. “I’m Anthea, assistant to Willa Holmes’s elder brother Mycroft. He would like you to know that despite the severity of their injuries Willa and Sherlock will recover. It may just take time.” She started before going into specifics.
Sherlock mumbled, as the low hum of a helicopter filled the air.
“Where are the others?” Irene asked, the phone beeped
“Looks good no damage to the bone.” Riley gave a small smile. Sholto just nodded.
John smiled and went back to the file. Sherlock’s phone beeped.
“In a minute the hatch will open. Sherlock, Mycroft I want you to pick someone from this lovely group to retrieve what is in the hatch” Eurus said.
“You know I can’t wait till tonight. That little inn, the honeymoon suite, all my strength and stamina back” Greg nipped at Mycroft’s neck.
“We could shift the stairs to the other side putting Rosie’s room closer to yours and use the extra space to create a waiting room, for your consulting detective cases, if you are still going to continue those” Mycroft inquired.
“You aren’t going to light that are you?” John asked as he approached.
She reached up into Sherlock’s bedside table looking for anything she could use to defend her and the little one in her arms.
“In the next bed” Daddy said, as Anthea went to get water.
Jim could dress down if the occasion called for it, but even in jeans and a polo shirt he could be the best dressed person in the room.
“I’m not sure.” Anthea asked looking down at Greg.
“First we need to pick out wedding invitations and send those out” Greg added
“It’s ok John, you are in the hospital” Mummy Holmes said taking his hand in hers. John groaned eyes twitched wanting to open. “It’s ok John, You don’t have to force yourself if your body isn’t ready.”
“We’ll call Anthea then and she’ll get Greg and Mycroft back here.” John started.
“Wakehurst Place mansion was built by Sir Edward Culpeper in 1590. It originally formed a complete court-yard prior to being altered various times, and currently has an E-shaped plan. Wakehurst was bought in 1694 by Dennis Lyddell, comptroller of the Royal Navy treasurer’s accounts and briefly MP for Harwich. His son Richard Liddell, Chief Secretary for Ireland and MP for Bossiney, was obliged by financial pressure to pass the estate to his younger brother Charles. The house rated an illustration in Joseph Nash, The Mansions of England in the Olden Time” Flora the event’s coordinator said as the made their way into the building. “The gardens were largely created by Gerald Loder (later Lord Wakehurst) who purchased the estate in 1903 and spent 33 years developing the gardens. He was succeeded by Sir Henry Price, under whose care the Loder plantings matured, Sir Henry left Wakehurst to the nation in 1963 and the Royal Botanic Gardens took up a lease from the National Trust in 1965.”
Greg learned to bake from his mum and grandmother. They said it was a skill all men should have, no better way to woo a lover then with a fresh baked treat.
The man gave him a quizzical look, Sherlock was used to getting those when he read people. Deductions he called them, learning about people and their lives through simple observations, the way they dress, talk, walk. He'd done it from an early age.
“Moran and Moriarty,” Sholto said before explaining.
“Ah” Sherlock gave a small understanding smile.
“NO!” The men screamed as the dog overtook Henry and started biting him.
"Victor will be there in London when we get there," Brody replied. He didn't like Victor. He didn't like the way he treated Sherlock or even Willa. And he was pretty sure it was Victor that had been supplying the twins with drugs.
“We asked Mrs. Hudson to take her for the day. It’s her nap time and, the day is still young.” John said slowly moving away from Sherlock and standing. He took Sherlock’s hand and pulled him to a standing position. “I have an idea for how we can spend the rest of the day”
“SHE HAS A PHOTO OF MY DAUGHTER!!” John angrily exclaimed.
“I love you too, my honeybee.” Sherlock said kissing her forehead “I am going to miss you so much”
Patrick lost his partner of 36 years, Mindy her brother, Josie and Joey their fathers, a lot were at the MET, Police constables and support personnel, some were at St. Bart’s, some on the street by the Diogenes, and Karen. Karen lost her son and husband in Speedy’s sandwich shop.
John closed his eyes he knew he was sick, he knew he needed help, he sought help, but still he would sit down to eat and then just stare at the food, even if he put it in his mouth he couldn’t swallow it, and half the time when he did eat it would just come back up later anyways.
“I’m sorry John.” Sherlock whispered “This wasn’t my intent. I will stop if you wish.”
~really Eurus you thought using a three digit combination pad lock was challenging. Only 1000 possibilities. Was easy enough once I settled my mind.~
Mycroft didn’t even bother to notice it had been installed. It was nice little view for her of everything that was going on in the fortress known as Sherrinford. Mycroft boarded the helicopter and headed back to London. Eurus wondered what story Mycroft would give Greg about this one. Mycroft had grown up keeping secrets from everyone that it got to a point that he couldn’t tell truths to others. He didn’t know how. Grow up a liar remain a liar. Once you started hiding the demons the more dangerous they become.
“Get out of the flat and get as far away from Baker Street as you can, do not go to MET or the Diogenes club in fact if Mycroft or Lestrade are at either of those location tell them to leave and tell Molly to leave St Bart’s.”
Mycroft and Greg nodded as they admired the front hall.
“Oh sorry.” The voice replied
Sherlock just closed his eyes, if he could have nodded he would have.
Mycroft was in the next bed, after they left for Musgrave the guards had beaten him up, He was still under observation for the concussion he received. Anthea sat between Mycroft and Greg; she had been roughed up too but not as badly.
Sherlock made his way up the steps to his flat. Brody was behind with the luggage. Not that any of the clothes in the bags were Sherlock's. Many designers gifted him clothes at the end of shows, but they were not his regular everyday wear.
Sherlock had decided that he needed to learn how to cook, not just heat up food, but make proper meals. To be a proper partner and parent and Molly had offered to teach him.
Greg groaned as he rolled onto his back, he had passed out after pulling himself out of the elevator, he’d hit the floor hard his head that had only had a slight throbbing pain was now pounding. He tried to get up but his leg was not cooperating. His hip refused to move and pain radiated though him when he tried to bend his knee.
Jim Moriarty sat at the desk looking out the window, the bright blue waters of the νοτιο στενο κερκυρας (notio steno kerkyras) the small gap in the Ionian Sea that separated Corfu from mainland Greece.
Sebastian thought he was prepared for that, he wasn’t. Truth was he did, and he always would.
There were voices but Willa's ears were ringing from the music and the gunfire.
“But he erased me!” Eurus interjected.
“Ah, nothing, not my station,” Lestrade replied. “Actually I’m going to have a lot more murders and such on my plate soon.”
“I can talk now” John said. He looked down at his hands and took a deep breath before starting to talk. He didn’t tell them details like that Mary was an assassin or who Sherlock was. In fact he didn’t use names at all. He didn’t give exact details about why they were in the explosions, just that they were near there.
Sherlock pushed himself to his feet and ran towards John. The doctor was not moving
“Wrong answer!” Sebastian said pulling the trigger. There was no sound from Sally Donovan as the bullet entered her head just above her eye.
"It's ok," Sherlock said sitting. "I'm not a predator; I'm not going to force you to do something you are uncomfortable with. Get dressed." Sherlock said buttoning up his shirt. He opened the bedroom door to see Willa leading the other man to the seating area of the plane.
“I’m going to head into the office see if Moriarty has started any of his usual tricks” Lestrade said heading out.
“No.” John replied “I want you to continue, I, I want this.”
John weakly smiled “People will talk”
“In a room, in a burnt out room, I, I think this is my old house, from when I was little. I’m handcuffed to a chair” Willa answered “Where are you Doctor Watson?”
As the entered the hospital, John looked back at the Red area.
Mummy cried that night, and hugged Eurus, and she didn’t like it. Hugs always felt weird and uncomfortable.
“What did you do to it?” Mycroft asked
“There’s still something more.” Greg said taking Mycroft’s hand.
“What I have to do. Before things get worse I need to do this” Jim said starring down at his feet
“Photos of what?” John asked.
The men watched as she went off frame, stuff could be heard moving. Then Molly reappeared, bag over arm. She grabbed her keys and left.
John and Greg bit their tongues wanting to voice their displeasure but not wanting to feel the voltage of their collars.
He was taken aback by the lavishness of the place. The suite was larger than his flat and childhood home combined. In fact he was sure that this suite was larger than the entire barracks block back in Afghanistan.
“The Kobayashi Maru was designed as a no win scenario to test and develop character” Mycroft spoke up.
“I don’t wanna be outside in the dark alone.” Elijah said with a sniffle.
“And you will be there every step, helping.” Mummy said gently kissing his forehead.
“Yeah, but a bit fancier” Greg said blushing “It’s our cake, the first cake I ever made you”
Had a comment that since disappeared, but.
Mindy stood in the doorway.
They weren’t doctors, or firemen, they had guns but weren’t any sort of police Molly had ever seen.
“I don’t” the doctor started
Greg did sign a contract with Bournemouth not his favorite team oh well but it would have been a professional career. He and Margaret celebrated and then came his final game with The Rangers after the end of the season he would move up to his dream, but that game ended up being the last ever game of a football career. They were playing the Wolverhampton Wanderers who were not happy to be losing four to zero Greg never even saw the other guy coming the guy aimed straight for Greg’s legs. Greg’s right leg was just slightly in front of his left as he’d planted it getting ready to kick. The guy’s shoulder hit Greg was grateful he never saw the angle his knee took teammates said it was sickening but he certainly heard and felt the Crunch and snap as the muscles tore and bone broke.
“But if he was desperate.” Dimmock added
“Victor darling, we have a change of plans, once Doctor Watson is done with Greg. You will take John for your little activity instead of Willa. Willa will be taking Doctor Watson’s place in my next test. I want to test Sherlock fully. With the unknown variable of Willa, my predictions may change. Leave Anthea with Greg. If Greg lives we kill him and Anthea later, if he dies, one less bullet needed.”
Sherlock looked over at Willa if he had walked away, would she have still had her career? She loved it. Wasn’t it every little girl's dream to be famous a model or an actress, singer, maybe even all three. He wouldn’t ruin it for her. She was his world really. His first best friend, his only friend. Sure they fought sometimes but what siblings don’t.
“Ok. It looks like he had an attack and it overwhelmed him. We’re going to transport him to hospital and have the doctors make sure ok.” The Paramedic said as the bundled John up on the stretcher. Sherlock just nodded. “Will you and the little one be riding with him?”
Silly brother Mycroft, just leaving her here, only checking up on her when he felt like it, she practically ran this prison now, and long had been plotting against her big brothers. But that could all wait now. They had healing to do. Games aren’t fun if the players are hurt. She’d give them time, let life get back to normal, and then she would make her move.
John stood between Mary and Sherlock his head pounding. The floorboards in the hallway creaked as a shadow moved on what was left of the room in front of John.
Eurus pushed the pillow down tight and moved her hands on top pushing down on Sebastian’s face, his arms twitched slightly the drugs in his system really didn’t allow him the strength to fight back. His feet kicked a little too before his body settled.
John looked up Karen and a few others looked sympathetic, some looked shocked, others mad.
Their visit to Anthea had been revealing. When she further investigated the prison it was revealed that Victor Trevor along with several other criminals had been accidentally released due to a computer glitch. Five criminals Victor, another drug dealer, a thief, a murderer and a rapist had been set free into the world.
“Yes, the youngest, locked up for the crime of being smarter. And perhaps a murder” She smiled the same eldritch smile as before. “Moriarty had such confidence in you. I see it was misplaced.
“in case you haven’t noticed. We’re winning.’ Sholto replied.
“You put him on trial for stealing the crown jewels. He didn’t steal them, he merely wanted to see them up close” Sebastian smiled.
“They are trying to get near it” The other paramedic said as he leaned towards Paul “The girl in the elevator is black tag” he whispered before turning back to Greg. “Once are network started to come back up so did the military’s they’re getting ready to mobilize”
=-=-=-=-
“You are very welcome. You are going to enjoy married life, I know it’s done wonders for me, being with the right person and you are going to be so happy.” Greg replied as Mycroft approached.
“How the hell did two renegade mercenaries end up as part of a private security team on my base!” Hendricks bellowed. “I want the head of that firm on the phone now, and I want all the remaining privet security personnel in my office NOW!”
sorry for the long break and the short update/chapter.
The photos finished with a beautiful shot of Mycroft and Greg walking hand in hand down a flower lined pathway.
“Humans are unpredictable” John faintly mumbled
After cake came a spin on the bouquet and garter toss. Most wedding couples would be horrified to have someone take away from their night. But for Greg and Mycroft the formalities were over they were married and this was just the after party. So why not help someone they care about find happiness.
“Well I’m running out of mastermind criminals for you to have conversations with.” Mycroft said not moving his eyes from her.
“Leave her alone.” Mycroft said
“Oh sorry Elijah Rosie still can’t eat those, she’s still too little.” Sherlock said with a soft smile. Elijah adjusted his hand and offered the berry to Sherlock “Why thank you Elijah”
“Bubb fll” Rosie said then clapped.
“Is your leg alright? Did you need a doctor” Sherlock asked
“It’s not a concoction it’s a real story look it up!” Sherlock snapped as he stood and looked over the mantle.
She just looked up at him with a small smile.
“They shouldn’t, they need to focus on themselves and healing and little Rosie.” Molly replied
“Myc?”
Tabitha left, making sure to close the door behind her.
The full song found on Tumblr cross checked on a few other sites for accuracy.
The government operative moved away from Sebastian and went to the landlady and the baby and started checking them over.
“I don’t remember the funeral. I only remember the time after it, the loneliness. Mycroft was different too. He no longer wanted to play. He started calling himself the smarter one. Constantly put me down. When I would step out of line he would just whisper Redbeard, and soon I just stopped playing with him. Mycroft was the first to go away to boarding school. Left when he was 14. By the time I reached Eaton, Mycroft was in Oxford, and we talked only at Holidays. By the time I reached Cambridge we never talked. He would pop round occasionally, to gloat about his position with the government. Meanwhile I was trying to figure out my place in the world. You know about myself as a child trying to solve the Carl Powers murder. I didn’t know how to use this deduction thing as people called it, without angering people. I didn’t know how to turn it off. Until I met Victor. Victor seemed to be the only person who understood me. That need for action, to solve things, to well to be me. He was the one who first injected me with cocaine. It settled me. I didn’t need the thrill of the chase, the action of the case. Cocaine got my blood pumping and my heart racing in the same way. And all within the comfort of Victors flat. Mum, Dad, and I think even Mycroft thought I would take my chemistry degree to the PHD level. Work in a lab, criminalistics, or teach.” Sherlock chuckled. “Could you imagine me a professor or a teacher”
=-=-=-=
“Thank you again Sherlock” Judy said standing. “Perhaps I will see you and Rosie again here another day”
this is a VERY short chapter, I know but it's so self contained I wanted to leave it as is.
“He works for New Scotland Yard, at the MET” Mycroft said with a proud tone in his voice.
The high that the drugs Victor gave him was like no other. The clarity, the rush, the adrenaline. The only other times Sherlock ever felt like that was when he was sleuthing, as his mother called in. He’d been drawn into it at a young age, and even though he didn’t get the response, he was looking for it still felt good. Like it had on those cases for the Sargent. Running through London looking for more clues. That rush, that rush was better than any chemical high Victor could give him.
“Oh that’s the listed price, but the owner is a friend, well, a friend of Willa’s they went to school together, I’m sure she’d make you a deal,” Sherlock said typing into his phone. “There it’s yours.”
“I’m having a little trouble breathing, but I can feel my arms and legs and wiggle them.” John said before coughing.
There was splashing and gasping heard over the earpiece.
“Ah thank you,” Lestrade replied unsure of why Sherlock was so…nice.. must be the drugs.
Molly looked up as the new lab tech entered.
“No what ifs.” John cut him off “We go forward we deal with whatever it is coming at us and we do it together.”
“Did you need assistance my dear” She heard a familiar voice say but she could not see where it was coming from. “I am just behind the desk”
He looked back over to the well, there were agents loading Eurus into a body bag. It was over, they were safe.
John headed down to the tube platform with a smile on his face. Thoughts of Sherlock two nights ago at a crime scene Rosie in the snuggly cooing and giggling away as Sherlock waltzed around the crime scene making his deductions. Sherlock was of course showing off. There were several new officers moved to the division and there was a new Detective Sargent, a Devon McLaughlin. He just stood and stared in awe as Sherlock showed off. Even Dimmock had to laugh.
“Another nightmare?” Mycroft asked sitting on the arm of the chair. Greg nodded “Would you like me to call your therapist again? I can make you an appointment for the morning”
The guests cheered as they two slowly and reluctantly separated. The Officiant was beaming. He turned to the guests
“It’s not that Myc. And lying about working with the taskforce, lying about who Willa really is, these were not the first lie you have told me. You lied about Sherlock’s death, you lied about why you pushed me away with the whole Magnusson thing. And it really makes me wonder how much you keep from me. I know you can’t tell me everything about your job and that’s fine. I didn’t fall in love with your job I fell in love with you.” Greg paused and took a sip of the lemonade.
“Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanokoniosis” Sherlock and Mycroft answered together.
“Liz, Roo what’s wrong,” Greg asked hurrying over.
Sherlock smiled and leaned down and kissed John.
Sherlock nodded.
“What of the ones who escaped, the ones we’re holding” The man asked
“You know what. I don’t want to hear it.” Greg said shoving the file at Mycroft. “You don’t keep information like this from you future husband.”
“I haven’t told you everything.” Sherlock replied. “You know I was a drug addict, you know I lived on the streets before I met Greg. But like you said that is only the surface.”
Eurus replied curtly as Karen when limp.
John and Sherlock could barely make it through dinner always pausing to kiss when glasses were clanked; Greg and Elijah leading the charge along with Molly, Willa, and Mrs. Hudson.
Sherlock made his way into their bedroom where Rosie napped. She would sleep the night away up in her own room but during the day she refused to nap anywhere besides their bed.
Sherlock looked down at the note cards in his hand then put them down
Sebastian just smiled as he watched the fading sun shine on the naked body making it glow.
“Elijah darling we will be making a small trip soon. John has his final group therapy on Monday. We need to go see Sherlock. John will need Sherlock after that session.” Eurus said as she neared the glass.
“You will accept my daughter as your own?” John asked
It was never entirely quiet at Camp Bastion but this, to happen right inside and be from someone that was supposed to be trusted. He knew things would be harder from now on. Lots of crackdowns on personnel, but this wasn’t a vacation they were on. This implied war, John was coming to learn that Sherman was right. War is Hell, A vast, barren wasteland, desert hell.
“You say you know everything about us, and our friends, but you didn’t know that Molly does not have any family in Newcastle-under-Lyme. It was a code we set up after the whole Moriarty ordeal where he got close to her. Too close for comfort. So we set up a code. An, I’m in distress you’re in danger code, alerts her to leave where she is and seek shelter with someone within Mycroft’s organization. If Mycroft is unreachable they investigate. He has a tracker in him you know, in his leg, his false leg.” Willa read
"DS Lestrade, I've going to accompany her." He replied
She could just make them out in her peripheral vision. She remained eyes fixed on the fire sprinkler that remained on the ceiling above. She wondered why it never triggered, all the others did. Then again, small graces. If it had been going, this playing dead would have been a lot harder with water hitting her face.
=-=-=-=-=
“July 16
“It’s ok John, You’re ok” Mummy Holmes said holding his hand again. John slowly settled again as Mummy started to hum.
“Right” Mycroft replied pulling Greg close. “My problems are your problems.”
“Oh, I’ll remember that you two next time you need my help.” John laughed.
“Hello Sherlock” she said leaning in and kissing his forehead “Do you remember what happened?”
“Carlton House Terrace is under some sort of blockade” The other paramedic said as he hopped up from inside the elevator “Some sort of explosion much like here”
“Coffee will be fine” Greg replied
“I had no choice.” Mycroft said standing, his eye swelling and already bruising.
floor, it was a mess. The whole center of the building was gone. Just a hole that went from ground floor to roof, Greg could see the sky above.
“Greg?” He heard a voice ask with concern.
“I’m sorry I lied” Mycroft interrupted.
He kept up his pre-injury gym routine to the best of his ability, he went and finished his school focusing on more of the lab assistant/lab tech aspect then the actual coroner.
“But” Mycroft started.
“I have a guess as to what he said” John spoke up “He said we’re smarter than you.”
“Everything is going well. John and Sherlock are just enough mentally compromised that they aren’t settled. John feels so guilty for his wife’s death. So guilty about the explosions, it couldn’t have been better if I had planned it.”
“Are you saying I’m not pretty” Mary said weakly but trying to sound cross.
Call him a fool, call him sentimental, but when Jim died, a part of Sebastian died too.
“I’ll be ok, Sherlock.” John weakly replied
The officiant handed the first ring to Mycroft. A simple silver ring with diamonds inlayed, silver to match the engagement ring he’d given Greg which Greg had now moved to his right hand.
“I’d offer to hug you but I think that would be awkward.” Anthea said reaching over and giving John’s hand a squeeze.
“I, I love you too” Sherlock said “From the minute you locked eyes with me in the lab. It was solidified when you shot the cabbie” Sherlock smiled
Willa sat on the edge of the bed trying to gather herself, she wasn’t moving quickly enough for Eurus and soon Willa was jerking and yelping again.
Irene looked at them.
“Will, will he be alright?” Sherlock asked with worry.
John eased himself onto the bed, every muscle ached, twenty-two and a half hours straight of surgery. All base medic personnel was on duty, the doctors fueled by nothing but coffee and quick bites of snacks that the mess tent officers had brought. An encampment of refugees looking to leave Afghanistan were attacked, the encampment was not too far from the base, and so all victims were transported here. There we almost 95 patients that went through their doors even at Camp Bastion the busiest military hospital in Afghanistan it was too much and pushed the doctors to their limits. The victims ranged from newborn to elderly, and it was not just refugees, soldiers and aid workers that had been helping out and private security that had been hired to help as well. Injuries went from DOA to minor burns and cuts. Everyone was triaged and sorted, and just when they thought they were done more would flood in. There was nowhere else they could go, this base was the only one that could take them.
“How could you keep her from me??!!” He said voice rising with his anger.
“Seems odd though” John replied setting down his phone and looking at the case file before him.
Greg tried to get up
Eurus watched as Sherlock retrieved the child from the branch. Well she guessed her could let one live.
“Doing well, they want me to rest so I will rest,” Marisol answered.
The tall blonde leading the group smiled as he neared Greg.
“Sebast, Moran” Greg managed to say.
The movie quote that was made Mycroft's own was from Labyrinth.
The dance was quick as it was not their official first dance, that would come later with a special tune Sherlock composed, Willa and Aston would play along with some friends from the orchestra.
=-=-=-=-
“Oh what?” Sebastian said looking up at John who was now leaning over Mary’s body holding onto the table for support. “That your wife under the linen? Wasn’t she knocked up?”
John stood up that was his stop. Back home to Baker Street. Mycroft’s men had done a wonderful job. The modifications they had suggested were perfect. The stairs were now on the opposite side to where they had been and Rosie’s room while still a floor up was close to Sherlock and John’s room. They also now had a small sitting area just inside their door for clients to wait, the rest of the flat… it looked exactly the same, even had the bullet hole in the wall with the smiley face. There was one difference though. The bison skull did not make the return; neither Sherlock nor John ever wanted to look at anything similar again. Instead Greg had found a wonderful stuffed stag head and neck on a traditional mount. It had been at one of the antique stores he and Mycroft had gone to on a Sunday afternoon. It was mounted between the windows proudly wearing the headphones. Sherlock had named it Bambi; John had just laughed and shook his head.
“No buts, today we focus on ourselves, and then we go after that network. Deal” Greg said
Elijah had been told what happened to his mother. Not the full truth but that she was dead. It had taken a while for him to fully understand what that meant. Then the topic of who would become Elijah’s guardian was brought up. Sherlock would have loved to volunteer himself and John. But with John needing care and little Rosie due to arrive home soon from her and Mrs. Hudson’s protective vacation, Sherlock was unsure of his ability to care for the little one.
"Sir, we have to move her, are you family?" They asked
She smiled Greg and Mycroft blushed as she and Winslow exited.
John just nodded.
John just glanced over to Lestrade who stood and headed over arms out he caught the Consulting detective as he passed out.
Sherlock looked up at the doctor who had entered to check John neared the bed.
Sherlock had been a little shocked at first to see how much his big brother doted on his fiancé. Mycroft’s proposal had been very sweet, or so John had said so, Mycroft asked him the day he brought Greg home.
“Oh fuck off” Mary snapped as she leaned on Mrs. Hudson.
Greg closed his eyes and let the water run over him. Would it be another super late night for Mycroft, would he even come upstairs tonight?
The read over them then signed. Mycroft took Greg’s hands in his.
“I thought it was going to be just family and close friends at Angelo’s” John smiled as they got into the car.
Daddy Holmes tried to explain that Sherlock was not allowed out of bed yet but the consulting detective was being stubborn.
Molly knew who she was; John had described her once, Irene Adler, the only one who ever really beat Sherlock Holmes, and according to Mrs. Hudson the one who saved them.
Sebastian stopped and breathed in the air, the mixture of explosives and standard hospital smell made him smile, his mind almost wandering back to a happier time with Jim in Cambodia.
That proved more difficult than they thought. John weak as he was had a tight grip on Sherlock’s arm. It took some coaxing but soon John released his grip and was moved to his own bed and settled again.
“I know I have only known you for a few months, but Molly I can’t imagine spending the rest of my life with anyone but you.” Brodie said
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sound delicious what are the mains?” Mycroft asked sipping his tea
“No for once he is not” Mycroft said giving a small smile.
“I couldn’t sleep and I…” John started
“Well it could be because the last time a boyfriend of hers gave you his number. He turned out to be a murdering psychopath.” John looked up and Sherlock and smiled.
Rosie fussed. Mrs. Hudson began to rock her again as a soft moan came from across the room.
Greg was already teaching him how to kick around a football and had enrolled him in a 3-4 year olds footie league.
“OK, who’s Gregory” The paramedic asked
“I don’t know where my phone is, Sherlock’s is nearly dead I haven’t called yet” John said as he removed the tea towels and some packing tape.
“You better” Irene said before cutting off the call.
“Neither is life.” Eurus said with an eerie chuckle. “50 seconds”
Rosie was in a bassinet between Sherlock and John. She was given a clean bill of health.
“I don’t have any evidence to charge you with the alleged crimes, but you did engage in a fight with my men. I am grateful you brought some relief doctors to us, but I am going to have to ask you to leave. The reliefs are staying anyway as two of my American doctors will be leaving in a few days so your services will not be needed. Major Sholto and Major D’Helley will accompany you to your quarters and supervise your immediate departure from our base.” Wilshire said. “The transport Helicopter will be here in twenty minutes.”
As Henry ran from view a savage looking dog came into view.
Riley and John laughed.
“Perfect, I will never get bored.” Aston said as they all laughed.
Sherlock rested his head on his knees. This was too much emotion, too much stress.
“it’s all going to be ok” She said
“No, he doesn’t meddle, your work on the Victor case was your boon. If I had known you were on him, I would have called you, seems your response time is quicker than Mycroft’s.”
Irene had really been there for him after Jim’s death, allowing him to spend time in one of the rooms of the hotel, trying to decide what he was going to do. She also had his passport; Jim had sent it to her, along with a note. In the note Jim had told Sebastian that he had a premonition that he was uncertain of how things would turn out. That he blocked Sebastian from traveling as he didn’t want Sebastian getting hurt. Sebastian cried when he read that. Here was Jim scared of Sebastian getting hurt when it was Jim himself who wound up dead.
She tried to stand but the pain in her leg would not allow it. She looked down at Marisol who was staring at the side of the gap shaking.
Today however John was exceptionally nervous. Today was the day he revealed himself to the group. That he was John Watson and it was he that the bombs had been meant for.
“By the power invested in me by the British Government, So basically Mycroft, I now pronounce you, Husband and Husband. You may now kiss.”
Forgotten by the pond Judy looked down at the now dozing Elijah.
Oh Sherlock a trip to Karachi, saving Irene. John sighed. He didn’t know what it was between the two, not love, curiosity perhaps.
"For starving models." John smiled.
Eurus pulled the trigger. A hail of gun fire erupted from the area of the Helicopter sending Eurus sprawling onto the ground.
His mysterious partner had a contingency plan in place, and everything was bumped up by a few weeks, not ideal but doable.
John watched Sholto leave, John couldn’t imagine what was going through his commanders’ head. Sholto and D’Helley were close. As close and John and Riley were. But unlike John and Riley, their relationship was not public. Major Ronald D’Helley had a wife back home, a few kids. The relationship he shared with Major James Sholto was an old one, way back from their time in basic training as new recruits. Neither man was “out” as they say. In fact, they were such army diehards that neither thought they would have a career if they were out. So they hid it from everyone. D’Helley going as far as finding a woman and marrying her and starting a family. Sholto remained the bachelor, he’d go with women when the men were on their leave in various part of the world. But his heart belonged to Ronald D’Helley. James Sholto would be the one to call Faith, to tell her the horrible news, he would be the ones the kids, his godchildren, would call to vent and to cry to. He would mourn Ronald alone.
How could he have been so stupid? How could he have ignored her? He studied the woman in front of him, the breathlessness, the labored breathing, and the weakness. Whatever was impaling her under her arm, the pushing of labour shifted it and it had hit her lung, she may have been fine had he treated her first, but now, the pushing, the shifting it was killing her.
Greg wanted to work on the case he wanted to be on that team but he couldn’t he wasn’t allowed near it. The MET wanted a fully independent investigation team, one where emotions and attachments wouldn’t interfere. Greg had asked Mycroft to get him something let him help Mycroft refused he didn’t want Greg anywhere near it and in fact Mycroft was also being kept away. All was stored at a new level of security one that locked he and Anthea out. Greg, Sherlock, John, Mycroft, Anthea, and even Molly would be kept up to speed and occasionally asked for opinions or insight but they were not allowed to have full access to the files or the case.
“Guess I gave you a little too much medication in your juice. Sleeping already.” Judy said as she pushed the stroller towards the street. “All that work to redo my make-up and John wouldn’t have even been aware if I had still been Karen and looking him in the eye.”
“No you’re losing blood and have that heavy thing on you, best to recline and not stress yourself out.” The Medic said as they started moving him over to the other helicopter.
The officiant gave Greg the other ring a simple gold band with diamonds inlayed. Greg always though gold looked better on Mycroft than silver did.
“Ok Mr. Underwood, let’s see which one of the billion ways to die got you.”
“Yes, but you killed them” John replied.
“You killed a dog?!” Irene exclaimed
“Are you alright Mr. Lestrade?” She asked walking over
“I can’t reach anyone” Mycroft said standing dialing again
Greg teared up; he wanted to kiss Mycroft so badly. One would think how unlike the Mycroft to toss in a fantasy movie reference and make it his own. Then again Greg knew the real Mycroft the one that used to hide behind closed doors. He knew just how much of a geek he really was.
“What more on edge?” John asked
“And when you discovered the truth you did nothing.” Sherlock said through gritted teeth. As they pulled up into the parking garage Mycroft’s office.
“Exactly Mycroft is the best thing that has happened to you since Margret showed her true colours.” Albert said motioning for Andrew to go inside “Connie, Andrew and Myself are going to go for a walk up to the park for a bit”
“As you never shut up about.” John interjected.
“Yes, on my brothers.” The woman said pulling the letter down and taking Sebastian’s right hand in hers “Margaret Eurus Anastasia Holmes” She smiled “But please call me Eurus”
“I have to go, Have to help Myc” He said weakly.
“Would you like a full breakfast in the morning or just something quick?” Tabitha asked
Whoever was behind this was staying quiet.
“She hid an injury from the blast, a piece of shrapnel that pierced her side, her only thoughts were giving birth to a healthy baby” Mummy said
“So once I get you stitched up and bandaged you are going to stay here for a bit, keep you on an IV to make sure it doesn’t get infected then, light duties till it heals,” John instructed. Sholto nodded “James,” John said his voice changing to one of more concern. “Are you going to be alright.”
“You kept her from us!” Sherlock yelled as John and Greg knelt to check on Mycroft who just waved them off.
He’d almost lost her when they were little. His dog got a little rambunctious and knocked her down the stairs. She’d hit her head and nearly died. They were 5. From then on Sherlock had vowed to protect her.
“Hello Gregory, are you alright” Mycroft said gesturing for Greg to enter “You’re limping did you have a fall?”
Mycroft’s doing no doubt. But that was for the best. Sherlock needed Victor to be far, far away and VERY unreachable, or else there was no doubt that Sherlock would run right back to him.
“Well if you had come to us in the first place it would not be as involved,” John said as he carefully dug the bullet out of Sholto’s lower leg.
Greg thanked Sally again for the ride and the coffee. He drove home in silence. So much injury and death all caused by a jilted lover. Besides Miss. Holmes fiancé there were 10 other dead, mostly venue security and event staff. Victor Trevor had been on a mission. To be so incensed over someone leaving you. Then again Greg knew that Victor had some strange hold over Sherlock, the tabloids had run stories in the past, but with big brother in the government, a lot of stuff was never released.
There were many thoughts like that circling in Mycroft’s mind. Buzzing about like a nagging cloud of gnats. He couldn’t focus. He closed his eyes as the world about his swayed. Perhaps it was the drink, maybe the lack of sleep, or the fact he hadn’t eaten, but when Mycroft went to stand his body gave out and he fell back against the chair and sunk to the floor, the sobs shaking his body and echoing though the empty house.
Jimmy wasn’t here though, now Sebastian was all alone leaning on the wall slowly sliding down as his blood seeped out of him.
John was pretty sure Sherlock didn’t need help with the recipes anymore but it had become a tradition. After they ate John and Sherlock would move into the sitting room and work on cases. Molly would tidy up and play with Rosie for a bit. Sometimes Mrs. Hudson would come up as well and she and Molly would play cards. Once or twice Greg and Mycroft had also come. Greg once brought a double chocolate cake that could only be describes as decadent death by chocolate. Sherlock had even mushed up a little and fed it to Rosie.
John looked to see Sherlock’s phone sitting screen up, cracked but still on, Irene looking up at him.
The little one squirmed.
“Yeah, you said it will heal,” Sholto replied.
Mycroft moved his mouth to Greg’s neck, alternating between gently sucking the flesh and flicking his tongue along the muscles as they flexed when Greg nibbled at Mycroft’s ear.
“You are mad because I lied to you.” Mycroft replied
There was a mumble and John telling her no.
He looked back at the interior of the elevator; Sally was lying on the floor, she kept fading in and out of consciousness. They had fallen 10 floors, and Greg still wasn’t sure what stopped the elevator from falling more. It seemed to slow just a bit then finally jerked to a stop. The jerking stop was rough.
, rich and velvety, with the mystery and eloquence of a Bond villain.
As soon as they reach 221b, John finds himself slammed against the living room wall and snogged within an inch of his life by one very eager, borderline desperate, ballet dancer. Distantly, he notices the champagne bottle slip from his hand’s grasp and onto the carpeted floor with a low ‘thunk’, but right now, he couldn’t care less, expensive champagne be damned, even if it doesn’t remain intact.
“Well, for once, give yourself a night off, eh?” John tucks back a stray, frizzy curl behind Sherlock’s ear, who in turn purrs and leans into the gentle touch. “It’s your last performance of this show. Celebrate. Enjoy yourself.”
have an appeal to me. You could work a desk job and I’d still be crazy for you.” Sherlock pulls a repulsed face at the idea, making John laugh. “Well, don’t give up on ballet too soon, alright? Give yourself time to think about it. And whatever you decide, I’ll be here to support you.”
“Oh, hush, you. You were perfect and you know it.” Sherlock smiles and his cheeks turn pink, even with the absence of blusher. “Everyone loved it. You heard the audience.”
“Nope,” Sherlock grins. “Not tired at all.”
He knows Sherlock is in a similar mindset, overwhelmed with sensory input, from the rough snapping of his hips and the soft ‘uh - uh - uh’ that matches his rhythm. His eyes are dark as he glances down at their joint bodies, looks into John’s eyes, takes in the sight of him with equal parts lust and wonder and
John has witnessed it more times than he can count, both in rehearsals and on stage - the elegant, gravity-defying leaps, the graceful turns, the slow, gentle movements that make dizzying athletic feats seem effortless. And yet it never grew old, never became anything less than extraordinary. Now, as he watches Sherlock dance on stage with baited breath, tucked away in the dark audience in front of the stage, he feels his chest expand a hundred times over with love and admiration, not caring in the slightest that he is grinning like a lunatic for no one’s benefit but his own, hidden from Sherlock’s sight.
John scoffs. “What? You’re thirty-seven.”
Sherlock turns John around his chest pressed up against the wall, undoes his jeans and pulls them and his underwear down so they’re around his ankles, which John awkwardly steps out of and kicks away, while at the same time taking off his shirt and throwing it to the side. He can’t see anything in this position, so he waits with bated breath for the soft ‘click’ of the lube being opened, of the cool, slick touch of Sherlock’s fingers to prepare him. Luckily, he doesn’t need to wait long.
He feels Sherlock grin against his throat. “You don’t want to go to the bedroom?”
“You know the answer to that, damn you.”
They both come almost simultaneously in a symphony of moans, shaking and clinging fast to one another, almost definitely ruining Sherlock’s post-performance clothes but neither of them caring. They stay like that for a while, coming down from their high, breathing heavily, the cool breeze from the open living room window clinging to the sweat on their skin.
Sherlock is beautiful when he dances.
“I did,” Sherlock mumbles. “I’ve spent my entire life training. I’ve isolated myself for so many years for this, denied myself friendships and relationships in pursuit of my career, bruised and blistered myself trying to perfect every dance move. And now it’s all slipping away far too quickly.”
As the audience pile out of the theatre, John pushes against the current of people, away from the exit sign, until he finds the door:
“I suppose I shall. Speaking of which…” Sherlock bounds out of his chair, almost with a leap, and retrieves from the other corner of the dressing room a bottle of champagne, cold and coated with condensation from the ice bucket. “Courtesy of Mycroft, as an apology for missing the final performance.”
He grins giddily. “God. That’s really fucking hot, you know that right? You, carrying me.”
John moans, rocking back against Sherlock’s fingers. “Fine. A little longer. Can you at least take your clothes off?” He can feel the soft cotton of Sherlock’s post-show t-shirt and jogging bottoms against his bare skin, doing absolutely nothing to hide the erection currently bumping against John’s arse.
“Relax, John.” Sherlock kisses John’s shoulder. “You’ve already been remarkably patient through my eight-performance weeks. Surely you can wait a little longer?”
“Really?”
“Well, then. It would certainly be a shame to let this go to waste. Don’t suppose you have any glasses in here?”
He gasps as the first finger enters him, stretching him for the first time in far too long. Sherlock kisses the back of his neck. “Slower?” How Sherlock could speak so calmly, touch him with such tenderness and caution while still being so worked up, John had no idea.
“Shut up. You’re fine. You feel wonderful.” To prove his point, Sherlock starts to move, rocking into him while still holding John up, it seemed, with little-to-no effort. And, almost as soon as it starts, something snaps, and finally, Sherlock is fucking him properly, and John is helpless to do anything except clutch tightly onto him and allow himself to drown in the feeling of it.
“Of course.” John kisses the crown of Sherlock’s head. “That’s what boyfriends do. We hold each other up.”
“Me too,” John murmurs hoarsely, and kisses him.
John nods. “You? I know I’m no ballerina, and I’ve put on a few pounds -”
“Romania.”
He comes to Sherlock’s dressing room door and enters, finding the dancer sat at his mirror, out of his costume and in his dressing-gown, wiping off his stage make-up. (John has requested a few times that he leaves it on, the black mascara and eyeliner that brings out the pale blue of his eyes, the bronzer that sharpens his cheekbones, making his features somehow more… other-world-y. Ethereal. Sherlock refuses every time, insisting that after two hours of dancing and sweating, the makeup only becomes a nuisance that makes his skin feel grotty.) Sherlock looks up at him and grins. “What did you think?”
Security let him in anyway; after four years of dating Sherlock, coming to the opening and closing night of every performance, John’s face is as engraved into their memories as the star of the show himself. Besides, no one would dare argue with Sherlock, unless they wanted a scathingly blunt deduction thrown at them about failing marriages or secret illegitimate family members.
Afterwards, when they’ve both collapsed into bed, exhausted and aching and completely unwilling to leave each other’s arms, Sherlock breaks the silence. “I have to retire soon.”
(Observation: Sherlock didn’t need to leave his side for very long to retrieve the lube. Deduction: lube is stashed down the side of the sofa, or underneath magazines. Conclusion: Sherlock is leaving lube in the communal area of the flat for guests/Mrs Hudson/clients to see. Needs to be addressed at a later date. For now, John is very, very grateful for it.)
“Oh god!” John moans as Sherlock finds his prostate, rendering him desperate and making his cock leak against the wall. (God, he hopes they won’t leave a stain.)
(He wonders briefly if he can actually see him, or if he simply had John’s seat number memorised and aimed there. Neither option would surprise him)
Sherlock sighs softly, hiding his face in John’s neck. “I stumbled.”
He did just that. More lube, another finger, stretching him, preparing him. John spread his legs, leaned his weight against the wall to accommodate more of him. If had it his way, preparation would be quick, perfunctory, a means to an end. But Sherlock was nothing if not a perfectionist, rocking his fingers slowly in and out of him, patiently waiting for John’s body to adjust, then adding another, and searching, searching -
“There’s always room for improvement, as you know. I felt I could have landed a little better on that leap in the first half, and I could have lifted Sofia higher, but- “
Sherlock growls, a low, satisfied purr that travels straight to John’s cock. “So worked up already? We only left the theatre twenty minutes ago. Or have you been working yourself up for longer?”
“‘Just this once’, my arse.” Spoilt brat. But who is John to deny him? Especially when Sherlock’s voice goes like
Longer, definitely longer. From the moment Sherlock stepped out on stage in those tights of his, while he showed off his talents without shame, when he commanded the attention of the whole room at the slightest movement, John felt himself fall in love with him all over again. The time for telling him this will be later, when John feels capable of speech. “I don’t care. Just fuck me, you prick.”
(He will complain tomorrow, about the bruising and pains, but they will be empty words.)
He feels overwhelmed by him; his wrists pinned above his head by Sherlock’s larger hands, Sherlock’s muscular chest against his own, Sherlock’s thigh between his denim-clad legs, his tongue licking possessively into John’s mouth, sending a thrill down his spine and pooling low in his stomach. He feels the wall against his back, the slight ache of a bruise on the back of his head and his back from the first collision with the wall. He doesn’t mind. Not in the slightest. He delights in this, surrendering to Sherlock’s will and letting himself be claimed.
“Exactly. In ballet terms, I’m ancient. My thirty-six-year-old colleague is retiring this year. And my leg hurts even more than usual. I won’t be able to walk properly tomorrow. I know it.”
Sherlock hums. “You won’t mind? I know my dancing has a certain… appeal to you.”
like he can’t believe his luck.
“Alright?”
“Absolutely not. Keep going.”
And especially when his fingers are doing
“Alright?”
“In a little bit, maybe. I quite like it like this.” John can understand why. There’s a vulnerability in being the only one without clothes, a display of trust and submission that makes him shiver with anticipation (though that could be the flat’s dodgy heating). “Besides, seeing as I did such a good performance tonight, don’t I deserve to have things my way, just this once?”
“Oh, I know,” Sherlock replies smugly, and with that, he slowly presses into him. John throws his head back against the wall with a shuddering exhale, while Sherlock moans softly in his ear.
Even as they kiss, Sherlock doesn’t stop; he has the musician’s internalised tempo, the scientist’s expertise and knowledge of John’s anatomy, the dancer’s single-minded precision and strength. John can’t remember a time before sex with Sherlock, and he certainly doesn’t want to imagine a time after. It can never get better than this.
John Watson wasn't about to give up on Sherlock Holmes again.
Time was dead here. He never needed to worry here, in hell. Everything just was what it was. People would come and then would leave just as quickly. Nobody paid much attention. How long had he been here? He thought, with a heavy heart he pretended to ignore. Sherlock was itching. It had become uncomfortable and the slight rush he had gained from the cocaine had worn off faster than before. He lifted another, and injected more. Before, it had been good. A slight gasp escaped his lips, it was the sweetest rush. His veins burned, his head exploded with pleasure.
He nodded miserably.
John held Sherlock's wrist, slowly and gently. Sherlock froze - John's heart skipped a beat, he hoped Sherlock would welcome this touch. Sherlock loosened himself and let John touch him. Relief in both their hearts.
"I'm feeling that fear again, Sherlock. God, I must be so blind. Come on. I want to start over. Rewind. Please."
"Head and back."
"No, no. I don't mean it like that. Let me help you." John crouched by the man, now holding his face in both of his hands. "Please."
He was dirty. Sherlock stared into the darkness of the room, suddenly aware of everything. The syringe fell from his fingertips. The slight flickering of the lamp outside, the buzzing noise it made which pierced his eardrums and span his head around. The heartbeats, his own? It thumped away, letting him know he alive. He groaned. There were others there, too. He could see their thin, vague outlines as they writhed and squirmed, occasionally grunting and occasionally laughing.
"Jesus- John." Sherlock's eyes were wide, his hand clamped over his chest.
"Three days." Sherlock whispered. "Since."
John couldn't do anything but laugh, not sardonically but out of a blissful confusion. Sherlock Holmes was a mystery, but John realised how lucky they both were to have each other.  They were ready again, to have that life again. Yet now it was different, there would be no chance for either of them to go too off the rails without the other holding them back. They were together, a unit. Just as it should be. It was neat, tidy and clean.
Sherlock screamed out. No. Where was he? Where was John? He grabbed his hair in his fist and yelled. He continued screaming until nothing was left and fell back and stared into the whiteness of the room.
This time was different. He was broken. The more he injected, the less he felt. The more he faded back into the darkest corner of his mind. He had been here too long.
"What the fuck do you want, boy?" The man kicked him again, winding him.
John was right, but Sherlock wasn't ready to admit that quite yet.
A hand, cold yet sweaty grabbed his wrist from the darkness.
. He screamed to himself. John understood. He took Sherlock's hand in both of his and pressed his face against it. Relief flooded through them both.
As he pulled himself up out of bed his whole body ached. Sherlock had been grateful for the lack of nightmares, which he pinned on that warm feeling he had gotten in his belly at John's touch as he drifted off to sleep.
Sherlock shook his head, lying. Sherlock didn't want to talk about any of this now. He needed to forget it all so that he could move on with his work.
"No, please, no, John. No-"
"You can't lie to me, Sherlock. Remember what I said? I meant it. Really." John searched Sherlock's gaze for a sign of belief but was only met with a distant, pained expression.
"Of course you do, you fucking junkie. But no more tonight."
"Jesus, Sherlock-" It was
Sherlock flinched.
"How are you feeling?" John croaked, half-surprised he managed to start.
"Do you want to talk about what happened?" John tried to be bolder.
Later that evening, Sherlock awoke with a headache. His weakness which had shown the day before made guilt and shame grow heavy on his shoulders. He blinked in the darkness, trying to readjust his senses to try and make sense of everything which he had been feeling.
Sherlock bowed his head in a vain attempt to hide his fear, his tears. "You're looking at me....like you don't really recognise me anymore. I don't either. It's my eyes, isn't it?" There was a heart-wrenching whine.
Sherlock uncurled from his ball and drew his hand away from his face. He could tell from John's voice that he was being serious, but Sherlock simply was not ready to open up now. He had caused John so much pain...he didn't deserve any forgiveness.
"You bastard, you don't do this now. I came back."
Yet he didn't really want to believe it. Then he decided to come back to Sherlock. To do the best he could to help him, even if he would be hopeless at it. Physical wounds - fine. He knew that. He could do that. Part of the reason why he persuaded himself to come back was because he knew he was very good in that area. He also knew there was more to why he came back, yet he didn't want to admit that quite yet.
Sherlock unbuttoned his shirt and turned slightly, a slight gasp escaping his mouth as he did so.
"It was fine." Sherlock said, looking nowhere in particular.
. It rang out in his head, made it burn and ache until he couldn't see clearly. He tripped over and clutched his chest. His breathing had grown increasingly erratic and the only thought which made sense to Sherlock was how glad he was that Mrs Hudson wasn't home to see this mess.
That's what he had told himself over and over.
"Nothing." Sherlock shook his head, only making the pain worse. He sucked in air through his teeth.
Sherlock was silent.
John felt tears run down his cheek, and the only thing that felt natural was to wrap his arms around Sherlock's wiry body. Sherlock returned the gesture.
"Well, that's good. Little steps, right?"
How did he get here? He didn't remember. A slight panic rose up in his throat. It was all wrong, all wrong, too wrong. He stopped suddenly, and stared back into the darkness of the room, remembering. John. John had gone and Sherlock had cared a lot.
"Sherlock, are you sore?"
John. Where was he? Sherlock hobbled up off the couch, gritting his teeth at the feeling of being as vulnerable as a little old man. His back ached like hell, but he wasn't ready to discuss that. He doubted he ever would. Just let it go, he told himself. Ignore it. Sherlock fumbled for the light switch, muttering swear words under his breath but eventually managed to flip it on. He nearly jumped ten feet in the air in fright as the light illuminated John's face, who was standing in the doorway.
Loneliness. John. He lifted the syringe, ready to inject. Ready for the biggest rush of his body and mind.
"Please don't do this to me." Sherlock's voice caught in his throat, casting his gaze to the floor. John paused in the doorway, his heart sinking deep down into his stomach.
The only pain he could feel was a deep burning from the lacerations on his back. He knew he had deep wounds there, but he couldn't face them. Now he was paying the price for that. Something was deeply wrong. That realisation hit him hard. He keeled over, a horrific retching noise heaved his body but nothing would come. He slammed his fists against the floor and buried his face into the floor, hiding his tears from nobody. His whole body felt on fire. It was too hot, too sore, too lonely. Sweat clung to his forehead. John Watson had lied to him.
"Man. You've been doing that all night. One more time and you won't come back."
sorry! not going to lie, i kinda forgot about this. Now I have finished all my other works, I will focus more on this again! Twice a week updates should start from next week :)
John. Focus on John.
Nice dream.
"Why?"
"No." Sherlock rose from his chair abruptly, stumbled slightly but regained balance quick enough to hide it, "I think I'll call Lestrade. I want a case! Yes, that'll do it. Too much sitting, John. It's not good for you, you know. Too much moping. He probably needs me anyway. Where's my phone? Have you seen my phone?" He scrambled around, darting back and forth, searching but not really looking.
"Sherlock-"
The door creaked open and dozens of dead eyes immediately gazed that way.
"No, John. Please. Just let me-" Sherlock cut himself off with a frustrated sigh and slumped back into his chair. He ran a hand through his hair and clamped a hand over his face as a mask.
When John found him, he had tears in his eyes. Sherlock flooded out a thousand apologies, shaking his head and crying. John shushed him and held him close to him. Sherlock was not being selfish this time. He was lost, and John understood everything. John always did. He understood the words he was trying to force out of his mouth but just would not come. John protected him, listened to him and held him. He loved him like his brother never showed. He loved him more. When he was with John, he thrived, and they both knew that. It made them happy. He told him he could always call him, any time at all. Sherlock knew this. He nodded and they both cried. John would help him. They both knew that. They loved each other and they both knew it. They stayed together, crying and loving and it felt clean again. But it was not real and Sherlock knew that. He was dirty.
Supplies and equipment gathered John began the diagnostic process.
“Like Sherlock.” He said Anthea nodded.
Sherlock smiled as tears freely fell down his cheeks. John just beamed. This was Rosie’s first time saying love and he was so happy it was to Sherlock. Sherlock needed to hear that at this exact moment, and John honestly believed that Rosie knew that.
Greg had convinced him that two weeks of Disney, Universal and chilling on a Floridian beach would do them wonders, and so the honeymoon package was booked.
Hopefully this was just a one-time thing. John just got overwhelmed and would be fine.
Victor didn’t like it. Victor didn’t want Sherlock talking to cops, especially one that was working closely with the narcotics unit. Victor… Sherlock looked up at the screen, the ticker on the bottom of the news program was reporting that the suspect in the Fashion Week shooting had been moved from Hospital to a secure facility.
Short little chapter just to bridge
“Dogs are nothing” Eurus replied “The loss drove Sherlock to believe that he had lost Willa and the dumb dog. Willa was still in a coma so uncle Rudy believed that it would be best to just have everyone think that she was dead. At the time it was thought that she would never wake up anyway. So I was locked away and forgotten. Sherlock doesn’t even know I exist and Mummy, Daddy and Mycroft have all made sure to keep him in the dark. They don’t want to upset their precious Sherlock. Mummy and Daddy think I am dead too. They think Willa and I were killed in the same hospital fire. Reality I was put in prison. Willa woke up just after her 4th Birthday. Uncle Rudy thought reintroducing her to Sherlock would send the memories of me flooding back in and that it would be of great mental detriment. So Willa was told her family died in the fire and she was adopted by Uncle Rudy’s secretary Agnes and was raised as Willa Masterson. The only lingering effect the brain injury she had was that she gets migraines and has some balance issues but she’s done quite well for herself. She’s a first chair cellist for the London Philharmonic. And now she knows that the man who paid for her education. The man who helped her get her audition is none other than her eldest brother Mycroft Holmes. He could have told mummy and daddy or even Sherlock when Rudy told him we were alive. But no. He befriended her. Became her benefactor when Agnes died and took care of her like a brother, but all while hiding her from the rest of her family.”
The driver Wesley Price’s legs were crushed, he ended up losing both of them, and later an arm to infection. The gunner Andrew Marksham was left with head injuries that left him blind and deaf in one ear.
The door to the room opened. Greg, John and Willa looked as three men entered and stood by them. They looked like inmates, dressed in simple white trousers and tee-shirts.
Sherlock gave John’s hand a squeeze
Mycroft gave his had a squeeze as the events coordinator gave them a bit of history about the mansion and the surrounding gardens and area it was a late 16th-century mansion and a mainly 20th-century garden.
Mycroft just looked at her like a lost child. The head injury was getting to him and now with his leg bleeding more it would lead to high blood loss.
Greg pulled his hand away from Mycroft and stood
“And when she reaches out again, will you then tell Sherlock?” Greg asked leaning forward.
“Sir did you see that plume of smoke?” Sally Donovan said looking out the widow “It’s over by Regents Park”
Sherlock stood and looked, in the dying light he could see she was covered in black soot like ash, both arms she held close to her. He stood and went to her, taking her hands in his. She gave a hiss of pain.
Sherlock sat next to the hospital bed. John was sleeping now Rosie curled up beside him. Greg and Mycroft had come the moment they heard.
“Oh very nice” Greg smiled as she reached for him.
“They do cakes but I’m going to make our cake” Greg said closing the folder
It seems Jim had made contact with this person a while ago and they had a pseudo plan in place, which was sort of derailed by Jim’s death. But this voice on the end of the line had information, good information on all involved.
A smaller man, slender, short black hair that stood up a little in the front, was sitting at the table.
“Will we?” Sherlock asked fear in his voice.
“She’s your only niece, Mycroft but wait was that sentiment I hear?” Sherlock laughed
“Oh Sherlock trying to join in.” Eurus mocked.
“What happened after university?” John asked. Sherlock topped up his tea and continued.
Mrs. Hudson looked at the mobile phone in her hand she had text everyone in John’s contact list and no one had responded.
“No” Sherlock replied.
“How can they have already retaken the Diogenes Club??!!” Sebastian hollered as they sat parked at the end of The Mall.
Brody set the suitcase down in the bedroom.
“Now that he has revealed himself to the world he will try to pick up where he left off, making me look the fool and continuing his reign of terror.” Sherlock said as he peeked out the window. “Using people to further his game.”
The door of Irene’s room opened and the inmates came and Marco and Fredrick led John and Willa away while Denny carried Greg over his shoulder.
Sherlock woke. His head felt fuzzy, no doubt from the tranquilizer dart that entered the back of his head. His head also felt heavy. There was an odd sensation of cold metal on his cheeks, as he opened his eyes even in the dim light he could tell there was something over his face, metal slats sitting on either side of his eyes just brushing his lashes at the corners.
Riley followed behind John. His patient was stable but had a bleeding wound in their side.
He was in a chair, arms and tied to the chair arms. Greg was Next to him in a chair, he still seemed to be out, on John’s other side was a woman, one he had come to know only from pictures, Willa Holmes. She was in the chair same as he and Greg but she was awake.
=-=-=-=-=-=
“I’ll come with you.” Greg said turning to head upstairs to change.
“We should get him home.” John said motioning to Greg. Mycroft nodded “He’s not feverish again is he?”
Mummy Holmes looked up, Mycroft was stirring.
“Ok.” Sherlock said taking aim and firing at Mycroft.
Mycroft hadn’t been too keen on Greg going back to work in the first place, he thought it was too soon, yes Greg had been medically cleared to work and the MET had been rebuilt but to step into that office to ride those elevators what would that do to Greg’s heart and mind? Mycroft was worried about Greg mentally and emotionally. It caused much fighting between the two of them Mycroft didn’t think that a person could work while struggling through guilt and grief. As much as Mycroft had warmed and the Iceman melted he still struggled with emotions and showing them. Mycroft felt he’d shown too much in the hospital with breaking down about almost losing Grey and the warm tender proposal. Not to say that Mycroft wasn’t loving and caring just for so long he had to keep it all happen keep it tucked away caring was not an advantage. How they even wound up together now engaged still could baffle some.
John wanted to both throttle and kiss Sherlock.
=-=-=-
“Because of Uncle Rudy?” Sherlock said the agitation still in his voice.
It had been two weeks since the explosions and everyone was awake. John and Sherlock had both started physio, Mycroft had done a little but didn’t want to be gone from the room for extended periods of time. He didn’t want to be so far from the man he almost lost.
“You spoil me Tabitha.” He said
“From what. For years I mourned and blamed myself for her death. I should have been more careful, I should have had a tighter hold on Redbeard. I thought it was my fault she was dead. I never wanted to be close to anyone because I was scared I would inadvertently hurt them too. I tried to drown out these feelings. With work, with drugs I didn’t want to feel this way.” Sherlock said tears starting to form. “You would tease me; bring up Redbeard whenever you could.”
Of course he thought that was her only visit with him. Once the governor was in her control bringing him there whenever she wanted was easy. Even those few times Mycroft believed that Moriarty was still under lock and key awaiting trial.
He jumped as he felt a hand on her shoulder, he turned to see Karen standing behind him.
Mycroft stood at the back door of the manor. Greg would come though the side door Mycroft from this one. They would meet at the aisle and walk to the officiant together.
The door opened and she made her way back to her cell.
“Now I said leave her be.” Eurus repeated.
“Thank you for always being here for John and I we wouldn’t be here today if it wasn’t for you” Sherlock smiled.
