Steve’s shirt was clinging to his body and any one could clearly make out a bump. Pepper wasn’t blind and knew this had something to do with Tony. She wanted to go back in the house and get Steve a towel or something to dry off but her feet wouldn’t move. She was looking at a very pregnant man. A very pregnant man who spent so much time with Tony Stark it was unhealthy. A very pregnant man who happened to be Steve Rogers. Pepper watched the scene unfold. Steve shivering in the cold as he made his way to his car, shooting Pepper a smile before driving away. And Pepper didn’t bring herself to move until she could no longer see Steve’s car.
“Yes.” Tony confirmed. “He said he was there at the bar that night. That’s when he planted the chips on you and Nat.” Steve could vaguely remember seeing a blonde that kept looking their way that night. They’d thought he was interested in Bucky, not that he was planning to chip them. Steve wished he had recognized him, but he’d only ever seen Justin once and never committed his face to memory. He wasn’t relevant. Oh, how wrong he was.
He pulled down the shirt quickly, seeing a hint of his belly still peeking out from underneath despite it being a larger size. He was really swelling up. He wondered if Steve still found him atractive.
Anna chuckled, playing idly with her necklace. “Never. We’d never, Dad.” She promised, glancing back at Remy and urging him to speak up. He owed them.
“I heard you and Steve are back together,” came Maria Stark’s voice over the phone. Tony was truly appalled at the insane notion.
“Thank god!” Morgan exclaimed, throwing her arms up in the air and completely changing the dynamic of the conversation. Tony was taken back by her gestures.
“I’m going to hopefully meet Paige today.” Paige’s new name was Anna Marie as appointed by her foster parents. Hammer had explained to Tony that he had taken Paige from the hospital the day she was born, with the help of a doctor and had her set up in foster care. Just another way to hurt Tony but he felt like that was only half of the truth though. He’d let things be for now however, if he got his daughter back in his life.
Tony hurried with his mother to the emergency room. He hated hospitals. He had almost not shown up, but Maria had insisted. Peggy was like an Aunt to him after all. She was as much family as everyone else. They were in the middle of breakfast when Sharon Carter had called Maria’s phone and told her the terrible news. Peggy had a stroke. Peter and Morgan wanted to be there too when they heard about it but Tony wouldn’t let them. He didn’t ever want them to step foot in a hospital unless someone was giving birth. He had bad memories associated with hospitals.
Winter had entered the room again, teacups in hand and Steve and Buck grew quiet. She put one in front of her papa and the other before her Uncle Steve. She put cookies, cakes and other pastries on everyone’s plates and took her seat.
“I was afraid. I’m still afraid.” And Tony didn’t know he was crying until a sob broke from his throat. Steve rose from his seat and approached him. Tony took several steps back before Steve was an inch away from him.
Steve shook his head, taking a step back. “I do not pretend like she can do no wrong.” Steve Rogers really did believe he treated all his kids fairly and equally.
Clint and Laura exchanged looks. “And they’re both still kids,” she continued. “They make mistakes.” Natasha lived by that. Everyone made mistakes. It was only human nature. She’d made so many mistakes in her past but she’d redeemed herself over the years and she believed everyone deserved a chance to do the same.
“Their only child? Come on.” Jacob had a look of irritation on his face. “Anyways, I get home thanks to Amelia.” Amelia entered Jacob’s room in that moment, taking a seat by her boyfriend so she was visible on the screen.
As promised, Steve got one of the best lawyers out there. Nova Caffrey. One of the best in her field. She'd never lost a case. Steve hoped they’d win. He needed his baby and Nicky needed his mother.
“Yes.” Tony repeated, loud enough for the room to hear. Everyone applauded and cheered while Stephen slid the ring onto Tony’s finger and got up to finally pull his new fiancée into a hug. They kissed briefly and the first thing Tony saw when he pulled away was the back of Steve walking out of the room.
“Why so? Would you not rather be indulging in sexual activities with a girl at this moment?” She asked. That was more his forte.
“I love you too.” Tony responded. Steve had even gotten his mind off the night prior until Nat texted him. She wanted to talk.
Steve thought of doing the same too. He went to wash up and headed to Harley’s room to drag him out of bed prior to sending Sharon a Merry Christmas text. He’d give her that much.
Of course not. Lila ended up being grounded. She grumbled and complained about it the entire ride home. Clint supposed Nat was right. It was kind of selfish of him to attack Harley and not punish his own daughter. Might as well hold everyone accountable for their actions.
“Aunt Carol and Uncle Thor use to date,” Harley answered, appearing out of nowhere behind Michelle. He was creepy like that at times. She gave Morgan a look as if asking why her older brother was so weird. Morgan shrugged.
“Okay papa,” and the 8-year old ran off, being caught briefly by her dad before making it to her room. “Bye Uncle Steve.”
I apologize for errors and chapter length. This was originally a longer chapter but now split into two.
Pepper had just lied to Rhodey over the phone about Carol’s whereabouts. With what she’d learned from him, Pepper decided to question Carol. “That was Rhodey.” She began.
“It wasn’t easy guys.” Steve confessed. “I’m still figuring some things out.” Vision was surprised to hear that. “But if you two feel you’re ready. Who am I to stop you?”
After weeks, here it is. I'm so sorry. I hope everyone enjoys even tho I personally think I could have done this chapter way better.
“I mean its sex…” Bucky trailed off, handing Steve a glass and joining him on the sofa as well. Bucky didn’t know what else to say. Sex went as sex went. Until Bucky realized Steve wasn’t asking how the sex was going. Obviously. He was asking about the baby-making and his fertility issues. “Oh!” Now, he understood.
Peter spoke up after a moment to apologize for all the allegations tossed at his sister. He felt worse than his older siblings and full of guilt, knowing he distrusted the person he shared a womb with and should have been the closest with – his twin. She was so new to their family; it couldn’t have felt good being verbally and later, physically attacked by them. Peter just had to apologize on his, Morgan and Harley’s behalf and he got up to go meet her across the room. They hugged and Anna had no problem forgiving him. Morgan wondered how she’d react to her apology.
He let out a small smile. “Love you both,” he kissed his fingertips and extended his hand towards Peter and Morgan.
"Can we talk about how he's younger than the last one? How he's practically my age?" Harley chimed in. He was 26 and this Steve guy was 28.
“Stephen!” He screamed. Stephen’s eyes fixed on him as if he was trying to communicate but all Tony got was Stephen foaming at the mouth. “Friday! I need an ambulance.” He was panicking.
. That was weird to say, she thought. He was seated at his dorm room’s desk, shirtless and a messy head of dirty blonde hair. He wore a smile on his lips and in his eyes but Torunn could tell there was something else hidden in his eyes. Worry and sadness.
Tony found his daughter on the edge of her bed. Her hands covered in the outpour of her own blood which was leaking from the spot between her legs. Tony could only draw one conclusion from that. She was losing the baby. Sobs were escaping Morgan’s lips. Her eyes were red and the tears wouldn’t stop.
“I have already grown to like you Harley. I think I always have.” She went on, resting her head on her hand.
“You really are paranoid.” She sighed, sitting before the screen. “Why? When I’ve already been bond to you by my father’s decree. I am yours whether I like it or not. His word is law.”
When Lila came back, she smiled for the first time that morning. Aunt Nat would be on her side. “Please tell me you talked some sense into Mom and Dad.”
Peter overlooked the city as Ned talked off his ear. He pulled of his Spiderman mask and took in the night air. It was refreshing. It was peaceful and it made him happy. He found himself at peace following his revelation to his mother – not much of revelation, considering, he’d already known but, it was what it was. He hadn’t been genuinely happy since Wade left and after he and his mom had had that heartfelt conversation, Morgan had gotten back to her old self and all was well in the Stark Household again, he had nothing to complain about. Wade Wilson be damned. He just still couldn’t believe he’d actually left; left without even saying goodbye.
“I didn’t.” She sighed. “Like I said, Fury had me go on a mission. You can ask him yourself Bruce.” She swore and he hugged her because he
Tony gasped. “I’m gonna cum Steve.” He wouldn’t be able to hold off for too long after coming once already in the last few minutes.
Steve asked for an ultrasound picture as he did upon every doctor visit. He liked to keep the progress of his baby’s growth in a scrapbook because other mothers in his pregnant mothers group did. He also thought it was cute idea and he’d loved to show the baby one day when he’s all grown up. His pregnant mothers group was a relief most of the time. The other mothers didn’t judge, being a pregnant man and all. Everyone was welcoming. Most of them had children already and it gave Steve a sense of comfort knowing all these women had done it before and done so well. So well, that they were having more kids and Steve would like that one day; more kids. He just had to focus on little SJ for now. Steve Junior – the name was Sam’s idea. He hadn’t thought about names yet.
“You guys need to try harder.” Harley insisted. “You know that guy’s going to be sleeping with your precious baby boy tonight, if he hasn’t already.” He needed to remind them what was at stake here.
text to Wade for just today. Since Tony had scared Wade off, Peter hadn’t been able to reach him. He wasn’t responding to his texts. He wasn’t responding to his calls. And he didn’t show up on the roofs anymore when he patrolled the city at nights. He supposed he shouldn’t be mad. He was only doing what his mother had asked of him. His mom did threaten him and Peter hated him for it. But when did Wade Wilson start taking orders from people?
She scanned the room again, taking it all in. “It is quite mediocre for Uncle Tony's style.” Torunn had to admit. She meant no disrespect. She just told it as she saw it. This wasn’t Tony’s usual style of party planning.
Harley rested his elbow on the table before him and placed the side of his face in his palm for support as a smile stretched across his face. “Because if I was married and my wife decided she liked women. I’d take advantage of the situation and do exactly what Uncle Rhodey did.”
“Sounds like a good idea. I do love the great outdoors.” Bruce mused. He hoped Nathan would be up for it by then. He knew the loss of his and Morgan’s baby was putting a toll on him right now.
Harley mused, trying to stifle his laughter. “I’m just saying if it works, it works.” There was no harm or loss in being in a polygamous relationship.
He circled the living room after which he journeyed to the bedrooms. The first one, Peter had to guess was what Wade was working on for Ellie. It didn’t have much, just a bed, a few toys and a couple of other items. Peter remembered Wade talking about setting things up for Ellie. He had said he didn’t know what he was doing, spending hours online trying to figure out what 5-year-olds liked. He was trying and it showed. Then Peter went to the second bedroom, Wade’s and he found himself in his closet, running his fingers over his Deadpool suit. Then he was looking at a post-it board on his wall, that had things he needed to do, people he needed to kill, one picture of a baby girl, he assumed was Ellie and a picture of a little boy that looked at lot like Wade.
Still, his kids were the ones that stopped by the most reminding their father that life went on, even if he didn’t have their mother in his life anymore. Steve couldn’t plan for this. Who really could? He thought things were going good.
He found Stephen among the crowd. The man smiled lovingly at him, but Tony was looking out for Steve who had said he’d be running late. He and Steve were on good terms of course so Tony would still worry about him. He hoped he’d arrive soon. For now, he’d indulge in the comforts of his boyfriend’s arms. Stephen was happy about that.
“Never.” He whispered, allowing Tony to nibble on his ear while a hand slipped between his legs and began working on Steve’s member. “There’s something different about you.” He breathed out as Tony disappeared under the covers to suck Steve off to completion. He grunted out his next words. “You feel different.”
Tony stayed quiet for a minute. Of course, he believed every word. Steve had never lied to him; would never lie to him. “Well I’m not opposed to you hanging out with Bucky and Nat, but Morgan was waiting up for you.” He lectured.
Steve drew closer to his family, clasping his hands together as he looked down at his tapping feet, hoping to build up enough courage to speak. “When I was 16,” he started, staring at Harley then Morgan then Peter, who were all waiting for him to proceed. Then at Tony, who was encouraging him with his eyes. “I was raped.” Steve let the words hang in the room for a minute; letting the kids process it.
Steve had plans to meet Bucky and Nat for drinks. Steve got his wallet and keys, kissing Tony’s, Harley’s and Morgan’s head and Tony’s belly in two different spots before leaving. He didn’t get to see Bucky and Nat often, unfortunately because Steve spent most of his days at home with his kids while Tony worked at S.I. He didn’t mind that Tony was making more money than him, he’d gladly stay at home with his kids. Tony would work most of the day, while Steve stayed with the kids then Steve would work on his art in his studio when Tony got home, and he’d watch the kids. Everything worked out perfectly.
“So, your Mom and I got you something…” Steve explained, leading her to the elevator to get to the floor above.
Friday had already pinpointed Justin’s exact location in the building even though it was invisible to the naked eye. Tony waltzed closer towards the source. “What can I say, Justin? You were never a priority of mine.” He responded smugly.
“Is it confirmed then that Amelia has mutant abilities?” Carol brought her attention back to the present.
“Don’t start a fight you can’t finish, Strange.” Steve warned him. He would never stand a chance in a room full of Avengers. And Stephen considered leaving until he was being held by someone from behind with what felt to be a knife pressed firmly against the veins in his throat. The person’s other uncovered hand sent shockwaves of pain throughout his body.
Carol poured herself some orange juice, taking a sip before answering. “Next week. James is coming to get me on Saturday.” It was Wednesday. Just two more days to go.
, she thought, still staring up at him, into his blood thirsty eyes. She had before, countless times and wasn’t opposed to doing it again.
“I don’t want to go down for breakfast.” He whined. He was too tired to move, their baby boy was not making this pregnacy easy and having incredible morning sex didn’t help either. The only response Tony got was the sound of the shower running which seemed to lull him to sleep.
“Where are you going?” Tony questioned, watching the father of his children get out of bed and journey to their en suite.
“That’s understandable. I don’t have any kids of my own but I get it. Tell me about them,” Stephen tried making conversation. He was doing a lot better at this first-date-in-a-long-time-thing than him.
“Well...we haven’t decided.” Nathan supplied, because Morgan was still too choked up to talk. The room grew quiet again. “We just found out last night. We don’t know…” He trailed off. Their parents were all collectively sharing a look.
Eventually, Steve and Tony worked to cover up for Anna and Remy. But as their other three children decided to play detectives, inquire and drew closer to the truth, they had to confide in Director Fury with everything. He turned out to be surprisingly really understanding and put the case to rest without a second thought. He too was growing weary of dealing with that investigation and the closing statement would be,
, she had explained but Tony overlooked it because he knew this was his daughter and he wanted to hug her. As long as her skin wasn’t touching his, they’d be fine. Anna hugged both of her parents after which they all sat and discussed how and why she had ended up in foster care. It was heart-warming. They’d gotten their daughter back and Anna finally had real parents.
“Lady Nertha,” he spoke whilst bowing before her. His tone was mockingly even though his words held nothing but truth. She was Lady Nertha of Asgard, daughter of Princess Hela Odindottir.
Before Sif and Carol broke into an almost fight, Rhodey had been having a conversation with Jacob and Amelia. Rhodey liked Amelia for his son. She was like a Pepper 2.0 and Rhodey knew how good of a heart she had. She was strong-willed like her mother and very logical unlike the other girls he had seen Jacob with, courtesy of Harley’s influence. He saw his wife approaching Sif after she stepped outside. They were at an awkward distance away from each other but that was understandable given their past. Rhodey knew about his wife’s previous relationship with Thor and he knew she wasn’t completely over him no matter how many times she denied it. She had sulked about it (as much as freaking Captain Marvel could ever sulk) for a time before she met Rhodey. They become more than friends years later. She grew to appreciate and care for him but it was the birth of their son that really made her leave Thor in her past, that was until she saw Sif and each time the feelings came rushing back.
birthday next month. With everything going on, he must have scheduled a date with Stephen on the same night as family dinner night without realizing it.
Tony glared at his husband. He was growing tired of sitting in the same spot for so long. Steve was a struggling artist. Tony hated that because his work was always so good. Every time his pencil touched the sketchpad, he created masterpieces, but Tony supposed that was just the art industry. Not everyone got a chance even if their work was good.
Carol was taken back by that. “I’m great. Why?” And Jacob decided it was best to just get to the meat of the matter.
“No.” Pepper responded firmly. “Not even if he was the last man on earth.” She would never think of Remy sexually, but he could see them having a decent friendship.
He started off by stressing his appreciation of everyone present, reminding them of how grateful he was to have them. He always craved to have a big family, after growing up as an only child. He rambled on about all the things that happened that year, keeping personal matters mostly vague.
Not long after, Pietro left the group of swooning girls and joined his sister and Vision at their table. Cassie stayed behind with her friends. Wanda got up to hug him as did Vision. They got to catch up, talking about Vis and Wanda’s adoption that was already in progress. They’d met the 8-month-old they wished to adopt and were awaiting the finalization in paperwork. The agency had informed them that things were to hopefully be concluded by the end of March of the following year when the baby would be almost a year old. The couple had already had everything ready and waiting for the toddler.
“That.” Morgan stated and effectively interrupting her parents’ make out session. “That right there is why our inheritance is decreasing.” Her words made the couple pull apart but had them smiling sweetly at each other. Five children. They’d be parents to five children.
At this point, everyone, from their extended family to their close friends knew Tony was pregnant. He’d announced it only days ago and within a day everyone in the world knew that former Superheroes, Tony Stark-Rogers and Steve Rogers were expecting their 5th child together – the news outlets were all over it. Plenty of whom were begging for interviews but neither Tony nor Steve were ready to speak publicly on their baby yet. They worked with Pepper instead to do an interview later down the line but not anytime soon.
“New in town. And no, not a hero. Just a killer,” he whispered and Peter finally took those much needed steps away from this guy, facing him now.
“Asgard will have a prince!” he exclaimed, toasting with Bruce but never forgetting how his brother renounced his title and only used it when it benefited him. That was Loki for you. He was not Odin’s son but Frigga loved him like she birthed him herself and he was Thor’s brother. And Thor wondered where he was in this moment. Was he on Sakaar again? Did he even intend to show up to party?
“Congratulations Harls, Torunn.” Steve said, before directing his next words to Harley alone. “Make sure you be good to her.”
Nat finally found her voice. It was full of regret and shame. “Nothing’s going on Tony. It was a mistake. We had no idea what we were doing –” Tony cut her off because if this was her way of apologizing, she was doing at shit job at it.
“I…” he was hesitating. “I care for you Stephen. I really do, a lot. I’m just a little scared to love again not since –” And Stephen captured Tony’s lips with his. They made out for a while, Stephen groping his ass and pinching his nipples. Tony was getting hard again and Stephen started stroking him. Tony moaned into the kiss and Stephen got between his legs, positioning himself at his hole. He pulled away. Tony was struggling to catch his breath.
Peter wasn’t happy about it. Tony was faced with the silent treatment for two weeks and now they were at single word answers on Peter’s part. Tony hated when his kids hated him but
“I can’t.” Tony pleaded into the crook of his neck. He couldn’t cum again and not that soon. He couldn’t.
“It's an honor to meet you. I'm a big fan.” Wade gushed but Peter wasn’t sure sucking up was the best way to start this. Wade had his hand held out for a handshake, but Tony stayed seated looking from his scarred hand back to his scarred face.
Some of you WILL hate how this chapter ended and how IronStrange ended (my first draft of that scene actually ended violently but I decided against it. No need for violence...yet!) but this a STONY fic ladies & gents. Steve and Tony are ending up together ☺ one way or another. You knew this was coming.
“Girls!” He shouted, shutting up his daughters instantly and halting their efforts of attack. He glanced back at Tony who had been staying quiet and subconsciously rubbing his left side. It was clear his mind was elsewhere. “Tones?” He called out.
floor of Tony’s home. Nathan disappeared with Morgan not long after into the home theatre where, Peter, Michelle, Ned, Torunn, Amelia and Calvin already were. Nat and Bruce found Tony on the phone. He motioned for them to sit while he poured them both a drink.
Her response was nonchalant; as if Harley was just another human she could tinker and toy with it. “For as long as it suits me.” She'd seen the way Harley was with Lila Barton at the Christmas Party those months ago. It infuriated her. She wanted Harley all for herself.
“Papa? Daddy?” Winter entered the room and Sam quickly removed the hand that was between Bucky’s thighs.
“You need to drop her like a bad habit,” Were Sam’s final thoughts on the matter before they started talking about their kids again and Bucky revealed that he and Sam were trying for another baby. Winter was a miracle after years of trying and failing to conceive so they were hoping to get lucky again.
Steve volunteered for he no longer wished to be that poor sickly, scrawny kid from Brooklyn that was always bullied. For years he did what he was told; a puppet on strings doing what was asked of him by Peggy and everyone else in the program. He resented Peggy most of all in the end; she took advantage of him. He felt like a joke until he met Howard’s only son, Tony and the realization hit him. Steve didn’t want be Peggy’s monkey being parade around anymore. He wanted to be with Tony, so he did just that. Tony had gotten pregnant quickly and they settled down.
“Okay. See you in a bit.” Peter headed to his en suite and Steve left his room, closing the door behind him. He was getting nearer to Morgan’s room when her door opened, and she popped out smiling widely at her father.
Thor joined them, kissing his wife’s cheek and embracing his daughter. “You look lovely, Torunn.” He stated and Torunn thanked her father. “Ready?” He offered his hand to hers. She nodded and took her father’s hand. Thor led her out her dressing room, down the halls and towards the grand doors of the ball room where her future husband and all her family and friends were waiting. Sif went ahead of them.
“How did this even happen?” Tony sniffled and that’s how he realized he was crying. Kayla handed him a box of Kleenex.
Amelia’s sleepover was actually Morgan’s idea. She wanted a chance for all her friends to hang out and catch up on things, so they picked a weekend in October and set it all up. It was a much-needed break from the pressure 4/6 of the girls were under which came with their final year in high school. College would be here quicker than they thought although Morgan had decided not to apply for such. Michelle was the other exception; she was only in her junior year with Peter, Ned and Calvin.
And Peter pulls out an even smaller box from within the box and then Wade is getting down on one knee and he doesn’t know what’s happening anymore.
That was Steve’s most recent text to Tony. They had been discussing their plans to find Paige. It was only two days after the Hammer incident, but Tony did not want to waste any time when it pertained to possibly reuniting with his long-lost daughter. Steve felt the same. Tony had eventually caught Stephen up with everything Hammer had done, everything Stephen claimed Rhodey had omitted but Tony knew better. Stephen was acting oblivious.
He didn’t know what time Wade left or when he fell asleep. He just knew he was sitting at the end of his bed, the last time he saw him and he sure wasn’t there now. Instead he had a blanket wrapped around him but he did remember changing into his pajamas on his own accord. Peter checked his phone; he had 4 unread messages from Wade.
“What are you thinking, baby?” Steve felt like he was floating. He felt intoxicatingly high, trapped in a bubble with Tony in his hold.
“And don’t bother peeking out the blinds. I told Friday not to open any until you were in the backyard.” Steve countered once he saw Tony's eyes shift over to their bedroom's blinds.
“You went running without me, didn’t you?” she questioned. Morgan enjoyed hanging out with her father. Morning runs were like a ritual for them now. She’d been joining him for runs since she was 4. She was a daddy’s girl and Steve knew he wasn’t supposed to have favorites, but Morgan was undeniably his.
“When I texted you,” he explained. “He wasn’t here. He got here like 10 minutes before you did.” Steve’s left leg started twitching. Sam patted it to get his attention.
“Franklin.” Franklin Richards. Susan Storm and Reed Richards’ son and Winter’s best friend, who also happened to be one of the few children at her school with enhanced abilities. “He just got a sister.” She stated and then after a moment, “It can be a brother though, I won’t mind.”
“You just happened to take a sudden interest in tech?” Harley bombarded her with questions. Anna could sense that he was trying to insinuate something.
Even after they were gone, Tony could feel his heart racing at incredible speeds. He called out for Jarvis. “Jarvis what’s happening?”
“Yeah. That can’t be easy.” Bruce noted and Nat snuggled closer into him. They stayed quiet after that until moments later, Bruce whispered something by her ear.
It was odd. It was strange. It was peculiar. It was down-right weird; Harley being in love. It wasn’t normal and Jacob concluded that he must have been on something or under a spell? He wasn’t sure but he knew the root of the problem and he knew exactly how to fix it.
Just then Friday’s voice came ringing in his ear. “Stephen Strange is at the front gate, Sir.” Oh, right on cue.
It was definitely not whatever. There was something off about Stephen Strange. Steve just hadn’t figured it out yet. Harley went to find breakfast and Steve went to Peter’s room next.
He saw Peter fold his arms but remained quiet. “I don’t want to hear the argument about you turning 18 soon.” Steve spoke up. “I know but I don’t need to see whatever...” He gestured to them. “...was happening here.” Peter huffed.
“You should stay away from men like him.” Maria advised, when in truth, Anna had always done quite the opposite.
“Cooper. Nathaniel. Let’s go.” The other two Barton kids came down soon after with their own bags. Lila groaned and went to get her stuff too.
Sam’s eyes wandered back over to Bucky who was still among the group of mutants and Wakandians. Bucky smiled and waved at him when their eyes met. Sam beckoned him with his eyes and Bucky excused himself from the group.
Stephen could then make out the streak of white hair as Anna leant closer to him, and finally cut his flesh. She had every intention slit his throat and kill him right then and there.
Anna followed Morgan for some time until they were a good distance away from the party. “I know about you and Remy.” Morgan began, careful not to mention that Peter had been the informant. She saw the visible shock on Anna’s face which turned nonchalant in seconds. There was no doubt in Anna’s mind that Peter had talked. Only a very close select few knew about her relationship with Remy.
The judge eyes Tate suspiciously but agrees. This court hearing is for the custody of a baby. She addresses Pepper's claims first. “Miss Potts. That’s quite an allegation.”  Judge Brooks turns to Nova next. “You have proof of this, Miss Caffrey?”
“I don’t know if it’s because you still love him, or you don’t love me...” Stephen drawled on and Tony knew he couldn’t answer that question if Stephen had asked him that while in a conscious state of mind.
“Shuri!” she smiled at seeing Peter. They had met when they were younger than Azari and Winter and kept in contact as much as possible over the years. She had no problem admitting when someone was on the same wavelength as herself and admired Peter’s intellect which was no surprise being Tony Stark’s son. They had shared research in the past. She was even in the process of helping him create a brand new spider suit, as a matter of fact; a kind of iron spider suit. Yet another person who knew he was Spiderman but she had figured it out on her own after years of being friends. Shuri just took one look at footage of him saving people in New York and she stared him dead in the face and said, “I have a few ideas for your suit.” And of course Peter denied it but Shuri reminded him, she wasn’t stupid. She was, after all the head of Wakanda’s Science and Information Exchange and pretty darn good at it.
Just like his brother and sister, he was fully aware of why his parents’ relationship ended but he was always rooting for them to get back together because he knew they still loved each other. Tony and Steve made the decision to never hide anything about the nature of their divorce if they wanted it to go as smoothly as possible. They needed their family to stay intact even if they wouldn’t be together anymore.
“I’m happy knowing our baby isn’t falling deeper into depression. I know that road all too well and I don’t know what I’d do if she went into that dark place.”
Steve returned the smile and wrapped his arm around his daughter’s shoulders and walked down the hall to the elevator. “Sorry honey. Your Uncle Sam caught me first and I didn’t want to wake you if you were still sleeping.”
The caramel–coloured-skin girl grinned, her dark curly hair in two little puffs as her father caught up with her, “How about you go play in your room with your dolls, while papa and daddy talk with Uncle Steve, okay?” as he brushed a little fuzz of her hair out of her face.
“Yes. I just don’t want to talk about it right now.” Tony explained and then he mouthed ‘after’ at him.
“Don’t bullshit me Rogers. I’m bloody rich.” He was gritting his teeth. Steve’s back was towards the lake now and with every word that passed Tony’s lips he was taking a step backwards. “I’ll send you a check. Get rid of it.” And the next thing he knew, Tony gave him a shove and he was falling into the water. Steve sunk under the lake upon impact. He was under for a few seconds and then resurfaced, coughing out water, searching for air and reaching out for the ledge of the dock to pull himself up. Tony was already half way down the dock heading towards his house refusing to spare Steve a second glance.
Tony placed his right palm over his mouth to conceal his shock…or smile, rather? Why was he smiling? Did he...?
The coronation took place later that evening and Harley had to admit he enjoyed his time there. Asgardians really knew how to throw a party. After the celebrations everyone but Torunn and Harley retreated to their rooms for the night. She had to take him to her favourite spot in the palace. It was also the most delightful view.
In the week leading up to Christmas, the Stark Mansion became very busy. The Wakandian royal family and the Bartons were the next two families to arrive following the Asgardians and Tony was happy they passed on any grand entrances that might further wound his front lawn. Then the Banners, the Wilson-Barnes, Pepper’s family and the Rhodes came next. Even Vision and Wanda showed up and that was a rarity because they were forever busy traveling the world.
“I’m on the pill.” She said plainly. Peter nodded. He’d never thought about getting on the pill. It would be a good idea though since he and Wade wanted to go condom-less for their first time. They wouldn’t have to worry about pregnancy so much. It would limit the chances by a lot.
“We would have done it together.” Steve informed him. Like everything else. Tony sighed; guilt was eating at him but he couldn’t change the past. What had happened, had happened and he couldn’t change it. Instead he changed the subject.
“Thank you, your honor.” Tate continued. “Dr. Gonzalez can account to the accuracy of these records.” The attention of Steve’s party and the rest of the court was directed to the doctor mentioned. Steve knew him. He’d seen Dr Gonzales only twice if he remembered correctly and not once had he taken any drugs from him. How much money was he being paid to lie and fabricate medical records? Why was everyone against him?
Tony fired both repulsors at him. He got knocked into a wall, groaning in pain on impact. Tony was ready to end his pathetic life in a heartbeat. This was the man that ruined his entire marriage, his life and caused him so much pain by forcing the man he loved to hurt him. “Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t kill you right now for ruining my life.” He gritted his teeth, pressing a foot firmly onto his ribs.
Morgan managed a laugh between her tears. Her mom always knew how to lighten the mood. “I’m sorry mommy.” She’d take it back if she could. “I’m so sorry.”
“Alright. I know the baby is mine.” He paused. “You wouldn’t have reacted the way you had if it wasn’t.”
Tony tried to push his disappointment aside and went to take Morgan from Steve’s arms. Her face was red and puffy at this point. He kissed her forehead. “Honey, what I’m saying is that I’m too young to be a grandparent.” He was
“Yeah. So be careful please. That person is still out there.” Tony sighed, knowing that not only were he and Steve at risk, Anna might be a target as well. They had no way of knowing how long this person may have been working with Hammer.
Steve, on the other hand, would not falter from the things he’d said before. He wasn’t happy about the situation and he never would be.
Almost eight weeks. Tony took a deep breath. “When –” He cut himself off, afraid to ask but he needed to know. “When did I conceive? What date?”
Harley, Torunn realized. Wherever he was, Nertha was somewhere close by. “And Uncle Loki?” Torunn continued noticing her favorite and only Uncle was nowhere in sight.
“Please marry me.” He finished, retrieving a box from his jacket’s pocket. Inside, as expected, was a ring. It made Tony think back to the day Steve proposed. It made him think of his rings from Steve. They were buried in a box somewhere. It made him think of Steve.
Bucky took in the sight of Steve. He had a large bandage around his neck. He would be able to take that off soon. He had dark circles under his eyes. He hadn’t slept well in days. Every time he closed his eyes, he saw Tony standing over him, choking him. He was losing his mind because Tony was haunting him. His skin was pale. His lips were dry and cracked. He was scared shitless. Bucky and Sam knew it. So they couldn’t…they couldn’t let Steve stay in his apartment by himself. His mind would play trick on him, putting him and SJ in danger or Tony might show up again and try to finish the job. They couldn’t let him be alone. And Bucky hated himself for not being there sooner. Because yes, Steve had survived this, but he wish he could have prevented it in the first place. If only he had drove a little faster or walked a little quicker to Steve’s apartment that night, they wouldn’t be in this situation.
“110%,” Tony corrected. That was comforting. Now they just had to decide what they wanted to do. Should they keep the baby? Were they ready to be parents?
“I know you don’t like me.” Harley understood that Torunn merely tolerated him. There were no romantic feelings there. “But I think if we got to spend more time together before the wedding.” That was drawing so close, less than three months away. “Then you might see that I’m not so bad, Princess.”
Wade stuck his hand out. “I’m Wade, Mr Rogers.” Steve stared down at his scarred hand. Tony nudged him, reminding him it was his idea to
“No problem.” Steve watched Tony walk away, only to see him interacting with Strange thereafter. Steve hadn’t realized he was there too. He found Sam sitting at a table by himself after Bucky had just left with Winter to go find a bathroom inside.
“It’s probably morning sickness.” Carol explained. Wanda would have never thought that. “That’s every pregnant person’s excuse when they’ve just discovered they’re pregnant and they’re not ready to let everyone know yet.” She clarified.
“It just looks really suspicious, Nat.” Bruce explained. “I can’t confirm for sure where you were that night.”
Tony smiled down at the text as he got out of his car. Lunch with Steve would be nice, but he was currently crossing the parking lot to enter the doctor’s office. It was only two days after Harley’s wedding, June 12, and though it had brought more drama to his life, Tony discovered he’d neglected reminders for a doctor’s appointment he made weeks in advance. Weeks ago, when he was still with Stephen. He would have cancelled had he recalled for he no longer had the desire to find out if he had any eggs left at this age. He never wanted anymore kids and he only did it for Stephen.
“He just happens to be almost 30.” Tony said calmly. Harley and Morgan already knew of Wade. They just didn’t know he was pushing 30.
“You can call us by our names, that’s fine.” Tony promised her. She could do whatever she was comfortable with. They could be Tony and Steve or Mom and Dad, whichever she chose would be okay with them. They were just happy to have her there with them.
And Harley passed the information along to his dad. He was probably struggling to use the internet now to find out who he was. Steve was really old-fashioned and hence not very tech-savvy which was weird considering he had lived with Tony Stark for years and had 3 super smart kids.
Peter mentally thanked Michelle for covering for him. “I think I ate too much.” He lied. “I already went to the bathroom already.” Because that would sell his story.
Harley and Torunn were always busy as well but still found time for each other. Harley focused on S.I. and Torunn started a business of her own in wedding planning with her Uncle Loki. Their business expanded to the realms of Asgard as well where Torunn often travelled for any crucial Asgardian duties on her part.
“It’s not important.” Remy tried again, rising from the bed to cast his coat aside. She lay back on her elbows, as he shed his shirt next. Anna pulled her dress up to her thighs and Remy settled between them. They kissed and he reached a hand under her dress, grunting with approval when he brushed against her naked and already wet folds. Anna bit on his lip, inviting him into her. A single finger slipped into her core and Anna moaned into his mouth.
Steve rolled his eyes. “I just want at least one of my kids to turn out good.” Morgan and Harley were offended. Steve wondered what his daughter with Sharon would end up being like.
After a beat, Peter finally fessed up. “You know that guy who swings around, saving people, in that red and blue suit?”
“Tony,” he began. “I love everything about you. Every. Single. Thing.” And he kissed Tony’s navel, briefly addressing the scar from his horrible shooting incident.
Lila twisted up her mouth at that. “Your father is literally so hot.” She added, before sticking a lollipop into her mouth and sucking on it slowly. Amelia chucked a pillow at her. No one had even seen when or where Lila got the piece of candy from.
“Oh, that sounds awesome.” Jaime explained, sounding genuinely excited for any social gathering. Morgan then gave him more details about the party and even suggesting he bring Lila Barton as his plus one, considering he was dating her and despite the fact that they weren’t that close as friends anymore. And that’s when Nathan joined them again.
“Is it June now? Has it been fixed?” she asked of him. Loki nodded. Sif, Thor, Tony and Steve had decided on June for a beautiful summer wedding in Asgard no doubt. Torunn sighed, focusing on the conversation at hand.
“Thank you Wade.” It was such a sweet gesture and Peter felt bad he hadn’t gotten anything for him in return. “Am I ever gonna see your face?” They were silent for a moment before Wade gave a nod. Peter realized he wanted him to remove his mask right now. He pulled the mask off seeing his distorted skin for the first time. He saw in his eyes that he was desperately awaiting his reaction but Peter just smiled.
Tony cut him off when he joined them on the balcony. “You can stay Wade.” And Wade’s face lit up while Steve’s painted a picture of concern. “Just please be good to Peter.” Tony added, wearily.
“I know some people that could maybe work on diminishing -” Tony stopped himself. That wasn't the right word. “- neutralizing your powers. Temporarily.” He didn't want to take them away. It was a gift and could really come in handy for her own protection, should she need it.
Tony and Bucky were the only two people Steve had ever shared this with. After he got injected with the Super Soldier Serum, Peggy Carter took advantage of him. She was evil and manipulative. She hadn’t taken a proper look at him until he stepped out of the pod, his muscles all newly defined and on full display. She couldn’t resist touching him and very soon she was using him to fulfil her sexual desires and Steve had no say in it. He was supposed to listen to her; do as she said. He didn’t have a say in it but then he met Tony and he didn’t want to be a part of that anymore.
“Yeah. It’s my parents I’m most concerned about.” Morgan answered. Her mother and father had sat her and Peter down and had Harley on video call and told them about Justin Hammer’s involvement in their life. Now they knew Aunt Nat and their father’s affair wasn’t of their own free will; their father wasn’t the father of Sharon’s baby and that there was a possibility that Paige, their sister might still be out there.
And then Tony was smiling at him and the last thing he heard was “He’s so perfect. Thank you” before, everything went black for him.
Steve found Tony sleeping in the living room on one of the sofas. Morgan was curled up on top of him with a blanket draped over them and Harley was sprawled out on another sofa sound asleep.
“Cmere,” the genius implored, waving him over from his position across the workbench, gauntlet encasing his hand and forearm.
The elevator came to a gradual stop and both Tony and Steve filed out and split off to opposite sides of the ring, both getting themselves together. Steve changed into some loose shorts and a white t-shirt, quickly pulling the cotton shirt over his head before gazing at the inventor across the way. He watched with bated breath as Tony clenched his fists and gauntlets folded out like water on sand, creeping up his arms and wrapping securely around each one of his fingers. As the titanium alloy crawled its way up the tan forearms, it didn’t stop, continuing its assent and wrapping around his shoulders before encasing his sternum, stomach and thighs. The Captain couldn’t help but lick his parted lips as he watched the suit systematically encase every part of Tony’s body, eventually down to his feet.
Tony rolled his eyes, “Like I haven’t fantasized about making sweet love to you in my Iron Man suit. This way I was able to get a whole different perspective.”
“Tony, stop…” Steve gasped. He didn’t know if he should move and let Tony see his hard on or try to calm down while he sat on Iron Man –
The Captain had never felt so many conflicting feelings in his life. The smooth metal of one hand trailing gently down his sides, while the warmed metal of the other fucked into him. Sometimes achingly slow, and other times brutally, inhumanly fast, putting Steve’s super soldier body to the test to see just how much his prostate could take. He had keened and risen off the table like a bow drawn tight, part of him fighting to get away while the other half pleaded for more. So many times, Steve had been
It was torture in the sweetest form, driving him crazy yet making him long to see the top of that hill
Steve sighed despondently, setting his sketchbook face down on the couch before standing up and slowly making his way over to the inventor. “Yes?” He asked tentatively.
The genius simply grabbed at his ass harder, having quite a lethal grip with the gauntlets on, while Steve groaned and moved his hips both against the hot pelvis under him and into the metal hands holding him. The strong hands held him more firmly then any human pair ever could, and it sent a whole new feeling coursing through the Captains body.
Tony took his other hand and slipped his fingers under Steve’s shorts, swiftly pulling them down until his cock was free, standing tall and proud. The gauntlet wrapped itself around his shaft, lightly at first, warm thumb just rubbing against the skin, causing him to moan breathlessly, then tightening and dragging upwards, pushing Steve’s foreskin over the head, before dragged his hand back down, pulling the skin downwards and revealing a soft, pink head. Steve shivered as the air hit his exposed head, and gasped when Tony ran his plated thumb against the slit. Steve let go of any reservations he had left and thrust unashamedly into the hand, hips now moving erratically as he raced towards his orgasm.
,” Tony repeated with more emphasis, grabbing Steve’s wrist with his non armored hand and placing the blonde’s hand on the gauntlet. Steve bit the inside of his cheek and hesitated before gently pressing his hand fully onto the armor, feeling the lines between the plates under his palm. He could sense Tony watching him intently as he slipped his fingers downwards toward the repulsor, admiring slowly, appreciatively. Steve didn’t know what the genius was getting out of this – satisfaction perhaps? Just trying to show off? – but he found he didn’t much care. The Captain had been fantasizing far too long about what the metal felt like, what that power under his fingertips would truly feel like...
“Come on,” he groaned out through his teeth while slamming his hand onto the table, causing it to creak and tremble beneath him.
“Oh yeah,” Tony drawled with a smirk. “Nothing too fancy, but she does hit harder and the hand to hand combat sequences are much more proficient. Been thinking I need to up my game on the ground, and this’ll definitely do it.”
Steve instantly breathed out a yes, before he could really even think about it. Tony always had a way of mucking up his brain like that. It was almost instinctual. Instinctual to trust this man with the deepest, most intimate parts of him. To let the most unpredictable person hold his reigns while he was fucked by his most dangerous weapon. Oh yes, Tony mucked with his mind alright.
Seeing him coming close, Tony planted his feet more securely and thrust his hips up harder.  A heavy hand then left Steve’s ass and came up to cup the back of his head, drawing his further into his shoulder, holding him there, tight and safe as Iron Man rocked back into him.
“Take us to the gym, JARVIS!” He said aloud, and instantly the elevator began making its decent downwards, despite Steve’s mind raging that he needed to get out and hide.
How do you fight the latest swarm of bad guys when Iron Man is above you, twisting elegantly in the air as its repulsors take out enemies from above, or in front of you giving you a hand, metal gleaming in the sunlight and mechanics speaking so beautifully? Steve hadn’t quite figured it out. He still remembered quite vividly that one time…
The suit was relentless, pounding into him at a methodical yet rapid pace that had a strangled moan finally escaping the Captains parted lips. With every thrust, his aching, trapped dick was grinded into the table beneath him, creating a full friction massage that left him panting and whining; wanting more but less, enough but not too much.
“Me? Your ridiculous,” Tony countered, “Still can’t do dirty talk after being bent over by a robot for two hours.”
The genius seemed stunned for a second, but quickly regained is roguish smirk. “Well if you think that’s gorgeous, just wait until you see the whole set. I think you’ll find that its upgraded with a little more than just a cool magic trick.”
Steve went along with his day. He called Tony at lunch, the man sounded fine. He had lunch with Nat and worked out. It seemed like a good day.
“Save your tears.” Tony didn’t even know that he was crying, but he could feel those hot tears come down harder. Steve was going to kill him, his love was gonna kill him, because he wasn’t good enough. Tony knew he would never be good enough. He squeezed his eyes shut.
“What’s going on Tony? What happened, are you okay? Do I need to get the team or something, we can com-“
But it was very exact and looked like a real park. It was beautiful and he didn’t think Tony was capable of something like his. But Tony was an engineer and did have to draw blueprints once a upon a time. He had to be steady with his hands when working in the lab. So all of that kinda applied to painting, when you thought about it. Tony was already amazing at engineering so he had to be even better at this.
Oh gosh, Steve was getting closer. This man was going to kill him, Tony just knew it. He needed to get away but the room was shrinking. There wasn’t anywhere to run; Steve would find him anyway. And there he was, thinking that Steve loved him or even thought the world of him. But Steve hated him. Tony knew Steve hated him since the beginning and Steve tricked him into lying to himself.
“Stay. I just. . . don’twanna to be alone.” His words slurred together because of the sleep. Steve froze. Was his prayers just answered? Was there a god out their actually listening to his, his selfish prayers? It was just too good to be true.
It took a while for Steve to find Tony, under the pile of blankets on the bed. Only his face was poking out which was covered by his flop of curly hair.
Tony turned and scooted away but was pulled back in by Steve’s arm around his waist, but this time closer than before. Tony was basically being spooned! By Captain America no less!
“Everything great Steve, don’t worry about it. I’ll be home late.” Tony didn’t even lock eyes. His voice was empty of emotion. Tony walked over, gave Steve a quick peck in the cheek, then left.
Tony wished he would just go and let him wallow in his sadness. Not stand here and push on and ask questions of “why” and “how do you know”. Tony just knew it wouldn’t work, it was him, and he wasn’t ready to put his heart out their like that again. The man didn’t want to go home and try to glue those two heart pieces together only for it to be broken again.
“Stay there. I’m coming to get you, okay.” He heard Tony move through the phone, probably just nodding. His breathing was hitched and unsteady, as if he was about to die.
Steve took a deep breath, “We can be whatever you want.” He said calmly. There was no change in his face, just calm. No smile, no smug face, no heated cheeks.
“Can’t seem to resist a pretty face huh?” Tony spoke suddenly, pressing on the last bandage. Their heads both leaned over to look at the hand, almost touching.
“Why date when you can spend the night with me watching shitty TV and drinking?” She smiled as she snuggled close to man.
“And what would we win?” Steve sighed. This was stupid, and he knew that, but it seemed worth a try. Tony just confused Steve to a point that it was impossible to be near him. They always fought over something stupid or the fight the team had, but it was horrible. After each fight Tony would disappear for a few days and no one would see him. Steve had no idea what he was going during those disappearing acts but he wanted it to end.
“I’m going to take one of your cars okay! I’ll won’t be long.” He told Tony, rushing into the garage.
“It’s none of your business, arrows. Where you’ve even here about that?” Tony walked over to Nat with his face scrunched up.
The whole night was a roller coaster. Their whole . . . whatever is was, was crazy as well. Late night kisses goodnight and make out sessions in utility closets meant something! The flirty comments and those eyes had to mean something. That night meant something.
That was Tony’s room. And she wouldn’t tell a soul about this. It was secret and open. Natasha didn’t know if she would be coming back, but she would make sure no one knew about it. She would respect this boundary.
Forgetting that all this ever happened might be what Tony had to do. He could act like this never happened. The man had been acting all his life, it would be easy. He could wipe those feelings away and that kiss. Ghey could both do it.
“I’m good. As fine as I can be, Nat. How about we leave and get ice cream or something, it’s getting a bit too depressing in here.” He said popping up, giving her his hand.
“In here, what did a miss? Your going to have to give me. . . a bit more information Cap.” It took Tony a bit of time to catch his breath. Steve couldn’t see the clear confusion in his eyes and that small glimpse of panic. No, he wouldn’t see it.
Tony peered to look at him. Thor could see the flash of disbelief in his eyes and how it took Tony a bit of time to actually assure that he was being truthful. Then Tony’s brown eyes sparked in delight.
“Ummm- it was fine. Just press and all. How’s the team?” There was yawn, and Steve’s heart swelled. Gosh, he missed everything about Tony that he could just picture that yawn clearly. So clearly. These two days had be torture, just straight up torture. But Tony would be back that night, and Steve would be able to smother him with love. The man would not leave Steve’s sight for a least a day. All Steve had to was wait.
“Everyones movie night choice. Since Bruce isn’t here, that’s four movies night for one of us to pick. Pretty good prize huh?” Clint answered with a smirk.
If he was sick, he would want someone to there to take care of him. Someone to make him soup or fluff his pillows. Someone that he can just be with.
Who would be up at 3 am? Nothing fun happens at 3. Steve learned that after 1, things start calming down and there’s no reason to be out past 2. Remembering this fact, Steve became a bit annoyed at someone ruining his beauty sleep. Without it the captain was a mess and cranky, just ask the rest of the team.
Everyone took part except Bruce. Thor could be having a difficult time for his disability to be subtle but he was ready to compete.
With his workout already done, Steve was off the Shield to do paperwork that the others had bribed him to do- 50$ bucks each. It was painstakingly long, Steve finishing at lunch.
Steve couldn’t keep doing that! Tony’s hands turned into a fist under the covers as Steve continued to give soft kisses up and down his neck. The brunette glaze became watery as he tried not to react. He did want to do anything he’ll regret like kiss back or hold the mans hands. He had to stay unresponsive. Show that this wasn’t going to work. Then he could leave swiftly and form a new clear start.
He needed to stop crying. God he needed to stop crying and stop thinking and stop existing. Everything would be easier if he was gone. Not dead but just gone. Then maybe his heart wouldn’t be ripping to pieces because of Steve.
“Oh she was. My mother, Frigga, taught Loki his skill and everything you humans in earth would call magic. She even made it her goal to be the bested dresses for she was queen.” Thor grew more nostalgic as he explained. He hasn’t been to Asgard since returning Loki for his punishment and that was months ago, almost a full year. Thor missed his mother’s soft glance at him and his fathers smirk. Hell, he’ll even admit he missed his brother and his tricks. But he couldn’t go back or the nagging would start. His family was famous for their nagging.
He wasn’t going to be scared. He was just going to walk and see where he would land. “I’m an Avenger, this is part of the job” Tony thought.   He would be okay as long as he kept moving.
This wasn’t one of their easy come easy to arguments, this was serious. If they couldn’t count on each other to be there, then what team are they?
She could have found out about it herself, everyone knew she could, but Natasha thought they were friends enough for her to know about his life without sneaking. The redhead hadn’t sneaked he was dying of poison, not counting the planetarium. That was a discovery.
“What do you mean?” Steve raised his hand to cup Tony’s check but drew it back quickly. Tony just knew Steve’s hand was supposed to be there. But he didn’t deserve Steve, he never would. It was better for Steve not to touch him- then the feelings will stop and everything will stop! They would stop thinking that they were meant to be.
The lump in Tony’s throat was coming back. His eyes were becoming wet again. His breaths started to become deeper. It felt like an anxiety attack, Tony knew the feeling by heart. His flight instinct was telling him to go go go but he couldn’t. Tony didn’t want to admit it.
Now Clint realized why he didn’t hang out with the team or go to the movie nights. It was quite simple now that he thought about it, but also quite eye opening. Clint would have never guessed Tony got like this around people but he had fallen for the façade disguising a deeper struggle. Which gave a reason as to why Happy had tried to hype him up before leaving or whenever Rhodey showed up Tony was all smiles.
“We don’t need to have a fight. Let’s settle this properly.” He glanced around at his family. Before they were escorted out of the ball room and into a sitting room nearby as requested by Steve to Thor. Sif ended the reception right there and all the remaining guests left.
Morgan wiped her tears and smiled. “Enough about me. What’s been going on with you two?” She needed a change of subject.
“Crazy Lila Barton?” Jacob laughed just as much as Harley had seconds ago. “I wouldn’t even tell my enemy to date her and she isn’t single.” He paused. Harley stayed quiet, allowing him to continue. He wondered who manged to put up with her craziness. “She’s dating Kozlov.” Jaime Kozlov, Natasha’s nephew. “He’s her latest obsession. Amelia use to say she just has an obsession with blue eyes. Eyes that look like yours.” She clearly had a type.
“We’re way pass that. I’m not trying to get Tony back.” Justin informed her. His eyes had darkened. “I was ruined because of him.” According to Justin, after they’d broken up, Tony humiliated him and his company, Hammer Industries suffered in the long run. He’d lost everything because of Tony. He wanted revenge. “I’m going to take everything he loves and burn it to the ground. I want him to suffer the way I did.” He explained.
Carol halted her actions and faced her husband, “No. I was with Valkyrie.” She answered truthfully. Carol had been spending an enormous amount of time with Valkyrie following Tony’s Christmas party last year; 3 months ago.
He wanted to get rid of it like he knew Steve would want him to, but he settled with, “I have to think about it.”
“We’ve been together for almost 4 years. We haven’t failed yet.” Bruce reminded her. It wouldn’t be the worst thing if they got married. He just didn’t understand why Nat would associate marriage with divorce.
“Cause we’re family. And we don’t get to choose our family.” Bucky added, passing a plate to Steve and setting one on either side of him for himself and Sam.
Morgan and Peter gave her a look of betrayal, but Tony smiled. His older three were always so nosey and Tony wondered if that was his and Steve's fault for always including them in their own drama or something else. Either way, Anna was starting to become his favourite child. “Thank you.” he said.
“When?” He questioned. He needed to know. He didn’t want to. It wouldn’t make the pain, hurt or heartache go away, but he needed to know.
Whom had gone on to join the X-men to use her powers for good and found a girlfriend in Michelle Jones. The couple couldn’t be happier.
“So, you don’t want to do the egg count?” She asked, when he casually stated he didn’t want to do the thing he had made the appointment for.
Wade obeyed, pushing pass the resistance and sheathing his cock with Peter’s once-virgin walls. Peter screamed out, never imagining, sex would hurt so much, and Wade drew closer to his face, kissing his cheeks to try and sooth him. “Do you want me to stop?”
Harley broke first, his arms still folded over his chest. “I thought your baby-making days were over... Like aren’t you guys a little too old to be having a baby?” Tony almost took offence, but he knew this line of questioning was coming. It had been a surprise after all and before Tony could explain that, Steve dished out a stern look at their eldest. Harley quickly realized he was being a little too forward and started to apologize.
Also Remy & Anna are married in the comics and are literally the hottest couple 💕 (this version just happens to have a horribly large age difference. Yikes!)
Morgan caught on to Amelia’s heart eyes as did Torunn. “Is she okay?” Torunn asked sincerely. Amelia was frozen, lost in her memories.
Nertha joined the rest of the Asgardian royal family for dinner. Thor sat at the head of the table with Sif by his side. Her belly was hard to miss now, under her royal robes being 7 months along. Hela was across from her and Nertha sat next to her. Loki was missing per usual and more recently, Valkyrie.
“We should have saw this coming.” Carol told her. “She spends so much time with Steve. We never see her with anyone else.”
“It’s not necessary. We don’t need a piece of paper to show our love. We don’t need society telling us how to live.” She leaned forward and placed a kiss on his lips. They just needed each other and not anyone else’s opinions or views.
“No. It’s really quiet tonight –” Peter began before his spider senses went off and he felt a presence behind him. He turned around and came face to face or rather; face to crotch - with some guy in a red and black suit. “Well, hello to you too but my eyes are up here” the guy sang, looking down at Peter.
. In all honesty, however, Tony never wanted to step foot in that house again after he got his mother out of there. There were too many bad memories there. She had stayed with Howard for all those years enduring his abuse, with the hopes of giving Tony a proper and stable family home. In the end though, it did more harm than good but he would never tell her that.
Anna spoke up, breaking the staring contest between her parents. “Mom wanted me to do it.” Anna stated, completely unfazed and a smug smile brightening her face.
After that, he let Tony get some rest while he tended to their kids. He owed him that. But not before kissing him like his life depended on it. “I love you.” He reminded him.
“I’m keeping my name.” Tony informed him. “Well, I’m dropping Rogers.” He had to clarify. It had taken him over two years since the official divorce to even consider changing his name back. It was taking him getting married again to change it, otherwise, he’d be staying a Rogers. He’d be Tony Stark again. Not Tony Stark-Rogers anymore.
“How about I draw us a bath, huh.” Steve ran his fingers down Tony’s arm, getting a light but firm grip on his wrist and started to pull the man off the couch. Tony face didn’t change, still that ongoing sadness the man had since that morning, but he stumbled towards Steve, fingers curling into a fist.
But Steve kept talking. He talked about the many times he had gotten his ass handled to him, his adventures in New York before he froze; they were all very happy. Steve could hear Tony’s heartbeat slowing down and his breaths becoming longer. The stories were working. Tony soon closed his eyes.
They got off on Tony’s floor and Steve had to pick him bridal style before he tripped and hurt himself.
“And what do you want me to do?” Bruce grew more enticed when Tony’s name was mentioned. First, because Tony was his friend and secondly, because he was the ref in their contest. It was exciting watching his teammates fight over Tony over the last week, especially when Tony was obvious to it all. It was hilarious.
Suddenly Tony felt Steve’s lips crash into his, so quick and smooth. His face soon relaxed into the kiss, wishing for more as Steve wrapped his arm around his waist. It felt good. It was good. Finally Steve pulled away and moved his hand to hold Tony’s face. They stared into each other eyes; Tony mind raced to the thought Steve was going to take everything that he said back and his fear spiked. If Steve would take all that back, after that kiss, Tony wouldn’t survive it.
“ Umm Yes,” Stark said shakily, “ Yes, we’ll be ready. You ought to talk with my CEO, Pepper Potts, who helps with the initiative and clean up.” He said a bit firmer and began to lead the Senator towards Pepper.
Early that morning, Steve woke up to an empty bed. The coldness ate at his heart as he patted the bed for whatever was supposed to be there. Tony just up and left, didn’t he? That’s all Steve would think, Tony left or he wasn’t enough. Steve sat up in the bed, wrapping the comforter around himself and looked around.
You couldn’t get stars like this in New York, and these are as clear as day. Tony had built himself a planetarium. But why?
“Because it’s the truth. Everyone knows it.” Steve was arms distance away. “No one wants to be with a murder. Especially one like you. Everyone hates you; I hate you. You even hate yourself. Stop being a fucking kid and wake up.” Tony could see the rage in Steve’s face. And he understood.
“Is that what you think of yourself? I'm sorry to disappoint you but your not a disappointment. I’m better when I’m with you. You just make people better! You are all I want, anyone would want you, you hear me. Look at me, okay, I’m serious! You bring out the best out of everyone Tony. ” Steve stared into Tony’s eyes.
They had barely won that battle against doom without Iron Man, resulting in Clint being injured. If only Tony was there to catch him, like Steve ordered, but no.
What the hell was happening? Tony didn’t even remember why he was here and now he’s being showered with warmth from the Captain. This- this was insane.
At dinner the iPad was fixed and everything was back to normal, as if Tony decided to forgot all about the sexual tension in the room. But Steve was ok with that, for he remembered and he wouldn’t forget that moment. And he knew Tony wouldn’t forget that.
“You did in ma’ dream. Well kinda.” Steve froze at those words. The dream was about him, that’s why Tony was here. And he said that!? That Tony was evil? Steve’s mouth hanged agape; he knew we wasnt accountable for dream Steve’s words but that was downright mean! What else did Dream Steve do? Would he even say that to anyone in real life?
Steve moves towards his boyfriend, the comforter still wrapped around his shoulders, taking small steps. He sat next behind the man and slowly started to caress Tony’s waist. The man was cold to the touch, it was so foreign, so weird.  Tony was always warm, always, it didn’t make sense. Everything was fine yesterday, Tony was fine. Nothing happened during the night, nothing Steve knew about, and yesterday was good. Better than good, actually.
Tony signed deeply. Of course he wasn’t going to tell. Steve didn’t know why he expected much from the man, it never ended up the way he wanted. He pulled from the Tonys grip and walked towards the door. He didn’t know why he even wasted his time.
He could see how Tony longed for some type of reassurance. How Tony would fumble with the glass in his hand and crowd around Pepper and him. The constant fear of what he actions could cause. How people would chew and spit him out.
“Gee thanks, but let’s get you to bed and we’ll talk more about my muscles tomorrow.” Steve kicked them door open and reached to move the covers. He placed Tony on the bed to remove his shoes and jacket.
Steve saw the red embarrassment rise to Tony’s ears. “Sorry” was all Tony whispered. He didn’t know why Tony was embarrassed, it was just them, his team. He thought they had just a little bit of trust between the man.
If you do me this favor, I might not hover over you as much when your with Tony. Watch out for him today, okay.
He was there for hours it seemed, messing around or rather destroying tech. Every time he came up from the lab for a snack or something, he would catch Steve staring. He didn’t even try to hide it, those piercing blue eyes making a whole in Tony’s back. It just made him squirmy under those eyes.
“Quite wonderful isn’t it.” He answered glancing up at the white chandeliers and people mingling behind them, “I hope the other Avengers are doing fine and rested after the attack.”
A ‘no’ was on the tips of Tony’s lips, just waiting to come out. To tell her that he needed help or what was actually going on. She could feel how much Tony needed to tell someone about what was happening. Whatever it was happening.
His eyes watered threatening to drop those big puddles as he tried to keep it together. At least so he wouldn’t cry in front of Tony. Steve stormed out the room, slamming the door rather harshly.
Steve with his blue eyes staring right back at him. The man was trying to hide a smile, pressing his lips together but the tips still pointing upwards. Gosh Steve was smiling at him.
“ That’s it. Your amazing Steve, really.” Tony thanked the blonde. This was the first time he had called Steve by his name, not Cap or Rogers or Capsicle. He liked the way Tony said his name, so nice and slow.
Asking Jarvis wouldn’t be a problem.  Maybe it would help him feel better about his outbursts at Tony. Maybe it would justify that he was right in yelling at tony.
Tony couldn’t look into those eyes. If he did he would fall in love again and say “yes I’ll date you” then kiss the hell out of Steve. And god forbid he did because it never ends well. Tony could see himself at end of whatever it was going to be between them and it was the end of a bottle. There wasn’t going to be a ring or kids or undying love, but Tony and many empty bottles as tried to put his heart back together. He didn’t want to go through that again.
“It’s okay Thor. The scarf was old anyway, it wasn’t that important anyway. I’m . . . gonna go check on Steve or something.” Tony quickly retreated from the room, taking the dusty boxes with him.
He pushed the thought out of his mind as he exited the hotel room, hoping that no would see him. The red face and the blotchy eyes; he looked a mess. God, he hoped no one was out there or his life will be ruined. The media could tear him apart if they got a picture of him looking like this.
He told Tony not to worry while his increased quickly, like a hypocrite. Steve had never heard Tony sound like that, so soft and scared. And Tony had never asked Steve for help like this, he barely even spent time with Steve. It didn’t make any senses The Captain had a good reason to be worried, but he wasn’t going to make Tony worried about calling him or make him think that Steve wouldn’t be there to help him.
“For lying.” He averted his eyes away from Steve’s. Tony didn’t know why he said that. He could have said for making Steve cry or yelling at him. He could has said he was sorry for those harsh words he spit out. But he said he was sorry for lying. Gosh, he could confuse himself without even trying.
Steve just didn’t want this to become a routine. Seeing Tony limp around the tower, avoiding him with fake smiles and hiding his pain, that wouldn’t become a routine.
“I have other responsibilities than just this team Rogers. So I missed one fight, I didn’t know about it. You still took care of it right, it’s not the end of the world!” Tony shot back, voice raising. He began to leen on the door frame, trying his best to mask his sickness.
Steve waited for the answer, his heart pounding out of his chest, just waiting for an answer! He was scared out of his mind, and maybe he shouldn’t have done that, but the damage was done.
“Ok,“ said Clint, his voice raising in excitement, “we have a whole week to learn as much about Tony as we can. But nothing we already know counts, so no cheating. And you can’t ask Jarvis. Whoever learns the most wins.”
Steve eyes glanced at Tony while the man finished the last touches on his hand. God, he just wanted to remember his face this close up. He wanted to work out the last details of his face before he cut the last string. Before he let Tony go.
Steve watched as Tony removed himself from his grip, making his way to bath and getting started with the day. Tony didn’t even bitch about his morning kiss or the unmade bed. Although how much Steve would say to anyone who asked about how much it got on his nerves, he still wouldn’t want to go a day without it.
Finding Steve’s room wasn’t very hard- Tony did map out the whole tower- but the darkness did make him a bit confused. Although it was better than that blinding white light. Way much better. One hand stayed on the wall, drawing tiny waves while the other wrapped around his stomach. God he still felt like he was going to be sick and he couldn’t shake that off. He could shake off the tears and the sobs and the tremors; but not the feeling like he was going to die.
“I want you to be happy. And you can’t do that if your thinking all those evil things about yourself Tony. I’ll still be here when you’re ready.”
Steve scoffed and let go of Tony’s hand. He was probably disappointed that I’m a fucking coward, popped up in his mind. Why could he get those words out? I want to be with you or I love you or I want you! It was like he just lost his voice when trying to say those god forbidden words. Tony remembered the word for it, alexithymia, and how badly it sucked.
Steve loved the idea of Tony in his bed. But not heartbroken and sadness. Not like this. Not shaking and holding on to himself. Not when his heart was beating so fast. Tony didn’t seem comfortable or even shy anymore.
His phone rang with the daily good morning good night call. The screen read ‘baby boy’ and Steve smiled in remembrance. He changed it one morning when they woke up and Tony didn’t get a good morning kiss that day. What had somehow became a ritual that Steve failed notice. The man was quietly upset at Steve although not voicing it, but Steve could tell from the scrunched up nose every time Tony looked his way. It was silly but sweet that something as tiny as this got Tony all riled up. Steve remembered calling him needy, like a baby as he kissed around Tony’s neck that night. Tony denied it but since then it stuck. Tony was his baby boy forever.
“Clint fell down the steps yesterday.” the response was manly giggles, and Steve could see Tony’s smile, “ And Thor and Bruce did some elephant putty thing, I don’t know what it is, but they ruined a whole floor. They saved that for you to figure out.”
The blonde knew it was a nightmare. It has to be with how quick Tony shut that idea down. But not about Afghanistan because Tony wouldn’t be here but in the lab tinkering at a suit. It couldn’t be about New York because Tony wouldn’t even be in the tower but on the roof somewhere looking at stars. Steve has caught in each of those moments but nothing like this had ever happened.
“No ones going to look at your socks. And you hair looks fine, just trust me.” Pepper gave him a small smile, trying to get Tony to believe her. She then pulled away but still held his hand, leading him towards the elevator. He looked like a child scared to go to his first day of school. It was wild.  Clint knew Tony couldn’t be freaking out this bad. He had been during this since he became CEO! No, Tony had been doing this his whole life. Clint just had no idea what was going on. He just knew Tony couldn’t be freaking out that badly.
Tony gave a small smile, something very soft and trusting, before answering, “Sure, it’s getting late anyway, I guess for a grandpa. Let me get Pepper.” And he was off.
Steve thought Tony had stopped drinking long ago, about right after the battle of New York. That was a few months ago but being sober was hard goal to keep, Steve had admit. He wasn’t mad or disappointed.
Steve answered the phone, putting it on speaker. The morning sun shined through the window as Steve made the bed, something he hated to do that Tony would always do once they hopped out the bed together. His room, no their room, would be a mess if it was up to Steve. Tony would be making him clean up right now if he was here, being as chirpy as ever.
“You want me to teach you to sing? Well, I don’t know Thor, I’m not that good you know. I’m not a professional singer and stuff, I think you would do better if Nat or Rogers taught you.” Tony rambled, fidgeting with his fingers.
Steve turned back to his boyfriend, partner as Tony would say, tear tracks still visible on his face. Tony looked small, well he always looked small, but now he incredibly small. Like a small kitten, a new born. Steve started to undress the man taking off the wet dirty tracksuit, starting with the hoodie. Tony moves his limbs making it easily for Steve, but never looking in his eyes. Steve rubbed his arms, feeling Tony’s muscles tense. His arms were soft but stiff. Steve loved touching Tony, sexual-nonsexual, he didn’t care. It was Tony.
“Your eyes are beautiful too, did you know that?” Steve thought he was pushing it with the flirting but he couldn’t stop. Tony face started to grow red in clear embarrassment as he tried to hide a smile by biting his lips.
Steve watched Tony finally look at him, noticing the fierceness in his eyes and how he held himself up taller.
Steve picked him up by his waist- Tony was weightless- and sat him on the sink counter before going to run the water on extra hot with the bubbly expensive wash, just the way Tony liked it.
But Tony liked it. God, he liked it so much that he never wanted to leave that bed. He never wanted Steve’s arms to leave from his waist; he never wanted Steve to leave his side. He didn’t want their legs to become untangled. Tony wanted Steve!
But he wasn’t here to rethink his life choices. He was here to see Steve and maybe calm down. Tony knew Steve would make it better, the man made everything better. Tony realized he might be sounding like a kid in need of comfort, but he wasn’t. He was fact checking to make sure he wasn’t wasting his time trying to change.
He didn’t get a another response after that. The captain waited a bit, about to knock again when he was granted entry.
But he continued on towards the hallway, maybe he would see things that actually represented Tony. The doors were mostly closed, but the ones that were open were guest rooms. Maybe for Rhodey when he stayed? Or Happy? Or anyone he liked?
Something important but probably wouldn’t count in the contest. Everyone knew that. Everyone had been sneaked up on by Tony at least once, even Natasha.
Tony remembered how perfectly his face fit in the crook of Steve’s neck and how good it felt, even if he was drunk. It felt as if he belonged there. But he didn’t, he never would fit anywhere with Steve. Not in his arms, not by his side, and especially not in Steve’s heart.
Steve ignored it. Tony said he was okay so he way okay. Steve trusted his boyfriend. He would call later but he was going to give Tony some space. It was the least he could do.
It was dark. A navy blue dark like when your in the woods driving home and could see the hazy outline of trees as they passed. And you try to find the houses that are smooshed in the middle of trees. Then you would play with the lights that shined in your car because sleep took you. That sense of peace was all over the room.
Clint arrived at the bar, ordered a shot of whiskey and watched the party. To be honest it was boring, just rich people chatting around trying to promote something to make more money. It didn’t seem like his or Tony’s scene. He was ready to go. Next time, Natasha could go or even Thor, just not him.
“Yeah sure. That’s not gonna stop me from feeling like a little bitch, Steve.” Tony mumbled through the tears.
Steve didn’t have time for the jokes or the teasing or Tony’s pretty face or the universe deciding to have a field day with his life! As if it hadn’t been doing that since the beginning! Tony’s here, right up in his face, being soft and caring and his perfect self. He was so close but Steve couldn’t even touch him -he couldn’t even look at him. The universe had made the rules loud and clear, Tony Stark was off limits, and was now testing Steve to see if he would break them.
He traveled up the tower to Steve floor; trying his best to calm down. The man was still in flight mode, ready to run from anything and everything.
Tony dropped to the floor, tears running down his cheeks. Why did Steve do that, he thought, does he want to hurt him? No one wanted a relationship with him, no one could deal with him, and it didn’t help his heart when he was being teased.
What was most weird was that he could actually breathe. There wasn’t a light blue glowing out of his chest, there wasn’t even a scar. It didn’t make sense. Tony kinda wished it was back, he had grown too fond of it. It felt weird without it.
At the end of the night, around midnight, Steve finally saw Tony again. He was sitting on the couch, crying. His suit was dirty with mud on the knees, and soaked. His hair had fallen down to his ears, dripping with water.
Steve was broken by those two words. It didn’t make sense. Tony had finally gone over the line, he finally fucking did it, and maybe he could never be coming back. One day he could be gone for good because of . . . Pride? Acceptance? Ego? There couldn’t be a good reason. None of those could measure up to his life!
Soon the man popped out of the elevator wearing jeans and a hoodie with a button down. His causal outfit. Oh, Natasha thought, he actually tried. He’s wearing his causal outfit, the one where he gets desperate and gives it his best to act normal. Natasha let out a soft sigh of pity.
Soon breakfast was done and they had made a tray. They made their way to the living room but saw that Tony might not be eating breakfast this morning. He was clutching the blanket with his face scrunched up.
But he could feel cold icy fingers tracing something on his skin, somewhat ticklish but soft at the same time. His heart swelled. Now Tony needed to see who was going all these sweet things. Did they know who he was? Because he didn’t deserve sweet things.
“It’s the sixteenth. You would think that after all these years I would move on or at least stop this-“ Tony arms jolted as his eyes stayed with Steve’s, looking for something-anything.
“Do I make myself clear?” There was a sense of amusement in his voice, the way he said it so light. It wasn’t jokingly but just to lighten the dark mood. Tony could hear the Captains deep breaths and see his chest moving up and down so steadily.
Maybe the devil just wanted him to hurt his feet on the way down as if he wasn’t going to burn them at hell.
Tony never wanted just one kiss. Tony would usually be begging for more and never wanting to leave the bed. Tony wouldn’t be dressed before- Steve checked his phone, 6:30 am. Tony wouldn’t even be up that early!
His eyes adjusted to the morning light, blinking a few times, and noticed Tony by the window. The man was in nothing in his boxers, sitting crossed on the couch. His skin looked honey toned as the sun shined, the shadows perfectly shaping his face. It would be a beautiful sight expect for the sad face Tony had. Tony just sat there staring through the window, rubbing a pencil in his hand.
The 16th? Of December? Steve remembered looking at it once, in a file long ago- maybe it was Tony’s, and it was about . . . Howard. Yep, it was bout Howard and his wife-Maria, Steve backed up in his mind. If it caused Tony this much pain, it had to be their deaths.
“Sorry I wasn’t there for the fight.” Tony mumbled as he ate his soup. He stared at the bowl, avoiding Steve’s soon to come gaze.
She turned the corner to two rooms. The one on the right was open and but she couldn’t see what was there and the other was closed. Naturally, she gravitated towards the closed door. Quietly she slipped in.
He needed to earn Tony’s trust and to do that he needed to be there. And the only way to be there was not to scare him away.
It was nice sharing the warmth with Tony and just being there. Content and happy. Steve wanted to bask in this feeling forever as long as Tony was by his side. He wanted to do everything with Tony by his side. The man snuggled closer and was drawing near to sleep when the feeling was ruined.
“Yeah sure. And what were you all doing watching me sleep? Trying to sneak up on me or something.” He reflected.
“I can’t lose you guys okay.” Tony spoke so quietly that Steve almost didn’t hear.  That . . . that wasn’t what he expected. At all. “If- if one of you get hurt and it’s my fault, I couldn’t deal with myself. I just couldn’t and I won’t let it happen.”
“Why are you — saying all these things??? Where did they come from???” Tony yelled. He was against a wall and Steve was almost near him.
But Tony with red rimmed eyes and messy hair and tear stains on his cheeks. The mans face was red and distraught, clearing something was wrong. Something had to happened to make this man come to Steve’s door looking like this! Steve looked deep into the smaller mans eyes and saw some deep sadness. Tony didn’t deserve to be sad, Steve didn’t want him to be sad and show up to his door looking like this ever again.
That dream was just uncalled for. The day before was perfect; no one yelling at him, no unexpected triggers or topics that could start the dream. It was actually quite wonderful when you think about it. He got to spend lunch with Steve, which was really a treat as the blonde kept trying to make Tony blush, and he spent the afternoon with Rhodes before the man left again.
Clint had no idea why he was freaking out. He had seen Tony go to tons and tons of gala in his time living at the tower but he didn’t expect this. They had at least 30 minutes to arrive and it was like a block away. But every single thing seemed to be a big problem. Totally blown out of proportion, Clint thought, for something as simple as his shoes and hair.
“Is that a yes?” Steve asked as he cuddled Tony, arms wrapped once again around the smaller mans waist. Suddenly Steve’s hands moved towards Tony’s stomach and began to tickle.
“I knew it held some importance to you.” Thor continued. He was happy Tony wasn’t angry at him. The god remembered when he broke Loki’s things and how it caused a rage full week of tiny slights towards him until he forgot about something it. Thor hated those weeks and he didn’t think he could bear it if Tony treated that way. Loki was his brother, they couldn’t hate each other forever, but Tony could.
“I can’t sleep. Can I stay with you?” Tony asked once he came back to the world. He didn’t reach Steve’s eyes and held himself tighter. The blonde nodded and opened the door to this room.
The blonde could see Tony’s face scrunch up, the one he knew best. The scrunch of anger. But he was ready to fight fire with fire with the brunette, not willing to let this go.
But Tony didn’t care. He didn’t care then and he didn’t care now. Stark wouldn’t even spare a glance as the doctor checked him out. He focused way too hard on what the doctor was doing instead of Steve, trying to pretend he wasn’t there. Trying to get Steve to leave the room and stop staring at him.
“Yeah sure, I guess.” Steve answered, although it sounded like a question. He started to shake Tony gently on the arm. Should he actually be waking up someone from a nightmare? Is that actually ok? Does that cause some type of damage? Is it safe?
“No Tony, I want you to look me in the eye and tell me you don’t want this. I’ll leave but I need you to say it.”
Thor didn’t quite understand that. Something he cherished as deeply was a heirloom of his family. He saw how deep with sorrow Tony’s face turned when it was torn. But now he speaks of his family as if he wished they never met. Thor knew Tony couldn’t really mean it. Not deeply anyway.
All Tony could see was a bright white light. It was like a cube, painted all white, and he right in it. Only him and this endless road towards. Or backwards. Tony thought he was dead and maybe he was; but the white didn’t make any sense.
“Oh? Really? You thought we had a future? What gave you that idea. If anything, you were a fucking waste of time.” Steve raised the gun onto Tony’s chest.
“Go.” It was harsh as if he was trying to hurt Steve.Tony had finally locked eyes with him, cold and unwavering, but he meant it. Steve paused, looking at those eyes that started to waters slightly, just waiting for him to leave.
No, Steve can’t be thinking like that right now. He doesn’t even know if Tony likes his as a friend or not, never mind if he likes him romantically. Right now it looked like that would never happen.
The Captain needed to find answers. If Tony couldn’t trust him he’ll figure it out for himself. Each step away, his heart became more heavy, so much heavier. This terrible terrible feeling had been there since Tony did what he did and it wasn’t going to go away seeing him talking and breathing. It wasn’t going to go away that easily, it wouldn’t, and he didn’t know what to do about it. Everyday it got harder to contain, harder to know he’s feeling these types of feelings, so full of fear, without anyone caring.
Silk and needles and all the tools you use here on Earth.” Thor explained as he brought out the scarf.
The gala was going to be his chance, Steve decided earlier that evening. But now thinking about, he didn’t think it all the way through. He didn’t even know if Tony liked him, nevertheless loved him. All the beautiful women here proved that loud and clear. Steve couldn’t compete with them, he would lose every time. He just wasn’t enough. He would never be enough.
“We need to talk.” Tony whispered, eyes still shut and fist still tight. Steve stopped the soft kisses and removed his arms, sitting up in the bed.
“Sir is on his floor in the last room, Captain Rogers.” The British voice sounded more chipper today when talking to him. Steve guesses he wasn’t mad him anymore and was thankful.  He didn’t like that feeling of the A.I distrust. A person, well similar to a person, who didn’t like him watching at all times was weird.
“How bout we get out of here and go to a burger joint?” Steve asked suddenly. Tony turned and looked the man in the eye, so seriously and earnest.
One without swift kisses that no one else saw. One without Steve’s arms wrapped around his waist. One without the inside jokes and love filled stares. One where he was alone. Thinking about it, that wasn’t so long ago. But he had already became conditioned to being Tony with someone else. And now he had to go back to just being Tony with no one.
“You were not terrible, you sang greatly. You could even rival the singers Steven had shown me.” He argued as he sat down next to Tony.
They sat in the living room on communal floor, prepping. Well Clint was sitting and Tony was prepping as cartoons played on the T.V. Tony wasn’t watching but running his hands through his hair as he paced. Clint could feel the stress radiating from that pacing and he couldn’t believe it.
Tony has made it to Steve’s door, just looking at the white wood. What was he going to say? What if Steve didn’t wake up? What if he actually did wake Steve up? Would Steve kick him out and send him on his way? Tony didn’t want to seem any more like a burden than he already was and was this pushing the limit? He looked a mess and now was interrupting the soldiers sleep because he couldn’t cope on his own.
Steve’s phone rang. He picked it up, hoping it was Sam or Nat on a lunch invite, but the screen read Baby Boy.
Before answering, Tony three a coughing fit in his arm opening the door fully. Steve could see he was in his pjs and his used bed. That pissed him off more.
There was no need to ask Jarvis where Tony was at. Since the incident, Tony had been taking nest up in his lab to avoid almost everyone. But they all really knew who he was avoiding.
“That isn’t an option.” The bandages around Tony’s head were wrapped tight and his cuts were nicely sealed. His face could have been gone, it could have been more bloody. He could have been dead. Not just a few cuts and scrapes. Tony was lucky. Steve was lucky.
He straightened up his room a bit, before a figure – all tall, pale-skinned, long jet-black hair and light green eyes – stood in his doorway. A simple green dress draped over her body. Nertha. She was a friend and one of the many girls that warmed his bed from time to time, whenever she visited him on campus. Sex with her was always great. There was literally something magical about it and Harley often jokingly called her the Goddess of Sex.
Before everyone settled into the courtroom, Steve had managed a glimpse of Nicholas being passed from Tony to who he figured was court social worker. Nicholas would stay in their care until a decision had been made. Steve teared up at just the sight of him. His hair was getting darker but his eyes were still that baby blue. He’d gotten so big already and he hadn’t been there to se him grow. All because of Tony. Tony dared to smile at him when their eyes met. He also noticed a younger guy on Tony's arm. He didn't look older than 20. Pepper and Nova soon guided Steve into the court room.
“All T’challa and I have ever had is a friendship.” Bucky informed him. “And you didn’t believe me. Didn’t trust me.” Bucky added, stepping away from the kitchen island and into the living room area.
Tony got to Peter’s room door first. “Pete,” he called out. “I’m sorry…” he apologized when it was Steve or even Stephen who should be apologizing.
Harley paused, piecing his words together before saying them. “Morgie wants to get out of her crib. I can’t get her out Daddy. Not big enough.”
Steve chuckled, letting his laughter flow through him. Tony had his arms extended. He needed another hug. They both needed another hug. Steve took him up on the offer as he drew himself closer again, allowing Tony to envelope him in the hug.
All the components needed for a possible rekindling of their relationship, if Tony just ended things with Stephen. Morgan had relayed most of this information to her friends being sure to omit the mention of Paige per her parents’ request. They didn’t want to jump the gun, didn’t want to get excited only to find out Paige wasn’t really at Xavier’s School.
“Hi. You’re daddy’s boyfriend.” She stated, slipping her hand out of Wade’s and into Peter’s. “You’re so pretty.”
“Maybe.” Morgan agreed but she didn’t want that to be true. She wanted her parents back together but then she realized, “I’ve never really asked what my mom wanted.”
Once showered and fully clothed, he raised his shirt to admire his growing bump in one of their full length mirrors. He pressed slightly where his son's foot was resting against his skin and he felt him shift around. Tony smiled, tracing his faint stretch marks when Friday informed him it was time to meet Steve in the backyard.
“You don’t have to do this,” he begged. Steve couldn’t believe what he was hearing. SJ was going to be here in less than 3 months and Tony still wanted him to terminate his pregnancy. “Pepper and I are getting a divorce,” he continued. He didn’t know that. Pepper had been over a couple times now and she’d never mentioned a divorce. Steve didn’t know what to think. Tony took one of Steve’s hands in his own and Steve looked down at it in confusion. “We can be together Steve.”
Tonight, Peter, Wade and Ellie had stayed up in the living room to watch movies. Ellie made it halfway through the second movie before giving in to sleep. Wade had carried her to her room and tucked her in nicely. When he returned, he and Peter resumed their snuggling and watched more movies. They shared a few kisses in between. Some got more heated than others and Peter tried to initiate sex, but Wade always backed out before it became too much. Peter couldn’t comprehend why. He turned 17 almost two months ago and like Wade loved to point out, that was the legal age of consent in the state of New York.
Tony instructed Stephen to mingle, promising to introduce him to his mother and his closest friends later on for he still had to entertain guests as the host. Stephen decided to linger by the bar afterwards, watching Tony go from guest to guest. He sipped his drink before he heard a voice speak his name. He put his drink down and gave the slightest smirk when he found the source of the voice. Steve Rogers was glaring at him.
Harley took another second to admire her before he put his plans into action. He glanced around the room, combing through the faces of the guests before he located Clint and Laura. They were what seemed to be dozens of people away. “You wanna hang out somewhere else?” he suggested. The further they got away from the Bartons’ view, the better. Harley had put his hand out so Lila could wrap her hand around it. She took it and they made their way out of the party.
“Well.” Peter began, gaining everyone’s attention. “I think it will be great having another sibling, having a baby around.” Already wondering what their new sibling would be like.
“No.” He whimpered, feeling Tony’s metal clad boot crushing his chest. “The other one.” Tony was starting to think he would say anything at this point to save his life. He didn’t have another daughter. “Paige,” he whispered. Tony looked to Rhodey who was equally perplexed. How had he known about Paige?
Sam and Bucky were still in Wakanda so he knew they wouldn’t be attending. Then Sharon had tried to insert herself into his birthday celebrations, but he had to remind her, they didn’t need to interact if it had nothing to do with the baby. Otherwise, his 41
Not long after and they were wrestling with each other’s lips. Steve was eagerly searching his mouth with his tongue and Tony was sucking on his tongue. Steve’s hands slipped under his shirt and started playing with his nipples. Tony moaned into his mouth. Steve was hard and Tony was wet. Steve could always tell when his boyfriend was horny from the little squirming movements he did and the evident clasp of his thighs. Steve pulled away when he felt Tony’s hand on his cock through his pants.
Morgan was sitting real cozy with Nathan as they watched the movie with their friends, a blanket thrown over them. Torunn sat by Amelia. Ned was watching the movie intensely. Michelle’s cheeks a little red as she talked with Calvin and Peter was off in a corner by himself, smiling at his phone.
Steve was standing off to the side as Tony walked around, getting a closer look at the contents of the boxes.
“I’m good, Mom. No more flashes.” Harley provided, truthfully. He felt like himself again and even better than before.
The next morning, Rhodey found their bedroom empty. He called and texted her but got no reply. He wasn’t expecting her to ghost him like that.
Stephen was about to answer when Steve’s arrival caught both his and Tony’s attention. He too brought a gift for Tony, no doubt. Tony escaped Stephen’s hold and went to meet Steve.
“I wouldn’t put it pass her. Let’s not forget she’s a little off…” Pepper reminded him. She was right. Sharon Carter had always been a little on the crazier side. But she was also sleeping with Steve so her being pregnant wasn’t far-fetched. “I say if you haven’t heard it from Steve, don’t believe anything.”
Amelia saw Morgan’s eyes sadden and she realized, she had to address this if she hoped to help her friend heal. “How are you feeling Morgan, really?”
Tony’s heart dropped. His hands were still shaking. What happened to Morgan in the few hours he’d last seen her? And her baby? Was her baby okay?
“As long as everyone else shares.” Lila decided. The other girls nodded. Torunn was a bit hesitant and she hoped none of them had noticed. She didn’t want her time with Harley to become common knowledge. She’d just continue playing the virgin.
Stephen and Steve stayed quiet after that. “It’s like I have 5 kids instead of 3.” Tony went on. Silence flowed across the table until Maria went to the kitchen and grabbed desert.
A blissful moan escaped from Tony and he could feel himself getting aroused. Steve’s hands then settled on his waist and Tony breathed his name. He wanted Steve to touch him more. He wanted Steve’s fingers to touch his skin – his bare skin.
Further notice meant a couple years at Carter’s and Tony would be a free man again. There he was, getting away with everything again. Steve would rather see him rot in jail or hell for all his crimes and sins but the time in the mental health facility would just have to do. And as much as he hated it all, at least Morgan and Nicky got to see their father from time to time.
Steve realized that Tony was avoiding his emotions. And he couldn't understand why. What was keeping Tony away? He could have ended things with Stephen, already but he hadn't. And Steve knew he wouldn't be getting answers any time soon so he welcomed the change of conversation.
It also seemed Brooklyn’s hair had no intention of getting darker as Harley’s had when he was 3 months old. Brooklyn was special.
Steve wasn’t fazed by it though. He knew he’d be afraid too if he wasn’t society’s definition of normal. But fuck all that. Normal was overrated. “It’s okay. Just no more secrets, okay?”
“Stephen’s.” And Steve full-on laughed, like it was the funniest thing he’d ever heard. Tony stayed mum allowing him to settle down and eventually process the fact that Tony was not joking at all.
Steve nodded and retreated to the bathroom. He re-emerged in a second however, to toss Tony a robe. Tony slid it on and tried to make the bed look presentable. He spotted Steve’s discarded clothes on the floor and he kicked them under his bed. Tony wasn’t ready to tell their kids; they were getting back together. They only just had sex. Accidentally. A couple times. But still accidentally, of course. He passed by a mirror and saw the horrid state his hair was in and tried to smooth it out.
Tony picked up after the third ring on Pepper’s third attempt at calling that morning. She and Tony were due to be present at their long-awaited project tomorrow; 6 months in the making. Tony had been MIA and completely unreachable for a day or two now. Pepper was getting a bit concerned.
. Dr McIntosh smiled even wider, when she saw something new compared to previous visits. “So that’s why you’re not trying anymore.”
Tony was the only person who hadn’t shown up and everyone found it odd when this event was solely his idea to begin with. Pepper was able to quash everyone’s concerns however, claiming Tony was a little bit under the weather today. She knew that wasn’t real reason behind his absence. Tony had informed her about the incident with Stephen and she knew this wasn’t her business to tell. She would lie for Tony no problem. She always had his back.
“Mhm.” Steve hummed for confirmation. He was at Sharon’s shower for a full 10 minutes before he got annoyed with her and left. “It would have also been my wedding anniversary with Tony, today.” It was September 17
Rhodey then excused himself stating, “I have to go stop your mother from killing the Queen of Asgard,” to Jacob.
“Baby. I forgot. It’s family dinner night with the kids…and Steve…I forgot that we scheduled our date for tonight.” Tony admitted.
“Mom hosts a Christmas party every year for family and friends.” Peter informed her. They stood on the side lines as workers were busy moving things around and hanging decorations; Tony and Pepper amid all the madness. “Aunt Pepper is an essential part of course.”
“We should probably tell our parents,” Nathan suggested. He took his phone out, typing out a text, asking his dad and Nat to come by the Stark Mansion. Morgan texted her dad too. She scanned over the messages he had sent her last night, following the dinner, which she had purposely ignored.
“Buck. Why don’t we head home in the next few days?” he suggested, one day as Bucky was preparing himself for bed. He kept his hair long as he sat before a mirror, brushing it and putting it up in a bun. He was also wearing traditional Wakandian attire. Sam had to admit it suited him.
“It’s genetic.” Tony stated so quietly both Anna and Steve thought they imagined it, But Steve started to think long and hard about it. Professor Xavier had mentioned something along the lines of her
“Prince Harley.” Morgan shouted, teasingly from behind Anna. Harley scoffed. “I hope you’re not expecting special treatment.”
“Babe, you’re telling me, you’ve been with this guy for over a year and the moment we get back together you’re pregnant with
“I really don’t understand why you’re sleeping with her in the first place.” Sam took a bite into his sandwich. “And, I don’t know if you forgot Steve but you’re gay. Super gay.” He said the last two words slowly, like he was speaking to a child.
Anna drew back and grinned at her. “It’s okay. I was – am your long-lost sister. How well could you have possibly known me?” Morgan was sure she skipped a breath. Why was she repeating the exact words Morgan had said to their brothers that one meeting they had had without her? Morgan would have been crazy to not find that a little bit suspicious but for her parents’ happiness, she tried to overlook it.
“Are you truly happy, Torunn? You know as my firstborn you will be the ruler of Asgard one day. You’ll be Queen. It will never be for your brother to claim.” Thor had changed a lot of laws when he became King. One of the first laws was the succession of the crown and the passing of power. The firstborn child, whether male or female would be the heir to the throne. He saw the amount of destruction that came forth as a result of Hela and himself fighting for the throne. She was the first born child and believed for years that she would rule after Odin until Thor was born. He didn’t want that for his kids and even though Torunn had been an only child all her life, everyone knew that a son born to the King and Queen would always be a topic of discussion. He assured her however, the throne was hers.
“Aunt Nat.” Harley proclaimed, reading whatever was on the screen of his phone. “The gun used was one of Aunt Nat’s.” He announced, proudly.
“According to these results–” She turned the monitor around so he could see, “–you’re very much pregnant, Tony.”
“But you’re not in love with me. You don’t love me.” He knew it. He just didn’t want to believe it. Silence followed. Tony kept his eyes trained on his fingers, that he was playing with, subconsciously on his lap. “Then why did you say yes? How did we get this far?” His voice was lower than before. They were engaged, planning to start a family when Tony didn’t even love him.
“What’s so fucking special about Tony Stark?” She blurted out. “Why do you still want him back after all these years?”
Wade wanted to make things up to Peter for his absence during the past few months. He asked Peter to come over to his place so they could have a ‘date’. It was the least he could do since they couldn’t spend time together out in public. Peter informed Tony that he was just going out patrolling for the night and since his revelation, his mother had been really understanding. Peter initially thought, Tony would be super overprotective, overbearing and prevent him from doing what he loved and was good at. It was the opposite and Peter was relieved he didn’t have to lie about that anymore, even though he was hiding his relationship with Wade. Now, Tony would just hug him before he went out and asked him to be safe and to call him if he was ever in any trouble he couldn’t manage on his own. He told his son, he’d dust off any of his suits in a heartbeat if he ever needed help.
“Your parents loves me now.” Wade said, as if that explained everything, as if that could ever be true.
Morgan had stopped eating and responded, plainly. “I don’t want to talk about Mom.” Anna had noted that no one wanted to talk about her mother. No one wanted to talk about the Christmas Party. No one wanted to talk about
After dinner, Steve helped Maria wash up and Tony disappeared into his lab. He was sitting at a desk staring at a projected screen when Steve decided to join him by taking the seat next to him.
“Family is family. Everyone is invited.” Pepper answered and she knew the question that was going to come next.
But that wasn’t his only concern. Women died giving birth in the past. Growing up, death by childbirth was still a very common thing. And Steve dreaded the thought. Dreaded that his baby, would be left without any of his parents to care for him. Steve had ran that by Bucky and Sam a few times and he let them know that he wanted them to have and care for SJ if anything was to happen to him because Tony wouldn’t be an option. Sam and Bucky didn’t want to hear any of that. Sam reminded him that things were different now. The chances of him dying during childbirth were slim. He’d survive it. He’d live to see his son grow up. He’d be a part of his son’s life. SJ would have a parent that loved him so much. He’d be there.
Maria was chatting with Steve when Tony entered the room again; Stephen only a step behind him. Everyone grew silent the moment they noticed Stephen.
“No. We didn’t.” Morgan confessed but she wasn’t sure if Aunt Nat had gone on her own. She did seem extremely hell-bent on going.
Tony stared at him with fire in his eyes. “That’s not love.” And then he felt a sharp pain in his belly. He groaned as Nat and Steve drew closer.
Tony looked down at Steve. He had tears in his eyes and on his cheeks. Steve did tend to get really emotional about most things. He just didn't think him discussing his past would be affecting him so much.
, he thought as he went to his kitchen to fetch them both something to drink. Tony declined and asked for water instead. Steve wondered if he was sick. Tony wasn’t known to pass up on a drink.
Minutes later and Stephen was walking out onto the back lawn and towards the group of tents. Tony blushed at the sight of him. He even had a gift in hand. Once he got closer to Tony, he put his gift on a nearby table and enveloped Tony in a hug, capturing his lips with his own in the process. No hello? Okay. Fine. He didn’t mind being greeted like this.
“How does everyone know that?” Tony was flabbergasted; tilting his head slightly to the side with his eyebrows frowned. Why did everyone know this? It had only been two weeks since Tony’s first date with Stephen and yes, everything was going great considering their first date. He had just got back from another date last night, as a matter of fact. It was their 5
Tony ignored the mention of Steve’s infidelity. He didn’t want to think of it when he was with Stephen. “So, you’re just chatting yourself up now.”
floor of Stark Mansion. They were roughly about the same height. “Let’s chat outside.” Wade looked back at Peter and gave him a thumbs up.
“Nertha.” Thor said, simply. “She saw him leaving your room.” Torunn was still standing and Thor motioned for her to retake her seat. She obeyed, feeling like a child again.
“Yeah but has she been acting weird?” Harley’s voice lowered as if he was sharing a secret. His basis was his need to believe Anna’s sudden interest in tech was just that and nothing more. Morgan and Peter were closer with her, they’d probably know.
Rhodey stared at her for a long time before she disappeared into the bathroom again. She was lying. He knew she was. There was more to it than what she was letting on. He pulled himself up to the side of the bed and thought it over for a minute. He called out to her when a thought came to him and she came waltzing out of the bathroom, her top now gone. She met his gaze and Rhodey saw something in those green eyes of hers that he hadn't seen in years. “It’s more than that, isn’t it?”
“No blindfold this time,” Tony explained. Steve parted his lips to speak but Tony put a finger to his lips to silence him.
home. Friday had informed them of his arrival when they were moments away from another session of lovemaking. Tony was left frustrated and incredibly annoyed as he and Steve both stood before the elevator doors. Tony was hugging him and resting his head on his shoulder for comfort.
Tony decided it was time to change the subject. “The doctors say you were poisoned.” Stephen hummed. “They say it couldn’t have been ingested more than an hour before.” Stephen’s eyes were surveying his surroundings – he was in a hospital. “Was there anyone suspicious at the bar?” Tony asked, turning Stephen’s face so he would only look at him.
“Anthony, my dear, is that you?” her voice was weak, and her frail hand was reaching out to him. Only she and Howard ever called him by his full name and he absolutely hated it but what kind of person would it make him if he didn’t humor a poor elderly lady who just suffered a stroke. That could have been his mom. And he struggled to get rid of that thought the moment it crossed his mind. He watched his mother now, strong and healthy, smiling sadly at Peggy.
Tony rolled his eyes as his cockiness but couldn’t help smiling, knowing Steve was right. Their children’s closeness in age was a testimony to that. Harley and Morgan were a year and 8 months apart, making Harley almost a year old when Morgan was conceived. Morgan and the twins were a year and 4 months apart, which meant they were conceived when Morgan was only 7 months old. They’d probably have at least ten children by now, if he hadn’t gotten on birth control, years after he had Peter and Anna. But that didn’t mean Steve had gotten him pregnant again, over 18 years later. He was sure of what Kayla had said. “You’re in denial.” Tony whispered.
In this mess of tears and emotions, the only thing that soothed him was caresses of his 14-week-old baby bump by himself or Steve. His second trimester also brought on the unusual cravings and everyone was left at Tony’s whim to try and keep him happy.
He then thanked Jacob for helping him calm down and his best friend’s relationship or lack thereof with Amelia came to mind. “How are you, man?”
“Niece, nephew.” He began. “I couldn’t help overhearing.” His tone made Torunn chuckle. He had to be eavesdropping. That sounded more like something her Uncle Loki would do. “Maybe we could come up with some sort of solution. Hm?” He motioned for the young couple to follow him.
And Bucky, on the other hand, was taking therapy to deal with his aftershocks after the damage he’d caused as the winter soldier. He was mostly in hiding but Steve and Nat helped him get back out there. Nat was Tony’s friend first; she’d posed as his secretary years before and it turned out she was some sort of spy and they hit it off well and then with Steve.
“You say as you seduce me and get me naked.” He quipped, running his fingers through Stephen’s hair who sighed in awe at the stimulation.
Remy remembered those conversations but he'd never seen Natasha before. He was always very appreciative of the information Amelia provided him with about her extended family; all voluntarily. There was no need for the use of his powers.
“Maybe a few weeks ago but ever since your cousin released me from the mind control, I’ve been trying to become a changed man.” Harley clarified. He hadn’t had sex since Nertha. He was becoming a little more self-aware and careful when it came to who he was sleeping with. He was always protected of course but he knew there was still a risk; a chance of him really messing up and getting someone pregnant or catching a disease… He was putting himself first these days, and not in the narcissistic way he was before but in a more respectable and hold-yourself-to-a-higher-standard manner. It was hard not slipping back into his old ways, but this newfound philosophy and lifestyle was gratifying.
Tony walked Stephen out of the room. He tried to apologize for his part in the ruin of the dinner, but Tony didn’t want to hear it. It was just another messy family dinner for the books. Stephen placed a kiss on his cheek, but Tony’s mood didn’t falter as he watched the elevator doors close between them. He was left with Steve.
“So having a dog was entertaining.” Wanda began, a drink in her hand and Vision by her side. “But we see everyone with babies.” She sang. “And we want one too.”
“Are you and Mom working things out?” The question had been on her mind for some time now. Morgan was looking up at him with her big blues, like she did as a kid when she was begging for something.
“What was that?” He whisper-shouted, still in disbelief. His eyes focused more so on Tony than Anna. He had never seen such a side of Tony before and he could not understand it. Tony wasn’t a killer. He was good. His heart was pure.
Following the discussion, Tony pulled Steve to the side. “Steve?” he called out. Tony could see how distracted Steve was as he watched Morgan and Nathan leave the room. He hummed to indicate that he was listening, however.
Morgan groaned, falling flat on her back on her bed. Nathan turned to look at her. “We were stupid. I was stupid,” she remarked, staring up at him. Morgan felt him running his fingers through her hair and it put her mind at ease. Then she pulled herself up to meet his lips with her own and he willingly deepened the kiss. She reached for his belt buckle, trying to undo his pants when he stopped her and started to push away. They were both out of breath and Nathan tried to expound on why they shouldn’t be doing this considering the predicament they were in. Except, he didn’t stop himself from kissing where her neck met her shoulder. Morgan struggled to pry herself away. She had to be the more resilient of the two.
And he could vaguely remember, someone standing off to the side, further back. A blonde woman. Tony knew her. It was Sharon Carter, still pointing a gun at him as his eyes closed and he completely blacked out.
I got the idea for this story as early as September 2018. I remember pitching it to a writer and they never used it. Fast forward, May 2019, after months of planning it out in my head, I said "fuck it, I'll write it myself. I've written original stories before. I can write some fanfic, no biggie!"
But Tate isn’t so easily defeated. “Miss Potts. I have but one question for you.” Judge Brooks allows it. “Is Mr. Stark not a good father to the child you two share, Morgan Stark?” and Pepper know she can’t lie.
He grabbed the vitamins off the shelf, turned around but watched them fall to the ground when he bumped into someone. He almost shrieked when he saw Stephen Strange before him. The man whose baby he was currently pregnant with. Of course. He hadn’t seen him, not once in the past few weeks but today had to be the day he’d run into him. Tony groaned. He was having such a shit day.
"I do." He smiled reaching his arms out towards the direction of the voice. Tony drew closer and they shared a kiss.
Harley walked her back to her room. He wished her a good night and turned to leave her doorway when she planted her lips against his. She was smiling sweetly at him when next their eyes met after the kiss. Harley wasn’t sure of what was happening and Torunn gave him no real time to think before she yanked him into her room, closing the door behind them. He saw her drop her shear dress revealing her curves. Harley couldn’t keep his eyes off her.
Tony liked it rough these days. He could alternate between love making and fucking. He even enjoyed being tied up every now and then but since he’d gotten pregnant with the twins, he only ever wanted it rough and that’s how Steve knew Tony was pregnant. His sexual appetite had changed drastically and intensified.
“Not my family, Rems.” Anna snapped, her eyes narrowing and her jaw tightened. Her family would always be off limits and he needed to remember that. They were both killers but thankfully she had some form of self-restraint in comparison to him, even after years of training with the X-men, after years of training with the merciless and unsympathetic
Bucky was embarrassed, his cheeks turned a light shade of red. “Right!” he apologized, taking the container from Steve and emptying its contents in a container of his own on his kitchen island. Steve never came over empty handed. It was just something nice his best friend liked to do. Steve was a good guy. Bucky cleared his throat again. “I’ve just been busy with –”
, she thought before she pulled up Tony’s medical records on the computer before her. They were updated minutes ago with the information collected from the earlier tests Tony had done.
“You never really know Pepper...” Carol teased. The timing of villains was always so uncertain and varied as time progressed. “And if he’s only trying to help her figure out her powers, I don’t see why not?”
“Dear cousin, I know you have no titles or claim to the throne but surely even you must know I am to be Queen after my father.” She responded confidently, waving to the crowd and smiling widely.
Morgan groaned. She wasn't  just going to stay mad at her parents. They had good reasons for what they did and she certainly had lied to them in the past. She could move past that. “I just don’t like being lied to.”
Loki approached him while at the bar. He could see his frustration in his features. “Something the matter Harley?”
Nat pulled out her phone so she could show Bruce the message. He smiled but his mind was still on the things Nathan had said to him. He decided to bring up the topic right then and there. He swallowed the food on his fork and, looked to his right where Natasha was seated. He cleared his throat. “Nathan mentioned a few things that Morgan told him.”
Steve choked up; sobs now lodged in his throat. Tony gave him the box of tissues. Steve crying was as rare as Morgan crying and he didn’t like seeing it.
“Sure,” Michelle stated, nonchalantly. She didn’t see Peter as anything else but a friend. She had eyes for someone else but she was too afraid of rejection to pursue it.
“That’s no way to speak to a Queen,” she mocked, smoothing out her dress and resting her hand on her belly again before reaching behind, a knife now concealed in the sleeve of her dress.
“What is happening over there?” Michelle wondered. She stayed with Morgan, Nathan and Ned after Peter bailed on them and had just witness what was just the outskirts of a potential fight between Carol and Sif.
“Why not? Winter loves it. Nakia said she’s a gem. Said she’ll make a great Queen. I like it here…” Sam scoffed at his response. He already knew Bucky liked it here. He decided he’d be better off being truthful.
Silence followed for only a minute as every one looked between each other. No one had anything else to share. Except Anna.
To get his mind off that, however, he decided to check his phone again and sure enough Steve had sent a text in response to his last.
“It’s about Sharon,” Steve insisted. That was a first. Bucky listened intently from there on after when he sat down and Sam rolled his eyes. “She’s just gotten so clingy lately.”
“Tony, what happened?” He whispered, handing the baby to one of the nurses and rushing to his side. Tony swayed a bit and Steve caught him before he almost collapsed. He held his face in his hands, seeing tears spurt from his eyes.
“You just have an answer for everything, don’t you?” Morgan spat and Anna’s face harden like porcelain before she made after her again and Steve yanked her back, once more.
“Ba–” He stopped himself from calling him any terms of endearment. They weren’t there yet. “Tony, I really hope she’s out there.” He really did.
Eventually they decided, as long as they got to throw him a separate party each year, they let Harley be. Essentially, he had two parties each year. This August, however, for his 20
The man plopped down on the couch next to Nat with a sigh. He ran his hands over his face and yawned, catching a glance of Natasha’s shit eating grin.
Tony patting the spot next to him on the bed was Steve’s answer, as the blonde crawled in next to the drunk man. Suddenly he felt something, no he felt loose fingers grab at his hands. He could feel the calluses on Tony’s smaller hand but it wasn’t rough. It was quite warm, a bit too warm, but Steve didn’t mind. He always needed a source of warmth, no matter if it was Tony’s hands or a wool blanket. Nothing else was gonna happen away. He squeezed Tony’s hand tight trying to show he cared.
He still shivered under the blanket that had somehow fell down, scooting closer to whatever was warm next to him. It felt like a person, their legs foreign Tony’s skin. They were long and masculine, but warm, warm enough for Tony to curl his cold feet under.
“Well, you don’t want to here about this. I’m a mess, Steve, youu . . . you don’t want to get involved in thiss.”
“Banner! I need your assistance now.” Thor boomed as he walked into the doctors lab. The brunette sighed, taking off his glasses, and stared at Thor. Most instances it would be something unnecessary like how to work the oven or toaster, interrupting Bruce from his work. Bruce wasn’t mad, he quite liked explaining something simple than complex once in a while and Thor made everything seem out of this world. It was nice but today Bruce just wasn’t the day.
The red headed had searched throughout all the floors. The work ones that held S.I, her teammates floor when she visited, even Tony’s floor when she was sneaking. But the secret department wasn’t in any of those. Natasha needed to have the one up of everyone. The feeling of not knowing when she was known for knowing everything just ticked her off. Just a bit.
Frigga taught Thor to sew when he had broke his toy when he was younger. Surprisingly, Thor was very good at it and learned many different techniques. Thor loved that time knitting and sewing with his mother, when it was just the two of them doing something together. It felt like the only thing they had similar at that time.
He was moving every few seconds, clearly in distress.  Tony was having a nightmare and they didn’t know what to do.
“You may be attractive, but I’m not sleeping with you, okay.” Tony’s sleepily voice was soon replaced with soft snores.
We’ll see, Tony thought as he texted Happy telling him to come quickly. Pushing himself off the ground, he looked around the room noticing the glass still on the floor.
Once done, Thor couldn’t wait to give the scarf to Tony. He found the man on the way out of the lab, sleep deprived and stumbling.
No, Steve didn’t have a driver’s license. He had never took a driver’s test in his life, not even in the 40’s. But Steve did have practice in weaseling out of some tickets he could tell you that. And Steve felt no shame about going over the speeding limit. You could ask all the New York cops. And now was a time he could work on his speeding.
But the man tread forward hoping to see something than this light. A clown or a monster or even his dad! Something to  resemblance a nightmare.
Steve’s face scrunched up in confusion as his mouth hanged agape. His heart stopped when Tony fell from the sky. He was so scared that Tony was gone, just like New York, he was so close to gone. Steve hated that feeling. He thought Tony knew that, he remembered yelling at him about it, he had to know.
“ I’m sorry I’m late Tony. Traffic was a bit bad, but everything is going to plan, ok.” Pepper announced as she stopped Tony’s pacing. She wore a silk long, red dress with black heels and her hair in a high pony. Clint has to admit, she looked beautiful.
Steve was left clueless. Something had happened, he just knew it, but Tony didn’t want to tell. And the blonde wasn’t going to push.
Steve sighed dropping down on the bed. “You can’t keep doing this you know,” he told himself. He ran his hands through his hair as his striking blue eyes searched the room for something, anything to get his mind off of it.
Tony knew he turned bright red right then and there. Gosh, why did he get like this around Steve? It used to be so easy to talk to him without blushing and be friends. They were friends right? But that seemed far far away ago. Tony then was snarky as usual, what others will expect from him. But now with Steve? He was a blushing mess and shy. Shy! When was he ever shy, Tony thought! Never but because of this man, this perfect man, Tony has surrendered.
But Tony was suffering, even more now. Steve could help, he could at least try. Work in an apology somehow or just make it up to him. Steve has done this before with people, he wasn’t shameful that he was wrong, just it was Tony. And he didn’t know what to do when it was Tony.
Steve heard a ding across the room, most likely his phone and hopped on the bed. It was from Rhodey and it made him wince. Steve could sense the vibe that Rhodey didn’t like him. They were acquaintances before he started dating Tony but once that happened, friendly Rhodey was gone. The Rhodey Steve received watched his every move. It creeped him out.
“It’s peaceful, I have to admit.” She noticed how his fingers would shake and how he would try to hide them. The only think he kept hidden from her was what he thought was a weakness. His hand shaking, the nightmares, or how he got a rush of anxiety around people. How his eyes would sometimes water when the insults became too much.
Now she was a empty floor. Nat remembered it from the tour Tony gave and how he insisted that it was completely empty. So it became a hot spot on her radar.
The Avengers knew absolutely nothing about Tony Stark. They read the stories, the files, and heard all about him, but they knew nothing that was real about him.
But Steve still saw how his bones still sagged and it looked as if he was dragging his feet. Not as bouncy as he would be. Maybe today was one of those slow mornings just a little less sleepy than usual. Tony sat on the floor by the closet door, and started to put on his shoes.
”That’s what I was hoping for if you didn’t shut me down so quickly. I,at least, wanted to try. I kinda thought you did too.” Steve muttered under his breath as he scratched his head in embarrassment.
Tony had locked these feelings away long ago, and tried a friendship route, for he knew Steve would never actually want to date him. It- it wasn’t fair, his mind replied, it wasn’t fair how Steve could just walk in here and undo all his hard work. Tony couldn’t count how many times he had to fight his temptations to kiss the blonde. He couldn’t count how many times he had wanted to hold Steve’s hand but didn’t. Just for Steve to come and do that! It wasn’t fair!
“I guess I’ll have to be the first.” Steve took held of his hand, “I guess we will have to see if this would work, which it probably will, before you go and say no.” Tony finally looked up into those blue eyes. He could the honesty in Steve eyes. The love.
But Steve understood and would even do the same. He had heard about Tony’s ex’s from Pepper when Tony and him started out. It was warning, Pepper made it so very clear, that if Steve did anything remotely close to what those did before to Tony she would kill him with her heels. Steve had seen her heels-they were sharp enough to kill him.
Steve’s heart broke. Tony wasn’t just drinking for the fun of it, something was deeply wrong. Most people drink to forget their worries, just for a few hours, but Tony must had been drinking to forget forever. Steve remembered talking to Natasha about how Tony seemed different, this just affirmed conclusions.
He didn’t care who it was. They were doing him a favor from actually looking at his hand and coming to peace with the reality of things. Steve was going to say thank you, it was the least he could do to the person who was going to save him from a metal breakdown.
“Well you have us, Anthony. And we will not be leaving anytime soon.” Thor gripped Tony’s shoulder, shaking it hardly in a jolly mood.
It would be hard but worth it. Because maybe they were meant to be. Maybe he could actually try a long term relationship and not just dip when things got hard. Maybe he could claim Steve has his and him as Steve’s. Just maybe-
Tony woke with a joint. He was breathing hard and sweating hard and everything was fucking hard at the moment. He had to go. He had to fucking go. Out of that bed, out of that room; just away from that dream. Tony couldn’t breathe, god he couldn’t breathe! And his chest hurt. The arc reactor wasn’t helping but instead making everything worse.
The dream was full of negative self talk, which is what Steve would call it but not so much Tony. It was normally what he would say to himself during the day.
“Well, I better get going. Who’s going to fix this huh?” Tony reflected while picking up the device. He shook his head, trying his best not to look Steve in the eyes.
“Well I don’t know what to do now. Maybe you can help.” Tony glanced up at his canvas as he tried to get the pain off with a towel. But instead it smudged even worst, making his cheek and eyebrow blue. Steve had to hold in a laugh.
“Hey, be careful! It’s not dry yet!” Tony yelled as he tried to get the painting out of Steve’s grab. Steve held it up high so the smaller man couldn’t reach.  Tony jumped up again Steve trying to reach but steve started to laugh as he fell back into his seat.
“Why’d you do that?” Tony spoke, his voice rising with panic. He began to breathe deeper, trying his best to calm down but it wasn’t working. His eyes looked around the room frantically as he paced around the room, not making eye contact with Steve. “Why’d you do that!”
“We can’t be together Steve. No matter how much you want it. No matter how much I want it. But it wouldn’t work out, we’re not- we’re not perfectly fit.”
Steve was awoken by the call late at night,  maybe midnight, but was soon alert once hearing Tony’s voice. Maybe he was in some type of danger? Maybe he was kidnapped or something? Or in some type of simple trouble? He hopped out of the bed, quickly finding clothes with the phone by his ear.
With Thor’s huge blanket on her tiny shoulders, she set off. Her sock clad feet made no noise was she searched every room, hands always touching a wall. But each room was dustier than the last with a better view.
“God Steve, I want you! I always wanted you. But I-” Tony basically yelled, taking a deep breath when he remembered we’re they where. “I’m not right for you.”
The block shook slightly and dipped downward. Suddenly, a slit in the wall opened. It was only tiny enough for a tiny slim body, such as hers and Clint’s. And Tony’s.
But Tony was still stressing out. Clint observed the leg shaking and the constant fidgeting and grew more worried.  Maybe all the galas weren’t what he expected then to be. Maybe they chewed and spit you out at one mistake. If Tony was worried, them maybe he should be too.
“I  think I’m in love with you. I want you. Only you. I want a relationship, a real one. If. . . if you want one or- or. . .“ Steve trailed off at the end. The red in his cheeks made a appearance but Tony heard but he needed to hear.
But it was nice listening to him sing, as if a wall had been lifted and Tony was completely open. As if Tony has nothing to hide. That was even better. Thor didn’t like it that Tony couldn’t trust him but maybe if he earned it then they could become friends.
“I am just . . . speechless. You look beautiful.” A grin spread on Tony’s face as he leaded in, connecting their foreheads.
Tony was painting a park, it seemed. It wasn’t any New York park, and it looked different from any American park Steve had seen pictures of. Maybe it was a European park, like in France or Italy. But that wasn’t important.
“What is this? What are we really?” The blonde looked surprised at the question, eyebrows raising a fraction, but soon frozen. Then those eyebrows furrowed. Tony loved it when Steve looked this way, so deep in thought, but not now.
“Yes, you dork!” Tony chucked trying to push Steve’s hands away. He flipped his body to look at Steve, and gave the man a peck on the cheek. Steve just smiled his smile. The smile Tony loves so much.
But he couldn’t have him. This was just a one off and would never happened again, Tony reasoned. He needed to calm down and take a cold shower. They were never going anywhere. There wasn’t a Steve and Tony in the future. There wasn’t a Tony and Steve. Damm, there wasn’t a Tony and everyone in the future! Tony has brought his hopes up for nothing, he had brought Steve’s hopes up, but was selfish enough to try and get a taste of that life. Tony was wasting Steve’s time, he knew he was, and he needed to go. Steve’s buff arms weren’t going to stop him, Tony needed to go.
“Jarvis, show me where Tony is.” He ordered. The GPS popped the direction and started the car. He tried to keep his voice steady and not as shaky as he felt.
No one in the Tower, as far as Thor knew, could sing. All he could do was wonder who held this magnificent voice, who singed with a airily grace. A type of grace that could rival some of Asgard’s vocalists.
People could have died, Steve thought as he knocked the door. Clint could have gotten more than a broken ankle, Steve thought. Why wasn’t he there, Steve thought.
Tony followed loosely behind but stayed at the door when Steve hopped into the bed. Steve recognized that Tony must have been shy or something because he had to pat the bed for Tony to hop in. The man stayed on the edge of the bed, and indulged himself in blankets.
Steve entertained Tony with his day, the usual, until Tony’s breathing became deeper. Tony has fell asleep on him, again.  Just like the nigh before and the night before that. Steve whispered a goodnight and ended the call.
Tony lunged at the man, their lips connecting. He felt Steve’s arms around his waist and relished in the touch. The kiss was quick and dry, but it didn’t matter. Steve was his own.
If it was this well hidden, it had to be something dangerous. Or crazy. She had once seen Tony and Clint tie balloons around their waist, go to the roof and see if they would fly. They did a whole YouTube video. She knew the boys she lived with, this room couldn’t live up to that.
“No, your not! Your suit clashes with your shoes and your hair isn’t brushed. Pepper and Happy aren’t even here! This has to be perfect and we’re running behind.” Tony rambled before pacing around the room shoeless, “And my socks are mismatched!”
Unfortunately, everything reminded him of Tony. Everything was so Tony. Especially their painting he hung in his room.
Thor frowned. Why was tony so quick to shoot himself down? Why was it so easy to just assume he was terrible.
As if the universe wanted to torment him any more, it was Tony. Perfect Tony with his perfect brown eyes and his perfect hair. The black tuxedo fitting him perfectly in all the right places. Tony’s soft face was scrunched up in confusion as reached to take hold of Steve’s fists.
But once out of the limo, it vanished. His paparazzi smile engulfed his face like it belonged there. It was cool and suave. He looked in control. A total difference of  what Clint had just witnessed in the last hour. Tony wrapped his arm around Peppers waist and looked ready for war. They were the definition of a power couple and gave the paparazzi what they wanted.
Ok, that was good prize. Movie nights could be pretty monstrous if a specific person got to choose the movie. Such as when Bruce picked some documentary and a pillow fight was thrown out of the boredom. Then the hulk came for a visit. Then, the hulk forced them to sit down and watch quietly.
Comment for prompts or anything you want me to write next. Just the character and an idea and I’ll see if I can do it
Steve’s face fit perfectly in the crook of Tony’s neck, the blond giving Tony a kiss along his collarbone. The blonde held Tony close, wrapping both arms around the smaller mans waist. Tony shivered at the contact.
“Yeah I gotta go too, I guess. The gym and stuff, with Nat. Or Clint or. . . Well I’ll see you at dinner right?”
And he was willing to admit that there was some attraction involved to the smaller man. But just a bit.
The line led to a figure, and as Tony got closer he noticed it was Steve.  Thank God it was Steve! The Captain would know what to do. He would know how to get out of here. Then Tony would be able to calm down and go home. Steve would save them.
Steve moved the comforter over both their bodies, placing his head in the crook of Tony’s next. He found one of Tony’s tiny hands and gave it a squeeze.
Tony was perfectly fine alone. Perfectly fine alone in the lab where no one would find him and bug him about love. Steve wouldn’t find him there and bug him.
“Well I guess that’s it. I don’t really know anything else, and don’t tell Clint I said that. Then he’ll be on my back too. I can’t handle both Clint and Steve. I’ll be chaos. Well, see you later Thor.”
“Well, Bucky had to get me out every fight and patched me up for the next time i got hurt. He even did it when we were in the howling commandos; buck was always there for me. And your probably asleep now, aren’t you?” Steve ran his fingers through Tony’s hair, moving the curls out of Tony’s eyesight. “Goodnight and sweet dreams and all that.”
Wassup, tried to get this finished as fast as possible for y’all in this trying time. Please Comment if you can, I’m always grateful
“Sit on the bed and get comfy. Let me just-“ Tony rummaged through the first Aid kit for whatever tools he needed. Steve followed the orders and stared at Tony. This wasn’t helping himself, he knew it wasn’t. Maybe he needed to cut ties?Soon Tony turned around with a bright smile on his face, tweezers and small bandages in his hands. “Doctor Stark is here,” Tony tried to lighten the air.
She slid towards the end of the last hallway. Her hands made waves on the walls, trying to get a feel for anything. A simple cut in the wall or a shaky part. Something!
Ok, Steve thought, something clearly must be wrong. Tony enjoyed being the center of attention and was always talking. Now it sounded like he was afraid of his voice with how all he did was whisper. His voice was horse and quiet enough that if you didn’t look at Tony’s face, you would already know he had been crying. The man was so closed in tight into himself that Steve began to grow worried.
“Ok, so what are the rules?” Natasha edged on. She was eating popcorn while laying her head in Steve’s lap. Steve kinda wished it was Tony but Natasha was ok.
But Clint could still see the worry in Tony’s eyes. Throughout the night Tony sounded like the Tony Stark Clint knew but he didn’t look like it. After every interaction he would ask if what he said was ok and if he did what he was supposed to do.
Tony was put to bed and now it was time for Steve to leave. No matter how much Steve wanted to stay to make sure Tony was okay or didn’t choke on his own puke he couldn’t. He wanted to talk about Tony about this so badly but it wasn’t his business. He wasn’t Tony’s boyfriend, he wasn’t even Tony’s friend. He was just his teammate.
“Oh god, you’re nothing like your dad. Your worse. Tell me I’m wrong. You can’t because you know I’m right.” Steve growled at the man. He was walking towards Tony quickly, with the intent to kill running deeply in his eyes. Tony didn’t know what was happening. Why was Steve so mad? He looked at his hands and saw red. There was blood covering his hands, dripping to the floor. It stood out against the white. Maybe he was different than his dad. Tony killed people, Howard’s saved people. Tony hurt people, Howard was loved by all.
This party wasn’t a complete failure, Clint said to himself. The contest was in the back of his mind, but learning this new thing about Tony made him happy. To finally have some way to connect with the man than just awkwardly conversing whenever the man was in the room. Or when he needed new weapons and tech.
“I was in the neighborhood. Come on, let’s get in the car.” Steve had almost all of Tony’s weight of him, which wasn’t much, and helped him in the backseat. He buckled the seat belt around Tony’s waist before he got in the front to drive.
The words he said were shitty and harsh. Steve wouldn’t say those things to anyone else, like Thor, if they were in this situation. So why was he like this towards Tony?
“Hey Steve, you there? How was your day, well night? I hope your making the bed, I do not want to come back to a messy room.” Came through the phone. Only Tony would worry about that, Steve sighed with a faint smile.
Steve moved towards the blanket and threw it over Tony. The man snuggled into the warmth the blanket brought, and Steve heart just about burst. Now he really looked like a cat.
“Jarvis didn’t tell me ok,” Tony finally sighed, done with the fight,” He didn’t tell me so I wasn’t there.”
Steve wouldn’t kick him out. It was Steve! The most mean thing the man would do is not come to door. The most was actually start a conversation on good of a person Tony was- Tony didn’t need that much.
He watched Steve stare at him, then run out the room, as his own eyes began to water. The slam caused him to flinch and he couldn’t hold it together any longer. The lump was becoming undone as he chin wobbled. Tony looked around for a answer, something that told him he made the right decision. But this was just a hotel room and he was just a man, not the fucking universe.
But Steve didn’t deserve him. No matter how much Steve looked like he wanted this, with those big hopeful eyes, he was too good for someone like Tony. The brunette wasn’t going to let this happen, he just couldn’t. He didn’t want Steve to go through that pain.
Nat could help him find someone, it wouldn’t be hard. But now they were watching Cartoons and setting him up could wait another day. They both were clearly exhausted, the juice boxes making it worse, and Tony’s love life could be put on hold for now. Just for one afternoon of napping, of course.
“Oh I see. You just wanted to get close with me huh?” Steve jokes. But Tony didn’t laugh, he didn’t smile, his neck didn’t even turn red. Something truly terrible must have happened. All Tony did was flirt.
“Just go.” Tonys voice quivered throughout the room when he figured his hoping wasn’t going to work.
“Come with me, I’ll take care you,” Tony slightly gripped Steve’s arm with a smile and lead them away from the party, “Your in luck. I always book a room just in case the party becomes too much or something else happens.” Tony climbed the stairs two at a time, not daring to look back at Steve behind him.
Last time Steve saw him, Tony was going to a S.I meeting. If he has time to do that, Steve thought, then why wasn’t he at the battle? Tony had a responsibility to the team too, you know! It wasn’t hard to show up when the rest of the team could. It wasn’t hard to do your goddamn job!
Once taking up his invite to live in the Stark Tower, now named Avengers Tower, they expected Tony to be loud, annoying and over the top.
The song he was singing sounded old, completely different from the upbeat and techno music of today. It was smooth and easy to understand but also lovey dovey. Then Thor remembered the songs Steven had shown him, the ones from the early 1940’s and 50’s he said, that sounded really similar to what Tony was singing.
Tony looked up at Steve, starting to get nervous as he made eye contact. The room felt smaller as they began focused on one another.
Tony needed to find the blonde. He needed someone to tell him that it all wasn’t true. That he wasn’t evil. Then he could go back to sleep on the couch.
Despite his trials, Tony was very encouraging towards Thor and never said something harsh. And Thor noticed that Tony smiled more now than he ever seen, not even in the lab or when he was talking about science.
around himself, as of it was holding everything together. That gave her his answer. He wasn’t ok. Anyone could see that he wasn’t ok.
Steve drove through the more grimy part of New York where he know Tony wouldn’t be there willingly. He knew how much of a rich boy Tony was and knew Tony wouldn’t step anywhere close in this part of town. Tony didn’t even know about this part of town!
He stayed in his corner, lurking at the other man. Studying his way of singing. Such as, moving his hands when he sung and slightly swaying his body. Thor could notice that he was deep in the song and wouldn’t be able to notice him, as he moved towards another hiding nook.
But Tony’s floor was neat. A bit too neat, like it wasn’t lived in much. This couldn’t be Tony’s floor! The colors weren’t him and Steve had seen Tony’s lab, he was messy. And there wasn’t a blanket in sight. Steve had always seen Tony with a huge blanket around his shoulders looking tiny was ever. This just couldn’t be his floor.
Steve needed to give it back. The last string needed to be cut no matter how much he didn’t want it too.
“I come here when things get too much. Or when I need to stop thinking. Just something to remind me that it’ll be ok, I think. Maybe. I don’t know, but I know it’s safe.” He blurted looking a his hands, he spared at glimpse at Natasha, eyes full with a pinch of fear.
“Just stop it Steve. Stop it!” Tony almost shrieked, arms swinging in a ‘x’ fashion. He breathing deeply now, trying to gain control of his panic and Steve wasn’t helping. Tony didn’t have time for love, he didn’t deserve it anyway. He wasn’t a relationship guy, no one wanted him long term, it just wouldn’t work out.
”I’m sorry okay. I’m sorry.” He face turned soft, in a way Steve had never seen before when his eyes opened a little bigger and his eyebrows raised. He looked younger, not as stressed as he always was. “I’m sorry.”
“Steve you know what I mean! I can’t hold a relationship because I’m me. I’m too much work and you deserve someone better who isn’t going to bring you down. I’m a disappointment, Steve! Im good for a one night stand and that’s it, then I leave. It just wouldn’t work out. I’m just-” Tony was panting. He had been knowing this since he was 20, but saying it out loud gave it a newfound anger he didn’t know he had. He felt some lonely tears fall down but those were full of rage and felt hot on his skin.
Tony eyes grew wide. He took the scarf from Thors hand, never looking Thor in the  eye. He couldn’t take his eyes off of the scarf, it was fixed, brand new. He couldn’t  believe it. Tony began to smile towards Thor.
“I don’t know, Steve. I don’t know.” He whispered. Those words were too much for the lump in his throat to handle, but Tony kept it together.
The bartender snuck glances at the blonde, pity sketched on her face, as she pushed a shot of whiskey in from of Steve.
The warm lips against Tony’s skin caused goosebumps to form as his hair stood up. Tony shut his eyes tight, those tears failing to fall. He needed to go before he got emotional and actually tried to talk out a way they could be together. But Steve hugged tighter, Tony almost loosing his breath, but it felt good. God it felt so good.  The hug, Steve’s warm arms, those soft kisses- it was perfect. Tony wanted it to last forever.
But he wasn’t here for that, he was here to fix his stupid hand after acting like a idiot. Tony was probably just feeling pity for him, Steve thought, and he knew he would do the same if he saw himself.
“I remember what my mom would do when I would hop into her bed. She would make me a mug of hot chocolate, kinda like the way Nat makes it. Then she would tuck me in her bed and tell me about her day at the hospital but making it exciting. Like if a doctor delivered a baby that day, she would change up the name and make them into a monster that messed up the hospital. She used to tell a lot of monster stories, i don’t why, when she had a kid that didn’t want nightmares.” Steve chucked. Tony was listening, he could tell, but wasn’t anywhere close to sleep. His eyes just stared at Steve’s in deep concentration. Steve soon grew insecure under Tony’s constant glaze, “Sorry if I’m talking too much or its too much infor-“
