If you enjoyed, just know I'll update as soon as I possibly can and I'm glad there's at least someone reading my work and reaching this part. Thank you. Truly.
So... for example, when it's 11 AM in London, it's like 6AM in my publishing time (which does not coincide with the time in my country but whatever)
Thank you all so much for the support! :)
John knew it was wrong. He knew Sherlock had to be the one to tell him all this. To share it with him.
“I don’t care. Sherlock could’ve been a murderer in his former life for all I care. As long as he is who he is now, I’ll be there for him and I will not spy him on for you or help you with any twisted idea you have. Not for all the money in the world. Now do me a favour and leave so Sherlock and I can solve this case.” John went up the stairs and, before opening the door to apartment B, he turned to Mycroft. “Goodbye.”
The man, Mycroft, walked outside, most likely waiting for John to follow him. He carried himself as if he were very important, but it was laughable.
And he meant every letter of it.
“What d’you want?” he spit out. He had told Sherlock that Mr Government needed to get laid and he wasn’t opposed to saying just as much to the man’s face.
“Of course he does! You bastard! Mike and I know about your— uh— crush on Sherlock. D’you see him snogging a girl or something? What’s gotten you so down, mate?” Greg really got loose— looser than he already was, which was strange— when he drank. Mycroft needed someone like that in his life— or death or whatever.
Some more simple John and Sherlock cuteness.
He himself got home and, before even taking off his shoes, was opening the fridge and eating any leftovers he could find, being lucky enough to find one of Aunt Charlotte’s unfinished pies. He’d have to go shopping for the poor woman, if he wanted her to keep cooking for him. It would be inhuman to force her to carry the groceries by herself.
When there was a knock at the door— strong and enthusiastic, but not hesitant enough to be a client or someone from his homeless network with information— Sherlock knew it was John.
John frowned, “Of course I don’t. Why’d you think that?”
“Because they’re all idiotic and dull. Just like you.” He smirked, hoping it hurt. Yates didn’t react, writing down in his notebook again. The lack of response from the doctor only hardened his resolve to continue being difficult.
it. The boredom is crushing.
“Umm…” Though he was young, he was rarely at a loss for words but there was something about his father that sent his heart racing and his palms sweating.
Sherlock shrugged, looking out the window, a smile still on his lips as he thought of John. “I told the truth.”
“As I said, you wouldn’t understand.” Sherlock yanked the string, pulling up more in the process, knowing his mother would be livid but he couldn’t seem to care. The furniture was more important than he was. His brother went back to ignoring him and Sherlock just wanted to scream at him about how stupid and fat he was. Ever since he became a teenager, he had become insufferable and stopped playing with Sherlock. He claimed he had to “grow up” and be “responsible.” He cared so much about their fathers opinion and it set Sherlocks teeth on edge. He couldn’t wait for the summer holiday to be over and not have to see Mycroft’s stupid, fat face until Christmas. The clock struck five and Mycroft spoke once more. “Don’t you have to be somewhere?”
“John…” Sherlock approached slowly. “You don’t want to come to my family’s Christmas ‘festivities.’ “
“Why is that?”
“You’re all right?” Sherlock looked him over as best as he could with the layer of blankets.
“How’d you-“
“Sherlock?”
“Sherlock, you know you can’t make jokes. No one understands when you’re joking.” John groaned.
“Hold on!” He had been told where John was…that was all he could get out of Eurus but it would have to do. Sherlock pulled off his belstaff and let it fall to the ground, carefully climbing up and sitting on the edge, his feet dangling into the well. He reached out to the chain that wrapped around the crank and pulled on it, finding it sturdy enough to climb down, using the walls to support himself. He let go as he reached John, gasping as the freezing water chilled him to the bone. He took a deep breath and plunged into the water, his hand following down John’s leg, to the chain wrapped around and clapped by a lock. He cursed and went above water that was nearly over John’s head now. He took out his lock pick from his trouser pocket and quickly went to work. His head was pounding as the freezing water began to immobilise him. Just as he nearly ran out of breath and he could feel his lungs burn with the need for oxygen, the lock snapped open and he pushed John up to the surface. Sherlock quickly followed, gasping for air.
“Since when can you do that?!” Sherlock just blinked at him as if he was bored of the question and crawled back out. “Right…well. C’mon let’s go check the traps.” It was a routine of their every day, Sherlock would follow John through the forest where he set his traps and Sherlock would delight in making John laugh as he changed the colours of his scales or pranced around through the brush. It was his favourite sound in the entire world.
“Mycroft?” His brother didn’t pause in his playing, eyes still closed.
“It’s not that...we just haven’t gone out in a while...I know your cases are important but-“
“Very well. Let’s get him cleaned properly.” John sniffed and breathed back the tears that still threatened. He held the white dragon protectively as he brought him inside and started to show him around. The creature in his arms looked up at the boy, hardly paying attention to John’s tour. He didn’t understand the human. He was kind and gentle…he wanted to help, as if they were friends.
“That is shit and you know it!”
“I’m sorry?”
It was never signed. John frowned, trying to understand what it meant. He had been receiving these letters for months now and he didn’t know what to make of them. Someone was very adamant about expressing their…devotion to John but he had no idea who it was.
“Since when do we ever follow tradition?” John laughed and went into Sherlock’s arms, kissing him lovingly.
God, I could really use a cigarette. I checked in my usual hiding places but came up empty each time. In my frustration I didn’t notice John was watching me until I had finished my search.
“John, even I have limits to-“ He paused as his phone rang and he took it out, answering in hushed whispers. John looked over at Sherlock who had his eyes closed and his hands steepled in front of him. Mycroft turned, “Well, it seems you are in luck. You are needed. Sherlock.” He hadn’t opened his eyes and Mycroft frowned, John jostling his shoulder.
it.” I held the bag so tight that my fingernails embedded into the skin of my palm.
“What did you do now?” Mycroft groaned.
“Has he…” She just smiled, which made John’s stomach flutter and then tea was served. Sherlock and Mycroft were relaxed-themselves. John on the other hand had a hard time keeping his hands still. The three of them fell into conversation as John just sat there, having a hard time processing everything. Mycroft excused himself at one point to answer a call so The Queen (No…Sherlock’s grandmother?) turned towards Sherlock and John.
Silence. John didn’t know how long they stood in silence as Sherlock’s wide eyes stared down at him in shock. It made John increasingly nervous as he waited for his response. “Sherlock…please…say something.”
“Did you say, thank you?” She nodded again and Sherlock placed breakfast and tea before John. He looked at it, surprised anytime Sherlock did anything domestic but smiled. Sherlock leaned down and kissed John softly, “How are you feeling?” Sherlock sat back down in his chair but kept his focus on John.
“You-what?”
“Morning, love.”
“Just what, Sherlock?”
I’m missing every part.”
“Sher-“
The other children laughed and called him names as he grabbed his book and sat outside. He hated every single one of them. Sherlock opened his book but paused as he saw an older boy walking down the hall. He was late, obviously lost. “Hey, sorry, do you know where room B94 is?” Sherlock looked up at him, completely entranced. He had blonde hair and beautiful blue eyes.
“Now get some rest. We’re going to have a serious talk when you wake up.”
“What does that have to-“
His voice was cut off as John pushed him down into one of the chairs to have a height advantage and grasped his face, kissing him until both of them were breathless. Somehow John had ended up on Sherlock’s lap, still clutching his face, their foreheads pressed together, unwilling to let go.
“Mm. Very well.”
The white dragon had been asleep throughout the walk back but started awake when they approached John’s cottage, his mother already crying out at him. “John! I was so worried! I told you to be back before nightfall!”
“This is regarding some…sensitive information.” Mycroft sat across from John, looking at him with a frown. “If you recall, I once asked you, what your intentions were with my brother…Seeing as the two of you have shared the same flat for a few years now, I am afraid I must inquire again.” He was looking at John in that disapproving way but he knew that Mycroft did care for Sherlock, no matter his odd way of expressing it.
that I despise. I would end up paying more than necessary because now I am
“It’s Christmas, Sherlock! You’re supposed to spend time with your family!”
Sherlock closed his eyes and pulled the blanket up close to his chin. “We should get married.”
Things were complicated with him and Sherlock. They had been together for a few years now and were a couple for all intents and purposes but they hadn’t discussed taking it further. Sherlock was essentially, Rosie’s other guardian.
He was immediately distracted by the bird again, “You would eat peas wouldn’t you? I bet you’re just like them. That’s why you’re dead. Because you were too stupid to live.” He took the multitool and dissected the remaining organs until he had them all separate and on display. By the time he finished, it was nearing 11pm and he yawned, turning off his desk lamp and brushing his teeth before getting his pajamas on and climbing into bed. He closed his eyes and thought about what other birds must look like inside until he fell asleep.
Sherlock cleared his throat and stood up a bit straighter. “John, will you go with me, on date Saturday?” He felt like his heart would burst out of his chest.
“My head is tearing itself apart, I need a distraction! I-I can’t focus, I can’t sleep, I can’t eat. John…John you don’t have to tell Mycroft, just…go back downstairs and let me…I just need one…”
When it was burning, John stood and looked down at Sherlock who had been watching him as if he were a fascinating new insect. “No, I haven’t.” Sherlock replied to john’s unspoken question.
“Don’t patronise me!”
Sherlock lost all train of thought as John grabbed Sherlock by the collar and shoved him against the closest wall. “Shut up, Sherlock.”
“That blond boy?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Good morning Rosie. Did you sleep well?”
“And I did it
In a body without a heart.
Sherlock blinked a few times, trying to formulate what to say. “You…”
“I wanted to tell you that I'm not going to the…beach with you.” He said the word like it was repulsive.
Mycroft watched in surprise as he saw Sherlock waving goodbye to another boy, a smile on his face. Sherlock got in the car and sighed, “I made a friend today.”
They forced him to go outside during recess. They said he needed fresh air. He hated it because that left him in the war path, surrounded by every child that hated him. He tried to sneak past the playground and go to a small alcove he had found to read in but he didn’t make it in time. Before he knew it, he was surrounded by other kids who called him names and made fun of how he spoke or dressed. Sherlock sank down to the ground, his hands covering his head as he curled up into himself, “Stop laughing at me!” He cried, shaking in fear.
Sherlock had been lounging around the cottage, waiting for John to return when he heard an unfamiliar voice and two sets of footsteps in the distance. One tread was familiar, John, he would know it anywhere but the other was foreign and fear rippled through his body. A low growl emitted deep from within, his ears flattening against his skull. His tail whipped as he stalked towards the front door, pushing at it with his head to see if it was indeed locked. The new voice grew closer, Sherlocks tension rose higher, claws digging into the floor. He could hear John encouraging the other to leave but the intruder continued to talk on, unaware that a very protective dragon was not far away.
“Tell us about yourself, Sherlock.” The teacher said gently.
John laughed and took his hand, guiding him to the water, Sherlock having completely forgotten about his earlier apprehensions.
“Are you ashamed to be with me Sherlock?”
“Shut up!” Sherlock stormed past John into their bedroom, picking out an outfit to wear.
“Stop talking about me as if I’m not here! Tell me what’s going on!”
Sherlock sat down and steepled his hands, looking for the perpetrator. “John, shut up.”
Sherlocks eyes slowly opened and took stock of his surroundings. He was still on the couch but the doctor was no longer on his. He lay on the floor, eyes open and lifeless, his body stiff and sherlock knew instantly that he was dead. The remorse he should feel never came but was replaced with curiosity. What happened? Did he have a heart attack? He
“It’s alright Mrs. Holmes. We don’t mind. Do we Sherlock?” He glared at the taller man who still avoided his gaze.
I felt cold suddenly. Of course John would finally come to terms with his sexuality and find some…someone else. My chest feels like someone’s sitting on it. I lean against the wall and close my eyes. Torture.
“I know a lot of things…” He mumbled, feeling dejected by his brothers dismissal of him.
“Three years.” Sherlock gave the man a smile that only John knew was fake.
“Right, well I’m going out.” He got up and threw on his jacket, Sherlock frowned at him.
“I don’t think you’re stupid Sherlock but some things are best left to the adults.” Sherlock didn’t reply to that, hoping that his anger was plainly obvious. “Let’s switch gears. I want to talk about your schooling. Your parents informed me that you were expelled from your previous school last year. Can you tell me about that?” Sherlock knew that Yates wouldn’t leave him alone until he told the truth but Sherlock hated to repeat it when the doctor already knew about it.
“I’m not going to hurt you. Remember me? I’m John. I found you in the forest. Please come down…you’re bleeding again.” He sighed and sank down on to his knees, hoping he would seem less threatening. The dragon watched him, his tail flickering against the curtain. His Mum would be angry when she returned from the market. There were claw marks and holes in the curtain, shattered mug pieces all over the floor, the chair was probably broken too. John waited for ten minutes, the dragon refused to move, glaring down at the boy menacingly. John sighed and stood, starting to clean up the mess as the dragon watched from his perch. When he was done cleaning, John looked up at the dragon, “I bet you’re hungry, hmm?” That didn’t make him move but John walked over to the kitchen and pulled out some fish that his Mum had cooked that morning before she left. John sat on the floor by the window, a plate of fish and bread in his lap, looking up at the dragon. “Mmm, this is delicious.”
“Mmm but you know nothing about sociopolitical issues now, do you?” He still hadn’t looked up. Sherlock frowned and picked at a loose string on the chairs upholstery.
In the middle of the lake stood a grand tree on a small island, just enough to support the roots that dipped down into the water. He looked up at the tree and frowned at its lack of leaves. It was summer and every tree was in bloom except for this one. He wadded over to it, wondering if it was dead, maybe it had drowned in the water. The roots were massive and extended past where Sherlock could see under the water. He used them to climb up onto the island and was immediately hit by cold. He shivered and wrapped his arms around his small frame but he wasn’t deterred, curious about this strange tree. He stepped up to the trunk and reached out to touch it, feeling the smooth bark under his fingertips. He made his way around the tree, stepping on the roots to make his way around until he was back at the front where he started. He froze, eyes wide as he looked upon a hole at the bottom of the tree that he swore had not been there before. His heart raced but curiosity got the better of him as he crouched down to look.
“If you don’t want me to go to the party with Sarah, you need to give me a better offer.” John smiled a bit.
“I don’t care what you do, John. Just stay out of my business.”
“The fact that you don’t know means you’re an idiot,
Prompt: fake/pretend relationship with one of them kissing the other unexpectedly and being totally casual about it while the other is freaking out internally.
“If you don’t tell me, you’re going with me.” Sherlock, stubborn as all hell, didn’t say a word. They left early that morning, packing the car for the day. “Do you want me to drive?” John asked.
“Not as clever as you think. We found your stash.” John should be proud of this, outwitting me but he was frowning, why? “You quit months ago, what’s this about?”
As they pulled away to catch their breath, Sherlock wrapped his long arms around John and buried his face in John’s neck. “I love you too, John Hamish Watson.”
There was a heavy weight on John when he woke up the next morning. His eyes fluttered open to investigate, only to stare in shock as the source of the weight turned out to be the white dragon he had rescued the night before. It’s wings were tucked in close, the tail wrapped around one of John’s legs and the head buried into his neck. John’s heart raced for a moment before he calmed down and watched the white dragon sleep. The only sign that the dragon was still asleep was the small rise of its body as it took in deep breaths. John had no idea when the dragon had decided to leave the nest.
“I’m not going.” I mumbled, still hiding from John.
John didn’t know and I had no intention on telling him.
John cleaned up the dragon properly and bandaged him with his mothers help. He made a nest out of blankets and pillows on his bed and placed the dragon inside. John watched as the small creature tried to stay awake, looking at John as if he was everything in the entire world. John laid next to the dragon, smiling as he watched him fall asleep. John watched the dragon a while longer before his own eyes closed and he slipped into slumber.
“Sherlock.” Mycroft frowned, stepping forward and grasping his chin roughly. Sherlock groaned at the disturbance, “Did you make a list?”
‘There are none.
“I have another envelope, of the situation reversed. Do you want to see it?”
“Going somewhere?” John asks and sits down in his chair with a huff, kicking off his shoes.
“Yes?” His voice was nearly hidden amongst the melody.
Prompt: John catches Sherlock singing and Sherlock gets embarrassed.
“I already did.”
“S?” John frowned, watching as the dragon searched down at the page, “h…e…r…l. Your name is Sherl?” The dragon snarled and continued, “o…c…k…” The dragon sat back and looked expectantly up at John. “Sher…lock. Sherlock. Is that your name?” The dragon moved and climbed up John’s arm again to wrap around his shoulders. “Sherlock. It’s nice to meet you.” John stroked a hand down Sherlock’s tail and smiled as he buried his face in John’s neck and fell back asleep.
“My old room. I’m going to sleep for a few more hours and then we’re going to the beach.”
“Morning, Daddy!” Rosie grinned and waved her spoon at him. John chuckled and kissed her head.
“Well…”
A ladder was rolled down, much like what was used during a sea rescue. Sherlock helped John up to the first step, helping him grasp it, “Pull John up!” Sherlock watched, his heart still racing as John was slowly pulled out of the well. He collapsed against the freezing wall surrounding him as John was out of sight. He could barely feel his own limbs but that didn’t matter, John was safe now. Sherlock carefully climbed up to the first step of the ladder as it came down for him, being pulled up and hauled over the edge. He was suddenly consumed with heavy blankets and guided over to an ambulance where John was sat, shivering as the paramedic checked his vitals.
“Hush, boy. I will not sit here any longer and see you sacrifice companionship for crime. Doctor Watson, would you find tomorrow at 7pm, a suitable time to have dinner with my grandson?”
“I hit someone.”
John couldn’t believe his ears, “I-I’m sorry?”
“John. I loathe everything about it. The people…the food…the sand…the people-“
So, when I was immersed in Sherlock’s war within London, it felt very much the same. Within the first few days of our involvement, I had killed a man. A bloody awful man but a man still the same. I wold rationalise it as defence, Sherlock had been in danger. While I may not be able to always be there to stop him from risking his life, I silently vowed to try. I was back in the war, and I had never felt more at home.
“Sherlock, I told you I wasn’t dating anymore.”
“Of course, love. You’ll pick her up after?” John nodded and ate his breakfast beforehand getting ready for work.
“Yes…” Sherlock whispered as John came up to him. His eyes lingering on John’s lips.
“Where’d you go?” Sherlocks voice was groggy from sleep.
I turned on my heel in frustration and curled up in my chair. John would leave…how long would he be gone? What if the house was broken into while he was there, alone? I knew I had to go but the thought of the vast depths, able to crush the body to nothing as it sank lower and lower-no! Stop.
“He’s a white dragon, Mike. You know how rare they are. If hunters find out that he’s here…they’ll kill him. I won’t let that happen.” John protectively wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s neck.
“Open it.”
John sighed and rolled over to look at him, “Of course I do you idiot. You can make it up to me tomorrow.” John rolled back over, falling asleep rather quickly. Sherlock lay on the futon listening to John breathe. When he was sure that John was completely asleep, he got up and crawled into the bed with him, wrapping his arms around John as not to wake him. Only then, could Sherlock close his eyes and fall asleep.
Mrs Hudson sighed. He looked up at her and noted the way she held herself with her hands at her hips and a displeased look on her face.
He’d also had a lot of troubling frustration when John Watson had punched the pillock Philip Anderson and broken his nose, causing it to rupture tons of vessels and to bleed into his clothes and all over his face.
Most of what he needed was available and he even bought his Aunt’s favourite biscuits— they weren’t included on the list she’d given him, but they were on a two-for-one sale, and she’d approve of his choice, the cheap lady.
The big question mark in his puzzle, the missing piece that would connect all missing pieces, was: why now?
There was a strong attempt at drawing a smile or winky face, but it was futile. He settled for his mobile number.
Let's just say... John's life is complicated.
“That’s it,” he said, moving around the minefield of papers without ruining anything and reaching for a post it note. He stole a pen from Sherlock’s hand— which went unnoticed— and scribbled the first name that came to mind on it. “Time to play a game.”
As soon as his Aunt had found out he was going to a friend’s house, she’d almost chewed his ear off with all her complaining about his generation and the lack of chivalry. Therefore, there John was: on his way to Baker Street with a pie he’d been forced to learn the recipe to and bake.
“That was Sherlock, John,” she explained, smiling brightly at him. Very uncommon name. He was shocked for a brief second, but relaxed when he saw Mike looking interested as well. The head of black curls, all of a sudden, snapped up and focused on them for a fraction of a second, looking away quickly, more quickly than John could’ve possibly believed had he not been looking. John dropped his eyes to the floor in embarrassment.
“Well, he
"Shall we... talk?"
The train was almost empty and he knew it wouldn’t take long, but his shoulders still sagged and his mind wandered to darker alleys. Until the final stop, he couldn’t rip his head from thoughts of comparison of his soon-to-be life at uni in London and his grandfather’s stories about the war.
Hope you enjoy! Sorry I couldn't post in the morning, but I did my best! And it's still Monday (ET/SET), so we're good!
Harry sighed, on the other side of the line. He heard her move around, and assumed she’d moved a few meters away from their grandparents so they wouldn’t snoop on the conversation, as well. After all, that was granny’s favourite hobby.
She seemed satisfied with his inattentive answer, kissing his cheek, lingering there a couple of seconds more than necessary—
A brieze hit John in the back and rushed past him and he knew he was done for even before he saw three sets of shoulders squaring and straightening up with a hostile stance to match.
John turned around and made his way home.
She was so unfocused that it didn’t seem to affect her mood in the least. She simply patted his arm and went in search of another drink, stopping to chat with her friends. He clearly heard the word “boyfriend” being thrown around.
With Sherlock going back and forth from his place on the floor to the wall— the one with the face— where he’d glue some cut out from a photograph or some information about a suspect or the victims.
At lunch, Mike messed up the hair at the top of John’s head as a greeting when he sat down between him and Molly, in front of Lestrade. “Mate, did you stab that Sherlock guy with a pencil, or something? The guy looked like he was in pain or somethin’.”
Moriarty was acting with surreal confidence and assumed a comfortable position. Which was odd for someone who’s territory had just been invaded by someone uninvited.
The entire house was exactly as he’d remembered it: a two-bedroom small house– no smaller than every other house in the bloody city– with fading, torn-at-the-edges wallpaper and furniture with the faint smell of mothballs. It reminded him faintly of his grandfather’s study, which gave him the faint illusion of belonging.
“Negative. Has Sherlock ever told you what he used to do to end his strikes of boredom? What lengths he’d go to to calm and quiet his brain?”
Mike looked cheerful at that, punching his shoulder with excitement. “You’re gonna love this,” he said. “My old schoolmate, Lestrade— he’s taking Law— is on the team, too. We were gonna meet after practice, so you should come!”
“Maybe I should go.” John tried, rising from the chair.
“Does he work for the government or something?”
“Oh, yeah, she and Gloria left earlier. They—” but John wasn’t listening anymore, as he caught sight of Anderson— who, in John’s mind, had been marked as ‘the bastard’, which he’d taken a liking to, because he completely deserved it— and his girlfriend Sally laughing as they shook an unopened can of spray paint. How they were so drunk already, John couldn’t be sure, since Anderson’s nose had so much stuff keeping it in place he looked like an exotic bird exposing its beak. He was sure he couldn’t drink much, with that on his face.
things. Relationships.
John was just glad he had it with him. Although he felt very unsettled, knowing someone— one of Mycroft’s minions who could, or not, be vampires— had gone through his things.
John was surprised at how unoriginal these morons were with insults, until he remembered the last person they had called a
John,” he all but spit, getting up and looking around. He absolutely did not
Thank you for the kind comments you've been leaving here. I'm excited others are enjoying this
If only he hadn’t the need to distract them long enough to get John out of there and to not let it show that it cared. If they knew, they’d have an advantage, because Sherlock still had no knowledge of their pressure points— except for Moran’s obvious love for Moriarty, which he was still unsure of in terms of nature and how requited it was.
As soon as I realized I was late on my update, I came here to post! I didn't even have the chapter reviewed or beta'd!!
The real question was: why?
“In... our culture it is considered rude to ask for one’s age. But I must admit I am more than a mere couple of centuries ahead of you in terms of age. Sherlock, however, isn’t even five years your senior.”
Trying to clear his mind, he rushed down the stairs, opening the door.
“John brought you a pie.” He pointed to John’s hands, then turned and continued his way up the stairs. “Hurry along, John.”
As soon as Sherlock had asked him for help, John had been suspicious. The only thing he could help Sherlock regarding his cases was by standing there shooting praises as Sherlock analysed some file or picture, or to tell him how long the body had been dead, judging by a picture of the person’s fatal wound. Sometimes even by softening any interaction Sherlock had with people.
the government.”
“Would you like to come in for a cup of tea? I think I have some biscuits, too,” she said to him, in such a motherly manner his heart clenched inside his chest, giving him a sense of Deja Vu.
Rarities seemed to become routine when he was with John Watson.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is he your friend, Sherlock? Someone special?” She interrupted, smiling at him with something akin to hope.
She was wearing a sweet perfume, like strawberries and something else, and John took a deep breath when she stepped closer and touched his arm. He knew the move: the girl touched his arm, complimented his muscles, sometimes twirled her hair or bit her lip, and asked him out through batted eyelashes and bedroom eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
John was surprised when he recognized the street: it was the street Mrs Hudson lived in— where John had helped her carry the bags. If he was surprised before, he was even more so when the couple stopped right in front of 221. Talk about coincidences. The cafe— Speedy’s, he’d noticed before— was closed, and only the lights of the street lamps illuminated the street.
Oh, and of course Mycroft resorted to a toothy grin and laugh. As if John wasn’t aware of what those teeth could do to his neck. He’d never be scared of such an empty threat. Mycroft was clearly losing his touch.
“Hey, Mary,” he said, looking one last time at Sherlock’s retreating back, before trying to give the girl all his attention— which he was sure would look convincing on her side, but was a complete failure on his part.
John stood as still as he could, not letting them see how much adrenaline started rushing through his veins suddenly. At least, he hoped they couldn’t see it.
She even went to the flat above hers to complain about “treating such a lovely boy this way”, but stopped short in her tracks when she opened the door and no one was there to scold.
He didn’t sleep well that night. He didn’t cry any more, either, which was positive at least.
He couldn’t let his John— John? He wasn’t sure what applied anymore: had the hesitancy in John’s actions meant he’d regret everything later? Go back to some dull blonde, who giggled too much? Or was he
The other ones had become more alert faster than Sherlock could’ve even thought to stop it. That was the burden they carried: senses so sharp, they took over sometimes.
On his way to the tube station, through the rain, he had the impression of seeing a tall, dark, silhouette. It was just his tired mind and over creative imagination informing him of the need for a good night’s sleep, he supposed.
Great.
John was afraid to ask. He wasn’t even sure he was allowed to ask.
“Hm?” he asked her, too distracted to really care, organizing the piles of files: there was the confidential pile, which had information that he’d considered too dangerous for John to know; the pile he thought John would be able to help with— which meant John would be able to understand and would be too boring for Sherlock— and the pile of files that John could look at but would understand nothing of.
“How does that work?” John had been sure vampires were unable to have children. Unchangeable from the moment they were turned, Sherlock had explained.
John lifted an arm, looking around to see if anyone was looking, and sniffed, finding the smell to be nothing out of the ordinary. It wasn’t as if he had had practice, yet, and he had showered the previous night to sober up. No, it hadn’t been because of his smell.
“Sherlock,” he realised Mrs Hudson was saying, waving her hand in front of the papers scattered on the table. From the tone of her voice, he could tell she’d tried calling before and he’d been too lost to even notice or hear.
He took a deep breath before walking inside, forcing his feet to move and his head to stay up. Confidence was half of success, his mother used to say, alongside a soft caress to his cheek as the doctors wheeled her into her treatment room and she always held her chin up high.
John’s fingers were hurting from the strength of holding back from punching the man square in the face.
John turned around, slowly, and tilted his head up and up and up until he met a pair of eyes he still could not— for the love of him— bloody describe. “Yeah, no, sorry. I should just—”
His Aunt didn’t hover, just allowed him to unpack and get settled, offering him a cup of tea before retreating to bed.
“And which of us are you referring to, when you speak of stupidity?”
Thank you!
Someone sat beside him with a heavy breath and flushed face. The guy had round cheeks and was clearly out of breath, looking as if he’d just ran there or something, arranging his books and writing supplies, dropping a pen on the floor by John’s feet.
It was true: most of the time, if something wasn’t to Sherlock’s interest, he would immediately discredit it and erase it from his mind. The unusual bit was the fact that such disinterest had never fallen upon John before. Sherlock had always made sure to at least warn him, or to justify himself, before leaving John hanging.
He refused to do as told before getting to roll his eyes at Mycroft’s minion, though.
“It’s just polite,” she’d said, hushing him into the kitchen.
He looked around and saw Sherlock’s computer on the kitchen table. It was open and unlocked, which John took advantage of.
John lifted an eyebrow and made a sound similar to “Hm.”
Bloody hell, if someone heard his thoughts they would think him to be a teenage girl inviting her boyfriend over for the first time. Maybe he ought to stop behaving like one. It wasn’t like he did
His father had disapproved of his decision to move back to London for college, but no parent could really be disappointed when their child got into medical school with a Rugby spot guaranteed on the team.
“Just be sure not to die in the process, John. My dear brother suffers from the disadvantage of sentiment— for you, in particular, I’m afraid— and I do not wish to have to rescue him from his… old ways.”
Aunt Charlotte had been magnifically excited on his move, as well as surprised, for he had never hidden his distaste for London. She was so alone, he knew she’d accept his request for housing immediately.
Mycroft let out a chuckle. It sounded fake and was a clear threat: a couple of seconds worth of a flash of sharp fangs. The chuckle then stopped as abruptly as it had started. Displays of power.
(See the end of the chapter for
Now, why didn’t John believe that.
(See the end of the chapter for
on ‘is door.” He was so unsteady on his feet, he almost pulled Sally down with him, but she kept the two of them upright.
Hope you like it. This chapter has a different structure from the previous ones, but I like it.
The bag he had had with him had fallen to the ground as he was trying to gather his balance.
Thank you for the kind feedback!
There was an unfamiliar pressure curling itself around his neck and pressed into his chest, pulling and twisting until it became too hard to breathe. He didn’t know whether he’d better arrive early or late to make the right impression. All that sentiment probably backfired the moment he forgot his umbrella, forcing him to get slightly drenched. Great.
(See the end of the chapter for
Enjoy
However, what else could he do but show up? If Sherlock had used the case as an excuse to be close to John, then great. But, if John was wrong and Sherlock
I advise you to read the previous chapter again, just so you remember it well!!!
Hope you do, too.
“Oh, I— thank you?” He hadn’t sounded very sure as he’d said it, but he found he actually meant it. “If it’s not too much to ask, could we stop by my Aunt’s house first? I need to go get someth—”
The heavy bags of groceries she had were causing her pain, so he took them from her outstretched arms and his senses were assaulted with a— unfortunately— familiar scent.
He could learn everything of importance and erase everything useless. He could know
He was aware that Mary was talking, that she was tickling his biceft with her red, sharp nails trailing softly up and down, but he couldn’t focus on what she was saying— more precisely, he wasn’t interested in what she was saying. His brain registered something about a party, and maybe the mention of his friends’ names— he wasn’t sure, it was dull, and the adrenaline was abandoning his veins.
“Hi,” he told Sherlock.
A lot of people fantasized about living in the big city, about living the famous London life in the busy streets which are covered in a near-constant blanket of clouds. Most people had the stupid idea that London was so precious every famous person would just be walking down the streets with shopping bags in hand and welcoming whoever approached them for a friendly conversation. It probably rained more there than in the entire continent of Europe. It was exactly from such a suffocating, gloomy place his father had tried to escape from, taking John and his sister, Harry, when their mother had died.
“You don’t have to tell us, if you don’t want to, John.”
“OH! I’ve read about this one. Someone is killing people vampire style.” He still wasn’t sure how uncomfortable it made Sherlock whenever he used the word vampire, but he let it slide.
John loathed it.
The way the question passed Mycroft’s lips, there was no need for an answer.
He couldn’t possibly know, sure, but it was irritating to fight his urges to feed when they got too close.
Plus, the oranges had been enough for Sherlock to want to rip his own skin off. John Watson couldn’t know— or be blamed— of course, so he had kept the oranges close to himself and, everytime he gave Sherlock one, they were
“Go,” a voice— deep and low, which John recognized immediately, although he knew there was something different about it— sounded behind him.
John thought he’d accomplished his mission of intimidating them, until he noticed Sally’s eyes, filled with panic, traveling from something over his head to his face, moving back up again.
John always smiled after witnessing those moods. To know such a complex person could be passionate about something so simple was just precious.
There was an address written on it.
John chuckled and considered his options, but he wasn’t in the mood to explain, so he simply answered, “Maybe.”
They walked the small distance that remained and, at the door of 221— he checked the name of the street: Baker Street— she took out her keys and opened the door, taking the bag from John’s clutch once she had stepped inside.
Sherlock had even told him he was living there because it was better to hide in plain sight, because it attracted less attention and all. John adored that big brain of his. He just hoped he hadn’t screwed up with it with that kiss.
So, Sherlock would do his best to keep John far away from the truth about his— not so distant— past. And, if in the process he got to repeat the experiment of what had happened the previous day, he wouldn’t object.
John was too close. Just on the other side of the far wall. If he made any noise, they’d hear. If he breathed too quickly, they’d feel it. If Sherlock so much as glanced at him, they’d notice.
He looked dangerous.
He could be dealing with someone who’d been born even before births were even registered, which made it perfectly easy for the murderer to have gotten their hands on multiple fake identities over the centuries, or decades, or for however long they’d been around.
They complied, like the good friends they were.
They couldn’t see John. He refused to let them know of his existence. He would join their crazy group of murder before he allowed them to touch a hair in John’s head.
The only part of practice that displeased John was the rain that decided to haunt his days. It drifted away as time went by, but the wind grew stronger and colder.
The living room of the flat was complete chaos: there was a yellow, smiley face spray-painted on the wall; the only part of the floor not covered in stacks of documents was by the table— it looked like someone had pushed them around into a bigger pile to vacant a single, small place; the only piece of furniture not covered in books and other files was one of the arm chairs— the red one; and, as John moved over to where it joined the kitchen, he could see it was no different, going by the number of experiments adorning the space.
“Don’t
Sherlock would definitely know he’d used it, but hopefully wouldn’t be too upset.
“Really? What a shame, he’s such a sweet boy! Maybe you should invite him here.”
He partied with his mates for a while, managing to squeeze in a dance to the sound of the only good song he heard, but soon enough he was tired out of his mind.
“I don’t
But if he did have a reason to worry, then the variables were too many to calculate. A single blink outside of what he expected and he’d be frozen in place, stopping himself from offending John with an involuntary deduction.
your association with Sherlock Holmes?”
Any criticism (good or bad) is welcome!!!
Thanks to everyone who's been supporting me! I really appreciate it, guys!
There had been nothing special about the place, except for the fact that he could feel the adrenaline pump inside his veins when there was no pressure on him to take care of everyone who was falling apart– his sister needing constant watch, his mother being sick and dragging away with her all the happiness his father could manage to gather– and he was allowed to just be himself and play and run and
He couldn’t have that.
Sherlock recognized forthwith who the steps entering through the door belonged to: Mrs Hudson. She’d probably gone out to the store, although he hadn’t realized so, at first. He’d asked for a pen twenty minutes ago, but as he still had no pen anywhere near his person, he’d reached the conclusion of her absence.
Sherlock moved so fast, John struggled to see it happen. One second he was up, the next he had the file his brother had brought and was, once again, sitting by John’s side.
“Mind if I wait here a while, Mrs Hudson? Maybe he’ll be back soon.”
It was delicious, as usual, and he fell asleep on his bed with a half empty plate on top of him and crumbs everywhere.
Thankfully, he’d gotten ridden of anything too… explicit, after he’d moved into his Aunt’s house.
Plus, a teenage girl would be delighted to have her boyfriend push her up against a table and have his way with— what the hell was he thinking?
(See the end of the chapter for
The last man— and Sherlock knew too well the possessive position he assumed by Moriarty’s right— was Sebastian Moran.
John already loathed the guy.
For the first time since they’d started doing whatever it was they were doing, Sherlock touched him: he pulled at his hair and— looking at his mouth with half- lidded eyes— pulled him into a passionate kiss that was sure to leave John’s lips bruised for days.
Doing the only thing he could after he’d ignored whatever Irene was saying— something provocative, for sure— Sherlock curved himself into his most threatening position and flashed his fangs in a discreet manner.
Sherlock was on his back— almost laying down— and John was just above him.
In part, of course, because he could rip John’s throat before he even knew what hit him. The biggest reason, however, was because of Sherlock’s past— not the fact that he’d been human and miserable with his simple existence and the knowledge that he couldn’t learn everything.
“So, where are you from?” Mike asked, after basically dumping his entire life on John. He was actually a really cool guy. Although, as John started to explain his move from Slough, he could’ve sworn the girls were eavesdropping behind them. He chanced a look and stood uncorrected. He had never been paranoid, so of course they were right there murmuring, pointing and, once they saw him looking, blushing.
(See the end of the chapter for
Until, of course, he found a knife on a wall, near the fireplace, with a piece of paper in it.
“How lovely.”
That boy—Sherlock heard his group of friends mention his name once or twice, but couldn’t be bothered to remember it— was a complete idiot. He knew Molly, since she was a good lab partner— when he pressed enough, she just followed his lead and supplied the tools as he worked. If he was friends with her, he probably wasn’t too bad. Still, big enough of an idiot to get that close to Sherlock.
John hadn’t had time, on his first visit, to explore the flat.
He’d acquired— besides Mary’s— Sarah and Jeanette’s numbers. Both from different majors, but who looked friendly enough; Sarah was blonde, like Mary, but not as petite, which made her as tall as John and talked a lot about her dog; Jeanette, on the other hand, had darker hair and wasn’t as easy going, but had a lot of ambition.
He went in search of Molly, to check if she wanted to leave with him. If he was that knackered, he imagined the poor woman, who got fed up with people after simply a class with them. Mike found him in the ocean of people, tiptoeing to see over the waves of heads around him.
Mycroft’s features shifted aggressively into something darker, but didn’t cave to John’s provocation. John looked at his hands in his lap, listening attentively to the next words.
The first and only time he intervened was when Sherlock had become too careless— too close to uncovering his true self— and was in too much of a high to even care.
Having done most of his work for the day at uni, with Molly and Mike at the library, John considered his options and knew he’d better get the task over with, before he started occupying himself with something else.
He hadn’t actually ever used it on a living being before, but then again, he wasn’t completely sure vampires were alive or anything.
Maybe the intelligence thing was just him being optimistic. Sherlock was clearly the brains of the two of them. Which made John the muscles.
That was exactly when John— Sherlock had to find out his middle name— Watson made his deathbed: he appeared on the window, waving at Sherlock to catch his attention and probably trying to get himself completely slaughtered.
The house’s lights were off, although John could see shadows moving upstairs. Why anyone would do anything in the dark was beyond him.
John’s confidence broke for less than a second. He took a brief step back before composing himself once again. “I could be wrong,” John said, his fists clenching at his sides. “But I think that’s
A girl walked past him with her friends and giggled, looking sideways and holding eye contact. Taking that as a good sign, he smiled the same way he’d done every time he flirted. That smile had yet to fail him.
His hands moved to the collar of that same shirt and pulled them just that much closer, his lips never leaving Sherlock’s. Of course, that didn’t last long, for he could hear himself swallow every little moan escaping Sherlock’s mouth. He didn’t want those to stop. On the contrary, he wanted them to grow louder and filthier— he wanted them to make his life be rated for people over eighteen.
He had an easier time than predicted finding his way to the first class of the day. It was a shock he believed every student ought to go through after the first time witnessing such a room. The reality of the situation running through his veins like fire. The people in front of him took their seats and he copied them, feigning a nonchalance he didn’t feel. He hoped to make his mom and grandpa proud.
“Actually, I was lookin’ for Molly. Have you seen her?” He asked, having to yell over the music.
John had fallen in love with Slough as soon as he’d moved there, having been allowed to be with his grandparents– especially his grandfather who told his old army adventures with a detail that made John feel like a soldier himself and who taught John how to use his old gun.
Don't forget that I answer EVERY comment, so feel free to comment!
“I just—”
Exactly what he’d thought, then.
“Mycroft, please. And I will call you John, if you don’t mind.”
“No, mate,” Mike said.
“Would you like me to ask Mrs Hudson for a chair, so you can make yourself comfortable while we discuss—”
Mary entered and saw him there as he was about to turn the page, and as he ate something— he wasn’t sure what exactly it was, but it had way more than the recommended percentage of salt— to balance the alcohol intake.
“No. I won’t do it.”
Then, however, he was sure that, as long as he didn’t pry on anything too personal, he could take a quick look around. Just to see if there were unexpected books laying around, or some old pictures of Sherlock when he was younger— how John longed to see a cute, baby Sherlock! He was sure Sherlock had been cute and chubby.
“Why did you— why did you end his life?” He couldn’t stop himself from asking.
John ran a hand through his hair.
His bad mood had only to do with what Anderson had said, and he knew he should’ve let it go by then, but it bothered him immensely to
John’s senses finally caught up with him and he let his eyes fall closed.
Feeling disgusted at the urge to drink the blood of such a revolting human being, he hadn’t even thought as he grabbed John Watson’s arm and ran out of there. It wasn’t so bad, as he already knew how cold Sherlock’s skin was, but still a risk.
So, once again, he used the phrase “Will definitely be there”, which sounded generic enough in his mind to not hurt anyone, but, at the same time, not like he was promising anyone anything. Like he’d done— and fucked up royally by doing so— before, with Mary.
“Not at all.” John placed the phone in his pocket again, already fed up with everything
“But I haven’t mentioned a figure.”
“Why do you treat your brother this way? He is such a great man and you’re wrong because he loves Mrs Hudson like a mother and—”
“Someone did their homework, I see,” Sherlock commented.
Just saying, this is a filler chapter that I NEEDED to write because these simple things are what makes Johnlock what it really is. Just John looking at Sherlock when he's lost inside his mind, or Sherlock watching John play rugby...
“I don’t know
“No, Mrs Hudson, John is dating a girl named Maggy. Or was it Maddy? No— something with an ‘M’, I’m almost positive.”
Sherlock was good, but still very recent.
Reality came crashing down on him.
They spent a great part of two hours doing just that.
(See the end of the chapter for
But that wasn’t one of those precious times, so John knew what he had to do.
“If I may ask, what is your connection with Sherlock Holmes?”
He scratched absentmindedly at his jaw, dropping his hand as soon as he remembered he’d cut himself shaving that morning and didn’t want to cause an infection on the insignificant little cut. His hand stopped halfway to his face.
“You only even touched me ‘cause I wasn’t expectin’ it, poof!” Anderson yelled.
“Is this when you tell us you want to join our little group? Or will it take you a few more weeks to come to the conclusion you belong with us, Sherlock.”
“Yes, maybe you should,” Sherlock said.
As an apology for what happened last week, I postponed all the other works I was writing just so I could publish this!! Hope you enjoyed it!
fanart:
In response to his question, a newspaper was thrown at his face.
“My role in this country’s government is small at the most.”
(See the end of the chapter for
So he lowered his mouth onto the pink, elevated skin and sucked and bit at it until his jaw hurt and he could only lick at the unchanging skin.
John looked up at Mycroft so fast he could hear his own neck crack. He was sure everyone else in the car heard it, too.
“Oh, that’s quite different from London, huh? Doesn’t rain as much.”
He was surprised they hadn’t noticed him yet. Glad, but surprised.
Thank you for reading!! Sorry if there are lots of mistakes!! I'll post the beta'd version when I can!
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you,
Sherlock knew they hadn’t been followed.
Never above seven percent, he’d always told himself. Unfortunately, his brain had somehow relaxed more than he’d anticipated. Just once: one small slip up.
said the white letters on the sign above the window— a few meters away.
He was ready for the confrontation— the only thing he needed was a blink out of place and he would know how guilty they were exactly. By the evidence he’d already collected, he knew they probably held all the guilt for the murders, and were no idiots.
“Hi,” he said.
He shifted their legs so he could get just that much closer and bit down on Sherlock’s neck. His hand pulled at the waist of the shirt until it was all untucked from the trousers and his fingers could whisper a touch over the coldest of skin. Except it wasn’t cold: it was warming up with every touch and with every time John’s hands grabbed and pulled. And it was marvellous.
God, was Sherlock in danger? Was he just talking with those people, or was he waiting for the inevitable confrontation where he’d lose three to one?
“I don’t want to sit down,” John said, frustrated. His voice had probably sounded more like a shout than a simple statement, but he refused to show any form of embarrassment about it. Sherlock and Mrs Hudson could hear, for all he cared. Clearly Sherlock had to be cautious around his brother and John would make sure to follow the example.
(See the end of the chapter for
He saw a flash of something dark— too big to be a bird, but it was definitely alive. He ducked down just as he caught sight of whatever it was, hoping he hadn’t been spottend. His breath seemed too loud all of a sudden, and he covered his nose and mouth to control his inhales and exhales— like he did at a game, but easier without all the running and pushing around.
Angst? Just... some drunken moments, I guess.
The reason was still unknown for Sherlock, but he would find out soon enough.
Wrong...
His grandparents had been devastated, but tried to hide it behind congratulatory hugs and please gloating to their neighbors, as well as multiple gifts they insisted he take with him so he’d remember them and want to come back every given opportunity.
“Great,” John agreed, hopeful toward the promised good time he’d have. He pointed to his next building. “I gotta go. Hope we have some more classes together.”
“I know, I know, you’re gonna kill me, whatever. Talk to you later, Johnny.” And the line went dead, leaving John in a better mood than he’d previously been in, even with his sister’s classic behaviour.
xxxxxx
And his mind would never rot or suffer from decay.
Sherlock was facing the three people, his front to John.
That had definitely been a horrid day. He’d gotten really good at living amongst normal people. They were all idiots who refused to
[attachment]
“You what?”
“What d’you need my help with?” John asked, biting into one of the scones and groaning in satisfaction.
“John!” She exclaimed, tripping on her own feet and providing him with the information he needed to know how drunk she was. She placed her drink on the nearby counter and threw her arms around his neck, supporting her weight on his shoulders and pressing her breasts into his chest as she brushed their noses together. “So glad you’re here.”
He would be taking Aunt Charlotte’s late husband’s office. Where the big desk used to stand with an image of importance, was now a small bed with ugly sheets and new pillows– most likely the only ones without any dust in the house– and the bookshelves had been emptied, except for the ones with finance books and encyclopedias, as well as the old family album he remembered flipping through, years ago, in search of images of his late mother when she was still healthy and had a smile permanently painted on her face.
Sherlock hadn’t understood the need, as he was— thanks to his dear “brother”— basically immortal and the drugs could do him no harm— there were only positive outcomes. However, he could conceive a perfectly reasonable list of pros and cons and he wasn’t stupid enough— or at all— to allow the chance to go by: His mind needed to be filled and this way he needn’t risk being discovered.
Hope you enjoyed it!!
John wondered if he knew he was there. Sherlock had mentioned before how aware he was of John’s scent, since it’d become familiar in his day-to-day life. Sherlock had once smelled him from a greater distance than the one between them at that moment.
Thank you for coming so far!
“You’re having that lovely boy John over and you’re letting him see the house like this? If you fancy him, you should at least—”
Their legs were in a tangle and Sherlock’s purple shirt— always so composed and tucked into his posh trousers— had just ridden up and given John the prettiest sight yet.
That was when it hit him: the previous day. He’d told John they’d meet again at Baker Street. He’d been so indulged in the case he’d completely spaced. He knew he was going to confront the murderers by himself, but he’d forgotten to text John an excuse to avoid having him jumping head first into conclusions. Like he was doing at that moment.
He checked his phone and came to the same conclusion: Sherlock had completely forgotten.
Harry chuckled, and John huffed with dissatisfaction.
John’s brain had to, as usual, process everything happening to him with a rather big delay.
“Oh, I know, you’re going to uncover every secret about my family and black mail me. Sherlock already warned me about you,
As he and Mike walked closer, almost crossing paths with the mysterious student, he noted the purplish, bruise-like shadows under his eyes— similar to the ones a person would get from a broken nose, which was impossible, for his nose was like a model’s that had been airbrushed to appear at the cover of a magazine, or one too many sleepless nights— which only seemed to bring out even more the indescribable colour of his eyes. The face was all sharp angles covered by smooth skin and John wanted to
He knocked, as confident as he possibly could be.
I'm so excited! After this it seems to unravel so fast and in such a lovely way! I wish you like it, because not a lot of things brings me as much joy as writing this and reading your kind reviews!
Sorry I haven't been posting anything between each Monday. It's kind of hard to do when you're editing this fic and writing another one from scratch because someone very kindly asked you to and you just couldn't refuse, because the idea was actually good, anyway. Oh, well!!
Mycroft’s checked features didn’t allow for any reading on John’s part. The only part that shifted in them was a single twitch of an eyebrow, contrasting against the pale skin. It only made the man seem more defiant. The umbrella he carried made an impatient tapping sound on the floor: tap, tap,
And I assure you Sherlock just loves to be dramatic.”
x x x x x x
John smiled at him as soon as the door was open.
“You’re his brother, yes, I got that. But what do you want from me? Are you going to threaten to break both my legs if I hurt him? Because I think he’d do it first.”
A black car— with dark windows that didn’t show the insides and bigger than any car John had ever seen in real life and seemed right out of some James Bond movie— was parked right in front of 221. One of the back doors was open and an elegant woman was leaning against it, eyes on her phone the whole time as she typed. She was pretty and taller than him.
“Thanks, mate! Mike Stamford,” he answered, accepting the fallen object.
“You could say,” he snorted. Mike studied his face apprehensively and John sighed. He should tone down the sarcasm for the time being. He just hoped he didn’t forget how to use it when Harry visited.
And the awkward conversation over tea continued, until his phone started ringing inside his pocket. It was his Aunt Charlotte.
What was unpredictable was the time she took to enter. She was clearly involved in a conversation with someone who— strangely enough— wasn’t Mrs Turner.
The guys went out to a bar they seemed to be acquainted with and drank a pint while watching the game. John loved football, but by the end of the night he wasn’t exactly sure who was playing or the score. Loads of other people from uni were gathered there as well, and they were all introduced, although John forgot all of their names as soon as they were spoken.
It was harder for the girls to stare at him sitting all the way  in the back, but they managed:  Passing notes instead of whispers once the professor entered and texting slyly.
She showed them the screen: It was a simple message from a number she didn’t have saved.
When John moved just a few centimeters lower and was face to face with Sherlock’s chest, his breath hitched: he’d seen his few share of naked girls— at school, some people had made fun and praised his experience and called him Three Continents Watson— but he had never been with another man in such a context. Everything was different and he couldn’t just look at the situation with the eyes of a doctor.
He turned to Mrs Hudson, but she was too busy looking disdainfully at the dust around them to note his concern.
He’d left without saying anything to Mycroft as soon as he’d realized what the real reason was for those murders: attention. They were recruiting. And not simply anyone comfortable with death, oh no. They were trying to get people with brains. And they had their eyes on Mycroft and Sherlock himself.
“You’re only stupid for not having done so sooner. How was it?”
“Thanks, man,” John said, and probably interrupted Mike’s explanation of the girls’ whereabouts, but his mind wasn’t in the right place. Mike wasn’t offended, anyhow, so John just made his way outside, where he saw Anderson and Sally already down the street. The breeze that hit his face was so refreshing, he couldn’t be bothered to think a single bad thought towards London.
careful to not make any sudden movements and to not attract attention to himself, he peeked through the window again, stopping as soon as he saw a glimpse of the same black something he’d seen earlier. It was hair, John realized. And there was pale skin, as well.
“Ah, I see. You don’t know.”
He could feel something change in Sherlock’s mouth when he touched his jaw. When his tongue, once again, seeked entrance into that perfect mouth, he knew it was the teeth distending and the bones adapting to it.
Anthea accompanied him into the car and told the driver their destination, “the club, please.”
His hips gave an involuntary trust forward and he stopped, Sherlock’s lower lip trapped between his lips.
Mycroft had done nothing more than talk. He’d offered Sherlock some options and delivered some important facts: such as the fact— which Sherlock had forgotten, much to his dismay— that after becoming a being as he was, he could achieve the knowledge he’d always coveted.
Any notes you have are appreciated and I will answer every single comment.
“Actually,” he interjected, pulling her hands up, away from the most sensitive places. “I’m not feeling very good. I’ll ask someone to take me home. How about we hang out later, huh? I’ll text you. Or— or you text me.”
Probably not, though.
“Sure thing,
It was there, at the entrance of the building, trying to make conversation with Mike without throwing up on someone and proving their mockery about him being a lightweight true, that John first saw him:
“I wonder where he got that from.”
He realised what he was being sucked into and an alarm went off inside his head, warning him of how fast it was moving. He was no prude. He’d slept with a couple of girls in Slough, before he moved to London, so he knew what came next. Unfortunately for him— and his eager genitals that were fastly filling with blood, the traitors!— he had a conscience and, even if he himself was drunk, it felt too close to taking advantage of someone. Clearly, Mary knew what she was doing, as well, as her whispers continued and grew dirtier and more explicit. “— my mouth, in the room upstairs.”
He took off and got to the store a mere ten minutes later. It wasn’t raining, but the wind was just as unpleasant, and closing his coat tighter around himself didn’t help in the least. He’d heard the flu was going around, so he made sure to keep his imune system at the top of its game, which wasn’t working because London was created to torture him.
Sherlock gave him a file full of documents with dates and addresses and asked him to read them to see if he noticed some connection. John complied, but was sure he wouldn’t find anything, especially considering the amount of time he spent looking away from the papers and to the mad genius in his concentrated state.
? Why did he touch these bags? What did he want? What did he say?” He demanded, noting the reduced quantity of creases on the left side of her shirt compared to the right one and, instantly, knowing which bags John Watson had carried, how long he’d held them and how hard. “The store. He’s staying nearby, as well. He—”
John took his chance— as the three people with their backs to him were too focused on Sherlock to notice him— and moved more openly to the window, waving his hand so Sherlock could see him. He knew when it worked, for Sherlock’s frown deepened and his stance shifted into something more aggressive and more defencive, one of the corners of his mouth curling up in a sneer that showed just the length of one fang.
“What was he saying?”
“Don’t underestimate an addict, John.” He pulled out his phone and stepped outside, John knelt by Sherlock, grasping his hand tightly.
“Don’t go, please.” Sherlock looked almost frightened.
“John…It’s not-“
“Right, if you’re just going to insult me, I’ll be leaving.” Mycroft tried to hold in a dramatic sigh and pulled out an envelope from beside him. He handed it to John. “What’s this then?”
The dragon closed his eyes, John’s heart racing, “Oh…I’m sorry. I didn’t…I’m sorry.” He frowned and finished tying up the wounds. “Do you have anywhere to go?” The dragon didn’t move, John’s heart sank as he realised the dragon had just lost everything. “Well, you can come home with me!” The dragon opened its eyes and gave John a look as if he was insane. “I’ll take care of you!”
They drove on for some time and John frowned as they began to approach Buckingham Palace.
Sherlock stared at him, certain that no one had seen. Mycroft looked over at his little brother and gave him a sarcastic, pitying look. Sherlock glared and poured all of the peas back on his plate. He stabbed them one at a time, clinking the china plates with his fork each time. His parents ignored him until all of the peas were gone and Sherlock slipped out of his chair and made his way back to his room. He felt sick, the lingering taste of peas in his mouth.
“I don’t care if he was the last dragon on earth, I told you to stop bringing strange animals home!”
“But…But Mummy-“
Tears streamed and blurred his vision as he made his way back out into the garden. He headed for the tree line and weaved his way through the trees to his hidden fortress. It was just an alcove of rock, hidden behind a massive oak tree. He had gathered found items there that he was attracted to. Things that no one would understand. To him, this was his safe haven and at least here, he wasn’t a disappointment.
“Is that John Watson?” A group of five men approached, all greeting John happily. One of them looked over at Sherlock and smirked, “And who is this?”
“I got in trouble.” He shrugged, sitting back and watching Yates with a steady gaze.
It’s December 25th, John and Sherlock are curled up on the couch with the fire blazing. Sherlock had woken John up at an ungodly hour to open presents. Wrapping paper is all over the floor and two abandoned cups of tea. They are both sound asleep, wrapped in each other’s arms.
“John, while I find your…loyalty for my brother, admiring, I cannot cover his blatant murder-“
Prompt: Teenlock AU where a nervous Sherlock comes out to John and John is nothing but accepting.
“I didn’t know you could sing.” John chuckled.
“Put, sorry you suck at everything.” He laughed to himself, thinking that by the man’s sigh, he knew it was a joke.
Prompt: "I love you" was something I wanted to say but never did.
“No! John, you’re being-“
John paused as he came across the passage he had been looking for. “White Dragons were once the most valued of their species as they have the ability to change colour at will. Their magical qualities are far superior to any other species and it is said that they ruled over all other dragons. Their numbers diminished dramatically in recent years to the point that they are believed to be extinct. Dragonologists believe that they are simply hiding among the others but hunters have found their weakness to be at the time of birth. White Dragons are not able to change colour until they have matured but with so little evidence, it is unclear of when this occurs. They are said to hold many other abilities such as morphing, which could attribute to their sudden disappearance.”
He’d still searched for the thrill, even after becoming… what he was.
, he’ll know what it means,” he said, gesturing wildly with his hands and dropping the can, joining her with laughter as he picked it up again, supporting his drunken weight on her.
John thanked the fact that he was following Sherlock up the stairs towards apartment B, or else the genius would probably know what he was thinking from a single glance.
Every once in a while, John would point out some idea he had or just a joke and— even if not very often— Sherlock would leap to his feet and shout in joy, calling John a variation of “conductor of light” and change some things around in his chaotic diagram.
Sherlock sat on the floor, leaving John with the only option of sitting on the red armchair across from the black, stacked with papers one. Oh and it was so bloody comfortable. John buried his arse into the cushion even more. It was practically made for him.
Mycroft had asked for his assistance, as the fat bastard was too busy discussing peace treaties with some overseas groups of individuals of their species, to solve the whole problem with whoever was trying to blow their cover by murdering people in the most obvious way possible: draining them of blood by two punctures to the neck.
“Celebrate what exactly?”
“He would get hysterical, I didn’t want to deal with that for hours.” Sherlock replied.
“A list? For what? He needs a bloody ambulance!”
Feel free to send me Prompts, long or short!
. I can barely suppress to roll my eyes and let out a sigh, rolling so my back is to him and my face is curled up to the backrest of the couch. I want to be alone. I want John to leave so I can leave. Now that it’s in my thoughts I can’t let it go. My hands go to my hair and I grip it, pulling until I feel pain. Ah, good. A distraction. I can hear John rustling as he puts his shoes by the door and hangs his jacket, wandering into the kitchen and putting the kettle on.
“How Long have you been-“
“A dragon? Yeah. Um…Mike, this is Sherlock. I’m sorry about that he uh, usually doesn’t act like-“
“John,” Sherlock nearly rolled his eyes, “you ask me the same questions every day. It doesn’t take a genius to know what you’re about to say.”
“N-No, I should…” John glanced at Sherlock, a desperate look in his eyes before turning back to Mycroft. “Get him a pardon.”
“Okay, love y-“ The line cut off and John sighed, shoving his phone in his pocket and getting ready to see his first patient.
Sherlock rinsed off and turned off the water, gasping as he saw John standing there with a smirk on his face. “What are you doing!” He grabbed his towel and wrapped it around his waist.
“Jesus. Just listen to me. It took me way too long to figure it out but yeah…okay? There is a man…”
“Not everyone.”
John’s eyes opened tiredly, having accidentally fallen asleep. He smiled to himself as he looked upon Sherlock, protectively curled on the opposite side of the bundle between them. In this bed lay his family and the two people he loved most in all of this world.
“Like hell you do.”
“God, Sherlock I’ve been wanting to tell you for, ages. Our friendship is the world to me but, I want more.”
“Again, John. Obvious.”
“I have to…I have to go.”
“You know…if you ever want to try something new-“
“We’ve been together for nearly ten years now, love. I know when you’re hiding something.”
“Have you finally come to terms with your bisexuality? Congratulations.” I sneered at him.
“Hush. We’re going to be late, put on your damn coat.” He laughed, turning for the stairs. Sherlock suddenly grabbed John from behind and pulled him close, kissing his neck.
John didn’t move, much to Sherlock’s annoyance.
“Go back to sleep-
John sighed and sat back on the bed, pulling Sherlock into his arms. “So, what’s this all about then?” He ran his hands through Sherlock’s curls, he nearly purred in delight.
“Why? I thought it was just tea.”
“I don’t, John…” Sherlock sighed, feeling very tired. “It’s gone.”
“I can’t help it. I like a man in uniform.”
“You wouldn’t.”
“John-“
“Yes?”
Sherlock was startled awake by a woman’s scream. His heart racing, he sat up and looked around blearily for the source. He caught a glimpse of one of the maids running out of the room but he wasn’t sure what scared her. He sat for a moment and let his heart settle and his breathing return to normal before rubbing his eyes and getting out of bed. He paused as he walked by his desk, smelling something rotting. The bird and its organs were lit by the morning summer sun, streaming through the glass and speeding up the decomposition. Instead of being disgusted, Sherlock was fascinated and started to examine the progress. Not soon after he sat down, multiple footsteps approached and came up the third floor stairs. His father opened the door, followed by his mother and Mycroft.
“Mm. I’d like a murder.”
“John…whenever you ask me about my childhood, I tell you that I don’t remember much. I know you don’t believe it but that is the truth. In the past few years, I’ve come to the realisation that I have Aqua-phobia.”
John sat back with a frown. “What’s wrong?”
“Seeing as you think that food just magically appears for you, I have to do the shopping.”
“Then show yourself to me. I want to see your gorgeous body in the sun.” He smirked and slowly started to lift up Sherlock’s shirt. It was a slow process but John eventually got Sherlock down to his swimsuit. “Mmm, you’re so perfect. God, I would have you right here.”
“Very good. Sherlock, dear, come and join your brother and I in a few moments. You two need to talk I presume.” She gave a mischievous grin and left the room.
. Greg drove them back in relative silence, both John and Sherlock in the back, still covered in blankets with the heat blasting in Greg’s car.
Sherlock arrived a few minutes late but John was just glad that he had picked up the cake. “Thank you.” Sherlock took a seat and John brought over a drink for him. The party progressed and soon came time to take out the cake. They all gathered around, sans Sherlock and John opened the box. He gasped as he looked down at the icing. “Sorry you suck at everything?”
I can start a war or end one, I can give you the strength of heroes or leave you powerless. I might be snared with a glance, but no force can compel me to stay. What three words are said too much, yet not enough?’
Yates kept his composure but his eyes betrayed him, he was afraid and Sherlock delighted in it. The doctor set his notebook aside and knelt before Sherlock, carefully placing his hands on the boys shaking shoulders and it felt like his skin was being seared through his clothes. Sherlock reached up to yank the doctors hands off, his own wrapping around Yates’ wrists. The second they made contact, the doctor froze, his eyes going wide. Sherlock could feel everything…all of the energy around him was overwhelming his senses. He closed his eyes, hands still on the doctors wrists and breathed in, time seeming to still. His body felt like it was on fire again but instead of pain, it felt good and he wanted more of it. His hands tightened on the doctors wrist, bruising and forceful until he felt something underneath. The source of the good feeling was
John burst through the door without thinking of what he was going to say. Sherlock looked startled, having hit the wrong note during John’s outburst.
“No. No…that’s alright.” John sighed and ran his hands over his face.
“Not, like on a date. Exactly, a date.” John grinned at him, “Go on then.”
“Are you making random statements to appease me?”
They were ushered in and his father came over and hugged Sherlock quickly. Mycroft walked into the foyer and greeted them. John had been behind Sherlock, going rather unnoticed amongst the taller crowd.
“N-No…” John helped Sherlock up.
“Mum! Please! He lost everyone…his family…they’re gone.” John’s eyes watered, the pain this dragon felt was close to home for him. His mother could see the tears starting to well and she sighed.
“We’re not-“ John runs his hands through his hair, the anger mounting.
“I found him. He was barely alive and I nursed him back to health.”
They cut the cake and Sherlock settled back into the same chair. John sat on the arm of it and looked down at Sherlock. “You’re never doing the shopping again.”
John rose through the forest, coming into a clearing with a steady stream making many pathways through the green. He clambered up the small incline, jumping from rock to rock. “There’s no where to turn, Orthon! It’s just you and me!” He made it to the highest boulder and brought his sword in front of him, preparing to fight. He swung and cried, rolling on to the ground, jumping down the rocks as Orthon followed and tried to attack. John yelped as he slipped and fell into the water but quickly recovered and jabbed his sword up as Orthron tried to pounce on top of him.
‘Fine.
“Oh, you’re awake.”
“Another trivial holiday made up for the profit of corporations,” he waved it away, “of course I deleted it.”
John stared at him in silence for a few moments before a smile formed on his lips and he chuckled.
“Sherlock!” He ran inside, finding it empty and circled the entirety of the cottage, not seeing a sign of the dragon. “Sherlock, where are you!” Every fear he had coursed through his mind. Then there was a scream. “Oh, God.” He ran back to the path he came from, where he had left Mike only to find him pinned beneath the impressive expanse of the white dragon. Sherlock’s teeth were bared, growling dangerously, threatening to do harm. “Sherlock! Stop!” John had never seen him like this, his wings spread, claws sharp and deadly as he prepared to strike. “Sherlock!” John ran up to the dragon and moved in front of him, holding out his arms to grab his attention. “Look! I’m fine, I’m not hurt. Mike’s a friend, okay? He’s not dangerous!” Sherlocks predatory look was new to John and he would be lying if he said he didn’t fear it. Sherlock was powerful, he could kill so easily…but he wouldn’t, would he?
Prompt: "John, I'm sorry I didn't mea-" "Then why did you say it."
“John. It’s fine. I didn’t mean to…I should go.” He turned quickly, striding back to the plane but John followed. “John, what are you-“ He tried to protest as John yanked him inside the plane, everyone dispersing into their respective compartments of the plane, thinking that a row would be ensuing. “John-“
John left the room and turned on the very song that Sherlock had been singing. Sherlock groaned but a small smile graced his lips knowing that even something as small as this, made John happy. He would sing to all of London if it would make John happy. Even a stupid love song.
“ ’S over.” He mumbled around a mouthful of biscuit.
Just a reminder, this is an AU and will not be accurate to real life. Though it is in 3rd person, it is currently from Sherlock's perspective.
“You already said the people.”
“Sherlock, I swear to God, if you don’t introduce me as your boyfriend I’ll go back to London in the morning.”
He moved slowly, trying to move the dragon without waking him but it stirred nonetheless, its eyes opening slowly and looking down at John. It moved so quickly John could barely process it. The dragon was just as startled being so close to John and tried to take off across the room. Forgetting its wounds, the dragon cried out as it fell to the ground, off of John’s bed. “Wait! Stop!” John scrambled out of bed, nearly falling in a twist of sheets as he tried to calm the dragon down. The creature cried out and scattered across the floor, knocking over a chair as it slithered between the legs and up on to a table. John’s pursuit drove the dragon on as it knocked off a mug which clattered to the ground and shattered, startling the dragon even more. “Stop moving! It’s okay!” John tried to catch the dragon, earning an attempt at biting his hand and a hiss as the dragon jumped up on to a curtain and climbed to the very top. He curled up around the pole, looking down at John with rows of sharp teeth bared. A low rumbled escaped the dragon, warning John to stay away.
“When?”
His name was Doctor Yates and it was obvious why his father chose this doctor. He sat in their sitting room, peering at Sherlock on the couch opposite, a pen and notebook in hand. He was old, gray and balding with bored eyes and wrinkled skin. He wore a suit that was one hideous combination of brown and green and sat with an air of confidence. Sherlock could tell that this wasn’t going to end well, for either of them.
“It’s okay…I won’t hurt you.” He moved slowly as the dragon eyed him suspiciously. John reached out the rest of the way, the dragon sniffing at the air, centimetres from John’s fingers. The dragon hissed and tried to lash out at John, making the young boy jump and fall on to his backside. Exhausted after the exertion, the dragon tried to curl up, whimpering as the wounds continued to ooze. John sat up and tried again, “I just want to help…you’re bleeding. Please. Please, let me help.” He slowly reached out again, the dragon eyeing him warily but too exhausted to fight anymore. John carefully lifted the dragon into his arms, avoiding the wounds as best he could. “You’re heavier than I thought.” John brought the dragon over to the stream and tore apart the bottom of his trousers, washing and wrapping up the wounds with the upmost care. The white dragon was barely conscious but looked upon John as if he expected betrayal at any second.
“John, I have to go. Lestrade’s on the other line.”
Sherlock clenched is jaw and got up, storming over to the sitting room where his parents spoke quietly with Dr. Yates, again. “Ah, Sherlock.” The doctor politely smiled at him but it wasn’t sincere. “Ready?” Sherlock just scowled and sat on the same couch as he did the day prior. His father gave him a stern look that set his heart racing before both parents left the room, Yates sitting and pulling out his notebook. “I would appreciate some cooperation today. Your parents informed me that after our session yesterday, you escaped through the window and were not seen again until they found you in your room. Why did you feel the need to run?”
When John was dressed he gathered his coat and took a look at Sherlock’s clothes. Granted, he always dressed to the nines but he looked far more…posh than usual. John had suspicions, especially as they left the flat and were greeted by a black car, only to find no Mycroft inside. They were off and Sherlock was lost in his phone as usual and John watched as they headed in a complete different direction than usual.
. My mind made up before my arrival, I would not want to wait a second more. But I pay. We part ways and the walk home feels thrice as long as before. I would feel their eyes on me. I know,
“Sherlock? John?” It was Lestrade and Sherlock had never felt more grateful to hear his voice. “We’re going to get you out!”
“Sherlock, you’re leaving! To God knows where and if you ever come back and-Christ, Sherlock!” He glanced back at Mary who was waiting by the car, too far off to hear them. “I’m married now!”
Sherlock maintained an impressive façade but John wasn’t fooled. The dragon would pretend John’s presence was a nuisance and that he was capable of taking care of himself but during most waking hours, Sherlock was curled around John’s shoulders. They became inseparable after their first day together and while John now had a friend he finally felt close to, he knew that Sherlock was still in danger. He had heard stories of the Dragon hunters that had ripped them from homes, killing and maiming for their precious scales and Sherlock was rare.
“I won’t tell anyone. Promise. But how do you plan to keep a full grown dragon hidden? He’s going to get bigger.”
“Yes.”
Sherlock continued to grow to the point where it became impossible to keep him indoors. He couldn’t move a limb without knocking over something and John’s Mum regretfully had to tell John to have him sleep outside. That gave John a whole new set of fears as he couldn’t keep an eye on him at night and who knew what was out in the woods that could harm him. On the other hand, Sherlock didn’t mind as he could keep a constant eye on the cottage and monitor their surroundings for any potential threat but he did miss John in the quite hours of night. He itched to nuzzle into his neck, to smell his scent and hear his heart beat. The separation at night lead to Sherlock being far more clingy in the day time. It became harder for John to get his chores done as Sherlock always had to have contact with him in some form.
“You two would make a gorgeous couple.”
‘Solved the case in two hours.
“It’s okay. They’re gone. You don’t have to worry about them ever again. I’ll protect you.”
Mike slowly sat up, shaking with fear. “J-John…w-what…”
“What is that?”
John looked up from his book to glance at Sherlock but he was no longer sitting at the window. John put aside his book and pushed back his chair, “Sherlock? Where are you?” Their cottage was small, so small that he could see through the entirety from his vantage point but he didn’t see the dragon anywhere. His heart started to race, a cold trickle of fear coursed through him, “Sherlock!” He threw off the covers on his bed, opened cabinets and drawers frantically. He was about to run outside to check if he had escaped somehow when he heard a slight jingle above him. He looked up and found Sherlock wrapped around the lamp that hung from the ceiling. He was watching John’s every move like he was prey, his wings spread and fluttering.
“I love you!” He gasped, “That’s what I wanted to say but never did….”
Sherlock shuddered as John looked him over. “How do you do it?”
“Look at them.” John sighed in annoyance but did as he was told. He began to go through them, one by one, his frown increasing as his heart started to race. Each photo captured a moment where Sherlock was looking at John, really looking at him. Something he could only describe as longing…His mind went blank for a moment as he tried to gather his thoughts, his mouth suddenly felt dry.
John put the paper down, “I didn’t say anything.”
Prompt: John takes Sherlock to the beach and Sherlock doesn't want to go because he's embarrassed about the scars on his back so John helps him.
The rest of the day he lay in bed and watch the rain fall against his window, no one came to get him for dinner. The boredom grew exponentially as his anger slowly subsided and he thought about wanting to fly away again. Thoughts leaked into dreams as he finally fell asleep.
“Out with it.” He had that same tone his mother had. Impatient, uncaring.
John looked up and put on a fake smile, “Hey.” He picked up the bucket he had brought to catch their dinner in, pretending to be too busy to talk. “Sorry, can’t talk. Mum’s waiting on me.” John hurried off where Sherlock had run to, hearing the boys snicker about how weird he was. Not that John cared, he just wanted Sherlock to be safe. He looked around frantically, whispering his name. “Sherlock? Where are you?” He heard a rustle of leaves in the tree behind him and he turned to look up, only to find his dragon hidden at the top. John’s jaw fell open as he looked upon the green scales that covered the dragon, reflecting the tree tops around him. Sherlock climbed down, landing with a thud behind John and sniffing him all over to ensure he was not harmed before nuzzling under his neck. John sighed and stroked him lovingly.
“Where are you going?!”
“I love you Sherlock Holmes, but you’re a bloody git.”
“Y-Yeah…you?”
“No.”
“You said something about tea.”
“Sherlock, wait!” John grabbed Sherlocks arm. “Tell me.”
“I don’t know,” John sighed, “I’ll figure out something. Sorry about all of that…”
“You have utterly ruined me, Doctor.” I placed a small kiss to his neck, God I loved the sounds he made. John ran his hands down my back and I couldn’t help but relax against him.
“No.” My heart beats quickly as if he will see through the lie.
“It’s seven…”
“I must be mad,” John muttered to himself, shaking his head, “Sherlock. Listen to me. I told you I stopped dating women.”
John watched as Sherlock came over and inspected him, making sure he wasn’t hurt and suddenly he began to laugh to the point of tears. Sherlock watched him in horror, “Sorry!” He brushed the tears away, “I’m so sorry! It’s just…Jesus, Sherlock…” John tried to compose himself but he couldn’t stop the grin from forming on his lips. “I came back because…because I need to tell you something.”
“Yes, right. Thank you for that clarification!” John stormed into the kitchen, slamming the kettle down.
“Why not?”
Prompt: "You're the only one who's never called me that....." in regards to John calling Sherlock a freak.
John sighed as he entered the kitchen. As usual, Sherlock’s experiments were everywhere he looked. “Can’t bother to put your bloody instruments away?” He heard Sherlock sigh from his chair.
John chuckled and quickly went through his last few patients. He was done sooner than expected so he packed up and left for the day. He got home a little after four, setting his things down and looking around for Sherlock. He paused when he heard a voice and the shower going. He crept slowly towards the door. John covered his mouth to hold in the laughter as he heard Sherlock singing in the shower, something he had never heard in all their years together.
Sherlock had always been different. Even as a child, he never fit in and never made friends. He was far too intelligent for his own good which often repelled everyone he came into contact with. He could have flown through elementary school in no time but they wouldn’t let him skip. So he sat in class, bored out of his mind, aching to do something. He constantly caused trouble when he would correct teachers or call out something personal about a student that he shouldn’t know. This was the last school he could go to that wasn’t painstakingly far from home. Mycroft had driven him as Sherlock protested the entire way.
“I found him, Mum. In the forest. Something attacked him. I had to help.”
“Okay, Mum!”
“Sherlock…”
“What? Sherlock you’re my best friend!”
“Look at the photos, John.”
They pulled up to a beautiful home that looked far too picturesque to be real. John was shocked and yet not surprised seeing the home that Sherlock’s parents lived in. He knew that they were rather wealthy but of course, money was not something that Sherlock cared about. Sherlock parked but didn’t move from the drivers seat, his hands tightly on the wheel.
“We kissed, alright?” He shouted, and had to hide his face again, when all the eyes in the room briefly shifted to him.
John was torn between answering the man affirmatively and going to have that… talk, or just telling him to bugger off. Beside him, Sherlock’s frown deepened and his eyes flashed a dangerous dark red. John wasn’t entirely sure, but he thought he even saw his cheeks expand just enough for a pair of fangs to appear.
of your business.”
The remainder of the week was better, mostly. Practice wore away with him, but between that and studying, he had no time to allow his mind to wander to more melancholic places. It also didn’t rain during the day, although the clouds became dense and opaque, making him shiver in anticipation. Once he knew what to expect of his days, it became close to uncomplicated to survive them.
(see the bottom notes for credit and if you want me to feature your own fanfiction, I'll do so gladly)!!
I have been moving some things around because I received some comments about wanting John to be less of a bottom and... well, I'm working on it!
“Sherlock, dear, what’s all this noise— Oh!” Mrs Hudson’s face appeared from behind Sherlock’s shoulder, and he hadn’t realised how close the two of them were standing, until, out of instinct, he took a step back. “John, what a pleasant surprise. Please do come in, or you’ll catch a cold, dear.” She pushed him toward the apartment with the letter ‘A’ and made him sit down, serving him a warm cup of tea.
It is smaller than the rest because it doesn't even have a plot.
She shrugged and they made their way to class amicably, Molly losing her initial shyness around John and gesturing energetically with her hands as she told them of the explosion the Sherlock kid had caused in the lab.
A shiver ran down his spine at the memory of sharp, red eyes staring daggers at him.
Thank you for reading!
Had been the last message she sent him. To which he’d answered with a winky face.
“And you are?” John spoke, fist clenched at his side as the memory of the scent of Sherlock’s hair vanished into a distant memory, suddenly irated that someone had interrupted their— well, he wasn’t sure if it was a moment, but he was still mad.
“He— he— what does that matter? He only needs to tell me his age if he feels comfortable with it! And how old are
“Maybe jus’ the word
“If you do continue with your… friendship, I would be happy to pay you… a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis to ease your way.”
“Oh, so good to see you, Johny!” she said, pulling him for a quick hug as soon as the front door was closed behind him.
I have nothing to say, except that, even if no one bothers to read this, I'll still be thrilled (and thankful) to know I wrote this. Johnlock is the best OTP one could have and, contributing to the fandom is the only thing I could wish for (with exception of the 5th season).
“Because you are not a wealthy man and your family could use the money. Plus, wouldn’t it be rewarding to help your sister and father during these tense times?” He looked as if he were reading everything out of his notebook, as he followed the words with his finger and eyes, but John felt watched all the same.
The smell of booze in the air and coming off people’s mouths gave him a headache; the music was so loud he couldn’t hear anything Greg told— or shouted— at him and Mike; and the lights didn’t help the nausea the warm beer he was handed had given him.
Hope you enjoyed. If you have any notes or ideas, remember I'll make an effort to answer every comment, so please feel free to say anything. Even if it's to say you didn't like something. Thank you!
At that moment, it was no exception. He had stopped to talk his— to talk to John at the bottom of the stairs.
Sherlock, under him, made the most delicious sounds— they were so manly and throaty and John couldn’t help himself from biting down harder just to hear them one more time.
-------------------------
His Sherlock was taller, John thought.
— Sherlock was walking away.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You see, for centuries I have been the head of the Holmes family. When his parents died, Sherlock became the sole heir, so it was my duty to take care of him. Calling him my brother would be easier than actually explaining our relationship. As my last living— and when I say living, you know what I mean— relative, I have been prone to the weakness of sentiment.”
“Here,” Sally said, passing the can over to her boyfriend. “What’re you gonna write?” She slurred, laughing loudly.
That was the best goodbye he could hope to get from her, plus a firm pat on the shoulder from his father.
“How old would you say Sherlock is, Mr Watson?”
When the plate of scones was empty and John finished his assigned files, he got up and stretched his arms over his head, sighing. If he hadn’t gotten up, his back would scream the next day.
A few droplets of water fell on his temple and he tilted his head up, being met with overly dark clouds and a couple more drops. In the corner of his eye, he caught sight of something moving. The curtains on the window of the upstairs apartment of 221 closed abruptly, before John could actually see anything, but he’d swear someone had been looking at him.
AHHH! I liked this one! Hope you do, too!!
He looked up and saw the person’s posture change, snapping their head in the opposite direction and covering half of their face with a hand, still glaring down at John, eyes now a shade darker, full of revulsion. If looks could kill, John thought. Even with only the eyes showing, though, John was surprised with the confidence his brain had as it provided the name of the person:
Mike laughed and teased Molly for having a crush on a “bad boy” as he put it, which she promptly ignored and tried to hide her blush. Her phone buzzed to life, a text message calling for her attention. She made a strange face and John asked if she was fine.
He spent the rest of the day attempting to avoid eye contact with the three women— which was probably being a little paranoid on his part, for he didn’t see them at all, not once— and focusing solely on his friends— Greg said he’d passed by the nurse’s office, on his way to his next class— Introduction to Legal Analyses— and had seen Philip Anderson complaining like a baby, as Mrs Pomfrey told him he had a broken nose and his girlfriend cringed at the sight of it all.
“Either way,” Mycroft continued. “We’d better upgrade their surveillance status. Grade three level.”
Being as he was, he immediately approached the lady, with a smile, picked the fallen item and asked if she needed any help.
His sister hugged him until he had no more space left in his lungs for air and pretended she hadn’t cried when he saw the wet spot left from her tears on the shoulder of his shirt..
We all know the speech about money and spying on Sherlock
Oh, he thought, maybe she’d give him some of her scones. Her scones were the best. The pie he’d tried to bake had nothing on those scones. Dear Lord, John thought, he hadn’t even tried them with butter or jam yet. He couldn’t wait.
He groaned, quietly so she wouldn’t cause a drama over him being rude, or come up with some idiotic idea of bad influences, and picked up the offered phone, greeting his grandmother, who told him about some crazy, improbable story that had happened to her at the supermarket, after making sure he was eating enough and telling him he
Hope you liked it!! We finally have out friends Jim, Moran and Irene!! Hope you're as irrationally excited as I am!!
there as he caught the culprits.
His mind, anyway, became occupied with an elderly lady who was struggling with her grocery bags: crouching down to pick up a bottle of something that had fallen, but making a pained face when either her hips or knees refused to go any lower.
Thank you for all your support!!!!!!!!!
He’d get home on those days, destroy the orange with the strongest acid he could find— he’d tried boiling one once, but it did nothing to dissipate the scent— and wash his clothes up to five times until they didn’t smell of anything but the detergent Mrs Hudson bought for him.
“He’s a weird guy,” Lestrade said, making everyone look at him with interest. “We were doing mock trials that were settled so we could analyze the mistakes made by both parties, and— well, the first weird part is that he is majoring in some Chemistry related area, so I have no idea what the hell he was doing there— but he just started pointing out mistakes the police made and criticizing the lack of evidence they collected. Very smart, though.”
followed by an image of one of the victim’s faces, prior to the death, of course.
Thank you for reading! Hope you enjoyed! Can't believe it's almost over! Thank you so much for all the support (specially the kind comments)!!!!
As Mycroft left 221, he saw Anthea waiting for him.
need help, he was prepared for the rejection.
He had done so for long enough— and in enough different ways— to learn to control himself and not kill the victim, simply take what he needed to achieve the peak and return some time later.
John breathed a deep sigh and repeated the process of walking silently to the warehouse on the other side.
He scribbled down the neatest notes he could manage during the lecture, attempting to break the stereotype of bad writing and miserably failing. He could understand everything he wrote, but from afar it would look like one long udly squiggly line.
“So, what you doing later, after classes?”
The store was mostly empty, aside from a couple of employees and fewer customers than John had expected. It was a positive point in his favour, for he wouldn’t have to wait such a long time in a bloody queue as he froze and probably caught a cold, which would lower his defences and allow anything to kill him.
He made sure to step on a clean path: no dry grass, or branches, or free rocks that could make any noise to catch the attention of undesired people. He was successful, as far as he could tell— he didn’t exactly have superhuman hearing. He was pretty sure he was in the clear, though, as no vampire appeared to rip his head off his shoulders.
“You tell me. If you really claim to be friends with my brother— a man who has never trusted anyone or had any relationship of
Maybe he’d just said they’d meet up for John’s sake. Maybe he had just wanted to be rid of John because he was making uncomfortable advances. God, he hoped he hadn’t made his best friend uncomfortable. Anything but that.
Sherlock had looked disoriented when he’d opened the door for John to go in. Still, John hadn’t been able to stop the smile from stretching on his cheeks at the look of that messy hair and that pale face.
John drank the tea and prepared himself for bed. His skin looked almost grey when he looked at himself in the mirror, as he washed his teeth. His hair, too, had lost its life.
Suddenly, a look of utter horror appeared on both their faces. Their legs seemed to actually tremble with fear as they took a couple of steps back. That same fear made their eyes pop out of their sockets and their skin turn so pale it took a near blue-ish tone.
To his dismay, Jeanette approached him right before lunch, cornering him and batting her eyelashes in what looked like an uncomfortable motion. They hadn’t texted a lot, and John was almost sure he was having his first official date with Mary at the party, so he couldn’t know what they were, nor could he accept any invitation Jeanette made.
Maybe Mycroft was right. Maybe sentiment was a weakness— an unnecessary disadvantage, maybe even a dangerous one— but Sherlock couldn’t care less, if it meant he could be as close to John as he had been just the previous day.
He’d been immediately suspicious.
John laughed.
The next chapter will be the one with some realllll smut...
One had something to do with dirt, and Sherlock had circled multiple times the names of some natural flora that grew on that soil. Another one had information about one of the murders and Sherlock had noted the victim’s foot size and compared it with some other things John couldn’t really understand. The third one had some hand-made graphics with numbers that he couldn’t even
That boy had smelled the same as anyone else from afar, but when exposed to blood he couldn’t be blamed if he ran away before murdering someone in front of a hundred witnesses.
Updated earlier than expected. Hope you enjoy.
Aren't people just cruel, sometimes?
“Whatever you say, dear. But maybe you should rethink your decision about dusting.” With that, she was off to her own flat. Sherlock could hear her singing under her breath as she prepared tea.
I can't believe I'm late! I am SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SORRY!!
Harry had texted him only twice, but that was his sister at her best.
Sherlock could read them with more difficulty than he could everyone else, and what he read wasn’t exactly positive from his perspective. And, of course, just to worsen things up, John had to go and put himself at risk.
“You must understand, John Watson, that after hundreds of years in solitude, one starts to feel wary. Sherlock was the only one to carry the same intellectual burden as me, the only one to truly be able to understand and read people. He knew what I was, even before I told him so. If he’d applied himself, he could have surpassed me long ago. But we do know Sherlock’s stubbornness, don’t we?”
Sherlock got to his feet and quickly went over to one of the curtain covered windows and pulled it aside. It was raining again today but he didn’t care. He pried open the latch and pulled open the window, rain pelting his face. Without a glance back, Sherlock crawled out and pulled the window shut behind him before taking off towards the woods. The ground was muddy and his shoes quickly filled with water. He wasn’t dressed for the weather and felt his jumper weighing him down from the rain it collected. He ran and ran until his lungs burned and his legs wobbled.
John smirked at him, “Tomorrow we’re going out. On a date. And if you’re good, maybe you’ll get a kiss after.”
,’ John? It is impossible for everything to simultaneously be okay. What would constitute ‘okay’ to you, John? Perhaps your okay, is not my okay. Regardless, what do you hope to learn from such a pedestrian question? If I lie, if I tell you the truth, what good would that do,
He continued forward, knees bruised and cut from crawling but the light was so appealing and warm…it almost seemed familiar. He came closer and closer, assuming it was an opening to the other side of wherever this tunnel led. He frowned as he grew closer, coming to find a ball of light, it looked like an isolated fire that seemed to float in midair. He was fascinated and terrified, never having seen anything like this in his life, there had to be some kind of scientific explanation. He sat on his legs and reached out slowly, oddly he didn’t feel any heat radiating off of the fire so he moved closer until his hand was a hairbreadth away from touching it and still, nothing. He took in a deep breath and held it as he reached out and put his hand through the flame.
Prompt: John takes Sherlock to a military ball and all the other male soldiers are fawning over Sherlock causing John to get jealous. (For Belle333)
“Are you going home?
“It was in the garden…under the hydrangeas…” He looked down, hands clasping together.
“They also said that you found it…beautiful?” Yates frowned as he was met with silence yet again. “I will not be leaving until you communicate with me.” Sherlock clenched his jaw tighter, refusing to give in.
“A complete nutcase but he’s one of a kind…flaws and all. He’s saved my life countless times and I his and that’s what we do…that’s how we move forward. When one of us is down, the other carries his weight and we move on.”
Prompt: Picture of a cake that says, "Sorry you suck at everything"
“John…” Sherlock murmured, watching him. “John, you won’t find anything.”
“C-Cold…” His teeth chattered and his face was ghostly pale. Sherlock looked around, trying to figure a way to get John out before he went into hypothermic shock, when a light flashed down on them.
“Seems we’re invited to tea at noon.”
Sherlock watched John leave his room, a smile breaking out and an all encompassing happiness that he had never felt before, surrounded him.
(Despite the general feeling towards S4, I’m going to take one aspect from it that could be logical [if provided with a different background story anyway])
“John? What is it? Are you hurt?” Sherlock went up to John, setting down his violin without much care when John had always seen him take the upmost care with it. “John…tell me, speak to me. What happened?”
John hurried into the flat, soaked from the rain and having forgotten his umbrella. He mindlessly grabbed the mail before heading up to his flat, wanting nothing more than a shower and tea. He walked in and saw Sherlock engrossed in a book on the floor despite the cool of the oncoming winter. “Evening.” John wasn’t surprised to see that Sherlock said nothing back, not even acknowledging his presence. He went off to shower and walked into the kitchen, wrapped in his bathrobe. “Do you want tea Sherlock?” No response. Regardless, John made tea for both of them and as the kettle boiled, he went to start a fire in the fireplace. The room was freezing and he didn’t know how Sherlock was impervious to it. John was vaguely aware of eyes watching him as he bent down and stoked the fire.
“Sherlock d’you want tea?”
Sherlock woke up in his bed, head aching and eyes blurry, his body stiff and exhausted. He sat up slowly, rubbing his eyes and taking stock of how he felt. He examined his hands and his legs, no burns…
“What’s your name then? Maybe I can guess?” John started to clean up the bandages as the dragon purred out happily against his neck. “Is it…Snow?” The dragon growled and smacked his tail against John’s cheek. “Ow! Sorry! Not snow. How about Diamond?” The tail smacked him again, “Oi! Stop it! I’m just trying to figure out what to call you.” The dragon huffed and clambered off of John’s shoulders, landing ungracefully onto the floor. He wandered around looking for something before he jumped up on to the table and pushed a book at John with a claw. John came over and opened the book, “What about it?” The dragon glared at John and looked down at the pages, a single claw stabbing at an ’S.’
John got out of bed and made his way into the kitchen to make tea, seeing Sherlock already typing away on his laptop.
“John. John. John. JOHN. John.”
“You’re correct.”
With a hand leaning against a tree to hold him up, Sherlock took deep breaths to calm himself, looking around at his surroundings. He didn’t recognize this part of the forest. The trees were thicker and left little space in between which saved him from feeling much of the rain. It had grown dark as he ran and he could barely see a few feet in front of him. Fear ran through him for only a moment before he took a deep breath and let himself calm down, all he had to do was retrace his steps, he could easily follow the trail back. He nodded to himself and turned back to follow his foot prints in the mud but to his horror, they were gone. His heart started to race and he looked around for any sign of where he had come from. There was nothing obvious but to turn around and hope he was heading back in the way he came. The forest grew more dense and quiet, the rain must have eased but the dead silence only made him more anxious. He pulled off the heavy rain soaked jumper, shivering with cold even in the late summer heat.
“I don’t understand.” He was completely baffled. They arrived and their doors were opened, Sherlock waiting for John to join him and then strolling in as if he owned the place. John stared in shock and hesitantly followed after him. No one stopped them, John expected the guards to chase after them.
John kissed a still sleeping Sherlock as he grabbed his bag and headed out the door. He had work at the surgery that morning, having gotten a call that Sarah couldn't make it in. Just as John opened the office door, his phone started to ring.
“Dead things are?”
Sherlock tried to repress his scowl, “I’m not holding him-”
“I’m sorry?”
“You did.”
“Of course I’ll marry you. But I want a ring.”
John looked over at him, shocked. Sherlock looked at the other man, glaring. “Can I help you?”
“Sherlock, take a few breaths for me.” That only served to make him angrier. His gaze flickered to the clock, only twenty minutes had passed. There was no way he was going to make it through this. He wished he was older, taller, stronger and could make the doctor shut up and leave him alone. He wished he could leave his parents house and never come back. He wished everyone would just
“Yes John,” Sherlock cut in before he could speak once they were alone, “I am technically royalty-dull-and why did I not tell you? Clearly your response to this is telling enough. And yes, I do wish to go to dinner with you.”
“You’re the only one who’s never called me that…”
The dragon growled at him, wanting the food desperately, its stomach aching for food. He tried to refuse but his instincts got the better of him. He started down the curtain again, it ripped loudly as he sank to the floor, tearing a huge hole in the fabric. He sniffed at the air, taking careful strides over to the boy. John stood stalk still as the dragon moved in closer, a hairbreadth away from the plate. The dragon watched him carefully, moving in as close as he dared before sinking its teeth into the fish and darting away, back into the nest on John’s bed. John sighed and got up, placing the plate on the table before going to sit on his bed. He was stopped by a vicious snarl from the dragon. “It’s my bed!” He protested and tried to sit again, the dragon snapping at him with his teeth. “You don’t own it!” John huffed and moved to sit on the floor instead. The dragon sat in its nest, chewing at the fish, watching John and making sure he stayed away.
“What?”
“Please get the cake, love. Be there in an hour.” He kissed Sherlock’s temple and Sherlock waved him off.
“Yeah, I’ve had to stay and help my Mum…my father…anyway.” An awkward silence sat between them for a moment before Mike perked up again.
“Everything okay?”
“We all have scars, love. Some you can see, some you can’t. But I think you are the most beautiful person I have ever known so don’t worry about what they think. Since when do you care what other people thought?”
It tried to move back from John but let out a cry of pain. John knelt before the dragon, taking off his helmet, his sandy blonde hair flat against his head.
“Queen Mary Reservoir, Surrey. A body washed up on shore, no identification, no missing persons filed. But he’s wearing a suit…obviously someone important but his body is all, expanded. It’s disgusting-“
John got up to dress but Sherlock stopped him. “If you must wear a jumper, wear a nice one.”
“I…I do too…” Sherlock was slowly coming back around.
“Yeah, I did. Ten minutes ago. Thanks for listening.”
“Um…yeah it’s down the hall on your right…”
“You do?” John grinned and slowly moved closer to him.
“Yes,” Sherlock breathed out, looking at John apprehensively.
“ ‘Cause it’s beautiful Mummy.” He mumbled, tears in his eyes.
“Yes, I’ll take the case.”
I don’t look at him but keep my gaze up at the ceiling. “John.”
Bonus Christmas post from my blog:
Prompt: “Why can’t Sherlock be my daddy too?”
“Great-“
“You don’t understand, John. I
“Yes, Sherlock?”
“Ah, Watson? We were going to phone you. What did you want on the cake?”
“No one said you were, Sherlock.” The boy rolled his eyes.
“Daddy! I painted a picture!” John smiled and took her hand as they started the walk home.
“I’m not stupid! I heard what you said to my parents.” The doctor acted as if he had no idea what Sherlock was talking about and it just made him angrier. “I’m not a sociopath!” Dr. Yates sighed and briefly wrote in his notebook.
Chapter 2
“Well if the teachers weren’t so stupid-’’
“Why do you care?” I demanded.
Sherlock looked down at his feet.
“Didn’t realise?” John looked at Sherlock, confused.
“Why, sherlock? This could kill you!” Sherlock mumbled something intangible, “What?”
“He was an idiot.” He had no remorse, Dr. Yates wrote down in his notebook and looked back up at the boy.
“Mind if I walk with you?”
“Sherlock.” John’s voice was strong but Sherlock caught the slight wave of emotion. He slowly turned back towards John, hesitantly meeting his stare. “After everything we have been through…years later, you tell me this now?”
“GET OUT!”
I paused at the edge of the water, something about it made my heart race. Odd. I tried to make myself step closer but my body began to quiver. Horrified by the betrayal of my body, I took a step back, getting as close to the body as I dared. It made for a difficult inspection but not impossible.
“Have a case today?”
John swatted at him and laughed, “You’ve been thinking about that all night, haven’t you?”
“I…I um…” He swallowed the lump in his throat and nodded, “Y-Yes…”
“I have to go.” He shoved the photos back in the envelope and reached for the door handle.
“Do you like it when people hurt?” Sherlock glared, he had been asked these questions before by other doctors. He wouldn’t dignify this question with a response. Yates waited a moment and frowned down at his notes before continuing on. “Perhaps you could tell me why you brought in the dead bird the other day. Your mother told me you said it was beautiful.”
I love you.’
Yates tried for over an hour to get Sherlock to talk but he never wavered in his glare or his silence, he was willing to wait this out even if it took days. The grandfather clock in the far corner of the room struck six and as the final chime rang out, Yates sighed and gathered his things, leaving the room without a word.
“Me?” John looked right at him and their eyes locked.
“Not now, Sherlock. I’m thinking.” Sherlock knew from experience that Mycroft wouldn’t budge when he was thinking. His teeth clenched, he stormed out of the room, slamming the door on his way out. He hated them. All of them.
‘John,
“Don’t make promises you don’t intend to keep.” I gave up on going past him and made some distance between us.
The music continued on without interruption, the keys being masterfully played by a boy of seventeen. He wore a navy suit, having just come back from University. Though they were vastly different in may ways, they shared a fascination for science. It was one of the few things that they would talk about and Sherlock would soak up his brothers knowledge like a sponge.
“Oh no you don’t. You’re not getting out of this one.”
“You look a little jittery.” John frowned, “Are you high?” He came over and felt Sherlock’s pulse and looked at his pupils.
Prompt: why does John not react to gunfire?
“We can be a little late…”
“I don’t want you to hate me, John! I couldn’t…John. I don’t want to see the look on your face when, when I say…”
“I’m sorry…we’re having tea…here?”
“Hey, Sherlock!” John grinned and sat across from him on the ground. “I didn’t see you in class, I thought maybe you weren’t here.”
Sherlock let out a laugh and stood, looking over his shoulder at the cake. “It was a joke.”
‘John. That is 5.26 hours away.
“Daddy? Why can’t Sherly be my daddy too?”
“Do you think I’m a freak?”
Sherlock playfully rolled his eyes, “Anything for you, John Watson.”
John rolled his eyes, “Whatever. Just don’t wake me when you get home.” Sherlock left and John finished his tea, staring at the letter. He glanced up and saw Sherlock’s keys on his desk. “Sherlock! You forgot your keys!” He was already gone. John got up and decided to leave them in their hiding spot outside the front door. As he went to grab them, he caught sight of one of the drawers, barely open. He reached down and pulled out the drawer, his eyes widening as he caught sight of the same envelopes as he had been receiving his mysterious letters in, however these ones were blank. It dawned on John that he had found the source but the relief he thought he would feel, never arrived. This new revelation brought on a million questions.
They began the trek back to John’s cottage, Mike rambling away about the friends that they once had in common that John hadn’t seen in ages. He had consumed all of his time with Sherlock and keeping the cottage upright that he had forgotten everything else.
“I’m not daft, despite what you think! I know you have it hidden somewhere!”
He had a date with the beautiful, perfect, John Watson.
“T-Thank y-you…” John’s teeth still chattered and he finally began to relax as Sherlock was guided next to him.
“You’re married…”
“Your parents said that you’re often in detention.”
Mycroft sighed, “John, I really prefer you do not play dumb with me. It may work on my brother-’’
“It can’t be that bad.” John nearly rolled his eyes at Sherlock’s dramatics. He reached over and ran his hand over one of Sherlock’s on the wheel. He slowly relaxed and John threaded their fingers together, bringing his hand to his lips and kissing Sherlock’s hand. “We’ll do this together, yeah?”
John looked up, gaping in surprise.
“Are you listening to me?”
“We bloody well are!” John opened the door and climbed out, the urge to see Sherlock was increasing per second. “Look, I don’t have an answer for you. But if this other envelope you have is any indication…you don’t have to worry.” Before Mycroft could reply, John was sprinting back to 221B.
Sherlock’s mobile rang, assuming it was a client, he picked it up, his eyes still trained on his microscope. He stood suddenly, his chair falling to the floor with a crash as he ran down the steps of 221B, grabbing his coat and forgoing the taxi, he set off at a sprint. He burst into the A&E, rushing up to the desk, “What room is John Watson in, I don’t have time for your incompetence, what room is my husband in!”
“Right,” he cleared his throat, “Sherlock…Rosie asked me a question today and I didn’t know how to respond and I wanted to ask you what you would like to do. I don’t have any expectations but I-“
Sherlock slowly lifted up a folded piece of paper. Mycroft sighed and opened it, frowning at the contents before handing it over to John.
“Breakfast. Obviously.” He handed the plate to John and set his coffee at the bedside table before joining him on the bed, sitting where the end of John’s crosses legs rested.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m tired.” John frowns and I make my exit, closing my bedroom door and laying down on the cold covers. I listen to John in the kitchen, preparing leftovers for his dinner and then turning on the telly as he eats. The static of the telly pulls me into a daze, eyes closing but not fully immersed in sleep. I’m on the brink, breathing deep and mind soothing into a blank when I hear my door open with a creak. I don’t move or give any indication of being aware. “Sherlock?” John whispers, making sure I’m asleep before closing my door again. He foolishly stands right outside it, believing me to be asleep while he makes his call. “Mycroft.” There is a pause before he continues. “It’s a danger night.” He may think it’s a clever code name but it’s blatantly obvious. John and Mycroft use this whenever they believe I am craving. Well deduced this time around but I won’t give him the satisfaction of knowing that. “Of course I’m not bloody sure. It’s Sherlock for Christ sake.” I’m well and truly out of options now. Mycroft will be watching 221and CCTV for any attempted escape I may have. The fat bastard. “Yeah, I’ll sleep on the couch incase.” He hangs up and goes up the stairs, changing his clothes and most likely grabbing bedding to use on the couch. He’s going to regret it in the morning.
“It was an observation after I spoke with your parents about past behavior, Sherlock. However, I would like to continue the conversation so I can confirm or deny my suspicions. I know you’re very smart for your age Sherlock, but you are still, a child.” Sherlock seethed. Adults always underestimated him, thought he was just a stupid child that didn’t know anything. But at only twelve, he knew far too much, saw too much, understood too much. Just because he was small, his face still holding that baby fat, didn’t mean he wasn’t smart. Sherlock knew he was. He was always bored with children his age and older. They cared about things that Sherlock found childish and boring like superheroes or video games. It was all predictable and boring and he never understood why they all cared so much. He hated school nearly as much as he hated the children and the teachers. They were all so stupid and useless. The lessons were dull and far beneath his knowledge. He could possibly skip a few grades but he didn’t care enough to do his homework or pay attention during the lessons. So he suffered with the idiots his age.
“Hmm.” John sighed, distant sirens approaching them as John brushed back Sherlock’s hair. When the ambulance did arrive, Sherlock protested but John forced him inside. Mary was nowhere to be seen, the car already gone. John had a sinking feeling that she knew…but that wasn’t his concern right now. Sherlock was in critical condition and his life was all that mattered.
“It’s fine…um, I’ll see you later, John. S-Sherlock…” He looked at the dragon one last time who let out a growl and urged Mike to scamper away quickly. John smacked him playfully.
“Show me your arm.”
“I’m not going anywhere. Don’t you get that yet?”
“Okay?” Sherlock frowned. “Okay? That’s it?”
“Because…I don’t.”
“Christ. No one’s going to believe I’m having lunch with the bloody Queen.” He followed Sherlock out the doors, “Wait…does that mean you’re a prince? Are you a fucking prince Sherlock?!” John was getting hysterical and Sherlock could only laugh as they walked through the palace to lunch.
“John…” My voice is no higher than a whisper.
“You mean, the ocean.”
“You’ve been hiding him out here all this time?”
“Don’t be an idiot.” I pull my arm away and throw my coat and scarf off. Why is it so hot in here?
“I did. Took twelve and a half minutes to solve. The criminal class has become dreadfully dull.” Sherlocks phone chimed with a text and he picked it up, groaning as he read the text.
. “You need to calm down, Sherlock.” He felt anger like he never had. He felt like he was on fire again, something pulling at him to just make this doctor shut up for good. His nails dug into the couch, his body shaking as he glared at the doctor.
“Do you want me to beg, John?”
The boredom set in quickly and he decided to see what Mycroft was doing. He wandered down to the library where he could most often find his brother. He was sitting in his usual chair, a book open on his lap, legs crossed and wearing a suit. Sherlock made a face, annoyed that his brother was basically a carbon copy of their father who wanted nothing less than the best. He hated when Sherlock would dirty his clothes, even as a young child.
“No.” I hated seeing the disappointment on his face so I buried my own face in my knees.
“WHY, Sherlock?”
“What am I being Sherlock? Unreasonable? Because you promised, you PROMISED that you would tell them.”
By the time I enter back into my flat I would be drenched which only adds to what I must do before I can be given the relief which I’ve been searching for. A quick shower, a change of clothes and the setting out of my tools. My heart hammering, looking at the needle incased within the silk lined box. I
“Who?”
“I am, I don’t-’’
Sherlock crossed his arms and glared at the doctor who wasn’t phased in the least. “Sherlock. Your parents called me because they are concerned about your behaviour. They have informed me that you brought a dead bird into your bedroom.” The doctor waited for a response but Sherlock sat and stewed in silence.
“But, Mum! He’s a white dragon!”
‘Find a new case?
“…bored.” Sherlock mumbled.
“That doesn’t-that doesn’t matter, Sherlock. I need you to stay awake, all right?”
“Right. Perfect. You know what? Fuck you!”
“I’d love to. Pick me up at one.” John grinned and started back to school, Sherlock following numbly after him.
This had happened before, a few times. Doctors had come, examining and testing him because he wasn’t normal. It started when he was five and so did the diagnoses. He had heard it all at this point and having yet another come in to claim some false diagnosis set him on edge.
“What if…What if it does?”
“Despite the awful name, I am afraid that this condition is very real, however irrational, clearly something to do with my childhood. While I would enjoy-yes I admit it-a few days away with you, I have no intention on being that close to that depthless void.”
She nodded enthusiastically, “Sherly made me breakfast!” Sherlock only let Rosie call him that. John jokingly called him that once...it didn’t end well.
“I can’t have a conversation with a dead man.” He rolled his eyes and grabbed another biscuit. His mothers face paled.
“Say what?”
“John!” Sherlock grasped the edge of the well, slick and ice cold. “John, are you all right?”
221B was a welcome sight, both of them slowly making their way upstairs to the flat.
I roll my eyes this time. He truly is an idiot. I could have injected elsewhere, he should know better as a doctor. But I push up my sleeves and show him. Clean, no marks, no bruises. John’s whole body relaxes with relief and he goes to turn off the kettle that begins to whistle. He pours two cups but one will go cold.
“Do you want me to go with Sarah, Sherlock?” He nearly whispered, unable to look away.
With each stroke, his natural white came back and John marvelled at the sight. “You’re amazing, did you know that?” The dragon purred at the praise. “Can you do that again?” Sherlock concentrated and his scales slowly faded back to the green around them. John grinned and they set about back home. “How about blue?” Sherlock paused in his stride as his scales changed to the colour of the sky at twilight. They played this game all the way home, Sherlock purring with praise and prancing about, showing off his new skill. “Let’s go show Mum but this time, turn black!” He laughed as they went inside the cottage. “Hey Mum-“ a piecing scream echoed around them as John doubled in laughter, Sherlock’s eyes seemingly floating by themselves in the dark.
“Your Majesty…it’s an honour. Truly.” Sherlock and Mycroft couldn’t hold in their laughs but they were quickly silenced by one look from her.
“Fine. Cold.” He carefully leaned his shoulder against John’s, needing the contact. “Wasn’t really planning on a swim today.”
He made his way to the door and slowly pushed it open. The sun had begun to set, casting a warm glow on the teenager that sat in front of the instrument. His brother was seven years older than him but he acted like it was thrice that. His brother was their parents favorite and they did little to hide that, he was perfect in every way that mattered to them. It was clear, early on that Sherlock would be in every way opposite of his elder brother and Sherlock resented him for it. But with all of his jealousy, he still craved his brothers attention, he still looked up to him.
John grumbled as he pulled weeds in the garden behind their cottage. “This is your fault. You should be doing chores.” Sherlock pranced around the yard, thoroughly enjoying his time outside for the first time in a week. He rolled on to his back and rubbed into the dirt, letting out content little yips. “At least one of us is having fun.” John continued on with his task as Sherlock explored within eye sight. He felt bad having kept the dragon in for so long but now that he was healed, John figured he deserved the sunlight. He wondered if Sherlock thought about his family or the day he was attacked, if he even remembered what happened. Well, he would do everything in his power to protect him.
“Well, goodnight John. Goodnight dear,” She hugged Sherlock again, much to his disdain. They were alone in the room and John waited a few moments for Mrs. Holmes to walk away before laying in on Sherlock.
“Sherlock?” His head lolled against the headrest of the seat and John cursed, holding his fingers to Sherlock’s pulse. “His hearts racing…call an ambulance!” He opened Sherlock’s eyes, one at a time and frowned, “His pupils are dilated.”
“Well…I…how about we get you some chips?”
“Sherlock, that was not very considerate. You know how…civilians react to such situations.”
“I’m not high! Let’s just get this over with.” He grumbled and they got in the car. Sherlock was lost in his thoughts most of the way there which put John in a bad mood. It was supposed to be fun, a new adventure. Something they had never done together. He didn’t understand why Sherlock was acting like this.
“What are you reading, My?” His brother didn’t respond and Sherlock backtracked, realising why. “Um…I mean, Mycroft?”
“Daddy? We’re making a family tree but I don’t have a mum…can I put Sherly there instead?” John paused for a moment.
“So it was an…experiment of sorts?”
“Not what it looks like? Save it. I’m not a goddamn child. Give it to me.” His hand is held out and I stare at it, desperate to keep what I found.
“Sherlock? I’ve got to set up for the party, will you get the cake?”
Prompt: John gets mysterious love letters in the mail every day and he doesn't know they're from Sherlock.
“I never thought anyone would hold down Johnny boy here. Pleasure to meet you.”
“Well…” Ever so slowly, Mike slowly stood and took a step back. “Look, Mike, I’d really appreciate if you didn’t tell anyone about this, it’s for his protection.”
John climbed out of bed, tiredly making his way to the loo and then into the kitchen. “Morning.” Rosie was sitting at the table with Sherlock, eating breakfast. Sherlock has been getting up with her in the mornings, which wasn’t intentional for John to pass on the responsibility but he felt increasingly tired lately, probably coming down with something. “Sit. I’ll get you some tea.” Sherlock got up from his microscope and John sat with a yawn.
“Fine…in the morning then.”
“Where?”
“While it may be true that I was married to my work, as you very well know, I am married to you now.”
“You were going to ask if I had eaten today.”
Thank you for being with me through the amazing adventure that was writing this fic. Thank you!
There was a nice girl there that seemed to be friends with Mike and Lestrade: Molly Hooper, John thought her name was, but his head was too fuzzy for him to comprehend anything too complex.
Enjoy!
test my patience.” He didn’t really need to threaten with an “or what”, since they all knew what would happen if they stepped a foot out of line. John didn’t even care if he got arrested for ripping the bastard’s face off.
Maybe Sherlock’s intelligence was rubbing off on John, for him to reach such a conclusion so fast.
He wasn’t the vainest person out there, but he really wouldn’t mind getting laid during his time there. One of the things he was sure of was that he already met, dated, kissed, or slept with every girl worth of his time in Slough; a change of scenery would do him no harm in that aspect.
As John spoke the words, Mycroft reached into a pocket on the inside of his jacket and pulled out exactly what he’d been about to mention.
Thank you!
“What the hell do you even have against the people who live here? That lady is so sweet!”
“What do you want, Mycroft?” Sherlock demanded, scowling and throwing his post it note to the floor in anger.
“Please step in, Mr Watson,” she said, still not shifting her eyes away from the screen.
He’d been talking with his suspects when John had arrived.
Pulling Sherlock’s hair with one on his hands as the other made its way to that thin waist, John took the opening to kiss down his chin and onto his neck.
The last thing he heard, before stepping into the path that would lead him to the warehouses, was Mycroft telling his minion— probably the woman, who he addressed as Anthea— they’d go to some fancy club, next.
of your business.”
Sherlock saw no need to have John there with him, so he decided not to mention where he was going— after John had left, that perfect conductor of light, and had, by accident, scattered some files, Sherlock had connected everything and found out where the bastards were hiding.
John had seen an article similar to the one circled on said page. There were notes written on the edges and underlined phrases. Most on some type of ash, or some fabric left on each scene.
He’d quickly found out the differences between the blood of a healthy person and an addict. After weeks, he could pick them in a crowd by smell alone. And he’d done so persistently: drinking addict after addict after addict, until the only thing left was the high between one feeding and the other and the stimulation of every drop.
“Why not? You don’t have any cases and I think we could both use some air-“
“John, I…” He was utterly bewildered but John could see the slight upturn of his lip and the glint that began in his eyes. John began to grin.
“I don’t have
“How can you have a day without a night? You’re the book that I have opened…” John slowly opened the door, hoping Sherlock wouldn’t hear him. “And now I’ve got to know much more…” Sherlock was washing his hair, his eyes closed, completely unaware that he had an audience.
Sherlock had brought me into his world of crime and danger and I couldn’t look back. The war…though it brought me night terrors and caused the constructing of my chest at times, I did miss it. That’s a deranged thing to say, having seen so many men and boys dying before my eyes. People that I had come to see as brothers and dear friends…
“John, that’s not what I meant. We’re not related, biologically.”
He spent a few hours out there, dreading going back home where he knew he would be in trouble. The rain began as it so often did and he dragged his feet all the way home. It wasn’t long before his parents swooped down on him and began their lecture. He was wrong, it wasn’t beautiful, it was gross. Don’t touch dead things. Do you know what kind of diseases birds carry? It all began to blur as he was berated for his behavior. He retreated into his mind where he thought about what it would be like to run away and never return. It would be so easy…
crossed his arms.
“John?” He paused at the door and looked at Sherlock from the doorway.
“Told me what?”
“I don’t.” He grumbled like a child.
When Sherlock came home late that night, he quietly made his way to his bedroom. He switched on the lights and paused as he saw an envelope on his bed. His blood ran cold as he he approached the bed and opened it. He recognised John’s handwriting immediately.
“Of course I’m bloody awake. You woke me up!” John grumbled and sat up a bit. “It’s five in the morning you bastard!” John looked over at Sherlock, ready to throttle him but the look on Sherlock’s face made him frown. “What? What is it?”
“Why?” John held his gaze, Sherlock was extremely uncomfortable and stood up quickly.
“This is wonderful, thank you.” He smiled and they continued walking on in silence for a few minutes.
“Nothing you would understand, little brother.”
“I love you too, John. Happy Valentines Day.”
“Tea.”
John walked as fast as he could until he got out of sight and then ran as best as he could with his haul. He ran up to the cottage and froze, the contents he held, falling to the ground with a thud. The door was open, claw marks down the door as if there were a struggle.
Prompt: Sherlock has an unexpected phobia and tires to hide it from everyone on a case that involves it.
Everything is stagnant and I feel the itch of boredom washing over me. It’s in my mind…I know this but I can’t help but reach up run my nails over my scalp and on my arm. I crave to do something,
With that done, Sherlock sat back down on the floor and turned on his flashlight, bringing the magnifying glass close to different parts of the bird, trying to see it in the most minor detail. He was fascinated by the small world before him, a life that once was and what it took to create it.
“…I um…can I show you…um something?” He bit down on his cheek, still clutching the dead bird.
“Mmm. Good. That’s good.” Sherlock began to drift off to sleep. John watched him for a moment, unable to help the sorrow that ached in his chest. “Yeah, it is good, isn’t it?”
“Not now, I’m working.” Sherlock dipped his head and turned around, leaving the room without another word. He continued on down the hall, the birds face now dragging on the floor beside him. The second floor lead up to the third that was used mostly for storage but also held Sherlock’s bedroom. He paused just before the stairs and heard soft piano coming through to the final door on his left. He knew this room intimately, sneaking down near every night, turning on a single lamp and listening to his fathers massive collection of records. But in this room also held a piano. His parents and his brother played the piano and they had tried to teach Sherlock from an early age but he found no interest in learning it. He knew how to play, he memorized the keys and the pedals but he would never give them the satisfaction of hearing him play. He didn’t want to be like them. Ever.
“You…love me?”
“Let me get him something to eat, I’ll catch up with you in a bit.” John pulled a huffing Sherlock away from the crowd.
“I was talking to you, Sherlock. We’ve had this conversation a thousand times!”
“It was
“I’ll come up with some way to get out of this.”
“Yeah,” John chuckled and ran a hand down Sherlock’s neck, keeping him calm, a soft purr rumbled from the dragon but his eyes were still narrowed at Mike. “Please, Mike. He’s family.”
John kneeled by Sherlock and kissed his cheek. “What’s wrong?”
“I’ve been awake for hours already as you slept the day away.” John rolled his eyes and ignored Sherlock’s comments. He made Sherlock a cup without asking, placing it on the desk beside him and settling into his chair.
“Sherlock Holmes.” He held out his hand, already tired of this event.
“Why?” He was watching John, his heart still racing, making his chest ache.
“I…suppose so.”
Prompt: Sherlock in his elementary school getting laughed at and he says "Stop laughing at me" (like from S4) and john coming to the rescue.
“I dunno.” He shrugged again, his gaze flicking to the window he had escaped out of yesterday. The crows were back.
There were voices off in the distance and John froze, fear coursing swiftly through him. No one knew about Sherlock and he couldn’t be seen. Sherlock’s ears picked up at the sound and he growled lowly, coming up to stand in front of John. “No, Sherlock! You have to hide!” John pushed at the unmoving dragon, his fear growing as the voices came closer. “Please! Run! I’ll be fine!” Sherlock whimpered, his instincts telling him to protect John at all costs. “Sherlock, please!” With one final plead, Sherlock gave a final cry of distress before hurrying off into the tree line.
Sherlock left few minutes later and placed the ticket on the bakery counter.
“You’re finally awake.” John frowned and peered at the clock on the kitchen wall.
He sighed, “I find school to be dull and a waste of time which is why I take it upon myself to learn. Chemistry, Physics, Forensics, Probability. Things that are actually useful unlike making paper mache animals from the rainforest.”
“Sherlock!” John grabbed him by the shoulder and pulled him around from his microscope. Sherlock frowned in annoyance.
“I wanted to talk to you first…”
“Mummy, LOOK!” His tone was more aggressive. His mother wasn’t phased in the least, used to his outbursts when he didn’t get this way.
A throat cleared and they both froze. John quickly scrambling to his feet as they both hesitantly looked at Mycroft who had an amused albeit concerned look on his face. “Have I caught you at a bad time?”
. I stood up and tried to push past him but he reached out and held firm, blocking my way to the stairs. “Let me go!”
Right so…this is my first blog entry. I don’t know if this will work but I’ll give it a go.
“What was that?” Mike’s eyes widened. “It sounded like…”
John had left Sherlock at home as he went into town and gathered food from the market while his mother worked. He took care of everything around the house as she tried to make enough money to keep them afloat. It had been increasingly difficult after his father died, the war alone had made living a hardship for everyone in the village. But they made do. John carried a sack and a basket, lugging his haul back towards the cottage when he heard his name called, “John! John, wait up!” A dirty brown haired boy ran up to him with a grin plastered on his face.
“Sherlock, what is this about a-“ He paused as they stopped behind him, his mother gasping at the sight.
His breath was laboured as he lay in the stream, pretending to push off the body of the beast and crawling back onto the shore. He wiped off the blood, dripping from his sword and placed it back in his belt loop. He flopped back on to a rock and let the warm sun soak into his cold skin, slowly drying his clothes. His mother would be upset that he dirtied his clothes again. He put aside the helmet and closed his eyes, being lulled by the warmth of the sun and the soft sound of the stream around him. Just as he was near sleep, John was startled awake by a terrible screech. He sat up, heart racing and picking up his helmet, pushed it on his head. He made his way down the rocks again, listening to the horrid noises just on the edge of the trees where the clearing ended. The brush shook and John moved towards it, sword clutched in his grasp. He stepped closer, a body’s length away when this invisible creature drew the most horrific noise of pain and John launched forward.
“Fine.” He huffed and crosses his arms, looking up at John. “What is it?”
Sherlock tried not to roll his eyes, completely over John’s fit. “John, you could have texted me.”
“No…sorry mate, I didn’t realise…”
‘Play your violin.
“Mm.” Sherlock looked John up and down, a hunger in his eyes. “You should wear your uniform more often.”
“N-No…mmm Sherlock…” John gasped as Sherlock pulled at John’s ear with his teeth. “Fucking-Sherlock! We have to go!” He playfully pushed him away and kissed him one more time before they went to hail a cab.
“I was trying to watch it decompose in room temperature but my Mother made me throw it out.”
Sherlock came over to him and wrapped him in his arms. “Of course I want you to come, John. We’ll tell them together.” He ran his fingers over the ring on John’s hand.
“But, Sherlock-“
What am I supposed to in that time?
“Never.” John grinned against the skin of his back. “I expect you to serenade me when we get back from dinner.”
“I…I don’t…”
“Wouldn’t I?” John raised an eyebrow and sipped his tea, challenging me with his stare. I narrowed my eyes and John sighed, “Stubborn git.” He turned and went into the bedroom, I followed and to my horror, he was packing a bag. “I’m going to pack you a bag. If you want to come with me in the morning, that’s up to you.”
“What?” John turned towards him, the anger evident on his face. “What did you say?” Sherlock didn’t reply, John went up to him. “Don’t ignore me Sherlock.” John lifted Sherlock’s head up. “Christ, Sherlock. How much did you take? Hm?”
When are you coming home?
He got up and left the room, it had only been half an hour since the start of their session. His mother was in the kitchen talking to one of the maids when he walked in and grabbed a biscuit from the counter. “Sherlock, what are you doing? You’re supposed to be with Dr. Yates.”
“I’m sorry…what?”
John hesitantly opened the envelope and took out dozens of photos. They were all of him and Sherlock in various places around London.
“Sherlock…you realise this is not…a regular pub.” John looked around hesitantly.
“I know.”
Sherlock huffed and begrudgingly nodded. He entered school, already wanting to go home. He sat in the back of the class by the window, pulling out a rather large book on quantum physics. The class was dreadful and Sherlock barely paid attention. They had to go around the room and say their names, Sherlock tried not to get in trouble.
“No. Drinking will slow me down.”
“Mm.”
“God, Sherlock! What more do I have to say? Do I really have to spell it out for you?”
John huffed and grabbed a drink menu. “D’you want anything Sherlock?”
The ball was dreadfully dull from the moment they walked in, or so Sherlock thought but he knew how important it was to John so he tried to suffer silently through it. John got him a drink hoping he would relax a bit and was completely surprised when John took his hand. There were times that they did not display their relationship, especially in professional settings but John held on to Sherlock’s hand as if they were strolling through a park.
John came back to the bed and took Sherlock’s face in his hands. “Because you’re not. When we vowed to spend the rest of our lives together, I accepted who you are. Your quirks, your genius mind…your faults but I would never call you that, Sherlock. You’re perfect to me. I love you. I will always love you.” John kisses his lips lightly.
John finally opened his eyes and headed out the back instead. Sherlock was about to go on about how they were wasting precious time when they reached the alleyway.
“I know, love. Try and get some rest.” John kissed Sherlock’s forehead and stood up from the bed.
His mother was reading a book, her face engrossed and covered from his vantage point. “Mummy, look what I found!” He held up the dead bird with one hand that was wrapped around a remaining foot.
Sherlock could hear muffled voices of the doctor speaking with his parents in the other room and he wasn’t going to stick around and wait for his parents to yell at him.
Sherlock’s look of shock was worth all the dramatics and John cherished the warmth that spread over his features. “Goodnight, love.”
For once, I didn’t have an answer. The longer John and I lived together, the more he could read me which was alarming in itself. He knew when I was lying.
Times such as these, thoughts darken and I slip into a mindset that is far more difficult to be retrieved from than it is to avoid it. I think of distractions. If only I could convince myself to rise from where I lay, dress into something appropriate and nondescript, grab my keys and wallet, walk down the steps and out the door, walk block after arduous block, quite possibly in the rain, and wait. I loathe waiting. It’s the anticipation really. What is the point of time if people do not adhere to it. People will disappoint you. They always do. I would stand there, inconspicuous in the shadows, waiting. Just as my patience would reach its zenith, he would appear. There would be haggling. A part of this
“Well…I said I didn’t know.”
“You think I’m just a stupid child.” His fingers dug into the material of the couch.
John couldn’t help but chuckle, “We are married, love.”
“Probably just a bird or something, I’ll see you later!”
It was completely dark, the moon lending nothing for his sight into the tree, it was just big enough for him to crawl into. He reached out a hand and put it into the hole, not feeling anything on the other side and though he hesitated, he decided to go in anyway. Taking a deep breath, Sherlock slowly crawled inside the tree. He looked back to see the lake shining behind him and the field of flowers beyond that, his shoes and clothing still laying on the rock where he left them. He turned back into the darkness and made his way further in, impossibly it seemed to go on forever, the light behind him turning smaller and smaller. He shivered as the cold seemed to increase and seep into his bones but just as he was about to turn back, a light shined faintly in front of him.
“So. When’s the wedding?” John’s eyes widened and Sherlock just huffed.
Kneeling on the ground, he poked and prodded at the butterfly and came to the conclusion that it was indeed dead. It had to be a coincidence right? Maybe it was old. For a moment he contemplated what he should do but realised as tragic as it was, he could add it to his collection. Scooping it back up, he carried it inside and up to his room, setting the body on his desk. He pulled down the shadow box of other bugs he had on display and pulled off the glass. With glue he carefully pasted the butterfly to the cardboard inside the frame. It was beautiful and would make an excellent addition to his collection of other butterflies he had. When he was younger, he had collected them and kept them in jars, not realizing that they wouldn’t last very long in captivity. He knew better now and only collected them if he found them dead but he had never actually killed one with his own hands before. He didn’t even know if it was his fault. Placing the glass back on the shadow box, he hung it back up, pushing away any thoughts that he had caused its death.
“Sherlock, we found the weapon and the personal belongings.”
“You did.”
There was blood, a lot of it. John nearly dropped his sword in horror as he looked at the scene before him. Broken and dismantled wings, scales glittering the ground and in the middle of it all was a baby dragon. It was no bigger than John’s arm and it was curled up, whimpering in pain. Scratches and blood covered its white scales. John stood in shock, he had never seen a white dragon before, they were presumed to have been extinct ages ago. The dragon looked up from its placed sprawled on the ground, piercing eyes like blue gem turquoise with flecks of gold. The dragon gave a weak cry of protest, too tired to keep fighting.
“Hey!” He heard a shout and the kids turned, “Leave him alone!” They saw the older boy coming up to them and they ran. Sherlock was still shaking as John kneeled in front of him.
“That’s enough, Sherlock. Sit outside the classroom.”
“May I be excused?” He played the perfect picture of innocence but his father only spared one glance at him.
“Okay.”
John watched him for a moment before realisation dawned on him. The scars. He moved closer and kissed all over Sherlock’s face despite his protests.
When John woke up, he frowned to see the bed empty beside him but the door opened and there stood Sherlock with a plate of food and two cups of coffee.
‘I’ll be home at 5.
“I…I don’t know…”
. That’s what he told himself anyway. He couldn’t put aside how real it felt…
“Be back before nightfall, John!”
Sitting at the base of a tree which stood directly in the middle of their garden, Sherlock looked down at his hands, he could almost feel the burn of that flame consuming his body. He didn’t understand what happened or how he arrived in his bed without a scar. Even the scrapes from the tree branches were gone. It couldn’t have been a dream, right? But if it was…what happened after Dr. Yates had interrogated him? Unsuccessfully, he might add. Nothing seemed to make any sense unless…he was drugged? Maybe. It was possible. He had heard Dr. Yates whispering to his parents about possible sociopathy but he didn’t see that in himself. He was just curious.
That easily distracted her. That night John sat down on the bed as Sherlock read, trying to figure out how to approach this subject.
. “Did I wake you,” he mumbled after some time, turning to look at Sherlock who sat there, concern etched in his features. Sherlock crawled over to John’s side and pulled him into his arms, placing kisses all over his face and neck until John had finally relaxed and felt sleep approaching once again, “Go back to sleep John, I will be here when you wake, I love you.”
“I’ll be right behind you.” I got up and pushed him out of my flat, grinning and wrapping my scarf around my neck. I had been itching for a case, finally something interesting!
“I know, love. I just wanted to do something...romantic.”
“Not hiding anything.”
“We wouldn’t have to talk about it everyday if you would just at least give me a space to make tea.” John grumbled and carefully manoeuvred around the glass jars and test tubes. He put the kettle on and went to sit in his chair with the morning paper as he waited for it to boil. “Did you eat today?” Sherlock ignored him as he sat there, eyes closed and his hands steepled, holed away in his mind. John sighed and went back to his paper. When the tea was done, he made two cups and brought over a plate of biscuits. “Sherlock. Drink you tea.” He sat back down and drank his own, it was nearly ten minutes later when Sherlock finally came back to.
“I would rather you just phone me, Mycroft.”
“Yes. Yes, I am.” John sat on the bed, brushing Sherlock’s hair back. “Why’d you take it? I thought we’d gotten past this.”
“I’m not hungry-“
John. John’s here.
“Yes…the icing.”
John pulled out his wooden sword that his Mum had given him for his birthday two years prior. It was growing rather small as John continued to grow but he loved it all the same. John stalked forward quietly, his bare feet leaving little sound in its wake. He dodged around trees as if hiding from his enemy, having to adjust the helmet from falling over his eyes. This continued for some time before John saw fit that he was being attacked. He lunged and struck at the trees, crying out and growling at his foes. He was the fiercest warrior, like his father before him. He fought the savage beasts of Cathron, cutting off limbs left and right, making his way through to their king, Orthon.
Sherlock was the one sending these letters. Sherlock admired him. No-he loved him. His best friend and flatmate was in love with him.
“Fucking hell, there’s no way he could have taken all of this…”
They were at the furthest trap when a screech was heard from the distance. Sherlock froze instantly and looked towards the sky, his nostrils flaring and his haunches rising. “What is it?” John frowned, looking around warily. He pulled out his dagger from his belt and unconsciously moved closer to Sherlocks side. A few more terrible roars echoed around them and Sherlock enclosed John in a wing, sinking as far down into the ground as he could, scales blending into the greenery around them. He was eerily still and John waited with bated breath. The sounds grew closer, Sherlock tensed and a shadow grew across the sky as a dragon, larger than Sherlock beat across the tops of the trees. It was various reds and streaks of black, horns and jagged scales. Nothing like Sherlock. The white dragon watched it, calculating, as it continued on off into the distance.
“Cut it out you mangey bugger. Mum’s going to kill you for what you did to the door.” Sherlock untangled himself from John and the walked back side by side to the cottage.
Sherlock did just that as John claimed his lips.
the doctor, that wouldn’t do.
“HIS protection?” He asked incredulously. “He’s a dragon!”
“Like a soul without a mind.
Sherlock looked at John and nodded, squeezing his hand and giving him a very chaste kiss before getting out and grabbing their bags. They walked to the door and it was flung open before they could knock. “Sherlock!” His mother cried in delight and hugged him despite his protests. “Come in, come in!”
“Nanna…”
John knew he wouldn’t get any answers with Sherlock in this state. He sighed and helped Sherlock lay down, placing a blanket over him. “Mmm John…are you angry at me?”
“Hmm?” Sherlock stared into his microscope.
He’s watching me, speculating. He thinks I’ve been using, I can see it in his eyes. The betrayal. How humorous that he finds my using a betrayal to him and not to my own self. But I haven’t. Not yet. He comes over and grabs my wrist without warning, stopping my pacing. He feels my pulse and it’s racing. I feel anxious and itchy and the last thing I want is to be touched.
“Sherlock, that’s not funny.” He just shrugged and wandered off to his room. He heard the scream as he climbed the stairs, followed by endless commotion. He made it up to his room and closed the door, pulling on headphones to his walkman and turning up Vivaldi as high as he could and laying back on his bed. The energy still coursed through him and he smiled to himself, feeling nothing but bliss.
Chapter 1
“Watson!” A man called out from behind them.
The moon poked through the tops of the trees as he trudged along, branches catching on his now bare skin and leaving scrapes and droplets of blood. He was tired, cold and hungry, wanting to give up and just wait to be found by someone. Just as he was about to find somewhere to sit and wait, he saw something shine through the trees before him. Curiosity drove the boy through the tangle of branches in front of him, his arms cut up even more from the branches and making him cringe at the pain.
“I…I will John-“
“Then why did you say it?” John bit back angrily.
“Thank you…” John smiled and kissed him one last time before retreating to take his shower. The blankets fell to the ground as Sherlock stood there in shock. John’s kiss had made his body alight with scorching heat. Suddenly, Sherlock wasn’t cold anymore.
John let out something between a laugh and a sob, the paramedic finally satisfied with his readings, left them alone for a moment. “No, neither was I…”
“I will not say it again, Sherlock.” He knew the meaning behind her soft tone. His jaw clenched and his fists tightened, breaking the birds foot in his left hand. She still did not look up at him and he seethed. He quietly left the room but he shook with the anger that flowed through him.
