An expression gesture that Dean had always admire, the one where his smile would show a little of his perfectly healthy teeth, and his eyes would narrowed, although one still could see the blue irises of his eyes. That was the smile that would make the owner looked vulnerable, while at the same time you know he could move a
A flap of wings was heard, and Dean turned to see Castiel had landed a few feet from the search party with a tired look in his eyes. Dean felt his chest constrict ever so slightly the moment he laid eyes on the angel. He took in the sight of Castiel’s ruffled hair, his weary blue eyes, and his wrinkled trench coat. His hands were clenched at his sides, and he ducked his gaze away from Dean.
Meg was in the other corner, appearing just as scared as the rest of them. Adam, who had previously been sleeping, stood in his pajamas, looking scared out of his wits.
Most of the ride to Sioux Falls was quiet. With Sam afraid to ask anything, Dean afraid to tell anything, and Castiel caught somewhere in between. Dean blinked the weariness out of his eyes the moment after they passed the city sign.
He was still dressed in the outfit he’d conjured earlier when he’d disguised himself as an old man, but now he was back to his current visage’s younger age. He fiddled with a bag of Cheetos, reading the ingredients as though he were reading God’s words straight from His holy text.
"I know you love her," Dean wiped his one eye. He wasn't ashamed of the tears anymore. "You deserve to be with her."
“I leave for five minutes,” Crowley commented, eyes widening watching the others. “And you guys throw a damn party.”
The event faded and Holly and Dean stood outside his daughter's bedroom. Future Dean stood, knocking on it.
Castiel went silent.
Gabriel snapped his fingers and the door opened revealing a large German Shepard. It entered the house and Future Dean resisted the urge to jump up and shoot it with a silver bullet on instinct. Dean supposed they'd yet to reveal the hunting world to his future daughter. The Shepard looked at Future Dean and its eyes flashed yellow before it sat down, cocked its head, and then barked.
Various parents mingled with Sam, Gabriel, Future Dean, and Castiel. Some with each other. There was laughter, food, drinks, and general merriment. Dean sat too, for what he perceived to be a few hours. Suddenly though, Future Dean who had been grilling burgers and hot dogs called everyone to order and all of the children ran over towards the table filled with presents. His daughter sat patiently as the presents were dispersed to her and she ripped each one open with gusto. One was a friendship bracelet kit, one was a couple of board games, the others were from friends parents they were books and toys of various kinds. Sam and Future Dean had spent the entire morning apparently building a swing set and subsequently cussing each other out as they'd done so. Cake was eaten and friends were eventually bid farewell until school the next week.
The next thing Dean knew he and her were standing in a median on a busy road. At least the road would've been busy during the day. It was night and Dean had an overwhelming feeling of what appeared to be dread.
A man that had never wavered, even in his first words to Dean.
Still, Dean had to admit, he felt the slight flutter of butterflies just thinking about it.
A/N: I'm just on a roll. I haven't felt this enthusiastic about a fanfiction in years. Hopefully, the feeling continues. I hope everyone enjoyed this chapter. I'm especially proud of Claire's talk with Dean. That being (also) said, Happy Pride Month if I haven't said it before now!
“Soul?” Dean asked, still holding the gun steady and watching as Castiel stared in fascination and also slight fear at the creature before them.
"The sky was full of stars," Jamie continued. "You asked me how long I'd known about myself. You were so damn scared of what your dad would think so you swore to me you'd never tell him. I told you that the worst that could happen, if he genuinely loved you, was some yelling, some conflicting emotions on his part, and definitely some confusion."
“Somehow,” Castiel remarked, after nibbling on Dean’s ear and the hunter could feel fingers fumbling with the button and zipper of his jeans.
“Dean!” Castiel exclaimed. “Dean! Wake up!”
"That is good to hear," Castiel nodded and looked ahead of them at the gaggle of werewolf children. "They are certainly full of energy. Not much different than the human children I've witnessed."
“You’re scared he doesn’t reciprocate your feelings,” Cathalsis pointed out. “That all this was simply due to the scent you gave off.”
“I’ve been better,” Dean commented, his voice still on the mend, but his throat was no longer in pain. “But I think I’m healed.”
Daniel hesitated a moment. It felt strange, breaking his parents’ trust, but ultimately, it was their fault for basically keeping him imprisoned. A dog could only be nice in a cage for so long before it turned.
Dean agreed, far less worried about the things going on with his little brother, and he could Sam was genuinely shocked at the answer, but secretly delighted. Wordlessly, Eileen nodded at Dean as she tossed her backpack in the passenger side of her car and started it up a moment later.
They separated before the end of the song, Dean rubbing at his arm and Castiel looking at the girls as they cried out in a chorus of lovey-dovey sounds. Garth shooed them off.
"Never mind." Sam finished.
Another update! I had a day off and I wanted to spoil my readers. I'm hoping for a decent turn for tomorrow (I have to work, and a hurricane is going to hit us) and that's another reason I'm uploading this chapter now (in case we lose power). I included more OCs of mine in this chapter. I figured it was appropriate since they are LGBT and Dean is needing a bit of help in that department. If you want more background on these OCs, read my fic (I'll be revamping it soon) "In Blackest Night".
Dean felt anger rising up inside him. Intense, white hot anger, that had to be let out somehow.
(See the end of the chapter for
LeSalle stood before Drew, smirking at him and winking. Drew’s teeth became visible in a cheeky smile, his cheeks reddening ever so slightly under his freckles.
The hound was a great protector. Dean was very thankful for him, despite the ghost pain in his ankle still flaring up occasionally to remind him of their meeting.
Dean could barely hear the sentences Castiel and Sam exchanged over the sound of his own heart beating loudly in his clogged ears. Dean felt his legs buckle for a moment, sticking his arms out to steady himself, and he stared up into Sam’s eyes once his brother managed to turn around and take notice of what was happening.
Sarah walked back over to Daniel, slightly red faced, and gave her cousin a look upon seeing the way he smiled at the scene.
Dean was covered in sweat, tossing, and turning in a fitful sleep. His breathing remained steady, but his body temperature had soared. Castiel did his best to try and keep it down without disturbing the man's rest, but it was hard. Hard to watch him lay there and suffer. All he could do was try and make Dean comfortable the few times he had woken up. Castiel hadn't been running at full capacity for a while, but he felt as though he was totally useless in this particular situation.
“You make a good dad,” Lucifer commented with all sincerity.
The twins were inside, excited by their father’s playing and singing. They clapped and sang along as Clare belted out the chorus and gave them both that million watt smile that Jude loved so. Gibson even pretended to play his own little guitar. Grace sat, proper, on the edge of the chair and stared at her father, completely entranced by what was happening before her.
"Castiel."
The doppelganger groaned upon hitting the earth outside. Dean felt chills overtake him.
The sun was starting to rise when Dean emerged from the bunker's front door, bottle of water in hand. He squinted, trying to shield his eyes from the beaming light, and looked around.
Suddenly, the feeling was gone, and Dean heard footsteps echoing on a marble floor.
Claire had entered the kitchen, smiling at Castiel, and giving him a giant hug as she made her way to the coffee pot.
“Daniel!” he heard his father call out and suddenly Dean was on his knees, hugging Daniel close to him and pressing him hard into his chest.
“How does it work?” Charlie asked.
He looked over to see Jack sitting in a chair, patiently staring at the wall nearby, and the boy turned his head when Clark stared at him.
“I’ll be okay,” Daniel replied. “You?”
All Dean heard on the other side of the door was a groan. Dean watched from the doorway as Future him walked inside the room and nudged his daughter with his hand on her shoulder. Her face was buried in her pillow and her hair was a mess, hiding her face. Eventually she groaned and rolled over.
“It’s only fair that you know that I’m the one whose supposed to end the world.”
"Annahita?" his future daughter seemed confused. "What?"
Castiel gave a bashful smile and looked down and away before returning Dean’s equally cheesy grin. The hunter extended his hand and led the angel to the table, before holding up a singular finger and then making his way over to the fridge, pulling out a few red Tupperware containers filled with food and two beer bottles.
“I just figured it was the emptiest place around here so we could have some time alone before we’re found out and dragged back to house jail.”
“Dean,” Sam’s voice cut through his thoughts and Dean jumped back into his seat, sitting up straight and adjusting himself accordingly where Sam couldn’t see.
Daniel felt exposed. As though the entire room could see through him all the way to his skeleton. His did had respected the fact that he didn’t wish to make publicly known what Daniel shared with him, but even simply having his papa in the room alongside Cathalsis was hard enough.
Dean stared on, he felt strange watching his brother sleep, but Gabriel kept a vigilant eye on Sam. He ran his fingers through Sam's long hair and the younger Winchester shifted a bit in his sleep. Holly started to retreat and motioned for Dean to follow. He did so and found that the house had disappeared once again and they were headed to the next round of events. Although this time Holly seemed rather…troubled as they approached.
"That's what soccer moms say to try and resolve something with their bratty kids or their snotty friends." Dean said.
Dean stood, hands in his pockets. He looked over at his daughter. Here she had put him through his future and hell combined and she was insistent on him seeing more? Dean had been hoping to reach the end from the beginning. It had been his goal all along, to wake up, to go home. But now that he stood so close, he still felt so far away. He felt like if he didn't see what she wanted to show him now, he'd feel incomplete. He finally sighed and nodded in response.
"You're real funny Cas," Future Dean stopped them right next to Dean, although Dean was invisible to the pair. "You know that?"
Although, he’d never tell Sam that aloud.
Dean's mouth fell open, it must be the little boy at the park. Future Dean and Castiel smiled at each other and kissed. Their daughter squealed with joy and Sam laughed as Gabriel hooted and hollered.
“It’s alright Cas,” Sam replied. “I’ll break the ice. Just, promise me you’ll come clean when we get back to the bunker. For both of your sakes.”
“Dean,” Sam tried to get through the fever haze of his brother’s mind and once Dean looked him in the eyes, he figured he was good to give instructions. “Dean, we have to change your clothes okay. Just…can I stand you up?”
"I thought we were long past this." Dean groaned and settled back down into bed, throwing an arm over his face.
It had taken all of Dean’s might and will to stay centered in the car on the ride home to the bunker.
Sam stared hard at the back of Dean's head, considering his words, and slowly following once again. Dean's and the vampire's words echoed through his head as he ran.
Ron kicked off his sleek black Doc Martens and threw his maroon beanie on the chair nearby. He shed his jacket and most of his clothes before climbing into bed next to Kevin and wrapping the blankets around them as he settled in. Kevin groaned and rolled over, cuddling closer to the Hellboy.
So, his future daughter was ten in this event? Dean smiled at her enthusiasm and obvious pure joy.
"Come along Dean." Holly insisted and touched his shoulder. They flew off to whatever came next.
"There's the sleepy head," Jody announced. "Coffee's ready for whenever."
“You want to know about the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen?” Titan asked.
"He's been taking care of Sam," Holly said to Dean. "While you're gone."
"Look," Future Dean said. "What Uncle Sammy, Papa, and I used to do it's not glamorous by any means. Coming home covered in ectoplasm and werewolf spit and blood. Trust me the blood is worse than a really bad period."
Crowley considered following, but his feet stayed in place, as he felt a tingling sensation overtake his vessel and then fill it completely. His stomach flipped, the red smoke inside of him fighting with him to turn around.
“What?!” Dean whispered loudly with annoyance.
When Dean finally saw the source of his brother’s anxiety, he slammed the brakes so hard they squealed, and the brothers exited the vehicle faster than a lightning strike. Dean stood, hypnotized by what looked like shooting stars, but it was daytime.
The black-haired boy, Jack now remembered his name to be Clark, cracked open his eyes and Jack felt his heart flutter at the sight of the way his baby blues danced behind his long eyelashes. Clark’s clothes were slightly torn, and his hair stuck to his sweaty forehead, but Jack couldn’t help but still stare.
“I feel like what you’re trying to tell me is I was an ass yesterday… and, that’s not even what I asked about.”
Before Frank could be told it gets better the waitress arrived back at their table with their appetizers. She situated the plates in the middle of the table. Once she was satisfied, she passed out small plates and napkins.
While Dean was busy scenting his room, Castiel had a look around. He noticed the bed was lumpy. Without word, he brushed passed Dean. Ready to tear someone a new asshole- he growled possessively as he yanked the bedcovers back.
“Did you just say eight?” Castiel swallowed hard.
“I would hope they’d respect him.” Dean stood up and stretched. He had gotten up an hour or so ago and already he was ready to go back to bed. “This wasn’t what I expected to come home to… I guess overall it wasn’t that bad.” He rubbed his temples.
John looked back at Claire and shrugged his shoulder. “Just because they walked in on me with my mouth full and taking a knot up my ass doesn’t make me the scandalous one,” he said nonchalantly without one ounce of shame. When he heard the choking noises he supplied, “what else can I say… I’m a tap this and leave it… no strings attached omega.”
“I want to be strong like you dad.” Keith said in a matter of fact way that only a four year old could. A way that said his dad was a super hero, and could never be anything less. “We snuck peeks out the window.”
Charlie dumped hot water over her brother’s head. She wanted to tell him how silly of an alpha he was like she always did, but now wasn’t the time. She knew saying such a thing like that right now would do nothing but add fuel to the spark still dancing within her brother.
“I’m pretending to be.” Frank slumped in his chair. The smell of the restaurant was making him nauseous. Just about every thing did- had been for a of couple weeks. “I don’t want to ruin everyones good time.”
Frank nodded and gave a small smile.
“This is why the world has fan fiction.” Nikki laughed. “For people like you who just can’t be satisfied with what the writer has given you.” She teased John.
“A good omega is a reflection of a strong alpha.” Dean smirked knowing he was stoking his ego.
“Did what?” Bobby acted innocent with his granddaughter.
“I can assure you that you aren’t intruding. Please come by anytime. Doors open.” Dean motioned toward the front door.
“What could possibly go wrong with a schedule like that?” Castiel questioned with a sarcastic laugh. “So, all that aside. What was that business Kenny was talking about? You shut him up real quick.”
Castiel sat best he could. He leaned against Dean, and pulled Keith in his lap. Not caring if it would distracted his pup from his studies. He ruffled his hair playfully.
“Thank you!” They all chimed.
“Here!” Margaret tossed her four pieces of fried pickles. “To hold you over.” She laughed.
Dean gave a thumbs up. “Sounds about right. Thank you.”
Dean snapped his head up. His alpha had demanded his attention. He gave a small nod, “remember I’m kinda a traditionalist on some things.” To make his point he motioned to the bed.
Dean held up two fingers. “From here on… yes.” He stepped back so he was closer to Castiel. “My x passed away four years ago.”
“I know you’re young. I’m going to be forward since this seems like your dream career. You can enter the field as an omega one of two ways. You have a hysterectomy or you take some strong suppressants and birth control. The later is going to tear your reproductive parts up so it’s best to just go ahead with the hysterectomy. If you’re wondering what that is ask your mom. If your wondering why. It’s because we can’t risk miscarriage after miscarriage. It damages your mental state. You can have a husband or a wife… even a adopt. But, having pups you’ve carried and being in the field is a no. So if you present omega think long and hard. Especially if as you say you don’t want to be benched.” He kept the smile on his face the entire time.
“I don’t know. It’s not my business to know.” Nathan was remaining somewhat calm as he listened to Twila’s heartbeat. Instinctively scenting her to keep himself calm. “I’m going to say some not nice things to make you think… so let me finish first. My dad could easily make your mom kick all eight of you out. You Mr. Head Alpha would have two choices. Let the system figure it out, or for you to really step it up. Get a mate, get a GED, get a job. Your mate would be forced into taking care of your siblings and you’d have the responsibly of creating your own pack. My dad could also force your mom to take care of us.” He stoped and wondered if any of this made any sense to the older boy. He continued anyways. “Our mom and dad are different. We’re all here under one roof. No ones forcing anyone to do anything. Your mom is doing it happily. My dad is doing it happily. So like I said. I’ve got one mom. I’ve got one dad.”
Castiel nodded. “I kept my nose clean. Did my job, and did my best to raise an honest family. Retired when I felt it time. There’s nothing special about my name.”
“You know we can make this a thing.”
Dean smirked and pulled Castiel toward the laundry room.
John scooped up Kristina. “We’ve got this mom!”
“Okay. But don’t tell anyone!” Margaret put her finger to her lips. “Mom doesn’t even know about it… at least I don’t think so.”
“They’re coming!” Marry said dramatically as she rushed to line up her siblings based on age. It was a sloppy line up because age didn’t necessarily mean shortest to tallest. She took her place next to John.
“We best get that tacky wolf out of the closet. Mom always invites Garth and his family as well.”
“She’s already beside herself with me I general. She told me I smell sweeter than a punch bowl, and she just knew that I was carrying more than one.” Dean laughed.
Dean had caught bits of Arthur’s and Nathan’s conversation. While he was sure there were questions they thankfully weren’t getting asked at the dinner table. “I served for 20 years. It’s what sparked Amelia’s interest.” He heard Castiel say to Garth. That conversation didn’t need monitoring so he ignored it. Mary and Claire were chittering about some boy they’d seen today. Harmless. A few minutes later John and Jack chimed in. Fits of giggles, but still harmless.
“Yes sir,” Arthur grinned. “He tells me you’re eight,” after a nod of the pups head he continued, “we have a weekend volunteer program. On a good day you’ll get to see the uniforms, the trucks, help with some easy stuff, play some basketball, and eat lunch with the crew.”
“Margaret and Suzy will be wanting their turn.” Nathan tugged at Kenny’s shirt. “Give me a moment, okay. Just one.” He left the room.
“Go big or go home.” There was a twinkle in Dean’s eye. “And, don’t say it’s madness. You said that about six, and so on and so on.”
With the exception of the crust of Suzy’s pie hitting the floor dessert was uneventful. The conversation was bland, mostly talk about the work the pups had been doing around town.
“I’m hoping to be an alpha so I can be a fire fighter!” Nathan grinned and puffed himself up best he could.
“Fifty one of us under one roof-” Nikki glanced at Alex.
“Speak for yourself,” Suzy said as she stuck her tongue out. “Taste like one of those Harry Potter Jelly Beans that’s complete rubbish.”
“I got to ride in the fire truck yesterday.” Nathan grinned.
“My pups are going to get lost during the holidays,” Sam teased.
I welcome opinions. I love to grow as a writer.
To avoid rope burn Castiel had fitted his hands with gloves. It made things a bit awkward as he straddled the deer. Careful of the the hooves and antlers of the still thrashing buck he yanked its head up.
“If having this many has taught me anything it’s that it’s like riding a bicycle… except it gets easier. And, you stop worrying so much about the small crap.” Dean grinned. After scrubbing his hands down he grabbed the glass wear. “You could look at me and I’d catch.” He wasn’t sure whether to feel proud of that fact or not. “It’s what got me in trouble in the first place. I was drunk off my ass and a day before heat. Like I said he smelled good.”
Dean pulled the towel a bit tighter. “I’m a bit conscious. Things are not exactly as tight as they use to be,” he frowned. “I work out when I can,” he added nervously. He wanted to march himself back to the bathroom and hide, but where was that going to get him? He couldn’t hide in his clothes for the rest of his life around his potential mate.
Mary punched her twin in the shoulder. “That’s gross!”
They said their thanks before digging in.
“Afternoon darling. I’m looking for a Winchester,” he paused, “Dean Winchester.”
Dean laughed. “Just wait until someone’s wearing the cake.”
Dean fidgeted a bit with the pillows and stuffies on the bed before curling up. He took in the rest of the room and noted that with the exception of maybe a couple inches off Castiel had put everything back the way it was. The chase they had recently purchased was draped in blankets and placed up against the window.
Castiel gave the waitress an apologetic look.
Kenny held the bowl of eggs tightly. “You’re a lot like mom when it comes to managing things. You’d make a good head of house if ever you decided to settle down.” Unsure how the compliment would be received he gave a nervous smile.
Dean purred as he rested his hands on top of Castiel’s. “You probably should hurry and fix yourself a plate before Frank helps himself to a fourth plate and you’re left with scraps.” He laughed.
Castiel nodded his head. Apologies weren’t enough. Gifts weren’t enough. He didn’t know what would be enough. His heart was broken. Seeing Dean this angry with him hurt. This was their first big spat. “I’m sorry.” He said again before turning to leave. He knew he wasn’t welcome.
Dawn gave her twin a look. “As super stylish as that is… we’ve got fabric at the house. Twila and I can make you a cape.”
“So… John.” Castiel frowned.
Nathan glanced from his mom who had been half listening back to Arthur. “Yes sir,” he nodded his head. He was certain that at this point in time he didn’t want pups of his own… however, he hadn’t presented or found a partner. If he presented omega his choice affected his partner just as much as himself. “When can I start.”
“Like you I home school my pups. Afterward, we mow grass, fix cars, sow, wash clothes, clean houses, cook meals, and bake goodies for the neighbors and town. Not all at once of course. Twice a year we go camping and as a pack hunt a deer.” Dean preened. “He left us with a considerable amount and we want for nothing but I won’t have my pups thinking life’s free or easy.”
Dean glanced over his shoulder and chuckled. With the tune still clear in his head he playfully swayed his hips as he placed muffins on the cooling rack. “I don’t do anything special,” he said as he grabbed a sack of apples and proceeded to wash them.
“Motor home,” Castiel countered.
Castiel reached out to help, but Dean playfully batted at it and smiled. The omegas took queue and proceeded to clean up the table. It was a mater of seconds before they had it cleared.
“My apologies if I offended any of you gentlemen, especially you Castiel. I wasn’t asking for my own gain.” Crowley carefully snuck glances around the room. He was careful to keep his eyes on the Alpha’s in front of him.
“Sorry to inconvenience you,” Castiel teased and rested his hands on Dean’s hips.
“Kinda like what they told me would happen if I present omega?” Nathan hummed. “I hadn’t thought of it like that until just now.”
Dean rested his head in his hands and mumbled, “might eat tonight. And, you wonder why I never suggest us going out.” He gave a small laugh. He really didn’t mind. He was glad they were having a good time.
“Dad talked very little about the chase. Maybe if I’d been more educated on the matter I wouldn’t of had total lack of control and given into my impulses.” Betty subconsciously nuzzled Frank possessively. “It’s exhilarating when you claim. I can see why this tradition still exists.”
Kenny looked away. Only showing the slightest bit of submission. “Prove it then,” he said through gritted teeth.
Mary balled her fists. “Compared to you I am!”
“I won’t.” Castiel gently ran the back of his hand over Dean’s cheek. “I remember how mad you got at the thought of someone in your room after the pups had a party. I just like I said wanted it done quickly.”
“Now I’ve got to live with not only the smells but the noises,” Kenny grumbled as he slumped down into the bath water. “My ego is bruised and I’m scarred for life.” He pulled his knees to his chest and hugged himself tight.
“This is where John says chocolate is to go on people.” As if it would make the task less daunting Kenny closed his eyes. He too popped it into his mouth like it were a grape.
John lined pans with bacon and shoved them into the oven. “Makes you feel any better I called, left a message. I even sent an eggplant emoji with a question mark.”
“Tomorrow let me buy you dinner as a thank you.” Castiel smiled nervously. This was not at all how he imagined this going. Then again what he had envisioned was a different kinda hell. Something like, ‘Hi, I’ve got nine pups’ and it all falling apart from there because even if you were speaking to the one you thought was the one by smell alone it still couldn’t possibly go well. That scenario could play out tomorrow if he accepted his invitation to dinner.
“I won’t,” Dean winked. With a bit of extra effort he got himself up when he heard the kettle. “Not even two months and I barely want to do anything but sleep. I’m in trouble.”
“Or the last,” Kenny grumbled.
John pulled the bacon from the oven. “Help me get this to the table.” He handed him the bowl of scrambled eggs. “I hear them coming down the stairs.”
“It will all work out.” Frank grabbed the kettle from Dean. “Go call um’ in so they get it while it’s hot.”
Nathan crossed his arms over his chest. “Great.”
Dean leaned out of the bathroom, toothbrush dangling from his mouth. He gave a thumbs up.
“At least you aren’t contemplating ketchup with your hot chocolate.”
“You’ll learn that if you leave things with the word chocolate or that involve sugar at a certain height and lower it attracts more attention and trouble than it’s worth.” Dean yawned as he slouched in his chair.
“Is seventeen.” They said together exasperatedly. Both as if exhausted by the sheer volume of the news slumped into the seat. Before they could recover Eileen showed up for their order. She smiled brightly despite them looking like they had just attended their own funerals.
“I’d wager almost everything within reason smelled good. At least you weren’t at the party making a show of yourself shoving cucumbers or bananas up your ass.”
Dean had moved himself to one of the empty rooms upstairs. He’d been there for a few days, no more than an emotional moody lump content to hiss and snarl at Castiel in protest to having his room torn apart. The omegas wordlessly snuggled up against their mom.
“So he’s selling it.” Dean frowned for a moment. “Kinda sad that his misfortune is our gain.” He ran his fingers across some of the polished wood. “It is beautiful. It’s a bed intended for mating.”
Kenny instinctively relaxed as he watched Castiel leave. He settled back down in the doorway.
“I will. She’s just here because this is gonna make us upset.” Nathan looked to the floor. “Omegas are good for cuddling.” He smiled softly. “Always makes me feel better when I’m upset.”
They hugged back tightly.
“Like your instincts would instruct you different,” Castiel snorted. “Yes I will breed him full of my pups. I will mate him. But, I’m also here to protect your mom, your siblings… even your punk ass.” How he was putting sentences together was beyond him. He stood up and jerked the younger alpha up.
Sophia glanced over at Betty. “I didn’t get enough time with you today. Stop by the shop for tea and a chat.” Her tone indicated that it wasn’t optional.
“I know your moms thinking it just as much as me…” Castiel did his best to keep a straight a face. “Who’s in trouble? Better to tell us now because you know we’ll find out anyways.”
Betty ran her fingers through his hair before scooting as close as possible to him. She nuzzled him.
“Just because he isn’t allowed back at home doesn’t mean I don’t care.” She looked from Frank to Dean. “Are you eating enough Frank? For that matter Dean are you eating enough.” She sniffed the air they shared. Before either one could say a word. “Don’t think I don’t know.” She pursed her lips at Dean. “Hopefully it’s just you two.”
“It’s my way of presenting you with a ‘home’.” Castiel sighed. “If we moved in somewhere new it would have gone through a similar process.”
“This is from me,” Castiel said once they were outside. He pulled a small wrinkled package from his pocket of his trench coat. “I’m not the best at wrapping, or at this sort of thing in general-”
Frank squirmed a bit as he cleared his throat.
“I’m exhausted,” Dean whined.
Dean snuggled into Castiel’s embrace. “I wish I could tell her she’s wrong.” He laughed privately between them. “We’re downstairs if you need anything.” He left the room, pulling Castiel along with him.
“I’m sure you’re gonna have to do that to the rest of the house.”
“That’s pushing it,” Dean laughed.
“The only thing I hate about this tradition is personally smelling like a damn forest,” Mary grumbled as she pulled out some clothes that had been laying out at the campsite for the past week.
“That doesn’t mean anything.” Nikki nudged her twin.
“Don’t do that. Then I’ll do it. Then Frank will do it.” Dean cringed. “But that feeling… that’s nerves.” He pulled his pup to him.
“You’re glowing,” she signed.
“We didn’t have a lot of space in the motor home so it limited gift giving. That’s when we came up with the best day idea.” Dawn smiled big.
Twila’s eyes were as wide as saucers. Now she understood. In a way this question was directed at her too. Kenny seemed intent to answer, so she left it that way. She grabbed the boys and dragged them down to the floor, in the center of the room. She was already finding it in her to purr.
“Of course. I’ve gone natural for all my pups.” Dean smiled.
“Okay mommy.” Kristina nodded her head.
“Why do they say pups come from storks then?” Keith asked curiously.
“I’m backing you up.” Arthur glanced from Dean to Garth to the Alpha at the door.
“If John was here he’d tell you, you already got it.” Kenny laughed and grabbed one for himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
lined with pillows and stuffed toys. You couldn’t go from room to room without seeing a pile of them together. At least one alpha and a couple omegas. It wasn’t just for the affection and praise it was also for the warmth.
“If we smell like anything else it will spook the forest critters. Especially the deer.” Charlie supplied.
* I’m not entirely happy with this chapter. But the two people that did read it gave it a thumbs up. The chase wasn’t translating from head to paper like I wanted. I sat on it long enough, so here it is.
“Key word. Almost.”
“Castiel.” With that Castiel did actually smile. He was happy that he wasn’t going to be scolded for yesterday’s mistake. It was one thing to be told off by a stranger, a friend, a colleague… but by a potential mate- that was something else entirely. He didn’t think he could take it.  Especially, since he was more than certain this was the one. This was nerve racking- worse than a regular date. “And, you’re Dean,” he finally added.
Dean perked up a bit at the mention of matching furniture. He tilted his head and gave Castiel a look. He didn’t want to outright say yes since Castiel was in charge of redesigning the master bedroom.
Dean looked Castiel in the eyes, and smiled. “Until you… but, I don’t have to be drunk to loose control.”
“I’ve never had one quite like that before.” Dean sat on the bed. “I don’t know what was worse. Frank’s mom or Crowley showing up.”
Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean and nuzzled him. “I could easily skip the hot chocolate and let you warm me up.” He whispered between them as the pups rushed passed them.
“The usual.”
Dean was floored. He knew Frank’s mom was a bit out there on more than a few traditions but this was ridiculous. This pup was barely pushing seventeen. “So your mom didn’t offer you any morning after herbs?” He had to confirm because it was just that absurd.
“Dork,” Sam roll his eyes. “Eileen had mixed things to say about your date.”
Castiel smirked when Dean passed by. He waited just long enough to give comfort before he gave chase after Dean again. He had them redirected toward the river now. With that in mind he ran as fast as he could after him.
Castiel watched as he brought it to his face and nuzzled it. This was nerve wracking. It didn’t mater how right of a connection they had, there was a very real fear of rejection. Then he heard it, his purr, and everything was right and perfect. He pulled him close and subtly nuzzled the juncture between his neck and shoulder. He inhaled deeply and was filled with vanilla and clove so much so he would swear he would get drunk on it quickly.
As one of the pups ran by, Sam pressed himself against the wall and lifted his drink above his head.
Castiel rumbled in response to Dean’s purr. “If I’m the devil what does that make you?”
“He was a damn good one!” Charlie piped up. “But I wanna be like mom and be good with cars.”
Amelia nodded her head in agreement. “Yeah. I just wouldn’t go out of my way.”
With the exception of Keith and Kristina who stood on their chairs, everyone stood up. They clapped, and sang with the staff as they sang their rendition of Happy Birthday! With the fits of laughter it was horribly out of tune. However, it was loved.
“Sorry pups. Condoms are the one thing daddy doesn’t need help with.” Dean fanned himself. It was getting impossibly hot in here all of sudden. He looked toward Castiel who was laughing with the rest of their pups.
“I guess.” Sam glanced down at his shoes. After several moments of semi comfortable silence he asked, “are you leaving town?”
Kenny growled. He aggressively rubbed his left side against his moms door. Scenting it best he could to say ‘back off’ and ‘mine’. He was equal parts frustrated and angry at Castiel. This was his home. His mom. His omegas and fledgling alphas. His pack. With his dad having passed and him being the first alpha to present in the family- these were things he was to protect. It didn’t matter to him that he was twelve! There was no getting around it, Castiel being in the house had him seeing fucking red all around.
“We don’t care if we have it or not. Just let us help.” Amelia smiled.
Jack doubled over laughing. “No fair!” He tickled his sister back. Neither of them letting up until they couldn’t breathe and their sides ached from laughter.
“I’m sure between your dad and I we’ve got the funds. But I’ll tell you like I told him. No loafers.” Dean pulled him into a hug. “What grade you wanna teach?”
They went slack together after chasing their release. Breathing heavily and refusing to move except to find some support against the nearest wall as they slumped to the floor in a heap.
“If you get to be Woman Wonder then I get to be Supper Man!” Keith chirped.
“It didn’t happen again.” Castiel nudged him gently and smiled.
“Heavens no. Not unless you force me to start talking.” Dean gave a small smile.
Nathan rolled his eyes. “You going to carry me there.”
“Since it doesn’t sound like you want to cash one in you better stay focused on the time…” Castiel scooped Dean up and clumsily moved them from the food prep area. He sat him on the counter and rubbed his face against Dean’s thigh and breathed deep. “Last chance,” he whispered as he undid his pants with his teeth.
“Anyways. Dean I’m not getting any younger. I should of retired a decade ago… Karen isn’t letting me forget that fact a day that goes by here lately… anyways, I’d like for Charlie to come stay with us so I can teach her a thing or two about the business because she pretty much already has the car stuff down.” Bobby glanced at Charlie. “When she’s eighteen the shops hers.”
After a few moments of scenting one another’s after glow Dean tugged on Castiel’s shirt. “Come on I’ll show you to your bedroom and then to mine. That way you can see what you’re working with.” He slowly scooted off of his lap and stood up. Afterward, he held out a hand to help his alpha up.
“The chief of police is who gave you that figure you referenced earlier?”
Dean was back to absentmindedly helping Kristina and Keith through their dinner while monitoring the conversations. It was nerve wracking. Normally he didn’t care if someone made a snotty or inappropriate comment, but they had guests. Thankfully everyone was behaving themselves.
Castiel nodded his head toward Kenny as he wrapped his arms around Dean. He nuzzled Dean’s neck and breathed deeply. “I’ve missed this,” he whispered it low enough so that it stayed private. It was one thing to smell Dean around the house, it was another to be wrapped up in him. He ran his fingers through Dean’s hair.
“Yep and everyone knows a male omega can only get pregnant when in heat.”
Castiel cleared his throat. “My x mate had three less than you and I can promise you she wasn’t loose.” He winced. Even if Dean had used his own mate this sounded awful to compare, and he knew it. Time for a different approach even if it sounded worse, and made him wince. “Did he make you feel full? Obviously he did. He bred you good… proofs upstairs.” He was going to be sick. This was his job now- to make him full, to bred him good.
“Be naïve and don’t look at the internet,” Amelia laughed.
“If you stop being mad at me I’m almost positive we can have the room smelling like us in less than 24 hours.” Castiel laughed as he took off Dean’s blindfold.
Dean watched as the four omega pups crowded together. His nose crinkled. “Yeah. I want to come out and say though… there is absolutely no reason to be ashamed.” He cooed. “Amazon Prime is an absolute Heaven send,” he winked. “Once everyone is settled in we’ll sort this out.” He looked from the pups to their dad. Putting his hands on his hips, tapping his foot fast - body language was doing the talking for him. There was the underlying look of ‘I told you so’ to Castiel.
“Your four terrors… never!” Dean teased.
Dean slid on the river rocks but caught himself. He darted forward to the point he was ankle deep in the water. It was too deep to run across. He couldn’t go back. He knew turning either direction would slow him down. He mentally cursed himself for being tricked. This was something he’d normally do.
Dean scooted a bit more toward Castiel. “You are more than welcome to come and visit. I give tours on occasion.” He laughed. “It’s just a bit fuller now than when you saw it in the magazines. Seventeen pups under one roof.”
“I don’t care how I present. I just want to be able to take care of sick people.” Margaret announced.
“I don’t need an alpha dad. I’ve had and buried one… and, Castiel is doing a fine job going forward.” John’s posture didn’t change. “We’ve always known he’s out there and never wanted to go looking.”
“Thank you for not bringing up alternatives.” Frank gave a small smile.
* The ending scene I was going for a scenting make out scene. Hope it worked. I figured it would be a step before officially making out.
* I apologize for the confusion about some names in past chapters. My other half and I talk a lot about this fic and it’s characters. So much so that when we go to edit we just naturally read it as the characters it’s suppose to be. If you’d be interested in giving it a read over before it gets posted let me know. I’m not opposed to another set of eyes giving it a once over.
“Sunrise to Sunset Fashions.” Twila grinned.
“That’s what I was going to say!” Suzy said with some to almost no protest. “Let’s work together!” She said as she smiled toward Margaret.
Frank grabbed the step ladder. Even with the extra height he was still on the short side. “It’s winter! Why in the snowball is the hot chocolate on the top shelf.” He huffed as his fingers grazed the box.
“I’m leaving you two to…” Dean smirked. “I won’t ask and you won’t tell.”
Castiel moaned into Dean’s ear. He had to concentrate exceptionally hard to finish this current train of thought before it got derailed. “She stopped getting her panties in a twist over me shortly after Nathan was born. Outside of her heat and my rut we didn’t share a bed… so I wouldn’t feel the loneliness and separation I buried myself in my work and our pups. I’d of lived like that if she hadn’t of spread her legs for another alpha.”
“Of course.” Bobby grinned as he took a sip of his beer.
Kenny looked at his sisters. “I guess. But we don’t even know how it got on our phones. It was just there one day.”
Castiel closed the door behind them.
John gave Mary’s hand a reassuring squeeze. This many have been her idea but she was clearly the nervous one. “Breathe,” he whispered.
“Yes,” Claire nodded. “Come on. Both of you.” She scooted everyone just an inch in each direction.
Castiel nodded. “Of course.”
Dean was standing a bit precariously with his daughter on his hip. He was scanning the spices in search of cinnamon, nutmeg, and ginger. He was subconsciously keeping her occupied by nuzzling and bouncing her, and whispering that he wouldn’t be much longer.
“Evening Chief Ketch. It’s a pleasure to have you for dinner.” Dean tilted his head forward just a nod to the alpha as he pulled out a seat for him.
“So John would really tell us what to do?”
Sam unpressed himself from the wall. He brought his drink back down to a reasonable level. “I used to think this house was almost too big for you,” he paused a moment to take a sip of his beer, “now it seems a little too small.”
“I’m not crazy enough to eat one!” Jack scrunched up his nose. “Not now, not ever.”
“John if you were pregnant I’d find a way to take the temperature of hell and maybe play a lotto ticket,” Dean laughed briefly. Thinking of the current situation maybe he should do those things. He thought Crowley showing up was a snowballs chance in hell. “You know the alpha that raised you isn’t your dad…”
twins Mary (o) (baker) and John (o) (baker) 18y, Charlie (o) (mechanic) 14y, Kenny (a) (computer programmer) 12y, twins Alex (a) (novelist) and Nikki (a) (lawyer) 10y, Margaret (health care) 8y, and Kristina 4y
“Mommy’s always right,” Kristina chirped. “You want to help?” She handed Keith a spice bottle. “Mommy says this makes us big pups.”
“Oh?”
“Estate sales… antiquing in general. I saw how excited you were.”
“Nathan you can’t smell it yet but there’s a particular smell that drives me insane,” Kenny groaned.
“I didn’t know.” Castiel’s voice cracked. Before Dean could say anything he whispered, “it’s my fault for not asking.” He nuzzled him to look at him and to take comfort in him in some way.
“No further discussions about what got us here. We don’t have time for a round two or three.” Dean said as he cuddled into him. “Besides my knees and elbows are already threatening to murder me.”
“Absolutely! Gonna be the best ever.” Dean said as he reached out and grabbed the spices he needed. He looked toward the front of the grocery store, head tilted just enough to get a better whiff. He didn’t recognize the smell of fresh cut grass and hot earth when rain first hits it. It was a small town where everyone knew everyone, and a tourist was a rare thing.
“We’ll eventually have our first pup in here,” Dean grinned. “I’m sure we can manage a few other firsts as well if we think outside the box.
Dean’s heart hammered in his chest. His brain wasn’t processing that his alpha bested his pup, what it processed was that he bested a challenging alpha. Despite the stink of anger and mud, he could smell possession and arousal. He was stopped mid tilt of his head when Castiel grabbed his wrist and started to mouth at it. He was safe. He was protected. He was Castiel’s. “My alpha,” he purred.
Dean huffed before glancing confidently at his older pups, “I know you’ve been doing this for years, but I can’t help but worry!”
“Okay so Iron Man then?” Suzy laughed.
Dean’s whine cut him off, “But, I did. I eat EVERYTHING when I’m with pup.” He rolled his eyes, and rubbed his empty tummy. “I’m a monster you’d find on one of those horror shows. It’s awful.”
“I’m going to do what dad did and be a computer ha-” Kenny started to say after the laughter had died down, but was cut off by his dad’s hand covering his mouth.
“That makes two of us. I can’t keep my hands off of you,” Castiel’s voice was rough. He gripped his hips and stilled them both. Nostrils flared, breathing in heavy amounts of slick and arousal. “You weren’t kidding about coffee-”
Castiel seeing nothing wrong with it shrugged his shoulders. “Space was limited. They wanted to make the most of it.”
“Bonded or not you’re asking for trouble putting two alphas together that aren’t family.” John said matter of factly.
“Says you. I’ve spent two years working with a step up from a kitchenette.” Castiel helped Dean grab what they would need from the walk in refrigerator. “We did a lot of quick eats and connivence meals.”
Twila ruffled the boys hair. “If this is where we are crashing tonight we’re gonna need some blankets and pillows. I suggest a fort!”
“I have a lot more than cuffs saved for you,” Castiel whispered between the kisses. He took their laced hands and brought them to his crotch. “Later… that’s all yours…” he rumbled.
“Are you okay?” Betty squeezed Frank’s hand.
Mary, John, and Charlie shot Kenny a look. Castiel’s look to Dean going unnoticed in the commotion.
Dean shook his head. “I’m from Lawrence, Kansas.” He took hold of his glass of Coke and squeezed it so tight his knuckles turned white. Having to tell this story meant that he had to say aloud that his mate was dead. It had been a few years, but it still tore him up. He mentally told himself not to cry. “Parents died early. Brother and I got caught up in the system. It didn’t work out so well. So, we stepped it up and did what we could to prove we were adult enough to emancipate ourselves. I did most of the work. It was my senior year in high school and I got invited to a college party. I had way to much to drink and there was an alpha there that was smelling so good.” If it was possible he was squeezing that cup even tighter. “I was full on denial. And when I wasn’t… the other guy was dipping his cock into every omega he could and wanted nothing more to do with me.” He let the glass go only to squeeze it again. “My best friend could smell it on me. Rather than everything I’d worked for being smeared and be for not… we mated. I loved him, but learned to love him. We both always wanted a large family so we looked for a small town with a large house for cheap that we could fix up. My brother moved with us. The waitress, Eileen, that’s his mate.” He finally let go of the glass completely and rubbed the back of his hand over face to clear off the tears he knew had formed. “My mate got ill and passed away the same year Kristina was born.”
The offer made Cas smiled, “Yeah, I might later.”
“Sure. I like it too. Good night, Cas.”
,” Sam chipped in.
Benny let out another ring of laughter, “Brother, you can say that it was nobody on the other line for you, but your face and reaction was honest. In fact, that was the happiest I saw you since you moved in to your grandparents’ house last year.”
What was it in one Dean Winchester that can make Castiel completely smitten of him? That could make Castiel forgotten that Dean was supposed to be his patient?
Dean placed his hands on Cas’ shoulders and turned him around to the direction of the stairs. “Well, I do still have that
“Great, thanks very much, Ma’am!”
“So, is that the person you were supposed to take home tonight?” Bela purred.
“Stay behind us. We’re gonna keep you safe.”
Both Claire and Jack were of the same age, this year they’d turn twenty with Claire being six months older. At first glance, they did look like sharing similar traits. Both had bright blue eyes, slender figure, and blonde hair - although Claire had brighter blond than Jack’s.
The man who was asked a question let out another sigh, and looked up hopelessly to the sky, “Kale, cabbage, celery, you name it, all those green things, he loves them all,” Dean walked into the restaurant, and looked around for tables, “you wanna sit near the window, Cas? Or balcony?”
“Oh, come on … you’re that close to
“No, Cas, I don’t need to know the name
“Thank you. I’ll see you next week,” Castiel slapped himself on the head in his mind, since he remembered that he just said that few moments ago.
“Do you need any help?”
Cas moved forward to read the name of the building, “Oh, yeah. Right. So, uh, you can park on the side of the road or inside the parking lot, if you want.”
Cas turned his attention to the bed and shot a returning question, “Which side you don’t sleep on?”
With that, Cas watched as Dean walked to the lift, and turned around facing him, while waiting for the lift to arrive. He made a mental note to thank Lucifer for having a place just across the lift. After Dean was gone inside the lift, Castiel closed the door and he knew he will have that wide grin on his face until the end of the week. Or until the next meeting with Dean.
“They got the good ones!” he announced, “It’s lime and black pepper, you should try it!”
Right when Cas said that, Dean felt the angel wrapped his waist with his legs, pushing Dean closer and deeper to him. He took it as his cue to move faster on Cas, and at the same time, Dean moved his hand between his stomach and Cas' and gripped on Cas' penis.
“I don’t know, Cas, I just arrived,” Dean chuckled and he felt a huge urge to give Cas another hug. “Look, let’s try and search for him together, what do you say?” he grinned when he saw Cas smile turned wider at his invitation. “Okay, let’s start from upstairs, he loves to sleep in your bedding area, right?”
“Dean-”
A soft chuckle slipped Castiel’s lips, “Well, you saw me when I was on the phone with him.”
“What?”
, of all faces and cases that they encounter for the past fifteen years. But somehow, the big brother did, the face popped up in his brain for a moment. A quick flash that he couldn’t even recall what happened before
“Why are you
After all the dishes were done, Dean and Jack went to join Sam and Eileen in the library. It turned out, both people were already nosed deep in the books. Dean saw Eileen look up first and noticed them, before tapping Sam’s shoulder to get his attention.
The voice caught Castiel’s attention from the objection he was about to throw to Charlie. Instead, he was all lighted up and smiled widely, “Abbie, hey! What are you doing here?” he got up from his seat and gave a quick hug to his twin sister.
They’re here. Heading home now. U?
“Good night, Dean.”
That sounds nice, Dean. Sure.
Cas’.
Sam tapped Cas’ other shoulder, “Sure, Cas. Thank you for letting me look after her tonight.”
"Thank you, Dean," Cas smiled, and wished for Dean to kissed him again. He would love to have Dean's soft lips on him one more time. But he knew they wouldn't do it in front of the others.
be an issue for them, and they should support them no matter what. That was one of many moments where Castiel felt a deep respect for his mother.
“Man, you’re a health freak. You’ll get along well with Sammy.”
green eyes that look playful
“Oh, that’s good,” Castiel smiled. “Okay, thank you so much for trusting us, Mr. Winchester. We’ll see you again next week?” he stood up and stretched his hand to Dean’s direction.
“Yeah, thanks, Doc. By the way, Balthazar told me that you had a brother called Sammy.”
Maybe it will be even better for the next dinner.
He might as well started the Mustang’s engine to drive him home now.
“What did I do?”
I promise i will update them more often :)
“What? No, no, Cas. Sorry about that. Sorry for scaring you, I’m alright. Look, I’m on my way home and I’m gonna stop at the supermarket to get some stuffs for our cooking show tomorrow. So, what’s on your mind? Have you looked for recipes?”
So, he'll pick Cas up at his place - oops, Cas and Juliet - and later they will drop by at the supermarket to find out what they will cook. True, that he still have the
All this time, Cas was that one person who made him keep on going, keep on doing what he did best. He knew he could work on all the cases, fighting all the apocalypse, defying God and Heaven, everything that happened in his life, all of them were just better, just right with Cas by his side.
“Deal. Hey, Cas, I’m arrived at the restaurant now, how far along are you?”
“Yeah,” Dean answered with a huff. “We’re planning to have dinner again tonight, before he pick up his brother and niece. But he cancelled it last minute, said that there’s a dinner meeting or whatever with his boss. That kind of dinner won’t be a quick eat and go, will it?” Dean continued with unnecessary details that they had done in preparation for their dinner.
“That makes your night didn’t sound
That had took Castiel aback, not only he was
"That's actually why we summoned you. Well, summoned Death in this matter," Dean's voice softened when he heard Crowley's question. Then he paused dramatically and sat next to Jack before he continued, "Cas was taken to The Empty a few days ago, and I want to rescue him."
Last time Castiel did a videophone conversation was when he was still with Balthazar, and it was obscene. This time with Dean, it was all fun. They talked and laughed, and Dean teased him every now and then of Cas’ klutziness and awkwardness.
Castiel’s laughter exploded again at the question, and it quickly replaced the light jealousy in Dean’s chest with covering warmth. “Yeah, yeah, that’s the one. His name is Fergus Crowley, but God knows why he would prefer to be known as Crowley. I’d forgotten the whole story, but it involved three pigs.”
The sudden change of topic made Cas thankful, and had a quick wonder if Dean actually had the attention span of a child. It was the moment when he looked down to his lunch, he wasn’t sure if he would still be thankful.
, you dimwit! Why would you think I'd be the one who would continue Dad's business?" Castiel had now sat up straight on the sofa, as he felt the topic started to get serious.
“Hey, Cas,” came the deep voice that already had a hint of sleepiness, “sorry I just got around to call you. Charlie made us do a Totoro marathon.“
Thank you guys for the hits and kudos! Sorry it took me a while to continue the story!
Dean and his peculiar way to give ease and covered Castiel in familiar comfort without even trying.
Castiel put the kitten down next to a plastic place with rice and scrambled egg on it that someone had put there, “See you tomorrow, cat.”
“You looked like Chewbacca with your hair like that,” Dean pointed at Sam’s wet hair that was slicked back neatly.
there was any left whenever he was with Cas.
The taller man chuckled as response, stood up straight and tapped Cas’ shoulder, “Okay, you sap, let’s get back there before they have funny thoughts about us.”
“Come on, Sammy. I’m just bored with relationships and sex. It’s like repeating the same pattern every time.”
Castiel reached down and started to stroke his cock. He imagined if it was Dean who was pounding him. He wouldn’t have it this way; he would want to face Dean. Castiel would want to see the look on Dean’s face as they do it, to hear the sounds he would make, to touch his face. How Dean would manhandle Castiel down as he fucks him harder. Castiel imagined Dean marked his neck and chest while he fucked him. Then Dean would pull out right before he came, and stripped the condom off before giving his penis several strokes while he aimed Castiel’s chest and mouth, and-
"Yeah, certainly, don't worry about it. A real pleasure to meet you, Castiel, even for a short time," Dean smiled as if meeting Benny's one-night stand partners is one of his Saturday morning habits. Well,
“I know he was your ex, but he was one of my good friends here, so … will it be alright for you?”
“Seriously?”
The man in the black suit sighed and decided that it would be better if he took over, "Dean
Benny’s eyes widened at the name, “
person,
“Yes, please,” Cas smiled.
” a slap on Dean’s head, and Sam’s, cut his greetings short. “We bring doughnuts!”
Dean and Sam comparing the futures that they saw from Chuck's pocket watch, that neither of those had Cas nor Eileen in them
“How so?”
Rowena then continued with her part of the story. How she made the resurrecting sachet for Dean, and the spell on how to turn an angel grace into a human soul, by Dean's request. That was made behind the others' back.
The call of his name startled Dean, and he blinked before answering, “Oh, yeah?”
“Why?”
Even with the train of thought, Castiel kept on putting on a thin layer of wax on his hair and started to style it. After few squirts of his favourite perfume, that somehow made him smelt like a combine of cinnamon and watermelon, Castiel took his leather jacket from the hanging wardrobe and called his niece.
“Here,” Castiel lifted up his boots, that he just snatched from the shoe locker under the coffee table. He put them on in no time, since it was the slip-on type, anyway. “Okay, I’m ready. Misha, you’re staying at home, okay?” the human walked to the bowl next to the door to get his car keys, then he pocketed his phone and wallet into his denim.
“It was,” Dean copied the smile, “both Sammy and I were collecting all savings we had to move here, prepared for the worst that we have to pay for our living at least for the first six months without jobs, and we have a house to maintain! But, you know what was amazing?”
try to rescue Cas, and not giving up before I did it."
“So these all are edible?” Charlie asked and pointed to around the room.
Dean dropped to his knees and placed his arms and head down on the chair before he started to break down, and sobbing. Just like a few nights ago after Cas was taken.
“Hey, you know that thing I asked if you wanna come with me before?” Dean chuckled soon after Cas raised his eyebrows in puzzlement. “Okay, you might have forgotten about it. Well, it was this event on this weekend, I think it’s on Saturday, I’ve got a ticket to an opening of an exhibition.”
“Aaaw, don’t be like that, sunshine. I asked Crowley not to tell, I want to surprise you.”
As he grew up, Castiel saw how his father would disappear from the house often in a long time. His mother would say that he went for inspiration, but ever since he was young, Castiel knew that the answer was just a sugarcoat. He hated that answer. He hated how his father would neglect his family for “inspiration”, without news or even asked how they were doing.
Sunday to have more fun.”
Rowena's response brought a chuckle to Dean. He put the coffee cup in his hand on the table and began, "Exactly. We didn't know who Death is now after Billie was taken by The Empty. Then Eileen came up with a great question that eventually led to another great question by Jack."
“You two are so beautiful together.”
orgasms. What?
Cas smiled to the red-haired girl and received the remote that she offered, “That would be nice. Thank you, Charlie. Sam, would it be alright if Juliet stayed in your room tonight?”
"Surprise," the British man said in a sing-song with a smile before he tapped the end of the device in his hand and made it disappear. Another theatrical performance from Crowley that he was clearly proud of. "Mother, how are you? I'm surprised to see you
The soft mew came with a slight dip on the foot of the bed, then small pressures followed to Castiel’s thigh and stomach, before stopping on his chest and soft vibrating purred accompanied.
Nick got out of the car and leant on the window, “Cool.”
“What?”
For the next few minutes, Castiel had to strain himself from screaming, because not only did Mick have a
“I am, Dean. I even used the bluetooth thingy here.”
Unintentionally Cas exploded with laughter, “Did he really, Dean?”
"Always, Cas," Dean purred and gave the former angel a kiss once more. Only this time it was more than a kiss, Dean slithered his kisses from Castiel's lips to his jaw, then to his cheekbone and earlobe.
What was different was the death-scythe in his hand.
Claire laughed when she heard Patience asked the question, then she took another shot of the vodka before answering. “Honestly, I don’t know which one I didn’t expect more. So, the dude who told me about this place is more like a geeky guy. He loves
It was the room that made his heart beat faster and more violently whenever he came close, and he could feel his head start to bang and hurt whenever he thought about that room.
The car went to a halt smoothly on a parking spot just near the entrance, and Cas turned around once more to the big black dog, that whines softly on the backseat. “We’re only going for a bit, Juliet. You stay here and be a good girl, okay?” he gave the pup a quick pat on the head, then opened the windows a little bit.
, Cas?” his question made the man before him looked up from his salad, “You’ve been telling me stories about your brothers and sister, and they are all interesting. But you missed
Dean always loved this particular bathroom, that seemed to be in its original intact style ever since the days his grandparents used it. The design gave a robust vintage feel with the wooden vanity dresser right on his left as he stepped in. It had one with all the mirror, drawers, and cabinets to store his toiletries and towels. Then, of course, the shower cubicle with the best water pressure in the house. Dean could spend a good time standing under the shower after a long day of work.
“Hello, Dean.”
“Oh, it was
Dean’s soft voice when he talked with Castiel, and the cheeky glint in his eyes after he said something bold to Castiel, and the look on his face after mentioning Balthazar’s name, and saw Castiel’s reaction. Actually, Castiel enjoyed looking at Dean’s various expressions from their brief meeting last week, and he hoped that he could see more of those today.
“Yes, love?”
“Yeah, just regular visit to the parents, that’s all,” Crowley rolled his eyes. Castiel was more than understood what that meant, friendship that went for years had them shared each other’s family stories. Crowley’s was the interesting one, for Castiel, but it wasn’t a good story for the Brit. “Apparently Mother wanted her Fergus to visit.”
Then it was night time already.
"Perfect," Castiel muttered under his breath while continuing to read the menu for humans and stood in the queue. Or barely a queue, since it was only one person before him and no one behind him. He had his attention at the smoked salmon and cheese cream bagel. Although he knew that wasn't the most innovative dish he found at the menu, it looked delicious to him at the moment. Also, he always wondered what hot chocolate with dried
Dean stood up and faced The Empty. "Castiel's no longer an angel, he's a human. Since you said your place is strictly angels and demons, he doesn't belong here. I'm taking Castiel home with me."
"Shut up," after he made a playful snap to Crowley, Dean turned to The Empty again. "Where did Billie go?"
“Answer me.”
“What, he ate
“You’re trying to make me a sap here, Samuel,” (“It’s Sam.”), “let’s say that Cas is a good person and he makes me laugh.”
“Sorry, bad joke,” Dean continued sheepishly.
Still, someone was missing for him here in the bunker. Actually, two, he’d love to have Eileen joining them. It would be the perfect nuclear family of the bunker for Dean. Also, maybe he could actually adopt a dog for the bunker. It would be a good time for them to have a pet. Although, he had a strong feeling that Castiel would prefer a cat more, which would be an unfortunate case for Dean since he had an allergy towards felines.
It was still so little to learn about The Empty, not even enough for Rowena to start working on something, but she didn't have the heart to say it to the person before her.
The offer caught Castiel by surprise, and he quickly stood up to unlock the glass door to the balcony. “Oh, yeah, sure.”
Sam raised both of his hands, “Nope, I gotta go get Eileen. She agreed to stay here for a few days, to celebrate. Tell Rowena and Jack to stay longer, will ya? Bye, lovebirds!”
Castiel narrowed his eyes at the new plan. He knew that Crowley would go home to England twice or three times in a year, but it was always a well-planned trip, unlike this one where it was so sudden. “Sure, Crowley. Is everything alright back home?”
“I am,” this time the smug smile showed on Mick’s face, and then he cocked his head to the direction of a small desk behind him. “That desk,
might scared the poor man, unintentionally. A snap of horror filled Dean’s mind, what if Cas refused to talk to him again after this? What if that was their last chance on planning dinner, and he completely
“Hey! I don’t watch chick flick!”
Dean shook his head softly and cupped Cas' face with his hand, "No, no, man, it's
“Yeah, sounded like a major work, innit?” Abaddon finally answered after a few moments of silence on the table, and then she took another bite of her cheeseburger.
“This. This ...
“Okay, can you hear me?”
“Home,” Dean answered shortly as he unlocked Cas’ side of the car and opened the door for him. “I’m sorry, Cas, but I get uneasy if there’s dog smell inside Baby. So, I use this,” he continued as going around the car and get in from the driver’s side. “This is my grandfather’s, I found it in the garage, and it still worked beautifully.”
"Of course, I should. You were lucky it was a slow day in Hell, so I can come over in a short time," Rowena placed both bottles on the table in front of Dean, then when she looked at Dean's face again, she came to a halt. "Dean? Is everything fine?"
Dean brushed his thumb lightly on Cas' cheekbone. He saw that Cas was all teary, probably the same tearful look that he had a few days ago. Of happiness but also sadness. It was painful for Dean to see it, it wasn't a look that suited Cas. He never wanted to see Cas having that look on his face again.
With that answer, Dean knew that this was the real Castiel, the angel who claimed that his “people skills” are “rusty”, and yet after so many years he still struggled with that. But that is what made Castiel … Cas. Dean also couldn’t help to notice the pang of fear inside him, that told him that this Castiel had been reset to the original model. Just like what Naomi did several years ago. The celestial soldier who would follow Heavenly order and had little faith in humanity.
He looked to the grandfather clock on the corner of the room, and counted the time until he has to cook dinner for himself and his younger brother, Samuel. When he learned that there was still some time to relax, Dean let out an exhale and leaned his back on the couch, while his eyes sweeping the room.
“Like sorority sisters,” Gabriel grinned, “you can braid my hair if you like.”
As hilarious as it was, that’s really dangerous. What if he was planning to
"Cas," he started in a lower and softer voice than he intended to, "I honestly didn't know Abaddon is your sister, twin sister even."
The question caught Dean off guard as he felt like he was jerked awake, and he could feel his face heated. It took him a while before he could gathered himself and answered. “Uh, no, no. I thought you have your niece coming over?”
That suddenly made Dean aware, would it fit him
“Your brother. Sammy,” Castiel paused and cocked his head to the side when he saw Dean looked at him like he had a third eye suddenly popped out on his forehead, instead of looking straight to the road, then he continued, “you told me that you have a brother whose name was like mine.”
“’Ello?”
Amara chuckled, “I see you still haven’t lost your charm, Metatron. Especially now, after knowing that I’m not the bad guy, but my brother was.”
Apparently, Cas had brought Dean back to reality.
The message from Castiel made Charlie turn her head slowly to the direction of the librarian’s table for a few seconds, and then there were sounds of keyboard clicking from Charlie’s direction.
Dean threw the drink back before he poured more. "Of course you might. The last time I went to Purgatory was with Cas, with Michael's help. Oh, in our universe, Michael possessed our half brother, Adam. So, Michael opened up the rift to cross over there. Neither Cas and I died when we did that, we just … crossed over, really."
The man in address swallowed silently at the sudden change of tone, “Right, sorry,” he paused, “okay, so … this is still weird for me.”
Cas turned his face go his brother so fast, he was sure he heard a crick on his neck. "
From the times he had visited this place, Castiel was quite sure that he had never saw him before. The man walked with a peculiar bravado, an air that showed that he belonged there, but somehow there was a hint of alertness in his movement.
level for you. You
Ever since he was little, Castiel felt that he was closer to his big brother just before him, Gabriel. Their close age difference is one of the reasons; they were only three years apart, compared to the twelve years gap between Castiel and the twins, Michael and Anna. Another was the fact that the two youngest Shurley boys tried their best not to be like their father.
"Dean, hey, hey," Sam finally brought Dean closer and hugged his big brother. This was shocking for him, since he never saw Dean this vulnerable, in front of anyone. There were no defences anymore this time, Dean really let himself go, all because of Cas'
After a quick check-up of his vitals and temperatures, the conclusion would be Jack was too exhausted. There was a possibility that he was now more human than before, hence the exhaustion that he felt. Sam then offered to take the kid to his room, right after Jack apologised to Dean, who replied it with a smile and a pat on the boy’s head.
A good kind of excitement.
By now, Castiel was quite sure that Gabriel would realise he was avoiding Dean. Since they finished setting up the sofa beds in the living room, Castiel quickly made his way to the showers. He didn't even wait for the other three men to finish putting on the pillowcases or getting blankets. After he finished refreshing himself, he put on his sleeping t-shirt and shorts, then quickly made his way to the back porch. He needed some time to calm himself before having Dean in the vicinity of his sleeping area. Or maybe he avoided seeing Dean and Abaddon being adorable together.
“Aaah, that phone call! The brother who gave you that ring?” Dean pointed to the silver ring on Castiel’s finger.
Another laughter passed Castiel’s lips, “Samandriel was truly the baby of my family. My parents miscalculate something on their birth control or whatever, and they were having Sammy when I was sixteen, Gabriel was eighteen, Raphael was twenty and Lucifer was twenty four.”
What if Jack couldn’t do it this time?
“Yeah,” Dean smiled and said thank you to the waiter with his Corona. The teacher pushed the slice of lime on the top of the bottle inside before taking a sip. “Well, all’s good now. We planned a raincheck and … yeah.”
“Okay, Cas, here we are,” Dean slowed the car down, “welcome to the bunker.”
“Cas? Hey, where are you?”
“Okay, you can get up now, Dean,” Castiel turned the light off, and quickly moved to his chair before Dean could notice a small difference on him. Somewhere below the stomach area.
"Well, well, look who's up," Rowena was the first one replying to him, as she was standing in front of the new bookshelf that was the closest to the library's entrance. "How're you feeling today, dove?"
“What major?”
Amara then sat on the couch in front of Metatron, “Oh, it was chaotic. Would you believe Me that I have to go down under to Hell to get some advice from Rowena? She made Hell looked presentable.”
Castiel was awaken by the incoming ringtone that he assigned specifically for Gabriel (Taylor Swift’s
“I honestly have no idea,” Castiel answered as he took a turn to the highway, “did he say anything about his work or something?”
All this time, Dean always see himself as a failure, a burden to everyone around him, a grunt who was hard on the edges and would prefer muscles over the brain. That he was not the brightest bulb in the shed, all of his brilliant ideas were of mere coincidences.
Dean sighed and took the stairs to the garage.
Cas laughed at the question, “No, no, Charlie. On the contrary, I was holding Dean before, because I thought I lost my kitten and I made him-“ something just clicked in Cas’ brain. “Dean, you weren’t sneezing?”
Dean groaned. Now that he knew there was a good prospect with Cas, he would rather postponed the meeting of him and his brother as long as possible. Especially longer for Bela.
“Exactly! Beautiful cat, though. Orange with bright green eyes. Rowena can be quite possessive over Lucifer. Last time Lucifer brought a female client home for a hearing preparation, she kept hissing on her. I think the only woman she could bear to see with Lucifer was Claire.”
Sam waited until Balthazar got inside the car before he greeted the man. “Hi, Balthazar, how’s it going? Oh, have you met Charlie?”
Dean wondered if he should tell Claire that Cas is dead, for now, or should he keep it until they were sure that Cas could return from The Empty. He didn’t want to bring up false hope about Cas, yet at the same time, Dean also didn’t want to deliver the bad news about Cas to the girls.
The three grown-up people turned to the millennial kid in the room.
"Her?" completely missed the vital point of the question, Crowley then turned to the brothers in turn, "what happened to Chuck?"
Imagine another surprise they encountered, when finding out that they house was all paid, for as long as they live there.
The man who was addressed the question came to a halt, “Y-yeah, Dean. Why?”
The older man smiled at the sight next to him and mentally continued with the list he got from Balthazar about his new dentist.
took you here, huh?” Cas smiled. A different kind of smile that he had before for Dean. The same loving smile, only it was more to platonic than romantic.
As he heard the word breakfast, Dean reflexively looked at his wristwatch; it’s almost eleven. How long has he been asleep? When did he fall asleep?
The apartment was big,
"That was unbelievable. Thanks, Crowley."
Sam raised his eyebrows in confusion, he probably didn’t expect Dean to put
“Hi Sam. I, uh, I also had a brother by the name of Sammy, it’s from Samandriel, though. He’s, uh, he’s a lot younger than I am, so … probably younger than you are as well.”
Dean gave his cooking a final touch of spices before turning off the heat and gave it another stir. When he felt his cooking was ready, he divided it into two plates that Sam got him, and brought his to the living room.
“Yeah,” Dean chuckled, “I saw you.”
Cas could feel his cheek warmed to Dean’s voice, again and again that night. “Thank you, Dean.”
!” he laughed again.
“What?”
good,” Dean shoved a chip lazily into his mouth. “I took him out to dinner few nights ago.”
"Well, my first death was because of
, and I’m into men.”
That was all it took for Samuel Winchester to have a light-bulb moment on his mind, and his expression brightened in mere seconds at the realisation of the critical information. Then he looked to his big brother swiftly before practically jumped from his chair to give Jack a crushing hug. He then dashed with all of his large limbs to the direction that can only be guessed as the car garage.
"Hello, Jack. I miss yo-
“Cas, are you seeing someone at the moment?”
Dean waited until Castiel put back his cup before giving another question, “Your brother, Samandriel, what major he’s taking?”
Before Rowena could ask him another question, they heard heavy footsteps that came from the ward's direction, where Sam and Eileen would do the extracting process with Jack. As the three people showed, the expression on their faces managed to make Dean lose even the slightest hope that he thought he had when Rowena appeared in the bunker.
“Well, that was
The waiter who was tending their table came to bring the check, and Dean quickly took it before Castiel realised what was that.
On this side, there were three shelves, where Cas stored his t-shirts and pants, and a drawer that Dean was highly sure would be filled with undergarments. He looked from one shelf to the other, there was still no cat.
“Yeah, I think my parents miscalculated something back then,” Cas chuckled, and he could feel his cheeks made a soft burning sensation when he glanced that Dean was looking at him fondly. “In my defence, I had two older brothers, so teasing and being a jerk to each other was like a regular thing between us.”
Both of them then continue their slow walk around the exhibition area and there were times where Dean could feel Cas’ hand brushing his, and he had to use all his might not to grab it.
As they sat on the war table, that sometimes also worked as the dining table, Dean couldn’t help but feel some warmth in his chest when he saw people that gathered around him. His brother, the son that he helped raised and took care of, also the mother of his former frienemy that he knew he could trust her with almost anything that happened in his life.
finished! And what’s with the tone of slut-judging me?”
“Sammy was.”
“Yeah, I just adopted it from the canteen. Do you have any box for it?”
“I still have Jody and the girls left,” Dean replied before taking a chip and bit it. He then waved the chip in his hand to the other three people, “Do you think I should tell Claire about Cas now, or wait until we’re sure that we can bring him back?”
The call from Dean sent Castiel laughing, “Yes, Dean, I do speak a little Russian.”
Of course, Dean. Thank you. Good night.
to pick me up as well, then!’. Jesus!”
“Balthazar? Or his ex?”
Dean was still listening to Rowena’s mischievous stories from Cas, when a waitress came and asking them for another order, since the kitchen was about to close in ten minutes. Castiel asked for a hot water refill, while Dean told her that he’s good.
The dark-haired man nodded at that, “Well, thanks for the box, and see you tomorrow, Naomi.”
“If only I knew, Dean,” Cas answered teasefully, yet honestly, “Gabriel never told me what he was working on here. He only said that he, uh, he had work here for a week. That’s it.”
"Oh, yeah, that tan dog you put on the backseat of Baby. Also, I get that it was weird that your death was so lonely. But,
"Okay. This was quite a simple spell, actually. It was the ingredients that might be a bit complicated. But it shouldn't be a problem for my handmaiden."
"No. Thank you for the love scene that managed to distract The Empty."
Dean elbowed Balthazar softly after the Brit finished with Cas’ hair, so he would get out of the way. “Cas, I’d like you to meet everybody. Guys, this is Castiel. Cas, that’s Sammy, Charlie, and … Bela? You’ve met her?”
Sam was still laughing from his reaction, “I’m kidding, Cas. So, dinner’s ready? I’m starving.”
you Winchesters here, since you've broken so many laws of nature, apparently."
“Nope. That will do, Cas. What should I get? I’m arriving at the supermarket now. Hang on, I’m gonna put the hands-free on.”
Dean turned to Crowley, who called the name, confirming that what he saw before him was
Dean chuckled and slung his arm around her, "Understood. Thank you, guys."
classic. It’s my father’s car before.”
“Yeah?”
Cas looked up to Dean in such an adoring way, and Dean missed that. “Last time I found out about Gabriel’s work was when he worked at this production of porn film. And
“No, I hid it. I brought it, actually, but I don’t know how to tell you,” she said in a matter-of-fact tone that surprised Castiel. “I, uh, I assumed he was your ex, because not long after that Gabriel was calling you and he was so upset, and few days later he flew to England.”
Juliet probably sensed the worry in the air, she jumped off the couch and walked slowly to Cas, whining as she placed her head on Cas’ lap.
He was looking at Dean as if he was the bright full moon on a summer night.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry! Claire, you alright?"
This was what made Cas really looking forward talking to Dean. How they can make each other laugh, even with the slightest and simplest comment. Cas then read what they would need to cook green curry.
Special?
There was a pause from Sam’s direction, “Yeah, that’s the most cliché thing I’ve ever heard. You’re hopeless in this, Dean.”
Cas knew he was defeated, he smiled sheepishly before answering, “A kid at school. Saw him playing basketball once and I thought it was admiration. He's married with two kids now, that's what his Facebook said."
joining in if you want to have kinky sex with this person!”
Both men were silenced with the story. Castiel still had his smile, while Dean had his face stilled in between surprised and awe.
of your friends, Dean.”
"Dean, where are we going?" Cas asked when he realised that they were heading the other way from Dean's bedroom, that he was really familiar of.
Without lifting his face from the pictures of food in front of him, and suddenly having a craving for pancakes, Castiel proceeded his story. “I went out with Charlie and our dear cousin, Balthazar, last night. So, as expected, we drank too much. The last thing I remember was dancing with Balthazar, and someone approached me.
Crowley made performance by showing off his death-scythe to Cas, "Apparently, according to The Empty, it was Billie's personal request. So, it pulled me out from wherever I was in The Empty and sent me to the Death's Library. Where this ring had waited for me."
“Come in,” Castiel called as he put his white robe on, that was hung on the bathroom door.
Cassiel if he must – that there won’t be any drama tonight from that question.
“Well, I, uh, I can make some food, Cas. I can look for the recipes if you want,” Dean leant back on his chair again, “okay, we’ve covered pasta and American. What if we cooked something Asian now?”
He knew that it was a jerk move from him towards Dean. But being close to Dean, especially after Castiel knew that Dean came here by Abaddon's request, somehow made him uncomfortable.
His claims made Abaddon laugh out loud that she shed some tears. “Fuck you, Castiel, you know that.”
“Huh. That’s … comfortable.”
“Thank you, Naomi,” with that Castiel lined off the call and continue his meal.
Right after the question was thrown, another waiter came to bring their complimentary mineral water. After said his thanks to her, Dean answered Cas’ question, “Yeah. This is one of our favourite place, Sammy and mine. This was one of the first places we had food in when we first move here.”
“Dammit, Cas,” Dean sniffled as he wiped his tears. “I’m not gonna let you get away after saying that, you sonuvabitch.”
), and answered lazily.
Satisfied with what his blowjob did to the man underneath him, Dean moved his mouth lower and started to rim Cas, to prepare him for what would come next. Being an angel, Castiel didn't need much of a preparation. Dean was quite sure, from Cas' moans and pleas, that he was ready for Dean the moment the hunter inserted his second finger into him.
place?"
"Oh, hi, Rowena, how's the Dean Cave?" Dean chuckled, but it only lasted a few moments before he realised something. "How much did you hear from us?"
“The others will follow once the meeting is done,” Lucifer explained. “In the meantime, I guess we’re on kid duty. Slumber party anyone?”
His daughter nodded and Future Dean smiled. Castiel brought her the juice and kissed her goodnight. He walked out moments later. Future Dean waited before lifting his daughter out of bed. He helped her into her warm hello kitty pajamas and pulled fuzzy socks onto her feet. He grabbed her warmest hoodie out from her small closet and helped her pull it on over her head. He picked her up, supporting her under her butt with one arm and grabbed the glass of juice with the other. Future Dean walked right through Dean and Holly and down the hall, down the stairs, and outside. Holly, as if sensing what Dean wanted, zapped him outside and Dean watched as Future him sat down on the front steps with his daughter in his arms. He sat her upright and let her lean into his chest. He smiled down at her and placed the juice beside him. His daughter looked up.
“And you?” Meg asked.
“Keep searching,” Crowley yelled. “I’ll return as soon as I can!”
Castiel landed on the other side of Lebanon and closed his eyes, while breathing heavily.
For those who stuck with me, thank you. For those just joining, enjoy.
“Dean,” Castiel replied. “It’s not your fault. It’s okay.”
The next moment of silence was interrupted by the loud sound of Dean choking and sputtering as he swallowed his water wrong and tried his best to cough and breathe his way through it. Castiel started at the hunter and cocked his head in concern, but Dean waved him off.
"You alright?" Dean asked her, she jumped out of her trance like she usually did when Dean talked to her and nodded.
Dean swallowed hard. Thinking repeatedly the harder he stared that Jay's smile should be illegal.
“It’s hanging in there,” Sarah joked. “How are you?”
“It’s fine Cas,” Dean stood up and gave a confused look upon noticing Castiel abruptly backing away from him, but then correcting himself.
Read and Review!
“I hope this is okay,” Jack said in his serious slow tone. “The touching of your hair, that is.”
"You can't afford to think like that Sam," Gabriel walked even closer still and Sam looked down at him, his hair falling in his eyes. Gabriel's hand darted out and gently tucked it back behind Sam's ears. He stared at the archangel. "Not anymore, not with me. You won't have to with me. I swear you won't."
The angel adjusted his tie. Dean clenched the sheets below him on the bed. Sam sucked in a deep breath and widened his eyes before going back to his work.
There was no doubt in Castiel’s mind that this scene was remarkably familiar, but most likely the other way around. Dean had, most definitely, taken care of Sam every time he’d gotten this sick or worse when he was young.
“It’s late.” Kevin mumbled and he yawned.
Castiel was beside him, his vessel different once again from the one Dean was used to, but something deep inside Dean told him it was the angel he called a friend, a brother in arms, a comrade.
“How?” Dean asked. “Why?”
“It’s fine,” Castiel replied and shrugged off his jacket, witnessing Dean observing him stripping off his top layer through lidded heavy eyes and trying to ignore the slight smirk that crossed over the elder Winchester’s face. Or, at least, trying to determine if he’d imagined it or not.
Dean flashed an extra lot of money and the waitress smirked and motioned for him to follow her to the back rooms.
“I uh,” Dean admitted. “I haven’t done this in years so…I’m sorry if I’m…bad.”
“Don’t fuck it up.”
and though Dean wanted desperately to change it, he resisted. It's somberness matched his mood.
Between all the madness from Hell and the chaos Jack had brought into their lives just by his mere existence, The Winchesters had barely found a moment to breathe, much less enjoy something together.
Their laughter was music to his ears.
Castiel’s voice was timid, gentle. As though something could come along and scare it off. Dean ran a hand through his hair and looked over at the angel, still laying in his bed. Castiel was naked, in Dean’s bed.
When the group arrived in Sioux Falls, it was late afternoon. Kevin, Ron, and Adam had taken another car from the bunker’s garage and pulled in behind the Impala once it reached Jody’s driveway. The other angels had insisted they would fly, only coming when prayed to, and in the meantime, training the winged arsenals in Heaven.
"Wait," Dean held up his hand. "You mean,
It must have happened overnight. A demolition crew was in the process of tearing down one of the walls of
Dean’s vision blurred, but he still managed to turn his attention back to the man he had seemingly passed through on his way into the memory. The ground under him and the man was barren. Dirt and dying grass cradled his legs and feet, caking on his jeans when he was finally able to move and lift himself up. The vomit had vanished. Dean’s stomach feeling a bit better, but the hunter still felt shaky and unsteady on his feet, even though he hadn’t managed to get to them yet.
“He’s telling the truth,” Hades said. “Let him go. We’ll deal with it later.”
With that Castiel rushed out of the classroom, through Dean, and down the hall. Future Dean chased after him. Dean turned his head and broke into a big smile.
He looked so small, Castiel concluded. So tiny compared to the powerful nature of the man Castiel was used to seeing on the daily.
He’d known Dean his entire life. Sam knew all his tics, his behaviors. His older brother wasn’t mad. He was afraid.
“I’m not asking for a conversation,” Dean says. “I’m just asking you to listen.”
It was suddenly louder than ever before in the room. Dean replayed the scenario in his head several times. The way the demon had leered at him, observing the confusion on his face when he’d mentioned Castiel.
There had always been a yearning for questions though. A desire to ask them how they’d done it. How they’d managed to be so unabashedly themselves and not be driven out of dodge by other hunters.
“Papa,” Sarah giggled. “That’s not a good question! You can make either of those things anytime we want!”
He came upon Castiel near the lake in the middle of the woods.
Castiel stood in place, turning around in a circle, perplexed. He had been here before, but it had been Jack who’d prayed. Jack who’d woken him up. He’d yet to hear a voice, a sound.
“What is it?” Adam asked.
Who knew, maybe this time would be the last?
"Be safe." She said.
Dean considered her words, wondering if she'd say anything else. If he should say anything, but then Claire gave him a look. A knowing look and a smile. His left hand, the one she couldn't see, shook. She tipped her beer bottle's neck to his and they clinked them.
“Alright Samantha,” Dean grumbled. “Don’t push it.”
Clark was healed, but Jack was slowly starting to figure out what he’d just done.
"Welcome," Garth nodded and gave Castiel a sincere smile. "I've heard you don't sleep much so I didn't really think of giving you a bed, but if you feel inclined there is a rather comfortable couch out in the living room."
Wish You Were Here by Incubus
Castiel returned it, as he always would.
"Weird..." The other hunter shrugged, but it was clear he was fixated on the scent.
"It's a gift." Gabriel smirked and Sam rolled his eyes, disappearing from view. Gabriel's smile was priceless.
At least, most of their family was among them.
“What are you gonna do about Cas?” Sam asked.
"Well screw you too!" she exclaimed and stormed inside the house. Castiel was in the living room, playing with their son. He looked over just in time to see their daughter stomp up the stairs in rage and slam her door shut shortly after. Future Dean came in behind her, a frustrated look on his face. Dean and Holly followed shortly after, watching the interaction between husbands.
“You’re telling me,” Ron breathed out a painful sigh, followed by a whine.
It was a stupid question. He knew the answer by the look on her face.
"Shattering glass?" Dean asked.
Clark was also terrified at that thought, he barely knew the guy, but he chose to ignore it for now.
"Are we supposed to be back here?" Dean asked.
He remembered now. Dropping the bottle, tumbling into the water.
Castiel allowed his shoulders to relax, picturing his son in his mind as he checked in on the bunker mentally. Right now, Daniel was sitting patiently on a stool in the bathroom as Dean tried his best to work his way through a face paint tutorial.
Sam nodded, looking out the window as Dean continued to drive. Castiel remained silent in the backseat, staring down at his feet. Dean resisted the urge to say something.
“We appreciate the efforts,” Lucifer said as he, Balthazar, and Castiel all landed in the main room of the bunker.
Bobby Singer hadn't known that Heaven would have been anything like it was.
“Never mind,” Dean chuckled and peered into the rear view mirror. “How you holding up back there, Jack?”
It wasn’t his fault that counting Dean’s freckles was such an inviting activity, and the fact that there was no way the hunter would let it happen while he was awake so Castiel had to take advantage of what little time he got.
Unbeknownst to them, the light closest to the center of the United States slowly begun to blink.
"You are seriously not playing Incubus in my car," Future Dean groaned, the window was down and the band's signature song 'Drive' was leaking through the speakers. "It's like a nod against everything I stand for."
Dean could hear the voices of Sam and Castiel. Every time they spoke there was an eerie echo like they were so damn far away from him.
“Kev…” Ron gave him a pleading look.
The remaining group, with the exception of Gabriel and Castiel, watched eagerly as Dean and Sam visually explained how to take care of a shifter. Kevin had already started some work on pinpointing where the shifters were potentially coming from. It struck everyone as slightly strange that such solitary creatures would be working together, but stranger things had been happening lately for them to question it too much.
“You have the spell?” he asked Crowley and the demon nodded.
"Knowing you might die?" Dean asked.
Dean, before he could hear her answer, was whisked away by Holly once again to the nearest big retail store which in the area they were near happened to be Walmart. Dean had never once stepped foot into a Walmart until now. Dean looked down the various aisles, looking for Future him. Once he found himself, he almost high tailed it out of there immediately.
“I have known Dean Winchester for almost more than ten years,” Castiel said, looking Cathalsis in the eyes. “I know the way he walks. I know the way he talks. Hell, I even know the way he breathes. I know his desires, his thoughts. His prayers to me speak volumes.”
“Bane gave us orders,” Titan replied, gritting his teeth. “We are to follow them no matter what. No matter how you feel about me and my choices, you are never to forget that. Perhaps if you even took the time to learn about the humans, you’d understand how much they mean to me, and how amazing of creatures they truly are.”
The angel still looked terrified, but he stopped walking away. Dean could see the back of his trench coat, drenched in the wing oil Sam had spoken of. The smell of rain only grew stronger the closer Dean got to the angel.
Where was his daughter?
"What I skipped was not of import," Holly replied, she looked a bit older than before, but Dean played it off as a trick of his eyes. "There was a hunt here, a salt and burn there, motels, bad food, angels, etc, nothing of too much significance that it can't be skipped over."
"For the last time," Future Dean exclaimed, throwing his hands up in the air clearly frustrated as hell. "I will not allow that!"
“And I have known you long enough now,” Castiel replied to Dean’s statement with a look of his own, shrouded in a smile. “To know that is a gross exaggeration.”
"My mistake." She shrugged.
Titan nodded, kissing Meg’s hand, and allowing her to rub his cheek with her thumb.
Castiel cocked his head, the sheets pooled on his lower body.
There were bigger problems elsewhere.
"All the damn time." Dean shook his head and took another drink.
"Come," Castiel said. "We have an appointment."
“You know, for a demon,” Ron commented. “You’re acting pretty humanly.”
Dean smirked. So his future daughter had a crush? Lord knows the boy she had it on probably had had one on her since he'd called her that. Holly stared at them too and Dean saw the look cross her eyes again before disappearing. There was a small spot of red poking up from her collar, but Dean chose to ignore it once again. How was he supposed to bring that up in casual conversation? Holly quickly stood up and rushed out of the diner, Dean, in a frantic hurry followed after her. He stopped behind her some ways and watched as she sighed heavily, head down staring at the ground. She turned around when she realized he had followed her.
It left Castiel and Dean alone in a silent, yet deafeningly loud room. Unspoken thoughts filled their minds, never to make it past their half open mouths.
“I’m a Prophet of God,” Kevin remarked. “I’ve been through enough shit to justify breaking this law.”
And young, eight-year-old Dean, hiding in one of Bobby Singer’s beat up long dead parts cars while Bobby and his father, John argued loudly in the car yard below. His hands over an even younger Sam’s ears.
Ever since he was little, he had believed in its power. Its power to heal, to comfort, and to replenish the earth in a way nothing else could. He and Sam had often gathered at motel windows to watch storms together. He could recall Sam's fingers shooting up in the air and pointing at each strike. His younger brother's eyes filled with wonder. Speculating that the energy came from beyond. From angels. From something far more powerful than the two Winchesters could ever imagine.
"How's my brother?" Gabriel asked. "Is Dean tending to him like he's some old lady?"
Dean rolled his neck, rubbing at the back of it, trying to find words. He wasn't used to speaking to anybody in the mornings. Sam had become an acquired taste per say, but luckily the younger Winchester was usually the earlier riser.
“I would wager it’s called: becoming a parent.” Gabriel said with a chuckle.
“Whatever you were or were not doing,” Sam held his hands up in defense. “I just came to tell you that Jack is back asleep. The Clark kid is still out cold. Cas is back in his room, as far as I can tell.”
So far, he'd consumed three drinks and was working on a fourth. He knew damn well he'd be too drunk to drive. He'd already left his keys with the bartender, promising to come back for them and the car tomorrow. Doing the right thing came naturally for him.
"You've had a piece of the Righteous Man in you ever since you rebuilt him," Annahita explained. "If I could combine the piece of his soul with your grace I could easily create a child. It would take a nine month period, the same as humans and it would be done in Heaven since you and The Righteous Man are both male. In the end the child would be delivered by me to your doorstep."
“Cas told me via prayer there’s been another disturbance,” Sam explained. “We’ll be back when that disturbance is dead.”
What the hell was the demon talking about?
"Look," Future Dean turned to look at her. "I love you. More than my own life. You're my daughter, my pride, my joy, my reason for waking up in the morning. You've saved me in ways you can't even imagine. I don't ever wanna lose you before I have to. You're my entire world. I can't let my world stop spinning."
A few moments of silence passed.
The ability to understand the monster before him left the hunter both sideswiped and baffled. The creature cocked its head, mimicking Dean, and started taking a few steps towards him. Dean felt his throat go dry, his arm burned, and he stumbled as he tried to get away from it. The other creatures had been gone for quite a while, but Dean still reached for the area behind him. As if they could help him.
One from Garth, whom he texted back and told that he would be there in the next few hours and would bring more beer.
“The one who has your heart is a lucky one indeed,” Aiden choked out, his own blood starting to fall from behind his teeth like water into a river from rocks on high.
the voice came back.
Home. It was a strange concept, calling the bunker such a thing. Even though his true blood and bones belonged down below, in the fire and brimstone he currently stood in, Crowley had come to develop a soft spot for the brick-and-mortar cave the Winchesters called their place of residence.
"Some soap on that will help," Sam muttered.
Garth patted Castiel's shoulder and walked off, leaving the angel to wait on the other side of the door for Dean, and resisting every urge he had to bust in and simply take Dean into his arms to comfort him.
"Well now we've got two reasons to celebrate!" Dean remarked.
“Where’s Meg?” Dean asked.
Lastly, he showed Castiel the day they'd met. Not the first time with the loud screeching and the busted gas station windows, but the barn. The barn covered in symbols from all beliefs, all religions.
Dean heard the door to the motel room open and he shuffled out of the bathroom, trying to make himself look presentable.
Dean crashed into him but didn't knock him over. Castiel's eyes flew wide as the hunter pulled his body closer, their legs and lower halves touching now. He felt arms throw themselves around him, then clutch his cheek.
Chuck announced.
“Hello son,” Castiel smiled and came over to his bedside. He ruffled his son’s hair and felt his forehead.
Lips Like Sugar by Echo and The Bunnymen
"As promised by Annahita she showed up on your doorstep after nine months," Holly said. "This is eight years later. She's been a blessing in you and Cas' lives ever since the day she arrived."
"No unfortunately not," Castiel and his daughter walked down the stairs and out of the front door. "I see your father's humor is what you inherited from him. Where we are going is somewhere better than a medicine cabinet."
Holly's mannerisms were different than the angels Dean was used to seeing. They seemed more human than the previous winged ones he'd met. Of course he'd only been around Castiel, out of all the angels in Heaven, most of his life so there wasn't much to compare her to. Gabriel was wild and boisterous, obnoxious was more the key word. Castiel was more reserved, but if provoked he could the scariest thing Dean had ever seen in his life. Holly reminded him more of Castiel than Gabriel. He looked away from her and down to his plate. His burger was gone.
When they showed up at Jody's door, she looked shocked to see them.
(See the end of the chapter for
“The thought becomes harder to fight every day,” Castiel admitted. “But I suppose we cannot at this point. Our son deserves more. Sam and Gabriel’s daughter too.”
“When Abbadon’s spell broke,” Dean replied. “It broke the cage. It’s how Michael got out and possessed me. It’s how Adam and Eve managed to walk free. It’s how we’re going to stop the evil this time around.”
The victim was face up, eyes open wide at the sky, and the entirety of his organs were spilled onto the pavement of the alleyway. Luckily, he was away from public view or Adam feared it would certainly give children nightmares for the rest of their lives. Him too if he didn’t manage to lose his lunch first.
Cracks formed and spiderwebbed and started to fall into the fake floor. They dove in as though it were water and were swallowed whole, revealing another room of light beyond. Dean’s arm pulsed so painfully he swore it was glowing blue on the inside.
“Tell that black-eyed bitch of yours I said hello.” Tojo smirked, challenging the other hound, and it took everything Titan had to walk away without transforming into his hound form and grabbing Tojo by the throat until he couldn’t breathe any longer.
"Hey champ," Sam knelt down, so he was at his level. "I'm not leaving forever. I'll be back for Christmas and every other holiday or occasion. Okay?"
Dean obliged, starting off slow, and slowly going faster until he was lost in the ecstasy. The hunter was still in disbelief this was even happening but was quickly brought back to reality the moment he looked down at Castiel, writhing in complete pleasure, below him. Castiel let out a sharp hiss when Dean slowed down, trying his best to hit that sweet spot inside the angel’s vessel, and once he found it, Castiel was lost to him.
“And you?” Jack asked.
The Winchesters killed monsters, and they’d unknowingly allowed one to become part of their family so many moons ago. Ron had resisted the urge to feed on human souls and essence for so long, but the time he’d spent with his family in the past month had proven just how much of a scourge upon the earth he truly was.
"Uncle Sammy and Uncle Gabe!" Daniel jumped out of Future Dean's arms and started to run for the door, but Castiel stopped him.
Reviews are appreciated!
Castiel resisted the urge to roll his eyes, despite Dean Winchester only paying attention to where he was attempting to hide the small microphone under the right lapel on the angel’s trench coat. The hunter let out a deep sigh as he fastened it and stepped back to admire his handiwork.
“When Michael broke free,” Meg explained. “He sent out a wavelength of power. It radiated all through Hell. We demons are lucky we didn’t all perish when it happened.”
Dean sighed as the coffee brewed, taking a moment to glance over at the beer bottles strewn across the table nearby. The dirty plates stacked in the sink. The normalcy of it all was enough to make him want to cry.
"Both parties?" Dean asked.
He’d never asked anybody to stay, not even Sam.
Titan looked over at Dean, his eyes flashing yellow.
It represents the first time he was ever in this magnificent beings airspace, and what wouldn’t be the last.
"He doesn't hate you," Castiel shook his head. "I don't think that would ever be possible for Sam."
Sam swallowed hard, barely looking Dean in the eye as he spoke. He had promised Castiel he’d keep his little secret, and though he had kept his word, it had been growing increasingly harder. Every moment Dean was near the angel, he sniffed the air, smelling something Sam couldn’t pick up on. Sam had continued to hide Castiel’s used tissues, covered in what the angel had explained was wing oil, and to try and send and keep Dean away from the bunker as much as possible until the heat cycle was over.
“Move.”
"All the taste," Jamie turned the green bottle Dean's way. "None of the alcohol."
"I'm fine," Dean replied and backed away, leaving Castiel with a confused and mildly hurt look. "Sorry Cas, I just...need a night to unwind by myself. Had a lot going on recently. No offense."
“It was Gabriel’s idea,” Dean replied. “He said we needed something…good. After all that’s happened lately.”
Before Castiel had ever taken that fateful trip to Hell.
“I heard your prayer,” Castiel said. “You wanted to talk?”
Dean panted, trying his hardest to break through the barrier that had somehow made itself, even in the wake of nothing. His fist rippled the same as his fingers had. Dean banged his balled fist against the indiscernible forcefield surrounding him until the same burning pain from before ran through his arm and his half-crippled form bent over his knees and his eyes squeezed tightly shut.
Bane replied.
“Hey!” Dean yelled into the void. “What gives?!”
It wasn’t working.
Castiel stood in the doorway, probably having mistaken Dean's thoughts for prayer, and his face was what Dean could only describe as Castiel's version of awestruck.
Castiel was laying, just as naked, beside him.
There were quite a few things Dean could count on during a hunt: good coffee, good tunes (because he was in charge of the radio nine times out of ten), and some good old-fashioned salting and burning if it came to that.
See y’all again soon!
"Looking in your eyes I see a paradise…"
“Fine Samantha,” Dean rolled his eyes and put the car into gear. “Whatever helps you sleep at night.”
"Visiting hours are almost over sir," a nurse popped her head into the room. "I'm afraid you'll have to leave."
Dean and Sam hadn’t seen Ron Ryder for over a month and, as much as Dean didn’t want to believe it, he suspected this was why.
“It never truly is.” Castiel admits.
"Sorry…" Daniel sheepishly looked down.
"I know I just-." Castiel started to say.
Titan growled, shifting into his hound form, and trying to transport himself to Heaven. Moments later, the hound was propelled back down to the ground, unwillingly shifting back into a human, and he hit it hard, feeling his power take a significant hit as well. Meg rushed over to him as quickly as she could in her current pregnant state and took him by the arm, trying to talk to him.
Dean could feel it in his bones, the peace would not last long.
“I believe that I may know what the issue is.” Castiel licked his lips and sighed, before putting his hands back in his pockets.
"Hit me." She replied.
The angels deep blue eyes were an endless tunnel. One, Dean had to admit, he'd dreamt of never coming out the other side of. The singer's voice cried out with all the emotion he could muster when he'd wrote the song.
Castiel kissed Daniel’s cheek and encouraged him to lay back down and sleep some more. He still wasn’t out of the woods yet. Daniel nodded, still in a daze from his dream, and watched Castiel and Gabriel close the door behind them as they left the room. Daniel strained to hear them through the door.
“In that way,” Dean sighed again, running his hands through his hair, throwing his head back, and closing his eyes. “And I’m scared shitless, man. I don’t know what to do here. I feel sweaty, like I’m gonna throw up every five seconds. I don’t know, just-.”
He'd sworn to their parents they'd come home safe.
"Your internal temperature has risen a bit," Castiel observed. "Your eyes have a slightly glassy sheen to them."
“He is safe, Dean.” Castiel reminded Daniel’s father.
She wiped her mouth and flushed the toilet, looking at her pale self in the dusty half broken mirror before slowly making her way back out to the bedroom. She smiled upon entering, seeing her boyfriend smirking back at her from under the covers.
Dean closed his eyes tight, feeling his heart race faster than on any hunt he’d ever been on, and tears started to fall even though he fought them.
It was Halloween on Earth. The last quiet night before the Winchesters had decided to chase new leads regarding Adam and Eve. They had promised it to the kids. Castiel let out a deep sigh and closed his eyes before opening them once again.
"And you did nothing?" Castiel questioned.
Sam sighed, his fingers hovering over the keys for a moment before he replied.
“What makes you think you get to decide that?” Sam glared.
He only lifted it when he felt hands cupping his cheeks.
Dean looked up at the clouds, knowing full well this couldn't possibly be a coincidence. Yet, here he was in a world that Chuck had created and then torn apart with his very brain and hands. Maybe some things didn't just happen.
"No!" Daniel squealed. Future Dean's daughter was laughing harder than even Dean was.
Dean could tell those words meant the world to the angel.
"I forgot there weren't parts of hunting that were exciting." Claire piped up.
“You know it has taken every fiber of my being to try and forgive those two,” Adam pointed at the door, to where Sam and Dean would inevitably walk in. “But I know this whole mess isn’t their fault. Parts of it, yes, but not those two big bads they’re trying to kill out there.”
"Dance!" the girls stood back and watched, arms crossed, with smug looks on their faces.
“Are you going with Crowley again tonight?”
"Don't ever do that again ya hear me?" Future Dean's expression turned serious. "Don't. I'm not going through that again; I thought I lost you today."
Sam called out.
“And you?” Dean asked Crowley.
Dean found moments later that he and Holly were walking. They were walking with the group known as Dean's future family. They were all donning their winter coats, scarves, gloves and hats. Daniel ran ahead of all of them, Titan fast on his trail as Castiel warned him to watch for cars. Future Dean's daughter strode by Castiel a smile on her face. She was beautiful; Dean could've guessed she was at least twenty now maybe a little older. Daniel looked at least eight. Dean wasn't trying to keep track of ages though, only moments. Future Dean walked next to Castiel; the pair was hand in hand. Sam and Gabriel trailed the pack, walking side by side. Dean and Holly were right beside them. Their conversation was the only one Dean heard.
“Well it seems we’re adding three more members.” Crowley gave Meg a small smile and Meg cocked her before realizing, looking down, and touching her stomach.
"Angels," Holly had this almost warrior-like look in her eyes, the same look Castiel had given Dean many a time when they'd first met. "They are balls of light. You fell in love with a ball of light Dean. Those blue eyes, they're Castiel's, those black wings are his too. The vessel he chose is irrelevant. You fell in love with what was inside of Jimmy Novak. Isn't that enough? Why is that never enough?"
"What's here?" Jody inquired. "Besides me."
“Dad made the cage,” Gabriel said. “He’ll know how to bust out of it.”
“If it ain’t Sammy,” Dean muttered and started grabbing some of the things he’d need for cooking the biggest pot of soup known to man, before grabbing his wallet and keys and making his way towards the Impala.
He didn’t have to wait long. Castiel stood at the garage door entrance, looking uncomfortable and painful as all get out, but Sam took the first steps his way, putting some room between him and Dean until both could find their words.
"Can you change the song, please?"
Ron felt an instant chill in the air, and he shivered for a moment before turning to face his older cousin. Austin stood with a smirk on his face and chuckled ever so giddily. He stood on the next level of the building, near the catwalk, and jumped over its railing effortlessly.
“Celestial energy,” Balthazar replied. “Adam and Eve were created by God, which means we can track their whereabouts anywhere on the map as long as they aren’t cloaking themselves.”
"This seat taken?" a voice said, and Dean turned to tell him no and wave him forward, but he stopped, and he was sure he was staring, but there was no way not to.
"Gabriel may have been resurrected by Metatron for all the wrong intentions," Holly said, almost as if she was pleading to Dean. "But in the end he stayed. He stayed with Sam while you were in the hospital. Sam found a kindred spirit in Gabriel, he saw himself and he saw how Gabriel could make him stronger even after tearing him down so many times over the years. He took care of him Dean; he's still taking care of him in the future. They're happy like you and Castiel."
“Never,” Balthazar helped Castiel to his feet. “We lead this Garrison together or not at all. You understand me? Where you go, I go.”
“We don’t know that for sure.” Ron said, twirling his knife in his hand as he leaned back in his chair.
“We have a timeframe,” Eve replied, with a bit of snark. “Lest you forget, dear brother. Our newly acquired bosses are counting on us to fulfill their wishes sooner rather than later.”
.” Castiel practically growled.
"I can't," Daniel pointed to Titan, who was next to him. "But Titan can?"
After a hunt, when you could finally lay your weapons down and your shot nerves went with them. After a good cry when you felt lighter than before. After a long day when you could finally climb into bed and let the world drift away into darkness for a few peaceful hours.
"That's so cool," she looked excited. "I wanna do that!"
“My apologies, Gordon Ramsey.” Sam said.
All of a sudden, Dean smelled it again. That strange scent he’d encountered the night before. He started sniffing, driving himself crazy with the thought of finding where it was coming from. The last person to drive the car was Sam. Maybe his younger brother was using new cologne or shower gel?
The beginnings of
The muscles in his arms ached until they started to tingle and then feel as though they were being shredded. The slurping and crunching noises continued to echo deep in the hunter’s ears as the pain only grew by the second. Dean covered his ears, grunting, and doubling over upon the ground. His knees hitting the dirt so hard, he could barely feel them after such a jarring sensation.
"I believe it's always nice to be positive," Holly explained. "In the event that something horrid does happen, you can see the good in life before it does. Why do you think I'm only showing you the important parts Dean? They're the good. You need to see the good that's going to come out of your life."
Castiel cocked his head in confusion.
"What about you Cas?" Dean asked.
“Maybe we should, uh, take this somewhere safer from slippage?” Dean suggested.
“Jack…” Sam warned.
"Figured you'd show up eventually," Bobby said, turning to face Castiel. "Bout time."
Sweat pooled on Dean’s forehead and back. It made the freckles around his shoulders that were against his skin glisten and pop. His green eyes, blown wide with orgasmic bliss, looked down tiredly into Castiel’s blue ones.
-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-
Scenes from the night before came back to him. Castiel and what he'd done. Castiel pushing away from him and seemingly uncomfortable with what had transpired.
Well, I do hope everyone enjoyed this chapter. I promise there will be more positive things to come in terms of both relationships in this story. I am just simply working my way there!
Dean managed to keep everyone safe for the rest of the ride, simply because no more crazy talk was spoken. He snuck a few peeks in the backseat at Castiel, who sat looking out the window, enjoying the scenery. It was strange, the last time the brothers had been here he’d barely known the angel.
It was anybody's guess what about.
Castiel scrolled down a few inches on his phone, clearly weighing their options. Sam stiffened a little as the song changed to
“We all are,” Crowley nodded and stood up from his chair. “That’s why we’re going to work twice as hard from here on out. Me and Hellboy here have been chasing demons left and right, searching for answers about the big bads’ plans. No solid luck yet, but I have faith that we’re getting there.”
The one being left the other’s side and stepped forward to greet the masses. The last being left, clearly the one in charge, stood and admired all before it before slowly turning its head to face Dean.
Meg nodded, motioning with her hand for the Angelhound to continue his story.
"Apparently not Dean," Sam sat up as well, reaching for his discarded boxers and pulling them on. He turned to face her once again and ran his fingers through his hair.
--------------------------
Dean shook his head, chalking it up to something that had to be witchcraft. There were usually at least a few monsters that had it out for Sam and Dean, even long after a hunt was done.
Castiel seemed almost hurt by Sam’s comment, but tried not to show that he had taken offense to Sam’s statement. Sam tried his best not to get any further into an argument with Castiel, not when Dean’s health was concerned. Instead, he chose to study the way Castiel looked over Dean’s unconscious form with immense concern of his own. The angel reached his fingers out again, but instead of trying to heal, he simply placed them against Dean’s stubble and Sam caught sight of him slowly rubbing the hunter’s cheek with his index and ring fingers.
Castiel felt anger boil up in him, hitting his fist hard against the table, and abruptly pushing the chair in as he stood up. The angel turned on his foot, stomping out of the Big House’s library, and then stopped.
Eileen smirked again and the two clanked glasses in a toast.
Lucifer cocked his head at Sam’s wrist and shoulder. They were heavily bruised. The encounter with the werewolves had gone South for a moment and Sam had taken a few hits too many into the walls surrounding the fight.
"Puppy!" Future Dean's daughter ran over to the hound and hugged it around the neck. The hound drooled then nuzzled the little girl on the side of her face. Future Dean gave Gabriel an 'I'm so gonna kill you later' look.
“Well don’t just stand there,” Crowley barked. “Find the damn thing!”
"That's my girl," Future Dean laughed. "Although next time let's use a nicer word in school okay? I don't need you getting in too much trouble."
"That usually comes later," Dean said, taking a giant bite of the burger, despite the latent nausea he was having. "I think I'll survive."
The two angels in the forefront, stared at those in front of them, and took it all in. Dean watched Castiel look down at his now human fingers and flex them, still getting used to the idea of having a body. Of having an image other than luminescence and frequency.
"Time for the princess to get her beauty rest." Future Dean whispered into her ear before laying her in bed. His daughter rubbed her tired eyes and yawned as he tucked her in.
For now, though, enjoy what’s left, and I’ll see you in the next chapter!
The figures started to move. Dean could have called it walking, but it was almost as though they were one with the white light around all three of them, Dean included. They glided away, taking the scene with them, and Dean felt the burning sensation near his arm increase again.
"Parent teacher conference," Holly explained. "Apparently you humans have those quite often with the humans that teach your children?"
“I’m…” Daniel swallowed hard. “I’m Daniel.”
"You love them for everything that they are," Bobby nodded. "And everything they've yet to be. Especially Dean."
“See to it that you do,” Austin replied, staring Ron down. “You have until the Spring Solstice to sever your ties with the humans and the God squad and remind yourself who your true family is. Adam and Eve know their orders. So, do we. Now you know yours.”
"I don't want to be in an argument with you anymore," Sam clarified. "So, we're not arguing. We're just…agreeing to disagree."
Castiel slowly took the lead on removing his own clothes. His trembling fingers were met by Dean’s arms. Dean blinked a few times before gently pressing his lips to Castiel’s and closing his eyes.
Dean remembered every detail of that night like it was yesterday.
The angel's gaze lingered even long after he shut the door.
Dean was trying to focus, but his mind was very much elsewhere. The scent of sulfur had permeated his nostrils the moment they’d stepped foot in the victim’s room. Demons. Definitely something Dean was in the mood for.
Anorath handed Castiel a small piece of paper. The leader of the Angel Council read over the words it contained and sighed upon when it vanished into flame and smoke. He stared back over at the map. The blinking red lights were still unchanged from before. He then looked around at his Council.
It had been a mistake to tell Sam.
It was so long ago now, but it still felt like yesterday.
“Only way I could have done it,” Dean replied, staring up at the sky as the stars begun to come out. “You like it?”
"What is Dean afraid of?" Eileen asked.
"Yes actually," Dean replied and next thing he knew he and Holly were standing in the deserted hallway of a school. "And okay…what gives?"
Jody did her best not to worry as Sam walked out the door into the night.
A piece of the air flickered, near the center, but not quite there. A surge of power, cracking the foundation.
"And you are a hunter as well?" Castiel asked.
The silence for a moment was deafening.
"I do," Castiel nodded and finally smiled. "I always have. You never had to say it, even though I appreciate you saying it now."
Dean hung his head, embarrassed, and Castiel reached his hand towards the hunter’s back to rub it. He felt Dean lean into his touch the moment his hand contacted with Dean’s shoulder blades.
Clark gave Jack a thoughtful look, one that lasted for far longer than he’d normally have openly given another guy. He felt his throat starting to go dry. It was no secret he’d looked both ways ever since he was about fourteen, but he’d never told anyone. Not even his mother. Another secret she’d never know now.
Bane motioned to Leo, Tojo, Ace, and Chaya, earning surprised looks, growling, and baying from Leo and Tojo. Ace turned to face Chaya and the female hound nodded at him and then Titan, staring into her old friend’s gaze with hope and a hint of sadness.
"Well I am young," Holly replied. "But I've seen love. Real love. It's powerful and it's divine. It is the most beautiful thing I have ever witnessed."
"I'm just glad you're here."
“We’re looking for directions.” Eve explained, putting on her best sultry voice.
“Dude,” Clark chuckled. “Water pressure in there? Phenomenal.”
Balthazar sighed as he stared down at the map before him. The blinking lights had gone completely blank. Nothing was lighting up. Everything had been quiet for the past few days.
“Only that he’s not my father,” Ron said, serious and stone faced. “Not in the ways that count. And that you’d best pray to every God in Heaven, on Earth, and on all planes if you intend to beat all three of them.”
"I can't believe I'm coming to you for advice on this sort of thing," Dean rolled his eyes playfully and took his turn. He sank the ball as well and Jamie gave him a look that showed he was impressed.
"It seems like yesterday you were just a child," it looked as though Titan smirked. "I remember it. It makes me feel old; even today you are still a child in my eyes. I was told long ago that you were my charge. I was to watch over you and protect you, but that doesn't mean I can't be a fountain of wisdom as well."
"It shouldn't be like that though," Claire's voice cracked. "It just shouldn't…be like that."
"You're impossible you know that," Future Dean rolled his eyes. "Just like Cas."
"You and that guy you came here with," the woman mentioned, inspecting her nails, and giving Dean a sideways glance from where she leaned her giant breasts on the counter. Normally, Dean would have glanced, or perhaps done more, but his head was currently swimming upstream and he had no life vest or directions.
“The old me would have shut this down the second it started,” Dean explained. “Tried to remind them how important the hunt was. How we needed to focus.”
“Why?” Meg asked, cocking her head ever so slightly and grunting at the feeling of one of their children kicking against her vessel’s ribs.
"Sorry about that," Garth rubbed at the back of his neck and smiled sheepishly. "They're at that age, you know."
Dean wasn't usually one for parties, but Garth had certainly put on one hell of one for his family and friends.
“I guess,” Dean replied. “Yeah. I suppose that’s the word for it.”
“You’re my friend Cas,” Dean replied. “We’ve been through weirder shit. I wanted to help.”
“Don’t,” Kevin held his hand up, not looking Ron in the eyes. “Don’t try and make a big thing out of this. I know you’re doing it for the cause, but I just…I feel like it’s become the most important thing to you recently.”
It was absolutely beautiful.
The female demon sighed, rolling her shirt back down over her slightly bloated stomach and looked over at Crowley.
she said. "
"It is Castiel's Achilles heel," Holly replied. "He knows she's more like you and he's having a harder time accepting it. He loves her though, don't ever doubt that Dean, not throughout any of these events. Trust me; she'll…be a great person one day."
“Is that why you came here Halloween night?” Sarah asked.
“A stronger one then,” Castiel suggested, and Daniel inwardly winced. If he were to be on something stronger, surely yes it would stop the visions, but he would lose the only true companions he’d ever known.
Except for the times when a waitress stared at the angel for too long. Or when he’d say something unbelievably naïve or funny and Dean couldn’t help but laugh and give in to the rush of happiness that would flood through him. The times when Dean felt lonely and just wanted a companion, an ear, other than Sam’s, to bend.
The panic welling up inside of Dean was overwhelming. His breathing was rapid, and his body was tense. The spiderweb grew. The glass it was made of started to fall. Dean could feel some of it burying into his flesh. His hand had gone numb by the time the cobweb wall had splintered and opened a new passageway.
“Cas,” Dean threw up his hands and Castiel cocked his head. “I just wanted to clear the air. I didn’t lie when I had said I wanted to help you and it wasn’t just because of whatever was coming out of your back.”
Something new. Something far more foreign than the angels had ever seen previously.
It was weird for Sam, seeing his brother this way.
"Did anyone ever tell you," she hugged Titan around his furry neck. "That you're the best?"
Daniel turned his head to see the young boy from the playground back in Sioux Falls, standing before him, and smiling as he leaned against a nearby tree. The boy was wearing practically the same outfit as Daniel and smirked upon giving the Nephilim a onceover.
Jack swallowed hard, trying his best to think of Castiel’s words. How could he possibly explain this to Clark? Clark was a human. He didn’t have to deal with such things as a backache from emotion. Jack gripped his legs. He could feel the oil slowly leaking from his wings.
"Don't you just wish you could go back to that level of innocence?" Dean asked.
Dean was shocked. Another kid? He had a daughter too? He'd always wanted a little girl.
All I Want Is You by U2
In the meantime, it was better to be safe than sorry, so Titan helped Meg pack a bag and the pair started out the door of her dilapidated house in Demontown to the safety of the bunker Earth side.
Future Dean laughed at his own joke, but it fell on deaf ears. Castiel cocked his head in confusion.
“You think I took the baring of what could be considered my soul, though I do not technically possess one, lightly?” Castiel asks, cocking his head just as he did the first time they met in this barn. His blue eyes shine, they were never Jimmy’s, Dean determined that long ago, not with that kind of light eloquently dancing behind them, as though the angel borrowed it himself from the stars in the sky and never managed to give it back.
They were red, like Humphrey’s eyes when he’d been upset or wanting food. Pete and Willy stood protectively on either side of him, both full grown dogs, and their eyes glowed red. Pete turned his head up towards Bobby as the elderly hunter reached out a hand to pet the Hellhound.
Sam put the car into drive and made his way back to the motel room. He felt lighter somehow, as though some awful secret had been lifted from his shoulders.
“It appears we are out of ice,” Castiel mentioned. “I’ll go fetch us some.”
"What is wrong with you?" Gabriel asked. "We had the best time ever last week when we had our lovely concert in the kitchen. Which quite frankly you seemed to enjoy. So what is it now?"
“Dad-.” Daniel started.
“Believe me,” Dean stopped the beeping of the coffee machine and poured himself a cup. “I know.”
“We can split up,” Adam suggested. “Some of us take the North, the others take the South.”
"My apologies," Castiel replied, hands in his pockets. "I was simply just wandering Heaven and ended up here. I guess I was seeking solace."
Finally, Dean Winchester screamed, and the darkness finally took him.
His own green eyes stared back at him, blown wide from previous lust that had managed to be satiated and quenched in the span of what had felt like hours, but was truly only one. It was the longest Dean had done anything with anyone.
Jack practically jumped at the opportunity to help, but his gut jumped too, and stopped him from moving. The tingling feeling returned, and he felt it practically engulf his entire being. It only got stronger the more he looked at the black-haired kid passed out in Sam and Dean’s arms.
Sam sat in his rightful place in the passenger seat of the Impala and stared forward at the seemingly endless road.
“Okay,” Clark started to smile as he pressed a button on the computer on the bed before him and Jack. “How about this one?”
“Barker,” Dean pointed at the kid and sniffed one last time, earning a slightly confused look from Sam.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean secretly liked it. The teasing.
Daniel gasped and shot up in bed, grasping at his chest, and trying to catch his breath.
"That's just it Cas," Future Dean laughed, grabbing Castiel around the waist and pulling him closer to him. "I can't slow down, no matter how hard I try to and honestly I don't think I want to slow down. I've been in a rut my entire life, the hunter's rut. Here's the thing Cas, I haven't lived, not really."
"What'll it be, man?" the gruff bartender asked. He was new from the last time Dean had ever been to the establishment. It may have been a small town, but at least some things changed.
"And what if he doesn't wake up?" Sam said with concern bleeding through his voice, there was the echo.
Gabriel clutched his archangel blade in his left hand, supporting his weight with his right on the carpeted floor of the motel room. A large gash ran through his left side and he winced upon moving, holding it, and dropping himself further to the ground just as Sam ran to help him.
Dean looked up from his coffee mug, giving Titan a hopeful stare.
“You should write greeting cards.” Dean rolled his eyes yet knowing full well Crowley was right.
"Fine," Dean said. "Just show me what happens now."
"I love you too daddy," his daughter said. "Further than the moon."
“So,” Dean spoke up. He currently sat at the head of the map table, watching the red lights, and just daring one to blink. The others who surrounded him turned their heads, awaiting his statement.
The moment he knew that John knew.
"Sorry Cas didn't come with us this time," Dean said, the mention of his name drawing the beer bottle he held to Dean's lips. "Truth be told, I don't know where he went."
“What?” Gabriel gave a slight half chuckle to his older brother.
"W-We have a home. Finally we have a home." Future Dean stepped closer to Castiel and wrapped him in a hug.
Somewhere in the distance, Castiel heard a deep growl. A growl that turned into a banshee like scream.
Reviews are appreciated!
"Research takes a lot of time Dean," Sam replied, and started on another article. "Speaking of which, I have a lead."
Sam smiled at the sight of Jack and Clark standing a good distance away from where the Impala was parked on the gravelly roadside. Jack was the one who’d called out, excitedly searching the skies for what Sam had prepared him for. Clark’s car, which Jack had gratefully pulled from an impound lot after he'd left it on the side of the road months prior when he'd stumbled into the bunker, sat parked right beside the old muscle car. The two boys had arrived back in town from a hunt, as had Sam and Dean, and, upon hearing what was due to happen that night, the group had agreed to meet on the old backroad outside of town.
"We finally got all of them," Dean kept talking to keep the uncomfortable silence from taking over. "Took forever. Dad really didn't want me involved after a while. He'd managed to find another hunter to help."
“If you think this’ll work,” Gabriel replied nervously.
Castiel looked up to see Gabriel, Balthazar, and Lucifer in the room nearby with Titan and Meg and the kids. Titan had shifted into his human form, sitting on the couch, and playing cards with Sarah and Daniel. Meg watched him with pure love in her eyes, as he interacted with the Nephilim. Balthazar and Lucifer sat in chairs opposite the game, taking a rest, and Gabriel smiled at the scene, along with one of the Angelhounds in her human form as well, Chaya, in the entrance of the room.
“But a great writer,” Chuck continued, his fingers playing with a blade that glinted in the light. “A great writer never stops writing and editing and writing and editing until he gets it
“Nothing is ever a lost cause with us,” Dean cocked his head, concerned with Castiel’s words. “What? You’re not thinking of giving up, are you?”
"Of course," Castiel nodded. "Family is everything, or so I've been taught."
“The Winchesters?” Titan asked. “Figured I wouldn’t be much use to them in such a state I was in for the past week, but I suppose you’re right.”
Sam nodded his thanks and took his leave. Castiel moved back over towards the bathroom door where Dean was still groaning from behind it.
Castiel nodded again and the pair slowly made their way from the bathroom, Dean backing Castiel into the edge of the bed and stared heatedly at him. His eyes glanced downward at the growing bulge in the angel’s boxers.
“Papa,” she mentioned his name and Gabriel immediately turned his head to face her, Sam too. Sarah gave a sideways smirk, snapped her fingers, and immediately all three of them were covered in perfect face paint. Sam touched his cheek and let out a slight gasp in the mirror.
it cried out, vanishing after jumping back to its feet.
"I appreciate your memory then." Dean smiled and walked over to the motel's makeshift kitchen. At least every little shithole they'd stayed in had had a kitchen of sorts.
He was in the damn diner again. Dean couldn't understand how he'd ended up there again. They'd just been there. Dean looked around at the busy customers milling about and chatting and laughing and he couldn't help but feel angry. How was it they were allowed to be happy inside his head? He felt like yelling at them, but he refrained. He knew they couldn't hear him. It was pointless. Dean looked around him, desperately searching for a way out. He spotted Holly.
Daniel couldn’t hear anything, but the ringing in his own ears and the gentle echoing sound of Titan reprimanding him.
Only it had been years and Dean was so stunted emotionally, Sam swore one day he’d have to grab Dean by the collar and shake him relentlessly until the message got through to him.
The way Castiel said family, it made Dean’s chest ache.
Before he could answer, Clark felt his stomach immediately reject everything he had just given it and he started coughing and gagging. Without missing a beat, Jack grabbed a nearby trash can and placed it under Clark as he vomited up his dinner.
"It's not me I'm worried about, Dean." Castiel replied.
"Dean," Castiel spoke and snapped Dean out of his trance. The hunter realized he'd been staring. "Is everything alright?"
He'd settle for watching the hunter in one of his more vulnerable states, letting his emotions out in the only way he knew how when nobody else saw.
"I think he just needed my blessing," Sam replied. "And we have his."
“Time is fluid,” the boy explained. “I can change it if I want to. Call it an imaginary friend perk.”
“I knew you could do it.” Michael whispered, their foreheads pressed together, and he pressed a kiss to Adam’s lips.
The man swallowed his whiskey and Dean shuffled his legs on the bar stool.
"I'm an asshole." Dean remarked, after taking his place beside his brother.
Dean kissed him. Hard, passionately. The hunter's mouth meshed with the angel's as though it was meant to be there all along. Their hot, morning breath cascaded out from behind their lips, and Dean took a few breaths, eyes closed, forehead against Castiel's after releasing Castiel from the kiss.
"That's the way it's gonna be little darling," Future Dean sang. "We'll go riding on horses…"
“Crazy isn’t it,” Dean mentioned. “How we can even find a moment like this in all this chaos?”
"I'll have you know," Castiel glared, if looks could kill, at least the teacher seemed very scared now. "That I happen to know God on a deep level and I don't think he'd think of you as the devout Christian that you believe to be with your blatant discrimination. If you ask me that's the highest form of sin besides the seven others. Now if you'll excuse us, we'll be withdrawing our son from your class and placing him in the hands of a truly mature and capable adult. Thank you and goodbye and may our presences never grace each other ever again."
Dean gave Castiel a confused look as he quickly looked away from the hunter and turned his attention back to Garth.
"Fine," Future Dean chuckled. "You just make me feel old."
"Yes," Castiel nodded. "I'll be where I'm needed."
Sam gave him a shocked look.
Dean hissed in pleasure as Castiel took him down to the base, and he resisted the urge to start jackhammering the angel. It was all too much at once. Once Dean bottomed out, he rested inside Castiel, and breathed hotly on the shell of his ear.
Castiel simply laughed along with the hunter, Dean tossed the condom across the room, only half making it into the trash can, and the pair made their way under the covers, allowing themselves a moment in quiet solitude beside one another to reflect on what they’d just shared.
Castiel felt his skin tingle at the touch of Dean’s open palm on his cheek and then watched with wide eyes as Dean slowly brought their lips together and proceeded to rub his thumb on Castiel’s stubble as he did so. Dean repeated the action several times before Castiel finally mimicked them, taking in the entirety of the sensation the hunter was making him feel.
“See you on the other side, I guess.”
Future Dean and Castiel took the stair slowly, Castiel keeping their daughter upright in his arms to prevent her discomfort. Holly transported her and Dean upstairs and they watched as Castiel placed their daughter in bed. She opened her eyes.
For twelve long years, Dean Winchester longed to say it, and he finally has.
Kevin squeezed his fists tighter, licking his lip, and then rubbing the back of his neck with his other free hand.
"I'm gonna miss you…" Dean's daughter hugged Sam around his middle and Sam returned the hug more gently than he had Future Dean's.
"He was the best man I've ever known," Future Dean said. "The most selfless, the kindest, the wisest, the most loyal and courageous man I've ever met in my life."
Daniel felt remorse, but something else tugged at his insides. Something that told him to feel otherwise.
At first, it was something equivalent of a dog lapping at water, but even that wasn’t the answer. There were no dogs anywhere in that blackness that surrounded him. Then, he swore he heard a short burst of a distinctive crunching sound that followed.
The vampire nest was one of the bigger ones the Winchester brothers had ever seen. They had spent a total of three hours running around an entire houseboat complex, jumping from boat to boat and lobbing heads off of hungry vampires.
“You’re welcome,” Jack nodded.
Crowley’s voice came through the speaker, annoyed. “
“I appreciate it,” Dean nodded. “We all do.”
Dean waited nervously. Castiel smiled, and though it seemed a little forced, Dean didn't comment.
The brothers had driven through the night, back to Lebanon from some small backwoods town that Charlie had turned them on to upon hearing some “hunting noise” passing through. She had kept going, but insisted the brothers let her know if she were needed, and she would turn around.
As much as Ron wanted to rebel, he lowered his arm, and loosened his grip. The demon waited for a moment before taking off into the dark recesses of the nearest passageway away from Demontown. Ron sighed, trying his best not to hear the screams of the souls from the river nearby.
"I'm not sure I understand, Dean." Castiel cocked his head and Dean chuckled at the sight. It had been so long since Castiel had been utterly clueless.
The creature didn’t show itself again, but Dean knew it was watching. He felt rage seep through his body and tried his best to repeat his earlier actions. Only this time, a knife appeared in his right hand, rather than a spider. Dean clearly had more control now, knowing full well he could conjure things at will helped calm his nerves.
Jay is not a permanent OC of mine. He exists for the sole purpose of this chapter. Although, I can imagine he's the adventurous type. I also wanted somebody else to come in that looked like Cas to further solidify Dean's type. Jay also assumes Castiel is Dean's boyfriend at the end of this so there's that as well ;)
Clark sat under the shade of the tree towering above him.
What Dean was seeing weren’t fantasies. They were memories.
Dean grunted upon hearing more loud screeching in his ears and slowly reached his shaking hands up to cover them as his teeth ground together viciously.
His skin was practically on fire. In fact, it hurt for the air to even touch him. This was common, but he hadn’t expected it to come on so strong and so soon. Castiel pulled his coat closer to his body, and tried his best to keep his eyes away from the people he passed on the walk back home.
“Must have been some damn good medicine.” Sam replied, shocked at how fast the pills had worked, considering they were from the dollar store.
Rain. The smell of rain was strong right before Castiel left.
Dean was transported to another event fast. He hadn't had time to even process the first one. It all felt like a bad dream, just a bad dream that's all it was. Now he stood, with Holly behind him and a graveyard in front. In the distance was a group, huddled around one particular gravestone. The name etched into it was much too hard to make out and once again Dean felt like he was held back by a forceful invisible hand. He saw his family. He saw Future him, clutching Castiel's hand like it was an anchor. Castiel was as deathly pale as Future Dean. Sam and Gabriel stood slightly to the right. Dean could see the sadness evident in both of their eyes, the pure sadness inside of both of them. Titan's ears drooped and his head was downcast. Daniel clung to Future Dean's leg, leaning against it. He looked confused as hell. He looked scared too. Castiel placed a hand on his back; Dean could see he was trying to stay strong for Daniel.
