He laughed and said he’d take matching plaid shirts.
but none of us have been able to find it anywhere. Claire thought she found it, but it was sold out.
The essay was so good it brought me to tears.
Oh yeah, it’s Castiel.
Since she died, he’s thrown himself into his job more. At first, I thought it was just a phase when he started bringing his work home, but this phase has been going on for almost a year and a half now with no signs of stopping.
The rain started pouring even more when we stepped outside. So pretty much when we all got on the bus we were still soaking wet. I put on the shirt that said Kansas on it so I was a little dryer. I was sleepy on the way back but I stayed up to talk to Cas. I got to take a peek at a project he was doing for art class.
Kissing him was different than kissing any other girl. Cas gave me ones that were rougher. Not complaining. I’ve also started noticing that he likes to give me these pecking kisses sometimes.
I think we collectively just need a moment of silence for this unfortunate choice that she has made.
Last night was something else. I’ll admit that it wasn't the first time I thought of Cas that way. I think I started having these conflicting thoughts at the beginning of the summer. Specifically when we were chilling and listening to music on his bed that one night. I couldn't explain why it was that night.
See, we know how to be independent. I hang out with my diabuddies and Cas sometimes hangs out with his friend Hannah, who also skates and is in school for business.
So, we’ve been back to school since the first week of September.
Yikes.
That flu and the d-bag really kicked my ass.
Dean.
He’s smart, but sometimes he can be an airhead about certain things.
Cas and his dad still hang out from time to time. Layla and he are supposed to be visiting us in February. They’ve gotten closer over the years but Cas definitely holds back parts of himself which is understandable but at least he tries. I’m just glad they even have a relationship.
First I checked the diner but didn't see his car in the usual spot. I was happy that I had more time to think about what all I was going to say to him. I was pretty much a ball of nerves when I reached his house. I sat in his driveway, I shit you not, just practicing all that I had come up with.
A week later we had the funeral.
I just never thought he was this indecisive...
Which is exactly what I told him.
Then he tagged on that I was all his now.
He dropped his pencil, rolled out his hand and rubbed his wrist hoping to alleviate the cramp in his hand. Dean looked at the small chip in the corner of the window. It was bigger than it had been two months ago. Probably having to do with all the snow they’d been getting recently.
I present to you the final chapter. With original art by me. Carry on.
I thought everyone had been asleep until I heard a knock on my door. I tried to say go away, but it wouldn’t come out.
Going into 9th grade was a bit of a rough transition. Plus, I hadn’t lost over 14 pounds since I had begun and instead of “progressing”, I gained a couple of pounds back. That was a low blow, and I began binging and purging sometimes 2-3 times a day. I’d go back and forth between times where I would throw up more, and times where I would eat less.
We left after Sam kept shivering. I keep telling that kid he needs to eat more but he doesn't listen.
I went to bed at 155 and steady the night before, which was pretty good, maybe a little high for bed, but not by much. Went to bed anyway. Woke up a few hours later feeling pretty thirsty, but when I checked my phone and it was still at 155, so I drank some water and went back to bed. Woke up again at around 2 AM and my first two thoughts were, “wow why does my stomach hurt?” and then “am I going to puke?”.
We made sandwiches out of that loaf. Everyone didn't believe him and just thought he bought the bread at the store. If I hadn't seen all 14th attempts with my own eyes, I would’ve thought he was lying too.
Gotta say, I was pretty fucking excited.
Jesus… the texture alone was enough to make me gag.
We got the news that Cas had come out of surgery at 12:30 pm, Kaia had just settled into the room. I was running back and forth to both rooms until Cas told me to just facetime him so he could be in the room too.
Benny, Kevin, and Bela didn't help when they were telling me stories of when they got theirs taken out. Benny ended up telling his dad about the time he got shitfaced when he was 16, which he denied later when his dad asked him about it. Kevin said he recited SAT vocabulary definitions the whole time. Bela said her face swelled up a ton.
Afterward, we ended up watching a few Christmas movies while Dad and Bobby made some hot chocolate. Ellen thought to make a sugar-free version, which definitely wasn't the same, but I appreciate it since my numbers were running a little high. I was getting used to no sugar drinks, but nothing beat the real stuff.
Also, I wasn’t allowed to go to the bathroom an hour after dinner. To add on top of the shit show, my mom ended up changing her hours to be able to be home when I was home. She was the one who would take me to and from group therapy.
Sammy didn't care that Cas and I were dating. He got along pretty well with Cas before we started dating. He told us to keep the PDA to a minimum if he were around.
For the tremors to stop.
Yes, that happened... and I’ll never let him live that one down. We’ve been meaning to try it again but just haven’t gotten the chance yet.
Close though.
I just wanted to end the letter off with a simple I love you. I hope to tell you that someday.
I was going to give her money to fix it but she said she was getting a new phone in the next months anyway so now she gets to pick the music when we drive.
Show off.
My diabetes management was actually going better than I expected. Some days my levels were good enough where I didn’t need a lot of insulin. I thought this meant that I was starting to get good at it, but my endocrinologist says that I may be going through the honeymoon phase. Basically, sometimes after diagnosis, diabetics go through this phase where their pancreas is working just a little bit. Enough so it seems like we need less insulin. I mean, it's made the adjustment period nice I guess but the name is misleading. It’s actually like a freaking see-saw. Just when I think it’s under control and I start feeling okay, BAM I have another low out of nowhere and sometimes in the middle of the night or in the shower.
She likes cookie crisps thanks to Sam.
Going through these letters, a lot has changed over the years but some things are the same.
The morning of the trip was pretty hectic. We ended up waking up half an hour late for the airport. It was a good thing that Cas suggested we pack up the car the night before or we’d be kind of screwed. While we were checking in our bag Cas thought he forgot his passport for a little bit but it was slid down to the bottom of his backpack.
Hey Jerk,
If I could go through all of my favorite memories of you I would, but I don't think I’d have enough time for all of that. So I’ll give you the short version.
He had heard stories of others who had tried the forbidden and cut the markings out, but they were always found and punished. Dean had always understood it as was something that went deeper than skin.
We didn't stop holding hands till we got off the ride and we didn't talk about it either.
So I just sat there with my head in my hands and just muttered fuck over and over because it was 3:30 in the morning and all I wanted was to be asleep. I was running on under 3 hours of sleep and I felt pukey.
So, the first thing Cas and I did was go to the movies. Cas had been talking about the movie A Dog's Way Home since he saw the trailer for it in October. We got extra butter on our popcorn, I got him some jelly beans, which again he only ate the orange ones.
Now I can't stop thinking about it looking like a leech.
Figures.
This burning sensation in my fingers reminded me of my favorite childhood memory.
He said he wasn't gay.
“How could a person experience fear and passion and love without a one?”
He said he had been an idiot.
It's been going pretty good so far.
Not to sound like a dick, but it's been a nice little break from everything with Cas’ mom. She’s doing a little better. She’s up on her feet again in a treatment facility and is doing great so far. Nick is long gone. Has been since the week after she was admitted into the hospital. I think that had more to do with the fact that Cas told him if he ever stepped anywhere near his mom, he’d be the one in that hospital bed next time.
I regretted both times.
I just got back from the Lake at Bobby and Ellen’s house with Jo, Sam, and Cas. Ellen even made us some sandwiches. The water was still pretty cold, but once you got in, it was okay.
TRIGGER WARNING: DEPICTION OF PAST Eating Disorder. If this is a trigger for you, then scroll to the endnote and I will give you a short summary about what happened. Also below you’ll find some resources if you or anyone you know may be struggling with an eating disorder. Or if you would like to learn about different types and how to help someone who struggles with one. It's not just a female problem, males also have it and it may look different in different people. This is NOT meant to glorify eating disorders AT ALL.
I sometimes forget that he also has access to my numbers from his phone. Brought me back to high school when he’d used to wake me up when I was high or low.
for that awesome fanart they did in chapter 28!
When my aunt and I found her in a heap in front of Anna’s room a week later, clutching the cross necklace, we decided to start taking the room down. I was sad when the once light pink room was white again. It just made me think of Anna. When I see anything close to that color I just go back to thinking about how I never got to know her.
I told him no, and that there were a ton of things that were confusing, but that Cas wasn't one of them.
That’s when I knew it had to be some pretty big fucking news. It wasn't the whole “I messed up” part, but the name he used. The last time he called me brother like that, he was telling me he was moving to New Orleans and not going to college and the time before that, he was telling me he spilled his goddamn protein shake while he was in Baby.
But anyway, I looked up a picture of the Stilinski's later that night. They didn't really look like they performed lobotomies… but I guess nobody looks like that.
This was a shorter chapter as it was surprisingly difficult to write the confrontation between Dean and Cas, so I'm leaving that for the next chapter. ;)
Something about failure, something about no more.
“Yes,” Cas allows his annoyance to bleed into the words. Dean looks up at him in surprise. “He will not let me put him to sleep. I do not understand why. He is very bored with watching you and Bobby.”
“What do you mean?”
“We expecting one?,” the Singer man turns his whole body towards Castiel.
It is three demons and they are very easy to kill. Castiel sends their vessels back to the places from which they were abducted. He feels Jimmy Novak shifting. Jimmy Novak does not enjoy it when Castiel burns demons out of existence. He has said that it makes him mourn for their vessels, given they weren’t even given a choice about their possession the way Jimmy was. Castiel has never thought of it like that. The thought would not help him be a better soldier, so after a moment he discarded it to the side. That made Jimmy more uneasy. He has also grown bored. He has said that he expected the angels needed his help with a battle, or for some other glorious purpose, not to sit around looking at two men read books all day. Castiel offered to put him to sleep, but this scared Jimmy for some reason. He preferred to be an awake observer.
(1) Dean Winchester is the Righteous Man, the Sword of Michael, the Breaker of the First Seal, except that he isn’t.
Uriel’s words make it seem like a fight is coming. Castiel is not surprised the demoness managed to get through his wards; they have not been redone since Balthazar left, and have been losing power. They still informed Castiel of the breach, but with his new orders he could not leave to stop her, and explaining the situation to the Winchesters would mean explaining about the wards.
“We ain’t killing Bobby,” Dean says, as if that was the topic of discussion. His hand is now under his jacket on what Castiel remembers is a knife that has already been in his chest once. Why Dean would find it reassuring, Castiel cannot imagine.
“He’s gone to the store for us before, when we were really in need,” Bobby interjects, shooting Castiel a quick look. “It’s been mighty helpful, give how far away we are from a store, and how he prefers us not to go too far.” Another glance at Cas.
Dean Winchester looks up at him in surprise. The breathing becomes uneasy for Castiel again. To surprise a visitor from the future, after all, is an achievement.
“No, Dean Winchester, I will talk now. My mission is to protect you. At the sight of danger, knowing there was another soldier here to protect your family, I took you away from the field of battle. At your insistence I returned to lend them my strength, and despite my order you decided to - how’d you say it -“
, he repeated.
Castiel asks, because if an angel sent him back it must have been for an important reason.
Castiel turned to look at Dean. He was glowing, literally. Light was flowing through him in waves, pushing the spell’s hold further and further into his body. It was too late. The spell was too strong.
Dean almost finds out about Cas's angel blade, and in his rush to make sure Dean doesn't, Cas implies... something. Jimmy isn't too happy though it's completely his fault.
“I did not claim him,” Castiel interjects.
, Sam rasps out. He coughs. Dean doesn’t look at him.
“I just need some air!,” Dean yells back at him, but Castiel barely hears it. He barely hears anything because Uriel reappears in front of him. Between him and Dean. Dean, who is still walking. Castiel unfolds his wing as much as he can.
Like it’s a habit, Dean opens and closes his mouth again. Does he need to do it from time to time to breathe enough air into his lungs? Castiel is certain his lungs are in a perfect condition, all of the previous damage due to polluted air repaired. Previous humans Castiel have met have not done it either. Maybe it’s a new fashion?
He wanted them to see.
Ruby laughs at this.
Later, when he joins them in Bobby’s office, nobody asks why he needed to leave the room to talk to Jimmy. It’s really a marvel how often they forget he isn’t human.
“You were the only angel there,” Dean says, shaking Cas’s hand off. The movement displeases Cas, but he shakes the feeling off himself. His priority is to keep Dean safe. He looks Dean in the eyes.
“No. I send them back to their last location before possession,” Castiel answers. He wishes Dean would go and leave Cas before he notices the blade. Cas has so far managed to not tell the men what the Angel Blade is or disclose any means of harming an angel. He would like to continue on that way.
“Once he is released, it would gain you incredible favour to have tamed Michael’s vessel,” he says. “I will help you and gain favour myself. They will fight for us.”
Castiel raises his hand to show Dean to, how he would say it,
“Dean!” Castiel yells, hoping that his annoyance will be read as relevant to their argument.
you instead of
“What???”
“No,” Dean answers.
, Dean starts and forces his mouth shut. But the light in his body shines brighter and Castiel can see the spell is stronger than Dean’s will, not because Dean’s will is not strong, but because it is his desire. The urge to say it comes from within him, the hope behind it comes from within him.
That is Michael. Dean is looking at Cas expectantly. Sam and Ruby are on the floor, probably unconscious. Dean is looking at him. Castiel knows that
“What might we expect?,” Bobby asks quickly.
Older Dean seems to also have trouble breathing. Tears come to his eyes. He takes back the hand that was on Castiel’s shoulder, but it suddenly becomes clear to Castiel that he cannot be allowed to do so. Castiel grabs that hand and puts it back.
“Then can you beam back and help them?,” Dean whispers, suddenly aware of the passers-by.
As you can see, I've ignored all the seals breaking - Raising of Witnesses etc. In this time, Castiel has put all sorts of protections on the house and nothing can break through to them.
Something about love.
” in such a voice that Sam was stopped in his tracks. It was Ruby who cut the creature’s hand off, causing it to yell out in pain and stumble away from the three of them. The unattached hand dropped to the floor, releasing Dean. A rune was etched into him. The rune said, in rough translation “I am the servant of Dionysus”.
He means Michael and Lucifer. He looks at Castiel. He smiles, as if they’re sharing a joke. He looks Dean up and down, evaluating. Checking what he’s worth.
But Castiel felt when she crossed the wards, so if anyone followed her, Castiel should have felt that to, shouldn’t he have?
Dean, unfortunately, needs something from the cupboard right next to Castiel. He moves closer. Castiel stops breathing, wanting Dean to forget he’s even there, but he achieves the opposite; having closed the cupboard Dean pauses and looks at Cas oddly.
Before Castiel can answer, Dean moves again in the direction of the door.
. Uriel sends back.
“A part of your -,” Dean looks at Sam before staring at Cas again. “Hold up, hold up. I am your mission, right, Cas? Cause that’s what you said, and now that seems to be a lie.”
Cas says, and before Sam can add anything, his leg rights himself and he can feel the remnants of holy grace in his body. It feels like a promise, like a drug. Sam can’t help but compare it to demon blood. It’s opposite, it’s cold but warming where demon blood was warm but isolating. It makes him feel like a child - no, like he is safe, being taken care of - where demon blood made him feel powerful. It does, however, have the same potential for being addictive. Sam licks his lips out of habit before he remembers he hasn’t been drinking.
“Sammy, let the angel pass,” Dean interrupts. Sam turns his attention to Dean, worry in his eyes.
“When you imagine them fighting, who do you see winning?,” Uriel asks.
Within the week, Dean and Bobby find about a third of Castiel’s proposed protections in their books, and allow him to put only those up. They watch him as he paints them, but of course Castiel does the rest of the spells anyway. They will need them. The sigils are more difficult, because he requires Bobby’s blood for them, and he does actually need to physically paint them. He subjects Bobby to several paper cuts, and then a rather unpleasant rat bite, so that he can siphon the necessary additional blood. To put them on the walls Castiel has to extend his Grace to paint the sigil, simultaneously making sure he’s doing it right and checking neither of the men is looking at it at the time. It takes him over a week to paint the secret sigils; he finds that the men create the best possible circumstances for him willingly, as long as he listens to their long speeches about cars they lay under in the yard.
On the other side of the world, the angel Uriel leads Castiel’s garrison for the time being. They kill the dragons which were preparing to break a seal. It is the first fight out of twenty they won. Uriel is not the greatest leader; he is good at raising cities to the ground, at punishment, but not as great a strategist, not as great at prevention. Michael is pleased; soon, so very soon, his brother will be returned to be killed again.
“This is Sammy, okay? And Bobby. I’m not leaving stuff to the imagination. Take me back,” Dean says, taking a step closer to Castiel. Cas can see a couple of passers-by look their way.
“So that’s your little home. Saturn?”
Castiel's wards fade, and Ruby manages to break through and reach the house, with Alistair following close behind. Uriel is sent to help Castiel fight, and the truth about Sam's extracurricular activities is revealed. In the chaos, Castiel has to cover Dean with his wing to keep him safe, and accidentally binds them together.
“He’s a vessel,” Balthazar says to him. “My guy? He’s on a beautiful beach, drinking cocktail after cocktail, watching sunrise after sunrise with his long dead wife. A nice, long vacation until I leave him.”
was the intention, but it didn’t even make it into his thoughts.
Uriel does not respond again. Castiel could lie to Dean. He could say all is fine, walk with Dean through this park for the next hour, and then fly back to Sioux Falls to see the aftermath. Something makes Castiel uneasy at that thought. That would be the best way to continue his mission; he has his charge with him and out of danger. He is not meant to leave his side. However, Bobby and Samuel are in danger, and that is not a pleasant thought to Cas, even though he should be indifferent to what happens to them. Uriel is there, yes, but so is Alistair, and Castiel is the one who sneaked past Alistair to steal Dean out. He has seen what Alistair is capable of.
Oh yeah, Michael is coming.
“Castiel,” Samuel Winchester says, noticing him. Castiel is surprised to see the man straighten at the sight of him and a small smile come to Samuel’s lips.
“You’ve got no right to give me orders, man. Now let me go.”
- because that’s what the previous onslaught on his senses must have been - allow him that? How did Dean?
“Whenever I left them, I would check on them. Made sure they were rewarded for their aid to Heaven.”
“Dean,” Cas says.
Castiel turns. Jimmy, who’s been quiet for the longest time, pushes at Castiel’s Grace with his attention. Balthazar looks mighty. He is wearing a tall, new vessel, and has dressed that body in his own battle armour. In the fourteenth century a lot of the angels who walked the Earth had created armours for their vessels, with intricate decorations representing the angel’s name or part of its true form. Many had been on Earth at that time, and it was easy to recognise another that way. It also served a more private purpose - some angels had to stay in vessels for a long time, and as the armour had been forged by their own Grace, it kept them closer to their true form. As it has been forged by their own Grace, it was beautiful, on the verge of what human eyes could see.
“You break my heart, Cassie,” Balthazar says, and does indeed put a hand over his vessel’s heart and mimics fainting. “I thought we were more than that.”
“You’re okay?” Dean’s concerned now. He looks Castiel up and down, the same way he did after the first time Castiel disappeared to kill demons.
“You were not meant to do this,” Cas says, angry. Dean tries to take another step and fails, again.
Uriel says to Castiel and Castiel only, half smiling.
“That my family is in now!,” Dean says, frustrated, and physically turns away from Cas. He looks at their surroundings for the first time. “Where are we?”
Michael must do better.
“She’s not my ‘chick’,” Sam adds, not moving.
“But that’s your name? Cassiel?,” Robert Singer continues, as if solving a puzzle.
Castiel flies back to the house. Jimmy flinches. Jimmy hates flying; disappearing from the earthly plane of existence and appearing on it again in a different place. Walking back from the border that the demons appeared at would take too much time, so Castiel ignores Jimmy. It’s an annoying balance in their cohabitation; Jimmy declines to go to sleep and Castiel declines to stop shifting between the spheres.
“Can I use your phone?,” he asks. Who knows how long he’ll get to be in charge of his own body.
“Okay. Maybe I believe you,” he says. “Where is Cas?” Jimmy looks up into his eyes. The man
Another moment of silence, and then Cas responds with a cautious
Balthazar is drinking beer. Dean and Sam are sitting on the sofa, Bobby in a chair behind his desk and Balthazar on the kitchen table he must have moved into the exact middle of the room himself. He looks right at Dean, brings the beer bottle to his mouth, and drinks it all.
There is no precedence to this. There is no way Castiel knows to undo his actions. His wing is burned to Dean’s arm because his Grace must have joined with Dean’s soul during the flight. Castiel must have held him too close, and Dean -
Joshua, of course, would understand nothing of this.
After Dean looks at him some more Castiel mimics the nodding motion the Singer man used. This seems to be what Dean was looking for. He does the same at Castiel, licks his lips, and sighs before going in. With one leg inside the house, he turns back.
Dean regains consciousness but he's not sure why he fell unconscious in the first place. The pieces of the puzzle come back to him slowly.
All goes down the same way. Still the demons gossip, but that is not something Michael can control, but it does not matter this time for there is no one alive to be a threat to the plan. No one who listens to demons, anyway. Sam Winchester tries again, and Michael makes a note that Gabriel is useless, but this time so is Samuel.
, and Dean - Dean fell to his knees and looked up and there was something in his eyes, he knows it. There was something in his eyes that Cas was looking for, or otherwise he wouldn’t have smirked the way he did.
As Castiel transfers his grace to Dean’s body, he can hear Michael’s rage, but the archangel cannot hurt his True Vessel and interfering in this could be damaging. Cas sees nothing but Dean’s eyes, and then he’s behind them.
They drive into a salvage yard. They park the car. Robert Singer gives him a long look, sighs, and gets out of the car. Castiel waits for when Dean Winchester does it, and then he mirrors his actions. Walks two steps behind him. Once he’s up the stairs to Robert Singer’s house, Dean Winchester turns around and stares Castiel down.
Sam hits the floor. Dean does not try to run to him, which is good, because Castiel realises he cannot take his wing back. Somewhere during the flight Castiel has burned his wing to Dean’s arm.
“Relieve me?”
“I presumed that this was to be our abode. Thank you for the confirmation.”
Everyone’s attention turns to Castiel’s blade, which is in full view. This is not right. They cannot know. Castiel pushes it deep into his pocket.
“You’ve claimed him,” Uriel says slowly.
‘My vessel’s name was Dean,’ you concede, dangle it like meat in front of a dog. Maybe that will make it angry. Make it pounce.
“What?,” Dean says, turning on his heel to look at Cas.
was coming back - and Dean grabbed me. I had no time to respond, I had to protect him. I reached too far, too strongly. It can be reversed, in the angelic plane,” Castiel says convincingly. As long as you’re confident in what you say, humans will believe you. He’s learnt that from Dean’s films.
“Sammy, let him do it. It’s fine, okay. Really, it’s just this wave of energy, feels like you’ve breathed in really deeply is all. Doesn’t hurt.”
“As you both say, there’s plenty to talk about, but could we start with Sam’s demon?,” he asks.
“In the kitchen. After you killed the demons outside. I was taking whiskey,” Dean licks his lips.
, he whispers. Castiel has no idea what he means.
“Is that brewery…. holy?,” Bobby Singer asks.
“Maybe you should take up walking,” Dean chuckles.
?,” Uriel asks, focusing on the fact Castiel referred to his charge by name. He turns to look at Castiel, a half smile on his face. Uriel might be young, but he is no human. He knows there is no known way to undo the bond.
“That is unfortunate for you,” Castiel adds.
“I’m not,” Jimmy says with a rasp. He hasn’t spoken in so long.
He’s fine.
, the man says once he looks at Castiel again. He keeps his voice low and takes another step towards Castiel, possibly to make sure that the angel can hear him, but Castiel has perfect hearing. He can hear the cars rounding the other side of the park. If he wants, he can hear young Sam Winchester shifting in the parked car he has been left in. He can hear the present Dean walk through the grass to the park exit. This Dean’s forward movement is unnecessary. Castiel takes a step towards him.
“Yes,” Castiel answers honestly. He has been on most of the planets and stars. All of them incredibly interesting in their differences, although not all had enough alive creatures to warrant his stay. “ The view of the sun is something different.”
“That is inaccurate. I have been appointed as your angel and guardian -“
Something about being a god. Something about a successful coup. Something about power.
all those faces turning, but you won’t let yourself look. You’ve walked five steps, ten steps, fifteen, and Crowley is finally moving as well, but you can feel the weight of all those eyes solely on you again. You turn around.
To get him back, I put a chicken bouillon cube in the showerhead. I love the sweet sound of a very angry Sam. Imagine his surprise when he realized the towel he was going to be drying off with had gelatin powder on it. When he finally got out, I was sitting eating cereal and wiping away tears from my eyes.
Ever since then, I’ve been going to the gym a lot. Dad thinks I still go with Benny which isn't a complete lie.
I gotta say, I am damn good with that grill. It’s like the grill and I are one, I’m telling you. If you want steaks, burgers, chicken? I got your ass.
Bitch.
I also have this routine for mealtimes that make things a bit easier. They're good habits, don't worry. For breakfast, I eat eggs or toast, sometimes cereal. Cereal makes me spike later, so I don't eat it often. At lunch, I have some type of sandwich or leftovers. I also have snacks throughout the day like fruit or crackers depending on where I am. If I’m steady and not hungry, sometimes I don't have a snack. For dinner, I guess it just has to do with portions. It isn't always fool-proof, but it's a good routine. Sometimes I’ll just wing it depending on what my blood sugar is or if I just feel like winging it. Carb counting has also been a big thing. If I know I’m going to have something that's high carb, I’ll sometimes reduce the number of carbs for that day or just pre-bolus 50% before I eat then 50% after.
I love that I can see your freckles in the summertime even though you wished you didn't have them.
She asked me if I liked him.
Favorite part about it was that there was nothing green on it.
With finals, a rough patch with Cas, tornado season, graduation, I guess you could say things have been going a little crazy. We’re actually all at the beach right now but I’ll get to that later.
I was sent home with about half a dozen pamphlets (Sam ended up stealing those to read), a glucose monitor, about at least 50 paper test strip things, and these pens that had rapid and long-acting insulin in them. Rapid-acting was mostly before meals and pre-bolusing when I ate something that I knew had more carbs than usual. Like one cookie, probably not, but four? Definitely. Long-acting was to cover me when I wasn't eating like at night time and throughout the day.
Wouldn't recommend it though. Glucagon and having the flu have a tendency to make you feel pretty shitty afterward.
she woke up.
I’ve been dating Cassie Robertson since May. We’d been flirting since January though. In class, we always laugh when Ketch says the word “bloody”. It’s the funniest thing.
I think it was at that moment that I decided I couldn't let him go again. I needed to mend this relationship for myself. I had held onto this pain because I was afraid if I let it go, all this hurt I had experienced would have been for naught. That Michael would get off scot-free. But I was wrong.
Aunt Tessa would make her food, but she would never eat much. She never had much energy to do anything. Aunt Tessa and I were mainly the ones to decorate Anna’s room actually.
I told him I’d find them all and we’d watch them.
Finally, that convinced him to leave and here we are.
When you were 13, we went on the best camping trip with your Mom and Sammy.
I still prick my finger to get the most accurate reading, but it's nice not having to do it as much.
We stood by my door for a little while just staring at each other. And then, I’m not sure who did what first, but we just started kissing. Then, one thing led to the next, and then before I knew it, we were together in bed naked. And it felt almost like old times again, but I knew after, it would still be the same. After, we laid next to each other for a long while but didn’t talk.
“Nah, that’s not what this is, buddy. You’re not coming inside.”
“And now it’s gone. It’s been severed. The bond’s been made,” Jimmy explains. Objectively, it is interesting to see. Subjectively, he feels jealous. He is Castiel’s only bloodline vessel and yet here is another good enough.
Castiel didn’t object to being called
, Joshua speaks.
have most. It is only a matter of time,” Uriel says.
He did not know why they allowed her to stay with them. She was, in the end, the demon which lead Sam all the way to Lucifer’s cage. Castiel would have smitten her upon meeting her if he did not have more pressing things to do in that moment.
, Castiel tries.
, the angel says.
. Over an angel that kept so many secrets from him.
“About that sword, knife, blade perhaps,” he says, half apologetic, half demanding.
Suddenly bells are heard throughout all of Heaven, all of Heavens, and Michael is surprised. Angry. Only 30 years. Only 30 years and he already broke. What a slight to his title of a Righteous Man, that he can no longer hold back, he can slight Hell for no longer than mere Earthly 3 months. If Michael can find the Grace to remove everyone’s memories, remodel everyone’s minds every time as perfectly as the first time, Dean Winchester could hold for longer. His resolve has more than halved. Michael briefly wonders if the man truly is worthy.
‘Curse?,’ you interrupt it, because there is this softness again, a promise of better things to come, but you are hell’s soldier, there are no better things an angel can give you.
“No, the blood needs to be fresh,” Castiel agrees.
cursed rapiers, and blessed blades, and nothing works. They’ve let Castiel open his shirt, so at least it’s just the body he needs to sow back up.
“Hiya, Sammy,” Dean rasps.
Then, more memories -
“We’re not running an open house,” Bobby Singer grits through his teeth.
“Right, so in battle, the body gets hurt, but they are - their soul - does not?” Dean relaxes and tilts towards Cas, his interest growing.
“Move out of my space, oh Castiel,” Dean says. Dean never calls him Castiel.
“Ease up, Sammy. he’s done it before.”
“Yeah, right. Ain’t no such thing. If you’re an angel than I’m the Virgin Mary.”
“Yes, return,” Balthazar says out loud, whilst to Castiel he adds
!, he yelled, pushing Ruby away from him at the same time. Sam was far away from him for some reason, but he was next to Cas, yes, good, Cas could get Sammy away. Dean couldn’t stop what his mind was doing but he could minimise the damage.
Michael is immensely satisfied with him.
Dean suddenly does not want to see what fury would look like on a Cas with godlike strengths and abilities.
Sam does not look at Bobby, but Dean does.
Ruby points at the wall the witch was squirming on. There is a pile of black ash by it, distinct from the grey that’s swirling around them. So the witch got burned. Boo-hoo.
Castiel sighs. He stands up again, turns the lights down with his Grace and unfolds his wings. Samuel looks at him in awe. Bobby, as always, with guarded interest. Dean tries not to look. “I am an Angel of the Lord, Dean Winchester, and you have been chosen from the flock to be saved and protected. Accept it.” Castiel has done this four times already. Every time he is sincere. Every time he thinks Dean will finally accept it, and every time brings Dean closer, Castiel knows this, because he relaxes in Cas’s presence more. It is still unnerving that Dean prefers to look away rather than at the proof of Castiel’s existence.
Cas looks at Dean, who’s standing in front of him with clenched fists. He looks at the flowers and the beauty of the garden. He takes a step back and focuses on Dean again.
“They have Uriel.”
“I was reading one of Bobby’s books on malevolent spirits after you went to sleep last night. There was a quite interesting chapter on New Delhi.”
“Dean, this is ridiculous,” Castiel tells him. Dean straightens up at the sound of his voice, and Cas can feel Bobby and see Sam do the same out of the corner of Jimmy’s eyes. Sam is still in the same spot to which Uriel threw him. “If I left Jimmy, he would be in full control of his body and mind. He would also remember what happened; remember you.”
Michael is satisfied with this angel.
No demon will make a deal with Sam Winchester, but an old witch will. An old witch does, and no soul is necessary for the purchase. This is survival. Sam Winchester at the helm, drunk on demon blood, burns demons from existence, and an old witch follows. An old witch breaks into Hell and steals Dean Winchester’s soul, because it is still just another one on the rack, because no one is guarding it yet, because the demons are dying outside around Samuel.
“The Apocalypse. There are too many possible seals for us to stop them. They already
“Okay, right. Um - regardless of - whatever that was - thanks for dragging my ass out of Hell, I guess, but bottom line buddy, you’re not sticking around and watching me. This here?,” Dean waves his hands around, pointing at random objects in sight. “Creature-free place. I didn’t make any deals with you, whatever you are, so you can’t hold me to them. You appear here again, and we’ll shoot and throw everything that kills a supernatural creature at you until we hit the jackpot. Fair warning. Be - gone.” He waves his hands again, as if he were shooing away an animal.
, Michael asks him calmly.
Cas and Dean Winchester are watching some film Dean has put on. Castiel does not show he’s felt anything, because Dean Winchester is meant to know nothing.
Dean’s head is pounding. He’s taken A HIT, HE’S FALLING, HIS BODY IS ON FIRE. HIS -
, Dean said, which meant Bobby was waking up. Castiel looked down at him, really looked at him for the first time since they entered the warehouse, and he realised Bobby was not just bait, he was a disguise.
(6) Michael does not have favourites amongst Heavens, but he is once again filling the Winter Palace with his being. The angel Castiel is beneath him, not yet in a vessel, suspended in space. If they were humans, he would be bowing.
“No. But in the vehicle you said that you do not appreciate my long explanations, therefore I am adjusting.”
, Dean says, and laughs. His eyes crinkle. He looks happy.
, Uriel sends in thought and turns again to look at Dean, who has reached the front door.
And then he disappears. All the air leaves Dean’s body at once.
Dean commanded, Dean pleaded, Dean said with difficulty.
“We haven’t actually established he’s an angel yet,” Dean says. “No concrete proof.”
“It will happen,” he says.
“We ain’t cutting him open,” Dean punctuates every word, as if this is something he needs to explain to Castiel. Castiel just looks at him, hoping to understand why Dean has such troubling thoughts. Castiel has elegantly hidden memories of Hell from him. It wasn’t exactly Michael’s orders, but Castiel decided that if he is to protect the Righteous Man and keep him safe it would follow that keeping him in a state of comfort would be the best way to reach that goal. Dean Winchester, however, seems to have an aversion to comfort. He does not want Castiel to heal his tired body. He does not accept he is important enough to warrant Heaven to look after him. He does not believe angels exist, when he has been given a proof most definite that many pray for every day. Maybe his mind is rejecting the comfort of forgetting as well.
Except that the demons get too excited, too confident, except that they start talking amongst themselves of how close he is to breaking, how he
‘What do we have here,’ you hear from behind you, and you stop. It’s Crowley.
“A - what?,” Singer says. “Look, we have more important things to do right now. The shit that just happened, the shit that your angel said just before he disappeared -” Singer lists and points at the blade “- what this is -”
“No, I -,” Sam starts, and pauses himself. He forces a laugh. “Maybe I’m just becoming a lightweight”
When he is satisfied, he stops. He only has to speak
“He’s talking to Jimmy,” Dean says.
You look straight into its human eyes, force yourself to focus on its vessel, because as much as seeing its true form doesn’t kill you, it might just drive you mad. Good. Focus on the human vessel.
The third week is when Samuel Winchester arrives. Castiel can smell him when he gets within two miles of the house. The demon blood in his stomach, his veins, it beats the same as within any demon. Louder, even, in the way of predators, like a warning. I am the thing that can overpower a demon. I am the thing that can immobilize it when it’s still alive. I can cut its vessels veins and keep the demon from escaping. Fear me. Know me. Of course, demons themselves aren’t able to smell him, and angels wouldn’t fear him, so the beat doesn’t really fulfill its purpose.
At this, two of the demons fighting Uriel turn back and go towards Dean. Castiel cannot let this happen, and he materialises his Angel Blade into the end of the wing covering Dean. The wing is still invisible, so the demons don’t expect the searing light and end of the blade that welcomes them when they get close enough. Seconds later, they lay on the floor.
Cas’s, or rather Jimmy’s stomach seems suddenly smaller, and it becomes more difficult to facilitate breathing in this body. It’s unlikely Jimmy has noticed, as he is still in the dream Castiel created for him. He wouldn’t feel or remember anything that was happening. The man continues, unaware of Castiel’s sudden bodily issues.
Dean lets him go up, and that is all for the next hour.
The eyes on Dean’s face widen.
Castiel appears in his vessel, kneels.
There is a moment of silence as Dean opens and closes his mouth, trying to say something. Castiel angles his head to the side. What is Dean’s issue? If he won’t say it, Castiel can’t fix it.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
, Jimmy suggests. “- hitch a ride.”
“I do not,” Cas confirms, and this gets Dean’s attention. He sits straighter, his torso moving towards Cas out of its own accord. A spark of interest in Dean’s soothingly green eyes.
‘Will you be a good God, Cas?,’ he asks.
“I need to inform you that I am, in fact, staying. Robert Singer, your house is woefully unprepared for a hoard of demons attacking at the same time. I will require your assistance to improve your chances of surviving such a siege.”
‘I can do whatever I’ve always wanted to do, with no constrictions on me. Not moral dilemmas that plague humans, nor lacking strength -’ you pick up an iron bar that’s laying on the ground, because there’s always some trash like this in back alleys like this one.
Dean does everything he can to keep his mouth shut, but the pull of the spell flows like a current through his body, from his hand into which the witch etched the rune, to his heart, to his tongue. He will not be able to stop himself forever, and there is no antidote. He will call Michael down.
, he thought at Cas, because if praying in his mind worked for Michael who was far away, it must work for Cas. He wanted to say
“Yeah, cause the sex is nothing.”
, Cas tells him i
Dean does that thing he does with swallowing, opening his mouth like a fish and not being able to find words to speak. Bobby checks the safety on his gun, which is probably the most surprising action, considering he should be aware by now the gun does nothing to angels.
Cas busies himself with cleaning off his Angel blade to avoid looking at the humans. He could clean it with his Grace in a millisecond, but what he needs is an escape.
DEAN IS ON FIRE HE IS FALLING -
Dean, Bobby and Castiel negotiate the rules of Castiel's stay with them. Cas's POV.
Would love any and all feedback you have <3
, he wanted to say
Silence.
‘I’m okay, Sammy,’ Dean says and gets up.
“Balthazar does not hate alcohol,” Castiel answers.
for her to point him in the right direction, and indeed, it is where Sam Winchester has hidden. When he goes to watch him, he realises the boy has been given too much time and grown too powerful, unlike his own vessel which is restless and unfocused. Sam Winchester walks as if he held Lucifer already. Much too much power. Much too easy to sway and influence for Michael’s brother.
‘Dean?,’ Sam asks, walking towards him. He’s so tall he’s now casting a shadow all over Dean, and Dean shuts his eyes for a moment. They’re all alive, him, Sam, and Bobby. That’s good. That’s good.
, it screamed.
Dean finally shuts up and raises his eyebrows.
When he returns, all three men are in Bobby’s office, looking through books. Jimmy sighs inside Castiel, and Castiel almost mimics the gesture. The demons got much closer than he would have liked - the sigils he put on the house need to be repainted to get back to their full power, the downside to painting them in secret. If they were painted willingly by the owner of the house, they would hold for as long as the human would. Painted unwillingly, they need re-powering, need reassurance that they’re wanted. Need reconnection to the owner of the house.
Dean stays on his knees.
Joshua turns his eyes on the siege, clearly looking for signs of something wrong; he does not know the very siege itself is a sign of the wrongness. It should have been finished so long ago, and by an angel now fallen. Only Michael knows this - Michael and HIM.
‘I know you’re still in there, Dean. Listen to me,’ it raises its human head, and it’s a fucking headache, seeing both of its forms at once. All those real eyes focused on you, both of the human eyes trying to reach your old soul on top of it all. So much attention, the weight of it is unbearable. The tenderness of it is unbearable. Why aren’t its eyes furious? Why aren’t you burning in the fire of heaven? You are a demon, after all.
Michael has a new plan for this time, one that has only one possibility going wrong, and he needs to ensure Castiel’s complete dedication if it is to succeed. He is the only thing that could go wrong. Angels aren’t meant to, but Michael remembers Anna. Michael is determined to ensure this is the last run.
‘It’s not a curse,’ you laugh in its face. ‘It’s a permission.’
“They’re demons. You’re hunters. Shouldn’t you always expect it?”
At 1:27pm the doorbell rings. The men look at each other, each grabbing a gun on their way to the door. Sam and Dean hide on opposite sides of the corridor and Cas stands right beside Dean. He knows what’s on the other side, but he cannot intervene, and he cannot tell them. Bobby opens the door and it’s a short, dark haired woman that Samuel recognizes instantly. Castiel knows her energy; she has been trying his wards ever since Sam has arrived, and until today has never managed to get through.
“My wing,” Cas answers, continuing to look angrily at Dean.
Uriel, as expected, ignores Dean.
“I can smell her blood in your veins, Samuel Winchester,” Uriel says, and Castiel stops breathing. He does not need to breathe, but it’s one of the habits angels take whilst in a human body. Jimmy stirs inside Castiel. Dean glances at Cas.
“More like a fucking racing car driven by a man on speed,” Jimmy says.
“That’s where his wing was attached to you,” Jimmy says and tilts his head to have a better angle on the arm. He can almost see it pulsating. After all, Castiel is not completely gone from him, so he is at least a little more sensitive to the other planes than regular humans.
Uriel looks at Castiel again and chooses English.
An UPDATE? In THIS economy? Fear not, I did not abandon you. Well, maybe a little. ;)
thought.
“Dean, we need to talk.”
“Seems too dangerous,” Dean whispers back, hands still crossed.
“Yeah, I guess, if you are the ocean you cannot imagine what being the fish is like. Huh,” Dean comments, refilling his whiskey glass.
“Cas?,” Sam pleads. His eyes are - Dean called them puppy eyes, once. Cas looks into them with the conviction he used to have as a garrison leader.
When Samuel knocks on the doors, Dean looks at Cas uneasily whilst Bobby goes to open the door.
“Samuel Winchester has been participating in his extracurricular activities for the past three months. I entered Hell to retrieve you after he had already begun and so was informed of his situation.”
. He closes his eyes to
“Yeah, he does,” Jimmy agrees. “I don’t.”
It is another week later before Sam Winchester falls down the stairs and vomits in Bobby’s basement.
“Oh fuck. Yeah, that happened. Makes sense you were so pissed about it if it messed us up,” Dean says and starts to come back. He almost looks guilty, but he is still too angry for it.
Magically change my mind? Mind control? Nice.”
(3) Lilith possesses the demon Ruby. Hellhounds run into the room. Dean Winchester’s soul is dragged to Hell. 80 years and the human breaks, 70 years and he is saved. This time, a garrison is stationed all around the little meadow he is meant to arise from. They face not one, not two, but a never-ending line of demons who must have been sent out after the Righteous Man. Hell does not take to losing too well, it seems. When it takes too long, Michael sends Raphael to deal with it. Apparently Raphael’s light makes Michael’s Sword faint.
“Do not worry, old man,” Balthazar responds. “I am here to look after you only until Castiel can return.”
“Is it really that hard for your little brain to accept that maybe angels are real? Two days ago you were dead. Gone. I’ve mourned you, boy. And now you’re here, walking and talking and looking fresh like you’ve come from some spa. If I ain’t supposed to freak at that, I ain’t gonna freak at an angel. That’s the best possible scenario of what dragged your ass out.”
, Sam says, as powerfully as he can from his position on the ground.
Sam wakes up after the archangel's visit, and is faced with an unexpected complication.
Ruby had not had the same sense of mind as Castiel to stay silent, and she had said “
“Your -”
“You’re making no sense. Start making sense or I’ll make ya,” Singer grunts out.
Dean - no, Cas - looks at him for a long while. Suddenly, he says
Castiel says no. He makes sure Dean confirms he means regular fire - “Yes, Cas, wood and sparks or a match, a lighter.” Dean does not mention holy oil, so Castiel’s answer isn’t a lie.
Castiel has to explain he does not sleep. After a whispered conversation in the kitchen that Castiel fully hears, Dean and Bobby decide to take turns sleeping. Bobby is awake first, and Castiel joins him in his research, because otherwise the man walks over to check Castiel is still there every five minutes. After Dean wakes up he comes to the office and tries to continue Bobby’s research for all of 20 minutes before giving up, moaning about it being 4am, and grabbing a beer. He grabs another one and stands it in front of Cas. Cas blinks at him.
A reminder of who he was.
The next 6 hours were fine. You just slept on and off. You drank some water and ate a little bit of chicken noodle soup to satisfy dad.
They ended up closing down the house to the public and had wanted to tear it down. Turns out the house was intertwined with so much legal stuff that they couldn't. Not even when weird stuff started happening to the people who had found Lydia’s and Stiles’ bodies. Some people called it haunted, others thought it was a hoax. After that people started finding a new normal and didn’t think about the tragedy again till a few months later.
We picked secret Santa names back at the beginning of the month. This year I got Jo. She’s a year younger than me. I never really know what to get her so I ended up getting her random things. One year I gave her a couple of magazines, another year I got her a pair of sunglasses and some ice tea. This year: scrunchies. Charlie said they were in this year.
Dean.
He should have stopped a couple of hours ago for the sake of his back, but he couldn't.
He also remembered how red Cas' face turned when they fucked for the first time at an abandoned fairground when they were 17.
Since I had already lost 10 pounds, an extra sandwich or an apple, at least in my mind at the time, was going to jeopardize that. The kids at school had even stopped calling me Dean-the-Bean, and girls started talking to me.
I think it’s cute that you have a diary, man.
The only thing that’s been bugging me about not having the pump is that I’ve woken up really low a handful of mornings. This isn't a huge deal, it’s pretty much like when I didn't have the pump. It's just been nice to sleep in and not have to worry about that all the time. I know my body a little more to watch for signs of highs and low and that's been helpful.
I was a pretty tough kid, but this went on for a couple of months. And when the 7th graders and a few of the 8th started whispering the nickname behind my back, something just snapped.
But I had feelings for Cassie. And now I have feelings for Cas.
Dean’s favorite thing was to watch his lover as he came undone like this. Loved the way that his cock was leaking, all because of Dean. Loved the way that he responded to his every touch. How his eyes squeezed shut. Loved the way his hair was wet with sweat. He loved that he was the only one who had and will ever see him this way. He loved that he will remember this moment forever.
Your mom liked pie more than I did. The bakery was out of her favorite pie, so your Mom decided to make an apple pie by herself. When it came out, I’ll admit it looked… special.
During our recovery, she once introduced me to these weird pills called laxatives and I still to this day don't know how she was able to get them into the facility. I did it once but it just wasn’t for me. I remember just talking to Sammy on the phone and feeling like he had known about me trying the laxative and I think that was the main reason I didn't try them again.
. Tasting the familiar saltiness on his tongue. There were many great places to mark but this had to be his favorite. When he lets go, he’s pleased that there's already a red spot beginning forming. He moved down to his collarbone and placed several kisses there how Cas likes it. Dean licked each hard nipple and gives them a hard suck. He kissed each nipple before going lower.
I knew she was gone and never coming back, but the feeling still hit me like a ton of bricks.
I wasn’t that hungry so I started off with coffee first. After that, I made us an omelet with goat cheese in it while Cas packed up our water bottles. Cas ended up having avocado with his omelet.
It’s tradition and I wouldn’t have it any other way.
Since we’ve been here, we’ve done a lot. First, we went to the art museum. I thought it was boring, but Cas loved it and seeing him get all excited was amusing. But the time we Truckhedge on our way from that college weekend visit was still better.
The little test strips are now littering my gym bag. Benny picked up one and ended up being grossed out when I told them what they were.
I kid you not.
At that point, we’d been dating for a year and he hadn't even let it slip out once.
He suddenly pulled me towards him and asked me to look at the sky, and if I saw what he saw.
The first time I had to inject myself with insulin it took a whole 5 minutes of me psyching myself out. I did the same thing with the finger pricks. Didn't hate needles, but didn't love them either.
Since then, we’ve been cruising. Marriage is at least 50 percent mostly just asking the other person what they want for dinner each night ideas about dinner.
Coach ended up making Benny the team captain. His brother Tim had also been captain his senior year too, so he was pretty excited about it. I gave Benny some black licorice to congratulate him.
Sam asked if he could drive a little, but I still haven't forgiven him for almost crashing Baby when I took him out for his 15th birthday in May. I don't think Baby has forgiven him either.
Anyway, last night, I pulled off the ultimate date night with Cas.
He said that was hard to believe since I’ve dated half the school. Which, not true. It’s been like… well I don't know the number right now but it hasn't been half the school. We fought about that for a little bit before he said that he was sorry that he had said that and that I could kick his ass if he were a dick ever again.
We were all just the same scared little kid we had always been.
So, I’ve been reading the
When you were 11, you and Sammy thought jumping on a bean bag would be a great idea because your favorite wrestler did it… till it exploded all over the living room. Little pieces of Styrofoam were everywhere for weeks. Mom didn't let you guys watch wrestling for months after that.
We truly had damn good timing that day.
Moving on to Kevin. He is now a crime scene investigator… kind of like the ones on tv but his title is a forensic linguist… if that's how you say it. Well, all I know is that he analyzes and translates anything from social media posts, or texts to emergency phone calls to help solve crimes.
Your number was at a 32 which was the lowest I'd ever seen them. We tried to get you to drink some more juice but you refused to even open your mouth.
He's kind of hilarious in the dry humor kind of way.
We kept our relationship a secret and still kept seeing each other. At the end of the summer, Dick stole some of his grandparent’s wine and we hung out in his grandpa’s barn. The wine wasn't nearly as good as I expected. It made me feel a little woozy, but I liked it. It was nice having the world slow down for a little while.
Fine, they were from me.
It was nice to be back on regular food again since I was eating things like applesauce and oatmeal. I have nothing against those two, but I prefer food that you actually have to chew before you swallow it.
Dad and I got into a heated argument about it tonight.
Thank you to my Betas: Thisismeroy (Tumblr), Nottodayjjk (Tumblr), Make_your_user_a_name (AO3)
He then decided to put his art up in a show a year ago and some really rich lady bought 3 of his paintings for her home and offered him a job as a curator.
There were four rooms at the beach house. Some rooms had two beds so Cas and I decided to share. And it was pretty much understood that Dorothy and Charlie were going to share too. We all promised each other to keep the PDA to a minimum. But nobody said anything about PDA when nobody was home.
After the room was back to white and everything else was gone, I took Anna’s stuffed mouse and dug a hole in the backyard. When I got ready to put the mouse in the ground, I found that I couldn't do it. I ended up breaking down. Everything came crashing down and I couldn't hold back my feelings anymore. My mom found me an hour later outside shivering despite the coat I had on and crying and clinging to that stuffed mouse.
They also had taken away my snack stash which I wasn't too happy about. Another new rule was that I wasn’t allowed to be in the bathroom for more than… I think it was 10 minutes… nope, it was 8 min.
I ended up liking the class better.
Well, I have to go, Kevin, Charlie, Cas and I are going to the lake soon, and I gotta make sure my supplies are all packed.
Pretty fucked up stuff.
They said I was in mild DKA and was put on IV’s and was there till 10 o'clock the next morning. Sam got a pass to spend the day home and he and I got caught up on a few episodes of Game of Thrones. Charlie recommended that one. We’re only in the second season. Dad tried to do both his work and watch at the same time. Ended up doing more watching than working and put his computer away.
The stuffed mouse he had gotten for his sister, Anna, all those years ago.
I think we learned that not everyone grieved the same way. Just because Sam seemed unaffected to me, didn't mean he wasn't.
I should warn you, It’s a lot.
She asked me how it was going and I kind of panicked and said “welcome to God of music… music store.“
I was wrong.
When he put the ring on my finger, he let out a sigh of relief. He said he was nervous that he had gotten the wrong size since it was tungsten and he couldn't get it resized.
“How can you be so hopeful?” Dean asked as he leaned into Cas’ touch.
That meant I had to be reintroduced to Oreos… ham and turkey sandwiches… pasta, chips, and salsa… God, the list was endless. Once you’ve thrown something up like that, it's hard to enjoy that food ever again if your intention isn't to eat a ton of it then puke it up. Today, I can eat most of those foods just fine.
Awesome...
My present landed on Kevin. It would've been perfect for anyone else in the group because it was an R2-D2 hot chocolate mug. I almost had a heart attack when he said he’d only seen the last 3 movies. Meaning he’d only really seen BB-8 in action.
During my routine teeth cleaning, Mom made a comment about some slight erosion, and I thought she suddenly knew, but she ended up switching the kind of toothpaste we used at home. She thought it was the sweets and juice I was sneaking, and I didn't correct her.
Then I found it.
Dean.
This thing that fell into my lap... is insane and it’s going to take some getting used to, but I'm going to make diabetes my bitch.
You know who wears sunglasses inside? Blind people and douchebags.
Bobby, Jo, and Ellen arrived this morning to spend Christmas with us. Jo and Ellen have been into archery lately and they took Sam, Cas, and me to go try it out. I’ll admit, I didn't believe Jo and Ellen when they said archery would be hard, but I should have. My shoulders and arms still hurt. Cas was complaining about his back hurting even. We’re totally going again tomorrow after I meet Bela for breakfast. It's our thing now. At least twice a year, we catch up doing the thing we used to hate the least when we met each other in that eating disorder group. She's been doing really good lately. Hasn't ended up in the hospital in almost 2 years and even has a boyfriend. I can't explain it, but she has this glow about her that she didn't before...
It was an interesting experience getting to be around Kaia every day. She loved heavy metal music but also instrumental. She loved to cook… but she didn't cook well at all. She made this… dish that had a can of split pea soup, a can of tomato soup, and a can of beef broth. And that all was gross… but okay… but then she added two soup cans of milk and some wine… well she didn't have wine so she added apple juice… I still have nightmares about that dish. Thank god Cas offered to take us to a restaurant instead.
At the end of May, when we were planning our classes, seniors get to choose if they don't want a class during lunch period or a last class. Everyone except Dorothy and Kevin has a longer lunch since their schedules are full. So that means we all get an hour for lunch. I think we’re just going to take turns carpooling each other during lunch.
Never would have thought that I would be married to the person I dated in high school. I think I first had the idea of Cas being it, was after a huge fight we had in senior year of college. It was a few months after the engagement actually. We even agreed to just take a break from each other. It only lasted for a day and a half till we were back together again.
Yes, I still call him Sammy even though he's got a few inches on me. This doesn't mean I have stopped calling him Sammy. I gotta say, having a younger sibling that is taller than you is just plain disrespectful.
I got to see Charlie and Kevin before we went to Bobby’s.
He had to mix this powder stuff with this liquid stuff before putting it in the syringe. We didn't really know how you would react to it.
Every stroke of his pen brought him one stroke closer to finishing the drawing.
The lake water was still a little cold but once you got in it, it was fine. Sam kept psyching himself out on the rope. When he finally did end up going through with it, the rope broke and he got water up his nose. What made it even funnier was that Cas, Jo, and I had gone before him and were fine but the rope decided to snap on him.
It's fine… I’m fine… everyone’s fine….
I wasn’t broken.
But, I guess when I imagined the rest of my life, it was always with Cas.
The party was kind of cool. Loud and crowded. Played some pool though, and got 90 bucks.
on Tumblr too
When I was younger, I knew something was missing from my life but it took me a while to figure it out. As I got older and mom would talk about him more, I started making these scenarios up in my head of meeting him for the first time. The one that I kept thinking about was that one day I’d open the front door to my house and he’d be waiting. I had that fantasy for years, but every time I opened that door, there was never anybody on the other side of it. As the years passed, I accepted that he wasn't going to come. And I think I had gotten as comfortable with that idea as someone could ever get when the text came and ruined it all.
You were a little sweaty and looked a little green and you didn't eat much oatmeal at first but Dad kind of forced you to because you already had your insulin. You got most of it down... till you started puking. Which obviously wasn't good. So he called your endocrinologist, Rafael, and he said to give you some juice and to not skip out on the insulin. The juice stayed down enough to kick up your levels a little bit so that put us both at ease.
Another part was when I learned how to control myself around food. This meant cooking with it and being around it. I had liked cooking for a while, but this made me love it. It was a good outlet to learn about food and control it in a nonconstructive way. I started to see food as less good or bad.
I did the only rational thing a person could do when the love of their life proposes.
I just texted her back saying that I didn't know yet but I was hanging out with the boyfriend and she texted back with a smiley face and to have fun… it was weird.
Nice boy.
The first question I asked the nurse was if I could still wrestle. She answered with a yes and that exercise was good and it could actually help lower my blood sugar when needed.
I told Benny and Charlie that I had left my lunch at home.
I love when you swipe over my knuckles when we hold hands. Thought it was weird at first, but now I don't mind it as much. In fact, I can always tell something is wrong when you do it a bunch of times in a row.
So, a few days ago, I had a Christmas gift exchange with the group. I hadn't seen everyone all in one place since before leaving for college in August. The only one who didn't make it was Dorothy. Charlie and her are still broken up. She still hangs out with all of us sometimes though. Charlie said she was picking up her new dog. I think she named him Toto or something. She must really like the Wizard of Oz.
Kaia stayed to recover and nursed Journey about a month after but has since then returned to her traveling. We have an open adoption with her because we wanted her to stay in Journey’s life as much as possible. She visits every other month and she always manages to bring Cas and me a couple of souvenirs each from the last place she’s traveled to. Soon our house is going to be overrun by snow globes and key chains.
It was like eating chalk. Dad didn’t believe me until he tried one. Sam didn't think it was that bad. I don't think changing brands or flavors will do much.
When I told him I was actually working smarter not harder, he turned his head around so slowly and gave me this look that almost made me think Sam was going to become an only child.
I wasn’t broken.
I didn't get much sleep last night on the account that I really fucked things up with Cas. I couldn't get him out of my head and the kiss.
Guess I'd have to if I ever got it.
Thursday, July 12th, 2018
Yes, that pants story was my own... people were way less mean about it though. I think.
When I was about three years old, my mom met this guy named Gabriel, who is the only one I will ever call Dad. He worked as a comic illustrator. They ended up getting married when I was 5, and we moved to Pontiac, Illinois, into this green house with dark blue shutters. Mom said my dad wanted to paint it, but she liked it so much that he couldn't do it.
After a few weeks of having it, I went over the 80 hr mark and holy hell, the sound that it made was so loud. Sam ended up putting it in the freezer because we couldn't get it to stop.
And you know that second after something’s gone wrong and where it’s quiet and you know that someday it will pass but at that moment, you wished.... no, you’d do anything to be in someone else’s body but your own, and you’re debating if turning invisible is actually possible?
This semester I took philosophy since I forgot about class registration. It’s hard to listen to my philosophy class debate about whether or not Cain should have been punished for murder when he was never told it was wrong. I contributed as much as I could only because I have no intention of repeating the class again next semester but all I want to do is sleep in that class.
There might have been some tears. Won’t specify who they were from.
After trying the gel, I gotta say, I'd choose the glucose tablets any day.
It was a little after Christmas when I began to feel a bit more tired than I typically had been. I thought nothing of it because like I said before, it sometimes happened. But then, it went on for a few more days. I guess it was a little different than before like I couldn't even get out of bed some mornings.
(See the end of the chapter for
So in all that, It’s been a pretty great start to the year so far.
I’ve always liked how you just take everything that’s happened to you and you just deal with it. You’ve dealt with your eating disorder, you deal with the fact that Mom is gone, and you deal with your diabetes.
But it didn't matter. I couldn't stop her and I couldn't make her stay.
“Morning, lover.” He gave him a grin. “And no, it’s a little past 9. The damn clock must’ve broken again last night.”
That’s when he knows to stop. He lets go of his cock with a pop, and Cas lets out a whimper.
Speaking of test strips, this idiot in class today asked me if I could test his blood sugar. I said no immediately. First, I hadn’t changed the lancet in like… it’s been a while. And second, even if it were a clean one, I’m not wasting it on anyone but myself. This shit is not cheap.
Not like my fingers have gotten infected or anything.
As the night went by we sort of forgot about the cat incident, especially on the Ferris wheel, when we were really close. I ended up having itchy skin and eyes for the rest of the night on the boardwalk.
Now the twins are both 7 and the third kid is 6. Cas and I are their Godparents.
A single bullet between their eyes. Apparently it looked like veins were coming out of the bullet hole. Their skin was also grey. The police said they had never seen bullets do so much damage like the ones they pulled out of their skulls.
We had our senior trip to Kansas last Friday.
Charlie just got us a ton of cereal on her night, which we all couldn't complain about.
It’s been fucking awesome. We get to blast any music we want and Mr. Chuck doesn’t care If I need to eat.
(See the end of the work for more notes.)
And I felt something when he was saying all this stuff, but I wouldn't say it was pity or anything. I was just shocked. I now understand why he was so reserved on certain things, because, not gonna lie, it was a lot. He’s lost a lot of people in his life. Sure Cas has these weird things about him, but I would have never guessed he had been through so much.
He picked up his pencil again and added a few more strokes to Cas’ hair. It was getting long. Dean had offered to cut it, but he had declined and Dean hadn't pushed. It was starting to get as long as Sam’s had been.
I got kind of worried after the delivery driver came and went. Cas had been in the bathroom for a total of 45 minutes by then. I ate a slice of the pepperoni and I knocked on the door a few times but he didn't answer. I opened the door and was hit by this wave of steam.
And all through the house, not a creature was stirring.
It only took a few minutes for me to start feeling sick and I ended up throwing up.
Baby too had a rough morning. Thought I was gonna have to walk to school for a good 5 minutes while I was starting her up. Good thing she was okay. To top all this, it started to rain on the way to school. Also, we have assigned seats in English now thanks to Ketch.
When we got to the top I just sat for a little bit to catch my breath. Cas said he had to take a piss before the sunrise came in more. When he came back, he ended up tripping and falling. When I went over to him with some bandaids, he reached into his pocket and pulled out this box. I thought it was black at first, but my eyes had to adjust a bit, I realized it was green.
I don't scare easily, but the sudden rustling had me checking my pants.
Actually, before we came to Bobby’s Sam and I had to clean the attack and I found letters from my mom for all three of us. It was dated when I was 10. She kept it short, sweet, and simple.
To answer that question... yes. Yes, I did puke.
Swear we were the only ones clapping in the entire theater.
Anyway, he was living with his grandparents temporarily working on their farm. He was 17. We met at the general store. He gave me one of these grins, complimented my skateboard, and asked me where the best place for cupcakes was and we just hit it off from there.
“Dean.” There it is, the fucking mask slipping into place and Dean wants to scream in his face:
"He will, he's smart that one." Dean forces a smile. He lets his head fall, chin on his chest, and pulls his hair lightly with his fingers.
“Because I went out there and killed them for this, this is all that matters to me, you know that, right?” He doesn't. People are dead, so many people… “I went and fed The Mark and now I can spend these moments with you and it’s worth it, Dean.” This is an act, it's all an act, it's not real.
Lately, he is the only person that can get close to Castiel without being instantly obliterated from the face of the earth. So here he is now, Enochian handcuffs in his pocket, hands shaking as he holds them clasped tightly under his chin, forcing his voice to work.
Tears are trying to make their way down his cheeks. He won't cry in front of Bobby. It's not like Cas is dead or anything, it's fucking dumb to cry because he was left behind. Dean stops them. "He isn't coming back?" He wonders if Bobby even heard him, his voice barely making a noise.
What is Dean supposed to remember? Cas is... not here. Yeah, Castiel is missing and Dean needs to find him. He doesn't know what Bobby is talking about (he doesn't, he doesn't).
"I see Heaven hasn't changed you one bit." Dean has to admit, it’s good to see him.
"Oh, they're around." That's what Bobby said. He was looking for a more helpful response. When it's clear that Ash isn't going to elaborate (or dial down that grin, how can a guy smile that much?), Dean clears his throat and looks around.
"What do you mean?" His thoughts are hazy. It’s giving him a headache.
"I'm sorry." For a second the walls of Heaven seem to crack around him, above in the sky, under his feet. He can't do this right now (stop, you can't get distracted), he has to pull himself together.
There’s finally a sob escaping Dean along with the tears and this is the hardest thing he’s ever done. “Trust me, Cas! I’ll come back, I’ll fix this!” The hands on his face tighten so he pulls them off as hard as he can and keeps pulling them towards the box.
"Mary and John are down the street." Dean knows that already, this is useless! No. No, this is Heaven. And it's a new, better Heaven. Dean never had that before. He never had complete peace and freedom. Maybe he just doesn't know what that looks like for him. This is Heaven, surely it knows more about happiness and paradise than a miserable man does.
"Anywhere." Ash bluntly states.
"Okay, where am I supposed to go now?" Where do people even live in this new Heaven? Do they all have their own home? Is there a freaking map?
"I will. I- well, I need a drink right now." Bobby lets out a small chuckle at that.
"Yeah, yeah." The panic is dissolving. Now he just feels hollow, empty. That might just be the first step towards happiness, he can't know. "I guess I'll go there next. It was nice talking to you again, Ash." There is a strange sensation somewhere in his chest, or maybe stomach, like he just dropped something. Like something slipped through his fingers. He didn't hear it smash on the floor though. He's looking down and he can already see his feet moving, making the first steps (towards?). He hears Ash say his goodbyes behind him. Dean walks out the door.
“You’re controlling it now.” He spoke so softly he barely heard himself. He risks a glance at Cas’s face. Castiel is wearing his kind, loving expression. Wearing is the perfect word, he’s
That seems to be the theme, doesn't it? Maybe his brain hasn't caught up with that fact yet. "Yeah, I guess we are." Huh. Freedom is definitely strange.
“You know I have to do this, you understand, right?” He can’t look him in the eyes, he can’t look at him, this was a mistake. “Dean, please, you know I can’t control it!” His voice is fucking trembling and Dean’s knees are going weak because he’s gonna do this, he has to.
“Yes, I do. But Cas, you need to stop. Let's just try to find a solution!”
He thinks. He thinks about everything his mind can drag out of the mess inside his head. He is in Heaven, which means he can 'be happy' and 'do what he wants'. And that is a terrifying word, 'want'. Despite what many think of Dean, he can name things that he knows he wants. He can do it, to himself, inside his mind, where it's not real. Where people can't see it. Where it can't be wrong or it can't hurt anybody. Not all the time, he needs to control it, to not let it spill out of him.
"Where is Charlie?" If there is somebody who can make him stop feeling like death right now, it’s her.
He spends half an hour (he thinks) talking with Ash, telling him different stories from the years he missed and drinking his second beer in heaven. He comes to the conclusion that the beer in heaven is shit. He needs to talk with Jack about that. He needs to talk with Jack. Fuck. That's a can of worms that will explode in his face soon.
"I mean-" He tries to argue for a second because it does sound crazy. "Yeah, I guess that's exactly what's going on."
“Please, no! I know you won’t do this to me, Dean! You don't have to do this, I love you!” Something snaps inside Dean’s chest and it echoes through his whole body, it feels like even the blood in his veins stirs from the aftershock of it. With one last push, he pins Cas down in the box and tries to tie him with the chains he prepared earlier, his tears falling on Cas’s cheeks and into his mouth while he’s screaming and chanting the words Dean thought would bring him absolute bliss.
"Naturally... Well, how do I know where to go? Can you give me some directions here, man? Some ideas?" He is getting a little bit restless, which his brain doesn't seem to like at all since it sends a wave of panic through Dean. This is not only annoying but also disappointing. He was hoping the new Heaven will be more sunshine, rainbows, and all of that.
“Hello, Dean.” There he was. Dean didn't even flinch. It had been a while since Cas had been able to fly, and in a deep, buried place in Dean’s brain, he admits how much he missed the sound of Cas teleporting next to him. It reminds him of the days Cas would just appear in front of him, so fucking close because he’s an angel and he doesn't understand personal space but he seems to understand everyone else's just fine but it's not like Dean really minds because he can taste Castiel’s power in the air around him and he can see the slight flicker of grace always present in his eyes and- but that's all somewhere deep in his mind, because on the surface he knows it’s The Mark that gives him the power to do it again.
Billie makes a move again and there is more pain written on Dean's face. Cas can't even tell what's happening anymore, he doesn't know where he is. All he knows is Dean. He wants to hold him tight and heal him, fix him, make everything okay. There are more screams. He knows they're Dean's but they feel like his own. He prays. He prays to God, his absent Father, his enemy, his creator. He prays just for this one thing, begs Him, promises Him that he'll give himself over to Him fully, as it was supposed to be. He'd crawl on his knees if could move. God is silent, again.
“It’s for The Mark! It’s not for anything else, I know how it is, Cas!” There is silence for a few agonizing seconds. “They weren't all bad.”
"Mom?"
The Roadhouse looks (and smells) pretty much like he remembered. Familiarity is good, it’s putting the pieces of reality together, he moved, the road changed, he isn’t on that fucking street anymore. Tracing the wooden walls with his fingertips in an attempt to ground himself, Dean takes in the image before him. He smiles when the face of an old friend appears in front of his eyes.
“Okay, I just think we shouldn’t torture her. Clearly, she’s on the outs with them,” Sam pleads. Uriel is getting bored, of Sam, and of waiting for Castiel’s permission.
” out loud with a snigger when they realised what the djinns’ motivation was. Dean looked at her hatefully, but Sam looked at her like she was dead to him, and Castiel could see which one had hurt her more.
“Your vessel?,” Balthazar asks.
This time the reversal is a more difficult feat, because Michael needs to undo the death of Lilith. He hasn’t really been reversing time, he has just been removing everyone’s memories of everything that has happened past the point he wanted to return to. The humans’. The angels’. The demons’. Gabriel’s. Raphael’s. So far those who have died during the failed attempts remained dead, for memories of all can be wiped, or altered, but mass resurrections are more complicated and unnecessary. Michael has just made it so all those deaths seemed to have happened in the past for another reason. However, if he is to face his brother, the Last Seal must remain alive until all the previous ones are broken, otherwise it will not work.
Michael waits. For some reason, Samuel hides. For some reason, the demons can’t convince him to kill Lilith. All this anger he must have at his brother’s death, all this power from demons’ blood, and he does not hunt Lilith. Everything pointed to him doing it; Michael does not understand. The Sword grows restless; he of course has no notion of how much time has passed, for he exists outside of it all but nevertheless he grows restless, and Michael must speed the process. It has been too many years. (Michael grows restless; he received his order in Chuck Shurley’s vision a long time ago). He sends angels to convince Samuel of his importance in Heaven’s fight, of the fact his brother has been chosen and that angels will assist him in his revenge for Dean Winchester’s death. He trusts none and sends them all back. Zachariah goes, and is sent back; Naomi goes and is sent back; Anna goes and is sent back.
“Bobby!”
Castiel moves so he is in his eyesight. “Was that your goal?,” he repeats.
“I know too well what kinda creatures exist in this world,” Singer says, looking at him head on. “Never would-a believe it were an angel.”
“I am not allowed to,” he says. Sam’s face moves between several emotions. Castiel admires how quickly Sam realises the implications of Castiel’s sentence; that Heaven knows, and does not care; or it cares and wants to keep his downward spiral going. The man looks down and shifts on the floor.
It’s the morning, and all the men congregate in the kitchen for the morning sustenance ritual. Bobby is preparing the coffee, which Dean calls “nectar of the gods” and looks at Cas like he expects him to fight him over the name. He probably expects Castiel to accuse him of blasphemy, except that all the gods from his people’s myths do exist, and they probably do indulge in coffee, as it’s quite a common substance. Castiel says nothing, but does not look away from Dean. That lasts until someone else - until yesterday by default Bobby - distracts Dean.
“An Angel Blade. Kills demons. Quite spectacularly. Angels too, I presume, given how much Castiel tried to hide it from you. Now, I need that phone.”
(5) The fifth time he gets a visit from the angel Joshua. Michael is observing the siege of Hell from above when he notices another pair of wings near him and turns some of his eyes to deal with the intrusion.
“Hey, Cas,” he starts, opening the fridge again. “You think you could do your angel beam to the store?”
He cannot open his eyes. They are glued shut, they are as heavy as rocks, they -
“You disappeared,” Bobby answers, “and that man demon started talking about how nice of her it was to lead them all down here and to keep Sam on a leash. Tried to take another stab at killing her but something threw him back, and that angel went after him. Sam grabbed that woman demon, panicking, asked her if she was okay and dragged her behind him. Wouldn’t leave even when more demons broke through these frigging windows next to the tv.”
“They told us your mission was the hardest of all, but to me it looks like you get to sit down and play house, eh?”
“Sam, it would be best if you moved out of Uriel’s way.”
“What, when?,” Dean splutters and takes a slight step towards the door, as if he thought Castiel wouldn’t notice.
Jimmy panics
“Where did he hide it?,” Singer continues. Jimmy leans in really close to him. Singer does not flinch.
-, Dean grabs his own jaw and forces it shut, almost falling to the floor in the process. The rest of his words are mumbles, indistinguishable sounds caught in his mouth, but Castiel can tell what they were meant to be. The desire they were meant to profess had come from the depths of Dean Winchester’s soul, and its intensity is similar to a prayer’s. They were meant to call to the angels, to The Angel.
Dean tenses his jaw and points his hand, in an weak attempt to threaten Cas and Sam.
“What, Dean? What great idea have you got?”
Castiel is doing well, Michael reminds himself. He is not dead. Dean Winchester is not dead, nor aware of what is truly happening. Alistair, despite his many efforts, has not managed to breach the wards around the Singer Salvage Yard. This pleases Michael.
“Castiel,” Bobby Singer interrupts, raising his handgun. “What is that sword you’re pointing at Dean?”
Castiel does not nod, but Castiel never does when he truly understands. As the angel waits to be dismissed, Michael sees the kite change direction, and fly near one of his own true heads. The wind has not changed. There are no doors in this Heaven, but Michael does not need to check them.
“Earth is the only place which has a day called Saturday, so no, it is not a habit,” Castiel indulges them.
, Dean
“Yeah, yeah, yeah, shut up Cas - tee - el. Bobby, he ain’t staying.”
Dean said. His mind yelled ‘
“I do not require food, or liquids, or anything else to function. I do not require to breathe. Nothing human,” Cas answers. After he says it, he realises that he is closer to Dean than before. He too has moved closer to the desk between them.
, Castiel tells Balthazar through his Grace.
“You’re the angel?,” he asks, his voice breaking. He hunches his shoulders, trying not to tower over Castiel. He extends his hand.
Something about looking up whilst on his knees. Something about the previous calm that Cas’s gaze used to bring him. Something about Cas’s constant revivings, something about the last time he asked Cas if he were God, something from all of that makes his voice come out soft, not angry.
(2) Dean Winchester sells his soul. Sam Winchester breathes again. Michael chases his brother Gabriel, for no one can hide from Michael, not the god Trickster, not his brother, no never, never has he been missing, not from Michael. He is made aware of this. He must make Sam Winchester accept his brother’s death in whatever way he pleases. Sam Winchester must accept.
“You believe this, Bobby?,” Dean asks as Bobby nods to Castiel’s explanations.
“Yes, yes, I’m a big shinin’ ball of light that you’ve been told to protect with your own fists, yada yada. We’ve been over this, great, thanks, man,” he says, never once looking at Castiel.
, he asks, laughing, and looks at Castiel. He looks happy, and yet he looks sad.
“I always wondered -,” Dean continues. “Wait, where are you?”
Yes, humans have questions. Infuriatingly, they do.
“Alright, one of you dicks is going to tell me what’s going on, like now.”
“Um,” he starts saying, eloquently. “Hi, man. Can you hear me? I know an angel’s been in you recently - oh, that sounds bad. Feel like I need to wash my mouth or something. Do you know who I am?,” Dean adds, trying to catch Castiel’s eye.
Suddenly, Jimmy begins yelling inside him. When Castiel refocuses, he sees fingers snapping in front of his eyes.
“I’m not meant to leave you alone,” Cas recites.
“He hasn’t left,” Jimmy says, sitting back onto his feet. “He’s - come down. Given me the steering wheel. Heck, I don’t know why or what, just that I can feel
Castiel focuses all of his intention on him, and as most humans do, Bobby lowers his head and braces his shoulders under it. Almost all humans. Dean does not do that.
“Okay,” Dean says and looks between the two angels. “How we doing it?,” he asks and raises his arms as if to bless them. It is a gesture that indicates a question and rushes one to answer, Castiel remembers from the films. It is used to take control of the conversation, but Dean’s chances of that are non-existent when he does not understand it. Not truly.
, he says, and it makes sense. Castiel feels a warmth in this body he is inhabiting. He likes the thought that Dean Winchester survives long enough to have wrinkles.
Uriel, sticking to his assignment to a fault, waits for Cas to answer. After a moment, Cas does speak, but not to Dean.
“You could have disappeared. You wouldn’t even die, not exactly. Neither Heaven nor Hell would have you, you would continue existing reduced to atoms, without realizing it. You would have sabotaged my mission,” Castiel finishes. Dean gets an unkind curl to his lip.
, Cas says, as if to himself. To Dean, Sam’s mind duly adds, and Sam is very proud of how his mind does not explode.
He will not be able to stop himself forever, and there is no antidote. He will call Michael down. Castiel attempts to get to him, to throw him into unconsciousness, buy them all time, but there is an invisible barrier he cannot cross. He pushes at it, and it pushes back.
Samuel Winchester gasps behind Castiel. Aside from the beauty of the armour, he has another reason; it is splattered in blood. Once Balthazar’s certain everyone has seen him, he cleans himself.
“Cas!,” Dean yells as they land in a beautiful park, and wildly flails his arms around. The flowers are in full bloom. “Cas, what the hell?”
Dean raises his eyebrow at Cas.
The witch laughed, and then his mouth was full of blood, and still Castiel hasn’t even moved. The witch sputtered for a moment before looking up at Castiel to answer.
He knew, in that moment, with perfect clarity, that all his life lead to this. Saving people, hunting things, the family business. He has found the way to save everyone, finally, forever. It was so clear he was surprised he hasn’t done it already. Yes, it would be painful at first, but him and this Archangel would kill the devil and there, finally, would be Paradise on Earth. He had no doubts Michael would triumph. After all, he would be the one riding his True Vessel, Dean, in all the glory that would bring him, and Lucifer would have to be satisfied with a different vessel. Sammy didn’t need to get hurt at all, he could be thrown in some demon trap just for extra protection and ride it out there. All of Earth Dean’d save, and there would never again be any vile beings like the ones who kidnapped Bobby, like the one who burned a mark onto his hand, they would all be gone and Dean would be able to retire from hunting. (What would be left of him, a tiny voice in the depths of his mind offered) He was saved for this. Gripped tight and raised from perdition for this. He deserved to be saved, and now he will save everyone else to pay that debt. Happiness, like not being able to breathe.
, Jimmy thinks,
Sam looks around. There is ash in the air, but a building just collapsed. That’s what it’s from.
They return to find a chaotic scene. There are at least ten demons, plus Alistair. Uriel is fighting three or four at the same time. Sam has moved the demoness’s body so that she is lying behind him, and he’s fighting two demons himself, so far only using blades and trying to finish a verbal exorcism. The dagger with which the demoness was harmed must have been charmed or poisoned, because she is still healing. Bobby is covering the living room, running from one hole made in the wall to another, trying to keep the rest of the visible demons from fully entering the room.
“Castiel, what have you done?,” Uriel asks. He sounds terrified. He sounds in awe.
“Well,” the Singer man starts, trying to put his thoughts together. During this conversation Castiel has managed to find the right spots for the sigils. He should inquire as to how much blood he will be able to use without causing the man to faint again. People’s reaction to losing blood highly differs from person to person. The man finally speaks. “It is kinda unexpected, but what else can we think, Dean? He ain’t anything else we’ve met so far.”
Jimmy goes to make his phone call, but before he can make it, Castiel kneels to pick up his blade from where it’s lying on the floor. He cleans it up with his Grace and looks up at Dean, who’s stopped grabbing his arm.
, Cas tells him and scans his body for injuries.
Dean’s eyes move down, and he is looking at Castiel’s lips. He licks his own, takes a breath Castiel is unable to share, and puts his lips on Castiel’s lips. It’s called a kiss, he remembers.
Cas, Sam knows instinctively, but it makes no sense. How could Cas do that? How would Michael
Dean’s laugh is forced.
“It’s more complicated, Dean,” Sam mumbles back, looking at the floor. Uriel chuckles.
Sammy ran to him, Dean remembers.
“That’s true. Cas?,” Dean says, too quietly and too nicely to be true.
Castiel’s not sure he understands the question.
Cas moves back.
Castiel isn’t sure how he should react. That is what he has said only minutes earlier and this man, years from the future, quotes it back at him. Human memory is not that good. Castiel decides to make a deep sound he has heard people make when they have no good response to a question, and looks away from Older Dean. There are barely any people in this part of the park, unlike the area around the bench he had just sat on with Dean.
“Why didn’t you come to see me?”
Their conversation is stopped because the demon Alistair throws the angel Castiel across the Pit with all his might, grabbing him by the outstretched hand that was inches away from a similarly reaching hand of Michael’s Sword. He lands at the feet of Lilith herself, who have come out to play. Michael searches with his eyes, and as Joshua sighs he sees no other angel is close enough to finish Castiel’s task. With Lilith present his army is likely going to be decimated even further, but they are so close. Alas. Aware of the Garden’s attention, Michael grows to realise it must be someone from the first garrison that saves Dean Winchester, someone from the original garrison that reached his Shield. An element of the original plan must be present in the successful run, if Michael is at all to pretend he has done well. With various tries, but he has done well. To lose the entire garrison would be too much, when Hell still has Alistair. When the trees are watching. There are only two remaining, and Anna is now human, and one year old, and entirely untrustworthy. Castiel is entirely loyal and adequately fearsome. All he does he does in the name of Heaven, and nowadays
Their third attempt at a live experiment starts differently. Dean Winchester does not look him in the eye as he leads him out behind the house at night. As they go, he lists all the weapons they have used on him when they first met and when he followed them to the car right after. Bobby waits for them already, with a big bag open at his feet. The bag has various knives in it.
, Michael asks, every atom of his essence afraid of the answer, for why would Joshua wander out of the garden if he were not burdened with heavy information.
“Of course not, it’s just the most visible one.”
“Ouch! Are you still freaking holding me with your wing? Let me go, man!”
“As I’ve said,” he says when he’s finished. “Disgusting. All these tastes - I don’t know how this could possibly be your drink of choice. Wheat is so much better in pasta.”
Two Earth months, 20 Hell years later, Anna calls for Michael from some earthly field. Michael directs one of his eyes there. Dean Winchester on his knees, a bloodied knife in his hand, blood all around him and on him. A young female, dead, in front of him, but somehow twisted. Michael pulls closer. Dead bodies all around the field. The female twists, again. Anna calls for Michael. His Sword is bloodied, yes, but is not dying; why does Anna bother him? The young female twists and Michael sees it. It is not the body that twists, it is the essence. It is Lilith. His Sword hunted and killed Lilith with all that he’s learnt in Hell.
“I am not surprised he isn’t,” Cas says. Sam looks up at him from his spot on the floor, pleading with his eyes.
“You’re not what? Truthful?,” the Winchester attacks and moves back.
“Dean,” Samuel interrupts, horrified. “Castiel is an Angel. You cannot ask an Angel to do your shopping.”
“How do you know?”
Her eyes flash, enough to let Bobby know what she is, and blood spurts out of her stomach just as the tip of a dagger emerges from it. She falls to the ground, and reveals an older man with balding blonde hair standing behind her. Castiel has never seen his vessel before, but he recognizes Alistair. He grabs Dean’s arm.
“Yeah, nice light show,” Dean says.
A scream comes from his left side. Jimmy turns his head to see Bobby Singer holding his wrist and shaking his hand. The bloodied Angel Blade hits the floor.
, but he didn’t have that much control. He could only focus on one thing.
It listens to you patiently. You’d rather it had its knife out already.
“I don’t believe you,” Dean Winchester says.
It laughed. Castiel broke one of its legs.
, but you said this. It doesn’t make sense. This angel was here by accident. He was probably looking for Crowley. But you said it, and it seems to mean something to the angel, and Crowley chuckles behind you.
He looked back. Dean was trying to wake Bobby up. Sam was looking around and in the brief moment he caught Cas’s eye Castiel could tell he started to realise it was suspicious Bobby wasn’t being drained of his life force the way djinns’ victims usually are. He was just sitting there. Bait.
“Right, but my hair length could not be the biggest difference.”
Dean does not finish his sentence, and raises his eyebrow at Cas.
“One more demon to take care of,” Uriel says, showing his Angel blade clearly. They are in what Dean’s films call
Samuel sits on the floor of Robert Singer’s bathroom, and Michael has new orders for Castiel.
“Sure you have. I mean, I know he doesn’t eat or drink but Cas does, like, exists. Touches things,” the older Winchester says, trying to prove some point to nobody knows whom.
, Michael started again, but Cas was quicker.
Bobby coughs behind him. Cas scans the man’s body, and he is not sick nor internally damaged. He coughs again. Cas and Dean turn to look at him.
Another silence, another instance of Dean opening and closing his mouth without sound.
Dean doesn’t let his brother go back up the stairs.
“Try to hurt either one of us and we’re gonna pack you full of iron; it may not kill you but I bet it’ll hurt like a bitch. Oh, and this Cas - tee - el thing is weird, man. You’re Cas”
Michael knows what that means. He retreats into himself, comes down to Earth and lights up the prophet’s house. He reads the prophet’s vision and is, for the first time in millennia,
‘You might want to take some time to remember your loyalty,’ Castiel says coldly. ‘Trust my decision. After all, was I not the only one of my brothers to choose your side during the Apocalypse? Everyone thought I chose wrong, and look at us now. You doubt me. With time, you will see the benefits of my choice. You will see it was done for you.’
“Castiel, what have you done?,” Uriel asks. His eyes are fixed on Dean Winchester’s shoulder.
“Why?,” Sam asks, standing in front of the demoness.
“I need a beer,” Bobby grunts. “Two beers. Hell, anything with a percentage.”
“Oh yeah,” Dean says and pulls back, defense coming back. “Cause you’re nothing human. What about the poor fu - I mean religious devout you’re in? He okay without it all?”
"C-Cas!" Dean starts to struggle violently against the magic holding him. He is desperately trying to breathe but it looks like he is choking on something. Castiel feels tears fall down his cheek, into his mouth, salt on his tongue. Oh, but he has to be the worst among sinners because his punishment doesn't stop there. Dean finally takes a breath, his body calming down before Billie raises her hand and her magic slices two cuts into him, one on each arm. Dean screams and the sound echoes inside Castiel's bones. There's so much blood drowning his vision. He thinks he can hear Dean say his name, more desperate now. Cas feels that desperation course through his whole body. He tries to focus, he looks at Dean's face and the universe would turn to dust right this second if Castiel had any power over it. The stars would pale as his love's face pales and planets would crumble under the weight of his blood. Cas thinks about the speech he was preparing to deliver, wants to scream it until his throat melts. He can't make a sound.
“Cas...” That came out steadier than he would have thought. “ I haven't heard from you in a couple of weeks, buddy. I- I’ve seen the news though… I’m just worried, okay? Can you-” God, why is this so fucking hard? He just needs to pull himself together, grow a pair and just do it. It’s gonna be temporary, it's temporary, it’s fucking tempo- “Can you swing by? Please, let's talk. I, umm… I do miss you, you know? It's kinda boring in here without you. Maybe we can watch a movie or somethi-”
"Dean, I'm sorry, but Cas is an angel. He was always going to return to his family." Dean shakes his head again. Isn't Dean his family? "How do you not remember this? I sometimes watched over you from Heaven, Jack allows it. I saw you. You were pretty upset at first but with time you understood. You understood that he is not human like you, and you moved on too." Dean wouldn't, he couldn't have. He needs Cas in his life.
"Everything." Now Ash looks confused and it's frustrating because Dean is the confused one here.
“That’s actually what I wanna talk about.” Deep breaths, this is it, he can do this. “Where have you been, Cas?”
"So Jack did all of this?" Jack is not only here, in Heaven, but he freaking rebuilt it. Bobby said he defeated Chuck and yeah, he is impressed but not surprised. He knew the kid had it in him. If only he could remember it, he didn't even get to keep that. He should ask Bobby about his impressive lack of memories regarding what the hell actually happened before he died.
Now he’s sitting on the porch of the Roadhouse with none other than Bobby Singer. The mention of his parents snaps him back into focus. They are here, just across the street. That makes sense, right? They're his parents. Something twists in his gut. What was he thinking about a few moments ago?
“I love you!” He’s almost done. It’s temporary. It’s temporary. It’s temporary. “I love you! I love you!” Cas is choking on his screams while Dean is doing the same on his tears. It’s done, all he has to do is close the box. He looks at the man he loves, hysterical and lost and he prays, to whom he has no idea, God is dead, that he’ll see him again. The last thing he hears is his own name, high-pitched and desperate and wrong. And then there's quiet.
His heart stings. It shrinks and expands into thousands of pieces. And that feels so fucking familiar. It must be true then. He can feel the traces of a loss already wept in his chest. He can remember the heartbreak. There is a hole so big, deep into his soul.
Oh, right. "Alive, fortunately." And it's okay, really. He doesn't mind waiting a long time for him. He's okay with that. Still, there's a trace of bitterness on his tongue after saying that, like jealousy. Which is absolute bullshit, never mind selfish as hell. He finally got it right, it was his job and he succeeded. He can rest now. His brother is alive, God is dead and he can rest. Ashes somewhere on a shelf, inside a white-picket-fence house that he hopes Sam will live in someday. And still... "And let's hope he stays that way for a while!" He means it.
“Dean, please don't do this! Please!” Somehow Castiel’s hands reached his face and are now cupping it and that's a mistake because he can kill him. For a moment Dean is sure he will but they're so warm and maybe it's not the worst way to go. “Please don’t do this to me!”
"Dean, do you not remember?" Bobby is wearing a worried expression on his face, his wrinkles folding on his forehead in confusion.
"Yeah, he is." He exhales. Sam is smart, smarter than he ever was. And he's finally free. His little brother gets to live now. Dean looks up and his smile is smaller now, but genuine. Ash is still grinning. Everything around him looks so welcoming, he forgets himself for a moment. After a minute of silence, he adds: "So what have you been doing? Still hacking heaven?"
“They were bad! It was the only way t-to do this, to even get close to you without ripping your head off!”
"There's... There's one thing strong enough to stop her."
Castiel is in the Bunker's Dungeon. He knows this isn't real, knows what already happened here, even though it's strangely difficult to remind his mind of this right now. Cas knows he is dead. He's most likely in the Empty, being tormented with scenes of his death. Dying again doesn't really bother him. The real torture is just thinking about seeing Dean's face in that moment. At first, it was just confusion written there. He's still at that point. He can hear himself speak:
"Don't let me stop you then. You know where to find me."
"Well-"
“Stop! Stop saying this is for me! Stop it!” He can’t talk about this anymore, if he doesn't get it done now, he’ll just… just what? Probably get killed by his best friend. It doesn’t even look like the worst option right now. So he starts dragging Cas in the hallway, the room with the Ma’lak Box being only a couple of doors away.
That’s the magic of the box, keeping it all inside. It’s so quiet. Dean drops to his knees right next to it. His whole body shakes now and it takes him a moment to realize he is speaking.
Fuck, he has no idea what to do. His last few weeks on earth are blurred together. How can he not remember something so big? Bobby, out of everybody, wouldn't lie to him (somewhere deep inside him, a strange part of him wants to believe it).
“Of course Dean.” His voice doesn't even sound the same, it sounds like everything he says is a rehearsed line and Dean wants to rip his ears off. “But you know I can’t stay for long” For the first time in this conversation, Dean looks Cas straight in the eyes because he didn't imagine that, there was a flicker of emotion behind those words and that means hope. This is just going to buy him more time.
Dean can't see the house, not even after what he thinks is a few minutes of walking down the street, but he can feel he's close. He freezes. Looking around everything is the same, but he knows it's there. He knows and it doesn't feel like Heaven even if he wants to be wrapped in his mother's arms nonetheless. He doesn't dare to take another step and just drops to sit on the side of the road.
Dean abruptly turns his head in the direction of the door and shouts at Cas as soon as he processes the image before him. Cas tries to put himself between Dean and Death but he is frozen. His heart is pounding so hard he can feel it in his throat but he can't move an inch. He can't even scream.
“It’s just a blade, it’s unimportant. Samuel has been-“
“This is incredible,” Samuel says. Castiel folds his wings and turns the lights back on.
“Yeah, but angels!,” Dean says, waving his hand at Castiel as if Robert Singer has forgotten who they were talking about. Robert Singer does not look at Castiel, which reassures him that the man’s memory isn’t fully gone.
he asks.
“Right, you got staying permission from Bobby. For now,” Dean levels a finger at him. “Be on your best behavior. Um, three rules. Don’t touch the beer or weapons. Always keep within the sight of one of us. And whatever Bobby says is the law of the land.” Dean looks at him, waiting for something. Castiel sees uncertainty in his eyes. “You got that?,” Dean asks.
“No, no no,” Sam crawls away from him. He forces another laugh. “No reason for you to scan my body. I feel better, I’ll get some meds and be good in an hour.”
I was going to relieve you.
Dean wants to laugh. That must be a joke, right? He’s not really feeling like laughing though.
, Zachariah said under his breath, and so Michael took his vessel’s breath. Zachariah does not need to breathe, but his vessel does, and it is some use of Grace to prevent asphyxiation.) Anna’s garrison stands guard. Zachariah retreats after the first 10 Hell years, for he needs constant affirmations of his importance, and he will not find it by sitting and watching something he considers a tool. Anna’s garrison stand guard, so he isn’t really needed, and Michael does not punish him.
“I swear they won’t be deadly wounds,” Dean Winchester says. They try charmed long swords, and
Michael stretches himself and reverses time.
“Shall we not focus on Samuel first?” Castiel tries to change the subject, but he fails. Dean is oddly transfixed on the blade in Castiel’s pocket. When he speaks, it’s in a raspy voice.
“I have a daughter,” Jimmy confirms loudly. “I have a wife.” He turns to look at the man who was raised from Hell. “I have a family.”
“I’m just saying - ,” Sam tries to speak, but Bobby interrupts him, speaking for the first time since their fight ended.
“Do not blaspheme,” Castiel says.
“Why New Delhi?,” he asks.
“Hiya, Bobby,” they can hear from the corridor. “I’m sorry I couldn’t come earlier. Was driving through a town which had a werewolf problem, couldn’t leave them on their own after figuring it out from their morning paper. How you holdin’ up?”
“You got a mighty powerful creature who’s gonna keep you safe and kill any demons we come across for us. Things could be worse. Don’t worry, any sigil or thing he wants me to make, I’ll check it out first. If I can’t find it in any books, it ain’t going on the wall.”
It has been a month since the Righteous Man was saved, and by now 43 seals have been broken. So the demon Alistair watches the demoness Ruby every other day at the border of Singer’s Salvage Yard.
Dean points a finger at the other angel.
, Castiel asks, kneeling on his vessel’s legs. They are in the galleries of Vatican City, in a Heaven.
“No. But in the vehicle you said that you do not appreciate my long explanations, therefore I am adjusting.”
He’s fine.
“How long have you known about this? Whatever that is?,” Dean says, taking a step towards Cas.
Older Dean laughs and looks around.
Castiel answers
‘- nor gravity,’ you add, remembering yesterday’s orgy. You wonder if it can read your mind, with all those eyes on you.
“Wait, the Apocalypse?,” Sam asks, urgently. Bobby lets his gun hang loose.
This did not put the men in a good mood.
“During the fight. We were coming back -
that’s been following him. He wanted to trick Cas, make him think Dean was sleeping or so for long enough that Dean could drive away. Bobby was smart enough to question whether Castiel couldn’t find Dean whenever he wanted - Castiel could - and say they didn’t know enough about angels to try it. Dean said something was keeping Sammy away. Dean said he can’t be expected to live with
Dean Winchester is taken before he breaks.
“Knock yourself out,” Dean says before taking a swing from his. He swallows heavily, similarly to when he breaks off the eye contact with Cas. Cas checks the clock and it is indeed still 4am. He will need to monitor Dean’s alcohol intake, or the man will ruin the perfect body Castiel recreated in no time.
“Keep your fingers to yourself!,” Dean yells and flinches. “See, good angel. No fingers, no sudden fainting, let’s keep that up."
“Dean, I would be putting you in immediate danger.”
They do, indeed, keep their eyes on him the entire time. When Castiel leaves Robert - Bobby, as he’s been requested to call him, because “Robert ain’t been my name for a long time” - looking through about a quarter of his books, researching all the sigils and protection spells Castiel proposed, Dean almost trips over himself rushing to follow him around the house. It is not a big house, and after seeing its layout with his vessel’s eyes, Castiel returns to the living room, where Dean has been previously lying on the coach. Dean follows him in, sits down, looks at him. Castiel looks at Dean. It’s a stalemate, until Dean licks his lips, swallows, and looks at the floor.
“Dean,” Sam lets out. “It can’t be. I tried every fucking play in the book and they wouldn’t let me bring you back.”
Which means that, of course, everybody who shouldn't finds out.
“Indeed,” Cas replies mechanically. This is not right. He’s very aware of his blade, and he can’t dematerialize it with Dean now watching him. He tries to arrange himself nonchalantly, leaning on the kitchen table, the way he has seen men do when they need to conceal something in the films Dean watches. Nothing to see here. Everything is normal.
He’s met with silence as an answer.
That was Michael. Dean didn’t have much time left. Cas was looking at him but he wasn't moving, and Dean didn’t understand why. Did he want to be burned by an archangel? Dean tilted his head and -
“I never asked before, but what do ya do with the bodies?,” Dean asks, pouring out two whiskeys. “Add them to what’s probably now a graveyard beneath the yard?”
“Who’s your friend?,” Dean Winchester asks, and brings Castiel back to the Earth.
Castiel saw the look of fear on Dean’s face and he wasn’t so sure. Dean hasn’t heard what the witch has said. He was just reacting to the feeling of the spell on his body. Which meant it was not a good feeling.
a good angel. He is the leader of his garrison.
“Return?,” Dean cuts Balthazar off.
You can’t stop looking at the angel, mostly because that would mean turning your back to it, and turning your back to a powerful creature you just teased is not a good idea. Partly, however, it’s because all that goodness, all that promise, all that surety it radiates are a bit addictive. You don’t want to stop looking at it. You don’t want to stop feeling it. It’s a torture, you know it, because you will have to look away at some point, and your own lack of all of the above will be even more acute. Even in a smaller part though, it’s nostalgia, this feeling you recently discovered, similar to how you feel when you get into your car or hear someone’s name is Sam. You don’t know why, but you feel it then, and you feel it now.
“No, Dean, I’m fine.”
, he whispers back.
“I am not,” Cas confirms. It is his turn to look at the wall.
All that are in the room turn to look at him. Castiel blinks. He has not realised he’s spoken out loud.
break, he
“I am an angel.”
“Balthazar,” Cas says out loud to calm them all down.
Also I've unironically begun to love writing Jimmy.
It’s a ridiculous question. He’s standing a step away from Castiel. Of course Castiel ‘got that’.
But none of his struggles matter. Prayers don’t need to be said out loud. Castiel finds himself unable to move out of fear for the first time in his long life. He cannot help Dean. He has seen into the witch’s mind when he was holding him against the wall, and the only way to stop the spell is to fulfill it. Light comes into the room through every window and the roof itself, searing light, different from the one rocking through Dean. Ruby and Sam start yelling, they cover their ears, close their eyes. Castiel cannot leave Dean either. He is meant to save Dean, always save Dean. Dean looks up, and Castiel knows Michael is speaking to him, he knows because all the windows in the warehouse have blown. Suddenly, his own grace is caught up in the conversation.
That happened twice, so far.
“No,” Cas agrees, and starts to breathe again.
Samuel’s face holds the fear and reverence Castiel expected, but never got, from Dean.
“Ever since I was given my mission. It is a part of my orders.”
“Oh,” Dean sounds small. “He’s still - awake?”
, Cas asks him in a tone that does not invite disagreement. Then he actually yells.
Dean stops snapping.
The world turns. Something is coming.
“That’s what I wanted to talk about,” Dean says, straightening up and regaining his confidence. His expression is now less unpleasant, more questioning, like when he first asked Castiel who he was. “Before you zoned out, you threw a pretty grenade into the room. What was Sam sick with this mornin’ and what did that demon chick had to do with it? Cause Sammy ain’t talking, Cas.”
Dean Winchester prepares the breakfast, which consists of him opening the fridge, listing the elements they do not have, sighing, and making sandwiches with what is there. On really lean mornings Bobby pushes or kicks different parts of Dean’s body until Dean looks to Cas, hardens his jaw, and asks with as much sarcasm as he can muster if Cas could bring them a couple of things. After he’s listed them Castiel waits until Dean breaks and says please, because he is not Dean Winchester’s servant. He enjoys immensely the shock on the men’s faces every time he dematerialises and materialises again with the needed ingredients in the span of seconds.
,” Castiel says. Dean’s muscles have gone even more tense.
“I’m not Castiel,” Jimmy manages and heavily breathes in and out.
“Oh, great. That makes sense, sure,” Dean says lightly, after which he takes another step closer to Cas, the last that it’s physically possible to take. “Send me back, now. My brother is fighting for his life.”
Jimmy doesn’t notice it, but Dean sees his actions and for a second forgets to breathe.
70 years later one arm of the Army of Heaven reaches him and pulls him out. Dean Winchester is saved, Anna sings for all to hear, as she holds him enclosed within her wings all the way to his body. His soul felt tired, she reports later, kneeling in her vessel before Michael on the same floor of the same Winter Palace. The next millisecond: light all around them and a squeamish of voices; Zachariah, Anna’s superior, appears in his true form above her and says many things, all of them unimportant, all of them a shield between what he has come here to say and his voice. Then he tells why he interrupted their meeting. When the Righteous Man rose from his grave, a demon killed him and dragged him back to Hell. They were waiting for him. Michael sends the garrisons in again, but it takes too long. The prophet hasn’t had a vision in a month. Something is wrong.
Castiel nods. “You’re very tense."
That He knows. That He knows must mean He is disappointed. You do not break your millennia old silence to inform someone you know what they’ve been doing and mean for it to be positive. Michael is not fulfilling his duty. Michael must do better. Michael has done so wrongly that He had to come back from His peace and help Michael with His guiding hand. Michael has failed as the highest of angels.
it said through gritted teeth. It smiled.
‘Dean,’ it says, with reverence, with softness. What is that, a spell? It does nothing to you. You smirk at it.
“Castiel?,” he asks.
Castiel only stares at Crowley in response.
protection against more powerful supernatural beings, as well as angels.
“Yeah, no shit, you feathery body snatcher. I have a bullet-proof creature following me around that claims to be a freaking angel.”
(6) The demon Alistair stands at the borders of Castiel’s wards, hidden, watching the demoness Ruby. She cannot break through them either, but it does not matter. A Chevy Impala drives up to where she’s standing, Sam Winchester inside. She gets in. Three hours later, the car returns, the demoness exits. Sam Winchester drives back to Robert Singer’s house with bags filled with groceries and stomach filled with blood. The demon Alistair does not show himself, but he does look at where bite marks are slowly fading of the demoness’s skin.
Much trouble, but nothing that Dean can help with. Castiel cannot imagine he would be too pleased to learn of the sigils.
‘Dean-o?,’ Crowley calls from behind you. You gather yourself and send it your best smirk as goodbye, in a doomed-to-fail attempt to torture it in the same way it tortures you. Before you turn, you look right into the eyes of its other faces, scattered like a halo over his vessel’s head. You hear it take a breath in. You smirk throughout it all, to emphasize your message. Show it just how little you care. For the cherry on top, you glance back onto its vessel’s face before turning back and joining Crowley.
Sam answered.
‘The choice wasn’t of ‘if’, but ‘who’,’ Castiel says, turning towards Sammy.
Two days ago, Sam and Dean have called Castiel to help them find Bobby. He had been taken, signs of a struggle in front of his house, his wheelchair abandoned. They had already questioned Ruby, both when she was outside and inside of a devil’s trap, with her own knife at her throat for variety, and with her knife at Sam’s throat for surety. No demons have taken or were hiding Bobby.
“Take the demoness, Uriel,” Cas says, and Uriel moves Sam away with a wave of his hand. He grabs the demoness and disappears.
“What - Cas, what is going on?”
Why did it have to look at you like this? Why has it been haunting you in your dreams?
Michael continues.
“I wouldn’t know,” Castiel adds. He truly cannot imagine what living with all that flesh and neurons all your life must be like. He feels it, faintly, whenever he takes a vessel, but he know that humans feel those impulses much more than he does; to go from such intensity to nothingness must be a shattering experience.
, he tells the angel Castiel, and the last remaining angel of Anna’s garrison goes to fulfill his mission.
“I was listening to my siblings,” Cas answers. Dean’s tone put him in a bad mood. “I was trying to find out why this happened, and what this was, and what we might expect to follow it.”
(6) The Sword is safe. The demon Alistair will soon be caught and killed, as soon as he looks for the demoness again. All her memories past the time she was grabbed by Uriel were deleted. Naomi serves us well.
In short, Castiel needs Bobby’s blood again. It would be better if Bobby wanted to work on some car - Castiel could accidentally cut his legs with something, some tool falling down, some car part dis-attaching itself. It will be much harder like this. If they’re researching, there’s no telling how long it will last - from their stories of Samuel Winchester Castiel believes that his presence will lead to less breaks, more reading. Additionally, with more people in the house it will become more difficult to get the man truly alone.
“Oh, Cas, thank
“I don’t remember,” Cas blatantly lies.
“What then?,” Dean asks.
He remembers shaking Bobby, holding him by the shoulders, he remembers the relief that flooded him when Bobby started breathing, he remembers when Bobby opened his eyes and they were black. Possessed, Dean thought, and rage shook his body, but it was something else altogether. Dean remembers it grabbing his hand, and the searing pain of his skin getting burned in a specific pattern. Sam’s look at his cry, the cry of pain he couldn’t stop, the curse flowing through his bloodstream, all painful pleasure. Like heartbreaking happiness. Like looking at something you
“Long time no see, Dean-o,” Alistair says, and Sam diving down to the demoness’s body is the last thing they see before Castiel takes Dean away.
, he growled.
love but know you can’t have. Like not being able to breathe.
The thing screamed out and turned back into its own form. It was an unremarkable male. His power was clearly being rerouted to healing his injuries, because his other spells waned as well. Castiel could now tell it was a witch. A very powerful, very old witch. Very killable witch.
Jimmy cuts him off.
Castiel radiates, his true form shining through the eyes of his own vessel. He has been singled out. Favorably chosen.
“As long as I am with him, Jimmy does not need them either. My Grace nourishes him.”
“Nothing,” he says. Dean freezes. Keeps looking at Cas like Cas has chosen the wrong answer on one of those quiz shows where you win money, but instead of losing money he’s about to lose his head. Cas tilts his head. The new angle does not help him to understand Dean.
