"Come closer," Dean murmured. His arm tightened around Cas and he pulled him to him. The length of his body was stretched along Dean’s now, nothing but two thin layers of material between them. Worried that Dean would be able to feel how far from unaffected he was, Cas tried to angle his hips away. Bare legs brushed together and Cas wondered if Dean realised how close to breaking point he was? How close he was to just pinning Dean down and doing everything he’d been thinking about for so many years now, consequences be damned. Maybe this was Hell and he just hadn't realised?
just tie your wrists so you have to let go and just enjoy yourself for once."
"So do you want to tell me what happened, or should we just get drunk and egg Dean Winchester's car?"
He deliberately didn’t say anything else, glancing back down at his phone instead. Tonight the flirting wasn’t going to add to his high, it was just going to annoy and exhaust him.
The hand Cas had wrapped around Jack’s arm was burning hotter and hotter until he gasped, releasing him and staggering backwards.
enough for there to be that choice. I never wanted you - I wanted to keep you away from
Dean wanted to take the choked noise that came from Cas as assent, but he needed a little more than that from him.
Kate pulled her phone out of her pocket, tapping quickly on the screen, seeming to be texting someone. Hopefully not to call the military in to start experimenting on him, Cas thought to himself, only partly in jest.
Dean let out a frustrated breath and Kate slid her hand down his shoulder to rub his bicep in what Dean assumed she thought was a comforting manner. As the anger bubbled away inside him, he struggled not to shrug her off. Cas had been drugged, and sure, he was likely going to be none the worse for wear when he woke up, but now he was safe at home, Dean was angry and was trying very hard not to lash out at the only other person in the vicinity.
you - he belonged to Michael. Every other Castiel fetched him from Hell, pieced him back together and handed him over. You just
"I should have told you. I didn't think it would cause this much upset, but yes, it was absolutely thoughtless of me and I truly am sorry if I caused you pain, Claire."
"Just… get showered, dig those grey sweatpants out of the laundry and wash them—"
Cas was hard-wired for rejection, but he wasn’t sure how he would have coped if Dean had pushed him away. Thankful that Dean trusted him enough, needed him enough to let him this close, he stroked his back with one hand, while the other buried itself in his hair, massaging soothingly as Dean’s tears fell, soaking into his collar.
“Any time, Cas. Dean? Yeah, he’s here.”
“She seems like a good person,” Dean said, blandly. Hell if he was going to go out of his way talking up Cas’ new crush.
"Yes. Absolutely. We'll do that. You've ruined me for all other beds, Cas."
"Jack
my family! It's not always all about you! Sometimes I wonder what I even see in you!"
"I'm really not."
It had taken a lot longer to sort than Dean had predicted, so when Dean limped tiredly into the Bunker and straight into a hot shower, Sam had hammered on the bathroom door, demanding answers.
The realisation hit Dean like a freight train. He hadn't even considered that Kate might want him, he'd been so blinded by his jealousy that she might want Cas. He'd be
"It's fine," Cas dismissed, turning on his side to look at Dean.
"Loved?" Sam asked.
. Until I realised that you weren't a force for good - you were just a selfish little being with too much power and too much ego!"
It wasn't a public declaration, it wasn't the words he wanted to say out loud so much that he ached with it, but he was laying his soul bare in front of every living person he knew, in front of family and friends alike—in front of the man he knew he was going to propose to one day soon. And it had him forcing his trembling hands under control, before he ruined the song entirely.
Dean, suddenly unfrozen mid-punch, carried on swinging. His fist glanced off the chair that had been behind Chuck, and he stumbled, falling into it. Shaking his head to clear it, then spinning around to look at Cas he took a deep breath.
Colour rose in her cheeks and she bit her lip. "Sam told you that we're trying?"
Dean's fingers dug into his shoulders at the lie, his jaw clenching, his head shaking, '
Dean knew he was crying again, knew that hot tears were leaking from his eyes, wetting his cheeks. He knew Sam was watching him, his arms helplessly at his sides, not knowing whether or not a hug would be welcome or would result in him being punched.
Cas shouldn't be letting himself feel like this.
"Bitch."
He should have stuck with talking about cowboy movies. Singing had been a fucking stupid idea. He wanted to turn away, but he couldn't with Cas on his chest. Maybe he could tell Cas he needed to use the toilet, take five minutes and come back when he wasn't so fucking emotional.
"Where's Dean?" she asked suspiciously.
Jack and he was just
"I think I would have to try both to decide," Cas replied thoughtfully.
"Dean, why are you praying to me?" Cas' voice was sad, lost—an echo of the real thing.
Cas winced. He knew that feeling all too well.
"You're blind if you think they don't know what's going on, Dean. This isn't subtle!"
His hair was darker than usual, spiked, wet and messy instead of perfectly styled like it usually was. He looked like he’d taken a hasty shower and then anxious fingers had been run through it over and over again. Cas wondered if he'd taken a woman home last night after his set, hence being so recently washed. Maybe it wasn't Dean's fingers that had run through it at all?
"I don't understand."
avoided knowing and he was going to keep avoiding it even if it meant running from here and never coming back. He’d move further this time. Moving fifteen minutes away had been a pathetic attempt at starting over. This time he needed to move somewhere Dean would never come looking for him. Wasn’t there an island somewhere that was entirely inhabited by cats? All the antihistamines in the world wouldn’t help Dean find him if he hid there.
"I'll watch any crappy comedy show you like," Dean offered.
"Not as screwed up as some," Dean said, shrugging it off.
hear you before. If I'd have known I'd have come back for you in a heartbeat. I didn't know, Dean.
Dean ducked his head down and pressed his mouth to Cas'. He wasn't going to, he'd even had an argument with himself about it when he'd first woken up, rediscovered Cas was in his bed and had nearly pulled him straight up for a good morning kiss. But Cas was looking up at him with this beyond aroused look on his face and Dean so very desperately wanted to kiss him. Needed to.
he wants. Do you remember the first person you slept with, Sam? Remember how dewy eyed and delusional you were about them? Cas is brand new."
Sam rolled his eyes. "Of course not."
It was spoken gruffly, but the words shook Cas to his core. He swallowed twice, trying to regain control, but he felt himself trembling far worse than before, and he could do nothing to stop it. His body so firmly pressed to Dean’s, there was no way Dean could miss what he’d done to him.
"It's hard to say - a few months of your time on earth, but more for me. Jack wanted to bring back all the worlds that Chuck had destroyed - restore them to what they were before. That took time."
"Constantly," Cas admitted, hating the gnawing feeling in the pit of his stomach.
"Here ya go, buddy." He handed him the glass. Their eyes met purposefully for a silent conversation that ended in Cas shrugging his shoulders helplessly.
"I'm well aware of Dean's faults, just like he's aware of mine. He can be the most irritating person on the planet sometimes - all while thinking he's being cute and adorable. We've been friends despite each other's faults for a very long time."
"We can talk later. There's no rush."
"Awesome," Dean grinned. "How can I take advantage of this? Will you tell me all your deepest secrets?"
Cas laughed. "I should get some rest, but 7pm tomorrow, okay?"
Dean had expected Cas to dive down and devour him whole, the way he’d been looking at him and touching him, as if nothing was enough. So when Cas started touching him with such reverence, such gentleness, Dean was thrown. His angel was tracing his skin with trembling, tender touches, occasionally pressing his mouth to where he had been tracing, but even those kisses were feather-light.
"Yes, wearing those grey sweatpants should be illegal. Or at least banned whilst the stove is on," Cas admitted.
The story is going to get a little dark but I promise you're in safe hands, and there will be the happiest of ever afters.xx
because of him, I want to have a future because I want to have a future with him.”
They reached the kitchen and Dean walked over to the sink and turned the tap, filling up the bowl with hot, soapy water, for no other reason than he needed something to do with his hands - they'd started trembling again. He wanted Cas. He
Frozen in shock, Sam and Cas just gaped. Then Sam strode over to Dean purposefully.
"Oh, didn't I?" Dean shook his head incredulously, his voice dangerously quiet. "This is fucking insane."
"You need to know-" Cas tried again.
Except Dean's body was something of an exception. He was truly beautiful. He could be attracted to every bit of him, inside and out, couldn't he?
Sam had tried to intervene, sitting Cas down with a beer and using his 'this is serious' face. There had been suggestions that Dean was sorry, distraught even. Couldn't he just sit down with Dean for ten minutes and let him apologise, put them all out of their misery? But Cas didn't want or need an apology. He knew where he stood and he knew where Dean stood. An apology wouldn't change the fact that to keep putting himself in the firing line over and over again was insane. Self preservation had finally kicked in and Cas acknowledged that to open himself up to any more hurt was practically self harm at this stage. It was over. He was done. He
"Look man, you know I want you. I mean, I haven't made out like this since I was a frickin' teenager. But I just made this speech about how I was using you for sex, and now I need to fix what my stupid mouth did and
"And here is
"There was nothing to sort. I spent the evening watching Friends. I’m in bed now."
Cas followed meekly, allowing Dean to pull his chair out for him and place his spoon in his hand. He was coming down from his high, his movements sluggish.
There was a pause, and Dean could picture Cas's expression softening, a smile forming.
"If you're not talking at all, surely you've got nothing to lose now if you try to work things out? What's the worst that could happen?"
Kate let out a frustrated breath. "I can see that, but if you think you're going to just throw all this shit at me and then send me home,  then you really don't know me. I can't believe, if this is all true, that you've been lying to me all this time, Cas. That's not friendship."
"I love you, Dean. Never forget that."
"So how did your sight-seeing pan out?" Dean asked. The sooner Cas found the angels, the sooner he could come back to him. They'd get Jack back, and hopefully there would be enough angel juju on their side for them to be able to bind Amara again—properly this time—and put her somewhere she couldn't keep being a royal pain in his ass.
"Sammy!" Dean greeted his brother, who he'd only said goodbye to a few hours ago. "Now's not the best time. I'm on a date! I'm not cheating or anything, I wouldn't do that to Cas. It's hard to explain without me looking like a complete sap, but needless to say, you're a third wheel."
Cas' gaze flicked to Dean, who wasn't taking his eyes off him either. Cas nodded.
"I know it doesn't help you right now, but I swear to you that they'll pay for what they did, Dean. They won't get away with it. They can't stay in hiding forever, and I am going to burn them from existence. They had no right to ever touch him."
"We can definitely come back to that," Dean croaked, his resolve rapidly diminishing at the vivid image in his mind. "I'm trying to be the good guy here."
"Yeah, that's not the deal. Let me in—the food is getting cold!" Sam tried to wedge himself into the gap between Dean and the garishly painted door.
did you know that? I loved you for so long, and I never thought you'd love me back."
Cas let himself sink into Dean's embrace, tension leaving his body if only for a moment. Hands rubbed slow circles against his back and Dean murmured comforting platitudes in his ear.
"Oh, I did before," Dean nodded, finally turning away from Cas. "And yeah, flirtin' is a bit of a habit. Doesn't mean anything though. Turns out that no strings sex ain't actually the be all and end all."
"Well then."
The gentle movements started again and Dean wondered if it was possible for him to come without being touched at all, just from being this close to Cas while he was doing this.
"He's human, Claire. He's no threat," Cas tried to reassure her.
His breath caught in his throat as Cas' other hand slid between his cheeks, sliding over his hole and making Dean's hips jerk. Then the feeling of Cas' fingers was gone, replaced by the slide of Cas' cock between his ass cheeks. Sliding against him, catching on his hole, making Dean wonder with every thrust and movement if this was the moment where Cas' cock would start to press into him.
“Bed it is then,” he said out loud.
Dean listened. A blanket of silence had descended and it felt like it was enveloping them, eerie in the way it made the world they inhabited seem utterly manufactured. The wind had stopped, like someone had pulled the plug on a fan. The trees that had been waving, shaking, bowing as they were whipped by the gale were now utterly motionless, perfectly still in the now curiously illuminated world. He'd known Heaven was designed, but this made it feel like it was a film set with special effects that had been paused in the middle of filming.
Cas had the audacity to laugh, kissing him once on the forehead, before tipping his entire body to the side, with Dean on top of him. He maneuvered Dean onto the bed beside him with ease that made Dean let out a huff of annoyance. He’d seen Friends, and Cas had essentially just very diplomatically used the Hug and Roll on him.
Despite the deep snowdrifts slowing them down, it didn't seem to take very long at all to reach the door to Cas' apartment. It was there that Cas hesitated and eyed their joined hands with a mournful look that, despite the ice-cold air, warmed Dean through.
, Cas. Do you understand? A fucking whore. I let people touch me, I sucked men off in alleyways outside bars, went back to sleazy motel rooms with women who were more than twice my age."
"It would have been a minute of your damn time, Cas. That's a cowardly as shit excuse."
"Cas…" Dean shook his head, in awe of what Cas was doing to him, of how
If Gabriel and Balthazar hadn't appeared when they did, Dean had been seconds away from dropping to his knees and begging Cas' forgiveness. He'd wanted to tell him that he was terrified Chuck was right - about
“You tried to rescue me?”
All sense had left Cas the moment he had looked down and realised Dean was very obviously uncomfortably hard in his jeans, the ridge of his cock standing out plainly. Their timing was awful, but Cas didn't care. He wanted Dean and the feeling was very obviously mutual.
"Grateful?" Dean asked incredulously. "Grateful?! You want me to be grateful because you killed… you killed…" His voice broke.
"Cas, stop that!"
"Are you kidding me? My brother, the arrogant worm, was right about one thing - you and Dean? Your love story is filled with tragedy, ends
Sam hadn't brought it up again, but Dean suspected he'd put two and two together about the hunt, because that evening Sam had glared at him so much that when Dean had finally dragged his aching body to bed later that night, it had been a relief to get away from the judgemental son of a bitch.
"Dean," Cas demanded his attention, but Dean was barely capable—he wanted Cas. It was all he wanted. "Dean, look at me."
"That was when I thought you hated me. A little birdie tells me you don't."
Alright. That was enough of that. Dean walked into the room, clearing his throat loudly, immediately noting Sam's red-rimmed eyes and Cas' hand on his shoulder, comforting and supportive.
"Sam had left the table out from his dinner with Eileen," Dean lied.
"A burger. I made them from scratch! Plus veggie ones for me and Eileen."
"No," Dean said quickly. "You look… You look fine. I mean, good. You look… good."
“Yeah, right. I don’t understand why you’re screwing with me like this,” Kate said, taking a long drink from her second glass of wine. “And what’s he?” she gestured towards Dean. “The great and glorious archangel Gabriel?”
Warning: This chapter has (non-graphic) mentions of past, potentially underage sex-work. It's a bit rough going, but I need to show the depth Dean has - he's not all Baby, women and pie. I promise our boys will get their happy ending.
are you doing now?"
"I think I'm too old to be here," he bent low to shout near her ear. The people around them looked to be in their late teens, and he was being generous with some of them, who he was fairly sure should be getting their bedtime story and warm milk about now.
“I did warn her. I didn't do it on purpose."
As his eyes landed on the man standing at the front of the stage, Cas felt like the ground had shifted under his feet. Dean wasn't looking at him - there were too many people in between them and he was obviously pretty lost in his own world as he sang. Both hands were on the microphone, enjoyment on his face as he belted out the words to a song that was unfamiliar to Cas. The crowd danced, cheered, sang along, all somehow still carrying on, unaware that Cas' entire world had come to a standstill.
Seriously, what was wrong with him? Cas suddenly felt tremendously grateful that Dean had never been able to read his thoughts, or their friendship wouldn’t have lasted hours, let alone the years that it had.
for, just so you could manipulate me into obeying you."
He stepped into Cas' space, their chests almost close enough to brush and Cas felt like the air around them had been suddenly sucked from the room.
“When I get to Heaven, the first thing I’m going to do is find dad and punch him in the face.”
"I get that your new epiphany, courtesy of Chuck, means you're now perpetually straight, or perhaps you're just so ashamed that you had sex with me that our friends knowing has rendered you unable to-"
"As long as it's not before eleven in the morning, that should be fine. I have a therapy appointment quite early on."
"I'm so sorry about your wings, Cas."
"Fucking let go!" Dean shouted, struggling.
Cas screwed up his face.
"Alright, Cas," Dean calmed, feeling his cheeks heating in embarrassment at what was possibly the most praise he ever remembered having.
"Wings or not you'll always be a damn Angel.
Dean was obsessed. He knew he was obsessed, and he drew some comfort from the fact that he could acknowledge his descent into madness. Truly unhinged people had no idea they were behaving like crazy people, so by that logic he couldn't possibly be crazy. He was acutely aware of the ridiculousness of both his behaviour
Cas' finger slid out of Dean's mouth with a pop. "I could prove definitively otherwise, if you'll let me."
“Yes, we have.” Dean had heard that tone before - stubbornness, defiance. Cas wasn't changing his mind.
knows why."
"Then why are you always pushing? Why are you always here, always sowing doubt, always coming between us?"
Each day Cas would go to the same booth, order a cup of coffee and pour over job listings, circling ones that sounded most like they would satisfy him. He'd learned from his mistakes - it wasn't enough anymore to just earn money, he wanted to help people, and while he had no idea how he would go about that, he knew that it was something he would need in his life if he was going to make the most of his next fifty or so years as a human being.
"Intriguing…"
He kissed Cas' face—his eyelids, his cheeks, his nose, and then his mouth, over and over again. Cas had gone curiously still underneath him, arms wrapped tightly and his face burrowed into Dean's neck.
"Of course he is." Chuck said, nodding exaggeratedly with wide eyed condescension. "Heard from your little Ray of Sunshine lately?"
"And you?" she poked Dean in the chest with a pointed finger. "You're an idiot."
As always, thank you to the awesome and talented Mason and Kara for their help xx
"Hey, bro. How's it hangin'?" came the familiar voice that filled Cas with an odd combination of affection and deep annoyance. "And you brought lover-boy along this time! I feel honoured, really I do."
"I'm such a fuck-up," Dean muttered. "I didn't mean for any of this to hurt you. I was selfish to start it in the first place. I didn't think about what would happen when it ended, or I did, but I wanted you so much I didn't care about the consequences. And here they are to bite us both in the ass."
Dean had given up on eating the rest of his lasagne—it had congealed and was sitting there like a stone in his stomach. He sat back in his chair, picking his phone up to cradle it in his hands, moving his mouth closer to the little black speaker.
"I'm exhausted—I'm going to go. Thank you all for a lovely day."
"I'm not sure she will." How had he misjudged the situation so badly? "Are
"What happened little brother? Do you need me to accidentally on purpose kick him in the cojones for you?"
"You put a stop to this," Cas reminded him, scarcely able to breathe.
"Dean-"
Naomi sighed and folded her arms. "He came here months ago, poking his nose where it wasn't needed, ignoring warnings. He was talking about some sort of ridiculous uprising, thinking he still had the authority to negotiate for us. He had no idea."
Cas pulled back enough to look at Dean. His eyes were red, his eyelashes spiked with tears, his face wet. He didn't fight, didn't protest as Cas pulled back—he just stood there, his lips parted, his eyes wide and earnest, just waiting for Cas to make a demand,
"Yes. I think it's best to keep holding hands, just be on the safe side."
"I died for you,” Cas bit out, ignoring Dean's attempt at levity.
"You're falling asleep," he observed in a whisper, as if trying not to wake him.
that."
"Yes." Cas' tongue came out to wet his parched lips and Dean watched it, fascinated, his own ragged breathing seeming to echo around the small room. The hand that wasn't gripping Cas' hair came to cup his face, and Dean let his thumb trace over Cas’ newly dampened bottom lip, dragging over it, parting Cas’ lips and making Cas wish he would slide his thumb into his mouth so he could taste it.
"I swear I did try to help him," Dean said earnestly. He needed Cas to understand that he didn't just give up and let it happen. "I pulled at dad's arms, I shouted, I even pulled a gun on him in the end. But he knew I wouldn't dare use it on him. Fucking coward that I was.
"Have you?"
“Ouch.” She shot him a sympathetic look.
"It was not a date, and it did not go well."
"Got to say, I thought Heaven would be more peaceful than this!" Sam shouted over the sound of the wind. "A house, a dog, eternal peace… Sorta thought it would be better."
The knock at the door was unwanted, petrifying and exhilarating. He hadn't showered since, well,
"I'm still annoyed," she told Cas. "But… don't die again, okay?" She reached out and somewhat awkwardly put her hand on his arm.
"Hey!" a snowball came flying through the air, whizzing past Dean's ear as he ducked down low, his mouth now fascinatingly close to Cas'. "Get a room, you two! Some of us are sexually frustrated enough over here!"
"A small… what? Cas! Stop."
"Okay, Buddy," he said, wiggling closer to Cas, but not quite daring to touch him. "I'm going to stay awake to watch over you, okay? I'm going to keep you safe, and I promise to be here when you wake up. You won't wake up alone. Alright?"
"If you wanna keep away predators, just ask Garth to piss all around the border. No one comes near when they can smell a werewolf."
He was met with protests, mostly from Kate who looked genuinely upset.
and not what you Angels were created for."
Cas had been home for fifteen minutes, his TV on but his eyes staring unseeingly at it, when:
“Cas,” Dean murmured so quietly into Cas’ neck that Cas barely caught the words. “I can’t...”
who I think about,
"So you're saying Meg is in a room in Hell, living out kissing you over and over again?" It shouldn't have pissed him off, but it did.
Cas sighed. "You'll over-react."
“You’re only saying that because you keep feeding him cheese burgers when you think I’m not looking,” Sam muttered.
"You changed the programme when you defeated God and won your freedom! You can live your own lives now, the way you want. No Demons, no monsters, no Angels."
"I'm not sure we have time…"
"You've no idea how much I'd love that, but you still need to talk to your parents and putting it off is only going to draw this out. Your mom caught me outside the gents and hugged me—at least find a way to talk to her?"
"Hey, it's okay," Cas soothed.
"You said this was dangerous," Dean reminded him. Potentially fatal if Dean's heart-rate was any indication. It was practically pounding out of his chest.
Kate had actually surprised Dean today with how pleasant she was when she wasn't hanging all over Cas. That being said, he was actually more than a little concerned that she was trying to live vicariously through him, given the amount of interest she was showing in his and Cas' now likely non-existent sex life. She'd asked a lot of questions and left Dean feeling a little bit like his brain had just been ransacked by a particularly thorough and messy burglar, and he'd never been more convinced that she fancied his ex-angel friend.
a teenager on a first date. When he looked up, Cas was looking at him with concern.
"You been here this whole time?" Dean asked, peering around her into the bathroom, looking for evidence, but of what he wasn't sure.
"Dean… Can I be honest, even if it makes things uncomfortable?"
"I know," Cas agreed softly. He knew exactly how bad it was and nothing he had to say would comfort Sam. "He needs help. He's been made to believe that there's nothing more to him than being a hunter, a killer. He doesn’t see that there could be a future for him."
"Unless you end up with someone. I wouldn't want to stop you doing that. I won't have that, but you might - you
family! You know it isn’t right - he shouldn’t be here, not yet.”
Dean considered for a moment. That sort of did help.
Dean paled. "No, no. I was only joking. There's no need to upset Eileen."
"Angels are real," Dean said in a tone that brooked no argument. "Ghosts are real. Demons are real. There are good and bad ones, it's not black and white. Some werewolves just want a family and a peaceful life, some vampires are kind and brave. The world isn't this safe, predictable bubble and I get that that might be difficult to take in for someone who has never had to deal with it, but honestly if you haven't noticed some of the odd things that have happened around here, then that's on you, not Cas."
Patience shook her head, eyes wide. She flinched backwards when he stepped towards her. Dean looked unnerved and Cas immediately went to stand by his side.
Dean choked on the chicken ball he had just popped into his mouth and Sam's eyebrows shot up, before throwing Dean a look that blatantly said, '
If Cas had believed in signs, he would have been very impressed by the location of his new apartment, which was over the top of a nautically themed restaurant called The Safe Harbor. It wasn’t a large place by any stretch of the imagination - it was just two rooms and a bathroom, but it had an amazingly comfortable sofa, a TV that he could watch Netflix on if he stole Sam’s password and a bed for when his Grace got to the level where he could no longer avoid sleeping, which he worried would happen soon.
"Cas, I think I'm remembering—"
Cas stroked Dean’s back slowly, rhythmically, comfortingly.
that he knew.
"I take it you and Cas will be moving there together?"
, Cas."
Jody leaned back in her chair and sighed resignedly. "Who needs men anyway? No offense to you two." She gestured vaguely at Dean and Cas. "You're great. But I've got my girls - who needs all that other crap?" She reached out and squeezed Donna's arm to show that she was included in 'girls'.
Dean shifted awkwardly, his eyes flashing to Sam and then back to his own fingers on the strings. He couldn't do this. He really fucking couldn't do this.
"He would," Cas agreed simply.
Sam had visited, bringing with him a large leafy plant in a massive green pot, which he'd tasked Cas with keeping alive. It had seemed to Cas like a fairly awful present -
"Not especially, no. But I like her hair and her accent, and she professes to know things - she would be a good teacher."
"Demanding," Cas chided, pressing one hand to the small of his back, making him bend, holding him in place. He pushed into Dean, groaning out loud at the feel of being surrounded by him.
"It's awesome, Cas," Dean said, choked up without really understanding why. "I can see why you like it here."
"No! Don't waste your Grace on my stupid shit! I'd have healed just fine!"
"I did what now?" Dean's eyes narrowed.
"Would you come inside me? I've been imagining it and—"
tanned, because when the fuck did Cas even go outside in the sun, let alone go outside
"I think I might hate the furry little shits just that little bit less," Dean declared, delighted.
"I'm not even sure I can hear your prayers anymore."
“Yes, Dean.”
"Is it? Is it enough? Will this be enough for you? Enough for the rest of your human life? The
"Why would you think he hasn't?"
"Cas! You need to get that looked at - that’s a lot of blood. You might need stitches." Eileen grimaced. "If you've got the kit handy, I can sew it up for you."
"Cas, are you scared of me?" Dean's stomach twisted unpleasantly.
Cas' eyes shot to Dean's, an acknowledgement passing between them that this might not all be insanity - they might actually be right.
Dean watched Cas like he was entranced by him, and it might have been an act because he knew they were being watched, but Cas didn't
"Not yet," Sam said, amusing himself so much that he had to turn away and open the fridge, shoving his head inside to try to hide the laughter.
"Dean," Kate greeted warmly. "And you're Cas-less for once!"
“A thank you?” Cas snarled, stepping closer to Dean, the feathers on his wings rippling and shining a billion different colours and shades as he moved. It was utterly hypnotic, distracting as hell and honestly the most incredible thing Dean had ever seen.
Dean tore his mouth away from Cas', his breath coming in pants. He pressed their foreheads together and groaned, closing his eyes as if in pain at Cas’ answering moan.
"Oh yeah, you sound wide awake," Dean observed dryly, rolling his eyes. "Does that mean you've just been lying in the dark, awake this entire time?"
As Cas stomped past Dean with his brows knitted together in a frown, he deliberately knocked into him with his shoulder. A small, triumphant smirk appeared on his face as Dean, not expecting it, had been knocked off balance and flailed in an effort to keep himself upright.
With a half-hearted attempt at mock exasperation, Cas sighed and continued pulling his own clothes off with deliberate languor. Dean watched with mounting frustration combined with a reluctant admiration that Cas could actually drag out taking his clothes off quite so expertly, and without actually slowing to a standstill. In the end, he just didn’t have the willpower to cope with a striptease.
"Fine," Cas relented. "But this discussion isn't over. There are other measures that can be taken."
Cas swore and Dean held the phone tighter, like he could pretend he was somehow clinging to Cas instead.
my favourite part of the cooking process."
“I’m an angel,” he tried to explain, taking a different, hopefully more simple tack. “Or I was, before I fell. My wings were burned and my Grace cut off at the source. I'm mostly human now. I’m no different to anyone else."
"Gary was fine!"
"No!" Cas finally reached him. "You want to do this, that's fine. You can destroy every good memory we have of each other - go ahead! I'm here. I'm listening!"
"Uncle Tas!"
"Alright genius, what have you noticed?"
of them were right, surely it wouldn't have got this far before someone came to save him?
Dean's nervous hopeful expression fell, and he turned to look longingly at the house. Cas suppressed a sigh. Apparently Dean wanted to look around inside, so breaking and entering was on the agenda for this afternoon. Great. What should have been a fifteen minute chat and home again to wallow, was turning into a day-trip with his ex who wasn't ever really
"Can he know you're bisexual? Is it the definition he used that's the issue?"
Usually closed until 7pm, the Rock Garden had been transformed into a riot of balloons, streamers and confetti for the midday reception. Neither one of them had wanted a formal reception with a sit-down dinner, making small-talk and giving stilted speeches. Instead buffet tables occupied one end of the room, piled high with more food than Dean had seen in one place in his life. Small children were helping themselves to marshmallows and fruit, spearing them with skewers and then holding them in the thick, creamy, waterfall of chocolate that flowed down a mesmerizing chocolate fountain they'd hired for the day.
"Naomi, if you've hurt him, so help me…" His hands shook with the urge to lash out.
Dean glared at Cas, but the flash of anger had abated, replaced by grief as Dean uttered sadly, "I thought you knew me, Cas? I thought we were friends. What happened?"
The horror on Mary's face was instantly evident. "John, what did you do?"
"It will take up half of my room."
Eileen nodded in agreement, then she took a deep breath and put her hand on Cas' arm. "I'm so sorry about Jack. I know you miss him."
"Dean, I want to try something."
"We met through Castiel," Kate said, the gentle teasing tone gone from her voice, replaced with oddly cold suspicion. "Why do you ask?"
Dean had wrapped multiple items together, and when Cas tore the paper, several things fell into his lap. Dean’s eyes lit up in excitement, his own woes seemingly forgotten in an instant as he was overtaken by the thrill of Cas finally seeing what he'd got for him.
He couldn't stay. He really and truly couldn't stay and watch this. Dropping Cas' towel into the empty sink, he turned and ran from the room, not even stopping to explain to Cas that he was leaving. Hopefully the bang of the bathroom door would alert him to Dean's departure and he wouldn't be in there talking away to himself.
"Do you think you could make me beg, Dean?"
“We’ll make this okay,” he murmured. “I won’t let you down again.”
"What’s up?" Kate asked, puzzled. "I didn't say I objected."
His glass now topped up, he sat down carefully on the leather sofa that was conveniently as far away from Dean that he could get. Taking another mouthful of the burning liquid, Cas broke the silence.
"Well, it could be worse," Gabriel muttered, looking around. "We've just spent two weeks holed up in a cave underneath a village of witches, using their power to mask ours. Not having to share our space with rats and bats is a pretty welcome step up."
“I love her!” Cas said, trying not to get too emotional. Since becoming human, all the feelings that he’d managed to keep hidden rushed to the surface, bypassing all his careful defences. It had become so much worse since Dean had moved into his apartment—he constantly felt like his heart was going to burst with the intensity of it.
Dean shoved him in a way that was mostly playful. "I could hear you thinking it."
"Okay," Cas agreed, his voice soft, sleepy and affectionate in a way that Dean had never heard before, and it made his heart ache to hear it. "You should sleep."
Dean froze and then wetting his lips nervously, said, “That wasn’t what I meant…”
"There's so much I want to do with you, Cas. If it didn't involve letting go of you, I'd stop and make a damn list."
"You're asking me, of all people, for guidance on human interactions?"
Cas tipped his head to one side and then his eyes widened in understanding at a particularly loud groan from Sam.
Dean hadn't been going to say anything else. He hadn't even meant to tell Cas what he was thinking at all.
"I think I might be over-watering him."
"You're not."
"I thought we weren't doing this yet?" Cas was watching Dean, his eyes wide and his lips parted, half gone before Dean even touched him.
"Asshat," Dean grumbled affectionately.
not-to-be-argued-with tone-deaf laugh. It cut through Dean’s resolve before he’d taken a handful of steps and it stopped him in his tracks.
“Good morning,” Cas murmured dazedly.
Cas was going to say no, point out that they should be nowhere near a bed together, but he was bone weary and all his resolve was gone. He wanted to be with Dean so much and he was done fighting against it. Whatever happened, he would deal with his emotions later.
"Dean…" It came out needy, desperate, wanting—if Kate wasn't there he would be dragging Dean to his bed and showing him what he didn't quite dare to say in words, over and over again, until Dean felt every single feeling that Cas was so tired of holding back, squashing down, suffocating.
Dean tried a fork full of chocolate brownie that was sinfully moist and sticky.
“As far as I can tell, it’s quite good.” Somehow even him lifting a burger to his lips was fucking sexy when he looked like this, all rough and exhausted, like he was Dean’s and he’d spent the night in his bed, doing all kinds of depraved things.
He curled his fingers around Cas' shoulders and this time when Cas' lips landed on his, Dean kissed back, leaning into it, pulling Cas in deeper. He was torn between feeling overwhelmed and so absolutely cared about, and he didn't know what to do with that. All he knew was that the moment Cas had landed in his lap, the noise in his head had quietened.
“Man whore.”
"Uh-huh." Dean's eyes narrowed.
interested, this was way too close to home for him. Ever since he was a teenager, his one big rule for sleeping with men was that it needed to be kept on the down low. Sammy came into this bar fairly regularly, people knew him here and people talked. It was what they did best.
“Fine,” Kate shrugged. “We’ve known each other long enough—they can meet you. But honestly, Cas, not if you’re going to go on about me fucking flying and shit. I don’t want you scaring them.”
type though," Dean observed dryly, still on the subject of Kate.
How Cas managed to avoid him every time he went to the Lake House, Dean wasn't quite sure. He suspected that he was using his remaining Grace to check where he was before he visited, because Cas was definitely going there too. He was bringing supplies, helping Gabriel and Balthazar, he had even left some clothes and toiletries there for the times he'd stayed over. Yet somehow every time Dean arrived he was greeted with, "Oh, you just missed Castiel!"
Dean's fists had clenched automatically, his body understanding his need to punch something before his head had even registered it.
"Yeah, I see where I might be your best bet, but I'm good with this kidnapping you thing. I had a date with Netflix and a microwave meal for one tonight."
"You don't need to hear me say,
“Dean? Is everything alright?”
"Seems like she might be
Dean held his hands up in mock surrender.
His thumb massaging and teasing Cas' hole, he took his cock into his mouth and deftly, thoroughly provided him with a distraction from Dean's thick finger entering him. Feeling Cas in his mouth, stretching his lips wide, Dean couldn’t resist reaching down to palm his own cock. Every whimper that fell from Cas' lips made him ache more, every time Cas couldn't help but jerk his hips and fuck his mouth, Dean somehow got harder—dripping with precome—until it was all he could do not to fuck Cas' thigh until he came.
Dean couldn't meet his eyes. He really shouldn't have asked - he'd known the answer before he'd posed the damn question, but he'd always been so jealous of Meg.
But instead of running from him, Cas had pulled Dean even further into his arms, so Dean was laying on his unbruised side. They'd been slowly sinking down until they were almost completely laying down on the bed, and Cas' arms were so tightly wrapped around him that it was hurting him to breathe as every breath put pressure on his bruised ribs.
a monster - for once, would you just treat me like one."
This time it was different. With every gasp, every shuddered breath, Dean could feel the intensity of Cas’ need. Soft skin yielding, hip bones sharp in comparison, muscles flexing and tensing—every sensation felt like it was almost too much to bear. Neither of them could keep from pressing into the other to slide and grind together, both groaning helplessly, sucking in lungfuls of air that were no longer enough. Hands and mouths were feverishly exploring, all coherent thought swallowed up by their mutual craving.
"You don't need them if you ordered pizza!"
"Dean, are you trying to kill me?" Cas was glassy eyed, panting, his hands clenching and unclenching on Dean's shoulders.
“I was absolutely fucking devastated, Cas. I don’t know if you know this about me, but I’ve got some pretty fucked up coping mechanisms for dealing with the shitstorm that is my life. Every person who has ever made the mistake of getting close to me has been taken from me at some point. So yeah, I buried it. How else was I supposed to get up in the morning?”
“Do you like your new bed more than me?”
"I'm fine."
"I don't want you," he told Amara coldly, cruelly. "I've never wanted you." If she killed him for this, then good. What did he have to live for? "You throw your little tantrums, manipulate and demand like a toddler, and you think it will get you your own way! If you hadn't taken Jack, none of this would have happened! Cas wouldn't even have been out here to be killed by them!"
"You and Kate spent yesterday together? Here? All night? Where did you both sleep?"
“It’s not your fault. I made that deal with The Empty because it was the only way to save Jack. The timing of my death might have been different if I hadn't been trying to save you too, but the outcome was always going to be the same. I was on borrowed time.”
Garth blew kisses, which Dean pretended to catch and eat, then he flicked the light off and backed out of the room, leaving Dean and Cas to handle their first ever joint bedtime.
"Dean, I can't imagine what that was like for you," Cas said when Dean paused for longer this time, needing to scrub the unfallen tears from his eyes. "But you know your dad was wrong, don't you? He was wrong about so many things, but
“You vanished,” he said.
“Is this okay?” he asked, his lips moving against Dean’s skin as he spoke.
Cas knew the second the words left Chuck's lips that they hadn't been aimed at him. He turned slowly, his eyes falling on the drawn face of the only man he'd ever been in love with, the only
“Hilarious.”
"They'd killed themselves because they were gay and in love, and that wasn't allowed. The pain of it, the guilt, the judgement, never being able to be happy together - they couldn't live like that. I nearly
"No…"
“Nice of you to drop in, Cas,” Dean called, impressed at the steadiness of his voice, when he was feeling anything but. He'd waited for this moment for so long, and now it was here he was terrified. Was this still
Cas peered up at Dean and grinned. "I didn't lie - I watched it with Sam, not you."
"Who are you calling an old man?" Dean grinned, appearing next to them with a newly opened bottle of champagne. "If he's old, I'm old, and I'm in the prime of my life!"
The t-shirt was dropped onto the floor unceremoniously in a pool of blue cotton. Dean swallowed hard.
"Of course, Dean. Thank you for a lovely evening." Cas put his hand on Sam's back, leading him back out. The last thing Dean heard before the door slammed shut behind them was, "So Sam - how
“I received Dean's invitation," Chuck spat a mouthful of blood streaked saliva onto the floor and pushed himself into a sitting position, watching as Dean advanced on him again. "Well his taunt, really. Brought to me by a not so little birdie. See how I'm still answering your prayers even after all this time?"
. I see your
"You've gotta know that I love you, man. You know that, don't you? My life is nothing,
“I should go back - I need to check on Dean. Will you come back with me, at least for now? I won’t leave you and Dean alone together - you can use Eileen and I as a buffer.”
His arms had wrapped even more tightly around Dean, holding him in a bone-crushing embrace, his face burrowing into Dean's neck. At the wetness Dean felt on his skin, he pulled back to look at Cas, struggling to get enough give to move back from the vice-like grip around his neck.
“What do you think my type is, Dean?”
The Angel had a point.
Sam leaned back in his seat, shaking his head. No, he wasn’t. He’d missed his brother more than he could ever get across to Dean, and now he finally had him here again he wasn’t going to waste their time together arguing. He was opening his mouth to speak, to agree with Dean, change the subject, talk to his brother like he’d been waiting to do for the past forty-nine years, to ask about their dad, Bobby, Ellen, Jo, when a fork of lightning split the rapidly darkening sky directly in front of them.
With a long look in Dean's direction and a click of the fingers, she was gone.
Cas stretched, his stomach and hips pressing against Dean as he arched against his body in a way that completely emptied Dean's mind of anything to do with his pain in the backside of a brother. Cas squirming against him was a new sensation that he would very much like to explore, if he could just be sure that Cas would be into that. It was one thing getting a boner while adjusting to a new set of sensations, but Dean had no idea what was going on in that beautiful mind of his and he really didn't want to screw this up.
Dean sat down, groaning tiredly as he did. "Alright, maybe I'm a little bit old," he admitted.
"I'm really not keen on horror films."
“I don’t think this was a night anyone ended up enjoying. I’ll get you that Uber, and we’ll call the club tomorrow to see if anyone handed in your keys. Tomorrow is a new day,” Dean said comfortingly. "Let's just forget this one ever fucking happened, yeah?"
Cas' hand slid into Dean's hair, nails scraping against his scalp. Then his fingers tightened suddenly and Dean sucked in a sharp breath, his eyes flying open.
Everyone else faded into a mass of colour, light and noise, all blurring into one around Cas. And as the words left Dean's mouth, Cas looked at Dean with that familiar, half puzzled,
"Yeah, I'm good with not kissing you then." Dean's gaze dropped to the unfairly kissable lips in front of him. “How about when you’re drinking coffee?”
Cas was baffled. This wasn't like Dean, in fact Cas was sure he'd never seen Dean be clingy like this
"Your boyfriend is an unrefined heathen," Sam informed Cas.
"No, I mean like, like. Want to have my babies, sort of like?"
"You still haven't kissed me."
"It's a symbol of your love for me!"
"So what was the point of me hunting literally thousands of demons over the years, if they're all walking about free now? Are you telling me I've wasted my entire fucking life? That all this shit -
"You know that's not true," Cas said softly.
, and Kate was riding high on whatever it was that was happening between him and Dean, caught up in the middle of it all.
The flickering orange glow of the street light shone through the bay window, illuminating Cas' body with an unnatural fluorescent light. The window pane was frosted with a thin layer of ice, but as Dean looked down at the man sprawled naked on the bed before him, he felt warm—hot even. It was almost as if there was an energy between them, radiating out to fill the sparsely furnished bedroom and generating a heat all its own.
Guilt flooded Cas as he opened his eyes and looked at Kate. This was unfair, involving her in whatever messed up thing was between him and Dean. He opened his mouth, meaning to ask Kate if she was okay, to apologise, to end this show they were putting on. Drunk or not, no one could be missing what was happening here, surely?
"Goodnight, Dean."
"It involves a really deep background check," Cas sighed. "Jimmy is still down as missing. I don't think I'd even get as far as the interview."
Cas held his gaze for a moment, then his lips quirked with a smile. "Is it working?"
Sam shook his head, guilt written in the grimace on his lips.
There was a pause and Dean sighed. God, he wanted to see him.
Just four words.
"What makes you say that?"
"It was a person. Well, it was person shaped and sized. This place is meant to be warded - what could get in here?"
Sam."
Dean's tears weren't stopping. He was so sure he'd cried himself dry tonight.
"It's yours too, Cas," Dean dismissed. "I've always meant it to be yours just as much as mine. But I really don't think—"
"I'm so sorry," Cas whispered.
"They're like Fairies, but even more entitled and violent."
"No—I was reading an article called 30 Ways to Pull Off the Perfect Date," Cas informed him in complete seriousness. "Step one was to keep you waiting and not to seem too keen. I don't want you to think I'm a sure thing or you'll stop making any effort."
"You're cold," Dean observed. "We should go back inside."
wanted you to leave?" He wished he was brave enough to just crawl into Dean's lap. But he wasn't, and besides, he was still very much trying not to fall back into what they were before, last night's slip excluded. He’d given himself a stern (and silent) talking to in the shower and was steeled to resist Dean, however difficult it would be.
Not that he will likely ever come on here to read this, I wanted to say thank you to my very lovely husband for the ridiculous amount of hours he's spent helping me.xx
"Hey, man," Dean said, talking a step towards Cas to hug him, but having a crisis of confidence at the last second, not knowing if he was allowed. After a moment of leaning towards each other, both of them dropped their arms and into an awkward, forced and overly enthusiastic mutual shoulder pat.
That was what he was waiting for.
"Cas?" he whispered his name again, this time much more quietly, his mouth pressed to Cas' ear. "Whenever I have anything that's actually mine, whenever I have something I really care about, it gets taken from me." He held him more tightly, pressing a kiss to the skin just behind his ear. "Don't get taken from me, okay?"
"Of course you need sleep," Dean chided. "I can't believe you're still doing this to yourself. And for fuck sake, give them here."
“I’m sorry, vanished?” She still didn’t look at him, choosing instead to lock her gaze on his left ear.
Dean looked up from adjusting the strings on his guitar, softly strumming chords until they sounded perfect, and shrugged unashamedly at his brother.
"I also said you were an ass."
"Dean, I'm exhausted. I don't care what the boundaries are anymore. I'm too tired to think."
Dean winced. Who would have thought that after all he'd had to drink, he'd be too sober for this conversation?
Cas had stopped shielding himself from the rain and the drops of water were hitting his feathers, pouring down them in a multicoloured cascade, like a rainbow waterfall. Dean watched them, distracting himself, trying not to let the panic in his chest overwhelm him.
"You're beautiful," Cas whispered.
"I could use the last of my Grace to jump over there and hit you."
Dean forced his eyes open, obediently.
“Yes?”
Far from making him feel ashamed, Cas had felt a prickle of pride at Chuck's words. Maybe it was all the talking he had done in therapy, but being the one who rebelled, the one who demanded and then took his own free will, and with it protected the people he loved - that was his greatest achievement, not his greatest shame.
"There you are," Cas greeted warmly when he was finally standing beside him.
As they reentered the living room, Dean tuned into what Cas was saying—in front of Kate—with an increasing sense of horror.
At least tonight Dean was out too, so he wasn't missing out on what Dean kept referring to as Netflix and Chill. Since Dean had moved in with him, Cas had seen the first twenty minutes of around forty different films, before Dean had ended up in his lap, and at that point Cas had stopped caring if the dinosaurs ate all the people, or the little robot boy was ever loved, because, as it turned out, having sex with Dean was still the most incredible thing he'd ever experienced, even after sixty or more times of having done it.
Dean looked over to Sam to quickly check he was okay. Reassured, he threw open his car door and put his feet to the ground.
"What do you want to bet that the coordinates are exactly where that little house is?"
His Grace not depleted enough for him to feel at all sleepy, Cas had had all night to think up a game plan but had come up with nothing that was of any use. At around 5am he had started to question how different this actually was to being in The Empty. He didn't need to be forced to relive his greatest mistakes over and over - when he was alone like this he did it to himself anyway. Blessed relief from that had been one of the benefits to Jack having needed him so much - he'd barely had a moment alone to think, kept busy rebuilding worlds, putting Heaven and Hell to rights instead. Maybe when he found a job it would help to distract him and quieten his mind?
Dean had frozen, dread filling his chest and clutching his heart in a cold, crushing grip—he knew what was coming, but somehow their father, clever man though he was, hadn't figured out that Sam wasn't talking about him. Instead John was preening, a satisfied look on his face, like he truly felt he deserved praise and thanks for their shitty, horrific, neglectful upbringing.
"Without a doubt, yeah."
There was a silence.
Dean felt his face heating up. He would never get used to Cas being so open about his feelings for him, and it would never stop giving him butterflies when Cas said that he loved him—
"Look—"
Cas eyed Dean speculatively. "Is there any truth behind that worry?"
"It feels good to be able to talk about it. No one else knows, not even Sam. I've never told anyone."
"It's temporary!" Eileen defended. "You weren't really meant to wear it!"
"Pizza!"
it an accident?”
to Cas. It was his. It was always his, just like the rest of him.
"Have I?" Dean licked his lips and Cas realised that the tears had started falling, leaving trails down Dean's face, leaving his lips salty and wet.
Cas didn't answer, but he pulled back to reach out for Dean's glass of water.
“I just can’t believe I got you back,” Dean said in a single moment of clarity, his world calming and silence reigning in his head just for a moment, before the thrum of need took over again. Before Cas could reply, Dean’s body covered his, skin finally touching skin, and their mouths found each other again.
Dean sighed loudly.
“Hey Cas?”
Dean remembered saying goodbye to Sammy, thinking it was the last time he'd ever see him, pulling him in for a hug and trying not to let Sam see the tears. He'd been so loyal to his dad, that he would have walked headfirst into his own messy end rather than say no to him.
"Then what has changed, because you were fine until we started talking about sex, and then you…
Dean shook his head, refusing to let Cas go, even though that wasn't what Cas had meant, wasn't what he was asking for.
"The things I'd be whispering in your ear would be far too filthy to be allowed in a prayer," Dean growled, twisting the back of Cas' t-shirt in his fist, fighting for control.
Dean slid the very tip of Cas' middle finger into his mouth and slowly, deliberately, agonisingly, lathed it with his tongue. Cas tried to suppress a groan, but it escaped his lips anyway, low and needy in his throat.
Ignoring Sam's protests, Dean typed back a reply.
Dean ran his fingers through his hair over and over again - it was a sure sign that he was close to breaking point and Cas felt his legs tensing with the effort of not going over to him. He couldn’t get close - he couldn’t trust himself not to give himself away.
"I swear, if you don't keep still I'm going to come in my pants before I can even fuckin' touch you."
Cas squeezed Dean's shoulder with his good hand.
Sam had quickly gone from amusement to bemusement. Unfortunately it only lasted seconds before he was back to grinning at Cas with such delight that Cas was starting to look constantly suspicious.
Under other circumstances, he could be content living out his human years here.
When Cas opened his eyes back in the Bunker, he realised immediately that his disappearance hadn't gone unnoticed. Earlier, apart from the glow of Dean's bedside lamp and the dim emergency floor lights in the hallway, the place had been in darkness. Now, what surely could only have been five minutes later, every light in the Bunker was on and Cas could hear the familiar sound of Sam and Dean's bickering getting closer and closer.
"I love how shit scared of my wife you are," Sam laughed. "Remind me to tell her that too."
Dean's eyes closed as if in pain and Cas watched his Adam's apple bob as he swallowed hard, taking a sharp breath through his nose. When his eyes opened again, they shone with tears that threatened to spill over.
Cas smiled, truly moved by what she'd done. "You weren't actually going to tell anyone tonight, were you?"
He squeezed Cas' arm and looked at Kate.
“I need to shower and then sort out the food for later,” he changed the subject. "I promised Sam I wouldn’t leave it all to him.”
"Alright, food." He rifled through the leftovers in the refrigerator. A nice ham sandwich would probably do wonders for Cas right now, and if he couldn’t manage that, then maybe some soup. He heated the soup and set about buttering the bread and slicing up the ham. Politeness dictated that he should offer Kate something, but he wasn’t having any himself and to be brutally honest, he worried that if he fed her, she might stay all night.
"Did you see anything else? What did the guy look like?"
Cas stepped back, trying to pull his hand free from Dean, but he held onto Cas so firmly it was like his hand had turned to marble around his wrist. Cas gave up struggling, his hand only hurting more the longer he tried. If this didn't work, he was going to have to walk out as the only way to shut down the conversation.
Over the next few days the search teams did all they could, but the futility of covering such a vast area eventually began to tell, and Dean couldn't help but overhear the growing whispers that wild animals must have found Cas before they could. One by one, their numbers began to dwindle as they admitted defeat and approached Dean with the same sympathetic, apologetic look he'd come to dread until eventually, inevitably, he found himself alone once again in the horribly familiar, echoing silence of the mountain range.
Dean spotted Cas once more at the back of the room, before he finished to loud and enthusiastic applause. He set his guitar aside before jumping down onto the dance floor, finally free to search for Cas and desperate to make sure he was okay. He’d barely taken a step before he came face to face with his parents once again.
"Dean doesn't need to—" he started, quickly trying to deflect Dean from an answer that was going to make Cas feel like crap for the rest of the day.
"Yeah," smiled Sam, remembering his son with a pang of sadness. How long would it be until he saw his face again? Eileen’s face?
He reached the door, pushed it open and was immediately greeted by the vision of Dean, standing in front of the stove, a spatula in his hand. He was barefoot, sleeves rolled up to reveal freckled, honeyed skin that Cas dearly wanted to explore properly in the daylight. Oh, to have the freedom to catalogue every one of those beauty marks one by one, mapping them out with his tongue. As hungry as he was, Cas was almost positive that he would gladly starve to death standing here, just watching this man do something as everyday as cooking a meal.
"Besides, they're so used to us now that we could make out over here and they'd just take it in their stride and think it was a friend thing."
Cas dropped something small in the bin, slamming the plastic lid shut loudly. Then he looked up, as if sensing Dean's amusement.
to watch that episode."
Chuck was staring intently at Dean, taking in his clenched teeth, his set jaw, the tick that was twitching in his cheek that only came into being when he was really riled.
"You did good, man," Dean said gruffly. "She's one in a million—I'm proud of you, Sammy."
"So you've got no reason not to go."
“Reckless and idiotic! You looked for every dangerous monster and demon you could find, treading in your father’s footsteps, and you threw yourself into situations with no care for your own safety or Sam’s!”
Cas' hands were under Dean's t-shirt, sliding over his skin, wanting to feel every bit of him. Dean pulled back just enough to look him in the eye.
"Dean…" Cas stepped closer, grabbing hold of Dean's hips and pulling him towards him by his belt loops until he was so close that his firmly folded arms pressed awkwardly against Cas' chest. "You
Their eyes met and they both remembered, heat rising between them at the memory.
A large ball of snow whizzed past their heads, and Cas peeked out to see Sam and Dean in an epic battle that both of them were taking far too seriously. His face breaking into a grin, Cas stuffed a handful of snow down Eileen's neck, before running off in glee.
Kate had sidled over to Cas, shaking her head and throwing back her long, thick hair. She bent over Cas, pressing the length of her body against his, her mouth in a seductive pout as she helped him line up his shot, and Dean felt the anger rising in him.
Cas frowned. "Sorry?"
“I promise that when I leave today, I will come back,” Cas said, the hand he had on Dean’s waist stroking gently, in a way that Dean assumed Cas meant to be comforting. Instead it was driving him insane.
"Do you know when the last time I slept was?" Cas asked, then before he could answer, "it was that morning I fell asleep in your arms. That was the last time I felt safe and cared for and happy enough to fall asleep. I've only ever felt safe and—"
Dean winced.
"He doesn't want me," Cas spelled out, his teeth gritted. "I'd have been happy just being his friend, but I destroyed any chance of that and now I have to live with the consequences."
"Alright, fine," he snapped, finally turning to Cas and looking at him instead of into the distance. "Nothing you would count? Really? Fuck you, man."
The tradition of gift giving was something he felt he wasn’t very good at, but he really enjoyed the idea of making someone happy by giving them a present. One of the gifts he’d got for Dean was something that he wouldn’t have ever dared to just hand to him without having an excuse first. As it was, he’d put the gifts on the chair in Dean’s bedroom in the hope that he wouldn’t find them until Cas was far away, sparing him the need to see his reaction. It was nerve wracking giving things to someone who knew you were in love with them, but would rather you weren't. Everything seemed like it could be interpreted as a declaration of eternal devotion, which was more than a little superfluous since he'd already made his declaration of eternal devotion months ago and it hadn't gone down well. He really didn't want to remind Dean of it.
"Go home, Cas!" Dean called back, leaning his back against the door of the Bunker, letting it support him as he caught his breath.
He bent to kiss Cas' mouth, then his jaw, then that spot just behind his ear that he now knew would make Cas shudder and shiver against him.
- what Dean was going to have to do later had disturbed something in him, and Cas knew he wasn't finding this as easy as he pretended.
Well, he didn't need asking twice. Or maybe he did, but definitely not a third time. He lifted his hips, pushing at the rather tight waistband of his pants—he'd been comfort-eating a lot lately, and junkfood was so tempting when the alternative was cooking for just yourself. There was no one there to moan in pleasure with each forkful of food that he'd lovingly crafted now.
Cas flinched as if he’d been hit, but he wasn’t sure why. He tried not to think about why he didn’t sleep
"Okay, let's just say that there is the absolutely miniscule chance that you might go to Hell - who is it that runs the place? You'd just spend Eternity hanging out with Rowena." Cas couldn't hold back the amusement in his voice. "And Crowley."
"Yes,
Dean walked him to the bottom of the stairs.
Dean swallowed. Years of hinting and flirting, years of it all being hidden, of them never quite putting the s-e-x in subtext - maybe it was time to just say it?
"I can help," Sam offered. "You can have our hacked credit card. We don't use it now we've got the Men of Letters accounts for everything we need. You'll need clothes, furniture and things to get you started."
Dean wrapped his arms around Cas and pulled him tightly to his chest, kissing the top of his head and squeezing him tightly.
"We're not opening for another twenty minutes!"
The Empty?" she asked. "Are Heaven and Hell outmoded concepts for you guys?”
Luckily they were interrupted yet again by the sound of the Bunker door opening, immediately putting them both on edge. If they hadn't been interrupted, Cas wasn't sure that he wouldn't have just let Dean kiss him. For all the restraint Cas had in any other situation, he was not equipped to resist a Dean Winchester who looked at him like that.
Cas smiled and placed his mug down on the side.
Their hands moved together, Cas let out a long, low tortured moan into the crook of his neck and then Dean was spilling over their hands, over Cas' cock, wave after wave of white hot pleasure knifing through him until Dean genuinely thought he might black out with the intensity of it. And then Cas was coming too, his body jerking as muscles contracted - bending, arching, Dean's name slipping from his lips again, but this time it was like a desperate prayer. Dean wrapped his arm around him tightly, holding on until his body stopped shuddering, finally stilling, collapsing bonelessly against Dean's chest.
Kate shook her head. "Is this a ploy to get free therapy sessions? Because firstly, I'm a child psychologist and secondly, I'm really not sure I'm qualified to deal with delusions of divinity and freaky Hitler fantasies."
"Sam said that you've invited everyone for Christmas. Sort of Thanksgiving mark two, but with presents and without us planning on having Chuck turn up to ruin it all."
It was imaginary, not real, utterly fucking ridiculous—yet Dean felt a shiver of disappointment at the idea of having to let go.
"I was never a teenager, Sam," Cas frowned, dropping his hands reluctantly from Dean's waist and turning to inspect the items sitting on the shelves behind him. A dog with only one ear, a miniature plane with a broken tail, a China doll with blank and staring eyes, a clown that looked like it would come to life and kill you while you slept—Cas could see why this place was putting Dean on edge.
"Look, you have your garden salad or whatever. I'm hungry!" Dean's stomach grumbled. He really should have eaten before this date, but he'd been so busy helping his parents put together a shit load of flat-packed furniture that he'd run out of time.
"You're so fucking sexy. When everything is over tomorrow, I'm going to pound you into this mattress so hard you'll feel it for a week."
"Fuck, yes." There had been no question really. Dean was never going to stop Cas, and educating him in this moment just wasn't going to happen. Consequences be damned.
"You could give me a little preview now—maybe we could give videocalling a go? Just don't tell Sam I've bowed to peer pressure like some teenager at a frat party."
"I heard noises… Wait, are you laughing or crying?"
"Alright, I'm naked."
"No."
on it.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You mean every time I call…?"
"That's not his fault. It's not Jack's fault either. Punish
They headed towards the bedroom, Dean determinedly not eyeing Cas' perfect, taut back muscles, which quite frankly were a goddamn work of art.
"You actually gonna hit one of your balls tonight?" Sam taunted. "Or are you too busy thinking about
"No," Cas said again, shaking his head and pulling Dean back to him by the lapels of his coat. "I meant no, you're wrong. You
"You never care if I'm grumpy and tired. You're the only one who doesn't mind me when I'm like that."
Dean splashed water on his face and pulled some clothes out of the pile of laundry that he and Cas had been meaning to put away for the past three weeks.
He knew Cas would see right through him to his real reason for wanting to run, that he could read his turmoil like a book, and honestly Dean wasn’t sure how he felt about that. His feelings for Cas cut straight to the centre of his issues with his father and a reckoning was coming whether he wanted it to or not. He could feel it, Cas could feel it. It made it impossible to reassure Cas when the guy saw right through him all the time.
"When we lost you and Jack he just shut down completely. If it's not in a beer bottle or dad's hunting journal, he isn't interested."
The feel of Cas losing control, coming inside him, it sent Dean over the edge. He cried out as cum spilled over Cas' hand, his entire body spasming and jerking.
"Cas?" he murmured gently, touching his cheek, feeling his skin rough with stubble. "You awake? I need to stand up."
"It's almost pitch black," Cas pointed out. "Honestly, you don't have to do this."
"It'll be okay," he reassured him.
"You're impossible to say no to."
"Then I would kill Ruby," Cas said, momentarily confusing Dean, who had forgotten entirely what the question even was. "Because she's an abomination."
"You…" Dean took a steadying breath, stroking his hand down Cas' back. "You could have my chest as your pillow every night, you know."
"I'd be talking to Cas right now if you'd hand over whatever you've got there and quit being a pain in my ass." Dean reached for the plates, sighing when Sam held them away from him determinedly.
"What did you expect would happen when Castiel came here? Did you think we'd greet him with open arms? The former angel who betrayed us all, then walked out on us to be with his little human—again?" She looked at him pityingly and Dean gripped his blade more tightly. "He was nothing more than a lapdog, and there was nothing I could do to save him."
"Next week. Garth has a van he'll load up, but I'm not sure we'll need it. Neither of us has a lot of stuff, really. Sam mostly wants to take books."
“Cas,” he murmured, heart beating in his throat. “Man… How long?”
"I'm terrified that I'm gonna lose you." Dean's hand reached out for Cas as he spoke, then dropped uselessly by his side when he stopped himself. "I feel like I'll lose you either way - if we keep having sex, and if we stop."
Cas’ heart was pounding, his mouth was dry.
"You need to find other things to live for, Dean. I'm so happy that you care for me, but you need more in your life than just me. Friends, things to do."
Anger still burned inside him, but for once Cas felt like it was aimed at the right person, instead of directed painfully, uselessly and incessantly inwards.
you want me to fuck you out here?"
"Do you want me to kiss you like I kissed Meg?"
Cas was aware that a small groan had escaped his lips in response, and Dean's face broke into a grin as he heard it too. Oh, he knew how absolutely fucking irresistible he was.
someone, so he could burn all this off with alcohol, flirting and pool. Maybe he
"You've got potato peeling to do," she reminded him, pulling him away from Dean as he looked like there was a chance he was just going to stay there, refusing to leave Dean's side today out of a combination of protectiveness, gratitude and guilt.
Cas couldn't watch, not because he was particularly averse to seeing Chuck beaten up, but because he didn't want to see the cold fury in Dean's eyes as he did it.
"No, it was all here before. Jack and I went to the other side of the lake - chucked some pebbles in, talked about things. I've got to say, this is a much prettier side of it."
It wasn’t worth it, Cas. My miserable life wasn't worth your sacrifice."
With his free hand, Dean palmed Cas' hip and pulled him firmly against him, making Cas flinch at the sudden sharp contact. Cas stood there for a moment, his eyes widening at the way he could feel the heat of Dean’s body through his thin t-shirt and boxers.
Chuck laughed a cold, almost hysterical laugh that sounded more than a little terrifying to Cas’ ears. Dean grabbed his shirt and swung him around into the table full of food and drinks. Chuck flailed as his back struck the table and glasses were sent crashing, liquid pooling on the table and dripping onto the floor.
He wanted to last longer, and truly he had no idea how long he was fucking Cas like that for. He'd lost all sense of time and when he felt the familiar tightening, he bent his head to find Cas' nipples, scraping the stubble of his chin over each sensitive nub each of them before doing the same with his teeth, Dean's heart pounded as Cas thrashed and writhed underneath him, moan after moan spilling from his lips. Dean's weight on Cas' hands and the press of his hips was all that kept him in place on the bed.
Less than five minutes later both men were sitting in the Impala, suited up and ready to go.Dean had even managed to fit in a quick grope of Cas' ass which was looking distractingly tempting in his close-fitting suit pants.
"You have a lot of making up to do - not just to me," she said to Cas, who nodded readily in agreement.
"It must have been some really incredible sex."
Dean had frozen next to him, but then his chair moved away, his leg too far for Cas to rest his hand on it anymore. Cas felt suddenly unmoored without the contact. Had that been on purpose? It felt very much like it had been.
Dean ran his thumb over the side of Cas’ hand, stroking softly and it was as if Cas’ entire world had centered on just that one touch—back and forth again and again, the smallest caress, but it meant everything. Daring purely because Dean had dared first, Cas lifted his thumb to brush against Dean’s little finger, tracing along its length, all while hoping Dean couldn't feel the slight tremble in his hand.
God."
Cas threw Chuck a defiant look.
Wide eyed, Dean nodded. He whimpered when Cas' hands withdrew, and again when Cas leaned low over him, his cock brushing over his lips just once before he leaned back again.
"No, I'm gonna marry the nerdy little angel."
"My brother has gained a wife, but far more importantly, I've gained a sister, and I wish them both every happiness. There's never been a couple who deserved it more, and I've never been more proud of anyone, Sammy. You… you didn't have the best of starts. Everything you have become—that's down to you, your hard work, your smarts… I… really love you guys." He took a deep breath, fighting off the wave of emotion that threatened to overcome him and make him look like a complete dick in front of every person he knew.
"It's a bit confusing if you don't already understand the physics of The Empty, and how our specific trajectories will differ when we die."
"Forever, Cas," he whispered against his lips. "This is forever."
"Not when I haven't left in over three weeks," he said, grinning at Cas' wide eyed look of surprise. Surprise broke almost immediately into delight and Dean felt the fluttering in his chest replaced by a warm glow as Cas scooted closer to him on the sofa. Dean lifted his arm and pulled Cas closer, loving the feel of him snuggling into his side.
"Alright," Dean said, his voice low, moving back from him, his posture stiff. "Sorry."
Dean held up one hand to silence him, responding with a short, curt shake of his head.
No, he couldn't do that. His mom would kill him. Cas would probably disapprove. He was a freakin' grown up now and he would handle this shit with calm and dignity. And when Cas came back he was gonna dry hump him on the family kitchen table every time his dad started talking pointedly about carrying on the Winchester family line.
"I appreciate that, Cas. Thanks. You… you take care of yourself, okay?"
that. It's heartbreaking and painful and pointless."
"Are you high?"
“I needed you, Cas. You have no fucking idea how much I needed you.”
Cas leaned over Sam's shoulder and blinked in confusion. "Is that the Deathly Hallows symbol?"
"Everything okay?" Kate asked, shooting Cas a meaningful look, as if asking him to just say the word and she'd throw Dean out herself. Cas let himself enjoy the mental image.
"It was my rainbow unicorn one!" she wailed mournfully and she had Cas' sympathy - they did sound much more interesting than his boring plain black socks. He had spiced up his jumpers and underwear with some interesting patterns and pictures and now he wondered if there was somewhere that sold more interesting socks in his size.
Cas hesitated, taking in Dean's mistreated, bitten lip, his fingers twisting together nervously, the way he couldn't hold eye contact; his gaze darting off to look at the TV, the coffee table, Nigel.
“Cas isn’t like that. He's our friend. He cares about us! The amount of times he risked his life, gave everything...” Sam was so sure of Cas and Dean wished he had his faith, but he'd learned the hard way that you couldn't rely on anybody.
"Guys, tell me we're going to be out of here before the wedding?"
“What is it with you and marking, man?” Dean asked, shaking his head. “I swear, no one I’ve ever been with has ever covered me in as many bite marks as you have.”
“I’m hanging up now.”
Dean didn't know whether to hit him or kiss him. In the end he did neither, and when the restaurant closed and they were still the only people there, he reluctantly hugged Cas goodbye.
Dean hastily pulled his t-shirt off, groaning at the way Cas immediately latched onto his nipple with his mouth, licking, sucking, scraping his teeth against it. He cradled Cas' head against his chest, encouraging him with little incoherent mumbles of praise.
"Last time I was in hiding I played Blackjack and had porn stars," Gabriel complained. "I don't suppose…?"
"I swear I'd cover you in these from top to bottom if I could," Cas panted. "When you're like this I just want to fucking
"I know." Dean's voice was low and he was looking at his hands in his lap. He definitely didn't know.
"It wasn't about
"I'm getting us to Bobby - he'll know what's going on. What's the worst that can happen? The car flips and we die? Again?" Dean glared determinedly out at Heaven as a flying branch hit the windscreen, making him flinch. “Can we even die up here? This is Heaven for fuck sake. I almost prefer zombie-on-a-loop mode.”
"Dean…" It was part pleading, part admonishing and Dean knew he could win Cas over, that Cas wouldn't refuse him if he dragged him back to his room.
"Did you get everything sorted with Kate?"
There was a nod against his shoulder and then a shiver, as the cold air seemed to have broken through the haze. Dean smiled, pulling Cas to him until their chests were pressed together.
"-Sam, would you stop asking her questions!" Dean had finally got his brother's attention, shooting him a look that probably made no sense, but he hoped would get across to Sam that he needed to shut the hell up.
"Shit, Cas," Dean growled, feeling it like a physical blow.
Claire smiled smugly, like she knew something Cas didn't. Cas tried to swallow down the rising bile in his throat.
Dean pushed across the plate of perfectly browned French toast, complete with its mouth-wateringly exquisite pile of crispy bacon, gesturing to a warm jug of syrup. Cas' mouth watered.
"Swans!"
"Yeah. Yeah, I'm sorry. I just feel a bit… I'm fine."
"I didn't think I'd ever be back here, that I'd ever see you again, or I never would have…"
"There's no happy ending to factor anything into anymore!" Dean shouted so loudly that his voice seemed to bounce and echo against the mountains around them. "It's gone! It's over!
“Miracle! Here boy!”
The words were threatening, but Cas could sense absolutely no power in him, no danger at all. Maybe they
"Is everything still okay between you guys?"
"No, really. You're an idiot. You and Cas both to be honest, but at least he knows what he wants."
and I'm sorry if that doesn't fit into your depressing and frankly downright creepy narrative of two brothers never being allowed anyone but each other in their lives. The only way you could ever get them alone the way you wanted them, was for you to quite literally erase every other person in the world!"
-ing out loud when he found what he was looking for. Of course Sam would have filled Cas' cupboards full of his weird-ass herbal teas. Most were unopened, and right at the back was what he was looking for—camomile.
"And now I'm not."
now knows
The movie was long—unbearably long. Dean hadn’t remembered it dragging like this—he was sure it had been an excellent film when he’d seen it last, but today it was nothing but a barrier in the way of getting Cas alone. They could do this shit any time, did he really need to be polite?
, Dean. A person's soul doesn't lie and I've cradled yours in my hands."
His hands stroked desperately, his mouth dropping kisses onto the top of Cas' head as if he was so eager to soothe him, he just couldn't stop himself.
Dean glared down at him, rubbing the underside of his stinging nose as he did, sniffing repeatedly.
Dean pulled off his coat and gave the heating an extra blast, not that it really made much of a difference. The security and technology here was insane, but of all the things the Bunker could do, somehow they hadn’t managed to work out how to keep the place warm.
"I had my wings seared off so I couldn't come back - I'd hardly call that choosing to leave you in the lurch."
Sam mouthed,
Dean made an undignified sound in the back of his throat.
"How about the skeleton with the witch's hat? I mean that's a link, right?" Sam turned to look at the large plastic skeleton and his eyes widened comically. "Dean, what the ever loving
feel is all some cosmic plotline, that someone told Barbie to love Ken and neither of them get a choice in the matter."
"Cas," he growled, slamming the bedroom door shut behind him with a little more force than was strictly necessary.
Dean broke away from Cas with a triumphant grin, grabbing him by the arm to pull him from the kitchen to the bathroom closest to Dean's bedroom. That was the bathroom that had the best shower, although quite why the Men of Letters needed a huge double-headed shower, Dean had decided not to think too closely about.
"A lot has changed for the better under Jack," Dean observed meaningfully, catching Cas' eye.
Then with a shrug at Dean's,
Dean clenched his jaw and the fake smile fell from his face to be replaced by genuine pain and determination.
"So plan number three," he said, his voice sounding strangely high pitched to his ears. Nigel would love it. "Is going to involve some touching. Innocent touching I swear."
Cas watched as Dean raised his fist again, a flash of regret on his face. He suddenly stopped and Cas frowned. Dean was frozen in place, his clenched fist still in the air, his face mid grimace.
Okay, it was selfish -
Twin stains of pink appeared just along Dean's cheekbones and he squirmed in his seat, his discomfort obvious in every restless shift, in the punishing, nervous bite of his teeth into his perfect, full bottom lip.
Cas let himself shift just another couple of inches closer to Dean, until he had to tip his head up to meet Dean’s eyes. Being in close proximity to him had always been something Cas couldn’t resist. He would never usually let himself reach out, never give in to the urge to push that solid, muscular body against the nearest wall and devour the mouth that he craved so much. But some days, when he was really struggling, when he really felt alone in the universe, just that proximity alone was like a soothing balm to his soul. It had kept him going at times when he felt like giving up entirely.
Then Cas' eyes focused properly and he really looked at Kate. She was flushed—her cheeks pink, her lips parted, her eyes almost all pupil, and Cas recognised the look. It was the same way Dean looked whenever Cas had kissed him, touched him, tasted his skin and made him shiver against him. It was
“Where are your kids, Kate?” he asked suddenly. “I’ve never met them, in all the time I’ve known you.”
The moment Dean was out of the room, Cas swayed on his feet, unbalanced, dazed.
"I'm strangely okay with that," Cas' sinfully deep voice came from the speaker of the phone Dean had left on his bedside.
"What the
"What? Where the hell did you go today? Secret house hunting with Cas?" Sam lowered his voice. "What's been going on between you two?"
“What does this even mean?” Sam asked, turning to his brother. “Is he still God? Is there something left? We need to get Jack.”
Cas was fairly sure he could get the blanket over him without incident. Nights were getting cold, and thanks to the constant air conditioning, the Bunker was always on the chilly side even in the height of summer. He couldn't just leave Dean to get cold - it was Cas' fault he was out in the hallway instead of in his warm bed.
"Nah," Dean declined, not bothering to look at any of them as he swept past, an angry blur of red and black.
"This isn't as awful as I thought it might be," Cas admitted, leaning to speak into Sam's ear and signing to Eileen at the same time.
drunk."
beautiful—you're a goddamn work of art, Cas."
He turned and reached for his own coat, pulling it on and not bothering to fasten it. He picked up Cas' gift bag and then, sliding his other hand into Cas', he pulled him through the front door of the bunker and back out into the snow.
"Are you two really just casually discussing killing a man who hasn't even lifted a finger to try to defend himself? None of this is okay, even if this
"He had brown hair and-"
Cas glared at Dean as he spoke, then with an annoyed growl he crushed his lips to Dean's. It wasn't tender, it wasn't romantic, it wasn't even all that passionate. But it was covering Dean's mouth so he couldn't keep
“I’m so sorry. I’ve been so caught up in my own ridiculous drama that I didn’t see. We'll make this better. We’ll work out what you need to be okay again. You’re not alone in this.”
"It's alright, but while I'm fantasising about playing happy families with Eileen, Dean is on self destruct." Sam lowered his voice, as if there were people around to overhear even though there was nobody nearby. "You know Dean has been different since you left, don't you?"
"I'm a man," Cas offered dazedly. He still wanted to wallow, and Kate was entirely too bouncy to wallow with.
Dean squeezed Cas, pulling him up his body enough to drop a kiss in his hair, then he reached for Cas' palm to trace the shape of a heart. Cas smiled. It was about as close to a declaration of love as he was ever likely to get from Dean. He'd take it.
Cas nodded, tears shining in his eyes, because all Cas had ever wanted in his long, long life was to be accepted and loved for who he was, and although neither of them had any real idea
"Asshole," Dean responded affectionately, and laughed. "I’ll get him drunk later and maybe he’ll forget the whole thing."
"Hey. It's okay," Dean soothed, which made Cas shake his head in response. No, it wasn’t. It wasn't okay.
"Yeah, I get that," Cas agreed. "The one experience I had of sex didn't exactly leave me rushing to do it again, and I've never had a pleasant experience of being restrained."
They shared a long look that Dean wished was more, then resolutely their hands untangled and they broke apart to greet their friends like everything was normal.
"To be fair, before you came down to Earth to save me, weren’t you this badass warrior Angel? I can’t see people wanting to stop you mid-battle to tell you how attractive they find you.”
Cas pulled Dean even closer to him, planting a kiss somewhere near his ear, then on his neck, then in his hair. A hum of pleasure vibrated in Dean's throat and his fingers spasmed, clenching in Cas' hair and against his back.
“Hey Cas?”
"This is a respectable establishment!" Cas tutted. "And we've got a lovely table, right at the back, candle-lit and private."
"Uh. Sure," Dean replied, throwing a quick apologetic look at Cas.
Cas stepped out of the shower, returning almost immediately with the bottle of oil. He looked determined and nervous and Dean greeted him with a kiss, trying to pour every bit of how he was feeling into it.
Dean's face fell back into a scowl and pushed himself up. He reached down for Cas' gloved hand, helping him up. Then seconds later, while Cas was still finding his balance, Dean smushed a handful of snow in his face, before darting off towards Eileen to do the same to her.
But his heart was already fluttering with nerves at the thought that it could actually be Dean standing in the hallway. However much he told himself it was over, all he wanted to do was to see him. He craved it like nothing he'd ever felt before. He felt like he was going insane.
Cas wasn't looking at him. "Shh. Do you feel anything?"
When Cas reached his face, Dean should have known that he would have missed nothing. Instead of ignoring or commenting on the tears that had been slowly, quietly escaping, Cas kissed them away, tasting them on his tongue, giving them just as much love as he had every other part of Dean.
"You've slept with men, haven't you? Not just as part of group sex, but alone?"
"Dean," he said carefully and gently, putting his hand on his arm. "I want you to understand that I'm not going anywhere. I know I've left in the past and I know that other people have left you, so it's going to be difficult to trust what I'm saying, but I
Dean's heart was beating fast, his pulse pounding in his ears, somehow drowning out everything but the little gasps and pants Cas was making through the tiny speaker of his phone. Cas had stopped talking now, obviously as close as Dean was, his brain shorting out too.
There was an offended huff. "I didn't realise the sight of me naked was so offensive to you."
"I didn't order pizza! It's an imaginary pizza. With extra meatballs—there are never enough." At Sam's baffled expression Dean took hold of the door. "Anyway thanks for coming over but I'm busy right now. If those are for me though, I'll take them." He indicated the two covered plates that Sam was still holding away from him.
. And now everything was out in the open - everything had changed.
"Well, if Nigel can put up with it, so can I."
"Why the Hell would we invite
"Did you walk? I've not had much to drink - I can drive you back. Or walk you."
"You'll have to expand, buddy."
"I mean really - not even two months human and you've pulled one seriously hot babe. I thought you were avoiding me - you could have just said that you'd scored. I’d have understood." Dean winked in an overt, comical manner, but Cas knew Dean well enough after all these years to know that there was no humour behind it. Cas wasn’t going to play along and humour him.
"I've had my submissive moments. I mean, years ago if there was someone who would hold me down and do whatever they wanted with me - I was all for that. Bondage, toys, dressing up, anything really - but I've got more trust issues now than I had back then. I don't like being vulnerable and I don't have a whole lot of good memories of being tied up."
"Not counting Cas, the last time was three or four years ago," Dean answered, like Cas hadn't just almost died on his own apartment floor. Okay he was being dramatic, sue him. But what the hell?!
Their mouths were so close. Dean's hands were moving restlessly over his cheeks, across his jaw, threading through the short hairs at the back of his head. It was heady and addictive and Cas was so close to just leaning forward and closing the gap between them. But did Dean want to? Did he want to for himself?
"There's no sexual tension," Cas shot back, not looking at Dean. "Can we stay on topic?"
"Uncle Dean!"
"Alright. Just let me drink my coffee."
“...Your rival for my affections.”
"Nothing is worth
"I thought of making an obscene gesture back at you," Cas confided, "but you were looking so dazed that I thought I’d take pity on you.’
"Don't. That's my job," Dean admonished gently, sliding his hands into Cas' hair and bending his head down to rescue Cas' poor, tortured lip. He kissed Cas until he melted into him, lathing his tortured lip, soothing it with his tongue until Cas was clinging to his shoulders like he was a drowning man and Dean was the only solid ground left on earth.
“It’s a little dry,” he sighed after a moment. "I mean, I appreciate the invitation, but I was
"Dean!" Cas glared pointedly as his now unfastened jeans, all the more obscene because Dean was very obviously still hard.
"They're friends," Cas shrugged, truly not seeing the issue.
“He did what he thought was best for us, Sam,” Dean found himself saying a little hoarsely, unsure if he really meant it or not. “He taught us how to take care of ourselves, and he kept us together. That’s what matters. Don’t… don’t turn this into a big drama. I know it’s a lot to handle, but we can’t change any of it. We just have to get on with our lives and put it behind us.”
Cas resolutely forced his gaze away from Dean's mouth and looked around the room at everyone - Eileen talking to Bess, Claire and Kaia playing with the little ones like they were Children themselves, Garth chasing escapee kids and trying to stop the carnage they were determined to leave behind. The room was happy, busy, filled with the sound of adult laughter and children squealing. Miracle was following Gertie around like he was guarding either her or her animal crackers from harm. That dog really liked his unsanctioned treats.
"Shouldn't you talk to him?" Eileen asked Sam. "Find out what's wrong?"
Fucking amazing." Dean shook his head in wonder at what Cas assumed was his friend’s stupidity.
Your reviews are the best thing—thank you so much!
“Dean! You did think that!” Cas accused.
Sam’s breakdown all at the same time. Was it too early to start drinking?
"I have absolutely seen that before," Sam nodded, solemnly. "Just not today, in this room." He was gone before the book Dean had on his bedside table bounced off the wall, centimetres from where his head had been moments earlier.
“Cas, I don’t need to see a photo of him. And I mean, who is called Nigel these days anyway? What sort of name is that? What is he? A banker? An insurance salesman? Where do you even
"I don't have a rabbit, or any pets at all," Cas said, frowning in confusion. His eyes landed on Nigel, still safe in his pot. He glared at Dean, hoping he would understand the visual warning.
Wariness turned to defiance. "It's good for him! The combination of carbon dioxide combined with the vibrations can make them grow up to thirty three percent bigger. It makes them thrive!"
Despite the real reason for this get-together, today was very effectively showing the brothers how loved they were. Cas hoped that it opened Dean up to the possibility that domestic bliss wasn't out of his reach, a family wasn't out of his reach. Cas had heard the wistful edge to his voice when he'd talked about Garth and his family, and encouraging Dean to want something for himself could potentially make all the difference to him being able to find happiness.
Dean tried again.
Dean paled. “What? Fuck, Cas. No.”
"Dean…" Cas was looking at him warily. "This is a terrible idea. You don't want to risk our friendship, but my sleeping in your bed is as big a risk as they get."
"Did you…" Dean's voice was choked. "Did you ever watch the video?"
The kiss went on for so long that Dean's mind emptied and the rest of the world ceased to exist. There was only Cas, with his tiny moans and his desperate whimpers, with his hands clenching and unclenching in his hair, pulling at Dean's t-shirt, caressing his face, stroking down his arms.
"I ain't getting any younger, Cas. You're gonna have to finish a sentence if you want me to understand what the hell you're saying."
"I'm not."
Dean's hips were pressing Cas into the counter before Dean was even conscious that he'd moved. Their lips crashed together as if they'd been apart for months, not minutes and Dean marvelled again that this was
Cas ran a reassuring hand down his back, conscious of Sam's eyes on them.
"Okay. That's okay," Dean murmured, stroking his hand down Cas's back. "Happy to follow your lead. Whatever you need from me, you can have."
"Sorry. It's dropped."
have a decent grasp on what his needs were after all.
"Earth to Dean?" Sam gestured to the table, balls set up, waiting for Dean to take his go.
"Oh, it definitely is," Cas' voice rumbled through Dean. "I like this."
Cas rattled the handle, then jumped out of the way when Dean loomed over him, much too close for comfort while Cas was feeling this raw.
"I told her that there was nothing between us except friendship," Cas said firmly, trying to swallow the feeling down. Because there wasn't anything between them. They'd both been drinking and Dean did stupid things when he was drunk. Cas didn't want to be another one of the stupid things he did.
Being here with Dean like this, feeling his chest rising and falling with every breath he took, it was something Cas had never in his wildest dreams imagined he would have and he was revelling in every incredible moment of it.
"We need a game plan," Sam said decisively.
Dean walked over to his bed and dropped heavily onto it, his head falling into his hands as he tried to collect himself. When he looked back up at Cas, his eyes were glistening with unshed tears.
"Getting out of here before tomorrow morning when I'm meant to be getting married is plenty of incentive, thank you, Dean!"
“No.”
"Because they're yours. I always come when you call."
Sam fell silent and Dean, reassured that his brother was shutting up, turned to Jody, Alex and Patience.
"How long have you known about Jack?" Sam asked dully, finally speaking. "How long have I been on the outside of this?"
“I know what you’re doing, Dean Winchester.”
Cas let his tongue slide between his lips to dance over the finger that Dean had rested there.
Cas took the cookie dough tub, grateful for once that his Grace was low enough that he could finally enjoy the taste of food. Kate threw herself down on the sofa next to him and flicked on the TV for background noise.
"How can you be this jealous when you know you're the only thing in this world that I have
Dean had followed him, now standing so close to Cas that the former Angel was pressing himself backwards into the door, utterly unable to tear his eyes from Dean’s as they burned into him, seeing everything that Cas was trying to keep hidden.
"Yeah, I don't think so," Sam observed, rubbing chalk onto the end of his cue and glancing over at Cas and Kate. "He's oblivious to it, and she keeps glancing over here every two minutes. She's putting on a show for
Sam. You didn't know, and it wasn't your fault. Dean shouldn't have been given that responsibility -
Dread filled Cas as Dean reeled like he had been punched, his eyes locking with Cas', devastation written all over his face. He shook his head, 'no' as if denying Chuck's words, needing them not to be true.
*hides*
Dean lifted his hand to grip Cas' jaw, smudging the still-wet rainbow that was painted there, and tipped his face up to his. He kissed him softly, sweetly, with so much love that it felt almost obscene to be kissing like this in public, even though as far as kisses went, it was practically chaste.
"Fuck," Dean groaned at his words, bucking up against the weight of Cas' body, sliding his hands under the waistband of Cas' pyjama bottoms to palm his ass, wishing he was pulling Cas
Cas nodded, still wide eyed. Kate collected his coat for him, holding it out for him to step into.
"I'm worried you'll accidentally brain me," Dean observed dryly. "Take it off, Cas."
Dean. It's a lifetime of fucking each other. Day and night, over and over and over again. We'd never have to stop."
"Don't, man. I'm alright."
"I'm serious. You know how guilty I feel all the time, about
The world had been on pause while they'd made merry, but the inches of crisp white snow served as evidence that the world had indeed gone on without them. Cas almost felt guilty ruining it's perfection, and he tried to step into Dean's ready-made footprints, so as not to add new ones of his own to mar the blank white canvas.
Cas nodded. It wasn't news to him - Sam had always planned to give up hunting when Chuck was defeated. They all had, even Dean, although no one would know that to look at him now.
"I like
Cas closed his eyes as if he'd been physically struck. When he opened them again tears shone brightly, threatening to spill over.
“Cas… did you see…? Of course you did. Look man, it’s not what it looked like. I wouldn’t… I didn’t…”
tell you that I've not been up in Heaven killing copy after copy of you, I promise."
Cas grinned and Dean grinned back, both beaming like idiots at each other over Garth’s head until Kate appeared, hooking her arms around both Cas and Dean’s waists, pulling them in.
“I have never asked for your thanks,” Cas growled. “Never! All I ever asked in return for my sacrifice was that you lived! A vampire fight and a rusty nail? Really?”
"Waiting for a message from your girlfriend?" a voice came out of the shadows, making Dean jump.
"Three songs in a row about someone leaving," he muttered, turning the music off entirely.
"You're incredible, Cas," Dean whispered brokenly. "Tell me what you taste like? Do you like tasting yourself?"
, Cas. Hurt me, I don't give a fuck. I just need you inside me."
Pulling their clasped hands apart, Dean reached in between them, stroking Cas in time with each thrust of his hips. It took less than a minute to push Cas over the edge, and he came with a shout, his cock spasming between them as he moaned Dean's name over and over again, like a desperate chant or prayer. Seconds later Dean's own orgasm ripped through him, and his body shuddered, his hips jerking in uncontrollable spasms. His vision went black around the edges, the white-hot pleasure so much, so intense that it could almost have been described as pain. His arms shook, trembling before giving way entirely, and he collapsed on top of Cas for the final few stuttering, reflexive thrusts.
"You never know, Sammy!"
It should go without saying - it should always go without saying, that no one's sexuality is ever something to be ashamed of. Love and/or sex is incredible and awesome in any form it comes in.
Consciously forcing himself to slow down, to turn his bites into licks, his rough grabs into caresses, he kissed every bit of Cas that he could reach, before he finally moved to sit between his legs with his legs crossed. Cas shivered and shifted to accommodate him, his thighs falling open and moving to rest on top of Dean’s, his gaze dark, full of need and anticipation.
He made quick work of all his clothes, shivering at the feel of the cool cotton sheets against his bare skin.
"They'd say, 'Why sir, what a massive dick you have. Your boyfriend is incredibly lucky."
"If its meat you wa-"
"That's different and you know it!"
"I would like that, very much. Although, for the record - it uses very little Grace to help a person recover."
This idea had been stupid, reckless and probably didn't have a chance in hell of working. He was going to lose Dean because of it. Even more importantly, Dean was going to spiral after this and Cas wouldn't be allowed to be there to stop it.
Dean groaned into his hands. "We're trapped in here until this fucker wakes up!"
"Yes then."
"Yeah, yeah," Claire dismissed. "I bet Dean would find it funny! I'm gonna go and call him, seeing as you're still being a stick in the mud about it!"
Fingers slid into his hair, and Dean was pulling him closer. In front of Sam and Eileen, in front of Kate, and anyone who happened to be looking out of their windows, Dean lowered his mouth to Cas'.
"That you of all people are lecturing me on healthy relationships! I'm sorry, but you've latched onto a man who is in love with someone else, who is in a serious relationship with someone else!"
“Cas… Would you… uh?”
"—gender for me is entirely irrelevant," Cas interrupted, hoping it would put an end to the conversation before Dean hightailed it out of there. "Who someone actually is matters far more to me than the body they are inside of."
gone too far.
"He's got a lot of pent up rage. Who knows what he's capable of?" Dean gave him a look that said he thought he was about as subtle as a brick, but personally Cas thought he was doing quite well.
"I feel like if we're going to do this, we need some handcuffs, a riding crop and some whipped cream."
"Come shopping with me?" It came out in a rush, like Dean had suddenly thought of it, but wanted to ask before he could change his mind. "There's a huge furniture store about half an hour from here. If we borrow Garth's van, we could get most of the house sorted. I want you to like how the house looks too."
"Just a minute." Dean stood up. "Um… pause date."
Dean was yanking down his t-shirt before Cas had managed to look up at Jody, who was standing almost next to them.
"I don't know what's got your hackles up, and I know you're not sure either, but we both know I probably deserve it. So come on, take a swing. Sock me in the jaw—you'll feel better and we can get on with lulling you into the Land of Nod."
"Not in that way.
Some people in our fandom are being treated appallingly both in online groups and on twitter. I need you to remember that, in the stolen words of someone awesome - you're not crazy. Destiel is real. That confession scene happened and was NOT open to interpretation. Most importantly, Cas and Dean are ours to love and ship and play with to our hearts content. No one can take that away. 💙💚
Then suddenly, his eyes widened and a smile lifted the corners of his mouth, possessive and satisfied, the way he looked every time Dean declared, sweaty, glowing and so fucking in love, that he belonged to Cas entirely.
Dean swallowed hard, the fact that Cas wanted to be guided through giving him a blowjob was such a tempting idea that he almost gave in. I might just be worth it for the entire sixty seconds he would last.
"Oh darling, dancing with a human being is a bit different to sashaying across the room in your apartment with Nigel in your arms! You'll be fine."
"I'm sorry about Sam. He'll come round when he realises we weren't deliberately leaving him out. I think we should probably apologise to Eileen."
going to tell you to go, Cas. I know I'm not good at this, that I screwed up so fucking badly, but even then I didn't want you to go."
sex on the screen.
"What happened to this being dangerous?"
They moved into the library, where Dean had set up a small table just for this. He'd put out cutlery, salt and pepper, and for one long moment he'd considered a candle, but no, even without Sam's Eyebrows of Judgement, he knew that was stepping out of the Friend Zone with that one.
"Cas! C'mon. I'm not fit enough for this!"
"I'll just get Cas to give me a lapdance!" Dean assured him. "Good luck getting Eileen to do the same for you, after this stupid fucking idea of yours has had her locked in a tiny room all morning, too!"
"Really, Castiel. You've already got everything you wanted - don't be greedy," she lectured in Jack's voice.
The bar was busy, packed to capacity like it was every Saturday night. This was Dean's first night playing indoors, and it felt cosy and welcoming. The bar’s manager, Luke, was good at his job and he’d capitalised on the already relaxed atmosphere, filling the place with comfy sofas as well as the usual chairs and tables. The lighting was perfect - dark enough that it encouraged people to relax, but bright enough to discourage most people from making out in public. It was a happy place, with lots of regular customers. Dean hadn’t had to break up a single proper fight in all the years he’d been coming here. It was definitely one of the better places he’d played in.
"I'm not running." Dean's hands were on either side of Cas' face, cradling it. "I'm here, however you want me. I was stupid for five minutes and I freaked out and acted before I had chance to think, and I will regret that for the rest of my life. I don't want to hurt you anymore…
"I'll help cook," Cas offered.
“I always quite liked that song,” Sam protested.
"No… Well, I don't anymore," Cas qualified, trying not to meet Dean's eyes, focusing instead on his eyebrows. He'd never really studied Dean's, or anyone's eyebrows before now.
Cas was fairly sure Dean had moved even closer to him - his entire leg was now pressed against his from ankle to thigh. He was so busy panicking that his mind seemed to be processing Dean’s words on a delay. Dean was already speaking again when Cas thought to question
“I mean I can probably work out what things are over the friend line by asking myself if I'd be comfortable doing them with Sam.”
When Cas didn’t speak, Dean did what he always did, and filled the silence.
Dean paused, frowning in confusion.
"Don't stop," Cas breathed. “Promise me?”
Kate blinked. "I'm sorry, what?"
"No. Like he can do no wrong, has no faults."
Cas looked like he was going to say something else, but then he shook his head and sighed, climbing back into bed and pulling the covers up to his chin. He turned away from Dean, curling up as small as his frame would allow. He reached out one hand to flick off the light, letting the blackout curtains to do their work, keeping the room shrouded in darkness.
"Do you know what will happen then? Do you?" Dean hissed through clenched teeth. "The moment you start to fall for me; the moment you start to feel like this could be something really good - I will pull away. I'll close off. I'll end things with you like you were nothing to me. Because it's what I fucking
Dean felt his eyes grow wide. What the fuck was he meant to say to that? No one had ever outright asked him that before. On the one hand, surely Cas knew he was? He'd seen him with girls, and surely he couldn't have missed the fact that Dean's tongue had been in his mouth earlier? He'd never said it out loud. He
"They'll come looking for us if we don’t go back soon!"
Cas followed his instructions to the letter, sliding his fingers back and forth over the slit of his cock, his hips jerking and his breath coming in matching stutters as he did.
"That's incredible," Cas murmured, temporarily forgetting his heartbreak and his determination not to feel a thing about
“Dean,” Cas whispered, his voice cracking on his name. He held him tighter, wanting to somehow envelop him completely, hide him away from the world.
"Some people have a very strong belief in the afterlife," Cas shrugged. It wasn't a lie exactly, but he'd never wanted to tell her who he was more. She probably wouldn't have believed him anyway - he couldn't really perform any epic miracles these days to convince her either.
“Yeah, thanks,” he said shortly. “Are we getting food or not, Sammy? I’ll have faded away before it’s even ordered.”
Dean pulled back then, his eyes dark, glinting with something Cas couldn't quite read. There was a sharpness in them that Cas was baffled that Dean was still capable of. Cas could barely speak in sentences when they were this close.
him. He’d learned early on what he was allowed to have in this life, and whatever it was that this was with Cas, it wasn’t on the list. He wasn’t worthy of Cas’ friendship, never mind anything else, but he wanted it so much he felt like he couldn’t breathe when he thought about losing it again.
Cas looked around the room for anything at all to distract him from the absolute idiot he'd been stupid enough to fall in love with. Punching him wouldn't help either of them, but occasionally it was so tempting.
Cas' eyes crinkled in a smile so large that it was all teeth and gums. Dean hadn't said the words, but Cas was sharp and perceptive—he knew.
“I mean I was happy with my first ever girlfriend, Robin, but I’m not suggesting you go and drag her ass over here either."
The laughter in Dean's eyes had been replaced entirely by heat.
Still pressed hard into Cas, Dean just nodded.
“Everyone,” confirmed Dean, his tone gruff.
He looked up, straight into the cold, judgemental eyes of John Winchester, and in an instant he was hit with an overwhelming sense of foreboding. Something was horribly wrong.
Cas nodded. People did this at Christmas—he'd watched enough daytime TV romances lately to know. They felt pressured by Christmas and made mistakes out of loneliness and melancholy. It didn't mean Dean wanted anything and it certainly didn't mean this was a good idea. Cas hastily let go of Dean's hips.
Dean's voice echoed around the empty room.
Sam sighed resignedly, then, "Hi Cas."
don't get to ruin Cas' life even more."
"Yeah, of course."
Standing by the front door to the Bunker, an expression of faked haughty indifference on his face, was Sam. He was wearing a pink, paint smeared t-shirt that was so small it had ridden up to well above his belly-button, giving him the appearance of an extra in a 90's girl band music video.
delicious—Dean had decided to put his chef skills to the test and had created an absolute feast. A beautiful honey-baked ham, perfect roast potatoes that were crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside, cranberry sauce that was just on the right side of sharp-tasting, and there was an array of multicoloured vegetables that even Sam couldn't find wanting. He'd baked a spiced caramel apple pie for dessert too, and by the end of the meal Cas was so full he could barely move. He'd never before understood how humans could eat until they were literally in pain with it—but then, at that point in his life he'd never tried Dean's cooking. It turned out that despite Sam's ribbing, Dean actually had a real talent and although he wouldn't admit it, he actually enjoyed doing it.
"Don't you dare," Cas growled, pulling back. "Don't you dare run from me again!"
Frozen in panic, Cas immediately looked to Dean for support. Their eyes met from across the room, Dean's now just as wide as his own. He shook his head almost imperceptibly in warning.
"I don't give a flying fuck who can hear me." Dean snapped more than loudly enough to wake Sam. He swiped off the cup on his sink that still held both his and Cas' toothbrushes. Dean had left Cas' in the glass with his own, yellow sitting next to his orange, a brightly coloured clue to anyone who walked into his bedroom, but he didn't care. He watched it roll on the floor on its side and he wished there was something in his room to punch.
“Yes,” Cas growled in response, and Dean sucked in a breath. His hips jerked, trying to fuck Cas’ hand where it held him not quite tightly enough inside his jeans. “But your brother is going to be knocking on this door at any moment, and I’ve had my fill of being interrupted for one day.”
“There’s nothing wrong with you,” Cas pressed his forehead to Dean’s, closing his eyes tight against what Dean guessed was the same wave of emotion that he was riding. “Not one single thing, Dean.”
"Things have changed though, haven't they?"
"What classes are those?"
"I will allow you to live," she said. "And I will give you this." She pulled a wrapped bundle from her bag and threw it down onto the grass at his feet. "Then I'm going to disappear and leave you to grieve for your friend. Don't bother to look for any of us—you're not going to find us, but I can't guarantee that the other angels won't kill you when they get tired of your persistence."
"It's November!" Dean hissed at Sam, not wanting him to wake Cas up on the off-chance that the exhausted Angel was actually sleeping.
The kitchen desperately needed modernising, but it was big space, with beautiful bay windows along the length of two walls which gave a grand view of both the overgrown garden and the lake. These windows were intact, and even though they were in need of a clean, with weeds from the garden fighting to block the light, they lit up the room and gave it a happy, sun-warmed feeling. Cas would have loved for this to have been his home, somewhere he and Jack could have hidden out in, surrounded by nature and away from drama and strife.
this," Cas groaned helplessly as the suction on his finger increased.
"I've never had a blowjob," Cas said simply, before barrelling ungracefully straight into Dean, who had stopped suddenly in front of him.
"Come to bed, Cas."
Cas' body pressed firmly against Dean's back, pressing his chest harder against the wall. Dean could feel Cas' cock against his ass cheek and he froze. Did Cas know that just fucking him without any preparation or lube wasn't the best plan? Was he just going to penetrate him, dry and unprepared? They really needed a discussion about this.
"Cas, please," he whimpered, his voice hoarse. "
"Neither of us is gay," Cas told her.
"Go away! Fuck off! Leave! Don't ever come near me again!" Dean was screaming so loudly that Amara flinched away from him—the Goddess of all things had flinched, and for one furious moment it felt good to scare her, good to finally have the power to make someone who had such control over his life fear him. He wanted her to hurt as much as he was hurting right now. He wanted everyone to hurt, the world to fucking
been an awful friend. His face paling, Cas's posture stiffened, his lips pressing together. What had he done?
“Do Angels not feel sexual attraction unless they decide to juice themselves up?”
Cas winced at her anger and stepped back with his hands up in a gesture of surrender when she lifted her hand and curled it into a fist, ready to punch him this time.
Sam had finally had enough shots of tequila to have stopped stressing about flowers, matching ties and ring bearers, and he'd finally lost the manic look in his eyes. Only Dean was now concerned that he had developed his own manic look instead.
Dean smiled, his eyes crinkling at the corners. "Honestly, I just pointed out all the times you've put your ass on the line to save us all - that you're human now because you saved me, which makes you anything but selfish."
Dean looked at Cas again. He knew he wasn’t good enough for him, knew that whatever simple life he had that he wanted to share with Cas wasn’t enough for him, when his purpose had always been something higher, something great. But Dean loved him, and Cas truly loved him back. He wasn’t prepared to let go of that unless Cas told him himself that was what he wanted. He was past assuming he knew what was better for Cas than Cas himself did.
He knew he needed to leave. The moment Cas started to undress he should have walked out into the living room and thought hard about Khan Worms, or what a Wendigo looked like naked, or maybe pictured that weird face that Sam always made when he ate lettuce. That would have been enough to quell any boner stone dead.
“Why doesn't that surprise me?” Dean asked, shaking his head. “Can you remember any of it? Wait, I don’t want to know. There’s no amount of alcohol that can erase Balthazar's Ass Poetry from my mind.”
and Dean wondered why he wasn't more upset about it. His worst secret had gone from an audience of one to an audience of four overnight. He felt quite suddenly oddly lighter, like a massive long-dreaded disaster was finally over with and now he could stop worrying about it, stop trying to prevent it and just take a breath and deal with the fall-out.
"Right." Dean appeared by Cas' side, holding a large, bright orange carrot. For a wild moment, Cas' frazzled mind wondered if Dean was offering it to Kate as a parting gift. '
"Yeah?"
"Then what is it about?" Cas challenged. What did he have to lose at this point, really? Their friendship wasn't going to survive this, and whatever else they'd had before was lost now. Why not just set fire to it all? "One minute we were making promises to each other and planning amazing sex, and the next you're shuddering in disgust when you accidentally touch me."
"You know we're not buying this house? We're breaking in - there's a big difference," Cas called to Dean as he abandoned the fireplace and poked his head through to look.
James, the band's drummer, was a friendly but perpetually half-baked Irishman, a couple of years younger than Dean. He was sitting on the old communal staff sofa, a beer in one hand and his phone in the other.
would likely object.
That was
"You don't
Dean felt a stab of jealousy. "April was that good?"
"Hey, if we lived together you could frustrate the fuck out of me all of the time!" he called after him.
“While Angels' senses are for the most part vastly superior,” Cas said, as Dean fought not to roll his eyes at how pompous he sounded when he said things like that, “our sense of touch is not like yours. Our nerves don’t send signals of pain or pleasure to our brains unless we fire them up with an overload of Grace first, or unless we, like Anna did, give up our Grace. The very presence of Grace in my body acts like an anesthetic - essential for fighting and working, which is what Chuck made us for.”
“It’s good of you to distract her.” Cas suddenly realised it actually was.
capable of that depth of emotion; and Cas
The donuts smelled amazing, and despite only having eaten an hour earlier, Cas' stomach rumbled loudly, making Kate laugh at him and open the box wide.
Dean finally looked away from Cas to the serious, earnest look on Sam's ugly mug.
"I was cold," he said by way of explanation.
have appreciated. He didn't want what was going on between them advertised to the world, but just a glimmer of recognition that something had changed would have been nice.
"You are going to be singing on that stage in a minute aren’t you? Because comedy ain’t exactly calling your name here, brother," Sam finally said.
question yet."
"Don't be. You were honest from the start and I made decisions without thinking them through. It's done now and we need to move on."
I had to split this chapter in half as it got much too long, so the second half will be up soon!
talk and we were friends again. Things were good, weren't they?”
"Are we at the coordinates?" Cas asked, trying not to watch Dean's face as he gazed at the waterfall sparkling in a small patch of sunlight.
"He's wrong. You are-"
Cas looked at him and Dean forced himself not to look away. He never used to look away - Hell, he would stare back twice as hard when Cas looked at him normally. He’d heard people talking about it, been ribbed about it, even had Charlie assume he and Cas were secretly fucking because of it. Now he could barely look at him, because every time he did all he could think about was that damn kiss.
while humming to himself tunelessly the entire time. Cas was attempting to meditate, in a slightly desperate attempt to avoid murdering the man he loved.
Sam turned his phone screen towards Dean, who blinked at the brightness of it.
Dean hated that idea, but he realised that he'd come to a decision the moment he'd driven into that clearing earlier in the day.
for him.
He read the text again, running his thumb over the words on the screen. Seeing Dean tonight had made a mess of him, and all the barriers he had managed to erect were crumbling, falling apart. The ache in his chest was overwhelming. He missed him so damn much.
"Stop what?"
Cas' hands slid under Dean's t-shirt and up his back, before coming back down to tear at the material as if he couldn't get his thoughts together enough to remove it from him the normal way. He wanted it
in large, black letters
"Everything I wanted? I lost everything because of you! You burned away my wings! You took my son! You made me abandon everything I loved, by pretending to be the boy I would have done
"I didn't make napkin penises! I made napkin swans! Swans! It was supposed to be…" he stopped short of saying that it was meant to be romantic. He wasn't supposed to be doing that. He hadn't even thought of why he was constructing swans. To be fancy, maybe? To be classy.
Remember that if you find me and kill me for this chapter, I won't be able to write the happy next bits!
"I don't
With a crack loud enough to shake the car with its sheer force, the figure of an angel appeared in the road, directly ahead of them. His wings were spread out behind him, every colour possible shining with a dazzling brightness that made both Sam and Dean want to shield their eyes, but neither of the two men could bring themselves to look away. Dean's foot hit the brake with lightning fast reflexes, but they had no hope of stopping quickly enough on the slippery, wet road. He was going to hit Cas.
Rowena glanced at Dean, then back to Kate before suddenly throwing her head back and giving a full throated laugh. It was Dean’s turn to frown. What the hell was going on? Had Rowena been celebrating her day trip away from Hell with a little bit too much wine?
(See the end of the chapter for
to tell Cas how he was feeling, even if it came out garbled, even if it came out a tangle of words that made no sense at all. He wanted to try.
"Dean," Cas moaned, barely recognising his own voice.
"You're really not keen on letting me finish my sentences today, are you?" Cas paused, sighing. "You're 'freaking out' aren't you?"
to be touching Cas right now, so much that it physically hurt not to. He couldn't do any of that right now.
Dean gazed at Cas through his wet lashes, his lips parted, his eyes full of so many emotions that Cas couldn't separate any single one out to identify it. He could read so many people, but not Dean, never Dean. The penalty for getting it wrong was too high when it came to him.
Dean watched, fascinated, as Cas trailed the fingers of his good hand down the inside of his forearm, letting tiny slivers of light dance from his fingertips into his skin.
"Well when you do,
Kate snorted at Dean incredulously, like he'd just said the stupidest thing she had ever heard.
"Cas… I don't think that's a good idea."
Cas knew there were ways to do that. Rituals, spells, more specifically, marriage rituals.
"Purposely… Someone was trying to kill you?" Dean translated, his teeth clenching, his hands balling into fists.
Kate pressed the back of one of her hands to her cheek to cool it, still hanging on to Cas' shirt with the other.
Cas winced, bending to scoop up some snow to hide his face.
"You can't even see me," Dean said lightly, his heart beating so hard it felt like it was going to thump out of his chest. Surely Cas could feel that? His cheek was resting almost on top of it.
Eileen wanted to try out the Safe Harbor, and no amount of petty jealousy was enough to make Dean admit that he didn’t want to see Kate and Cas interacting with each other when his and Cas' friendship was on such rocky ground. He kept quiet and hoped that it just wouldn’t be a night that she was working there, a hope that was shattered when she met them cheerily at the door to the restaurant.
“Sam, this is Heaven. It's meant to be calm and happy and shit. Are you really going to come here and nag at me?”
"Well, it worked out pretty well," Kate said, not helping at all. "He got an invite into the secret fight club."
"Would you believe me if I told you that when I held his soul in my hands, it called out to me and I haven't been able to resist its call since?"
Cas sighed and picked up another napkin.
"The owners wouldn't be impressed." Cas was deliberately ignoring how romantic that sounded. Did Dean even realise? If he did, would he be that cruel?
“Is it something you
Jaw clenched tightly, Dean didn't say a word for a full minute.
Dean knew that Cas was trying to comfort him, thinking that he was worried about their plan, but honestly there was nothing he could do about that right now, and he had more immediate issues.
"I'm gonna come and I don't want to until you're inside me. I'm prepped enough, Cas. Just… please, please do it."
“Amen to that,” Sam muttered, ignoring Dean’s scowl.
Dean who went purgatory for an entire year, just to save him when he didn’t deserve saving. Dean who came back for him time and time again, never giving up. Except for the last time.
"I've apologised repeatedly-" Cas started, glowering at Balthazar.
I need ten minutes. I'm only just back and I need to shower.
He maneuvered them, spinning them both until Dean was the one pressed into the wall, grabbing his wrists in one large hand and pinning them roughly over his head. Refusing Dean had never been in his nature, but if he wanted this here, it was absolutely going to be on Cas' own terms.
“I’m glad you and Cas are friends again,” she said quietly. “He’s really missed you.”
“Jack!” Sam gasped in relief. "We've prayed to you so much. I can't believe you're here!"
"You're no fool—you know how places like our new refuge work. His soul is bound to the earth where he died. It's absorbed—gone." She sighed impatiently and images of her being torn limb from limb flashed vividly in Dean's mind, tempting him, beckoning to him.
chosen him, for now at least; and Cas might like women, but there was no way he could fake that kind of attraction to Dean. Maybe he should have stopped looking the sexy angel-shaped gift horse in the mouth years ago? Maybe he should stop second guessing everything and just ask?
“I told you, I don’t have time!”
"We could shower together?" he suggested. "Save time."
Even after everything that happened, he still loved him. Dean knew he should want to run. It should terrify him completely, but for the first time in his life, he had love with no expectations, no responsibility to fulfil in return. He was just loved. It was that simple.
“Yes.”
"You just gonna stand in the doorway all night?"
"I have definitely not been sufficiently wooed for whatever it is you're thinking of," Cas chided. "There's a set menu tonight—"
"Want you," Cas moaned against Dean's shoulder, stroking him more firmly. Dean thrust into Cas' hand, desperate for more, mouthing Cas’ neck over and over again. Underneath him, Cas tilted his head back, letting out a quiet moan, threading his fingers into Dean's hair.
Eileen, not reacting at all beyond a small smile, took a sip of her drink and said, "Oh no! That's really bad timing - it’s at ten. But we're pretty sure we're going to put an offer in, so we'll be back there again soon. Sam and I are going to need your free labour for painting and putting up shelves."
They'd had sex this morning—slow, languid, taking time to cherish each other. This wasn't going to be anything like that, and Cas hardened at the thrill of it—the risk of being caught, the fact that he'd known that Dean had wanted him all night. All night he'd felt nothing but Dean's gaze, heat radiating from him across the room.
Dean smiled his first genuine smile since before Chuck showed up at the Bunker.
There was no reply.
To reinforce this thought, a boy who looked about twelve danced into him, all elbows and glares, a bottle of beer in his hand that he definitely wasn't old enough to be drinking. He would have only been able to get that beer with an ID faker than the FBI one Cas still carried in his pocket for emergencies. It stated that he was Agent Bert of the bureau—Dean, or should he say Agent Ernest, had found himself so hilarious when he'd thought up their names that Cas had hoped fervently that they would never need to use them. There was no way Dean was keeping a straight face when they showed those off, and when Cas had said as much to him Dean had just laughed harder.
ask for it," Dean said deadly serious.
The low guttural moan that came to Dean's ears was by far the hottest thing Dean had heard in his life and Dean was spilling over his hand, his head thrown back, his teeth clenched to try to silence the shout that he felt bubbling to the surface.
to be there to see that.
“I'm sorry,” Cas said with an apologetic frown. “It was only a tiny bit of Grace, but it might take a bit longer to wear off. Until then your senses will be a bit overloaded - it tends to spread to the rest of your body before it dilutes itself.”
Oh, she needed to leave—
Dean had disappeared.
"People will know."
"Already there," Dean groaned.
“Yes?”
"We should go back down. Sam and Eileen will be waiting to order."
The arms that she threw around his neck were unexpected, but welcome. The sharp slap around the back of his head much less so.
killed.”
Cas knew with absolute certainty that he wasn't going to ever get this out of his system. His body was burning, screaming with the need to touch Dean.
"We can choose to 'light up' our nerve endings, if that makes sense? Angels can feel intense pleasure and sex can last for days when we use our Grace."
He clung to Dean, his hands seeming to move on their own, sliding under Dean's t-shirt, feverishly mapping his back and feeling the hot skin under his hands, the way Dean’s muscles moved under his fingers as he pressed into him again and again. Cas pulled Dean even harder to him, arching against him, letting his fingers explore and tease. He dug his nails in when Dean licked the roof of his mouth, making Dean instinctively and uncontrollably buck his hips against Cas.
"No. No! I know that look. Cas, if you turn up in my bedroom naked with a large bowl of calamari, I swear I'll punch you out. First you and
Out of the corner of his eye, Cas watched Dean finally getting up off the ground, dusting off his jeans and then looking around the room as if searching for something or someone. His gaze fell on Cas and a small smile played over his lips. Cas felt his own face breaking into a grin in response and then Dean was gone again, into the kitchen this time to help the other Sam.
"Maybe not."
By the time Cas was taking two fingers with ease, Dean was having to stop his assault on Cas' cock every few seconds, because, judging by the way he was holding his breath and the way his cock was throbbing against his tongue, Cas was going to come before Dean got to fuck him, and that definitely wasn't what Dean wanted to happen right then.
Cas smiled. "Considering our lack of any sort of long term relationships, we've got a lot more children to care for than people would expect."
The sound that Dean made was more of a whimper than a moan, and his mouth replaced his fingers, tasting Cas, stealing his air, kissing him with everything he was feeling.
Cas looked at his name on the table and a lump came to his throat.
Dean blinked. "Are you winding me up?"
who would die for you unquestioningly. I am the
way for you to get rid of me now is going to be for you to tell me to go."
"Cas, he's been distraught. He said he'd leave you alone when you left, and I think he has?"
, because right now, they probably feel neither."
gone! Cas is gone, Amara!"
"I'll be back with supplies," Cas promised them, surprised when both of the Angels stepped forward to hug him. "Then we can work out a plan."
"I feel like my food used to taste—like molecules. Do you know that we're all just molecules, Dean? That's all we are! Isn't that wonderful? I'm floating molecules!"
"You don't know even half the things I've done! The people I've hurt. The ones I've screwed over just because I could. I've tortured and done things, and some of them I even fucking
He hadn't imagined that just Cas' hand on him would feel so unbelievably good, and it was this good because this was Cas.
"Shit, Cas. The noises you make are like fucking porn all by themselves. You need to slow down." He placed his hand over Cas' heart and felt it race against his palm. "Slower—that's it. Yes. Fucking perfect. Now use your fingers and slide them over the tip real slow."
"I'm working on that," Dean muttered, pulling Cas towards the stairs.
“You do see how codependent you are? This isn’t a healthy foundation for a relationship.”
The rough, bare bricks of the wall scraped against his back as Dean pressed against him, his mouth on his throat, hot and almost frantic in his need. He could feel Dean's cock pressing through layers of denim, sliding rhythmically and insistently against his hip.
“Then don’t let it stop,” Cas gasped. “We’ll do this for-fucking-ever, Dean. Nothing else—just this.”
“What do you think his purpose in life is now that he doesn’t have his wings?” she was musing. “I mean all that he is, all that God created him for, it can’t have all been just for him to sit here in this apartment, talking to his plant. He should be out there, doing good. What good can he really do here?”
"This is a mistake," he whimpered.
"Your bed is hard and lumpy."
"Exactamundo, my friend. I don't know if you know this, but Angels don't handle boredom well. Sitting on our hands in Heaven - it has ended in more than the occasional scuffle. And now when Angels die, we just come back again - the Empty is closed for business."
“What
“Is this you? Are you doing this?” Sam shouted above the wind to Cas.
Dean swallowed down the lump in his throat and tried to calm himself by listening to the rustling sounds of Cas moving around his apartment.
After a beat of everyone in the room staring at him, Dean got to his feet, collecting some glasses in his free hand as he realised he was clinging to his phone in his other hand - not that there was any point, he knew Cas wouldn't text or call, but that didn't stop him clinging to it like an idiot. He headed towards the kitchen, Sam close on his heels.
When there was a tap on the door, Cas had been trying to clear his mind for no more than ten minutes. He was trying a technique he’d read about, where he would picture a blue sky full of clouds, and would mentally clear the clouds from his mind one by one. But it just made him miss his wings.
The sky lit up brighter than it had with any of the other flashes of lightning, blindingly bright this time. This was less like a lightning strike and more like a billion watt lightbulb had been switched on in a dark room. Every raindrop lit up in the glare of it, shining translucent and dazzling like billions of tiny diamonds all around them, and as they watched, each and every drop of water froze in the air around them, all at once. They were completely and utterly still, frozen in time like someone had pressed the pause button on a film. As the car crawled down the road, the only thing still moving, each frozen sphere of water broke against the windscreen, the effect making it look like thousands of tiny, shining bullets were hitting the glass.
"Dean," he demanded, his breath hot in Dean's ear. "Say it."
“I tended not to look too closely at what you got up to on those nights, so no, I had no idea anything had changed. You never said. And if I
"I've never had anything good happen to me when I've been tied up," Cas admitted, "and it would be nice to replace those memories with something pleasurable. I think I would like to try that with you."
He hadn’t wanted Sam to know. He hadn’t wanted his brother to see him any differently and he wasn’t prepared to even think about dealing with the things Sam now knew about. Screw him knowing about him sleeping with Cas - this was on a whole other fucked up level. Sam would never be able to look at him now without knowing what Dean had done.
"Kate is planning on going tomorrow night - it's her weekend without the children, and she did ask if I wanted to join her," Cas mused thoughtfully.
"What… uh… are you doing?"
The kiss was hard, almost punishing in it’s frustration and Dean wasn't kissing him back - his lips were frozen in a hard, firm line, hands braced against his chest. He wasn't pushing him away or even holding him back, just putting up an unconscious barrier. When Cas finally pulled back his eyes were drawn to Dean's lips, swollen from the bruising kisses and turned down in disapproval.
"Sam-"
Cas threw him a grateful look. He loved Dean with everything he had in him, and it was when he was like this - protective and kind, that it was most difficult to keep it in. Cas sometimes said the words so loudly in his own head that he worried he was saying them out loud inadvertently.
There was a silence, broken only by the rustle of the material of Dean's coat as he lifted his hands in a clear gesture of, '
Dean laughed, moving closer to them. Stepping up behind Cas, he wrapped one arm firmly around his waist.
Eventually the road became uneven and started twisting and turning. Baby bumping over the makeshift surface resulted in Cas hitting his head on the window one too many times, until he gave up on the pretence entirely and squinted through the window to see where they were.
"I didn't think of it being… do Angels have some sort of supernatural fighting powers?"
“Morning, Sammy. With those bags under your eyes and that morning hair, you look like you’re on your way to audition for lead singer of a Kiss cover band.”
Kate shook her head. "My weekend with the girls."
"When you decided to invite Chuck to our home, did you even for a minute think about the effect it would have on Eileen, who was
Cas nodded in understanding. Kate and her husband had split amicably two years ago, and her daughters spent three weekends a month with their father. It wasn't ideal, but it meant Kate could study in peace when she wasn't working, and it worked for them.
This time he sank almost all the way into him, shuddering helplessly at the feel of it, at the feel of Cas all around him, still unbelievably tight despite all Dean's careful preparation.
“Yes. I’m sorry—it must be hard for you, especially as you didn’t get a chance to have this with them.” He missed Jack too—so much.
"Dean’s a hunter.” Well, he might as well go all in. “He killed Hitler."
"You know, jealousy does not become you. Meg is in Hell," Cas murmured almost sleepily, as if closing his eyes had made him tired. Dean knew he was faking it - he didn't need to sleep.
Sex-work holds far too much stigma in our society. When chosen freely, sex-work is just work, just as valid as anyone else's job. What Dean was driven to do in this chapter is not the same thing.
The heat, the sensation of Dean's warm breath on his nerve-rich fingertips—it made his knees suddenly weak.
After it was made and the carrot was firmly in place, they had another battle. Cas' fingers and toes were hurting from the cold, his face stinging and his lungs burning from the exertion of being chased by his friends. He looked at Dean across the heads of their friends and a jolt of awareness went through him when he realised Dean's eyes were already on him. Caught, suddenly unable to move, Cas did what he'd never dared to do before—slowly, deliberately, he winked.
"Yes, I do want that. But—"
He'd not felt like a teenager on a first date since he'd actually
"It sounds perfect. You gonna apply?"
The uppercut lifted Chuck off his feet and sent him crashing backwards into the table, making Cas jerk his head up. Chuck's head ricocheted off the surface and his now limp body slid to the ground in a broken heap.
“I’m going to need a skylight too. I want to be able to lie in bed and look up at the stars.”
, but what happened between us
was my favourite part of this whole damn day."
Cas watched as Sam laughed at something Garth said to him, his head thrown back and his face lit up. He watched Bess and Eileen laughing together as they pored over something on Bess' phone. He watched Dean sink to the floor in front of Miracle and Gertie, showing the delighted little girl how to get the sandy-coloured, endlessly patient dog to roll onto his back for tummy tickles.
Dean moaned, heat and need pooling in his belly. He'd never wanted anyone more than he wanted Cas—not ever. His entire body burned with it, his mind struggling to hang on to a single coherent thought in its overwhelming chant of,
"You really need to try this," he mumbled around a mouthful of chocolate. "It's even better than the cheesecake."
Now all Cas wanted to do was go to him. He picked up his phone and wondered how bad it would really be if he sent him just one quick text. But Dean hadn't texted
Dean could still
okay?" he asked, knowing Dean would never say he wasn't, but needing to ask anyway.
"Promise the world won't implode?" Dean whispered, still not lifting his arms, but now Cas could feel the heat of Dean’s body through their shirts as Dean leaned even closer, pressing them together.
Dean dragged his hands down his face tiredly.
Cas—and he was giving himself to Dean with eager abandon in a way that Dean hadn’t been able to capture in even his most detailed of fantasies.
"Because you're the clumsy one," Dean observed rather unfairly. "You fall over your own feet in those big clown shoes of yours. Just try to deny it."
"Dean, you have to understand that I'm not doing this to hurt you!"
was anything but okay.
Cas' eyes narrowed.
okay?" Dean couldn't look at him while he waited for him to answer. He was ashamed to admit that part of him almost wanted Cas to lie.
and not some random stranger you'd picked up in a bar. Or maybe I just imagined it. Maybe it meant nothing. I truly don't know anymore."
"Yes, Dean. I remember."
Balthazar threw Dean a withering look that had absolutely no effect.
"Dicks? He made Angels complete dicks." Dean seemed to register that he was saying this to a group of Angels only when all three of them turned to him with various levels of annoyance clearly written on their faces. Dean caught Cas' eye and shrugged unapologetically.
and smiled.
"I'd been prepared for his stubbornness and fury, but no one had prepared me for his kindness, his humanity. All the things I'd hoped you would be,
"Don't we already do things like this anyway?"
. But then after their talk at Christmas, I think Dean has been better? So if she's actually helping, maybe I was wrong?"
As he walked past their door on his way to the bathroom, the sound of over the top, scripted moans came to his ears. Either they were watching porn, or they were re-watching Game of Thrones again. Either way, he definitely wasn’t going to knock on that door, any more than he was just going to sit at the table in the library and drink alone. Not tonight, anyway.
“Apparently.”
, the way his voice would drop so low that instead of hearing the words, they vibrated right through Dean, setting his nerves on fire.
"I don't know how to do this," Cas admitted, embarrassed. “I feel like I have too many limbs.”
"I can see that talking to you is pointless." Without hesitation or fear, she easily pushed the blade away from where it trembled against her throat. The blade slipped through his numb fingers and fell with a soft thud into the grass just as his control slipped and a howl ripped from his throat.
He didn't bother to get properly dressed. He was too eager to see Dean, both to make sure things were okay between them, and to find out what Dean was creating in that tiny kitchen of his. Cas pulled on his robe and tied it firmly around his waist.
"Me, you, Jack. The three of us, living somewhere like this together?" Dean said, biting his bottom lip, sounding nervous. "You know, as friends?"
It was over. It was over and Dean was breaking apart piece by piece.
"I'd always considered getting a tattoo, but I hadn't considered getting one of Cassie's name, especially not after he literally stabbed me in the back."
"I just… I tried to talk them out of it, but they're insisting on coming to the wedding, and I know how it always was when we were kids—but Dean, we're not kids anymore, and you were happy! You
“Bedroom,” Cas demanded. He pulled Dean after him, kicking off his shoes as he walked backwards, not wanting to take his eyes off him. The look was borderline predatory, but
Dean closed his eyes. Maybe she could burn
“Do you know what I did the night you were taken from me?” he asked, his voice so full of emotion that Cas ached to hear it.
"Firstly, you're in the way," Dean said to Sam, ignoring Cas and shoving the Monopoly board to the side. Little cards, houses and hotels scattered everywhere, to a cry of horror from Sam and a suspiciously pleased smirk from Eileen.
“Dean?” Cas let his fingers slide further down his jaw, gripping Dean’s chin gently to tip his face up. Dean’s face came up, but he refused to meet Cas' eyes. Cas took in the tear tracks down Dean’s face, his red rimmed eyes that were so full of shame. Dean was hurting so much and up until now Cas hadn't realised how much worse it had made things when he’d allowed the Empty to take him. This wasn't just anybody he'd left behind, this was Dean, who felt responsible for every death; Dean who believed that no one should care about him, because they would always get hurt, die - or worse; Dean who didn’t feel he was worth any sacrifice, however small. The guilt was drowning them both.
"Claire!" Jody scolded from the bottom of the stairs.
Cas leaned back into the pillows and closed his eyes. If he was attempting to come off as relaxed, the arms that were firmly folded over his chest would have given him away instantly.
"I was out getting laid, Sammy. Fit blonde at the bar. Do you want a blow by blow? I can draw a picture, if you like. Gonna need an extra-big crayon if you want me to draw my dick for ya!"
He stripped and slid between the cold sheets, ignoring the goose pimples that popped up all over his body. He could call Cas. It wasn’t late, was it? Cas didn’t sleep, so it wasn’t like Dean would wake him if he called. Fuck, he was needy. And horny. He'd never date himself. In fact, he'd have given himself the clichéd 'it's not you, it's me' speech and changed his phone number by now. God, he was a dick.
“I didn’t think that. Much. I mean, when I first met you, you were the most terrifying being I’d ever seen, so it was a bit difficult to imagine you peacefully sitting on a cloud when you were burning people's eyes out and threatening to send me back to Hell.”
"Fuck off with that. No you wouldn't. I wouldn't have been either," Dean interrupted impatiently.
“Eighty-six?” he asked, grinning at the Sam Winchester next to him, who didn’t look a day over 35. “Looking good, Sammy. Oil of Olay working out well for ya.”
“It doesn’t matter now,” Cas said awkwardly, wanting to give them both an out. "It's done with. We can… We can be friends again. If you want."
Dean's eyes widened, and then his entire face lit up with excitement.
"We've been sociable all day," Dean murmured, snuggling closer into Cas’ side. "We can take five minutes out. I’ve barely seen you today."
"You're upset."
"Eileen," Dean murmured, reaching out to tap her hand to get her attention. She looked up, a kind smile on her face. "I'm sorry. What I did was thoughtless. I never meant to hurt you."
Dean shrugged and smiled softly. "I can think of worse things."
It should have come with a warning for epileptics, and maybe for humanity in general. If he crossed the street wearing it, he was likely to cause horrific traffic accidents.
"Still tasting molecules?" Dean asked him, sympathetically. He could understand the pain it would cause not to be able to enjoy food anymore.
Cas looked out of the window, watching fields and houses shoot by the window in a blur.
Cas turned towards Dean and narrowed his eyes.
Dean refused to panic, refused to be goaded. This was it. This was how he was going to get Cas back. He'd been searching for the angels and they'd found him! His heart thundered in his chest, hope rising and filling his lungs.
Dean smiled, but it didn't reach his eyes. He'd had confirmation that Cas wanted more children, a family, and that was part of what they were doing here - trying to maintain a platonic friendship so Cas could have a family alongside it. The issue being that nothing felt platonic at all with Cas. Everything felt loaded with tension—every look, every smile, every tone weighted.
The third episode had finished twenty minutes ago and Dean knew he should probably sleep. Cas should either go home or go back to the room he had here - either way, they should go their separate ways for the night. But Dean didn't want that, so he was stalling.
happen before. I mean there’s straying off the path and then there’s
"Look at you - you don't even know do you?"
with this shit."
to think you're doing this for Cas. You want to feel like the good guy making the big sacrifice, being the martyr, sacrificing your own happiness for his. But really, you're just shit scared."
"I have no idea. Maybe?"
"Some. I can still stay awake if I need to, so it's not all gone."
"You're missing it!"
"My point," Chuck snapped, his playful tone hardening, his easygoing smile suddenly replaced with a cruel smirk. "My point is that you're no different from any of the other thousands of Deans out there. You're a clone, a jaded hunter with a death wish, who is in love with a Celestial being who he has no chance of happiness with. You're not unique, your decisions don't mean a single thing!"
“Fucking seriously?” Dean twisted his neck, turning his head back as he pulled at the waistband of his pants to try to peer at his already fairly freckly behind. Which one was Cas' signature?
Cas could feel his blood pressure rising from sheer exasperation. “Have you completely lost your mind?”
"Yep," Dean agreed, not caring about it anymore, not now Cas was this close. He closed his eyes and buried his nose in Cas' hair. Even with the bitter wind whipping around their legs, people walking past, neither of them looking up - this was safe. This was right. That didn't have to mean anything, did it? It didn't have to be dangerous - it was just one friend comforting another.
The jarring sound of a door slamming brought him out of his thoughts and a moment later Dean stomped down into the bunker, Miracle close on his heels. He was still wearing the same clothes that Cas had seen him wearing the night before. He looked tired and tense. Cas's heart sank.
“I don’t know what’s wrong with me,” Dean said with a little laugh, trying to brave out the fact that his entire foundation had been shaken by nothing more and nothing less than Cas’ touch.
"Yes. Thank you," Cas said, being polite while pointedly glaring at Dean.
Toddler Cas especially had taken to Dean, and it had amused Sam no end to see Dean dealing with a tiny Cas with personal space issues instead of an adult one.
don't want to hurt anymore."
"Your t-shirt has holes."
Dean wanted to slide his fingers over him to feel.
"Call me stupid Cas, but I don't see much free will in me not having a choice in whether or not we're friends! That's some fucked up logic."
During his break Dean sat on the edge of the stage and checked his messages. Why he thought Cas would have texted him when they’d specifically agreed on tomorrow, he wasn’t quite sure. Not wanting to catch anyone’s eye, because then they’d want to talk to him, he kept his head down, his eyes on his phone screen.
Mary just smiled, no answer needed. They were a team, spoke with one voice and Dean wondered if it had always been like this, or if his usually fiery mother was staying quiet purely to keep the peace on Sam's big day and would tell John what an idiot he was once they were alone.
Dean eyed him seriously, arms folded across his chest in a posture that Cas knew meant he was feeling defensive. Kate was prying.
Dean loved how Cas' legs automatically parted to make space for him, strong thighs braced against his hips, legs locking him in place with a vice-like grip. In no mood to be slow or hesitant, Dean ground his hips against Cas, revelling in the moan that tore from his throat. Taking advantage of the way Cas threw his head back, Dean locked his mouth on his throat. He was in no mood to be gentle right now either and he bit and sucked hard, leaving small, bruising marks all down Cas’ neck as the former angel writhed underneath him breathlessly.
. There were times when I was with him and it felt like everything would be okay, could be good again. But it all ends in pain, and Cas has had enough of that to last a lifetime."
Sam held out his hand. On his little finger was a far too small red plastic halloween ring with a spider on it - the kind you would find in a child's party bag, or one of those plastic eggs children seemed inexplicably obsessed with.
“I won't stop,” Dean vowed. He didn’t think he could if he wanted. "Say it, Cas. Tell me." It was selfish when he couldn’t say it himself, but he needed to hear it again.
"I promise I'll never leave you," Cas gasped, surrendering. "Never, Dean. I'm yours. I'll always be yours."
"Not possible," Cas ground out, and Kate laughed, making Cas even more aware that this wasn't just them—there was a room full of people serving as an audience to his complete and utter failure to master this basic human skill.
"Fuck you," Claire responded succinctly.
He watched Cas shredding his napkin with a contemplative look on his face. Running his hand through his hair, he sighed.
"You can trust me," Sam continued, thinking Dean's lack of response was hesitation rather than the fact that Dean's own revelation had just turned his thoughts into white noise. "Dean, talk to me?"
Dean dried his hands off on a dish towel, before throwing it carelessly onto the side.
The fabric of Dean’s jeans under his fingers was soft, like it had been washed a million times, the fabric beaten into submission. Heat bloomed between his palm and Dean's thigh, but Cas didn't know if Dean was overheating or he was. Cas counted slowly. On thirty, he was going to take his hand back casually. As if it had meant nothing. As if his entire body wasn't starting to tremble with just this tiny touch, this small amount of daring.
"Dude, you're so fucking obvious! You've got it bad."
"I don't think he deserves my ire either," Cas sighed. "He was clear that it wouldn't last, that it was only sex. I was just… more attached than I should have been."
"I know this is gonna sound like a shitty excuse, but I've just got to work out where Cas has got to, and then we'll talk."
- you couldn't have put a bit more effort into the food?"
He was so very screwed. He was going to end up with goats living in his bathtub and some poor rescued raccoon sleeping between them in bed. And he'd do it all with a smile, because seeing Cas happy was
man didn't deserve to be used in this way.
"Dean. Castiel. How wonderful, and only
Kate took in a sudden, sharp breath, taken aback. However suspicious Dean had felt about her motivations, however much he felt like Kate was that little bit too much, that little bit too present in their lives, he hadn’t been this curt with her since the first time he’d met her, sitting at that table with Cas in the restaurant below them.
The knee impatiently nudging his legs apart surprised him, and Dean had literal seconds to marvel at the image of Cas kneeling between his legs, before Cas had bent low and swiped his tongue up the length of Dean's cock.
"It's my pleasure, Sir!" she curtsied demurely.
"Sam..." Eileen warned.
Cas hadn't even realised that Dean's body was so full of tension until his shoulders dropped and he seemed to almost sag against the counter with relief. After he'd gathered himself, he turned towards Cas.
"Dean," Cas croaked after another full minute had passed.
"Amara, please."
"Alex, maybe you could set the table while I talk to Patience?" she asked calmly.
"Light, dark - it doesn't matter. My brother was filled with light and look at the evil he did. I'm not killing you because I am
"No," he refused flatly.
Cas's fists clenched uselessly by his sides. Normally he would have left, would have given them both some space to calm down. But this wasn't a normal situation, and even if their plan had the wrong person beating Chuck up, the entire point had been to put the ex-God's life in danger. Sam was getting close to achieving this with his fists alone, his fury continuing to lend weight to every blow that connected with Chuck's battered face.
It didn't take long, and soon Dean was back, serving the food and then sitting down in the chair opposite Cas.
Dean laughed. "I’ll take that as a hint and get on with it. Well done again Sammy. Proud of you." He pulled Sam in for a hug, then Eileen, and gave the rest of the group a wave before heading back for the stage. He was halfway across the room before a familiar voice stopped him.
Cas ducked out from under Dean's arm, but before he could take a step, Dean had grabbed his hand and was leading him there instead.
"Cas…"
"Alright Beyoncé, grab your tea and let's try this sleeping thing. You can drink it in bed."
“Cas, you’ve got to know that I didn’t--”
have resisted. Instead he allowed himself to be pulled to a space on the floor, next to where a drunk Donna had just pulled Patience and Alex up to dance in an uncoordinated triad.
"It sounds a lot like an excuse."
"Yes. I'm just unsure whether or not I'm hungry," Cas explained. "I still have some Grace, and I'm unsure if this feeling is hunger or just anxiety."
peace. I'm not trying to screw that up. I swear to you that I'm not going to hurt you, Dean. Wherever you think I was, I
Dean had the audacity to grin as his ass hit the worktop and Cas still pushed, until they were chest to chest, Dean’s thighs spreading to let Cas step between them.
He wrapped his other arm around Cas and pulled him so tightly to him that he was pretty sure he was close to maiming him. Warmth spread through his chest and it was so powerful that just for a moment it took his breath away.
Sam's face lit up and he gave Cas such an affectionate look that, despite his misery, Cas found himself smiling back. When they had first met he had thought he would never warm to Sam, but now he was incredibly grateful to be able to call him a friend.
"One day I'd like to live somewhere where I can have a hive," Cas sighed wistfully.
"It is," Cas agreed with a small shrug. "But I'm past the point of caring, Dean. And to be honest, who do we really think we were kidding? Demons and Angels alike think we're…"
"We're doing okay, aren't we?" Dean asked suddenly. "Being friends, I mean. I feel like this is working?"
"You're not alone in this, Dean."
"I apologise for my friend," Cas said, annoyance finally showing. "He's an ass."
Eileen's nose scrunched up like it always did when she was thinking something over. Cas loved watching Sam whenever it happened, because the man's face would break into a huge grin every time, and he'd look at her with such love in his eyes that Cas sometimes felt like a voyeur, like he shouldn't be witnessing it.
