"The worst of the smell is back here," he noted. He turned back and saw John reaching toward the latch, hesitating. "Careful."
"No," Sherlock said, already sounding like he was thinking ahead on another clue. "Too many prints for this one as well, as haphazard as they are. It's a companion."
The detective managed to dodge but was not fast enough. The knife's edge grazed his left cheek, slitting up a wound dangerously close to his eye. He could feel the warm trickle of blood on his face, even though a surge of adrenalin momentarily blocked out the sensation of pain.
Relief was the first emotion to flood Sherlock's open and very aware eyes when the door was opened and revealed John. Immediately he sputtered muffled words into his gag, and his long, thin body renewed its struggles against the bonds. John hurried to kneel by his friend's side, setting the axe down beside him as he pulled away the piece of duct tape covering the detective's mouth. Sherlock winced from the obvious pain it caused, but at least he had the sense not to berate his assistant. John could not wait to free him, but he would need something sharp to cut through the many layers of duct tape.
The thought quickly dissipated when Mycroft redirected his attention to the bed containing his younger brother. He had seen Sherlock in a hospital bed before, of course, badly beat up and in critical condition. The slender form, still covered in a multitude of bruises, scrapes and swellings from top to bottom, was slightly more recognizable now that the dried blood, dirt and grime had been washed away. Sherlock was naked save for the thick plaster cast on his right forearm, likely for practical purposes, although a plain white hospital sheet had been pulled up to his waist for modesty's sake. One particular area was extra difficult not to ogle. The shape of the detective's bony physique was painfully obvious even beneath the sheet, and thus the absence of anything below the left knee was particularly jarring.
Between the gulps of air and mouthfuls of water his struggling body could not help but swallow, John was aware of very little. He struggled to keep his head above the surface, but the currents were too strong, and he was too weak from shock and loss of blood to successfully battle the river. White foam filled his vision and the roar of gushing water filled his ears, leaving him deaf to virtually all other sounds.
No way out. The three-fingered beast before him knew it and grabbed John's neck, baring what few teeth it had and licking the man's skin as though savoring the flavor of a freshly cooked meal.
The elder Holmes tried to steel himself for the discovery. He had been working toward mentally preparing himself for this exact finding with dogged determination, but even though his logical brain had predicted the outcome, and accepted it, his feeling side - small, underdeveloped, and deeply repressed - would have no part of it. Mycroft was not ready to emotionally accept his younger sibling's demise.
John made his decision in the blink of an eye. His entire body twisting in a feat of athleticism that was unbecoming of his overweight, nearly-forty-year-old self, the doctor went for the knife. He managed to close his hands around the hilt - both of them - but he had definitely not expected the damnable object to be stuck. John struggled for the briefest of moments, using his legs for traction. He felt the knife shift, just marginally, but enough for him to keep trying.
"Why not? I can promise you that the facilities are much more modern and better maintained than your choice for a resort. Seriously, John; 'Slumberland Motel'? If you were trying to impress your lady friend, you would have failed miserably. Did you really believe that Mary would fancy the sound of cockroaches scurrying about in the dark when she tries to sleep?"
Checking the location of practice, Mycroft lifted an eyebrow. Almost as though the man were too good to be true, he was also located relatively close by: still within the state of Maryland.
Sherlock was convinced his attempt at escape would have been successful if he had not stepped into that ill-fated bear trap. Why hadn't he noticed it was there? He should have noticed. He really should have. He had made a mistake, and now John was dead because of it. John had depended on him to survive, and Sherlock had let him down.
Mary handed him her case in approval, but John's attempt at valiance ended in humiliation as he soon realized that he was too short to properly reach the overhead compartment where carry-on luggage was stored during a flight. Being forced to stand on his tiptoes, the doctor had to more or less throw the bag in, which earned him a few disproving glares from the passengers around him.
Almost immediately he heard a gasp which simultaneously conveyed many emotions; excitement, surprise, joy, even fear. But it was decidedly human in nature, and for a moment John dared to hope for rescue. He couldn't be so unlucky as to be found by the clan of deranged cannibals and be brought back to the cabin of horrors a second time… could he?
John was close to despair, but before he could suffer the full impact of it, unconsciousness claimed him and, momentarily at least, obliterated all dark thoughts and guilt from his mind. It didn't matter anymore if he never woke up again.
"After you've had breakfast." Mycroft hoped Will would settle for that. He was way too tired to negotiate any further.
Sherlock blew his stuffy nose into a tissue and simultaneously wiped his leaking eyes, undoubtedly red and swollen to the point that even someone as obtuse as John would be able to tell he'd been crying. John must not know under any circumstances. It was bad enough that his friend now knew about the antipsychotics and his mood disorder - secrets he had kept well-hidden until now - but John knowing about the true depth of Sherlock's feelings could possibly be his undoing.
John - even his name was boring and unoriginal - was an unassuming, simple, dull little man who had nothing of importance to offer the world, and yet he had managed to make Sherlock Holmes fall in love with him. Mycroft could not quite put his finger on it, but something about that realization infuriated him. What did his brother see in a former army surgeon whose most interesting topic of discussion revolved around the various types of rashes and upper respiratory infections he had diagnosed during his shift at the clinic at which he worked? Mycroft had never taken Sherlock for the type to… settle.
"Yes, let me find you the proper means to do so..." Mycroft slowly, cautiously released his grip, knowing that at any moment Sherlock could again attempt something rash. Careful to listen to his brother's movements as he searched for a pen and paper, he found a large notepad amongst the magazines just outside the door. Yes, this would work.
"Uh huh!" the nasal voice drawled, and the boy was gone in a brief smattering of muddy footsteps. John had begun to ignore his would-be saviors somewhere at the middle of their brief talk and was desperately willing his limbs to cooperate with his brain. He was beginning to think he had been paralyzed until he finally managed to gather himself into a foetal position.
This had gone on throughout the painfully slow ride to the A&E, and Sherlock suspected their driver found the ordeal every bit as bothersome as he. Wasn't he the one who had quit only a few weeks later? Mr. Soames had been his name, if Sherlock's memory still served him correctly… A simple man with simple daily needs who could not take the drama and controversy surrounding the Holmes family. Mummy had been upset, almost personally affronted, by his abrupt quitting, and Mycroft had said "good riddance" with a derisive snort. Sherlock didn't remember having an opinion himself.
Standing over his bed was Mycroft Holmes. He did not look happy, not one bit. John had a feeling he knew why, but he was presently too buggered up to figure it out.
The blonde whore still hung upside down by her feet in the shed, and she was collecting flies now, even though she had only been dead for a little more than a day. This warm weather caused meat to spoil much quicker than usual, and unless the clan wanted their food to rot away and go to waste, it was time to have it prepared.
"It certainly sounds like our next destination," his assistant continued. "Shall we investigate tomorrow morning?"
The younger man's head snapped back, narrowly missing Mycroft's nose. For a moment fresh panic shone in his swollen, blood-shot eyes, and despite the gross state of Sherlock's delicate features, Mycroft would have recognized it instantly, anywhere in time. His brother only ever had look in his eyes when Father was near. Not one since Mr. Holmes the elder's premature death by drowning had anyone managed to goad a similar look of abject terror from the consulting detective.
Mycroft leaned back, away from the camera, and John could see the inside of what was undoubtedly the civil servant's office. It would be past four in the afternoon in England, but the doctor knew, naturally, that Mycroft Holmes did not exactly occupy a regular desk job.
he woke up. Despite the tentatively positive odds, Mycroft Holmes was a man who knew better than to rely solely on hope. Hope could devastate you.
“I’m sure,” John replied. Mary’s smile became a little sadder, but he gave him an affectionate kiss on the nose.
The child's shout out soon brought the approach of heavy footsteps, and John heard a man's voice, although his accent was possibly even thicker than the child's and the doctor could not make out the words.
John, holding the axe against his chest, realized that this was probably his one and only chance. A more ample opportunity was not likely to present itself soon. There was no doubt the murderous mountain men had headed back out into the woods to search for him. Their survival as a cannibalistic clan and capability to continue as they had depended on leaving absolutely no loose ends.
"But my feet are cold," William said, as if that were the most obvious answer in the world and Mycroft was an idiot for not understanding his reasoning.
When Nasim arrived, Mycroft pointedly stayed out of the doctor's way as he checked Sherlock's vitals and eventually discharged the nurses, who were more than happy to get away from their troublesome patient. Well aware that he had wanted Sherlock awoken against the physician's recommendations, Mycroft did not attempt to interrupt or defend himself when Nasim addressed him.
What would it be now, he silently asked. Would he be eaten like the others? It hardly made sense, as the group already had plenty of meat on hand, but then again, no one said that these brutes were capable of rational thinking. He considered possibility that they might keep him as a slave of sorts, for their own perverse indulgences, and though he hoped not, he could not deny the very real possibility of it. If not, he seriously doubted the chances of being held for ransom. Obviously these men (did they even qualify as men?) had no use for money, and even if they might, they likely would not understand the concept of ransom.
Early afternoon? Judging from shadow length at the time of John's and his attempted escape, it had been no later than eight but no earlier than seven-thirty. How many minutes - hours? - had passed since his recapture? Sherlock didn't know. He also no longer trusted his senses to provide his brain with the correct information.
"Well it would certainly be easy for this fellow to abduct his victims, based on his size alone," he observed.
That nose had been helpful in the past, such as identifying the qualities of a brandy or fine wine, or deducing a man's background by the cheapness of his cologne, but in his current state of accelerated stress, he was not doing himself or his brother any favors.
The detective's shoulders arched up defensively. One pale blue eye peeked out from between the protective web of his fingers. "No. I'm not schizophrenic. I have bipolar disorder. I've been on Clozapine since I was twenty-one."
“He’s not here,” she reassured him, not having to ask who the ‘him’ was. “The only way he’s here is in your head, and he probably wanted it that way.”
His eldest son's ruckus had awoken Sawtooth, accompanied as usual by loud, screeching noises and giggles. Already before he reached full consciousness, the patriarch was angry. Three-finger had no business disturbing his sleep before the sun was up, but no matter how many times he punished the cretin, Three-finger still forgot. Unless, of course, he did it out of deliberate disrespect, which was even worse. Either way, Sawtooth was going to teach him a lesson.
Two shadows, one large and one small, wordlessly watched from behind a grove of trees. Both were desperate to move or make a sound, but they had to be patient. Otherwise, their prey would be spooked and the hunt might end badly. The smaller figure was already salivating at the thought of sinking its teeth into the woman’s quivering flesh.
His sobs muffled by the pillow, he realized his weeping was not going to be easily stopped when he recognized John's scent in the fabric. Face twisted in despair, he threw the pillow across the room, though it obviously did not break upon hitting anything, so the energy spent gave him neither relief or release. He found another cushion and clung to it as though it provided him the very air he breathed, and he concentrated on his breathing, deep and slow, desperate to think of something else - anything - besides John.
The first tangible thought which occurred to Sherlock was muck. He felt as though he were moving about in muck. As he trudged through towards awareness, he found himself asking questions: where was he? What was this dull ache throughout him? Why did he hurt?
They had not replaced the gag on Sherlock, so supposedly the younger man had realized words were a lost cause and accepted the virtue of silence.
At first Sawtooth was reticent in making a choice, despite the serious matter at hand. Neither of his sons had been born when the clan split and took residence in separate territories. The parting that sent himself and their mother miles upon miles away had left bad memories for him, especially towards his family. If they had not separated, perhaps they could have had more help.
"I have mood swings!" the detective cried out, his voice several pitches above its usual deep baritone. "Don't look at me like that, John! Don't look at me like I'm some goddamn... freak!"
“My head hurts,” Sherlock argued, giving a frown which bordered on a childish pout. “I will not be fine. And give me the damn camera!”
Sherlock's typical response was increasing obstinacy, and had been so since he learned to speak, but there were a few rare occasions when the younger man was thrown off enough to actually listen and take heed. Mycroft hoped this would be one of those times.
He glanced upward at the large pot boiling on the stove, watching how Sawtooth occasionally tended to it, and even One-Eye would glance inside, either to look at the bubbles or to inform their leader if the contents might be in danger of boiling over. Supper would be ready soon, and like it or not, the "guest" would have to be fed as well, or else he would starve, much to the anticipation of Three-finger and disappointment of Sawtooth. Three-finger huffed at the predicament, sniffing and snorting and wondering if the family had any green potatoes lying around. After all, those were bad...
He looked back up at the closed door that Sherlock had disappeared behind. The lodge was silent once again, no sounds coming from either bedroom, be they muffled or not. Any brief notion of bunking with Sherlock as opposed to taking up a spot on the sofa was no longer worth consideration.
"I had to do something, wouldn't you say? Besides, this seems rather interesting. I need you to work with me on this."
"You first," he said, glancing at the hole his friend has spent the better part of the night digging. They would fit. Maybe.
Sherlock's head drooped as he wondered how long it would take him to fall back into sleep. He preferred being there as opposed to hellish consciousness. In fact, the waking world was beginning to feel more dreamlike than the realm of sleep, and the notion frightened him. Had he not known better, he would have thought the huge man who carried him from the bed had been Sebastian Moran.
"A group marginalized from society and its rules and taboos..." he trailed off, then waved to the tracks. "We have one giant with severe curvature of the spine and subsequent shorter leg. It's possible. Followed by another sizeable fellow... could be a family."
"What do you want, Doctor? And may I ask why you are using my brother's private Skype account? I had it set up so that he could contact me anytime at the event of an emergency."
John moved his hands from Sherlock's hips to clutch his forearms instead. Most of all he wanted to flip them around and pound Sherlock into the mattress, but despite two months of pent up sexual frustration, John realized he had to mind Sherlock's burns.
"That's what I wanted to discuss with you, Mr. Holmes," Nasim said. There was blood on his green surgical scrubs; Sherlock's, Mycroft wondered, or blood from a donor bag to replace the vast amounts his brother had already lost?
The very sound caused Sherlock to wince, and in an instant his mind once again plunged into the icy abyss of his memories. He was no longer handcuffed to a filthy floor but held in the tight grip of his brother; white, freckled arms wrapped around him in the dark confines of a closet. Something made of glass had hit the hardwood floor outside - not a vase, Sherlock deduced, but something smaller, perhaps a tumbler. A voice filled with rage and slurred by drink demanded both boys show themselves, venomously spitting out hurtful words.
It was their rental car, dumped on this field amongst dozens of other confiscated vehicles left to corrode and deteriorate, their owners abducted, sometimes killed or severely wounded on location if the blood stains were anything to go on.
“I came here to share this holiday with you,” John said. He then brought his voice to a whisper. “Not engage in stupid cases that don’t make sense.”
"It wasn't what it looks like," John argued, desperate to make Mary stay, even if it meant lying at her face. "I was just... putting Sherlock to bed. He's had it rough. I was just trying to help."
The patriarch's eyes narrowed, growling out a question as to the location of their captive, and immediately his dim-witted son looked up at him from a lowered head. Three-finger darted forward for a quick search. One-Eye hadn't somehow lost the half-conscious, broken little whore within the short time of being left alone, had he?
"Umm..." John's brow screwed up in confusion as he too intently studied the pixels. Yet he could not see anything even remotely resembling, well, anything. "Branches, leaves... perhaps part of a tree trunk?"
He could only hope that Sherlock's addiction-driven personality would not turn to drugs during his absence.
John swallowed thickly, standing up straight. He was suddenly reminded of the Golem, and briefly worried that the hit man was truly their culprit.
Breathing deep and slow, John considered their options. Sherlock was a stubborn bastard, and in a situation such as this, the doctor could not simply leave without him; it was too dangerous. Frankly, John wondered just how his partner had managed on his own before the two of them met. Did Mycroft have to plant hidden cameras every two feet and employ spies in every public place Sherlock frequented?
“This has been cast in stone for nearly two months now,” he continued. I have a chance to go on holiday and enjoy some time with Mary. Your opinion of her notwithstanding, I am deeply looking forward to traveling with her.”
But Sherlock… Oh God, Sherlock. He had promised to come back for his friend. If there was even the slightest possibility that Sherlock was alive, John owed it to him to try. He owed it to Mycroft as well, having solemnly promised to keep his little brother safe (or as safe as one could considering Sherlock's restless nature and his taste for the bizarre).
Sherlock pinched his eyes shut and tried hard to cover his face despite his bonds. The repellant memory of Mary Morstan's severed head laid out on the table caught up with him, and for a split second he wondered if it was still there. All the 'edible' parts had already been cut away, so there was no logical reason to keep it.
Wandering through the bare, grassless yard, he happened upon a patch of disturbed soil. Recently disturbed at that. The doubt returned again, gnawing at him with the thought that this was an improvised grave, that Sherlock was truly dead. Was his brother merely feet below him in the cold ground?
Sherlock had clearly regressed to a much younger version of himself, and Mycroft, whilst aware of the detrimental long-term effect of regression, knew that desperate times needed desperate measures. He had time to worry about the damage to Sherlock's psyche after he had managed to subdue his brother here and now.
They had managed to draw blood, but the flow had stopped minutes after the wound was inflicted, and John, having a medical degree, was fairly certain they had not hit any vital organs or major blood vessels. In truth, he was more concerned about the bite from the idiot, but he saw no reason to make his concerns known to his already agonized friend.
A small ray of hope seemed to pierce through the desolation in Bobbi's eyes. "Is that really true?" she asked tentatively.
The only option was to enjoy his prisoner while it still lived - perhaps even a little after that - and simply let it die on its own. What a shame that would be. They might just find it cold and lifeless on the floor one morning. Funny. For something so willful and eager to resist, the creature had turned out to be very delicate. Not so much like them as he had originally hoped, after all.
"Is he alright?" Mary asked as she re-entered the main room, now clothed in a white cotton tank top - although no bra - and pink hotpants, her wet hair pulled back in a ponytail. "Is there anything I can do?"
"Your erectile dysfunction only manifests when you attempt intercourse with a woman," Sherlock continued. "I'm right, aren't I?"
"Back to where we started, wouldn't you say?" John said, sighing, as Sherlock continued to stare off into the distance, his face slack and absent. The doctor knew that look; when Sherlock looked like that, he was fully inside his 'mind palace' and not receptive at all to outer sensory impressions.
Sherlock's response was a groan and an eye-roll. "Oh, shut it, John!" he exclaimed and pretended to swat his friend in the back of the head. It was the most animated Sherlock had been since last night, and while John knew it probably meant he would go back to being an unthinking arsehole, it was very much preferable to the apathetic Sherlock who didn't even bother looking for clues to a case.
Torture of course, simply for the sake of torture. Part of Mycroft wanted to order the whole mountain struck by napalm, innocent bystanders be damned. The temptation was just as brief as the mental image of Sherlock's long gone abuser.
The whore had not moved from its spot in the short time taken to run outside, retrieve the suitcase, and return. Haphazardly tossing aside whatever contents lay within, he took up the bitch in his arms, ignoring its weak protests, and stuffed it inside. Zipping the flap closed, he took little care in hauling the case onto its wheels, pulling out the handle and trotting outside, giggling as he hauled the prisoner toward the desired destination.
John tried not to look at the crusting of dried blood still clinging to the left side of Sherlock's face. It was but a minor scalp wound, and decidedly not the worst of his friend's injuries.
A guttural, half-choked cry left John's throat, slowly turning into a wail as his legs gave way from underneath him, and he would have collapsed had Sherlock not caught him in his arms and held him firmly against his own chest, supporting nearly all of his weight.
"They may be feral psychopaths, but I doubt they're at the level of Ted Kaczynski," the Englishman snapped at them. Bening looked ready to give some venomous retort at the challenge, but the McArthur lookalike once again stepped in.
The sight, he knew, would be stuck on his retina for a very long time, perhaps the rest of his life. Mary, or what had once been Mary, was hanging from the ceiling by her feet, naked and livid with a large pool of blood on the dirt floor beneath her, still seeping from her wounds in a slow trickle. The woman's throat had been cut with a blunt object, the jagged edges gaping lewdly as if spread open in a morbid invitation.
"Sherlock..." John said as a half-hearted objection, but he made no attempts to push the other man away or disentangle himself from the embrace. In the back of his mind, he knew that he was about to do something that would most certainly be the death blow to his current relationship, and yet he could not bring himself to stop. He had already crossed the line when he allowed Sherlock to kiss him. Anything that happened now was irrelevant.
Sherlock wondered if the other two monsters had found John and hence killed him. He knew they were out to kill, not to capture, as they clearly had no interest in his friend besides turning him into meat. If John was brought back, it would be as a corpse.
How on earth was the ground so muddy? she wondered, completely baffled. As she continued to drive, the road just grew worse and worse. Where was the water coming from which had made all this mud? Certainly the weather was rather humid, but not to the point of having to drive through dirt the consistency of jam.
Mycroft was not yet quite asleep when he heard the sound of a doorknob being turned, immediately followed by soft, padding footfalls. He considered faking sleep and hope his brother would eventually give up and leave his room, but he realized it was a vain hope; even though he was only four years old, William would never fall for such an easy ploy.
“Where do you think you’re going in all of that?” he asked. “We don’t want the other guests to assume we think we’re better than them. Besides, if we look the part, Ms. Ferguson will be more comfortable to share the case.”
John’s information had not been ideal, and Mycroft Holmes knew trusting the word of someone stuck in an analgesic haze was unwise. Even so, the surrounding woods near the nudist resort had given them a vague area to comb through. If these demonic people indeed lived in a cabin, there had to be some sort of clearing for said cabin. John had also mentioned a field of stolen vehicles, likely far easier to spot from above. He could not help imagining just how much the location had to have resembled some twisted, industrial graveyard.
"Make sure you have somewhere to hide it if they come in to check on us," Sherlock reminded his partner. "Someplace other than your rectum."
Sherlock blinked, his realization instantaneous. John reached into his pocket and removed the pill, placing it on the table.
The younger man snorted at the suggestion. "Well now you're just being silly. What are we trespassing, their favorite bush for doing a wee in?"
"Don't worry, the sheets and blankets are clean," Missy said, the civil servant's general appearance not lost on her. Her observant nature and proclivity for catering to people's requirements clearly made nursing an ideal career for her... not to mention her steadfast stubbornness in case someone were to overstep certain boundaries. In his own career, Mycroft knew the importance of playing to someone's strengths, weaknesses, and wishes.
John nodded, moved out of the path of the door, and allowed Sherlock to lift the latch. The door slowly swung open with a slight creak. John, now standing at an angle where he could not yet see the contents, watched as Sherlock cautiously peered inside... and a look of recognition altered his expression.
Until now she had not had reason to view the supple-bodied detective as a sexual rival, and John was certain that such a reveal would add further hostility to their already tense relationship... assuming Mary even wanted to continue seeing him after that.
“Knock yourself out,” John said. “I trust you more with that software than myself.” Indeed he did. He had very little experience with photo editing, whereas Mary was a website designer and subsequently a graphic artist.
A strange smell lingered in the air as Sherlock and John approached the source of the chimney smoke, and both men quickly recognized it, chills travelling down John's spine. Even as a doctor and a soldier, he had never quite gotten used to the smell of dead bodies, especially now that the fate of his girlfriend was in question.
The detective did another one of his frustrated eye-rolls and then looked at John as if he were a complete idiot.
"Fine," Mycroft said coolly, glancing through the window at his brother's motionless form before reaching for the door.
Mycroft's angry cry of pain brought him back to the present, and Sherlock fully expected to be struck across the face for his insolence. Mycroft had struck him before, twice, if Sherlock's memory still served him correctly, and only when he'd truly deserved it. Sherlock would freely admit to having struck his brother many more times than vice versa. This particular provocation, however, was not something that Sherlock expected his sibling to tolerate without retaliation, and therefore it temporarily stunned him into silence when Mycroft's hold on him softened and he felt the distinctive nuzzle of a pointed nose against his scalp, intended to provide comfort. Awkward and clumsy though it was, there was no mistaking the intent. The Ice-man was attempting to show affection; something that hadn't happened since Sherlock was…
The team kept their weapons up and Mycroft in their midst as they approached the cabin. The grounds were alarmingly quiet, though this could have been simply that no one remained. And by no one, did that also entail Sherlock?
Mary looked flabbergasted at first, but when she spoke, she sounded decidedly offended. "John, I won't disturb him, I could go into the bedroom and read, or--"
Sherlock made a dismissive gesture with his hand. "I took the liberty to cancel your booking. Fortunately I got to it in time. You will not be charged."
. This is your last warning, people, so if you're not a horror fan (particularly of the slasher/splatter genre) you're encouraged to seek out something else that suits your tastes better. We do not seek to offend anyone, and we only want willing readers.
"Fucking shit..." she cursed, hitting the steering wheel. "SHIT." Mary slumped in the seat, her breath slow as she tried to calm herself.
The woman nodded and went to retrieve her sandals. John was grateful that his request had not led to a verbal argument, although it made his heart constrict when he saw how deflated Mary looked and probably felt as she almost dragged her feet toward the door.
"Ma'am, I assure you I do much more than write a blog..." John began to explain, but Sherlock broke him off with an almost irritable hand gesture.
The oafish monster's head perked as he looked around, having clearly heard the small sound. He listened closer, hoping to hear more. John's heart had of course not stopped, though presently he wondered if his pursuer would now hear it pounding.
Eyes wide, John stared in disbelief. “What ‘stuff’?” His voice was low, but still audible amidst the commotion of the airport.
The scrawny one's eyes were shut, but they snapped open when Sawtooth grasped his hanging, naked body and pawed at it unashamedly. The man writhed from disgust, his Adam's apple bobbing up and down in a way that was almost comical. The moment his lips parted to suck in some well-needed air, Sawtooth grasped the opportunity to shove two large fingers deep down the man's throat.
Sherlock gave a sly little smile, as though doing as John said would be impossible. But he complied, slowing his pace, without losing any enthusiasm. Peeling away the robe from the doctor’s chest, he opened his mouth and for a second his assistant thought a biting would happen. After all, John had only said slower, not gentler. Fortunately, the pain of teeth did not follow. Mere nipping was the worst of it, and John found himself groaning quite audibly as Sherlock nestled his lips and teeth into his chest, teasing his nipples every few seconds.
Mycroft deliberated threatening to bring up the question of misconduct to the hospital review board, but he reined in his momentary anger, realizing that cooperation and diplomacy were undoubtedly the best methods to achieve results in times like this. Unnecessary antagonism was counter-productive.
“I’m not a child,” Sherlock snapped drowsily. His voice sounded resentful, and John wondered if in his ill state he was remembering something from the past. “Of course I can stand. Walking…”
The detective grasped the handle of a small refrigerator, hesitated, and finally opened it. As expected, a smell of mold and spoiled food poured out. Sherlock ignored John’s groan at the stench and knelt down, looking within.
Sherlock gave her a curt little smile in return, one that was forced, but well-practiced enough to look convincing.
William was such a strange little creature, small and frail like a baby bird with pale, almost translucent skin and a body that perpetually failed to keep him sufficiently heated. The heaviest part of the boy was undoubtedly his head, made to look even larger by his thick, voluminous dark curls, and there were times when Mycroft wondered how his brother was even able to keep his head upright.
Sherlock had been silent for the duration of Bobbi’s story, glancing at his surroundings. His behavior was not lost on the woman, especially when he yawned.
The transatlantic flight passed with surprising speed, which could at least in part be attributed to John's eagerness to leave England behind. He had not been abroad since returning from Afghanistan, and that certainly had been anything but a vacation. Still he woke up certain nights, gasping and covered in cold sweat with the sound of gunfire roaring in his ears and the hot, desert sun baking him mercilessly.
John did not know how it was possible for a human body to be sweating and freezing at the same time, but it was happening to him in this very moment. Sour-smelling pearls of perspiration were trickling down his torso in a slow drizzle, but at the same time his extremities, first and foremost the hands holding the axe, felt like ice.
Mycroft wiped a thin layer of sweat from his brow with a custom-made handkerchief which carried his initials, MH, written in stylish copperplate in one corner. The irritating buzz of a mosquito circled about his ear and he batted at it, sourly remembering bits and bobs from his childhood, and why he had loathed country life.
"A little too deliberately inconspicuous," John noted aloud. Sherlock made an affirming noise and, spotting something on the path, moved forward, leaning closer as he inspected it. Curious, John pocketed the camera and joined him. His eyes widened a little when he looked at it.
The blade shot toward him, and by sheer luck, he just managed to avoid the knife entering his eye. In his dodge, he caught sight of a bucket on the ground just a foot away, filled with gravel. It would be heavy enough to heave at the hunter, but it would also be heavy enough to possibly hurt his wrist, and badly. But in that moment less than a second in length, an injured wrist was the least of his worries. He ducked the next thrust of the blade and grabbed the bucket in both hands, hurling it upwards and connecting with his attacker's ugly face.
Missy stared at him for a few seconds, knowing the implications of his wording. But before their conversation could go any further, Doctor Nasim entered the waiting room, clipboard in hand.
Something in a corner of the cabin caught his eye, and he took a closer look. A collection of photographs, some of their frames cracked, sat on a small shelf, and one of which hung on the wall. Though faded from time and exposure to light, the contents were still very much visible. Black and white images, perhaps taken a hundred years ago, told a tale of just how long this family had been living in the mountains. Though some - likely much earlier generations than the others - had plain features, others already possessed the telltale disfigurements of inbreeding.
Mary looked away, though she still listened to the apology nonetheless. “I hope this isn’t some marriage proposal to win me back.”
For the second time in one day, he felt betrayed. He felt as if he hated his only real friend. This journey had been a mistake, and as childish as it sounded, he wanted to go home. He wanted Mycroft to come retrieve him.
"John!" the younger man called out, causing John to flinch. He hurried over to where his partner stood and his blood ran cold at the sight.
"Yes, I understand fully," Mycroft interjected. Clearly the doctor had become quite used to having to defend the choices of the medical staff and reason with family members who expected too much. The civil servant held back a sigh when he thought about how Sherlock might react to finally waking with half of his leg missing, but nothing could be done about that.
"Are you… are you badly hurt, Sherlock?" John asked tentatively, already knowing that his friend was injured, just not to what degree. A cock practically the size of a tree trunk had been forcibly shoved into his body with barely any lubrication. In the best case scenario, the bleeding was caused by a minor tear. In the worst case scenario, Sherlock was currently hemorrhaging to death.
She was spared offering an awkward apology when one of the Americans suddenly voiced the discovery of something in the newly exhumed grave.
He had to admit, though: the water was close to heavenly. Obviously it was a place for the nudists to socialize, rather than exercise, and had thus been adjusted to suit their needs.
The lack of a response was not encouraging at all. While John was aware of his friend's total disregard for social niceties, which sometimes included not answering when spoken to, he was fairly certain that Sherlock would never ignore him on purpose under circumstances such as these. Self-proclaimed sociopath though he was, he would know that John would never forgive him for such callous behaviour.
John was lucky enough that his friend was being so open with him now, so he decided not to press the matter. Instead, he scooted his body closer and carefully caressed Sherlock’s side with the back of his hand. Sherlock tensed under the contact.
“There are two bedrooms in the lodge you’ve signed up for. The cabin is second to the left of the road. Your friend is really rude.”
"He was in a coma for two weeks, and then remained for another month, much to his refusal. Obviously the trauma did not rob him of any of his more... charming traits."
The younger man was also awake, and though he tried to keep his expression neutral, his eyes told of the fear he felt within every inch of his body. The same feeling was taking hold of John as well.
These three twisted men did not believe in anything besides degradation and suffering. John wanted to move, but the raw pain had spread from his right shoulder into the rest of his body, including his three uninjured limbs, rendering them practically useless. He watched the giant raise the shotgun, take aim… but before any shots were fired, the salivating little madman grabbed both his ankles and jerked him forward, thus disrupting the alpha's plans.
"John…" The detective's tone was exasperated, but in his eyes were a silent plea. Sherlock might have outwardly kept his composure, but inside he was just as shaken up and terrified as his partner. "I know you're going to hate me for saying this, but now is not the time for sentiment. We can't lug around on a body. There will be a time to grieve for Mary later."
The exchange which followed between father and son was brief yet to the point. Sawtooth and Three-finger often disagreed on things, but they were on the same page concerning the safety of the clan, which always had to remain their number one priority.
Sherlock pressed the power button, muttering to himself unintelligibly and then shoving the device into John’s face, the playback screen facing the doctor.
"Hampton Inn, please," Anthea told the driver, and Mycroft appreciated the silence which followed. At least the man behind the wheel had enough discretion so as not to make an inane comment about British accents.
The next time he had some clear sense of his surroundings, however brief, was when the cabin door opened and the family entered, unceremoniously dumping their dazed captive onto the dilapidated, grubby mattress of one of the beds. One discernible thought flickered most prominently in both dreams and wakeful state of mind: John was dead.
At first when he tried to rise, One-Eye's arm tightened around him and held him back; an unconscious response by the sleeping man-child. Three-finger murmured soothing nothings in his ear and scratched his sibling's flea-ridden scalp; two things he knew from experience would calm One-Eye. The arm around his waist quickly relaxed, and he was able to gingerly free himself from One-Eye's grasp while the youngest member of the clan remained asleep.
Sherlock sat on the tiled wet floor, legs splayed out like a dropped marionette with his head in his hand, looking dazed but otherwise unhurt. John was uncertain if his partner’s flushed face was from exhaustion or simple sunburns.
"Yes, it's enough," he said after another moment of internal deliberation. John did not want to waste any time digging unnecessarily, not when their captors could catch them red-handed any moment. So far he hadn't heard any sounds indicating the monstrous trio of mountain men were awake, but it was all prone to change in a heartbeat. He also still needed to remove the boards separating him from Sherlock.
, not sympathy, callous though it sounded. A pat on the shoulder and meaningless words of comfort which held no truth offered no help whatsoever to someone in Bobbi Ferguson's situation, and Sherlock kept reminding himself of that as he explained his standpoint to his client.
John fought against the hold, not caring about the ruckus he was making or that his display was most certainly going to attract the attention of the cabin's unsavory inhabitants. He had to see what Sherlock had discovered, he had to know, had to be sure, even if in his heart he already knew what he would find behind that door.
This prey had been chosen by his father. It was his property and no one else's. When he and Three-finger returned home, they would both know the killing was One-Eye's fault. If he was lucky, he might only be throttled without the additional punishment of being locked in the woodshed all night. The spasmodic grip he had on the motionless form beneath him released, leaving a red outline of blood from his bite wounds.
"S'alright…" the scruffy-looking man murmured, and he, much like John himself, seemed at a loss for words. Probably these kind of situations were not part of his usual daily routine. The doctor, however, appreciated when the local removed his denim jacket, filthy though it was, and used it to cover his naked charge.
The young detective never thought he would have been thankful for any of the feral family members, but he did feel a twinge of gratitude when the lumbering idiot had interrupted the murder attempt.
Sherlock stood, looking at the third set of prints, far bigger than the small ones, but not quite as large as those of the giant. Long strides again, and deep impressions in the dirt, suggesting a weight similar to the bigger man.
Mycroft had put his mobile phone on mute to give himself a semblance of peace and quiet, and it was hardly a surprise that he had over a dozen missed calls from Whitehall by the time he settled down for breakfast. He'd have to delegate even more of his work to Anthea in order to cope with the increased workload now that he had Sherlock's care to arrange as well.
"But what if someone came in through a window...?" John tried, but was met with an eye-roll from Sherlock.
The hare-lipped giant moved his massive bulk off the bed and stood up, clearly pleased with his accomplishment. Sherlock remained where he was, at least until he was picked up and thrown over the mountain man's shoulder once more. This time there was no squirming or writhing on the detective's part. It was as though he had already given up hope, and John found the idea incredibly sad and also disconcerting. Without Sherlock's wits and drive their chances of escaping this hellhole decreased exponentially.
John tried to inch forward, pushing with legs already trembling from exhaustion, but he could move very little. Or not at all, in fact.
"Yes," Mycroft said calmly, unfazed by the tirade. "I admit I was suspicious of you when you and Sherlock first got acquainted, but I assure you it had nothing to do with neither your upbringing nor your level of intellect. I was merely looking out for my brother, since Sherlock has previously had problems with your type."
The small contact between them was broken, causing a slight lurch in John's stomach, but Sherlock's hand returned, this time holding a very small object. As the doctor instinctively took the object, he cringed at the slick surface. In the darkness, the fluid looked black.
Mycroft knew that his deeply seated anger at the doctor was hardly rational, as Sherlock's chosen companion had been through his own personal hell, but he simply could not get over the fact that John Watson had abandoned Sherlock, and given the chance, chosen to save his own hide. Mycroft would never forgive him for it. Not as long as he drew breath.
Sawtooth bristled at the unspoken request. The possessive part of him still saw this little wretch as his property, and thus his to do with as he desired. But the whore was of no use to him anymore. What should he care.
Now Sherlock was gone, held captive by a bunch of inbred psychopaths. Unless… No, John did not want to go there. He could not bear to lose both Mary and Sherlock, on the same day no less. His friend had to be alive.
The giant threw Sherlock callously into one tiny stall and proceeded to slam the door shut. John had hoped they would at least allow their two captives to share space, but it seemed such graciousness was out of question. John was shoved into the adjoining stall by the two smaller men, and the three-fingered lunatic finished by delivering a playful kick to his bottom while he stood on all fours. The doctor fell forward, humiliated, and he could hear the man-child laugh behind him as though it was the funniest thing ever.
The raw pain in his leg and arm had abated to a less intense, pulsating ache, which was somewhat more manageable but nonetheless taxing on his systems. Clammy and trembling, he wondered how much more pain and blood loss he could take before finally passing out, perhaps for good.
What then? Even with the oaf dead, Sherlock still had a broken arm and a torn leg, not to mention disorientation brought on by extensive blood loss and several blows to the head. He could not be expected to walk, let alone search his way out of the woods in hope of finding something akin to civilization.
Sherlock’s face contorted in frustration. This was not what he expected to be discussing during this botched vacation, and whatever his expectations had been for John’s reaction, this was not it.
The laughter died down as the mountain man approached, giggles replaced by a heavy breathing. John doubted his attacker was out of breath. The little bleeder sounded more like he was sexually excited at the notion of attacking and killing. The doctor's thoughts wandered back to his poor friend, and what level of abuse these monsters would continue to inflict upon him if they had not killed him already. Unless they would not stop even when he was but a lifeless corpse.
Trying in vain to stifle his sobs, Sherlock edged away from the swinging object of torment, whimpering when he came near to straining his broken arm against the restraints. Chortling at the response, the mountain man shoved his deformed fingers into the younger man's mouth as an improvised gag, and with a sickening smile, placed the severed head in his victim's lap.
"Perhaps more..." The detective looked back at John. "But that's not definite unless we find more tracks. Or the group itself. But either way, the giant could be outrun or avoided on foot, short of him having a weapon. This little one here, no such limp. Man or woman, it would be more of a problem in a chase. Given any of them are in decent health..."
How foolish he'd been to think he could entrust John Watson with Sherlock's safety. Mycroft tried to quench the feeling of guilt which suddenly threatened to overcome him. He'd spent all his life wishing his younger sibling had never been born, for various reasons. Sherlock had always been a problem to be managed, to be contained; a break shoe holding Mycroft back in all areas, mentally and emotionally if not physically. Yet despite the secret, ever-present wish for a life devoid of Sherlock, Mycroft loved his brother more than anything in the world.
"Sherlock, tell me," he gently urged, wanting to provide comfort even though he was unsure if it would be accepted. "I promise I won't judge you."
"Technically, you work at the surgery," Sherlock said. "Very long hours, I might add. And you spend most of your free time chasing after women. Women who don't even want you. I wonder why you bother."
The giant barked some form of command at the one-eyed brute and turned to leave, the skinny one all but skipping after the clan alpha. The oaf remained behind, grinning at Sherlock, who could only hope that the trap which he worried would never come off would not be tugged on anymore. Big hands, their prints and grooves coated in dirt and fingernails caked with Lord knew what, patted the detective like he were a dog, squashing at hollow cheeks and pulling at curly locks of hair. Though Sherlock thought himself to have an impressive gag reflex, the moment the foul-smelling man closed a palm over his lips, he thought he might throw up.
"Stay strong, Sherlock," he whispered, though he did not doubt the detective could hold his own. John only hoped he could be half as strong as his friend.
The pliers were tossed aside and Sherlock felt slight relief, glad to keep the rest of his teeth. True, he did not take care of himself as much as others did, but his teeth were not as bad as they could have been; he would have preferred to keep them, even if he was likely to experience a slow and painful death in the near future. Some strange sense of self-preservation lingered within him, possibly whatever was left of his narcissism, still fighting to remain. Also, he simply was not certain if he could withstand the pain.
"I won't be very long," Sherlock announced, opening the door. He turned to look at John. "Stay here in case Mary comes back."
"Yes, that will do." Mycroft flexed his fingers, his hand feeling strangely naked without an umbrella in it. "I have business to attend to, but I shall be staying nearby. Thank you for taking care of him."
Good God, no wonder his body could not keep up. John felt a stab of guilt knowing that Sherlock would likely not have gotten to this stage if only John had come with him.
The giant patriarch finally stepped in, calmly shoving his agitated son aside. Sherlock instinctively recoiled from the abominable man that had already raped him twice and probably would not hesitate to do so again. The giant was not nearly as impetuous as the skinny fiend, which also - unfortunately for Sherlock - meant it was more calculating.
"Good day, sir," she said, managing somehow to sound both soothingly calm and chipper at the same time. "There are some paperwork for you to sign, regarding Mr. Sherlock's care here at Western Maryland Health System. Is this a convenient time, or should we...?"
Sherlock maintained his grip on Mycroft's sleeve and gradually tightened it to the point of whitening knuckles, as if his spasming muscles could wordlessly communicate the terror and helplessness he was feeling. Awareness of the pain wracking seemingly every single cell of his body permeated his senses, and he desperately wished he could go back to sleep.
"Yes, thank you, Doctor," Mycroft broke in. He would rather be briefed on the specifics concerning his brother's progress and health status in person, and he expected to be as soon as he arrived at the hospital. "I'll be there in twenty minutes We can continue this discussion then."
When his elder brother did not immediately answer, Sherlock's impatience came forth in the frenetic smearing of the name.
A choked cry escaped him as his wounded leg was harshly seized and lifted. He looked again at his captors, expecting them to be removing more clothes and stroking themselves hard, but instead they were looping the belt (which was likely coated in decades' worth of grime) around the gouged and torn flesh. The leader tied the belt tight, and Sherlock briefly wondered if the improvised tourniquet would be so tight as to cut off all circulation in his foot. The detective's thought process did not go much further, as he finally began to sink into wonderful unconsciousness, though he perceived that he might have been picked up and thrown across a broad shoulder.
It was far from typical behaviour from Sherlock. The detective was not known to give up that easily, and John feared that he would come up with some way to ruin their vacation yet.
The area behind the door was very small, barely more than a pocket built into the wall, and it offered just enough space to accommodate Sherlock's prostrate form on the floor. The detective lay bound and gagged, effective immobilized by duct tape, and John was momentarily horrified by the amount of dried blood on his face. What would he find when he looked beyond those voluminous curls: a cleft skull?
Mycroft went ahead with his shower. As Anthea had promised, he was not disturbed throughout the procedure of freshening up. The brand of soap provided by the hospital was nothing short of abominable, and the elder Holmes was grateful to his assistant for remembering to include a bar of his personal choice in the bag of toiletries.
As if refusing to believe it, the deranged creature pulled the trigger three, four, five more times, his frustration growing by each time the weapon refused to do his bidding. The revolver - a Smith & Wesson model 42 - was old, Sherlock realized, and likely not regularly used. It was still employed as a service revolver by American police in some districts, and that was likely where these lunatics had gotten it. How many police officers had they managed to slaughter and do away with over the years?
"I took the liberty of making reservations for us at the resort. I can promise you that the standard is higher than anything you could afford on your own."
He was not surprised when she stared at him incredulously, her eyes wide with realization and anger, but his stomach sank all the same. Sherlock only observed their behavior, for once silent. He likely was curious to see how the rest of this fiasco would play out, like a biologist witnessing some rare behavior of an endangered animal.
If his friend could maintain a  constant running speed of twenty kilometres per hour, which equaled 5,6 metres per second, he would need approximately eighty seconds to reach the river.
John's face twisted in confusion, baffled at the voices. For a moment he forgot their exchange and writhed at the sound of his friend's name. Was Sherlock nearby? Had they been rescued? No, of course not. John Watson was still in some redneck's yard, carried by paramedics, while Sherlock was likely getting raped or eaten.
That blasted little midget. It was still tempting to put the full blame for what had happened on John Watson, but there was no way the rational part of Mycroft's brain could justify it. Sherlock himself bore the brunt of the responsibility for what had happened to him.
Mycroft slowly struggled into a sitting position, unsuccessfully trying to hold back a pitiable whimper when the stiff, sore muscles in his back had to be straightened. Good God, he was in worse shape than he'd let on. Even to himself.
When Mycroft slowly came to, he felt possibly even worse than prior to falling asleep; in his head was this throbbing ache, his stomach was knotting in cramps and threatening to rid itself of its meager contents (limited basically to bile and stomach acid at this point) and the muscles in his back and thighs ached horribly from the disproportionate amount of exercise to which he had subjected his body hours earlier. Succinctly put, Mycroft Holmes felt like crap.
“Go and do your business,” Mary calmly told him. She leaned in to whisper in his ear. “When you’re finished the interview, I’ll be waiting at the indoor pool.”
As he had anticipated, the space was not far away from the O.R., and as promised by the nurse, it was dark and quiet, and presently unoccupied.
"I really like you too, Mary," he said instead, placing a clumsy arm around her sweaty, naked back. They briefly rested their foreheads together, and John felt somewhat at ease for the first time during the trip. He was glad not to have been faced with immediate rejection, but he still worried about her response to finding out the true nature about his relationship with Sherlock.
"There's no one here," Bening, the anglophobe with a military background, suddenly announced. "Let's take Mr. Holmes back to the helicopter."
"Am I alive?" he wanted to ask, but he was unable to. Damned ventilator. His failed attempts at speech were not lost on the elder Holmes.
Mycroft Holmes was one of few 'minor' British government officials who had been provided with his own private Jet. The times when Mycroft actually utilized it were few and far in between, as it was typically much easier to book a seat on a public aircraft (as long as there were seats available in first or business class; Mycroft Holmes did not fly 'coach') than to get the various permits to take off and land with and a private Jet.
"My brother has feelings for you, and has had them for some time," Mycroft said. "Surely this can't come as a complete surprise?"
John winced as he saw the way Sherlock stiffened like a board, as though he felt the pain on the younger man's face himself. Sherlock only stared blankly as the giant did whatever he was doing, and though from the doctor's angle he could not see the specifics, he had an impression of what might be happening.
"There's more. The impression of his right foot is less distinct than the left. What does that tell you?"
"Mary and I have not yet reached that part of our relationship!" he hissed angrily. "You knew that, Sherlock!"
One of the mountain men belched. Sherlock swore he could detect the foul smell from across the room.
"They're gone," he replied. "Looking for me in the woods. You're safe now. We'll get out before they come back."
John recoiled from her wrath, practically deflating before her eyes. He briefly entertained the idea of claiming that Sherlock coerced him into the whole thing, but the last thing he needed now was making up more lies. He had been just as willing as Sherlock himself and would thus have to accept an equal amount of blame.
Three-finger glared at their prisoner, wanting to kick the little rat despite the raging outburst happening before him. Instead, he glanced at One-Eye who was beyond confused at what was transpiring. Taking big meaty hands into his own bony ones, he announced that they were going on a trip to meet more siblings, hoping he sounded cheerful enough to win his brother's enthusiasm. With luck, he would be eager enough to help their urgent departure, or at least stay out of the way and remain in the truck.
He fished Sarah Cavanaugh's digital camera out of his jacket pocket with deft fingers and snapped a few pictures, flash off so as not to alert anyone outside of the activities. He was fairly sure that if the family were home, he would have heard from them by now.
“Before I answer,” Sherlock said, “do not shout again, because we all know how jumpy airport security is…”
"Don't even think about going," Sherlock hissed at him as they entered Bobbi's mobile "home". "We all know that your habit of gambling plays a large part in your poor finances."
"I see." Mycroft waved one elegant hand at John through the screen. "But you did find something else. The medication he sometimes "forgets" to take?"
"You're excused, Doctor," Mycroft said, his calm demeanor a sharp contrast to his current inner turmoil.
"Sherlock…" he tried again, and this time his tongue very nearly glued itself to his palate, his entire mouth behaving as though his saliva glands had stopped working altogether.
"You idiot," Sherlock hissed, pulling them down behind the rental so roughly that both would have bruises. "You'll alert them to our presence!"
"That much be Rich," John said, more to himself than to Sherlock, but he was rewarded with another eye-roll anyway.
The pair made their way into Sherlock's bedroom without any further talk, and the detective quickly maneuvered his doctor partner onto his back in the unmade bed, straddling him. John let Sherlock take control, knowing that the younger man would take responsibility for his own pleasure and not hesitate to take it. Sherlock's assertiveness was perhaps why things had always worked so well between them as far as sex was concerned. It made John feel at ease.
The shuffling of a large body sounded to his right, and at that moment of remembering his past, Sherlock thought either Moran was approaching, or his father had somehow returned from death. In his delirium, he was prone to believe the latter. Opening his eyes did him no favours either, as the space was still quite dark. He was handcuffed to something bolted to the floor, and his body was wracked with agony, especially in one arm and leg. Yes, he could remember being tied up, and he could remember breaking his arm. Something with teeth had closed around his leg a short time ago... but damn it, he was barely able to remember the why and the how.
"Come on, I didn't mean it like that. Unless you've noticed, we do live together as well as work together. It would do us both good to spend some time apart."
The detective held up a hand to silence John while his other hand stayed busy typing on the keyboard.
"Sherlock, that's enough," John warned his flatmate. "If you're having doubts, do us all a favour and remember that you were the one who wanted to come out here. It would probably be in your best interest to be somewhat civil. You're not in London anymore. These people - assuming we come upon any - are likely to have guns. As well as foul tempers."
Both their doors were sealed with sturdy padlocks before the mountain men finally decided to leave the two men alone. Inside the room ruled utter darkness.
Good. One-Eye was an idiot, but he had picked up on a few things throughout the years, such as not bothering Sawtooth when he was busy with a whore, and by now a sight like this was a commonplace as putting out clothes to dry.
"It doesn't have to be all bad just because we had a rocky start," Mary replied. "We can still have an enjoyable time. This is my first ever trip to America." She gave a slightly embarrassed laugh at her own confession. "I didn't get to travel a whole lot when I was a girl."
In less than a second the smallest was behind John once more, teasing the surface of his skin with the tip of the knife. John hoped he would only be stripped as his partner had, but one could not be certain with unbalanced men such as these; for all he knew, he might get stabbed in the neck just for a laugh.
Sherlock knew he could have tried harder. If he had, John might not have wandered. No Mary, and thus no trip to America. No being captured by inbred lunatics and consequently raped and murdered.
Fighting the panic hammering in his heart, he dashed into a clearing to get a better look at the sky. Yes, the machine was bigger in the blue sky than they normally were. It may land. Outsiders would come out of them. Because of their newest prey? Had others come looking for them?
"They would not believe us," Sherlock stated without hesitation and gestured for his client to sit back down. "All we have are rumours and some circumstantial evidence at best. To make them take us seriously, we're going to need more solid proofs of these individuals' existence."
The sudden sensation of huge hands prying open the jaws of the trap made him scream, though the piercing sound did not seem to bother or surprise his captors whatsoever.
Mycroft's grip, initially intended to provide comfort, shifted into an attempt to restrain his brother. While Mycroft was relieved to discover no obvious deficits in the younger Holmes' motor control, Sherlock's injuries demanded that he remain relatively still for the time being.
“But we still need batteries,” John said, grip on the bag tightening. He could feel the cord beneath the water-resistant material.
Mycroft's first conscious desire following was to stab Bening in the neck with his pen, but it was quickly overshadowed by pure shock when he felt the gust of a weak exhale against his wrist.
Anthea was waiting for him outside the men's changing room, clipboard in hand. She had been awake for as long as he had, and yet she showed no signs of exhaustion or fatigue, her outfit, hair and clothing as impeccably perfect as always. He envied her. Whatever her secret was, he wished he could possess it.
"Dare I ask...?" John said, watching as his partner and friend stripped down to practically nothing.
Had John not been so weak and unable to even form words, he would have shouted at Mycroft to stop being such a condescending windbag and instead use his not-inconsiderable power to find Sherlock and bring him back to them, hopefully alive and still in one piece.
"No," Mycroft said, omitting to mention the numerous incidents that had once earned Sherlock a week in solitary confinement while in rehab, as well as the nickname "the hitter, spitter and shitter". That was a long time ago, and Mycroft hoped such behavior was indeed in the past, but given how his brother had regressed to the level of a disgruntled toddler, he couldn't be sure.
"Sir?" Anthea's voice took on a decidedly guarded tone. "He's Sherlock's partner, surely you agree he deserves to be informed--"
Apart from the nerve-wracking pain, there was the unpleasant feeling of being covered in dried sweat, some of which was the oily, foul-smelling kind, and coming to realize that he was in desperate need of a shower. A shower which sadly would have to wait. He had more pressing concerns than his own personal hygiene, no matter how much it pained him to leave it unattended.
"Disappeared without a trace, never seen since," Sherlock said. "They were guests here at Avalon. And there's more." Sherlock opened up another news article, this one dating back to 2003 and describing in intimate detail the disappearance of college students Richard Stoker and Hayley Smith, who had, according to friends and family, "failed to return from a weekend of rock-climbing".
Then again, knowing their luck, Sherlock would shit himself. Mycroft shoved the thought away and focused on his brother's distressed state, not to mention how to make it right. Perhaps not make it right, but to quiet it for a while.
In addition, she was not certain if the missing person case had gotten to her, but she could not help wondering if the abductor was one of the guests. Was he – She? They? – out on another little hunt now? Mary was not sure. But she did know she felt as though she was being watched by some unseen presence. Suddenly the warmth in the air of the summer evening was gone, and she shivered as she hurried, somewhat unsteadily, toward the lodge which was now in sight.
Three-finger's steely grasp on the writhing prisoner tightened as an idea formed. He turned to glance for a brief moment towards the far end of the cabin, in the direction of his clan's "backyard". If he could get the whore into the suitcase, he knew exactly where that case would go.
"Sarah was... is... my best friend," she said, embarrassed to have been caught referring to her friend in past tense. "We met in high school and we've been close ever since. When we discovered Avalon a few years ago it felt like we'd finally found a place where we could fully be ourselves..."
"Fancy a shag, John?" Sherlock asked, and his hold on John's penis tightened further, thumb rubbing over the tip.
John looked sad for a moment. "If you had, you would have been held back in Heathrow. We would have found out later about our motel room, but at least we wouldn't be here. We wouldn't be in this mess."
Sawtooth forced one thick, blunt finger into the skinny Outsider's hole, and by then he was already fairly certain the man was a whore; the type who enjoyed another man's attentions before a woman's. Was the stumpy little man perhaps his dominant partner? It was obvious they had a close bond, and yet they shared no physical characteristics whatsoever, so they couldn't be family.
She briefly considered dropping everything and heading for the nearest airport to purchase a one-way ticket back home. She had everything of importance in her purse; passport, phone, credit card and enough cash to get by. Never mind that most of her luggage was left at the cabin, or that she was wearing a sleeveless top and denim shorts.
Mycroft placed William's soiled pyjama bottoms in a plastic bag before dumping them in the laundry bin and then turned to the arduous task of cleaning his little brother. William had developed a diaper rash on his buttocks and groin, making his delicate, pale skin puffy, red and sore. The Holmeses had attempted to treat the troublesome condition with various ointments and powders throughout the years, but Mycroft knew that as long as his brother was required to wear diapers, the rashes were prone to returning.
Hell, he'd even take cocaine at this point; anything to distract him from where he was now... but then again, it would make his perception of the situation much worse. He hardly wanted to be violated by one of these monsters with his awareness heightened at its absolute peak, heart pounding as though it could burst at any moment.
"Sherlock," John replied. "Are you..." He stopped, knowing the question would be idiotic. His partner answered nonetheless.
was clawing at him from the inside. As it was now, he could not even mumble without that disgusting, salivating maniac pinching and  jabbing at him with filthy fingernails. Nevertheless, he hated being restrained and gagged, utterly incapable of interrupting the horrible treatment of his closest friend.
“Critton-Owl Hollow Road,” Sherlock corrected him, his tone quite irate. “We did not need to stop for directions.”
"I had a nightmare," the boy explained, as if rationalizing the embarrassing phenomenon of bed wetting would somehow make a difference. William had memorized most of the period table of elements and already mastered basic algebra while his peers struggled to learn the alphabet, and yet he remained unable to control his bladder. Oh, the irony…
"I've been receiving a number of messages from a patient by the name of John Watson. I would like to leave him a message."
John looked about ready to whine like a child, and he felt like doing so as well. He glanced back at Mary. Why the hell had Sherlock followed them? To deliberately make John miserable?
"We tried to save it as best we could, but there's too much dead tissue. It would have to be removed below the knee. If we don't..."
It amazed John how rational and objective his friend was being despite the distressing circumstances and the horrific violation he was just recently subjected to. Was Sherlock using logic as a means of coping? John had witnessed the abject panic in Sherlock moments before he was held down and penetrated against his will, and he was absolutely certain it had been genuine.
Sherlock listened to the heated exchange taking place outside his room. He had not moved a limb since the drunk woman burst in and John immediately followed like a well-trained puppy dog, babbling frantic apologies and presenting transparent excuses for the situation she had walked in on. The doctor was lying, and when lies didn't get him off the hook, he offered half-truths.
"We don't get many foreigners out here," the woman continued, blissfully aware of the new guests' discomfort around her. "Especially not such good looking ones!"
The orthopedic surgeon voiced a weak protest. It was in clear violation of protocol to leave a reviving patient unattended, and no doubt the possibility of getting a lawsuit filed against the hospital had surfaced in his mind. Mycroft wondered if the man knew he was as easy to read as an open book.
The doctor's diagnosis was confirmed when he watched Sherlock lean forward to catch some of the shower drops on his tongue. The medical man in John responded in a flash, reciting the Latin names of at least ten pathogenic micro organisms that could potentially be found in the water.
It recoiled from him when he reached toward it to pluck away the duct tape covering its mouth, and he could tell from the look the Outsider gave him that it had no clue what was going on. Three-finger smiled, holding out the bottle containing the poisonous liquid. The whore regarded him with confusion and suspicion. Then it slowly dawned on their captive that he was expected to drink from the bottle, and immediately the thing began to shake its head.
John noticed a fault in the boards of the wall, uneven and badly nailed together, possibly from an attempted escape by a previous victim. A very small gap allowed him to glimpse movement in the other cell. The doctor considered muscling the board away, but he knew the attempt would be heard by their jailers. Instead, he pressed his cheek against the wood, wishing he could have been able to hold his friend. Even if Sherlock denied him the chance, John would have held on and his arms would have required the jaws of life to let go.
The detective took care in negotiating his escape, not only to maintain silence, but to avoid exacerbating his wounds. Even so, his movements must have been felt through every frayed, battered inch of his assaulted form. A strained whisper of a groan escaped his lips as he pulled himself free from the hole.
"We must think of something to keep you occupied while you're waiting, but right now, we really must go back to sleep."
“It’s right there,” she said, pointing at a small cluster of trailers beyond the main road, huddled amidst some trees and foliage. “The red one.”
The man was relatively nude save for his shoes, and a mental image occurred to John of his friend in nothing but his ratty blue scarf. He considered suggesting the notion one day to Sherlock, and immediately wanted to punch himself in the face. Sherlock, Mary... perhaps John was better off courting no one at all.
A blush crept over John's face. "You can hear me wanking?" he asked incredulously. "Are you spying on me?!"
"Thankfully, these photos were taken at high resolution. So one would hope that we won't lose much data when we zoom in." He looked back at John for a moment. "It also helps that your girlfriend did some adjustments on the shadowy bits."
Sherlock's full lips parted slightly as he witnessed the display. The giant spun the awl between his two monstrously large, scarred, hairy hands, as if contemplating the most efficient - or entertaining - way to use it. Meanwhile the smallest of the three had chosen a knife for himself. Sherlock recognized it as the same one being used to combat him, the blade rusty and covered in filth. It had nicked him in the face; just scratches, really, but he might still need to have his tetanus vaccination renewed. Assuming, of course, that he got out of their clutches before they turned both him and John into their own twisted version of beef jerky.
Sherlock lightly grasped John's wrist for just a second and walked off in search of where their culprits could have gone. Not five minutes later, he spotted a clear path where the familiar worn-down tire tracks led away from the field.
Trembling hands gripping the door frame until they were white, Mary hardly gave another thought before the flash of metal hurtled towards her. The arrow whistled past her ear and lodged itself deep into the dashboard, and Mary fought every instinct to bolt out of the rental car and run. She had no bearings here and whomever was attacking her would quickly run her down and find her. And kill her. Likely amongst several other things.
A high-pitched cackling sound, akin to laughter, erupted from deranged mountain man's grinning mouth, and the very next moment he took a swing at Sherlock with his bowie knife.
John knew that he had created a rift between himself and Sherlock with his unthinking words about Sherlock being the cause of their troubles. The detective could not have foreseen these events anymore than John himself, and did not deserve the blame for something he had no influence over. John wondered if he should try to apologize, but at the same time, he did not want to disrupt Sherlock's concentration.
"Did he say anything while he was awake?" Mycroft asked, hoping the answer would help rule out any kind of brain damage. Sherlock had been lucky enough to keep his cognitive and motor abilities intact after Moran's brutal attempt on his life, and he had cheated death on many occasions following that. Though Mycroft's temperament did not allow him to believe in nonsensical concepts like karma or fate, he was sometimes plagued by the nagging feeling that someday Sherlock was going to run out of luck. Perhaps that day had indeed arrived.
She shrugged. "Yes and no. They were sorta weird. The joke going around was that we liked their dogs better than them. Two little dogs: a mini pinscher and a pug."
Perhaps I was somehow wrong, Sherlock thought. Perhaps this moronic lump of a man really was able to understand how to violate him...
The younger man's thoughts were but autumn leaves in a gust of wind. As Sherlock struggled to calm himself and get his bearings straight, he wished he could speak. He wished his eyesight were good enough to communicate through a notebook. He wished he had never followed John on this journey.
We'll see, after Sherlock has his time with you, Mycroft thought cynically, despite the hope that crept in the back of his mind.
Vision blurred and red, John squeezed his eyes shut, hoping he could quickly clear them of the blood that likely came from the blow that had rendered him unconscious in the first place. A hook light hanging above him was the only light source in the space, and as he steadily regained focus, he could see that he was not alone. The two men were back from their excursion into the forest, the tallest having his back turned to him. The other sat on a nearby stool, grinning in excitement and bouncing a little on his seat.
An hour passed, and no one emerged from either bedroom. John speculated that both Sherlock and Mary were trying to wait the other one out, equally determined so as not to be the first to leave their respective strongholds.
A stench of a family without concept of personal hygiene invaded his senses as he stood within. Indeed, even the cooking ware and platter looked as though they had never been cleaned. Two beds seemed to confirm his suspicions of the small clan, and though he was not deeply surprised at the stains on the ragged mattresses, the notion of these monsters having killed victims on their own beds - and then still slept in them - made his stomach lurch.
John looked over to the doorway, then back at Mary’s smiling face. The nasty little voice came back for just a moment, but he ignored it.
"Our car, with Mary probably still in it, was towed by a second vehicle," Sherlock explained, unusually patient with John's lack of understanding. "You can see the presence of a second vehicle, and judging from what I can see here, it's a pickup truck that has not had a tire-change in at least twenty years. The imprints in the rubber have almost completely worn off."
The dirt road was beginning to get muddy, a peculiar thing since it had not rained for several days. However, looking past the trees again, Mary noted that the sign seemed even closer now, and it inspired her to drive onward.
"I'd rather not risk it." This was really an exceptionally bad time to be arguing about anything. The longer they dallied, the more likely it was that their little stunt would become public knowledge.
"What did you do, John Watson?" Mycroft snarled, his posh, public school accent laced with something that could only be described as primal. "I'm going to find out anyway, so you'd do well to remember it's in your best interest to tell me the truth."
Not that he was angry with Sherlock, not really; rather this was a case of redirected aggression with Sherlock as the only available outlet for John's indescribable rage, and under normal circumstances John would have realized this and instantly apologized to his best friend for the harsh and unfair string of accuses. This was, however, as far from 'normal circumstances' as one could get, and at that moment it felt good to hurt Sherlock, to make him experience just a fraction of the pain Mary had been made to endure in her final moments before death.
He was grateful for the short reprieve he was granted when all three clan members left the cabin for a few minutes, obviously to check on something outside. Had they caught another victim in one of their insidious traps? Or perhaps slain one earlier when he was left in the "care" of the idiot and woke up inside a wooden crate after biting the dull creature?
Breath deep and heavy, John tried to say yes, but he could barely make any intelligible words. Instead he only moaned and nodded, eyes closed to fully feel the blissful sensation of the hand closed around him. Sherlock smiled and kissed John’s stomach – just below the navel – out of playful affection, and then left the bed to rummage through his solitary luggage bag.
Sherlock gave the best head. That was an undisputable fact. No one before him had possessed the same skill and technique, the ability to have John fighting back a climax less than a minute into the blowjob. Sherlock's mouth was made for it, even more than it was made for incessant talking.
A shame he could not simply text via a landline, but alas. Rising from his seat, he left the room, dialed the number on a nearby public phone, and listened to the ring. A female staff member answered.
“Granted, there are a few complaints I have with the rules myself, but that’s neither here nor there,” Sherlock continued, standing up and taking a step towards the laptop. “Your friend Sarah looks happy here.”
The giant tucked himself back into his trousers without wiping his soiled penis. Sherlock made no attempts to rise, even though the crushing weight was momentarily taken off of him. John could hear him quietly sobbing into the sullied mattress.
Both hands entangled in Sherlock’s hair, John tilted his head back, squirming beneath his partner. Luckily for the consulting detective, the worst of his sunburns were on his upper torso. Feeling playful, John wiggled one of his legs out from under the other man just enough so that the knee could bend, and he used his foot to tickle Sherlock’s groin. This time it was Sherlock’s turn to squirm.
The breath of the foul creature became heavy as it fondled Sherlock's groin, and when it pressed the length of its heavy body against him, he quickly realized this brute was a man, and very much intact. He shuddered at the hot breaths beating against his face and the stiff organ poking into his hip. The erection did not feel incredibly big, especially not compared to the size of the giant's, but Sherlock still did not want to feel anything inside his inflamed channel, let alone some filthy, disease-ridden cock. And if he was indeed about to be violated, he could not rely on his attacker to think to use lubrication, not even from saliva.
Anthea usually never intruded with personal opinions; she understood how her employer operated and Mycroft - being Mycroft - understood how she operated in kind. He knew his personal assistant had to have a reason for giving her view on the matter, but to hell with that trivial matter. Even without the resentful factor of John Watson being found first, Mycroft hardly wanted the doctor present in a time such as this.
That settled it. Saw-tooth grabbed a frying pan from the nearby stove and stomped toward his son and the scrawny whore. He swung the object at the smaller clan member, but fortunately for Three-finger, he had developed the reflexes of a cougar and managed to dodge the blow. The frying pan made a loud clattering noise against the old iron pipe, and although it missed its target, the move had at least attracted Three-finger's attention.
"I'm forwarding you some therapists in both rehabilitation and psychology," she declared. "Both locally here and in London."
Returning to consciousness felt like a tiny taste of hell, the sensation of every fibre of feeling coming back utterly indescribable. At first John felt as though his eyes refused to open - perhaps they did - and when they finally opened, the room was a blur. Before his vision could properly adjust, he made out the steady beeping of an EKG and an unending hiss of a device strapped to his face. A ventilator. The only thought which he could process was that he must have needed it.
"I felt responsible for what happened to my brother that night," Mycroft admitted. "Sherlock was so close to dying, and I could have stopped it."
The resounding bang with which the sauna door suddenly flew open made them both jerk in their seats and hastily pull away from each other. For a moment, John almost expected a member of the staff barging in on them to say that their behaviour had been noticed and would not be tolerated at a family friendly resort. The person, however, was Sherlock.
"I figured as much, Will, my dear," Mycroft said and beckoned his brother closer. The first whiff of urine could be detected when William came within arm's reach. The stores offered no baby nappies in his brother's size, so the Holmeses had started ordering them via mail from strange places around the country. However, acquiring the nappies was the least of their worries. William being almost five and still needing them was a much more pressing concern.
Besides the occasional flashes of memory which came back to haunt him, John remembered very little of the actual moment he was wounded. He found out afterwards that the man who had shot him was gunned down moments later by his comrades, but the knowledge brought him no satisfaction. The man - an enemy soldier, but still a man with dreams, hopes and goals, much like himself - had died for his conviction, much like he and everyone else who served had committed themselves to.
"Don't look, John…" he whispered, manually turning the doctor's face away from the carnage. "I told you not to look, but you had to anyway."
"Everything's alright," Mycroft said, though whether he directed this statement more to patient or medical staff was unknown. He looked up at the nurse. "He's awoken in emotional distress, but I've managed to calm him." He nodded to the younger man stiff as a coiled spring in his arms.
The paved road was little else but winding twists and turns, and even craning her neck to look ahead at where the curves would lead was nearly impossible, as the grounds were thick with trees. Added to the problem were the forks in the road that seemed at first to be the right path, but simply rendered her more lost than before. She crept along, figuring that she had to reach an end in this marginalized, cramped place, and that at least she might be able to turn around or find someone to ask directions from.
"Got it wrong?!" Mary shouted, her voice raw. A hot tear escaped from the corner of her eye and trickled down her cheek. "You're fucking Sherlock Holmes! How can I possibly be wrong?"
"If you'd like to talk someplace more private...?" the physician began, glancing toward Anthea seated two chairs away from the civil servant, but Mycroft silenced him with a raised hand.
"Christ, I couldn't believe it," John softly exclaimed. "Suddenly Mary's back in the lodge and here I am, stinking of sex musk with Mary knowing exactly what's happened."
"One week, Sherlock. That's all I asked for. It's not like I was going away forever. I just wanted a small breather."
Sawtooth lifted the subject by his arse, thereby taking some of the weight off his straining wrists. He knew he was causing pain by digging his fingers into the soft, pliant flesh, even though his quarry was fighting hard not to let it show. More muffled protests sounded from the pudgy one, and Three-finger playfully pinched his upturned nose, as if disciplining a wayward child.
He heard an impious laugh back at the grounds and winced. Perhaps not even in all of Britain could they have faced something so awful. If Sherlock was still alive to count as the 'they' in question.
Inside, John and Sherlock were still asleep. Their limbs tangled about one another, they remained under the sheet, looking to be in absolute unconscious bliss. John only stirred when he heard a noise. Lifting his head, he realized what it was, and might have gone back to sleep had the opening door not proceeded to shut. Jolting upward, he whispered a string of curses and dove for his discarded robe, wondering where the bloody hell the waistband had gone for it.
If the clan was to be providing him drink, they would likely provide food, which was another concern. Would they give him anything of proper nutrition, or purposefully feed him garbage? If they gave him definite nutriment... it would almost definitely be meat. Sherlock was not at all looking forward to what kind.
John hardly felt the sensation of his bonds being untied, and he wobbled for a moment when his feet met the ground. He glanced down at his waist where the idiot had bitten him, and though the skin was not bleeding outright, it had been broken and was now quite red. If the detective and his assistant were to get out of this hellish ordeal alive, they might just die of infection from God knew what bacteria lingered in the mouths of these men.
The sound of a belt being unbuckle reached beyond the detective's shocked haze and into his ears, and as he drowsily looked up, he saw the giant alpha had indeed removed a belt.
"Unhand me at once, or I will make sure that your mother will have to live off of food stamps for the rest of her life!" the civil servant retorted in a mixture of a hiss and a snarl, taking momentary pleasure in watching the man's suntanned face go visibly pale.
"Thank you, I'm well aware," Mycroft retorted, but his words lacked bite. He was simply too exhausted.
On the wooden table, which took up most of the cabin's single room, were several plates, jars and cups which seemed to have never been washed throughout existence. Remains of a past meal - or more likely several - were on a stove that looked positively archaic, and the detective couldn't help but wonder if the poor unfortunate person whose entrails he had found outside in the bucket was the main course.
Entering the backyard, Sherlock first saw several wrought iron racks, one of which had a skin stretched out on it and left to dry in the sun hours ago. Sherlock wished the skin had belonged to an animal. Though the criminals had been lucky in choosing to collect purses and identification, their actions on their own property were sloppier, not that this was a surprise.
The skinny one's head hung for a moment, dazed by the blow, and Sawtooth moved behind him. The awl was still in one meaty hand, and he drifted its tip up the length of the man's spine. He felt and saw the small start of the pale body, and his cloven mouth spread into a grin as he closed his free hand around one half of his prey's backside, squeezing at the supple, curved flesh. The body beneath his touch stiffened as though stricken with rigor mortis, but only for a few seconds.
Peering in the lamplight, he scanned the entire room for both signs of hidden attackers and Sherlock himself before creeping towards a closed door. Unlocked, the door gave way easily, and John's grip on his weapon tensed, though in vain. The room, though it smelled irrevocably foul, held no one. What surprised John was the presence of a toilet and bathtub within, though clearly neither had been used in a very long time. Both were clogged to the brim with unknown fluids; fluids that John did not identify, mostly because he did not want to.
When they finally reached the resort, they parked first at the reception office. As they got out of the rental car, two middle-aged men strolled by, completely naked, and waved at them, smiling. Mary tried to be polite and waved back, but Sherlock ignored them, heading inside. John, feeling vaguely uncomfortable, followed suit.
He nearly continued on his way when something caught his eye. There in the dirt was... he stepped closer and inspected the interruption amongst the grit and ground. Once he saw it, he hardly knew how he could have missed it: a tube, just peeking out from the dirt.
Mary herself had turned down the advances of not one but three different men during her brief stay in the bar. Her first admirer had complimented her on her accent, called her an "English rose" and offered to buy her a drink. She politely declined, and the man had accepted the rejection with a surprising amount of grace. The same could not be said for the other two, and after being called a "snobby bitch" and then "uptight cunt", Mary decided to leave the bar.
Mycroft pursed his lips at the message and visualized a hedgehog on its back and angrily squealing, even more so when Watson's voice was still strained from the use of a ventilator. The temper tantrums of a useless minder for his brother was not what he needed to deal with at present. Well... not completely useless, but Mycroft could care less about that minute detail.
Less than a second later he remembered the following in succession: there was no school. He was too old for that. He was an adult. He was Sherlock Holmes. He was Sherlock Holmes regaining consciousness. The last time he had been awake...
John’s face went a deep red. At times like these, he wondered if his personal life had been better off had he not given in to impulse that night so long ago. The morning after, he had said that it had all been a mistake, though this statement had not kept them from engaging in the act over and over again. Perhaps it really had been a mistake.
"I see." Mycroft cocked his head to the side, and his forehead creased in a way that suggested wheels were turning inside his head, quite rapidly. "Anything in particular that might have triggered it...?" he then inquired. "Did you two have a quarrel, perhaps?"
"You are dehydrated and likely also hypoglycemic," John patiently explained as he sat down on the edge of the sofa. "Now please let me examine you so that I can treat you accordingly."
Mycroft was perspiring profusely. It did not help that the helicopter had air conditioning or that it was undoubtedly in use, he was still practically melting into a puddle within his tailored three-piece suit, the bulky bullet proof body armor that the Americans had insisted he wore, and his wool overcoat. His forehead a dripping mess, the civil servant wiped it for the sixteenth time since climbing aboard the aircraft and silently contemplated his body's rapid fluid loss. At this rate, they would have to check him in along with Sherlock once they arrived at the hospital. He tucked away his handkerchief, now soaked through as well, into the breast pocket of his coat. The adrenaline rush of finding Sherlock buried alive in his shallow grave had passed, and it was replaced by a feeling of profound exhaustion. Mycroft Holmes could not remember last time he had felt this drained and figured he should probably thank God for small favours. Sleep deprivation was an unfortunate but non-optional side-effect of working in his line of trade.
The detective rolled his eyes as though he was talking to a simpleton. He pointed at his own head. "This."
Crouched down behind a moss-covered boulder, John decided to hazard a glance in the direction of the childish laughter and was able to observe his attacker properly for the first time.
The doctor realized that his friend would only become more agitated unless they did what he said, and dutifully connected the two pieces of portable electronics using the USB cord. The power bar on Sherlock's laptop indicated that the battery would soon need to be recharged as well. Had Sherlock even thought to bring an adapter for a US outlet?
"Mary..." he admonished and caught her hand. "Not here... This is supposed to be a family friendly resort!"
Shocked at not only the ferocity but also the surprising strength and agility shown by the deformed mountain man, Sherlock realized with a sinking feel of dread that for all his mental prowess, this was a fight where he was very likely to be outmatched.
This chapter does not have any overtly violent or gory imagery, but it's still disturbing in its own right.
Almost sighing, the older of the two walked on for two more steps until he allowed the little luxury. At least when William was lifted and carried along, he stayed still. Mycroft had to accept that at least he had won in the trivial battle of getting the boy to wear a nappy. When Will demanded physical comfort, he didn't just want it; he required it, at least in his own little mind, and if it meant he would concede to the diaper, this was a small but welcome price to pay for the resulting victory.
Mycroft raised a questioning eyebrow, face still impassive, but John could tell he was definitely more attentive now.
"It is my brain that is starving, not my body!" the detective snapped. "I need a case, not greasy East-asian food! Something!"
Before he could form an idea of what to do, he caught a flash of movement in the corner of his eye, and he could barely realize this was an outstretched arm as the creature's blade whistled past his ear and into the dirt inches from his face.
"She's not back yet," Sherlock informed him and flopped onto the couch in a most ungraceful heap of long, lanky limbs. At least it was an improvement from yesterday, when he had dropped down half-dead. Plus he had remembered to put sun-block on his face and arms, which was certainly promising.
John did not know the time, having not put on a watch, but based on the position of the sun, he surmised that the more prominent businesses had to be open. The three of them had heard the dollar store, being the closest and biggest source of food and supplies for miles, was open quite late in the day, so hopefully this also meant it opened early as well.
"Whatever your problem stems from, it is not physiological," he said. "I can hear you masturbate almost daily; in your bedroom, in the shower, and you never have any difficulty producing or sustaining an erection at those times."
Sherlock stood still as a pylon, waiting for the whistle of a kettle which was seemingly taking forever. He was beginning to hate the sound of John's voice.
Now the panic had returned. Mary pressed the accelerator down, but the car remained still as a stone and the tires spun in the mud without traction.
Giving an annoyed sigh, Sherlock finally gave in, following his assistant. "Will you at least spoon feed me?" he asked slyly.
John cleared his throat. "I wanted to ask you about this... since you've known him longer than I. Or anyone, really."
The combined laughter of the cleft-mouthed giant and the three-fingered madman joined the man-child's infantile guffawing, and to Sherlock's surprise and then utter disgust, the idiot began to touch him with something that could only be described as mock tenderness. One large, filthy hand stroked his damp nest of curls and he swore he could hear hushing noises of comfort leave the medium-sized lunatic's mouth.
How ashamed was Sherlock as he was invaded by this monster? Had he reached a place in his mind where he no longer felt shame from such cruelty?
It possessed a great amount of self-control, Three-finger had to admit that. Most other prey would be blubbering and crying by now, yanking at their bonds and attempting to kick and bite anyone who approached. This one at least knew well enough to save its energy.
"Enough," Sherlock said, pulling the other man away from him so they could look one another in the eyes. Though tears poured freely down John's face, he stared into nothing, eyes wide and color drained from his face.
"Yes, soldier fellows. Veterans, like yourself." Mycroft's tongue snaked out to wet his lips. "What if I told you that Sherlock's last 'boyfriend' was a Gulf war vet who trampled him half to death?"
"Three!" The detective's bloodied face twisted into an ugly grimace of despair. To John it was a surprise every time to see the beautiful man's features make such a sudden and drastic transformation.
There goes my other shoulder, the doctor thought, realizing that fate was indeed not without a sense of irony.
Mycroft bit back a scathing retort in the last possible moment and settled for a glare. It would not do to antagonize these people, idiots though they were…
John was at a loss for words. He could picture Sherlock so clearly, sitting on the cold floor of his closet, knees drawn up to his chest, eyes staring blankly into the surrounding darkness with only the sound of his own blood coursing in his ears... Sherlock, all alone, with no one to confide in. John felt his chest constrict painfully.
“All in good time,” the detective said. “Her luggage and belongings are still here, as my… intuitive assistant has asked.”
"And yet you thought sex was the way to comfort my brother following a harrowing revelation such as the one you described? Especially since you are, as you say, now committed to someone else."
"I asked you to do my back, John. I can reach those bits myself." His words, however, lacked their usual acidity, and John thought he saw a smile tugging at the corners of Sherlock's mouth. Or it could have been simply another one of the tics caused by drug withdrawal. John chose to believe the former.
Backing himself away from the corner, he sniffed the air again, realizing that never before in their investigation of the property had there been a smell of sweat and unwashed, vile bodies. He looked around at the backyard and then finally toward the cabin roof, where something seemed to move. Before he had time to consider what the thing was, it stepped forward, and the first clear thought Sherlock had was that it was holding a knife. By then, the figure was leaping off of the roof and towards him.
Gravity did the rest. The inbred creature lost its balance and stumbled, but the steely arms did not loosen, and John felt the dreadful sensation of falling backwards down the slope. Both bodies rolled halfway down, and finally John was freed from the thing's grip. He scrambled to his feet as quickly as he could, but unsurprisingly, his opponent was quicker, having an entire life's worth of practice. Muscles tensed under the mountain man's arms like steel cords, and without a knife, he resorted to spreading his spidery fingers like claws. What had once been dangling spittle was looking dangerously close to frenzied foam.
"Sleeping is boring..." Sherlock murmured, now busy examining every nook and cranny of the small lodge. The cooking possibilities were rather limited, and John hoped they would be served food at the restaurant at least once every day. Did this place even have a restaurant? And if so, would one have to attend in the nude? Did the cooks also work in the nude?
John glanced at Mary, who looked like she had just drunk something and realized it was urine. The doctor was very close to deciding against the entire trip, just to spite Sherlock.
“Oh… okay,” he replied, following her out of the pool, though he was quick to wrap his towel around himself.
Mycroft had tacitly accepted that it would be a while before his brother could be returned to London, assuming he ever could. Until he was sure Sherlock would live, he did not want to waste resources.
John felt himself blushing furiously and was sorely tempted to simply slam the laptop shut. Maybe he would have done exactly that if Mycroft hadn't spoken up again.
John leaned forward slowly, trying to establish eye contact with Sherlock, which the younger man seemed determined to avoid at all costs. His hands were trembling again - though for an entirely different reason this time - and John could also detect a twitch in his facial muscles which did not seem voluntary. Both were clear signs of drug withdrawal. God, why hadn't he noticed any of this before? Or perhaps he had, but then he'd attributed everything to Sherlock simply being Sherlock, not for once thinking that perhaps Sherlock was truly sick, in the most clinical sense.
“I don’t think she has any role in Ms. Cavanaugh’s disappearance. There’s nothing to allude to that just yet, anyway…”
Just as he opened up Firefox, a Skype window appeared, and the doctor was just about to check it off when it occurred to him that the username and password had already been entered.
"They offered free breakfast!" the doctor muttered stubbornly, although he was starting to suspect that his choice of lodging had indeed been really poor.
"Should he be alerted of Sherlock's condition?" Anthea's tone was still light and friendly in a professional manner, but it made the question she asked no less poignant. Mycroft paid her to take orders and execute them, not to offer her personal opinions, and it was very rarely indeed that Anthea breached their contract by interjecting something of personal value.
"Alright, not very likely," Sherlock agreed. "But panicking when there's no cause for it is not going to do one lick of good for any of us." He carefully approached John and placed one long, white hand on his friend's shoulder, unsure whether this was the right thing to do. But John had criticized him in the past for not being tactile enough, and Sherlock wanted to show his assistant that he could improve.
With a shout of triumph, the giant threw Sherlock down onto his bed. The detective's head banged hard against the metallic headboard, and John almost wished his friend would lose consciousness and thus be spared the experience awaiting him.
, he thought before everything went quiet. The staff at the hospital was speaking English with American accents... Why?
The older of the two nurses suspiciously glanced at the blood-stained sheets and then proceeded to view the spray of blood on Mycroft's shirt.
Sherlock backed away, almost looking betrayed. He averted his gaze and gathered his hands into fists. John did not suppose he would be punched for whatever reason, but Sherlock had always been unpredictable in the past.
He started when he saw movement to the left of him, but when he realized it was only Sherlock, he hurried toward him.
Sherlock was surprisingly reserved in his response, but he breathed deeply, his breaths audible but not yet reaching a moan. He leaned backward as his assistant and friend increased the depth of his fingers, playfully moving them inside him. Finally, he moved backwards, off of the fingers which penetrated him, and lifted himself over the other's erect cock. John expected the wonderful snug feeling which would follow, but instead Sherlock spoke.
"It seems you two have some things to sort out," the elder Holmes said. "So I'll leave you to it. I myself have a meeting to attend in fifteen minutes."
Access to proper cleaning supplies or at least water would have helped greatly. A bucket covered in grime sat nearby, flies buzzing over the intestines which lay in a pile within. He first thought they were Mary's, but her corpse had no slit along the belly, and these had clearly been rotting for much longer, if the coloration and presence of maggots had anything to indicate.
"Sir," the other nurse, realizing very quickly that Sherlock would never stay still for reinsertion, let alone keep the needle in place. "We're going to need to turn your brother over to sedate him."
"And what is between the two of you, Doctor?" he asked. That tone was back again, sharp edges growing around his voice. "I would have thought someone of your fastidious temperament and mentality would be able to cope with Sherlock's condition... especially considering your profession and... friendship with him."
For now, the only problem was getting the damned whore to swallow. The wretched creature's eyes bulged and its body tensed under Three-finger's hold, straining at the hand clamped over its mouth. Just a little longer...
"My assistant can take care of that," he interjected, never keeping Sherlock out of his sight just a few feet down the hallway.
John was also not sure how much time he had left to free Sherlock. Mary had been killed within six hours of being abducted, and the doctor estimated half an hour - more or less - had passed since he last heard from his friend.
Feeling resolute again, John returned to his digging. Though the sun was rising and giving him a better view of his progress, dawn was beginning to make him nervous. He had not heard their captors for quite some time, which meant they were possibly sleeping. What exactly was the cycle of their sleep? Would they be waking again soon?
Swallowing his pain, physical as well as spiritual, he once again gave the river his full attention. His body was doing its best to remind him that he was no longer twenty-five and wounded on top of that. The recent exertion had made him sweat rivers, and he had not drunk any fluids since yesterday.
But he would not remotely begin to place himself in his partner's position, to pretend that he could understand how all of this felt. John was spoiled in comparison to the past that Sherlock had, and their present predicament felt like a culmination of the abuse doled out to the detective from preceding years.
"I don't suppose there would be a point to improvising some weapons out of branches...?" John said, half in jest.
Against his will, John's interest was perked. This place had its own casino? He never would have guessed. Perhaps later, if they had nothing going on...
The other two are nowhere near as fast as John, he reminded himself. If only he could avert the small one's attention long enough to secure John's freedom…
Finishing his shower, he allowed himself a rare frivolous thought of inhaling the shampoo like cocaine in order to rid his nostrils of the offending smell, then found himself wondering what else the locals could withstand if they regularly dealt with that river.
Alas, the absence of pliers was no indication of mercy from his tormentors. A massive hand grasped his jaw and turned Sherlock's head toward the patriarch, who inspected the bloodstained lips, prodding at them with a dirt-covered finger.
That damnable arm. The face of the monstrous bastard who had broken it the first time appeared in Mycroft's mind for just a moment.
“This is where she usually parks,” Bobbi said, pointing to a corner of the parking lot. Peculiarly enough, it was still empty despite the length of time the woman had been gone.
Sherlock nervously glanced back toward the door, such a small thing to separate them from their captors. He seemed to remember too that they had no time to waste. His face pinched together as though he were swallowing down his physical pain, he silently leaned forward and entered the hole. He took a cautious look first in case of a welcoming party on the other side, but luckily for him and his assistant, no one awaited them.
The dull creature's large, filthy hand, sticky with sweat, suddenly clamped over his face, blunt fingertips probing past already swollen lips to reach his oral cavity, seemingly entranced by the warm, wet nature of it. Sherlock made his decision on pure impulse, his repulsion too great to be overshadowed by a more rational assessment. He bit down on the fingers in his mouth, hard, and did not stop even when he heard the sickening crunch of enamel scraping against bone.
Mary slammed the door shut, locked herself in, and hoped desperately that steel and glass would be enough between her and her attacker whilst she tried to get this damned vehicle to move, god damn it, move!
She should have taken a map, as suggested. In her lack of focus, she had at some point in the drive taken a wrong turn.
"I doubt that matters. Now take it. Doctor's orders," he added in a mock-stern voice. To his surprise, Sherlock did not argue and washed down the 100 milligrams of Clozapine with some water.
"What?" John asked. As far as he had seen, Sherlock had been unable to do little else but struggle in vain and take the abuse given to him. Still, he remembered the look in Sherlock's eyes when the giant had gotten close enough to John.
But the sound of a removed belt or unzipped trousers did not occur. A hard member was still covered with material as it nudged against the small of the detective's back. The hot breath beat against Sherlock's neck and he cringed as he felt the thick, overwhelming body envelope his shaking form. Even with the mountain man's hard sex straining against trousers and unable to penetrate him, Sherlock was still at risk of being hurt, possibly by being crushed or suffocated. He whimpered when he felt the creature's full weight lay on top of him, resuming that terrible humping motion.
Finally a barked order from the giant followed immediately by a harsh shove to the shoulder got the man-child moving, his brother skipping ahead of him toward the kitchen area. The giant remained by the bed, his beady, misaligned eyes, one of which deviated outward, fixed intently on his prisoner. Clearly the leader had requested some time alone with Sherlock.
There were not many ways to make the little whore's death look like some kind of "accident", not when it was tied to a bed and incapable of doing much but lay there. Three-finger stared at his father's plaything from across the cabin, from this angle only able to see a pair of dirty, pale feet. He didn't like this Outsider. The torment his family granted it was not worth the threat it posed to their wellbeing.
“Is this what sluts like?” John murmured through his heavy breathing. Sherlock made some unintelligible cry of verification, and the doctor watched his neck, entranced by the bobbing Adam’s apple made all the more noticeable by Sherlock’s slick, sweat-covered skin. '
"Mycroft, I had an accident…" William began, his voice small and weak, perhaps hoping it would pass by unnoticed by his brother.
"Sherlock!" the doctor gasped, and his own hands travelled feverishly along the length of Sherlock's thighs, carding through the small, crinkly hairs which were too light too be visible, but could nonetheless be felt. He enveloped the younger man's leaking cock in his own rough, callused fist, not at all surprised to find out that it had already left a snail's trail of pre-come on his stomach.
, he chanted in his brain. They would not and they could not. They could not make him eat the meat. The stink of the prepared flesh was undeniably human, and from now on, Sherlock would always face the chance that whatever meat served to him would not be from a deer or other mindless beast. No, this monstrous clan's preferred livestock was of the bipedal variety. 'Two-legged mutton' as some old cultures jokingly dubbed it.
Three-finger dug in. A rabbit was not the same as the pale whore, but it would do for now. Besides, he was hungry. The clan usually cooked or fried meat before eating it, but Three-finger had always preferred the taste of raw meat. He used more force than necessary when eviscerating the animal, pretending he was doing it to Sawtooth's little plaything. The meat was good; juicy, tender and ripe, just the kind you could expect from a young, healthy rabbit. It certainly tasted a lot better than that nasty blonde whore they feasted on the previous day.
The vehicles in the clearing sat like shining headstones and tombs, some far older than others, and Mycroft speculated that the number of victims had to be in the hundreds. How long exactly had this family been doing this? John had mentioned only three... but what if there were others, hidden away in these seemingly endless forests in the mountains?
Sherlock's previous experiences with therapists had not been positive. Besides, there was no point discussing or making plans concerning the younger Holmes' mental health until they were sure he was going to survive the ordeal.
Sherlock demonstrably ignored the warning and resumed his noisy habit, this time hard enough to make the wall, and everything attached to it, rattle. A painting crashed to the floor, inadvertently making John twitch.
Mycroft briefly debated with himself over whether to mention that Sherlock had a history of opiate abuse and thus should not be given morphine for a multitude of reasons, but he did not voice his concern. Partly because he knew his brother would be in a lot of pain no matter what, and there was no substance that was quite as effective as morphine, and also because he presently could not be bothered to care whether Sherlock developed an addiction. That he was alive was a miracle in itself.
John's anxiety grew with each passing hour that Mary remained absent. He paced the lodge restlessly, wringing his hands and picking up on the slightest sound from outside that might indicate Mary's return. Sadly, every time he rushed to the windows, hoping to see his irate but unharmed girlfriend stomping toward the lodge, he was left disappointed.
The generator growled on in a room connected to the main space of the cabin, and already Sherlock was thinking about dismantling the thing to somehow gain an iota of control over these filthy, primitive bastards.
"You don't even care, do you?" John spat out, furious at his partner's impassive and callous behaviour. "'A brain without a heart', that's what someone said to describe you, and they're bloody right!"
John took his flatmate's twitching hand and gave it a gentle squeeze. "I haven't left you. And I never will. You have my word."
"Well then, Doctor. I have to prepare for a meeting with the US foreign secretary in just one hour, and..."
Rumors travelled fast in a place like this, and no doubt many of them had heard gossip of the English detective with the keen, piercing blue eyes and deep, sultry voice that had arrived in their little community. A pair of teenage girls lounging about by the outdoor pool went into a giggling fit when he walked by, their heads together as they whispered and guffawed in a way that was downright rude, not to mention unladylike.
When the door opened, Ferguson was wearing only a t-shirt, and somehow it made her seem even more naked than to wear nothing whatsoever. Upon seeing the detective, her eyes widened with anticipation.
John finally chose to look at the floor under his feet. They dangled helplessly at least three inches above the frayed, filthy boards which constituted the floor of the cottage. The static position and his inability to change it caused lactic acid to form in his arms and shoulders, but that pain was nothing compared to what Sherlock must be feeling in this very moment.
The family left the shed with Three-finger leading the way in his usual twitchy, manic gait. Sawtooth, carrying the body, lumbered on in a pace he found more comfortable, with One-Eye trailing closely behind. The youngest of the clan was eager to start chopping up the dead whore; one of few tasks One-Eye could be expected to perform expertly.
"There was a fracture in his right forearm. Now it already had a titanium screw from a previous break, but we were able to set it again..."
Whilst Anthea pulled any and all references possible for the potential therapist, Mycroft sat staring at Sherlock. The younger Holmes was asleep, his IV back in place at the elbow as though his outburst had never happened, save for the new bruises splotching the skin like excessive watercolor. Part of Mycroft had been surprised that the needle had not been inserted at the forearm or hand, not only from Sherlock's dehydration, but for the likely poor condition of his system from so many years of substance abuse. If Sherlock Holmes was good at one thing, it was the capacity to exceed people's expectations.
Ready to dash out of the cabin, he fought to restrain himself, to repress the sudden feeling of dread. As determined to stay put as John had seemed, ready to bash someone's brains out for so much as looking in his direction, something - anything - could have happened. Call it instinct, call it the practical concern of tampered evidence, but Sherlock felt an immediate sense of alarm at being separated from John.
Mycroft was also well-aware of the fact that he was personally to blame for at least one of these events, and Sherlock had never really forgiven him for it. It was a disheartening thought that now he might never get a chance to earn his brother's forgiveness. Mycroft, of course, had never expected Sherlock to live a full lifespan, not with the way he chose to live on the edge practically on a daily basis, but he had somehow always hoped for more time. Mycroft Holmes, who was famous not only for his rapier wits and unprecedented powers of observation, but his equally sharp management and organizational skills, was at a loss when it came to managing Sherlock.
"I grabbed it when he carried me past a table," Sherlock explained. "And don't worry, I didn't have to smuggle it up my arse. Not that I couldn't." His voice once again became bitter. "At this point the pain is enough that I could cram a jam jar up there and not notice any difference."
"Easy there, Mr. Holmes," the team leader said, offering a strong hand to keep him steady. He turned to bark some orders to his crew. "Hurry up on that medivac!"
Sherlock smirked. “Please. I wouldn’t have made it out of the country if that were the case. Besides, why would he send someone when he knew I was with you?”
“And how did you think I could simply tell you that?” he snapped. “Just casually mention it over breakfast? Maybe I neglected to tell you because it was simply less painful! It’s been years since it was truly a problem, and it would have still not been a problem if you hadn’t found the damn pills.”
Mycroft held out the sleeves of the pyjama top to facilitate his brother's dressing, despite the fact that William had been able to dress himself since he was three and never hesitated reminding him of it. Indeed, the boy's small fingers demonstrated advanced levels of dexterity, sleekly moving across the buttons of his pajamas with speed and accuracy unparalleled within his peer group. So why was William unable to learn to control his bladder? His little brother was a frustrating mystery of contradictions, and Mycroft didn't like mysteries. Not the ones he was unable to solve, anyway.
The other, even more disturbing possibility was that they sometimes hunted for fun without harvesting the meat. Was that what they had done to Mary? Apart from bleeding her out, her killers had left the body intact, and hot, humid temperatures such as these caused dead flesh to decompose at an alarming rate. Sherlock was intimately familiar with the chemical processes of decomposition; he had conducted many thorough studies on the topic, sometimes using subjects from St. Bart's morgue for his experiments.
Water and flannel had been easy enough to get through, but the boy's eyes focused throughout on the little cabinet door beneath the sink itself. William knew what was under that sink, as he had it well memorized: cleaning products (both for people and surfaces), a spare toilet brush for when the original would need to be replaced, a set of sponges of various textures, extra bars of soap wrapped in wax paper, and a package he had hoped he would never have to use again. Clearly tonight had proved otherwise, but he did not want to believe that.
The doctor proceeded to pick up the small, white tablet from the table in front of them. "Then you should take it now. Or your withdrawal symptoms will get worse."
“I haven’t found an air conditioner. It’ll be too warm for those,” Mary replied, lifting her arm and extending it toward him. “You can get in as is.”
"I don't suppose you thought to bring any spare food for our trip...?" he said, trying for more humor and failing. Both men had returned to that place in their hearts where nothing seemed very funny at all.
Sawtooth called out a second time, hoping perhaps a little naively that his eldest could hear his voice above the roaring din. Just as he thought he had lost him for good, he heard a splash far different from the current. A lumpy head popped up from the water and wiry arms clamped around a large rock in a grip of iron. The giant clan leader hurried as quickly as his cumbersome form could allow and stepped carefully onto the stones, arm outstretched to guide his waterlogged son onto dry land. Three-finger coughed and hacked up some river water but seemed otherwise unharmed. If anything, he seemed just as annoyed as his father that the plump Outsider had slipped from his grasp, and he picked up a stone within his reach and hurled it downriver.
No, no, no! This was not the time to be thinking about such matters. He'd have plenty of time to rehydrate and recuperate in a hospital if he managed to get out of this fucked up mess, but he wasn't out of the woods yet - quite literally.
Only when the noises took on a decidedly angry tone did John give in and finally head down to check on his friend, flatmate and occasionally lover. Sherlock had been known to hurt himself before during his tantrums and not notice it until later, if he ever did.
"What about the picture?" Sherlock insisted. "He was spying on Sarah Cavanaugh, exactly where we're standing now!"
"That's obvious, isn't it? There's been no demand for a ransom, no communication whatsoever that might suggest the abductor had any interest in keeping Sarah alive. All we can hope to find at this time is a body and one or more perpetrators to answer for their crime."
The doctor felt like slapping himself for having such thoughts. Really; a clan of cannibalistic mountain men living off of unsuspecting townsfolk and tourists? The rational part of his brain refused to acknowledge that such a notion could even be possible in a civilized country in the 21st century. Although, he then thought, anything resembling 'civilization' seemed even more remote in these parts than the idea of murderous hillbillies.
The skinny hunter stopped dead in his tracks and twitched when he suddenly heard movement to his right. He sniffed the air. Just as he'd thought; a rabbit. Sawtooth had forbidden him from wasting valuable shotgun slugs on small game, but there was no way Three-finger would let this little rodent pass. Instead of firing it, he spun the shotgun in his hand and swung it at the skipping rabbit like a club. His timing and aim were both perfect. One single blow was enough to crush the animal's skull, and for a moment the rabbit lay there, feet twitching, as though the body had not yet caught up with the fact that the head was pulp.
Giving the stop sign one more quick glance, she sat down, closed the door, and turned the rental car around, driving the opposite way.
“How are you faring?” Mary asked, shaking John from his thoughts. He gave a mock pout and showed her his screen.
More soft tapping of Anthea's fingernails against the surface of the tablet. "What about Doctor Watson?" she asked then.
A dull, throbbing ache pulsated in his skull. He could not remember anything after the giant had clubbed him in the head, but judging from the texture of the congealed blood which covered the entire left side of his face and hair, he had been unconscious for at least an hour, perhaps more. The good news was that he didn't believe he had sustained any fractures or brain hemorrhage; maybe a mild concussion at worst. Scalp wounds always bleed profusely. It meant nothing. The bad news was that he was trapped with no means of escape.
"John?" Mary's voice called, and the doctor could tell from the slurred nature of it that she had been drinking. Perhaps there was still a chance that he could keep her from finding out...
Relief flooded through John, quenching any disappointment he might have felt over not being on the right track. All his instincts told him that something was horribly wrong, to flee, not to keep pushing their luck by pursuing the culprits in a dense, dark forest mostly unknown to them. John was painfully aware that lives were at stake, but he had also learned to trust his instinct, as it had saved him from getting shot or blown up numerous times during his service abroad. Oh, well… if one discounted that one time he had taken a bullet to his shoulder.
Think like a cat, John's sister had once said when they were children trying to sneak a pastry from their mother's kitchen counter. Except this time he and Sherlock would not alert a stern mother but homicidal lunatics.
Mycroft recognized the scent of relatively fresh blood and meat in the early processes of decay. Part of him feared what he would find beyond that door. Flies would congregate around any available piece of rotting flesh, but they were notoriously known for following mankind even to less than hospitable regions.
The car, however, refused to cooperate. The wheels spun helplessly in the mud, failing to obtain leverage. Part of Mary realized that her panicked attempts to get the car moving were detrimental rather than helpful, but another part refused to admit defeat. Doing nothing equaled giving up, and there was no way she was going to do that. She would fight, tooth and nail, to the last breath to stay alive.
No... no, I can't... he thought in despair. I have to help... Sherlock! But his lungs were exhausted and battered and the numbing that swiftly overtook his aching body was so damned inviting.
The one-eyed creature yelped as it pulled the hand away, struggling at first, as Sherlock was determined to keep his grip. Sherlock was genuinely surprised. Either these monsters had some capacity - however small - to feel pain, or the thing above him was just incredibly annoyed.
Sherlock did not breathe as he turned over to face the shaky slab of wood separating the two men, exhaling sharply once he was in the proper position.
"That will do," he finally acquiesced, standing up slowly so as not to make himself dizzy. "I need that time to better compose myself. To think."
“Alright, I get it. I’m fucked up,” John huffed, separating from Sherlock and rolling on his side, turning his back to the younger man. Sherlock was about to return to his analogy, but he could tell John was annoyed now, even with his inability to read others’ emotions. He turned his head and watched the steady rise and fall of John's side with each breath, garnering a certain amount of amusement from the soft, doughy nature of the doctor’s flesh.
He could barely move. He moaned, initially thinking his own voice was coming from someone else. He was drugged, he realized. Was he captured? Somewhere in his memories he had images of imprisonment. Wherever he was, the place did not have the same smells of those which came with his memories.
Trying unsuccessfully to sit up, he clawed at his face with his functioning left hand, and discovered, with increasing terror, that there was a device attached to his face, filling his mouth and reaching all the way back into... Oh God. The constant hiss ought to have been telling enough. It was a breathing apparatus. He was hooked to a ventilator.
"We're not staying at the nudist resort!" John hissed at Sherlock as they were briskly walking toward the gates.
John felt a small sting when the catheter punctured his skin and a cold sensation when the fluid resuscitation, lactated Ringer's solution, most likely, entered his venous system. A moment later everything faded to black.
John's discomfort grew, and none of it could be attributed to arousal. All he could think of was Sherlock. Sherlock listening to every word of their exchange, maybe even cataloguing it for future reference. Sherlock bursting inside, once again showing his blatant disrespect of John's privacy. Sherlock's long, pale hand, fisting his cock...
While two team members automatically obeyed the order, the Latino officer - of course - vocalized his doubt.
William, barefoot and naked except for his diaper, stopped dead in his track and tugged imploringly on his brother's sleeve. "Pick me up, Mycroft," he demanded.
Sherlock was not entirely surprised at the bits of grime and dust floating in the water, but he cringed a little nonetheless, even though he likely had drunk fluids of similar quality during his drug use. He gulped the contents down greedily, trying to take as much as possible before the scrawny hunter decided to pull away.
"He's stable for now, but we don't want a repeat of this, so until your brother has come to his senses, he will be placed in restraints," Nasim announced, tight-lipped and severe.
Eager to taste the lifeless meat hauled on the patriarch's shoulder, One-Eye plucked at the open wounds, sucking the gore from his fingertips. He could barely contain his excitement; not only had they found three Outsiders to chase, but the clan had caught two of them, one to be used as a shiny new toy and the other as a meal. He did not know if Sawtooth would eventually grow tired of his plaything, or if the Outsider would stay until he could no longer scream or move, to then become a meal, but he hoped for the latter. He liked their current guest and wanted it to stay as long as possible.
"Who lives here?!" Mary suddenly exclaimed as if in disbelief of what her eyes had told her. "There are people who live here... aren't there? Actual people?"
John was not particularly worried about the boarded space between their stalls; it was sloppy work and he was confident that he could clear a large enough space for Sherlock to crawl through in no time at all. Something that did concern him was Sherlock's state of health.
John's eyes regained focus, as opposed to staring through his partner's head like Sherlock were made of glass. As he looked into Sherlock's eyes, he saw them soften.
The little boy quickly crossed the distance to his older sibling's bed and unashamedly shook the considerably larger body bundled up underneath the comforter. Mycroft emitted a long-suffering groan and turned around, slowly reaching for the nightlight. William was so… bold. At almost five, he should have picked up on the idea of boundaries and personal space by now, but he behaved every day as if such didn't exist. At least in regard to Mycroft.
Mary felt the stab of guilt while she got ready to leave, despite the sense of betrayal she still harboured. A nasty part of her mind tried to convince her that she should have seen this coming, should have noticed clues, much like Sherlock did in looking over a crime. But she had no idea John and Sherlock had even been in a relationship in the past.
Sawtooth was pleased with the development of things. He had been worried for a while after One-Eye, stupid as always, had let their second quarry escape into the woods. He'd feared that the fat little man would be clever enough to evade capture and perhaps even bring the piggies, with the flashing lights and loud, obnoxious sirens, into the heart of their den.
“Bobbi with an ‘I’,” Sherlock corrected him. “Short for Roberta. And she’ll be leading us somewhere private to discuss the case.”
Back on Baker Street, Mrs. Hudson could be counted on to keep a clean house, equipped with the patience of a saint and used to the bohemian ways of her young detective tenant, despite continuous claims that she was not his housekeeper.
"He does," John replied, feeling a little more at ease with the particular memory. "He was defensive at first, which was understandable. But I assured him it changed nothing between us."
"Sir…?" Anthea approached her employer, gently touching his sleeve and offering tacit moral support in a way that was hopefully not too obtrusive. Despite being famous for his tactics of diplomacy and proficiency in office politics, Mycroft Holmes was an emotional dwarf with the same aversion to being touched as his younger brother.
Sherlock gave a short, dry bark of laughter. "Not much in the way of mountains in England," he said. "But I think I know the kind you're referring to."
“He wanted to go find the missing woman’s car. I said no. After all, I had you waiting for me. And I’d rather be spending time with you as our vacation dictated instead of going on wild goose chases with someone who tagged along just to make me miserable.”
“Oh, there’s more to it than just how people’s breasts hang and the size of a man’s penis,” the receptionist chattered on, leaving John all the more surprised. The woman did not seem to realize she had been outright insulted.
Even though he was impressed with the fact that Sherlock had shown enough presence of mind to grab something and hide it despite the shock and pain inflicted on his person, the tool had little use as a weapon. A knife or even an awl would have been much more useful.
Sherlock's tongue instinctively went to feel the gaping hole where his missing tooth - a lateral incisor on his upper jaw - had been forcibly removed. It wasn't the first time he had lost a tooth violently; when he was eight, another boy his age or slightly older had planked him in the face and subsequently knocked out one of his teeth. Sherlock had deleted most his memories around the fight, but he remembered in detail the events that followed; Mycroft pressing a cotton compress against the cavernous hole in his mouth to stop the bleeding while simultaneously grumbling on and on about how he could be so stupid as to provoke a bigger kid and not expect anything bad to come from it.
Mycroft's bed was wide enough for two adults to sleep on separate sides, but William had no such intentions. He deftly tucked himself into the curve of Mycroft's larger body as if he belonged there and even gave a contented snuffle as he once again readied himself to sleep, hopefully without any more embarrassing, wet accidents to spoil his rest. The elder of the two reluctantly allowed it, thinking he could always extradite himself from the embrace once his baby brother had fallen asleep… perhaps, assuming he didn't give in first.
"My PA is here to handle things when I'm otherwise occupied," he replied, taking a seat on the nearest bed. "But if it involves my brother..."
Sherlock half-expected the brute to ring it. Instead the smaller mountain man was throttled against a tree, and an arrow was removed from its quiver, pressed dangerously against the smaller creature's temple. The giant muttered something, clearly a warning, and though his brood twitched and grumbled, the two stood back up on peaceful terms.
The unseen figure jumped once in excitement on the roof, and with a horrible crash, it slammed its weapon against the windshield, sending a spider web of cracks into the glass. Shielding her face instinctively behind her hands, she doubted she would be able to break loose from the car and reach the woods in time. Whatever the thing from above was wielding, it would likely stop her. Already she could imagine her skull cracking the same way the windshield had.
"Sherlock just might," John replied, and unbeknownst to himself at the time, his voice was filled with pride. "He has eidetic memory. If he's seen a place once, he can remember it in perfect detail."
Now that Sherlock had taken the pill, his assistant was feeling a little more at ease with the situation. Knowing the true reason for Sherlock’s drug use - and possibly also much of his behavior and personality - gave him an odd sense of comfort. Had Sherlock been simply using antipsychotics for whatever unknown, bizarre reason other than true medication, John would have been deeply shocked, even for someone as unconventional and curious as Sherlock. That being said, he should have remembered that even the great Sherlock Holmes had limits.
He was Mycroft Holmes, and there was no stopping him when national security or the safety of his little brother were at stake.
"This is my assistant, John Watson," Sherlock replied. "He'll be joining us for the interview. That's fine with you, I presume?"
Finally he slowly removed his arms from the hold and put his hands forward, the one restrained by a cast stiffly zig-zagging and twirling over an open palm: the miming of written words. Mycroft doubted just how well his brother could write at the moment, but Sherlock was eager to communicate more than just a yes or no.
The doctor eyed through the chart attached to the footboard of Sherlock's bed - likely his sedation and anesthesia journal - and quickly turned his attention back to Mycroft.
Sherlock's breath was currently a bigger issue. Barely there in the first place, it was becoming increasingly laboured. The elder Holmes realized something was obstructing his brother's airways and quickly inspected the confines of Sherlock's oral cavity with his finger, only to discover that the younger man's mouth was filled with dirt.
Then another noise arose, though it came from the yard from which both hunter and hunted had run. One of the other criminals was barking out some unintelligible command, and the large brute turned, whining once more. Hesitating for only a moment, he lumbered off toward the voice, obviously obeying the call to return home.
"Are you still angry with me?" John asked cautiously, knowing that Sherlock's rage was much like a bubbling volcano, ready to erupt at any given time.
His prey's fear aroused the giant mountain man. It never took much to break an Outsider's resolve. If all else failed, the following would do the trick every single time. Sawtooth leered, exposing his row of misshapen teeth, and lifted his victim off of the hook which kept him upright.
Then a hand, not Mycroft's, not even Moran's or his father's, grabbed Sherlock by the chin and pointed his face upward. In the dim light - morning, the detective thought - he saw a hateful grin, all inflamed gums and missing teeth.
"Sad, isn't it, John, when your woman is more sensible than you," Sherlock said with a snort. "What did you expect? We're out on the sticks. You won't find a Michelin star restaurant around here."
“In case an emergency of some sort happens,” the doctor hissed through his teeth. He was beginning to think punching Sherlock would be worth the possible subsequent arrest by police for assault. Instead, he turned back to Mary. “Perhaps it’s better if we rent a car.”
The brute was getting agitated now, frustrated that he could not find his quarry. He whined like a dog as he looked around and rushed forward as though he might flush out his prey through surprise, as if John were a bird. The doctor's hands blindly sought purchase on a large stone by his feet, hoping perhaps if he were to be found, he could use it to bludgeon his assailant. His heart nearly stopped when lifting the stone set loose several smaller pebbles, which audibly rolled away.
