"Well, we lay on the floor and watched a video about inchworms," Hamish confessed and John laughed out loud. "But all great acts start somewhere."
“Me and Harry’s room,” Joan said, pushing in the only door inside the apartment. “Well, just mine now but Harry’s whenever she comes back.”
“Victor wants to meet you,” he tells John as they sit in the back of the cab, wrapped in each other. “I invited him over for tea later.”
John grabbed him, holding on tight enough to leave bruises but he profoundly didn’t care. “I’m not leaving you,” he growled. “Do you understand me?”
“John,” he confessed, his voice a pitch lower, “I must say honestly I’ve never been to a waterpark.”
John laughed, relaxing back, and soon enough Kitty, a G221 counselor, came to relieve him. He stretched, yawning comically, and walked back to his tent. The counselor tents were placed just close enough to their kids’ tents that they could hear if there was any trouble, but far enough away that they could snore in peace and get away with it. It was practically a mini-vacation, the privacy of the one-person pup tent, and John relished in it, climbing into his sleeping bag.
Sherlock hooked one ankle behind the swell of Joan’s back and pushed up into the feeling, Joan positively encouraging her with her blunt nails firm against the back of Sherlock’s thighs and then suddenly Sherlock was cresting, hovering on the edge of something she could only express in quick, sharp moans that bit their way out of her mouth without conscious thought before finally, utterly splintering apart. She nearly cut through her tongue to keep from screaming out loud and Joan stayed down through it all, helping her twist and undulate through one and then a second, mouthing encouragingly at her folds when Sherlock’s thighs tightened around her head.
“God, I missed you so much,” John moaned against Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock could have died, right then and there.
Quickly, the burners were shut off and the needle was taken off the record as everyone flocked around the couch to where they could see the TV. Someone had raised the volume just in time to catch the newscaster begin to say “-from just outside the Supreme Court, where the nine justices have reached a final decision in the landmark case of Roe v. Wade. For those just tuning in, plaintiff Jane Roe has challenged the State of Texas’s ban against abortion, claiming it is unconstitutional. It has been a nearly three-year long battle in the Supreme Court where a decision could affect state bans against abortion across the country-“
John ran a hand through his hair, let himself have one more look at Sherlock naked and silken across his bed, and then shuffled off to have a very cold shower.
That was also the year John starting dating Julia Mathers. They went to the cinema together and he held her hand and she let him kiss her two blocks from her house one night after he walked her home. If she had short, curly black hair and gray eyes, who was say that meant anything?
The meeting wrapped up close to six, with Joan wiping down the blackboard and yelling “Remember, Monday after school, meet on the front steps and we’ll take the train together,” and then Sherlock took over so Joan could hold a short pow-wow with Kelsie and Marcie.
John felt a twinge of longing for his days back in the army, undergoing abduction training. Who would have thought his professional drill sergeants would have nothing on a six-year-old.
“I am the paradigm of seriousness,” Sherlock droned, walking into his room. Mycroft followed without asking and closed the door.
Ignoring the statement, Sherlock trekked upstairs into the kitchen. “Let’s feed you supper,” he announced, opening the fridge to pull out a container of leftover lo-mien. He dumped it in a ceramic bowl and shoved it in the microwave before turning back to his son.
“I am,” John tells him, smiling, and they kiss, right in the graveyard. Sherlock thinks it would’ve made her smile.
John shook his head, as though the idea of anyone not partaking in such a necessary ritual was insane.
John couldn’t help looking at the man, still a kid really of only 22, with a mix of sympathy and worry.
“Sorry, right,” he said flustered and took John back in, that tiny pink mouth stretched out so sinfully just for him and the image alone drove John to the edge.
“She leans in a lot,” Hamish said forthcomingly. That did seem like something a boy might notice. “And she touches me a lot too- on the arm and thigh and yeah,” he blushed. Sherlock wasn’t sure why.
“I don’t understand why it upsets you, but I will stop,” Sherlock said, breaking John out of his reverie and the doctor could cry with relief.
John ended up on the floor of a canoe as it drifted out, Sherlock sitting on one of the benches. John was quiet as Sherlock steepled his fingers and thought but when Sherlock glanced down at him, John would smile and Sherlock would smile back as though his heart wasn’t breaking.
“Papa’s coming home later, Hamish,” he explained faintly, feeling slightly weak himself. “He’s in the hospital now. He’ll be home later.”
“Sherlock,” John warned, looking up at the boy already flushed and sweating. “This is going to hurt.”
“Um, Carl. And Harris, “John tries to recall, but he’s been home for a year, it’s slipping. “Maybe Dane, he was always hanging around with us for pity’s sake at least.”
“I wanna hear,” Harry asked, also noticing Mycroft’s change of face and he shot her a murderous glare.
Hamish listened to twenty seconds of shuffling and two muffled moans and then his Da was on the phone. “Hamish, I am an idiot,” Sherlock panted. “But we’ll be there. We just need to-“
“Well spotted; one would say you ought to be a detective,” she drawled, washing her hands in the sink before setting to braid her hair. Mycroft extended a hand and wordlessly, Sherlock leaned her head back. After all, he’s always been better at this than her.
Sherlock came to lunch against her better instincts, knowing it was the only way to stop yet another two weeks of Joan stalking her. Better they talk about it, as Joan would most definitely want, so they could both move on and go back to not knowing the other one existed.
“You’re welcome to sleep over,” Joan said some time later. They’d migrated to the overstuffed couch, both of them resting against opposite armrests with their legs tangled between them, and Sherlock realized with a start it was almost midnight.
Dressed in swimsuits, cuts properly bandaged, and sunscreen liberally applied, the boys headed out to arts and crafts where they made coffee mugs and then headed down, running and hollering, to the lake.
“Suit yourself,” he huffed and then turned around, not even bothering to look if Sherlock was following. “Let’s go then.
“Yeah fuck, just like that,” Joan whispered, bending back down to take Sherlock’s mouth in her own, kiss her until they were both starving for it. “Exactly like that, so-so heavy, oh my god, Sherlock.”
“Because you cheated, Sherlock!” John’s furious now, and Sherlock can’t help how happy that makes him. “I didn’t.”
“Do you hate your kids?” Sherlock asked him as soon as his head cleared the top of the slide. He was the very picture of casual, sitting back against the wall of the slide, legs crossed beneath him, and John could vividly remember what that hair felt like between his fingers.
“I was horrified, of course,” Cynthia added. “Mind you, I’d thought I’d gotten off all the baby weight from Harry. And here a little boy was calling me fat!”
Do you remember that time we drove out to the mountains and you had me teach you the names of the stars? You promised me you’d never delete that. Have you?
Sherlock followed him, his wrist warm in John’s grasp, and he couldn’t prove anything but he was sure he saw Harry wink at him before John had whisked him out of the dining hall and outside to the garage.
“So dedicated, ordinary people,” Jim laughed, taking a drag on one of the cigarette he nicked from Sherlock’s pocket. “It’s adorable.”
Lestrade was openly staring now, puzzling out who Mycroft was talking to. He made his next line clear as a precaution. “Yes well, there’s been a bit of an incident. Hamish has told you what his parents do?”
“You’ll like it, trust me,” she said, grabbing the two glasses and handing one to Joan before offering the other to Sherlock, who shook her head and held up her still half-full vodka cranberry. The woman shrugged and took a sip of the drink herself. “I’m Mary. What’s your name?”
His fathers followed him into Mycroft’s office where his uncle was sat behind his large, ornate desk. He put on a curious expression as his nephew waltzed in and raised one, singular eyebrow.
“This is a very serious question,” he validated and the toddler preened. “I will construct an answer for you that will assuage your fears. But until then, you do not have to go swimming.”
John understood immediately. “I guess you’re really smart,” he said gently, trying not to stare. Sherlock might have been the poshest person in all of Camp Baker. “I mean,” he corrected himself, “I know you’re smart. You see everything.”
“No-“ John called while simultaneously Sherlock and Hamish stood and yelled “Wait!” But it was too late and Laurel was staring into the fridge that was unfortunately staring back in the form of five eyeballs in a jar, along with the assorted body parts.
"The best," he nodded and then, with a clap of his hands, he was turning around to grin manically at his family, eyes alight with brand new plans.
“So the condoms…and the lube…and the bloody test results,” John pieced it together out loud as Sherlock set down her violin gently, “that was you propositioning me.”
“Everyone’s gonna know we kissed, aren’t they?” she scowled, not really mad, and Hamish kissed her forehead.
“Yeah, in my bag, why-“ John started and then it all suddenly connected in his slightly above-average brain and all the air left his lungs.  “No,” he protested breathlessly, Sherlock’s fingers just a strip of fabric away from his perineum. “No Sherlock, not here-“
“The man works for our government, he is not easily scandalized,” Sherlock notes but he gets undressed anyway, laughing into John’s mouth.
She was just dabbing at it in the mirror when there was a rustle behind her from one of the showers and suddenly a voice said, “Shit, what happened to your face?”
Sherlock didn’t press; she’d figure it out herself in a matter of days and they’d reached her apartment anyway. “I’ll just be a minute,” she said, rooting around in her bag for her key.
“Dad, Pa, thank you so much for making time for this,” he appreciated and John smiled back effortlessly, easy love radiating off of him.
“Expect her to be quiet tonight,” Amelia murmured to John and Sherlock as Hamish chattered to Chloe about all the different sweeties in the machine downstairs. “The session was hard but she handled it very well. Maybe just stay in and coddle her. You have my number if you need me.”
Both men leaned in closer to take a look at the offered drawing. “These figures are clearly you two,” she motioned, pointing to stick figures standing in a field of pink and red flowers, “and there’s Hamish in the middle-“
Sherlock did come for Christmas lunch and, after much coaxing, Hamish agreed to sit on his lap, back warm against Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock had never held a child before, and it felt fitting that the first should be John's, born innocent and gay and perfectly heartless.
When Sherlock had left the flat, Hamish had been scratching out “Hall of the Mountain King” on Trudy. He despised how Hamish’s tutor gave the boy such pedestrian pieces to practice. Worst, John seemed to think this was “normal.”
And there it was, on the TV, a man lost in the folds of a white marshmallow of a suit but still very much a man, stepping foot on the surface of the moon. She remembered the first moon landing, now three years ago and oh god was it possible to have such different nights.
John laughed and then looked at Sherlock, freezing. “You’re serious,” he said in shock, eyes widening.
“For god’s sake!” Sally cried out, throwing her hands into her hair. “Sir, you cannot be agreeing to this. You know Holmes, he’ll end up grilling her for hours-“
“You’re such a good boy,” John praised and Hamish flushed, tilting his head up for the kiss he knew was coming. John didn’t disappoint. “The best boy,” he grinned, kissing Hamish’s cheeks soundly.
“Papa!” he welcomed them, kissing his father soundly. “You said you were gonna be gone three days; it was only a day and a half!”
petting slave,” John teased back but he leaned in to kiss the younger boy for a minute, tongues dueling, hands digging into flesh and hair, tugging and leaving marks.
“I’ll tell her when I get back to London,” he brushed off, only half-joking. “For the rest of these two weeks, I am yours and yours alone.”
Sherlock had absolutely no desire to do any such thing. Weed wasn’t a new thing; it had always been available back at her private boarding school. It just had a distinct
John was on the couch in the den and Sherlock sat perched in an armchair, fingers steepled under his chin.
“You can sleep here if you want,” he reminded Sherlock. They’d slept in the same bed many times the previous summer but Sherlock had been more reserved since John had gotten here, re-testing the waters almost.
Someone pushed at her as she shouldered her way inside and she didn’t turn around to see who it was. It didn’t matter. Barely anyone in the school knew who she was and those who did didn’t like her very much. All she needed right now was just to put some books in a locker, grab her schedule from the office and get the hell out of these hallways.
“Two, max,” she guesses as they roll inside, the hallway unnaturally dark compared to the bright landing ground.
Hey loves, I did warn you about the delay. Now, I don't wanna any complaints- I'm posting this in a hotel on holiday. Feel my love for you guys.
“Sure,” she said, aiming for casual and unaffected and just missing the mark. “Don’t see why not. As long as we get a shot at the chem lab afterwards.”
This time he’s waiting for him in the airport, and when he sees that familiar mop, now practically sun-stained white, it’s only seconds before they’re in each other’s arms, John still in fatigues, and he smells like sand and carpet when Sherlock rests his head against John’s shoulder.
“Piss off,” John laughed back and that had closed the book on any chance John’s snowball might have had in hell.
“Remember, it’s a very delicate operation,” he cautioned, calling up the recipe from memory. “No jumping about while it’s cooking or you’ll end up with chocolate soup. Now go get eggs and a lemon. And see if I have bittersweet chocolate.”
“Don’t touch it!” Hamish shrieked and John lifted his hands compliantly. “We need to dust for it. Partner, do you have-“
John laughed. “Name it what you like. But it’s getting a name,” he insisted, walking up to one of the vendors and ordering.
“Satisfied?” Sherlock said and John knew it was meant to be sarcastic and cutting but it came out weak and trembling and John lost it as he wrapped Sherlock in his arms and let his head hit the younger boy’s shoulder.
Sherlock was going to kill his brother. He wasn’t exactly sure why; after all Mycroft had only done what he’d wanted to do at Hamish’s first Christmas. But he was positive the git deserved to be murdered anyway.
John drove well, steady and determined. He never took his eyes off the road, except to give Sherlock a quick look that sent Sherlock’s heart into palpitations. This infatuation needed to end, the sooner the better. It was positively ruining Sherlock’s life.
Sherlock gasped as John bit his lower lip, worrying away at it a moment before capturing his mouth again, tongue darting in to reclaim lost territory. John pulled Sherlock’s tongue into his own mouth, sucking on it gently and Sherlock moaned embarrassingly loud, realizing suddenly the bedroom door was still open.
“It’s my devilish good looks,” he excused and then headed out of the bathroom to tell the boys a story.
“Please tell me that is not human intestine,” the sixteen-year-old begged and Sherlock nodded proudly.
“Sherlock,” John started and then stopped, taking a breath. “Sherlock,” he tried again and Sherlock looked at him full on, unflicnhing. “I will never leave you, you know that.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to read it but um-“ John was suddenly aware of just of awkward it was to know your flatmate’s sexual viability. Especially when at least one of you still believed all feelings between both parties were platonic. “You left your test results on the table.”
Hamish nodded, understanding in some small part just what trust was being placed in him. Children often don’t realize when someone has handed them their heart, Hamish no exception, but he knew he was standing on fragile ground. “Thank you for treating me like an adult,” he responded, because he did appreciate that, and Sherlock looked relieved.
“Is the chicken okay, Laurel?” John checked politely and Laurel nodded back. Somehow she’d been seated nearest to the fridge and so no one was properly prepared to intercede when she stood and said,
“Yeah,” he laughed, offering her his can and she took it gratefully, drinking. That was another wonderful thing about camp. No one gave a flying fig about germs. “They’re great kids.”
It didn’t feel like a miracle. It felt like someone had snatched from his hands the only career he’d ever trained for. And wasn’t that just bloody Sherlock, keeping him alive when most nights he wished he hadn’t been wearing his thimble at all.
Hamish followed her back on the train and then Chloe took him for ice cream, the two of them holding hands as they walked around outside.
John fell into an uneasy sleep that night. The image of Sherlock’s eyes as he’d confronted him made him sick. He’d never seen someone look so vulnerable in his life. Especially not Sherlock, the boy was near unflappable. He put up walls like people changed clothes, effortlessly and constantly. But outside the cinema, he’d looked so perfectly broken-hearted and betrayed it made John physically ill. And it had been his fault.
“Thanks,” he muttered awkwardly and then left. Sherlock waited until he heard the shower running before settling back in his chair with a sigh. He had no idea why John made such a fuss about it; parenting was ridiculously simple.
That shouldn’t have been the least bit romantic and yet Sherlock found it warmed him a bit. He really was all cross-wired.
“It’ll be fine. I’ll stay with you the whole time, promise,” she vowed and Sherlock found herself nodding as Joan pulled her outside to where a gaggle of girls in leather and jean were waiting. Marcie snubbed out her cigarette and pulled Sherlock into a rough, one-armed hug.
Hamish paused before speaking. “It’s just so lonely in my room, without her,” he confessed, voice faint. “You both have each other but I’m all by myself-“
“Um, can I go down?” James asked him timidly and Sherlock snapped back to reality, turning back to James with a nod.
He crept along to the Dining Hall, recognizing just how very ridiculous this all was, before ducking behind it.
Then she missed her period. And the one after that. That wasn’t what tipped her off, she was taking a mixture of heroin and ketamine that made the days blend together. Her father had loved her like that, wiry and willing to fight back so it felt like a victory when he took her. When the morning sickness started, Sherlock assumed it was her seven-percent solution acting up, so she tried to play with the measurements but she kept getting sicker, and bloated, and dizzy.
“I think I’d like that very much,” Sherlock whispered and John smiled at him, melting his heart, sending the fragments jittering across his skin.
He probably would have kissed him, right then and there and damned the consequences, if the teen hadn’t said, “You needed something, right?”
“I completely understand,” Sherlock promised and Hamish practically beamed at him. “Your father once bought me a book on the subject. It was fairly ridiculous with animals substituting humans in some complex analogy but it cleared a lot of things up.”
He helped John settle on the floor and propped the pillow against the bed and John’s back, cushioning him. After a moment, John’s eyes fluttered open and Sherlock suddenly understood what the bloody poets he’d been forced to read at school meant when they talked about swimming in someone’s eyes- he knew they’d be warm and soft like velvet.
An idea hit John suddenly through his sex-ladled brain and he pulled Sherlock off. Both teens moaned at the loss of contact but then John was pulling Sherlock’s trousers and pants off and his hand wrapped around both their cocks.
Except, what was she going to do at home? Burn more matchboxes? Cook more pasta like the good housewife she was slowly becoming? The meeting could, at the very least, make for interesting people watching. If nothing else, it was a half-decent distraction from her own descent into madness. So, with a final slam of her locker, she made her way up to the fourth floor.
“We’ll be fine,” she hissed, “if you stop talking and don’t get us caught. Now come on, they keep forgetting to fix this part of the fence.”
He doesn’t see the sniper. He doesn’t see him and that should make him feel like a failure of a soldier, but he’s too busy bleeding out on the Afghan sand.
“I wanted you so much, it hurt,” he said and John squeezed his hand, “like a rope twisting inside of me. And when we finally kissed-“
The idea of the incredibly brilliant and easily bored teen sitting through a whole film with John in the dilapidated cinema that occupied the small town near the camp made John want to laugh. But Sherlock’s next words knocked the very breath out of him.
“Yeah, okay,” Sherlock says and it sits bitterly in his mouth. He has never hated himself as passionately as he does now.
Sherlock's hands were on his hips drawing the same patterns John could draw in his sleep, could see in his dreams. Sherlock's teeth were grazing the skin on his neck, and he couldn't help but let out a small moan.
“I may have reconsidered my position on that particular issue,” Sherlock said, running a hand through her hair and Joan only watched her in amazement and, yes, no small amount of lust.
“Mr. Fitzpatrick wasn’t stuffed, he was knit,” she protested and Joan just laughed again, that laugh that Sherlock knew wasn’t at her or about her but
“You taught them to me,” Sherlock said, like that was the most obvious thing in the world, and John’s face lit up like sunlight.
John understood immediately because he’d been Sherlock’s best friend for seven years and they knew each other blind. “Yeah,” he admitted. “But normal’s boring, right?”
“Peter?” he called out from his hospital bed but Sherlock refused to come closer, standing by the window as though afraid John might hurt him. John flipped on the lamp by his bed and he could have sworn the genius gasped at the lines on his face and the hard set of his eyes.
“We were in an envoy out of Ghazni. I wasn’t even supposed to be there, but one of the guys got sick and they asked me to come- hell. It was supposed to be a simple retrieve and return.”
“How’d you get your scar?” he tried instead and John smiled at him. John’s smile could stop angels, could re-write history.
“No no no, he’s Papa. That’s my Daddy,” Hamish explained, pointing to still-catatonic Sherlock on the floor. “Papa, why does Daddy look like that dead guy you showeded me once who was hit in the head with a fruit bat?”
“Sherlock!” John yells as he tries to ignore the utterly crippling pain that shoots through him from his balls as he’s suddenly cut off seconds before orgasm. “Where the hell are you going?”
He doesn’t know what he feels when he looks at Victor. If he never met John, he would call it attraction. The boy moves in carefully calculated steps, graceful to the point of an art. He’s like Sherlock, not as brilliant but just as sharp, just as cutting.
This was all very new information to Hamish. “Spy?” he puzzled, out of his depths. At that moment, Anthea bustled in with a tea tray.
Ronda didn’t wait for her to finish before punching her square in the jaw. Sherlock leaped forward to fight back before finding her arms caught by Ronda’s friends who smashed her head against the sink. She felt her skin split open, the blood clouding her eyes, and then heard one of the girls, Barbra or something, whisper “oh shit.”
“What’s going on?” John asked stupidly, watching Sherlock lock the shed door from the inside and turn around. His eyes locked on John like a lion stalking a zebra, and he stalked John further back into the shed.
“They should be grateful. I could save their lives with this experiment,” Sherlock shrugged, going back to his tubes.
Sherlock paced, wearing a small hole in the carpet in front of the connecting door, before finally striding in. John never locked it and there he sat, his tee-shirt sticking to his damp skin from the shower, his nose deep in his book.
“Sherlock,” he says softly, just a breath of air in the night silence. “When I’m gone, do you ever wish- do you ever want to… with someone else-“
Hamish nodded. “Yep. He wasn’t upset about the chemistry,” he clarified, anticipating his father’s next question. He walked a little father before turning back, unable to resist. “He was more upset that I was keeping Drama.”
It was clear Hamish was lost, but he complied in taciturnity. “What are you doing Sunday?” Sherlock asked conversationally.
“Daddy!” the small boy cried, squeezing the blood out of Sherlock’s legs. “I didn’t even hear you come home on account of how I was super sorbed in my project and also you can be quiet as a Mycroft.”
“Go get your sick son syrup from the cupboard above the bathroom sink before I hit you,” John repeated, arranging Hamish so his head rested on John’s shoulder and his arms tightened around his father’s neck instinctively.
“Shut up,” she laughed, pushing him, and John whistled for the B221 boys to come down and gather around the pathetic fire to attempt burger grilling.  They manage to cook it enough to avoid food poisoning and that’s all anyone can ask from campfire food, really.
“I’m sorry, is this your first year?” he asked and the boy turned around, surprised. “It’s just, I’ve never seen you before and I worked here last year.”
Sherlock had said, for lack of anything large enough to say that could hold all of the pieces of what she was feeling, what she felt every time she looked at Joan and thought
“We could eat something,” John suggested and Sherlock swung up, a wicked grin spreading across his face and John flushed.
“John, good to see you,” the boy- Mike- yelled over the music. He turned and eyed Sherlock. “Who’s this?”
They didn’t have any flour, so John ran down to Mrs. Hudson’s to borrow some. He left Hamish at the kitchen table with a strict promise not to bother Daddy. He was only down for ten minutes or so, but as he climbed back up the stairs to the flat, he paused in the doorway to the living room, a soft smile flitting across his face.
“Killed by her fiancé. Don’t worry, I’ll text Lestrade,” Sherlock said and then went back to attacking John’s neck.
One day, Sherlock called him Wendy Darling. They were sitting on the swings in the park two blocks from school. Now they were older and recess was mostly spent avoiding the bigger boys who liked to rough them up, and so they came here after school for a few stolen moments alone. John didn’t like being home any more than he could help it and he knew Sherlock felt the same.
“What?” John asked a bit stupidly as Sherlock’s eyes traveled down his body, taking in his shirtlessness, his tan, and the general
"I think I'll get Pa to make him say yes," Hamish strategized. "If my A-levels are good it could be a reward, you know?"
“Only like one of the founders of NYRF,” Joan said and now she was the one who was vibrating. “And she wrote
“Hush,” John laughed into Sherlock’s open mouth, peeling him apart with his tongue, Sherlock raising his head to meet John’s lips, stealing kisses where he could. “They’ll hear you.”
“Jesus, Sherlock,” John cried, cutting him off. “We are not having another child just because Hamish asked for one!”
in the background?” and curse her, he should never have hired someone this smart. What on Earth had he been thinking?
Sherlock was cut off by John’s lips on his, hard and insistent and Sherlock opened his lips to the sweep on John’s tongue and his hands came up to rest in John’s hair, pulling out groans with the twist of his fingers.
“What do you assholes want?” Joan bit off and Sherlock froze, nervous she’d done something before realizing this was a joke, they were all joking. This was friendship then.
“You told the police about me, Sherly,” Jim said, turning his head to better gaze at Sherlock. “I had to get the police off my case. Do you have any idea how
John grinned though. “Love rafting,” he confessed and mike smiled back. “The boys will be thrilled.”
The run to the lake was so heartbreakingly engraved in the soles of their feet it took them only minutes, crashing down on the very spot John had first asked Sherlock to the party that had started it all. They were on the ground only seconds before John rolled on top of Sherlock, straddling him tightly between his thighs.
“He’s given you an opportunity,” she said calmly, as though she wasn’t upsetting the very foundation of his world. “A chance to move on and find love. Take it.”
As they drove along the highway, lamplights granting them faint glimpses of each other’s faces, John turned to Sherlock.
Was it Roger Jefferson’s death? No, heart attack- simple enough. Georgia Palmer? No, obituary said it was illness but it was clearly domestic abuse- still, boring. Obvious. Was it Nina Gonzales? Suicide, leapt off a roof in the Bronx but there was zoning in that area- nothing built above four floors. Four floors are enough to kill, yes, but just barely- was that bothering her-
“Obviously,” his Daddy promised and Hamish smiled to himself in his half-asleep state. He could feel them getting into a cab as he drifted off, his Papa’s hand in his hair and then someone whispered,
“Excellent, I was just about to send another letter, I figured out the Crepsly case. Save myself a stamp,” he said cheerfully but the inspector didn’t smile back.
“Good,” he announced, standing. “And if you’d like, I’ll start packing you two pudding cups from now on.”
“This is Captain Sarah Sawyer, of The Lancashire Fusiliers. She’ll be assisting you after Captain Harrows reassignment,” he tells him and John puts down his sutures to shake her hand.
beautiful, you know,” he praised, rubbing against Sherlock at just the right angle that had the younger boy arching up for more contact.
“Up you go,” he ordered, helping Sherlock on the stairs and into his bedroom. Sherlock could feel John’s hands working on his jeans and then his shirt before he was in his pants and being led into bed, John’s hand gentle in his.
Beneath him, Sherlock was looking mutinous. “Oh yes! I have a really ‘portant question and I woulda asked Uncle Mycroft only he couldn’t answer on account of how he’s having a meeting with a really nice man named David Camcorder I think but he told me I could just call him David and they’re in the study and I'm not ‘posed to bother them so I had to call you and you said I could call you if I needed to and-“
Sherlock was desperate. Two days had passed since he’d thrown over John’s offer and here he was, lying in bed, fingers working franticly at his temple, humming all sorts of nonsense, desperately trying to-
“You’re absurd,” Joan giggled, stepping out of the shower and walking over to get her towel. Sherlock pointedly stared at the matted floor. “We’d be lucky to have you. Now just give me a second to get dressed and then we can go to the park and do that thing with the dandelions you’ve been pestering me to do with you.”
“John, you’re scaring me,” Sherlock whimpered and then John’s knee came up to nestle between Sherlock’s legs and Sherlock was profoundly
Holding the gun with one hand, Hamish fished in his pocket for his mobile and dialed his honourary uncle. It rang a few times before Lestrade finally picked up.
“Sherlock, you need to be careful,” Mycroft said softly, sitting down on the edge of the bed. Sherlock didn’t want him touching his stuff, fat, oily, bloody git-
“Harry was supposed to help take care of you,” Sherlock said before realizing perhaps it was one of those things people didn’t like being reminded of. But Joan only gave a small nod, still not quite meeting her eye.
“It’ll be closed soon, let’s go,” she prompted and Sherlock rushed over to pull her boots on, holding Joan’s hand for support. “You mind telling me again what we’re looking for? Not sure I really got it the first time.”
“Yeah, but he’s your first, right?” Victor asks, fingers drawing patterns on Sherlock’s ankle. “Your first everything?”
He’d been thinking about it since the opera. Obsessing over it really. John never pushed and it was driving Sherlock mental just how
friends John. Never have. And you- I don’t know if we’re friends or if you just tolerate me but I’m okay with that, I’m okay with
“These are so bad for you,” she scolded, and Mary grabbed her hand as they headed down the street towards Joan’s apartment. “You expect me to kiss you when your mouth tastes like an ashtray?”
“Well it’s big, which means the people that live there are probably rich,” he decided and Sherlock nodded.
“Sure,” John smiled at him but stopped at the look on Sherlock’s face. He sat silent as they rowed back and tied the boat at the dock and didn’t touch Sherlock as they walked back to the house and up into Sherlock’s room.
By the sixth house, Hamish’s voice was wavering and slowing in between sentences. “Um so that house was blue so maybe they really like that color…yawn…and um there was a porch so maybe the mummy likes to make lemonade and let the daddy drink on the porch while they watch the- yawn- sunset.”
“Looks like John-the-Bear had an adventure,” John tried a joke and Sherlock spared him a small smile.
They had been married long enough for Sherlock to understand perfectly, standing up and following his husband to the bedroom.
He smiled at the emerging memory. "Yesterday, as we were getting dressed to go out, she smiled at me. Not a gassy smile or a just burped smile- a real smile! How can I miss that, Pa? How can I give that to a babysitter?"
In April, when they had been together for four and a half months and it had become clear that Joan was never going to ask for it, was content to live her whole life just making out with Sherlock on the couch and holding hands under the lunch table, Sherlock finally brought it up.
“I always was good at making you do stupid stuff,” Hamish grinned wickedly, starting his corn. “You remember that time we went to Uncle Mycroft’s house and I dared you to slide down the bannister?”
“Okay,” Mrs. Emily accepted. “But then he drew this woman in a doghouse here in the corner and explained that she was his aunt?”
Sherlock rides out John’s orgasm until he comes inside him, sobbing and letting John’s name tumble from his lips. A prayer, of sorts. The only prayer he’s ever believed him.
“He does experiments with me out of school,” Sherlock said from his armchair, sounding offended despite not bothering to look up from John’s medical journal.
Sally had the decency to blush, up to the roots of her hair. “I didn’t mean it badly you know,” she offered, looking down. “I was just worried about you.”
The mad genius stepped back, for the first time realizing his mistake. “Sherlock, who and what are you?”
“Shirt off,” Sherlock said, before she remembered she hadn’t worn a bra that day. But they’d covered her feelings around her breasts, hadn’t they, and it wasn’t as if Sherlock was shy about nudity, only about touch, so before Joan could do it, Sherlock reached down and tugged her shirt over her head, her head popping through the other side of the fabric in time to watch Joan clench her hand on her own thigh, staring at Sherlock in wonderment.
“You know your grandparents,” Mycroft started and Hamish nodded gravely. “Well when your grandmother was still teaching, they weren’t home very often. We lived rather out in the middle of nowhere and your father was so much younger than me, I had to find ways to amuse myself. So I took up baking. I reasoned that if I loved consuming baked goods so much, I might enjoy making them.”
“Get changed,” he ordered and John stood there awkwardly, unsure of where to go. “Oh for goodness sakes, it’s nothing I haven’t seen before,” Sherlock reminded him and, true as that was, John felt reluctant to simply strip in front of the other teen.
“She was going to poison you,” Hamish imputed. “Just like she poisoned Mr. Humperdink. The poison is in her pocket, Pa- I mean, my partner.”
“Don’t they have cameras?” Joan worried, biting at her thumb but following Sherlock’s instructions to a T. She was the type, Sherlock figured, to backtalk while still following all the rules.
“No bloody way-sorry,” Hamish pulled back. “I’d rather get kidnapped every so often than have to watch Da go mental.”
“Yes, about that,” Sherlock leaned forward. This was the moment. “You see Hamish, Father Christmas cannot bring you a baby brother because he is not real. Papa and I buy your presents, and we are not ready for a second child right now.”
“What’s-“ John tired but Sherlock silenced him with a hand over his mouth. The noise from onshore got louder and John realized it was a patrol, checking for any idiots who fancied a late-night dip.
“Let’s go, hands behind your back,” Bossman ordered. “Chris, go get me something to gag him with, fucking Holmeses.”
“You-“ she started but didn’t need to finish because she watched those blue eyes change as Joan got it, became aware of what was blazing out of every pore of her being- what she should have realized she couldn’t have hoped to hide from Sherlock for very long at all.
“You’re a right wanker, you know that?” John laughed, pulling on a pair of trousers from yesterday after an investigatory sniff.
“Joan?” she asked and the blonde hummed to indicate she was paying attention. “What’s a submarine race?”
Your house, twenty minutes. I’m bringing alcohol. There may or may not be James Bond films involved.
“What are we looking for again?” Joan asked, thankfully moving on as she grabbed the pile of papers Sherlock dropped in her arms.
“Oh for Christ’s sake,” Sherlock finally gave up as John’s fingers flicked against his nipples for the fifth time. He moved over to straddle John’s lap, pulling him closer and rubbing together as they kissed, prompting moans from both boys.
“Because my older brother grew up and now he’s stupid,” Sherlock told him and John nodded again. Harry had grown up and had stopped playing with him too. She said toys were stupid. He never wanted to get so old that toys became stupid.
“Heard that scientist was a bit of a bastard,” Sherlock tried to say but it came out breathless as John’s crotch rubbed against his and
Harry had a rope burn on his leg and a cut that started bleeding slowly as they left the water. Sherlock helped him up, an arm around his waist, and bent down.
But mostly John never wanted to grow up because from what he’d seen of adulthood, it was rather awful and full of yelling and cursing and broken things.
“Don’t pretend like you don’t know, you’re brilliant,” John said, his eyes never leaving the younger boy. It was disconcerting, this much eye contact. Normally it was Sherlock inflicting a thick gaze and someone else squirming beneath it.
“Are you suggesting we swim in questionable water, utterly naked?” Sherlock choked out as John’s thin fingers pulled his belt out from its loops.
“Jesus Christ,” John startled from the jolt of both pain and pleasure and with a bang Sherlock slid off John’s lap and onto the bathtub floor, hitting it hard.
When he was suitably clean, Violet led her grandson to the living room and sat him down on the sofa while she reached for a leather album. “Did you know that when your father was your age, he and your Uncle lived all alone up here?”
Hamish gave in and the waitress smirked at them. “If that’s all,” she started and, at Hamish’s nod, retreated.
"Perfectly fine, minus the fractured wrist," Patrick said. "He still calls his injuries perfectly, your husband. And is this Annie?" he beamed, peering behind Sherlock to where Hamish still sat, a bit shell-shocked, bouncing his daughter.
“First one dressed doesn’t have to do their chore tonight,” he offered, smiling, and fourteen kids jumped like demons from their beds, running to the too-small bathroom in the back of B221.
“Sherlock, I’m not leaving my sister’s wedding early just to have you shag me,” he protests firmly, even as he bends down to nip quickly at Sherlock’s neck.
“Don’t ever think you’re the dominate one here,” John groaned open mouthed against him as his cock came up to rub against Sherlock’s, shooting waves of pleasure through the younger boy’s body. “Tell me, who do you belong to?”
“That’s a word,” John smiled and pulled on his shirt, another hand-me-down tee that fell awkwardly around his torso, making him look wider, awkward in his own skin. “Did you say dinner?”
“It was my father,” Sherlock said into the quiet, and Joan watched her, holding her own hands in her crossed lap. “From ages 11 to 14.”
“I would fuck you, right here, right now,” John growls, knee coming up to rub painfully against Sherlock’s growing erection.
“You have everything you need?” he checked, his chopsticks lying still inside his chicken and broccoli. Sherlock rolled her eyes and then immediately wished she hadn’t; their moldy, crumbling ceilings always put her on edge. “Knapsack, papers-“
"Your father has moments of real intelligence on occasion," Sherlock spoke up from the doorway and for a minute Hamish felt completely surrounded by pure, unfiltered love in a way he hadn't since he was young enough to crawl into a thunder-prompted cuddle pile.
“Sherlock, I heard you hooked up with Jamie Kurith,” one of counselors, john thought he might be a waiter, called over, smirking with a few of his friends.
A small blonde woman in cheap jeans and a loose tee-shirt stepped out and into the waiting arms of Victoria Holmes, dressed in her usual Kors fitted dress, heels and perfectly manicured nails.
Sherlock let out a laugh and Irene swatted him. “I am,” she promised. “The girl just intrigues me is all. I’ll have some inquires to make.”
“Alright then,” she settled in. “I was twenty-two. I was young and studying for my doctorate and very, very poor. I was looking into more loans and better jobs and it was difficult. A friend of mine suggested surrogacy; I waved her off. That was never really something I’d considered- carrying a baby for other people. I wasn’t even in a relationship myself; I couldn’t imagine pregnancy. But the idea was in my mind, you understand.
“Okay, we talked a little bit about this at the last meeting but we’re planning for the march on Washington in January, that’s two months from now so not that much time to decide.”
It was meant for his heart, that much was obvious, but it went wide and hit his shoulder. That was what John told everyone, because what the doctors in the hospital in Herat told him beggared belief.
“Papa’s coming home later,” he insisted. The microwave beeped and he pulled the dish out, setting it down on the table. “Come eat.”
Sherlock was standing by the flat door with a duffle bag containing the body of the late Mr. Humperdink and a small box. “Your Papa thought you might need this now that it’s getting colder,” his father explained and Hamish took the box in excited hands to unveil a small, blue scarf.
They ran to the lake, two weeks after the corpse in the tree, deep into July when the air hung heavy with heat and humidity. They sat by it, catching their breaths, when Sherlock asked.
“Hey Uncle Greg,” Hamish said hesitantly, aware something was wrong. “Erm, no. I figured they were out working with you. Why are you here?”
Sherlock did, his fingers working gently at the button and John snuggled up against him, his arm lounged against Sherlock’s stomach.
“That’s what we’re here to do; tonight, and every night. For the sake of our own liberation, we must learn to overcome this damage done to ourselves by internalization. We must begin to reverse the systematic crushing of women’s egos by constructing alternate selves that are healthy, independent, and self-assertive. We must, in short, help each other to transfer the ultimate power of judgement about the value of our lives from men to ourselves.
Sherlock stopped and looked up and John, eyes so fragile behind a wall of grey and John wanted to kiss him.
They kiss and the band starts playing as everything in Harriet Watson’s life falls perfectly into place. Sherlock takes John’s hand and leads him to the dance floor, twirling his incredibly manly partner in a waltz.
Hamish sighed again but Sherlock could see the back of his eyes light up. “Okay so, there’s this girl-“
Joan grabbed both her hands and began dancing them somewhat violently about before pulling Sherlock into her for some kind of twist-tango combination. “Some kind of happiness is measured out in miles,” she sang, and now her eyes were bright and alight with that same joy, whether it was for the music or for Sherlock, the genius was unsure. “what makes you think you’re something special when you smile?”
“Not that,” Hamish brushed off and Sherlock turned to watch him. “It’s too beautiful a piece to never be played. Depriving someone of hearing this- that’s sad.”
By the time Joan came back, Sherlock had settled herself under the covers, shivering and still frozen from earlier. Joan shut the light and left the hall light on, leaving the room in a dim glow from the doorway and the streetlights outside. She handed Sherlock the water and a plate with warm toast before settling herself cross-legged at the foot of the bed, her knee just brushing Sherlock’s foot under the covers as they sat. Sherlock ate her toast in silence, sipping her water slowly as Joan instructed, and by the time the steady ritual was over, Sherlock finally felt warm again. There was feeling in the ends of her fingers and toes and she could breathe, steadily, listening to the sound of the broken heater in the living room do its best.
“-and your Mum said we’re invited to your house in London for Christmas so that’ll be fun,” John was talking but Sherlock was only catching every other word. He kept watching John’s arms place clothes and it should have been the reverse, John should have been unpacking- moving in permanently.
“No no no no no!” Hamish wailed, his brown eyes spilling over. The collar of his tee was slowly turning one shade darker. “Check when Papa come home.”
Lestrade calls him one morning, as John’s leaving for the surgery. “Take this number down,” he orders but Sherlock’s already memorized it.
John turned an angry gaze on Sherlock, weakened by his pillow-crushed face. “Now why have you gone and said something like that?” he pushed, trying to untangle himself.
“You can write me letters. I get phone calls once a week you know. And there’s leave. I get leave every six months or so. I’ll see you,” he promised and he felt Sherlock relax underneath him.
“This is going to hurt,” he said honestly and Harry nodded, taking John’s hand. John squeezed it tight as Sherlock wiped the cut with antiseptic and Harry hissed, biting his lip.
When their teacher asked all the children in the class what they wanted to be when they grew up, John said he wanted to be a doctor.
“If we do not choose to· perform these ego services,” Anne had kept going, some words getting lost in the middle, “but instead assert ourselves as primary to ourselves, we are denied the necessary access to alternatives wherein we can manifest our self- assertion. It is not only through denying women human alternatives that men are able to maintain their positions of power. It is politically necessary for any oppressive group to convince the oppressed that they are in fact inferior, and therefore deserve their situation. So, that’s where we all come from tonight.”
Joan smirked right back at her. “I never told you I got an aunt down in Kentucky?” she drawled and Sherlock felt that curl again in the pit of her, as she jumped off the wooden benches and snatched up both their bags.
“You treat our girl right, Sherly, you hear me? Give her a good seeing-to,” a girl in a biker jacket whose real name Sherlock didn’t know but whom everyone called ‘Baby’ called and Joan laughed.
“Imbeciles,” he muttered and of course, that was the moment Mycroft and Harry chose to return from their walk in the garden.
John was so startled, it took him a minute to realize what the noise was. “It’s my mobile,” he said finally, looking over to the bedside table that held their phones.
“They were kissing,” Angie whispered to her mother, breaking Sherlock’s train of thought and leaving John flustered.
“Yes,” Violet repeated, settling down next to her grandson. “I homeschooled both of them until they were old enough to go to Eton. So for a very long time it was just me, grandpa and your father. We had a very merry time of it. Sherlock used to run all sorts of experiments in the backyard; it was darling.”
She must have known, Sherlock thought, what she looked like down there and in fact Joan was meeting her eyes with the barest hint of a smirk but it was tempered with so much love and patient devotion, and with her pupils blown black, barely a sliver of blue even visible. Sherlock nodded and together they worked her underwear off, setting it to the side of the bed before Joan leaned in and set a small kiss at the top of the mound of wiry curls.
This is what happens when I have days off. I just post chapters all the live-long day. Not that y'all are complaining ;)
Hamish did and John set to making small, slow strokes, calming the tiny child until his breath began to even and his eyelids fluttered in sleep.
And then Sherlock was gone, pulling back, and John searched for him in the darkness. He found the fuzzy outline of his head in front of his own, hair a careful collection of messy curls, breaths coming out in small pants, and it thrilled to him realize Sherlock was loving this just as much as he was.
Sherlock swallowed nervously and nodded after a beat, ducking back inside as the kettle rang. Sighing, John turned back to the couch, pulling over an armchair so he could look Hamish in the eye. Said boy was kicking his dangling feet back against the bottom of the couch, making various sound effects for his action figures, but he set them down as his Papa sat down.
He knew he should confront Sherlock, talk to him, explain to him that he didn’t judge him. He had an alcoholic little sister, for god’s sake, who was he to judge another person? But John’s cowardice won out in the end and he stayed hidden behind his campers and their activities and it all went perfectly. They didn’t even have swim on Thursday, which was a veritable sign from the gods the he was justified in avoiding the cutting boy.
“We never talked about it,” she said. “I always thought she must have known, but maybe she didn’t. He really was careful, until the end.”
John gave up. “Hamish, Daddy and I both told you there are no such things as monsters. You know we would never lie to you.” He searched the room helplessly until he found Hamish’s stuffed rabbit. “Here, you can cuddle your rabbit,” he offered.
Eventually, Joan maneuvered them both to lie on their backs, Sherlock’s head laid down between the cavern of her breasts, as Joan’ left arm rubbed small, soft circles on Sherlock’s back. Sherlock could feel the day catching up to her, tugging at her edges into sleep, but with the last bits of her consciousness she muttered, into the rise of Joan beneath Sherlock’s own shirt, “You’d never manage, you know.”
“Cool. Cool, cool,” she whispered back and they turned back to face the circle and listen to a woman in tweed pants comment on making sure all signs were either repurposed or recycled after every rally.
Alex obeyed with a quick ogle at Hamish before he ran back down the hall towards the sound of the chatter. Annemarie motioned to Hamish with her head and he kept following her around the corner and into a small study with bookcase-lined walls, a pair of sofas and a computer desk in the corner. Annemarie closed the door and then gestured for Hamish to sit on one of the couches. Once he was settled, she sat down across from him.
stay after being faced with all that, after hearing all the cracks and flaws and broken pieces of her life? She couldn’t blame Joan for fleeing, surely she would have done the same.
surprised at how she hadn’t managed to pick that up but yet, looking at Joan again in light of all this she couldn’t see where she went wrong- there was simple no sign of it-
Joan was outright cackling now and Sherlock realized with a start that no one had ever laughed in this kitchen since they’d moved in. No one had laughed in this apartment until late last night. She saw Mycroft have the same thought and both of them spared the other not-quite smiles, nothing that would look like smiles to any other human being but what they both could clearly read in each other. The two of them, partners again with their own secrets from the world. And Joan too now, somehow, in this mess of a home. Joan had found a way to fit herself in too.
“I take it you’re ready for the Kamikaze?” John teased and Sherlock grabbed his hand, pulling them forward.
“This is lovely,” John smiled at him softly as the waiter walked off to get their food. “We haven’t had dinner together like this in-“
John paused, considering his strategy. Unsurprisingly, years of managing one adult Holmes had quite prepared him for managing a smaller one without flying off the handle. “Hamish baby, what did Daddy and I tell you about taking stuff from our room?” he tried instead.
“No, it’s the kitchen, do try to be intelligent,” Sherlock snapped. He walked over to a door on the wall. “This connects to my room, apparently Mummy had high hopes for our friendship. You will never use it, understand?”
At two on the dot, John slid silently out of bed and padded to the bunk door. He opened it silently, mindful of the heavy snores echoing through his bunk, and let it close with a small noise. Camp Baker was utterly deserted, but John wasn’t deceived. He knew patrols went around every hour or so to make sure counselors were actually adhering to the curfew.
“Oh, shut it,” he groaned and Sally took mercy on him, pulling out a lighter to set the bundle aflame. She merely shrugged at the look he gave her.
At that he stopped, face turning white. “Sherlock, that’s a bear,” he whispered to the other teen. Both stared at the giant lumbering hulk of brown fur standing next to their car, staring them dead in the eye.
“Mycroft figured it out first. Told me not to tell anyone. When you dorm at an all-boys school, it’s not exactly easy if your roommates know you’re gay. Especially when they don’t like you much to begin with,” Sherlock added with a laugh instead of a sob.
“I’m gonna go on the slide,” John shouted over to Mike, who was heading out to the trampoline. His co-counselor nodded, swimming out, and John swam over to the slide ladder.
I touch you,” John lavished and Sherlock felt something utterly hot and scalding pool at the bottom of his stomach-
,” John moans, because that’s all he can say. And then Sherlock is pinning him to the couch and taking him apart, and when he slides into John, it’s like he can breathe again and John lets out a small, shuddering sob.
“But it’s good, to have a break with my ‘cousin,’” she said, her voice suddenly somber. “A guy I can actually trust.”
“You, of course,” Joan said and Sherlock’s heart, which had only moments ago felt strangled within an inch of its life, suddenly felt so uncontainably full she was at a total loss of what to say. “Mycroft was just telling me stories of you as a child. You never mentioned your stuffed rabbit.”
They went walking up the Southside trail, John slowing down to tell Sherlock all the names of the plants and trees. Sherlock absorbed all of it with obvious interest, for the few areas Sherlock knew nothing about he made a point to listen intently when they were being taught to him.
I wanted to write an alternative to chapter 7 for ages, even since I took up teen Hamish. Hope y'all don't mind reoccurring themes.
“It’s not heavy like that,” Joan said once they’d peeled apart with an obscene wet noise between their mouths, petting back Sherlock’s curls from where they’d escaped into her eyes. “It’s heavy like deep, or serious or just fucking overwhelming. Like she’s everything to him. She’s his whole world.”
John considered it. “He’s too young for the whole story. I have an idea. Now go make tea and come back here because if you abandon me on this Sherlock Holmes, so help me I will end you.”
John wandered over to Mycroft as Sherlock swung Hamish up into the air and coaxed a giggle out of him. “Thank you for this, Mycroft,” John said softly and his brother-in-law nodded. “I know he won’t say it but we really appreciate this. We need this, to be perfectly honest.”
Harry comes at five. Cynthia arrives closer to eight, traffic. They huddle in a mess by the trauma unit door, not talking, not breathing. Mycroft holds Harry, her small hand disappearing in his large one. Sherlock tries to comfort Cynthia. Fails.
And for one delicious moment, Sherlock let himself hope. Let himself dream about John holding him like this, kissing him- back against the tree. Letting himself love John.
“Well then, let’s fix that,” John suggested and Sherlock was suddenly much more excited about the party.
Sherlock took a breath with the rest of the room, trying not to giggle. She looked over at Joan, expecting to see the blonde holding back the same grin, but Joan was already staring back at her, looking terrified. Something was wrong, something was terribly wrong, what had she missed, what was happening?
“Yvette, maybe we should clarify why we’re marching on Washington,” an elderly woman who’d introduced herself as Ruth spoke up, sparing a glance to where Joan and Sherlock were exchanging confused but hesitant glances.
Sherlock chuckled darkly, setting his things on the table before settling back next to his husband. “At least that was all they took from our room,” he encouraged and John burst into laughter, falling into Sherlock’s shirt.
“What?” Sherlock asked, innocently, his hand traveling higher, stopping to stroke the inside of John’s thigh, and the older boy shuddered.
“Noted for future reference,” he whispered, his voice suddenly gone, and John laughed softly, sitting up.
Showered and ensconced in a towel, Sherlock settled herself on the couch to braid her hair into two pigtails and think. Getting in touch with her emotions was never really her strong suit but, needs must. So she liked it when Joan touched her. What did that mean?
Sherlock bit her lip. “Nothing changes,” she said finally and Joan froze with the plaster in her hand. “Men in power will always be in power. They will always make the rules. Nothing we can do will change that.”
The silence echoed through the flat and Hamish instinctively shrunk closer to his father, burrowing in John’s jumper. Greg looked around helplessly before nodding. “You heard the man,” he said softly. “Everyone out.”
In the past waking nightmare of her previous sexual experience- and Joan had told her she didn’t have to call it that, that she had every right to say she was a virgin if she wanted to and strike the whole thing from the record, but she had done those things and had those things done to her and she wasn’t a virgin even if it hadn’t been her choice- Sherlock had certainly come a handful of times. He’d held those times over her head, leverage maybe or to assuage his own guilt, and they had never felt good. They were just things that happened to her, to the transport that was her body and that she couldn’t cut herself loose from no matter how many drugs she was taking.
Joan peeked her head around the curtain to look at her, her hair plastered to her face, cheeks red from the hot water. “You stay late anyway. Why not just practice with us?”
I'll try to post the first bridge chapter as soon as possible so you have something to subscribe to, even if the next few chapters are a little late in coming.
The three Holmes stood in the driveway, a dramatic parody of two months prior. Victoria was the first to move, turning around to head inside.
John looked at his husband encouragingly. Sherlock took a breath before going on, fiddling nervously with the handle of his mug. “We would have rather waited to tell you but Anderson," here he paused to grit his teeth, "rather let the cat out of the proverbial bag. They used a drugs bust because for a
“He was like Jekyll and Hyde, you know? When he was sober, he was dad. But when he was drunk…” John glanced away. “He had these moods, sometimes he’d just cry for hours. But usually he got angry, really angry. And then we all knew to hide.”
“At least illness hasn’t made him any less talkative,” Sherlock noted, coming back into the bedroom. He handed John the thermometer and John rubbed Hamish’s back.
“Sherlock, I want you-“ John tried to choke out and was cut off as he moaned again, Sherlock’s talented fingers,
“If there’s one thing you’re good at John, it’s making things better,” she reassured him turning down the dirt road to camp. “I have complete faith in you.”
So there's been a bit of confusion as to where our boys actually are. Basically, I'm not really sure. I'm a Brit who went to sleep-away in America, so this thing's gonna be a whole mess of both cultures. If you'd like, you can imagine it's in a mythical land where both Brits and Americans live in harmony :)
The room laughs good-naturedly as Harry turns to the blonde woman sitting beside Clara’s mum. “Mum, thank you so much, for everything. For raising me proper, despite all that we went through.” Harry pauses to look upwards, an unshed tear in her eye. “And thanks Dad. I know we ended rough, but we started well, and that means something.
He was clumsy, making a mess with the lubricant and fumbling with the condom and both boys flushed for different reasons. But first times are meant to be a bit awkward. He eased Sherlock’s legs over his shoulders, cradling himself in the crook of the younger boy’s hips, and gently kissed Sherlock’s knee.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft cut him off and Sherlock looked up. When had his brother gone from being his one and only friend to a man in a suit he no longer liked or understood? And how was he able to shift back, just for a moment, when Sherlock desperately needed him? “You are a Holmes, Sherlock. I expected better from you.”
The camp bathrooms were tiny. The stalls were near miniscule. But Sherlock followed John to the bathroom not a minute after and shoved him unceremoniously into a stall.
“I played it for you once before,” his husband murmured and John dutifully cast his mind back, coming out with only a hazy memory of Sherlock by a window, refusing to eat yet again.
Sherlock looked at the bear contemplatively for a moment. It was a light soft brown, with big button eyes and neat stitching. Soft, cuddly, but hardly fragile.
“No,” John said softly and in an instant, they were bounding up the stairs and into Hamish’s room, freezing in the doorway. The two boys had broken into Sherlock’s stage makeup and painted the room in lipstick, doodles littering the pale blue walls.
They went running that night and it was like two puzzle pieces sliding perfectly back into place. Their breaths were ragged and Sherlock felt his blood pumping as he remembered how to run with John, how to stay just fast enough that John couldn’t catch up but slow enough so they’re never more than a few meters apart.
“How about we go to the symphony and you can pick what instrument you’d like,” he offered gently, like feeding a feral cat. Hamish considered this a moment before nodding.
It was eleven, about an hour before John usually went to sleep. Sherlock opened the bedroom door and strolled in before dropping a pair of sweatpants on the end of the bed.
“What did mum want?” John asked and the two of them moved fluidly down the hallway, talking rapidly.
Sherlock tilted his head and John felt like one of those butterflies in the glass cases at the museum, spread open and dissected. “Obviously,” the boy had said and John wasn’t sure what that meant but he thought it was a yes.
“Don’t be an idiot,” Sherlock grumbled but he was falling asleep, John could feel in his limbs, the way the boy shifted from brittle bones into dead weight. John was drifting off too, but he held onto consciousness for a few more moments, gripping it by the tips of his fingers.
“Great shot, Jordan,” he smiled, ruffling his hair, and Jordan smiled back, running to get more arrows.
kisses; he simply took the ones John gave him happily. But this was lovely, and Sherlock relished his moments of control as he pulled at John’s bottom lip, needing it raw, and John moaned appreciatively.
His father considered the question for a long moment before finally acknowledging it with a tilt of his head. “I wrote it,” he confessed and Hamish’s head shot right up, meeting Sherlock’s eyes.
“Don’t leave me, Papa,” Hamish begged pitifully as John set him down. “If you do the sun’s gonna burn me right up to a little chip and I don’t even like fish and chips have to spend their whole lives next to fish until they’re eaten an I don’t wanna be eaten cause then I’ll be gone like clouds when they float away and break like marbles.”
” John had asked him incredulously after that particular revelation. The concrete behind school was hard beneath his feet, rough behind his back. Sherlock lounged next to him, hands in his pocket, not meeting his eyes.
He said it so casually and easily, that although he’d heard it a thousand times, it stopped Sherlock’s heart all the same. “Indulge me,” he asked and John grinned up at him, desire hiding behind his ocean eyes.
At seventeen-years-old, John had been a counselor at Camp Baker only once before, last year, for the youngest group or the third graders, a few of whom were in his bunk now. And yet, he was one of the most popular staff members.  It didn't hurt how much he actually loved his boys, crazy and in this case lazy, as they were.
Usually their kisses were soft and calm, neither one rushing, neither one pushing. This kiss was desperate, the kiss of two boys denied each other for months. John’s hand went up to wrap itself in Sherlock’s black curls, and his other hand found the younger boy’s waist, desperately trying to pull them even closer.
“You gave me a key!” he exclaimed pitifully, puppy-dog emerging from his eyes and Mycroft did his best to resist.
Sherlock eyed the height difference between them and John blushed. “They’re hand-me-downs,” John reminded him and Sherlock meekly followed John into his room.
“Piss off,” Sherlock smiled and John laughed out loud, prompting the mothers to look down from the head of the table and smile. Then he let John finish his sentence which ran along the lines of “So I noticed there’s a lake on the property” and everything ran a little smoother after that. Especially because John let him run on and on about his algae experiment last year.
“Why are we still here?” Sherlock murmured in John’s ear, licking the shell and John suddenly agreed. They grabbed hands and ran outside to the car, making their goodbyes.
It didn’t take much to get his son talking. “Marcie McDonald who sits on the S on the reading rug said I’m her boyfriend.”
“Will he want to meet her one day?” John worried and Sherlock came up behind him to wrap his arms around his waist, resting his chin on John’s shoulder.
There was a sudden noise from onshore and Sherlock looked up. “Quickly,” he urged, pushing off John and sliding silently into the water. John followed him, a second behind, and Sherlock met his gaze before diving underwater. John could hardly see through the lake’s murk but he realized what Sherlock was doing and followed him, diving to surface underneath the trampoline.
Joan settled Sherlock next to her, their hands still interlocked, towards the back of the room and the room chattered amongst itself until a woman in a loose tan sweater with her black hair down stood up and the room quieted around her.
in my teeth-marks, would you like that?” John asked, before leaning in to make another mark below the first.
A chorus of “Yes”s filled the room and Anne let out a small smile. “Great, let’s get started,” she said, taking a seat. “We’ll go around the circle clockwise and if you have any concern or comment you want to raise about our response at Monday’s rally, now’s your time.”
His mobile rang the second practice ended. “Don’t come over tonight,” Sherlock instructed and hung up before John could ask why. And so John slept in his own bed that night, cold and unfamiliar, and shoved a chest of drawers in front of his door when he heard his father’s car in the driveway.
,” Sherlock called carefully and John looked down at him and Sherlock was truly and properly drowning in ocean eyes so deep and warm, waves rocking up against rocks as John rocked against him, sending waves coursing through Sherlock’s body. John’s pupils were blown and the water was dark, so deep blue it was nearly indigo, and Sherlock felt like he’d come home.
“I’ve just spent so long living in his shadow, you know?” Hamish went on, gathering steam. “I’m not even my own person. I’m Sherlock Holmes’s son. That’s all I am. If I go, they’re all gonna think I got in cause of my Dad. Or worse, there’s probably still professors who remember him and are gonna expect me to be a Holmes. Brilliant and mental and perfect at everything. I’m tired of it.
As Chloe and her aunt were leaving, Chloe hugging her foster uncles tighter than she’d ever hugged them before, Hamish shouted “Wait!” before bolting upstairs.
Hamish nodded. “Daddy taught it to me when you made him throw out a ‘speriment to make room for my birthday cake.”
“Radical feminism, for anyone who’s confused who we are or what we’re doing, recognizes the oppression of women as a fundamental political oppression wherein women are categorized as an inferior class based upon their sex. It is the aim of radical feminism to organize politically to destroy this sex class system,” she started before someone whooped “yeah it is,” and Anne had to bite back a smile before continuing.
Hamish watched his father sadly. "It was a good game," he said, just as soft, and he saw his father smile, still looking down the hallway.
“Mycroft found out when I was sixteen. Took a while, but I got clean in March,” he smiled softly, his usual angles fading into something gentler, something you could hug without fear of being cut. “This camp was supposed to be penance, you know? Proof I could be normal and sober on my own. Can’t say I haven’t been tempted to cheat but-“
“That actually explains so much,” John mused and then seemed to regain focus. “But that is not the point. The point is we are not giving Hamish a baby for Christmas.”
Violet giggled and met her grandson’s eye, both of them sharing a mischievous look. “I wanted to remind your son that you’re human,” she confessed and Sherlock glared.
“Yes, the budget, you did say that,” she started and Richards glanced at her, confused, before she continued. “The budget would be rather tight, especially after buying Coach Mathews a new car.”
Hamish nodded helpfully. “It’s like I’m sitting under a great big sun only I forgot to put on sunblock and Mrs. Teacher said if you don’t then you get wrinkles so I’m wrinkly and hot like a shaved kitty cat that Nanny Hudson showed me once on the spider web,” he supplied and Sherlock moved to lift him.
“You use teeth sometimes,” Sherlock pointed out, his fingers drawing their usual pictures and John’s pupils dilated despite his even tone.
Sherlock shook her head, glancing down at her hands. Her cuticles were chewed to the quick, nervous pedestrian habit, and they nauseated her too. Their bloody lives nauseated her. “I’m going in early,” she said. “It seemed to work best in avoiding the assailants last year.”
“Oh, Hamish,” he nearly whispered and he sounded close to actual tears. Hamish saw Sherlock subtly take his husband’s hand and John held it before continuing. “We never meant to keep you from her. When you were little it was different; we didn’t want to confuse you on just who your parents were. But we never meant to make you think she was something you had to beg for-“
“Panic attacks, nightmares, rages?” she supplies and he nods, dumbly. “Oh love, let me make you some tea.”
“And what if there had been two guns?” Sherlock pressed and Hamish didn’t bother asking how his father knew that tidbit of information.
“Molly and Riley did,” Sherlock admitted, zipping up the tent behind him. John remembered the camp van pulling away right before dinner and being slightly put-out that Sherlock hadn’t said goodbye. “I managed to convince them to let me stay.”
and Sherlock could only allow himself to imagine. Other boys his age would entertain lewd thoughts, wouldn’t they? Normal boys would make comments like
“They took two,” she explained, thumbing gently over the picture of a much younger her, lying in a hospital bed still in a gown with a sleeping Hamish bundled up in her arms. “I was so scared. It was my first pregnancy and you were nearly a cesarean. But you were so perfect, lying there. I cried so much, mostly because I knew you weren’t mine to keep.”
Knickerbocker Ave was closer to her than Joan so the odd trio walked the four blocks to her apartment before stopping outside. Joan let go of Mary with a squeeze and saw her to the front door of her building.
“Bloody hell, that was nearly the equivalent of you throwing yourself naked at me,” he wondered, eyes bright and Sherlock shrugged, a bit put out.
A warm hand on her arm pulled her out her thoughts and Sherlock found herself turning back from the doorway she’d been escaping through and facing Joan head on. The shorter girl was still a bit flushed from her speech and still grinning madly.
The sun was just starting to set when they found the small pool, nestled inside a cave. John smiled at Sherlock, his teeth glinting in the setting sun.
“If it was not for that man, I have no doubt I would be very drunk and very unhappy in the cesspools of London. And instead,” she smiles down at Clara, who squeezes her hand. “I am six years sober, and never going back.”
"How bout you Annie; you ready for second lunch?" he checked with his granddaughter and she burped at him.
“Do you not… want to?” he said slowly, voice desperately trying to remain steady and Sherlock realized his mistake and grabbed John’s hands.
As it was, his parents burst in after only twenty. Hamish was still draped in the orange shock blanket a medic had unloaded on him after checking him over and he watched John’s eyes immediately narrow to it as he rushed over.
“Let me throw these in the oven,” Cammy said, coming around Sherlock and her cutting board, and scooping the cubed potatoes into a tin. “The natives are getting restless, and hash browns might just calm them down.”
The bar was right by Washington Square park and Sherlock could see couples wandering off towards the darker benches, hand in hand. Women littered the sidewalk outside, smoking and laughing and, in the case of a girl in a leather jacket and a redhead in too little clothes for this weather, making out against the side of the guardrail. Sherlock felt something akin to fear curl in the base of her stomach and Joan only held her hand tighter in hers, following the crowd towards the stairs.
“Well?” John goaded, pushing Sherlock off the bed and occupying the Sherlock-shaped space in the sheets, arms folded behind his head. “Let me hear it.”
“I don’t have friends,” Sherlock said, as though it was obvious. As though it was only natural. As though he was okay with it.
Sherlock sighed, burrowing deeper into John’s shoulder, and closed his eyes. “I don’t exactly fit in, John. Cocaine had an odd way of making me more…normal, if you’ll believe it.”
Room 408 was already busy by the time they got there, with Marcie and Kelsie by the front desk, organizing papers. Joan dropped her off at the back of the room with a quick squeeze and then bounded up to the front of the class. By the time she got there, she was a different Joan. No, that wasn’t quite right, Sherlock mused as she set herself down in a chair by the window. It was the same Joan just…unleashed. Unbridled. She got that way playing soccer too sometimes, a bit more manic behind the eyes, freer with her mouth. A force to be reckoned with.
“Because I’m in a higher bio class than you are,” Joan teased, making a face and then putting the same food she had taken for herself on Sherlock’s tray without asking. “You may be better than me at a lot of thing, but you’re not better than me at bio.”
Dinner was a loud affair, especially for the Holmes household. Victoria Holmes was laying into John, asking him about his college plans.
Sherlock could feel his eyes drifting closed and John muttering, “Sleep it off,” before they were pulling up in front of the house and John was helping Sherlock out of the car.
“I’m smarter than you,” he teased and Sherlock growled but allowed herself to be turned back around so he could finish off the braid. “But you still haven’t told me whose clothes these are.”
Sherlock was hunched over the toilet, his thin shoulders sweating themselves through John’s tee. He retched as John entered and John rushed to him, kneeling next to him.
“You would hate beer, you spoiled queen,” she cackled and Sherlock found herself smiling in spite of herself, grabbing some napkins and mopping herself up. “I’ll get you a cocktail, on me,” she insisted as Sherlock moved to fish her wallet out. “Maybe a vodka cranberry?”
“The meeting is technically over, but we have the space till half-past so feel free to stay around and talk if you want. Remember to bring your notes to me or to Shuli or Betty. Have a safe night,” she called out over the din and then sat back down as everyone started talking to fill the sudden silence.
“I cannot fucking believe you made me crawl through a sewer,” Joan murmured, and maybe it was the water in Sherlock’s ears but she sounded almost fond.
“Don’t be,” he smiled. “Always nice to be appreciated.” And with that he went back to Sherlock’s mouth, biting down on Sherlock’s already swollen bottom lip and Sherlock whimpered. John broke off to trail kisses down Sherlock’s chest as Sherlock’s hands sought purchase in John’s curls and John stopped at the rather obvious bulge in Sherlock’s pants before resting against it and breathing in slowly.
Hamish understood about every other word of his father’s sentence but he heard the sorry and he nodded soundlessly, bending in to kiss his father’s cheek.
“I’m just gonna go put these in the kitchen,” Joan said, disappearing with a squeeze to her shoulder and then Sherlock was alone in the living room. Someone had turned on the record player and music was blaring across the house with a few people trying to dance to it. Couples occupied most of the couches- with prime spots going to members of the victorious team and their boyfriends. She smelled smoke off on the fireplace and her fingers itched with the desire for a cigarette. She hadn’t indulged in months, money had been tight since they’d had their rent raised, but she was practically part of the team- surely
"It was Hopkins," Sherlock spat out. "That little boy thinks just cause we're older than him we snap like twigs if we so much as trip-"
“That’s bogus,” she giggled and Sherlock, as she always did, made another little mark in her mind at having prompted the noise. “Who knew that all we had to do to advertise was call Nixon a pig? And here I’ve been doing that for free. Oh, hey Kelsie!”
. This wasn’t something he was used to. Empathy. He was empathizing, sympathizing, and he suddenly wanted to see the scar again, see the way the knife must have dug in deep and pulled at the flesh, tugging it into its own scar. He wanted a piece of it for his microscope and maybe just a piece for himself. It was getting harder, these days, to tell the two sides of his brain apart.
It was quiet dark in the room but Mycroft could still make out the look of pure pity the boy shot him. “No one ever cuddled with you, Uncle Mycroft?”
Joan giggled and went back into her shower. “I just can’t believe any of this. First the club, then Shulamith and now soccer? Everything’s coming up roses all of a sudden.”
“I certainly wasn’t going to miss the indoors part of the evening,” she said back, feeling a bit unsteady and Marcie laughed a hint too loud- three beers in then.
“I don’t think you’re particularly entitled to that information,” Sherlock snapped back, already clenching her fists for the sting. “Seeing as you have been so ‘zappy’ these past few days.”
“Permission to speak freely, sir,” Anthea pushed, her heals clacking on the concrete as she followed him towards the ambulances.
“Hey, I wanted to ask you something,” she said with the same unexplained nervousness with which she’d asked Sherlock to sleep over a week past. She’d done that a few more times in the days in between, once when asking Sherlock if she wanted to sleep over again- and that had been more fun than Sherlock had known what to do with; Joan had suggested they have a ‘pillow fight’ and they’d ruptured eight pillows to test the difference in  stuffing type and consistency, she’d gotten so much
He hadn’t actually expected anything specific, just the generic blank stares of shock and perhaps a few tears. But Hamish only grinned at him. “Silly Daddy, I know Father Christmas isn’t real,” he disclosed.
John was thirteen when he decided Wendy Darling was not such an unfitting nickname because everyone knows all Wendy really wants is to shag Peter’s brains out.
“It’s always rainy in London, love,” John ruffled his son’s hair and Hamish leaned into the touch. The boy adored affection; Sherlock often remarked he was like a dog begging for petting. “You’ll get used to it.”
“I can’t…give you…that,” he tried and it was the most inarticulate John had ever heard him. “But here-“
“So which was it?” Sherlock asked as they were walking back from dinner. The whole event had ended better than it had started, with Sherlock and John managing to converse for a moment without killing each other.
in there. I can’t believe it, I can’t believe you! Cool as a cucumber. You didn’t even flinch! Holy hell you are so brilliant!”
“John please-“ Sherlock started but John wasn’t even looking at him, just clenching his fists and glaring at the boys in the corner.
“I always say it was my karma,” she told him. “Not even a year after you were born, I met Daniel and now I have my own children. I used to visit sporatically when you were very little and wouldn’t remember me but both your parents and I agreed there was no sense in confusing you. But here you are-“
“Oh,” Sherlock says softly. They’re having sex and John is nestled comfortably under him, Sherlock rocking back and forth in gentle waves of ecstasy. “Oh that’s brilliant.”
“Sherlock,” Joan started, then stopped herself. “You don’t have to tell me. I was wrong, to force you, and I’m so sorry-“
“More drinks?” Joan smirked, now a little unsteady after her and Sherlock’s beer. Sherlock opened her mouth to reply when a smooth voice interjected,
“What’s going on?” he demanded, coming down the stairs in his small blue dressing gown and firetruck jimjams.
“He is,” John said smiling against Sherlock’s mouth. “Lucky for him though, I’ve always liked bad boys.”
“More expensive drugs?” Joan asked and Sherlock nodded. Joan’s fingers were a steady pressure on her ankle, back and forth, never hesitating for a second. “When did you get clean?”
Hamish took her hand at the mention of her therapist’s name. They rarely ever talked about Chloe’s childhood in their letters and phone conversations, and if they did it was only to remark on how much better she was doing. It was obvious it would never really go away, he could still see that pain in the way she flinched ever minutely when the Gringotts dragon blew out fire. But she was better, and healthy.
“A fish doesn’t know it’s in water until it’s not,” Sherlock said, his eyes pleading. “I never realized just how
Later, much later after Mycroft had pulled them both into his study and locked the door and placed the thick, mahogany desk against it. Once Sherlock had sat down on the floor, garbage pail between her knees, and Mycroft sat with his back against the desk leg, facing her. Then they began to scheme.
“I’m sorry, I know I’ve been bothering you-“ John blushed, ashamed and it puzzled Sherlock why anyone would be ashamed of an obviously uncontrollable function.
Hamish looked horrified. “But then Daddy’s gonna feel sad!” he protested. “Like one time when Mrs. Teacher was choosing who was gonna be the best cleaner of the day and norma- norm- on every other day she only picks one person who cleaned the bestest out of everyone but then that day she chose two and both people were sad cause they didn’t get to really be special so you should only pick Daddy so he feels special and I’ll be alright cause a lot of people in my class are gonna give me cards, I bet.”
“Talk to me Sherlock, what’s going on?” Riley called and John could see Sherlock on his waveboard paddling over to Harry, who held onto the rock climbing landing rope with one hand and his leg with the other. The black-haired teen took out a walkie in a water-proof bag and his voice, distorted and staticy, came over the radio.
John pulled on Sherlock’s trunks. They were a bit small, hugging his arse in an uncomfortable manner, but all Sherlock did as he turned around was grin ferally at the counselor. He hid their clothing beneath a rock, his eyes never quite leaving John’s body and then he stood up, looking him dead on.
Joan was waiting patiently for her outside the office when she strode her way into school the next morning, blue eyes bright with a cup of coffee in each hand. She gave one to Sherlock, who took with a mumble of thanks, and Sherlock was surprised to find it was perfect, just the right amount of sugar and milk.
“Orion,” Sherlock started, pointing upwards. “Cassiopeia, Sirius, Scorpius, the big dipper, the north star-“
“Thank you for doing this,” John said softly and Sherlock leaned forward to kiss his forehead in a surprising display of affection.
“Maybe let’s go around and say names before we get started?” suggested a woman in a red sweater-dress with her afro combed out. “I’m Yvette, I’m a student at Columbia uptown. I don’t mind taking notes, if no one else wants to.”
“Papa!” Hamish called down and both men turned towards the steps on instinct. “Come see our drawing!”
“Wait here,” he ordered, and stood up, rushing from the room and leaving John numb and broken on the floor. He came back after a moment, hands behind his back, and sat down next to John, long legs crossing beneath him.
“I would ask how you even know that,” John whispered, shaking his head in pride, “but we’ve already established you know everything.”
“We’ll let him decide, Sherlock says, not wanting to argue with the closest thing he has to a mother right now.
“Sherlock!” John snapped but Hamish just blinked. He didn’t yet know what the word “intelligent” meant. He did understand the tone however.
“John, you are of average intelligence, I don’t see why you feel the need to state the obvious all the time,” Sherlock whispered back furiously.
“Friend of mine,” Sherlock said casually and John flashed him a small grin. They never mentioned John was Sherlock’s only friend; for a genius the man had a very fragile ego when it came to seeming normal.
pat her arm sympathetically after Joan recanted the latest headache associated with the forming soccer team, the blonde would just lean in and rest her head on Sherlock’s shoulder with an almighty sigh. Joan, she was coming to realize, expected absolutely nothing from her but her presence.
Sherlock was hung-over. There was no other word for it. His head was pounding, his throat felt dry, and everything was way too loud.
“Fuck off, all of you,” Joan said warmly, already turning away. “We’re gonna go watch the moon landing.”
“Detective Hamish,” John called and his son spun around to face him. “I think I found something,” he said, pointing at a smudge on the floor. Hamish rushed over to see what could only be a bloody fingerprint.
He’s come to terms with all of them, he really has. He can live with being stood up, forgotten, blue-balled and ignored. But he refuses to believe the last one is true. He refuses because, if it is, he may very well self-immolate.
They put off sleep for as long as humanly possible, watching terrible movies and reading terrible novels and building forts out of pillows even though they were both too old for that.  But soon enough, they were forced to climb into that monstrous bed and John thought that might be the end of his miserable life.
“Don’t worry,” he eased, settling her on his hip. “I’m sure she’s right outside. I’m John, this is Sherlock,” he introduced as Sherlock came over from the wall to join them.
they played, but it was absolutely beautiful. Mycroft played notes grounded and strong, unwavering and brave and unerringly patient as Sherlock’s notes danced around them in flights of fancy, passion and crazed brilliance.
Sherlock tried again. God, John made this part look so easy with his bribes and distractions and impersonations. “You can walk around while you eat-“
His father looked at him appraisingly before apparently finding him worthy. "After you were born, your father barely took cases for two years," he informed Hamish.
“She wanted us to use her married name,” Sherlock tells him as he lays the flowers they bought by the ivory tombstone. “Said she was more Holmes than anything else.”
“Are you putting regular food consumption on the agenda?” she asked, incredulous, and Sherlock looked down instead at the table.
“By all means, don’t let me stop you,” John whispered back and he couldn’t see, but he knew instinctively Sherlock was grinning at him in the darkness.
“I forget how much of a kinky bastard you are sometimes,” John laughed. “You have such an angelic face, it looks so weird when you say those things.”
The sound of sirens cut him off and then an ambulance pulled up alongside, a man in a paramedic’s outfit jumping out and running over. The second he was within range, Hamish stopped gasping and bolted, running until he could hide behind the man’s legs.
“I want to be a pirate,” Sherlock told him with absolutely no hesitation and John nearly laughed out loud.
John would have paid money for those expressions. Not the ones on the yarders’ faces, though those were lovely too, but the one on Sherlock’s face. If pure elation could’ve been photographed, that would have been the time. John had never felt prouder of himself.
