John could just picture Mycroft’s face, the look of distaste at being approached with something as lowly as a threat of blackmail, and then the realisation that the situation most likely was far more serious than he had initially understood.
It would certainly be effective if he wanted to spring it upon the man, take him by surprise and minimize the risk of resistance. By the looks of it, Dr Roylott seemed big and sturdy enough to be threatening in a physical fight, but few if any people stood up against a gun being pointed at them.
But just as he had left the room, he was to be replaced by yet another unexpected presence, this time in the form of the grand superior of civil servants himself in all his arrogant glory.
“I'm not sure I want know how you pulled that off....,” John muttered, earning himself a dry look from Mycroft.
John never saw him step on a scale though, never demanded any proof of what he wrote down, it was all based on what Sherlock told him and while they continued to enjoy each other’s bodies sexually all over the house the medical bag usually remained forgotten in a corner.
That night seems like ages ago now, so much time that has passed since then, so many developments, especially when it comes to the relationship that has grown between him and Sherlock over time.
Content with this, Magnussen left, and Mycroft quickly picked up his phone, this time not caring for any issues regarding pride and childish stubbornness, both calling as well as texting his brother to get in touch with him this very instant.
“Your removal from the scene was detrimental to our job. Admittedly you did a great job of locating the entrance to the vault and as I believe I mentioned earlier, you saved us a lot of time and effort by doing so. But beyond that, it was beneficial to us if you stayed clear of the scene and allowed my men to take care of the rest.”
Mycroft seems to support this theory even if everything they have so far are actually just theories. Sherlock himself would be appalled by the way they work a case around hypotheses instead of facts, but as there are no solid facts to be had, theories are all they have.
A churn of nausea made itself noticed in Mycroft’s stomach when hearing these words and he bit his cheek hard to prevent that feeling from revealing itself in his appearance.
Dr Grimesby Roylott was in his early fifties, descendant of a once prominent family who had fallen on hard times during the previous century and the only remaining feature of their once illustrious assets was Stoke Moran, the ancestral home in the family’s possession for centuries but now ill-kept and not up to its former glory.
Sherlock closed his eyes at the sensation, like a cat purring in satisfaction, while he continued to reveal his plan.
He noticed her raised eyebrows as he scrambled out of bed with his crumpled uniform still on and the stains of blood covering the front that made him look more than usually dishevelled for a person being abruptly woken in the early morning hours. But whatever she thought she didn’t say anything.
He winked when uttering that last sentence, as if attempting to make a joke and yet John couldn’t shake the feeling that there was something else beneath those words. It was difficult to tell who Sherlock was trying to convince the most, himself or John.
Perhaps Dr Watson’s more stoic persona would prove to have a calming effect on his brother’s irresponsible tendencies, but they needed to make it through this ordeal first if they wanted to test that theory out.
“Of course, I have incentive. A rather good one in fact. Because whatever Sherlock tells me about what the two of you are up to during your visits to the house, I certainly have my doubts about it.”
He raises the paper cup with Mycroft’s fine whiskey provocatively in a salute before moving it to his mouth, and as expected Mycroft turns in annoyance and leaves.
“You’re a bit on the downside regarding your weight and the smoking is certainly something I would strongly recommend you quit. But otherwise, as you told me, you seem perfectly healthy according to the limited ways I was able to examine you today. Next time will be more thorough of course but I’m not expecting to find anything unexpected then either. Quite frankly it makes me wonder why your brother insists on you having your own personal physician to check on you twice a week. It seems a bit...... unnecessary.”
Mycroft had already disappeared into the darkness without a reply and John let the rest of his sentence hang in the air as he rushed along  the long hall that stretched out in front of him, consisting of a row of doors, one of them hopefully revealing what he was looking for.
Then he walked over and sat down on a chair pushed to the wall, probably where he seated those he called into his office for reprimands. That was apparently as much privacy he was willing to offer. At least he made the pretence of not eavesdropping by picking up a newspaper and leafing through it, while John walked over to the desk.
He must have noticed something while there, triggering his suspicions regarding Sherlock not being what he had presented himself to be. Maybe Magnussen had  seen signs of the relationship with Dr Watson, even if Mycroft had difficulty believing his brother would allow such blatant display of evidence just lying about openly.
As it was now, he had to save all of that for later and make his friend presentable before heading out for the evening to the task that awaited him.
Dr Roylott stepped up to the head of the bed again and met his eyes, the smile still playing on his lips slightly. It was preferable to the full-blown grin, at least this didn’t make him look demented.
But there are other critical pieces still missing that he yet is unable to see, and he is beginning to tire of Mycroft trying to keep things from him, preventing him from getting a better view of events.
But just as he was about to consider that nothing more was going to happen at the moment, his eyes, having adjusted themselves to the darkness, noticed movement straight above his head.
Granted, it would gain him another companion he wasn’t very keen on sharing the space of his car with at the moment, but at least that person was much more preferable than the Dane.
"Oh, I'd say it's classic behaviour for someone hoping to end up with a happy result by end of the evening!"
A moment of silence followed while Mycroft waited for the other man to get to the point and be done with it. He was in no mood to explain his lack of manners or why he thought his greeting had actually been quite acceptable considering circumstances.
A look at his alarm clock on the bedtime table told him that it was time to go to bed properly if he wanted to have a sporting chance of staying on top of things in a couple of hours. There was after all no use staying up waiting for Sherlock as he had no idea of knowing when he would be back. He would come home when he was finished and John might just as well catch some well-deserved sleep in the meantime.
His fists tightened and Mycroft pursed his lips in displeasure, before he turned his back on the angered doctor and walked out of the room. His exit was more ominous than if he had slammed the door in his wake.
“Sherlock. His name is Sherlock. He prefers to be addressed by his first name and not Mr Holmes. So if you could abide to that rule....?”
Next to the fireplace, tilted against the wall was a firepoker that looked a little out of shape, like someone had tried bending it for some reason.
Used to dining alone whenever not doing it on account of his occupation, Mycroft had not even touched on the idea that others usually did not do so, and such a slip in judgement spoke volumes about the distress he felt about Sherlock’s disappearance.
At the same time, he has all these little segments that slots so nicely together if he choses to go down that road, and for the sake of Sherlock’s safety, he might have to.
“Pushed to the limit, I have began feeling the inclination to strike back and I think I might have reached the end of my patience when you decided to drug me just so you could run away on your own and indulge in whatever delusional ideas you nursed about coping better on your own. Such disobedience deserves a well-due lesson in good behaviour I think.”
“It can hardly have been a pleasant experience, though?” Mycroft insisted. “The eye-drops to make your pupils shrink, the pill that caused your heart rate to slow down, not to mention being injected with Narcan afterwards, throwing up all over the place, including my favourite pair of slippers. That’s a lot of theatrics even for someone like you.”
John couldn’t help but revel in the sense of relief that things were finally going to back to normal now. Or whatever constituted as normal in their household.
Studiously ignoring both Magnussen and Mycroft he brough the attention of a passing waiter who refilled his glass which he once again downed in one go and he could hear Mycroft sigh next to him as he asked for a third fill-up.
Because while Sherlock simultaneously showed signs of being brittle and almost physically weak at the moment, his mood was not consistent with the way his body showed signs of fatigue. In fact, he seemed to switch from appearing very happy, if that was actually a mood he was capable of having, to being edgy and restless and then downright depressed at times. For a person who normally suffered terrible mood swings to begin with it was telling that those seemed tame in comparison to the way he behaved now.
to see that matters the most after all.  So if that little gnome who shares Sherlock’s rent gets any ideas into that stupid little head of his, these are available to do the rounds for anyone interested in seeing them.”
“What the hell.....” he blurted out and at the sight of his surprised outburst Sherlock’s mouth twitched a little in amusement.
And Magnussen’s own main objection to the drugs was that they offered a risk of Sherlock actually succeeding in killing himself before they were done with him and he wasn’t about to let that happen just yet. Not until every ounce of that body had been completely sucked dry and left nothing but a broken shell in its place.
“With a man like Mr Marcus, the prognosis isn't very positive. Like I said, he is the most competent in his area of expertise that I have ever encountered. He also knows the consequences if he ever tried coming back from something like this....”
John who was seated in front of the telly, trying to focus on a decent documentary about the cold war, stared at him while processing this information.
addicts say. The incident this weekend was hardly your first time. Mycroft says you’ve been losing weight for a while now…”
Sherlock’s nostrils flared but he remained quiet. What he had been about to say remained unspoken, so Mycroft continued instead.
Magnussen gave him a cold stare but then turned his back to the other two in a show of privacy which seemed ludicrous considering where they were standing, in the middle of the rural countryside, darkness all around them, in front of the gates to the house of a man who might or might not have met with Sherlock this evening.
The detective inspector that employed Sherlock on at least a third of his cases, he saw it too, even if he had the good tact of not uttering a single word about it openly.
Sherlock had stopped walking now and was once again facing the black surface of the lake where a lonely mallard was swimming, occasionally dipping its head beneath the surface, searching for something edible.
Lestrade taps the photo over Sherlock’s tranquil face and then puts it inside the pocket of his coat.
Without any hesitance he jammed it straight into the younger man’s thigh and then watched for signs of a reaction. Unfortunately none came, the man had slipped into unconsciousness completely now and he was probably in need of another shot but there had only been one Epi-Pen in the case.
It was sheer luck that Sherlock, when it came to the subject of love, was so obtuse, however surprising as it was to use such a word when describing his little brother.
Because the first frame is of Mycroft hovering over Sherlock with his hand extended towards his wrist and the next one is that as well but with the hand not in the exact same position as previously.
But he was probably so used to getting his way, without any regard to decency, so the situation was most likely not as uncomfortable for him as it would have been for anyone normal, who didn’t show up at other people’s houses, demanding entrance like it was a the most natural thing in the world.
“If we continue, I’m not sure I’ll be able to stop,” John panted as Sherlock began tearing at his jumper to get him out of it while his own hands were moving across the endless planes of naked skin across the back and down to the firm bottom where he grabbed a handful, happy to finally be able to touch what had so far only been a dirty fantasy.
That thought hit him with the impact of a tidal wave every time his mind caught onto that fact and he rose from his position on the sofa to pour himself the last remnants of the wine bottle standing on the floor conveniently within his reach.
Then, as if having conveyed his message with a satisfying result, Victor suddenly tore his eyes away from John, pulled Sherlock up to his feet and pressed a firm, wet kiss on his mouth, a kiss not exactly reciprocated but not rebuked either
?” John asked incredulously, because a bloody bedroom with a half-naked Sherlock Holmes on top of a bed? Sherlock Holmes who was about to get married by the way and had the creepiest brother imaginable, and why did it feel like John’s mouth had suddenly gone very dry at the prospect of this?
Soundlessly the dressing gown fell to the floor as Sherlock rose and presented his back, as well as his delectable backside and John cursed internally.
“Backup is on its way. Just stay put and they’ll come and pick you up. I strongly advise you not to leave the house even if you consider the situation with Dr Roylott secure enough to leave him.”
“My occupation is not of any importance in this matter. What I’m about to propose to you is of a more personal nature, Dr Watson.”
As the man who played his doctor for pretence sake had been pestering him at all hours throughout the day with different tasks, Sherlock didn’t bother turning around but merely sneered at him to go away.
John pursed his lips into a thin line and narrowed his eyes at Sherlock who so clearly was doing his outmost to provoke him by appearing so casual about it all.
By the end of that night Magnussen was gone and Mycroft was free, but Sherlock was no longer breathing.
So when he heard a door open and then close, the voices disappearing, he took his chance and quickly made it down the stairs and then left through the front door, despite the risk of being seen through a window. He hoped Sherlock would be able to keep his fiancé occupied enough from looking out and after he had quietly pulled the front door shut behind him, he ran.
“Well, he said you were very reckless and often got yourself into a lot of trouble. Besides, when he and I had our little meeting we were both still under the illusion that you were in hospital on account of anaphylactic shock from a wasp sting. Since you won’t tell me the actual reason for your health scare yesterday I can’t tell you if the true circumstances are better or worse. For me as your physician it’s certainly worse to not know what caused that reaction.”
He seldom saw Stamford as he worked in a high-security area of the facility where you needed clearance to enter and John’s zone was separated from the actual lab by plenty of surveillance and locked doors that could only be entered with personalized key cards. But despite this, he thrived and began to consider this place to be the closest thing to a home he had had for a long time.
When he came back to Baker Street it was well past midnight but despite the late hour John realised that he wouldn’t be able to sleep as long as he hadn’t heard anything from Sherlock,.So instead he made himself a cup of tea, hesitated between opting for the tv or reading a book, but then decided that the book at least would make him more susceptible to any sounds coming from the front door.
“He is so very good at whetting a man’s appetite, showcasing that enviable body of his without giving away too much in the beginning, that little brother of yours. And while I eagerly await his next move, I have the pictures to keep me entertained in the meantime. “
“I’ll come to pick you up tomorrow morning. You will meet with your new doctor at nine. And do try to be grateful for his services, he seems like a sensible man. I’m certain you were too busy with your wasp sting to notice but if you give him some time I’m sure you can manage to tolerate his visits for the remaining months to come. Good night little brother, and do try to actually get some sleep tonight. We wouldn’t want his first assignment to be catching you as you faint from fatigue.”
“You’re the one who asked me to come in the first place, Mycroft. I could have enjoyed myself elsewhere as well, you know.”
Granted, I might have taken a thing or two to alleviate the feeling of despair after Magnussen’s nightly visits to my bed, but I’m no longer an addict, not like I was at Cambridge. At most I could be called an occasional user, but I haven’t taken anything recently and frankly I don’t see the need to do so either.
Victor was a loose cannon even under normal circumstances and probably even more so right now, John was not prepared to face the impact of that temper yet again if he could avoid it.
“That’s the problem. I have no idea what it is, but I have not been allowed to see him nor speak to him for days. I haven’t heard a single word since we parted ways after your dinner party. And it appears the doctor has removed himself from the scene quite unexpectedly as well.”
As he contemplated the person he had talked to mere weeks ago, it was baffling to realise how Victor’s unravelling had begun to pick up the pace now, as once there had been a somewhat distinguished young man, however full of hot airs, he had at least managed to conduct himself in an orderly fashion. Despicable to the bone but still fit to engage with in a respectable manner.
And granted, his own habit of comparing himself to Mycroft was not something other people would do if not faced with the two of them together, standing next to each other. But it was something Sherlock had always used as an inner measuring block when trying  to describe himself, since Mycroft had after all been the first person he had actively scrutinized as a child and still held as some sort of model of comparison out of sheer brotherly habit.
There was something ominous about the way he said it though that made John’s stomach clench uncomfortably. And for a second he wondered if Sherlock might be contemplating a real overdose if the plan actually did fail.
While pushing his way past the man in the doorway to head for Sherlock’s bedroom to see what sort of situation this is turning out to be, he barks over his shoulder at Mycroft, the barking indicating that he has gone into military mode now, as he tends to do when faced with what appears to be a threatening situation.
John couldn’t help but feel his hackles rise even further from this open display of arrogance on Mycroft’s part, it grated on his nerves to hear the man talk as if what he was saying was perfectly understandable to anyone with a brain. As if John was an idiot for believing that the plan he had been told to follow could possibly be enough.
As he made as how of slamming unnecessarily hard in the kitchen cupboards while trying to look for a clean mug to take his morning coffee in, John heard the front door banging shut downstairs.
That last question is clearly redundant because Mycroft wouldn’t be here if Sherlock was alright, but he can’t think of another way to get to the core of the issue without stating the obvious.
As he was sufficiently sure none of Magnussen’s men would be able to follow his tracks if ordered to do so, he went down the tube and disappeared among the other commuters and tourists that were cluttering up the trains and platforms, now slowing down enough to arrange his clothing more accurately.
Why was everyone one so insistent of tormenting him with sexual innuendos regarding his brother, innuendos he had no wish to take any part off?
It was ridiculous and bonkers most of the time and yet John would never ever want to return to the ordinary and often dull existence his life had been before they met. For him, crawling out of the rabbit hole was never goig to be an option.
“I’ve been told by several reliable sources that my people skills are quite appalling, so your observation is most likely accurate.”
But as of late, it felt like this ability had lost its power a little bit. Much on account of the weakness of them being in a relationship and what such a status provided regarding the blindness of feelings such as jealousy. Even if jealousy was such a base instinct, seldom based on logic and also an effect of the idea that a person was like a belonging, not meant to be shared with others, Mycroft could concede that it had managed to throw a wrench in the relationship between his brother and John on the topic of Magnussen.
Perhaps he didn’t consider Dr Watson to be a true rival. He most certainly didn’t look at him as a person of any importance. Despite his apparent displeasure earlier this evening, Magnussen didn’t make any complaints about the man now.
He had been picked up by Magnussen’s car as expected so Mycroft knew that the meeting had not been cancelled, but the question was if the doctor was going to succeed in his efforts to get invited to Magnussen’s home.
John licked his own lips to savour the lingering taste of the other man's mouth and felt his heart beating profoundly in his chest. My God how he wanted this to continue and by the looks of it, so did Sherlock. His pupils were huge as saucers.
He longed to sleep again, longed to revisit that other version that only came to him in his dreams, where everything turned out alright in the end and Sherlock was merely sleeping.
He had humiliated him of course, enjoyed him physically in every shape or form, but broken his spirit completely?
“He looks a bit different,” he comments, “sort of...I don’t know, carefree perhaps? Who took this? I don’t recall it.”
Then, as quickly as he had made his initial move of intimidation, Sherlock backed away from Mycroft who was still slumped in his chair, and turned his back on him.
“I’m told that all the time. Doesn’t change the fact that you love me. Now could you please get on with it, doctor?”
It took all of Sherlock’s efforts to supress the wave of repulsion he felt when Magnussen’s tongue made contact with his skin. He could feel the other man’s breath come out in small puffs of moist air while the structure of the tongue felt like a fat leach was sucking at his tender skin.
He walked a couple of steps along the shore, allowing his feet to come in contact with the cold water, sinking into the wet sand, as he made sure that Victor would be given enough time to disappear. Then he slowly began heading back up the hill towards the barrack once more.
Before any of the others could beat him to the biggest question mark of the story, him being seen with his shirt still open while walking away from Magnussen's flat, he declared that his hasty escape had been because Magnussen had simply behaved too ardently after seeing the exposure of naked skin.
“A compliment from the man who would rather drink poison than acknowledge that his little brother could be the one to finally crack our dilemma with Magnussen? That might actually deserve a toast.”
John became privy to some really weird anecdotes involving Sherlock and his shenanigans in connection to this place as well as the research facility, mainly concerning breaking into places where he had no reason to be.
“I always knew that little wanker would end up over his head in some mess, always came off as a right looney whenever I happened upon him.”
This might very well lead to complete disaster, but it could also prove to be the best adventure to be had since returning from Afghanistan, and even if a sense of doom lurked at the back of his head, he knew that he was far too tempted to turn down any further activities in the bedroom now that he knew what having Sherlock undone between his legs actually felt like.
The stalemate lasted well into the afternoon before he, as the older and more responsible brother, decided to swallow any pride he harboured and reach out by at least sending a message.
As previously stated by Dr Roylott himself, he had apparently done this before and knew how to deal with the aftermath, never raising any suspicion.
Magnussen was surely not such a great enigma once you stuck your teeth into him, but right now Sherlock didn’t know sufficiently about the man to tell all his secrets and therefore a quick search of his private office was a necessity. His internal clock was already ticking away, the woman downstairs had surely called security by now and they in turn had probably decided to call Magnussen, so he didn’t have much time.
Was Victor hammering in the fact that Sherlock was his and his alone on purpose just to cause John to react? Was he warning him off, telling him to keep his distance? Or was Victor simply bragging like an idiot about his ownership like a child with a new shiny bike in front of his fellow classmates. Without knowing the man better, it was difficult to tell.
Sherlock could feel his throat tightening while realising the implication, simultaneously trying to grasp how this could even be possible.
John had made it abundantly clear that there was not to be any real sexual transactions made between them and even if he had reluctantly acknowledged that there was probably going to be some sort of advance made from Magnussen, as had indeed been confirmed by Sherlock afterwards, he would not tolerate anything  beyond a hand on a thigh or a kiss on a cheek, all very wholesome and on the  right side of orderly.
Not exactly growing in intensity but still making itself known, poking at Mycroft’s senses whenever having anything to do with his brother, whether it was actually meeting him or merely thinking about him.
“I’m afraid we actually need to win this time or lose forever. We have run out of time as well as options. This is the last resort. If we fail, Magnussen will fiercely turn on us, there will be no more opportunities available for anyone of us.”
As there was now movement from the locked-up room, steps moving across the floor, soon followed by sounds behind the door, John quickly explained about the shirt button, and then a little more hesitantly about the fire poker, that particular clue he wasn’t sure was actually correct.
He wondered how this conversation would have gone if he had not been prepared for it in advance on account of Sherlock.
But the physician in him knows that it’s not the professional way to go about things, especially not with a person who probably could send him to a well-hidden Gulag in a forgotten part of the world, never to be heard from again.
It had been quite pleasing to realise that Sherlock had so easily decided to drop the case altogether. No more Magnussen, no more jealousy, no more Mycroft for a little while. They could go back to chasing the type of criminals they usually dealt with, maybe Lestrade had something exciting to offer them if no clients came knocking on their door.
“I’m hardly on “his back” as you so eloquently put it. In fact, I think I’m being surprisingly lenient towards him considering the fact that he gets paid to do a job that he can hardly bother to do properly.”
John did clearly have difficulties getting past the information about Magnussen having tried to get Sherlock to engage in sexual activities with him.  In fact, beyond that piece of information, he wasn’t interested in hearing the rest.
His eyes roamed the naked body looking for an entrance wound, searching for the flow of blood that needed to be stopped.
Their eyes locked for a second, neither willing to back down. But eventually Sherlock sighed and turned his gaze away.
He should have realised this as Sherlock seldom willingly sought him out, and after their rather agitated blow-up earlier today after Dr Watson had left, he had expected his brother to sulk in his room for at least a couple of days.
“They went to his home, and then to his office but everything was wiped clean and left empty, like he had never been there. Not a single trace of his existence left behind.”
This was not a romance after all, but a purely sexual arrangement and those did not include any activities outside of the bedroom.
The moon was almost full and the lawn outside as well as the path leading down the to lake were clearly visible in the dim light and yet it looked like no one was waiting for him as he passed through the door. There wasn’t a single person in sight.
Something pulled at his heartstrings for a brief second but just as quickly as that sensation had made itself known, it was gone again, tampered down by cold hard disbelief.
This person was not simply a man in love with a boyfriend from his past who now, for some unfathomable reason, had agreed to marry him, but he was also morbidly obsessed and every perceived threat, imaginary or real, was met with genuine hostility.
As they reached Mr Rudd’s office, the man grumpily showed him inside and then pointed at an old-fashioned landline telephone situated on his desk.
“Mr Magnussen, this is Dr John Watson, Dr Watson, meet Mr Charles Magnussen. Dr Watson is Sherlock’s flatmate and Mr Magnussen is....an acquaintance of mine." Both John as well as Magnussen gave him a dubious look at this description but Mycroft ignored it and continued unfaced. "As we are now all properly introduced, I suggest we make it to your helicopter, Mr Magnussen. Have you alerted your staff that we are coming?”
After a second's pause where his eyes closely looked at John, clearly sensing that something was off but unable to narrow it down to a conclusion, Mycroft continued.
As the very name of Charles Magnussen was now connected to all kinds of jealous resentment, it made him grit his teeth in even more bitter anger as he once again realised that there were few other options for Sherlock’s disappearance.
The thought about the man’s identity still lingered in his mind but no matter how he tried to ask Freddie about it, he got nothing but a shrug and some mumbled phrases of ignorance out of him.
“So, after having broken into my home at this early hour, care to inform me of the developments from last night? How did it go with Magnussen?”
But he also realised that the other man would not settle for simply touching a few body parts, despite their nakedness. There were further boundaries to be explored and broken
“So that plan of yours, want to take me through it? I believe we still have a few hours before morning is here, so spare no details and start filling me in,” he said.
As expected there was no reply to his dinner invitation and he waded through the debris cluttering the floor to make his way over to the desk were the homemade chemistry set as well as the microscope was taking up space.
“I‘ll spare you the details. It wouldn’t be prudent to tell a man what I would like to do with his little brother. But please tell him that it would please me to invite him to dinner. Tonight.”
“I’m a bit old-fashioned in that regard perhaps”, Victor droned on as he straightened himself up again, “but I do choose to look at marriage as a bond that can never be broken and I feel infinitely blessed to have Sherlock in particular bound to me for the rest of our lives. I could not have found a more perfect specimen of a man than Sherlock Holmes, the perfect combination of unique looks and staggering intelligence and there isn’t anything I wouldn’t do to keep him by my side forever. At  all cost.”
Feeling strangely formal for a second, as if they had not spent the past half an hour verbally sparring with each other, he extended his hand towards Sherlock as a parting gesture.
As he was lying as still as possible, even trying to breathe without moving a muscle, he saw how the snake made its way towards him and as it had landed so close to him, it didn’t take more than a few seconds before he felt the warm, somewhat dry texture of scales against his skin.
“Please save us both from the embarrassment of having to witness you denying the obvious. I have been suspecting for some time that there might have developed some......
A sound from downstairs caught Mycroft’s attention for a brief second, the sound of hasty steps and then a door slamming shut with force.
And when he, trough the camera installed in the bathroom of the Baker Street flat, one morning had spotted John panting Sherlock’s name while getting himself off in the shower, it had really sealed the deal for him.
“This is what I will do to you if you don’t immediately cease from pursuing the matter any further. Do whatever it is you need to do with Magnussen and be scorched by that fire eventually. But don’t so much as throw a glance in my direction from now on or I will
The room where he resided was bright white and sparsely furnished and he was splayed out on his back on a bed, still dressed in his own clothes, facing the grey skies of the day through a large window overlooking the view of a lake outside.
Then the room faded into darkness and just before he passed out he could hear his name being called, but to no avail, he was already too far gone.
“It is indeed interesting information and I’m sure there is more to it than what you’ve told me tonight. But I get the gist of it and it could be worth something I suppose.”
Mycroft had never figured out if Sherlock was aware of it, but certain instances in the past suggested it.
Magnussen was clearly pleased by the combination of entrapment that the handcuffs represented, as well as the fact that this was arranged for him like a present to unwrap. It was as if Sherlock had revealed just enough to indicate that he was willing to take a step further sexually but at the same time had rendered himself literary in the hands of Magnussen as he couldn’t use his own.
He scolded himself and with difficulty he diverted his eyes to turn his attention on the medical bag once again.
“I...well...”John began, not sure what to say, realising that he should perhaps have been more worried about Victor Trevor and the stolen gun than he actually had been.
As they walked over to the office, John wondered who was demanding his presence at this hour in the morning. He was about to meet Sherlock later tonight so surely not him. Besides, Sherlock wouldn’t be this blunt about it, especially not now when they were supposed to have fallen out.
John heard the door close behind his back and the feeling of being alone, trapped with a viper in close confinement suddenly struck him as he looked at Magnussen seated behind his desk, clearly in full control of the situation, raising the glass to his lips for a sip.
Sitting alone in a bedsit, as that was the only home his meagre army pension could possibly afford, he had contemplated ending it all with the service weapon he had omitted to turn in as he left the army, but sheer luck or fate, it there was such a thing, had decided to intervene in the unexpected shape of a former class mate from medical school named Mike Stamford who he had accidentally run into after a visit to his psychiatrist.
“What’s the real reason behind his resignation, Mycroft? You never even bothered telling me he had quit. I had to find out from the man himself.”
Sherlock had reacted badly to the taunt and had lashed out, trying to inflict some physical damage to the man, but all it had earned him was a gruesome retaliation the next time Magnussen came by.
He can’t bear the thought of never seeing Sherlock’s achingly familiar form ever again, however tortuous it sometimes felt to only be able to steal a glance or two without being allowed to reach out and touch.
“That’s part of it, yes. There is more to it of course, but nothing I feel the need to discuss with you or anyone else. All you need to know is that I won’t continue as his physician.”
But then he decided to relax and tell himself to stop being so suspicious. Assumingly Victor must have informed the host that he had invited John as a last-minute addition and as he was probably the only unknown guest here it wasn’t too difficult to guess his identity.
“How very.....unlike him.” Mycroft’s eyebrows were raised in surprise. “How come your medical bag was left behind? The whole purpose of your visits is connected to that bag, seems rather strange to have left it behind. Or were you perhaps distracted somehow?”
He realised that living with Sherlock must have rubbed off a little bit, because this was exactly the kind of detail Sherlock’s laser beam eyes would pick up on as well, details that were small and insignificant to most people but told the story of something at odds with how it should be.
“I’m very grateful for the time you take out of your......” the man nodded his head flippantly towards the glass partition and the work that was continuing on the floor below, “......probably
And he suddenly realised why Sherlock had tried bringing home the point of his bad acting skills. He couldn’t help but react out of instinct and if the description Magnussen had just given him hadn’t been so harshly voiced, he wasn’t sure he would have been able to react accordingly to such news without giving away that he knew they weren’t true.
Whatever his role in this might be, the man is clearly hiding something and even if it takes John an eternity to find out what it is, he is determined to get to the bottom of it.
This caused an uncomfortable churning at the bottom of his stomach just thinking about it, and this was hardly the place to address such an issue, and yet, there was a limit to what he was willing to endure.
For some reason, the news of Sherlock’s disappearance has not caught the media yet, not even Scotland Yard knows in any official capacity beyond the closest group of people, those working with Sherlock on a regular basis. Mycroft wants to keep it like that so it's probably his arrangement, afraid that any police involvement might spook Mr Marcus into doing something rash.
While it certainly felt like it went on forever it couldn’t not have been more than a minute or two before strong capable hands came to his aid, strapped an oxygen mask over the unconscious man’s face and then lifted him up on a stretcher that would take him to the waiting ambulance. He tried answering their questions to the best of his ability, most of them he did not know the answer to, but at least it kept him from keeling over from the sheer relief of their presence.
And with that Magnussen left and John stumbled out through the door, no longer caring about taking Victor’s car to drive him home. He would get a cab if necessary and pay the staggering amount required, as long as he could get the hell out of here.
He had never told John that he loved him or that he wanted things to continue after the wedding so what Sherlock really felt about anything was anyone’s guess.
The way the young man was dressed also went against the theory of this being an employee, no one worked in a crisp white shirt and dress pants when the risk of getting grease and dirt on your clothes was unavoidable. John put his own working clothes in the wash bin after each shift for that very same reason.
“Yes, how selfish of me to not think of others while suffering an overdose. I’ll try to be more considerate the next time.”
That part about someone else being charge of another person’s medical care sounded a bit unorthodox and for a second John contemplated asking if there was something in the patient’s medical history that warranted that his brother and future husband were the ones making the decisions. The young man had certainly been of age so why were others micromanaging his life?
Sure, he knows about Mycroft going well and beyond keeping an eye on Sherlock, the CCTV cameras, the agents that occasionally shadow them, the man’s own intrusive visits to the flat, it has always been a part of their existance.
“Quite so. Is it true that it is required to attend at least four events a year so as to show some pretence of interest?”
Mycroft had decided to make an interruption here as he felt that Sherlock was again going off topic. This had been about targeting Magnussen and even if it wasn’t a complete surprise that the man had some connections within the criminal classes, it had nothing to do with what they had been trying to achieve in regards to his blackmailing.
But as Sherlock had now been informed that things were unexpectedly speeding up and his presence was required, he felt the tingle of anticipation prickle his skin as he got dressed, doing his best to trample down the feeling of glee threatening to overwhelm his body at the thought of freedom perhaps finally being within reach.
He was thin-haired, his dark tresses as carefully arranged as they could possibly be for someone who didn’t have a lot to work with. It was difficult to tell how old he was as he had that sort of face where he must have looked beyond his years even as a young man, but most likely in his mid-thirties, perhaps even early forties. He had rather unremarkable features, looking like someone you would easily forget in a line up if ever confronted with him, a formidable nose but a soft chin with the tendency to become a double one if he tilted his head downwards just the slightest.
“She was right about that, it is a good colour on you. When my salary one day can afford to shop on Jermyn Street I’ll be sure to replace the ones I ruined.” John said, still enjoying the feeling of endorphins rushing through his blood stream, a feeling of drowsiness settling into his limbs now that their physical exertion was over and done with.
“And why would anyone be interested in breaking into your room to look through your things?” John couldn’t help but ask.
“Tasted it?!” John blurted out with rising horror, imagining Sherlock standing over one of those beakers from his chemistry set in that cluttered room of his, putting his tongue out to lick the liquid of a spatula dipped in his freshly produced experiment.
As he moved to discard the empty bottle, slumping down on the sofa quite heavily, his eyes caught something white lying on the floor beneath the coffee table.
John did once give it a try, one afternoon when Sherlock was out, just to get the feel of it, see what the fuss was all about, but it felt like intruding on something he wasn’t supposed to be doing and he didn’t stay seated long enough to really feel what it was like.
“I guess it’s a matter of taste,” he finally concluded and the man next to him nodded and turned his full attention on him.
He had unfortunately never done so, and as Mycroft certainly didn’t want to watch his brother being sexually abused on film, the job of going through the material had been delegated to his personal assistant, the woman John had met only few times since befriending the Holmes brothers.
that pointing a weapon on another person is very much illegal.” John heatedly replied as he felt his tension return simultaneously as his anger rose.
The loss of Sherlock is beginning to cause a physical ache in his chest that threatens to never go away and the need to see his friend again, if only for a second, to hear that he is alive, would be enough to calm John’s nerves, to prevent him from picking up his gun now and again, weighing it in his hand as he contemplates mercilessly shooting a person who so far is nothing more than a taunting shadow.
“Yes,” Mycroft’s tinny voice came out, a little distant. “I tracked down the driver of the car that met us at the gate earlier this evening. He was loitering about in the garage without a clue as to what his employer was up to on inside the house, or so he claimed. We'll need to look into that later. He very helpfully drove us to the helicopter. We just arrived and are boarding now. I assume you have your end of the situation under control seeing as you are able to phone me.”
With a shudder he slid down to the floor with his back against the wall, fingers still holding his phone tightly, and he closed his eyes while beginning to allow all the pent-up feelings that had been brewing inside of him ever since locating Sherlock now wash over him like a tidal wave, taking control of him like a physical force.
“I know,” he waived her off and after a minute of silent hesitation she was gone, both metaphorically as well as physically. If she slammed the door behind her he didn’t notice it.
The only common description seems to be that he looks non-descript, and considering that no one seems to recollect ever having met with the man, that seems about right.
There was always the option of reaching out to Mycroft of course, but even the omnipotent Government official had seemed to be at a loss.
The information that he was engaged to be married had been a bit disappointing though, even if John probably never would have decided to make a move towards a patient as long as he was working as his physician, he had some principles that he tended to stick to after all.
Mycroft thought of the vault and how the ruination of it might save a lot of people, himself included. If there was anyone able to locate it, it would be Sherlock, and Magnussen’s interest in him was a blessing in disguise that should be used.
Not wanting to tempt his chances by speaking too soon, he did as he was told and began walking towards the grove and then stopped promptly as he reached it, assuming that the reason for putting some distance to the barrack had been to prevent anyone from hearing them talk. They were also, and this was a more unsettling realisation to consider, too far off for anyone to help him out if he needed it.
Things were beginning to make a little more sense to Mycroft suddenly, especially as he now knew that Sherlock had been sent one of these photos as a threat yesterday.
John also recalled the bloodied tissue he had found in Sherlock’s room and yet another pang of regret hit him as he was reminded of how easily he had discarded it as insignificant, buying into Sherlock’s explanation. Well, technically he had told the truth that particular time, he had indeed suffered a nosebleed, he had just omitted to tell the reason for it.
Magnussen was simply testing the waters, to see how far he was willing to go and John was treading the slippery slope of not wanting to reveal too much too soon. He needed to be seen as knowing something of interest without giving it all away at the very first opportunity.
Come to think of it, the whole room, and most likely the rest of the house as well, reeked of some ancient nostalgia that seemed more sad than anything else and John wondered how anyone could prefer to live like this, recluse or not, when this time and age could offer so much more in way of comfort and modernisation. The light in the room was provided by bloody oil lamps and a roaring fire, for God’s sake!
Magnussen looked at Mycroft intently now, as if expecting him to come forth with an explanation for his brother’s non-appearance. When Mycroft realised that the other man wasn’t offering anything more, unless he made some kind of response, he supressed a sigh and clasped his hands together on the desk in front of him, like a principal addressing a student, patiently but with a hint of overbearing.
And realising the truthfulness in such a statement, there really wasn’t anything more for Mycroft to do about this situation right now, beyond swallowing this bitter pill and get on with the evening, hopefully locate Sherlock within a reasonable timeframe and then count the losses afterwards.
“It’s just a matter of semantics. Anyway, I would prefer to have Magnussen believe that I’m suffering quite badly from my addiction, preferably until we’re done with all of this. In fact, after tonight I’m planning to raise the stakes even more by pulling myself out of his reach entirely for a while. Officially only of course. You and I will still keep our plan going under the radar, but Magnussen and Victor will think that I’m permanently bedridden as of tomorrow.”
He could feel Mycroft’s penetrating stare and reached for his glass to ask for a refill when his eyes caught Magnussen looking at him as well.
Once he had ended the call with Dr Watson he dialled the number he knew would reach his brother and told him about the latest turn of events.
Despite the difficulty to discern his features more clearly, Victor Trevor had the look of someone a bit lost instead of frightening and vengeful.
John wondered how living a life where everything could be arranged with the snap of a finger would be like and how much it could shape a person if almost everything was so easily obtainable. But then he thought of Sherlock who certainly didn’t seem like a particularly happy person despite his seemingly privileged existence, if anything he seemed a bit lost, and John certainly didn’t envy him when he recalled that large soulless house and Mycroft’s cold glint in his eyes when addressing his brother.
His eyes quickly swivelled to Sherlock and worry tugged at his heartstrings at the sight, making him rush forward, almost knocking Mycroft over in his attempt to reach the unconscious form on the sofa.
Despite being a person who didn’t feel the need to resort to the killing of others unless strictly necessary, Mycroft actually looked forward to disposing of this particular creature and he could even find some comfort in the idea of sealing Victor’s fate by giving the order himself.
“So if I am to understand this correctly, you lot for some reason believe that this Sherlock Holmes character would be
Sherlock made a point of painting himself as the victim of some very unwanted attention and how he had decided to remove himself from the scene before something untoward happened. It was technically true, he had removed himself from further advances, it was simply his role as an innocent victim that was questionable.
He told himself that it most likely was on account of Sherlock being engaged, he had no true reason to hate the other man, he didn’t even know his name for God’s sake, and yet he couldn’t help but feel uncomfortable when he recalled what Mycroft had told him about the fiancé continuing to care for Sherlock’s welfare in a rather controlling fashion well beyond any normal concern from a spouse.
He wasn’t unpleasant looking per se, some people might even call him modestly good-looking with his tall, robust stature and you could tell that he was one of those people that had been handsome in their twenties but who’s features had hardened a bit over the years and created a coarser appearance. But most of all there was something about him that decidedly rubbed John the wrong way, even before he had known who he was standing in front of.
“Oh, it most certainly does! Having sex with a patient who I only met once before and who is also, very inconveniently getting married within a few months, that’s all kinds of bad.....I didn’t even complete the examination before we ended up in bed. What would your brother say if he knew about this?”
An errant curl down the detective’s forehead, the chewing of that plush lower lip, a lash fallen against those sharp cheek-bones. The mere memory creates a distracting tingling sensation in John’s abdomen and it certainly doesn’t improve by watching Sherlock in high-resolution on a big tv-screen.
“He was picked up by a car a little over an hour ago, nothing out of the ordinary really, most likely case related. We kept track of the car as long as it moved about the city area, it was just an ordinary car, not one of Magnussen’s. I can check if someone has some information regarding destination, Sir.”
He allowed himself to bask a little in their obvious attention but as expected, the person who elicited the most whispers, as well as some curious glances, was of course Sherlock.
Mycroft gave the frantic man in front of him a stern look but then yielded a little bit when he considered the circumstances.
There was a moment of hesitation from both sides of the door, calculations being made, assessment of the conundrum presented. The importance of the delivery versus the disruption of a situation that must have been strictly ordered to not be interrupted.
Good. Not that it mattered, an audience would not have made any difference, but this was after all for Magnussen’s benefit and it felt befitting that he was the only one witnessing this.
At the same second as someone picked up on the other end, his eyes suddenly zoomed in something that caught his attention – a small but swollen and very red mark on the side of the neck, visible to him now on account of the desperate clawing against it.
“Listen. As soon as the bastard who is you boss returns, I will be having some pretty strong words with him about this. But in the meantime, you will get the hell out of this room right now, not a sound, just scuttle off and I will be the one in charge of looking through the rest of the footage from now on!”
“That’s what my mother said. But I can’t help it that I miss him sometimes. You should have seen him, he looked like a proper gentleman, always dressed in a suit. Mind you, not one of those stuffy ones, but sexy and tight-fitting, probably bespoke even if I never got around to ask him about it. He looked like he had been poured into it, you know, suiting that fit body like a glove or something.”
“Because I don’t particularly like my own bedroom and you saw the state of my room upstairs. What would you have preferred, a romp in the salon, bent over the sofa?”
Still surprised by this sudden turn of events, John couldn’t come up with anything to do but follow Mycroft out the door, hurrying his steps to catch up.
“They are to be married soon enough; Victor is hardly just any random visitor. He should be allowed to see his future husband. Unless there is a reason to keep him away. Is it perhaps contagious?”
He felt a hunger that never could be satisfied by anyone else, Sherlock was everything he had ever wanted and he felt certain that he would never tire of the sight of the other man lying with his lips slightly parted, eyes closed as his long dark lashes rested against  his soft cheeks, vibrating with need for John to overpower him, devour him, give him release. The idea of Sherlock who ordinarily was such a proud and headstrong person giving himself so completely to John’s strong capable hands made his head spin with excitement every time. It felt like catching a thoroughbred horse and rein it in sufficiently to make it eat out of your hand, John still sometimes found himself thanking his lucky star over how things had turned out, although he never allowed the other man to see that he felt like this, instead he kept his domineering persona intact during their sexual acts and enjoyed deftly setting the tone when they had sex.
Sherlock had merely snorted at this, but not persisted by asking more questions for now. John was going to make sure that no more questions were going to be asked later either.
“There’s no label on the bottle. Is it some sort of exclusive brand that only comes in a limited stock from some fancy store where posh people buy their sex toys?”
John released his grip on the door handle and turned to face Magnussen, trying his best to still sound collected as he spoke.
Suddenly Dr Roylott looked equal parts anguished as well as panic stricken, and Magnussen narrowed his eyes.
“Well you allowed the man to throw you a dinner party in honour of your upcoming wedding and you also didn’t object to Victor slobbering all over you in front of everyone!”
Magnussen climbed the now open window, his phone pressed to his ear with one hand while the other held on to the windowpane to keep his balance.
John isn’t foolish enough to think that Mycroft is keeping up appearances on his account, most likely it’s just a coping mechanism, just as his own efforts at trying not to unravel when the situation begins to paint it’s ugly picture for them to brutally witness.
“Oh you did save my life, thank you for that by the way, but it was not caused by a wasp sting. And Mycroft obviously knows that, which is the reason for putting up this whole charade just to prove to me that he knows. He must have somehow figured it out after leaving the hospital, he certainly didn’t say anything about it last night.”
Combined with an appearance that drove John half mad just by looking at him, he knew why he had been this easily persuaded to join Sherlock in bed. And he had been happily rewarded when Sherlock not only turned out to be very versatile with his body but also had a talent for using his tongue, so if guilt was eating away at John's resolve it had still been worth it in the end when he recalled the image of himself buried balls deep into Sherlock’s pert arse, pounding away as if there would be no tomorrow while forcefully holding onto a shock of silky curls.
Mycroft didn’t have to wait too long before his phone alerted him to the fact that he would have the answer to whether or not John had succeeded in task or not, soon enough.
He tried several doors in his search for the bathroom but did not managed to find it, so instead he walked out on a balcony overlooking a small garden at the back of the house and without a second though he urinated over the railing while he felt the cool evening air hit him in the face with a sobering impact. The nausea did not fade away as easily though and he dry-heaved over the railing for a few minutes to get rid of the unpleasantness unfurling inside his abdomen.
But just like then he accepted the offered hand, shook it firmly before he drew Sherlock closer to himself and pressed a kiss to his knuckles while he searchingly looked into his eyes.
Anger surged through him as he stared at the faceless predator looming over the defenceless man on the bed and even if it wasn’t a direct portrait, John knew exactly why Magnussen had seemingly cherished the motif when they had last met in this room.
He realised that he needed for this meeting to wrap up quickly if he didn’t want to risk giving anything away under Magnussen’s analytical stare, the longer he stayed, the bigger chance that he would put his foot in his mouth somehow.
“Then you shouldn’t expect someone else to do it for you,” John pointed out, crossings his arms over his chest resolutely.
“Maybe he did, I don’t know. If he says that he did, it is probably true, whatever else I might think of him he isn’t a liar. Delusional yes, but a liar? No. To me at least he was a friend in the beginning and the novelty of having one for the very first time after many years of loneliness was both exciting, joyous but also very frightening, because I never knew why he wanted my company when so many others had turned down that opportunity over the years.
Meanwhile Sherlock continued to explore his cock with his eager tongue, swirling it around the glands, lapping up the precum that leaked from the slit before it returned to move up and down the shaft with increasing pace as John panted heavily on top of him, his grip around Sherlock’s curls tightening from pleasure.
Despite these thoughts swirling inside his head, outwardly John’s face remained blank though. No use panicking before he had more facts.
His drawl was smooth and decidedly posh and John instinctively did not want to be seated in that uncomfortable looking chair like some sort of grateful servant in front of a master, so he merely shook his head.
“Wonder what the fiancé is going to say? Hard to believe there is going to be a wedding in a couple of weeks when things like this are happening.”
This was like taking several steps back in time, to a more gauche era of interior design.  There was an even a cord hanging from the ceiling, used to call for the attention of servants. He wondered if the house harboured any of them or if Dr Roylott resided here alone like some desolate spectre.
Another gasp of pain and then the soft rustle of dried grass as the other man’s knees made impact when they dropped down in front of him to the ground while John continued to hold the arm in a firm grip, unwilling to let go, still breathing heavily from his outburst.
But after having spent so much time in the man’s presence today Mycroft couldn’t bare the thought of reaching out to check on him, exposing himself to another bout of craziness and melodrama, so he decided to let sleeping dogs rest for  now and seated himself in front of the fireplace, book in hand to patiently await further news from his brother or the doctor.
The realisation of this makes his blood boil as he considers the invasion of privacy that has been breached without him having so much as a clue.
Suddenly they came to a halt in front of one of the endless white-painted doors on the bottom floor corridor and from a pocket in his dressing gown Sherlock produced a key and unlocked it.
Another hard smack across the other cheek and this time the nose somehow got involved with the blow and blood began to trickle down from one of the nostrils. Where his hand had landed on the first cheek, a swelling was already developing, beginning to create a magnificent bruise.
Englishmen in general were such a naive group of people, relying on idiotic conventions like sportsmanship and respect for those in charge. In his own opinion, life was never about playing things fair, it was all about what could be taken from others to strengthen your own position. His more calculating way of looking at things had helped him over the years dealing with these British cretins.
The girl almost tripped over her shoes hurrying out of the room and he felt something twitch in his face at the sigh to of it. These insignificant little people with their funny ways of conducting themselves, like helpless worms ready to be devoured by a hungry crow, he though before he finally decided to pick up his phone and answer it.
In his opinion, that was actually the worst part about this, the inability to hide. Physical intrusions were often more or less endurable, his body was nothing but transport after all, but to know that he was being watched without the power to do anything about it was what truly galled him.
But instead of asking anything straight out that might cause himself any embarrassment he changed topics and raised the hand that was holding the medical bag.
This means that the file has been tampered with, which immediately sets John’s alarm bells ringing loudly.
“Every new, above average criminal we have encountered is always a new level of expertise. It doesn’t mean that they are better than Sherlock in the long run. Or
She wasn’t completely wrong on that account but not for the reasons she assumed. Harry had been openly gay since the age of thirteen and was by now so deeply buried in alcoholism that finding anyone willing to date her would be inconceivable.
“No, what I’m saying is that Magnussen is toothless as long as people don’t provide him with fodder in the first place. This new player causes havoc regardless of other people and their insignificant secrets. He’s quite fascinating. And far more dangerous.”
“What do you suppose Holmes will say if word reaches him that his brother is socializing with someone like Magnussen?” a man named Pemberton said.
It was the painting he had caught John Watson studying during the dinner party, never recognising the significance of what it portrayed. Well, hardly surprising, Magnussen hadn’t asked for an identical resemblance after all, it would have been a bit too garish even for him, but both Sherlock as well as Mycroft had realised what it depicted when seeing it.
And what a delectable piece of vulnerability it had turned out to be, Magnussen could feel his mouth salivating at the mere thought of it.
He wondered if he should somehow force Sherlock to see the impact of his thoughtless actions more firmly. As children their father had been quite keen on using a cane when wishing to make his point come across effectively, but Mycroft had never been particularly keen on straining himself with physical exertion. Besides, his own canes were too expensive to use on such a menial task as to reprimand his brother who would no doubt fail to learn his lesson anyway.
He frowned for a second but then he suddenly recalled those old track marks on the inside of Sherlock’s arms as well as Mycroft’s mention of drugs in Sherlock’s past and realisation hit him like the blow of a sledgehammer.
Mycroft wondered if it was Dr Watson or someone from the medical team that had caused the bruises. The doctor had seemed calm enough in Mycroft’s presence even during such unusual circumstances, danger apparently made him stoic for some reason, so likely this was the cause of some slightly inexperienced staff member from the ambulance or from the hospital.
The impact of that realisation gutted him and he turned his head away from the ruined painting to prevent himself from even further reminders.
Less than a minute later they are out of the flat, climbing into the black car Mycroft has at his disposal and they’re off.
“This is what I can promise you. Don’t force me to make pledges that I won’t be able keep. Whatever you might think of my brother, there are still things that I have no control over, and he will do as he sees fit.
needs to act his own part for that to happen. So why the bloody hell isn’t Mycroft sticking to the script as well this time?
But Magnussen had been around long enough to know that everyone had their pressure point ready to be used in a downfall. And deliciously unpredictable Sherlock was just the perfect candidate to help with this particular achievement.
The urge to wipe it out by punching a fist straight into the other man’s taunting face was becoming overwhelming and he felt his hands tingling at the prospect.
“I unfortunately didn’t get the opportunity to look for any vault. He hardly let me out of his sight, it would simply not have been achievable. Mr Magnussen only had one thing on his mind once we got to his place and it was rather difficult to steer him in another direction when his hopes had been risen. But lucky for me, there was someone else waiting for him as we entered his flat.”
Stubbornly Mycroft had always assumed that his little brother would grow out of it eventually, as he had with his pirate phase, or his short-lived career as a pickpocket, but unfortunately it had never happened.
John’s voice had grown decidedly angrier with each step he took away from Sherlock, slamming the vial of homemade lubricant on top of a crate pushed into a corner of the room, quite forcefully.
“That’s not what you use it for,” John whispered, as he felt his cock twitch at the mention of his former army title being used by the man he loved.
You’ve watched too many Bond-movies, he scolded himself and then stepped down the stairs until he reached the bottom and was faced with the before-mentioned door, indeed adorned by a bright red light that after a moment’s wait turned green.
There was no use speculating without hearing from Sherlock himself what he had to say on the matter, John could continue to drive himself around the bend for hours on end if he kept this up, but to no avail as the person who held all of the answers wasn’t here to enlighten him of the state of the situation.
A smile broke out and completely changed Sherlock’s otherwise usually hard and angled features. It made him look like a little boy for a second, as if someone else was momentarily in possession of his face. It was rare that Sherlock actually smiled a genuine smile, he usually rather smirked or made one of those sardonic grins that made him seem world-weary well beyond his years.
He took the outstretched hand and got to his feet, feeling a bit wobbly at first but then he managed to straighten his posture and as they walked back inside he felt the previous rush of adrenalin subsiding inside his veins and his ragged breath return to normal. He had forgot that his hands were still dirty and didn’t notice it until he sat down for lunch thirty minutes later, thoughts still reeling from his unexpected experience.
But feelings could not to be ruled over, not even by someone like Mycroft with all his infinite influence and power, and no matter how good John looked on paper, Mycroft couldn’t help but resent the man for having caught Sherlock’s fancy to such an extent that he was willing to share a huge part of his life with him, in almost every aspect except the romantic one.
The building where the media mogul resided was, as would be expected, a towering construction with a rotating sign at the roof top with the letters CAM announcing to the world who the owner of this corporation was, all in line with how John had remembered his home to be, the very opposite of Mycroft’s humble discretion regarding details and the wish to remain anonymous.
“Well, wherever your clothes are bought from I’m sure there are too many zeroes on the prize tag for me to afford shopping there.”
As predicted, sentiment had the galling habit of raising its pathetic head when the other man, by the end of the call, had asked about Sherlock, how he was doing, despite most likely realising the stupidity of such a question as there was nothing truly wrong with Sherlock.
would be able to do a better job. He’s clearly being very lazy about them. Or stupid if he doesn’t think that I’ll notice that he’s copied a lot of the numbers from previous reports into the new ones. It’s not actually possible for a person to have the exact same blood pressure and pulse five times in a row.”
No less than an hour after Victor had spoken to Mycroft, enemy number two had made the expected phone call as well.
The years had gone by and nothing had changed. Mycroft’s feelings had never diminished or changed in nature despite never getting any sort of nurture or opportunity to develop. Quite the contrary, he had tried quenching them, the urges, and outwardly he thought he made a rather good job of it.
He has always been a man of action rather than sitting still in a chair, going through a vast amount of evidence. How Lestrade manages to do it on a daily basis without succumbing to boredom has always been a puzzle to him.
“I really don’t understand what the secrecy is all about, what exactly are you hiding in that research facility of yours, Mycroft? Afraid that I might uncover you to be in charge of some sordid business that won’t stand the light of exposure?”
But it wasn’t the make-shift doctor that was standing by the doorway and Sherlock’s scathing comment immediately faded, his eyes widening in disbelief.
“You needed to tell me, for me to understand what you were dealing with. Why you acted the way you did. Don’t blame yourself any more than you already are.”
John had no idea what his name was, they had never bothered to exchange any words before, but John always had the distinct feeling that the driver perhaps wasn’t simply a driver, but had been given this particular assignment the moment John had agreed to be Sherlock’s physician.
Sherlock’s tongue glided along the underside of his shaft while John pushed his head up and down by the grip of his hair, staring into the young man’s beautiful features as he sucked his cock with eager movements.
Joh still stared with bafflement at the sleek, black and most likely very expensive model sitting in the teacup.
The man’s lips were beginning to turn blue while his whole body trembled and swiftly John took one of the slender wrists in his hand to feel for a pulse. It was slightly elevated if not dangerously so and while John still felt unsure of what this situation actually was all about, he automatically switched to his medical persona and began performing CPR.
“We still don’t really know what happened here tonight, only that Sherlock must have been here at one point and most likely ended up in a physical fight that resulted in his button being ripped off.”
This gesture earned him the other man’s full attention once more, and while enjoying that sensation the way he had always done, ever since first meeting John Watson, he marvelled at how real John’s hand felt like.
As I was the one who put us in this situation to begin with, it might serve me right that I remain chained to Victor for the rest of my life. Better than going to prison, I think. Infinitely better than Mycroft going to prison, he wouldn’t survive a day.
Sherlock felt no moral ambiguities when it came to anything, morals and good manners where for simpletons and boring people.
Especially in the beginning he quickly forgot that this was an arrangement that wouldn’t last very long, and he craved Sherlock’s company far more than he had at first anticipated.
It had been difficult to come up with a plausible explanation for why Sherlock had possibly gone off in a car sent by a guest he had only met very briefly at Magnussen’s flat, but apparently Magnussen wasn’t as puzzled by this as Mycroft had first assumed.
While swiftly passing the large window facing the park outside, keeping his distance from Dr Roylott’s waving fists, a distorted face had suddenly been staring at him from the other side of the glass, mouth wide open, baring a pair of frightful fangs.
It was clear that Stamford did not believe him but at least he didn’t challenge John with his doubts. Instead he only nodded and then began to turn, seeing as his colleagues had headed off in the direction of the lab.
The sentence for treason is life in prison and even if we somehow could have managed to convince a judge that it was all a terrible mistake made on account of young age, stupidity and under influence of substance abuse, a maximum penalty would not be a surprising outcome, 25 years perhaps, if not more. I would rather sit in a prison with Victor as my jailor than rot away, knowing that I not only managed to ruin my own life but Mycroft’s as well. Victor I can handle. I detest him but I can handle him. It’s Magnussen that I truly can’t stomach.”
The figure by the door stepped out from the shadows where he had been lurking, silently closing the door behind his back before he made his way over to the old Chesterfield armchair by the fireplace, one of the few items in the house that had been hand-picked by Mycroft himself.
John narrowed his eyes for a second before he made a charging movement towards Sherlock who nimbly danced away.
“Just promise me that you’ll be careful,” he said, “In the meantime, I suppose I will need to deal with Victor and Magnussen again. News have reached Magnussen’s ears that John Watson is no longer working for us, and also that he is very angry and resentful over how he’s been treated. Magnussen needs to be tempted to reach out to him. Soon.”
“Very well then, if you say so. You should know after all, tending to his health as observantly as you do. Good night, Dr Watson. It was enlightening to make your acquaintance.”
He thought about ending up as another number in the statistics of missing people who never were seen or heard of again. And without being around himself, who would be able to solve it?
Another odd thing that he never received a satisfying answer to, was why they could fuck in every bloody room of the house except for Sherlock’s bedroom. But whenever he raised the question Sherlock always managed to divert him, once even claiming that having sex in a bedroom was too pedestrian when there were so many other more interesting options to choose from.
Sherlock grabbed John’s notebook and pen off the coffee table—eliciting an annoyed “Hey!” from John—and flipped to a blank page, where he started writing down names.
“Perhaps not right this minute, no,” admitted Sherlock, straightening up as much as possible with the beam at his back keeping him upright. “I just need time.”
“You had no way to know how he’d take it,” said John sympathetically, wishing it wouldn’t be potentially fatal to pat Sherlock on the shoulder or hug him or try to do something reassuring. “You couldn’t have known.”
Sherlock spun about and glared down at his brother. “I’d have thought you’d have wheedled the answer to that particular question out of John by now. You had plenty of time on the drive here.”
Jeff Hope, the cab driver, opened his eyes, and took in his surroundings in one sweeping look. He caught sight of Sherlock and frowned. “Sherlock Holmes?”
When they returned to the surveillance room the next day (Mycroft again meeting them in the lobby and escorting them through the many doors and security checkpoints), the only noticeable difference was the number of people moving around the hallways. Before, it had only been the three of them and a handful of security personnel; now, there was Mycroft’s secretary, and other secretaries, and a handful of intimidating-looking men and women milling about the door to the room housing Moran. When they entered, the surveillance station had been improved, and a member of Mycroft’s security detail was monitoring the video feed.
She had been standing in the room sometime during the night. With trembling fingers she had held the phone up to her ear.
"Of course," said Watson. "It's - extraordinary, it really is. It's like you were there. Like you saw the whole bloody thing."
do something—something as small as a reassuring touch on the arm—just to offer him some kind of ballast. One of those well-intentioned, simple,
“We’re sorry for your loss,” said John quietly, speaking for the first time since they had all sat down. “For what happened to your brother.”
,” said Sherlock emphatically, and he quickly scooped it up before John could accidentally see whatever the hell Lestrade was babbling on about now.
“Quite possible,” came Sherlock’s voice, though he had no idea how it was working so normally without him when his mind was racing far away and far ahead. “A note isn’t much to go on. No concrete evidence of wrongdoing in six simple sentences. There’s more to look at. We should go searching—tomorrow, I think. I ought to mull this one over a bit first. Perhaps there’s a hidden clue in the wording.”
This was why they were here. So that a man could die and Sherlock could bring him back. Hadn’t Shan told him, weeks ago?
“There’s more we should talk about,” said Mycroft a moment later. “Regarding Moriarty. If you’d like to discuss it.”
Young Sherlock vowed to keep the strange truth about his strange Gift a secret from the world forever.
“Hang on,” said John suddenly. “You had me call Lestrade to send Amberley all the way to Essex so you could break into his house?”
When the cab finally pulled up on the street outside the hospital, Sherlock quickly paid his fare, got out, and stalked away. In the time it had taken him to get to Bart’s, Lestrade had sent one additional text message, telling him again to meet the policeman at the morgue immediately. Sherlock’s reply—consisting of “Fine. –SH”—earned no further correspondence.
John nodded. “I can do that. And for what it’s worth—I think he will. Maybe not yet. But I think he will.”
“… There is that,” he said slowly. He steepled his fingers, the gentle thrum of thought whirring in the back of his mind becoming a little faster. “Which means, whoever it was that was hoping to remove your body that night will be wondering who got there first. This will confuse them. They’ll be focusing on the police and the government in their efforts to find out what has transpired. They won’t be looking in any of the right places. They’ll have to be careful, now, thinking the police are on to them. Or that this is a threat from within. They might get cowardly, or they might get stupid.” Sherlock rubbed his hands together. “Nine times out of ten, they get stupid.”
alert Moran to the general strokes of the escape plan. The explosive detonates, the compromised employee releases Moran during the chaos, and then Moran kills them for good measure before he scampers off. Would you call that an accurate summary?”
John set his bag down next to the door, and stepped inside. He looked around the rooms, taking it all in, and didn’t say anything until Sherlock said from the kitchen, “Do you mind shutting the door? I’d rather not have my landlady wander through asking about the noise and complaining about her hip again.”
“You are,” said Soo Lin. “Shan did, when she was alive. She spoke with him both remotely as well as in person, though I do not believe she met him more than a handful of times. Whatever the communication method, she relayed his orders to us. Since she died, we have gotten our instructions more discreetly, through another.”
He’d suspect it was all a lie, and he would believe that the lie threatened Sherlock’s career, reputation, and—maybe, to someone who had no idea of the truth—his life.
Mycroft and John both turned their heads to look at him, and Sherlock was gratified to see that this had brought a small smile to John’s face.
"Uh," said Watson again, which was enough for Sherlock to roll his eyes agitatedly, but then Watson seemed to grasp the urgency of the situation. Sitting up very straight, he summed up what he could remember from the instant before his death.
Mycroft took Sherlock’s place in front of John. He extended an uncertain hand to John, who paused before he grasped it and pulled himself up to his feet. “What happened, exactly? How serious is this?” Mycroft asked, his tone quiet but sharp.
YOU KNOW YOU’RE DOING GOOD WORK WHEN PEOPLE WHO WERE RECENTLY TRYING TO KILL YOU ARE COMING TO YOU FOR HELP
“No.” Sherlock scowled. “It’s arguably dangerous, and the fact that you and Moran are ‘acquainted’ on some level is unlikely to change anything about his attitude or willingness to offer any information.”
“Still not learned your lesson?” asked the man, fists clenching. Definitely a London native. Lots of travel. Left-handed. A twinge of fear in his eyes every time he said ‘employer’. So, a recent recruit of some kind. Not trained in combat. Just an easily-intimidated, greedy moron.
Sherlock sighed. "I'd hardly be worth your time otherwise. But you need me, and you know it. If you want a thoughtless dimwit, discuss this matter of so-called 'national security' with your forensic technician."
Sherlock jerked a knee hard into someone’s stomach, but then hands were grabbing at his arms. A fist—from where, he wasn’t even sure—connected with his face. Wiry arms looped around his and hauled him backwards down the stairs.
“I don’t know what game you’re playing, but no piece like this would get into London through anyone other than me,” said Gruner, and Sherlock thought he looked almost manic all of a sudden. “Tell me how you got it. The truth.”
He suspected that was why Sherlock had given him the task in the first place. John wasn’t any better or worse than anyone else who could keep watch for trouble, but it made John feel a little better about the situation, so it was worth whatever risk it brought.
“And then…” John said, having reached Moriarty’s entrance, but he hesitated. He glanced at Sherlock, who hadn’t moved or spoken since John had started talking. He was just leaning against the wall at the foot of the main staircase, eyes narrowed and looking at nothing. Sherlock didn’t speak when John paused, and so John finished, rather lamely, “And then Moriarty turned up. And he and Sherlock talked, and then Moriarty just – left, and… let us go.”
were to hear of this in the news, without being told personally beforehand, the consequences could be unthinkable. But, perhaps, with explanation, he would be – merciful.
When Molly had left (giving him a timid wave as she drove away), Sherlock dug in his pocket and lit a cigarette. He leaned against the doors for several minute, taking long drags and expelling the smoky air from his lungs in discontented sighs. The night draped over the city like a heavy blanket and wrapped the solitary Detective in shadows, the glowing ember at the end of his cigarette illuminating his face in brief flashes.
“You don’t think it’s—“ Amberley started to say, but John ignored him and crept down the hallway towards the strongroom ahead of them. He wished more than anything that he’d brought his gun, but he had a feeling nagging at the back of his mind that he knew what to expect. He went to the strongroom door, behind which faint noises could be heard.
Trying to speed things up a little in this chapter. Bit more decision-making than usual. The pace of this story is finally beginning to pick up a little.
Their conversation was interrupted when the cab finally pulled up to the hospital’s visitor entrance. They got out, paid the fare, and passed through the sliding glass doors into the lobby. Sherlock hung back and let John take the lead talking to one of the nurses managing the front desk to get information and directions to Soo Lin’s room. He’d decided that it was (probably) relatively safe for John to be seen around the hospital again, as long as details of identity were kept to a relative minimum. And he had long since recognized that John’s mood was always best when he felt he was doing something—even something as small as asking someone for a hospital room number.
A moment later, John reentered the room with all the screens to rejoin Sherlock and Mycroft, a few of Mycroft’s many employees at his heels.
tenants, and it meant a lot. For John, who only had his sister left (his mother had died when he was young, and his father several years later), it was an unexpectedly welcome presence. And John could imagine that for Sherlock—who had disconnected from his family by choice—the existence of someone to keep a motherly eye on him was something that he didn’t consciously know he was thankful for. That seemed to be Sherlock’s general mode of being, as far as John could tell. Ignorant of how something made him feel until someone expressly pointed it out—and then, it seemed to surprise the Detective that he had feelings as much as it surprised everyone else.
“Civil?” repeated Sherlock, voice taking on a tone of bitter amusement. “You’re going to give me lessons in etiquette? This from the man who has no qualms about casually spying on everyone else just for the sake of being a di—“
John let out a sigh, as Sherlock and Mycroft once again exchanged matching glares. After a long pause, he let out a second sigh, and squared his shoulders. “… Okay. So – so if I’m talking to Moran, what
“Oh.” John had completely forgotten about the car. He glanced out the window at the sedan he and Sherlock had taken from Mycroft. It was still parked at a lopsided angle, with one wheel up on the sidewalk, as Sherlock had left it the day before. “Oh right.”
John, however, was something of an anomaly, in most things. Maybe he’d be reasonably less annoying to deal with.
Sherlock dropped the shock blanket in the back of the ambulance. “Fine. As long as you can assure me you aren’t going to be stupid about it and die.”
And John couldn’t shake that it was his fault that Mycroft had found out like this in the first place. He didn’t know what he could have done, or what he could have said, to spare Sherlock this kind of heartbreak. But surely he could have done something. He had to do
But a hand touched his shoulder to turn him back around, and Sherlock—so used to avoiding every form of contact after decades of knowing exactly what his touch could do—automatically flinched away, glaring with narrowed eyes. “For God’s sake,
John and the other medics walked quickly, single-file, into the building through the door, each bringing equipment in bags under their arms. They didn’t waste time, getting to work on the injured lying on cots and rugs around the room, while available translators around the room helped reassure family members and explain complaints.
Sherlock strode into a hall next to the kitchen and opened a door to reveal a small linen closet. “Help yourself. And help yourself to whatever you want for tea.”
Sherlock’s feet connected with the knees of the man attacking him, sending the man flying, and Sherlock rolled away and to his feet just as his opponent smacked the pavement with a grunt of pain.
“Because, like an idiot, you ate an entire package of ginger nuts about two minutes after I called to order takeaway. You can run through things again while I’m eating.”
Lying in the dark, his nose a few centimeters from the lid of a coffin, he was inclined to think it was a
And Sherlock stared, frozen, broken. Both hands dropped pointlessly to his side, the fingers of his right hand barely maintaining their grip on John’s gun.
Mycroft nodded. “Until we can find a more secure facility. I wanted him somewhere more monitored than a standard holding cell. Our security staff undergo a higher level of screening.”
Not to mention, it was a hazard. After all, a cab dropping him off somewhere might remember they’d seen him. It was bringing in another human element to the ‘heist’ he was about to pull, and if Sherlock knew one thing without a doubt, it was that the more people were involved in something, the more doomed the affair became.
“More exciting than urgent.” Sherlock held up a little scrap of paper for John to see. The numbers John had photographed were copied onto it, with the numerical translation and the associated word beneath each one. “I translated it on the ride here. It says ‘after closing today’. So she must either have the information we need or be expecting to have it by the end of the day. Either way, we’ll know in a few hours.”
“Do you think Moriarty has someone else in his web who’s meant to step into Moran’s place, if Moran is locked up now?”
John’s first priority after he’d settled in upstairs was to attend to his shoulder. The sight of the open wound was getting more and more disconcerting with time. Perhaps, he reasoned, closing it up would ease his mind.
I'm hoping to update this on Mondays as often as I can (little tricky with school and thesis-writing, but I'm nothing if not determined XD). Thanks for sticking with me thus far! I hope this gets better and better as it gets rolling!
Soo Lin took a breath, and met Sherlock’s gaze. “I will not burden you with details about how my brother and I came to be part of the Tong, Mr. Holmes, but you may readily infer that our childhood was not a happy one. Or an easy one. The Black Lotus, and their former leader—the one we called Shan—offered us a means of staying alive, and we took it. When we were young, we smuggled thousands of pounds’ worth of drugs into Hong Kong from China. But when Shan partnered with…” She trailed off a moment, looking nervously at the curtained windows, and it seemed to Sherlock that she was afraid to speak of Moriarty by name. Shan had been the same, he remembered. Maybe it was a sign of respect. Or fear. Or both. Sure enough, when Soo Lin continued, she rephrased the sentence to avoid the name, instead saying, “Shan was given an offer, to smuggle antiques instead of drugs, with bases in China and in London. I came to London, while my brother stayed by Shan wherever she went, here or there. He was her puppet by then.”
The Detective had never liked hospitals. Doctors and nurses—no offense to John—too frequently ignored the most obvious of deductions and missed what mattered. They were idiots, all of them, and treated their patients like the biggest idiots of all. Beyond that, he was perfectly at home in a morgue, where the dead were decidedly so, unless he brought them back. There was an atmosphere of control. Hospitals weren’t like that. The Detective saw a lot of dead people in his life, but he hadn’t really seen many die. At least, not the first time.
Mycroft made his way along a hall, and entered one of the rooms. John followed, and shut the door after them after a final glance at the hall.
Sorry for the late update, everyone - real life got in the way, through work and health and family stuff. That said, things are getting back on the right track and hopefully this will be the last interruption for a good long while. Fingers crossed, anyway!
Sherlock drove, quickly and rather dangerously, speeding through intersections and weaving to and fro to avoid holdups whenever possible.
Sherlock heard more approaching footsteps. Three—no, four attackers, including the old woman. All light tread. Careful. Cautious. Measured.
There was the sound of a door closing downstairs, and quiet voices as John and Mrs. Hudson continued to talk in the hallway on the floor below. Lestrade’s car engine started and drove away.
“… and he knows the risks. Which are already unlikely, and probably nothing to worry about. Besides, and perhaps most importantly of all, Moran is
“I mean, these Moriarty people or person or whatever must be intelligent, to think of this sort of distraction. And to be able to hide an entire terrorist underground in London.”
To make up for past delays and likely future ones as finals approach, this update is (accidentally, I admit) the longest chapter to date by quite a bit. Whoops.
Moran left the building, it makes more sense to establish how the hell he got out in the first place. Want to fill us in, Mycroft?”
Lestrade put his hands on his hips like Sherlock was an errant child about to get a scolding. “You’re a mess, Sherlock. I mean it,
Sherlock frowned in surprise. He wouldn’t have guessed that this was the upsetting part. “Semi-immortal. I say semi, but—“
In Baritsu, there were three main goals: to disturb the equilibrium of the assailant, to surprise them before they found the time to regain their balance, and to win by subjecting joints in the opponent’s body to strains that they were anatomically and mechanically unable to resist. All this was done by using agility and intelligence rather than strength—drawing on skills established by taekwondo of Korea, the judo and karate of Japan, and the boxing style of the United Kingdom’s fighters—so that defeat looked effortless. Strength was a luxury. Baritsu was a form of self-defense devised by gentlemen, for gentlemen, who wanted to thump would-be robbers with their canes and continue their saunter home from the club. Young Sherlock thought it could be easily enough applied to his own situation.
Young Sherlock, for his part, picked up his book and dusted off the cover. He looked down at his would-be tormenter, and wiped his nose on the back of his sleeve. “Are we clear?” he said coolly.
Lestrade nodded. “He came to ask about John. Who he was, where he came from, what his involvement is with you, you know. All of it.”
“This is why I like experiments better than people,” said Sherlock grumpily to no one in particular, before he slipped back outside and onto the streets of London.
“That’s a start,” said John. “Not to mention Molly can help if there’s anything chemical, or you can go to Bart’s yourself if you feel like getting out. Lestrade will back you up, if you need to interview anyone.”
John took a deep breath and sank back in his chair, waiting and watching the doors in case there was any word about Soo Lin.
John was standing on Shan’s other side. He crouched down, actively avoiding looking directly at Shan. “Don’t overthink it. At least not yet.”
It wasn’t really a surprise. The Detective had been expecting this—but that didn’t mean it wasn’t exciting.
Walking casually, as if he belonged there, Sherlock strode to the door and looked around. He easily spotted the message that John had seen hours earlier, the yellow spray paint now dried, thin drips reaching the pavement. There were no new messages, and there was no indication that Soo Lin had wanted them to meet her anywhere else.
“This is ridiculous,” snapped Sherlock, sliding away down the sofa. “I’m done. I don’t need to be examined in a thousand different ways. My body will heal on its own without you hovering around. I’ve managed on my own before you happened and I must have managed well enough, considering I’m not dead.”
“Hang on, Sherlock didn’t—“ said John in alarm, speaking for the first time, but Sherlock cut him off. The last thing he wanted was for John to be involved in this conversation. No, no, this was getting out of control.
Sherlock met her gaze evenly. “And yet you insist on maintaining the delusion that I don’t know we are in Soho—Gerrard Street, in particular, I’m willing to bet—in some shop basement out of which you and your gang of lotus-marked criminals augment the wealth and anonymity of Moriarty.”
All he had was an instinct that told him that he’d feel a hell of a lot better about his chances with Moriarty’s people if he had a gun.
“I know,” said Soo Lin. “That was not an accident. I was instructed to give you genuine information about the dish, regardless of what consequences that might have for Gruner. Though I did not hold him in very high regard, I admit. We were only ever distant business partners.”
“I’d sooner jump off the roof,” came Sherlock’s sour drawl from the foot of the stairs, and the Detective straightened, coming forward to meet Lestrade.
“All good?” John asked, frowning, and then his eyes widened. “So—she’s okay? She left? She’s all right?”
Moriarty gave John a brief appraising look, his gaze back to Sherlock in a second. “Wow. Your pet’s figured out the problem here before you. That’s a bit embarrassing.”
He had known Moriarty was an empire, but it was even more incredible than that. And now he was sure of it. It was the only way they could be linked to an underground foreign gang like these Black Lotus, a serial killer cab driver, and the murder of an informant and a doctor and who knew how many others in places like Afghanistan where no one would think it strange if someone was blown up. It was barely conceivable, to the normal mind, that anyone could use these things to hide a terrorist threat in the very heart of London with such apparent
It was morning two days after their conversation with Mycroft before Sherlock finally emerged from his room. John’s journal was open on his lap to a blank page (as it had been for an hour) when he heard Sherlock trudge to the bathroom, and a few minutes later he appeared in the kitchen, hair disheveled and dark bags under his eyes. John didn’t think he’d slept much.
“I was only asking,” said Mycroft, waving a hand as if to clear the air between them. “I’m not trying to interrogate you.”
Sherlock slammed the lid of the box shut and picked it up off the hood of Mycroft’s car. John thought he made something of a point of letting the box drag and scratch the paint. “I’m not running away. There’s no reason for me to leave.”
“And you know what’s really fucked up about it?” John shifted, rubbing the scar over his heart as if it still hurt. “If I had succeeded—if I’d somehow managed to keep him alive—I probably wouldn’t have died. I’d still be – alive. Alive the first time. If he’d lived, I would have lived too.”
“Yes,” said Sherlock. “And no. Not in so many words, maybe, but the whole point of this is for you to try to get a read on Moran. Which is something you’re very good at in general. Trust your gut, and try to keep a level head.”
Thank you all for sticking with me so far! Thank you for your patience and feedback and support, it means so so much!
John reached his hand up to his right ear. Hard plastic met his fingertips. He was wearing an earpiece, then.
“Well, if they were definitely broken, I’d stick you on bed rest for a week or two to make sure you didn’t make anything worse moving around and getting into trouble,” said John, impossibly patient.
“Except there are no distractions here,” said Sherlock. He drummed his fingers on his chair agitatedly. “We just sit and wait and no one says anything. I hate hospitals.”
After a moment and another turn into a new corridor, John said, “I’m getting the impression we’re not just exiting through a door like normal people.”
John moved to sit in the armchair across from Sherlock again, holding onto his cup of tea. “Is that a bad thing? Just – I don’t know, ignore him?”
John crouched down next to Sherlock, who tried to sit up until John held him down with one careful hand on his shoulder.
Sherlock could scream, he felt so stupid. But if he was honest, he’d known from the second he read Moriarty’s message—and he should have known before, he should have
Also, hooray for the recent surplus in badass John. It's been needed for far too long. I hope I write him well enough to pull it off!
John and Mrs. Hudson were seated in the living room, with the television playing some daytime drivel quietly in the corner. Empty mugs of tea and plates were on the coffee table in a small patch of table that had been cleared of Sherlock’s papers scattered hither and yon around the room.
“Yes, you,” said John, a little impatiently. “We’re talking about a sniper vanishing from under our noses and Moriarty getting ready to murder you, and you seem completely disinterested. But… weirdly. Like you’re pretending. I mean,
“Apparently, the only thing he said all night was that he wanted a smoke,” said Mycroft, in a tone that said he sympathized with the sentiment. “Dawson picked them up this morning.”
John fixed his eyes on Sherlock so he didn’t have to look at the red lights dancing across his chest.
“Sherlock, what are you talking about?” demanded Lestrade, looking utterly bewildered. “What are you
“It’s not hard for you! You and your massive head!” John retorted, sitting at the table across from Sherlock.
It was what made him say, "You stay very still and look dead until I come get you," and close the lid of the coffin before he swept from the room.
John grit his teeth, throwing his hands up in the air. “How about you just tell me what it is I’ve been doing, then? If nothing I have to say is good enough for you or if you’re going to argue with every sodding thing I say, there’s no point in pursuing this line of conversation. Why even bother asking me if you’re going to shoot down every other word coming out of my mouth?”
“You’re fortunate my office is soundproofed, so you can get this little tantrum out of your system,” said Mycroft.
“And you were…” Sherlock scanned the woman’s face for similarities with Zhi Zhu, and found them. “… family. Siblings?”
Sherlock had been careless. Unforgivably careless. And now John could be anywhere, in any condition. He was at risk. And so was Sherlock.
Sherlock coolly shoved his phone into his coat pocket and adjusted his lab coat before he started down the hall at a nonchalant pace. John fell in just a step behind him without pause.
Lestrade sighed and shoved his hands deep in his pockets. “Sounds to me like you’re making some sort of effort to be considerate,” he said. “Which is weird,” he added, taking a couple steps toward the door to leave.
,” corrected Sherlock. “I think they are intentionally timed. It’s a masterstroke. Even I almost fell for it. I nearly passed on your case in favor of the serial suicides. It seemed more relevant on the surface. More engaging. Who would focus on the seemingly ordinary death of a soldier when there were rumors of mass suicides in London? No offense,” he added.
Young Sherlock practiced, and Young Sherlock read, and Young Sherlock waited. He wouldn’t be the one to start a confrontation—instead, he would endeavour to be the one to end the confrontations. Permanently. He just wanted to be left alone. To be ignored, even. That was all he wanted. To be left alone. None of them knew about Young Sherlock’s Gift for bringing the dead back to life, but then, they didn’t need to know for their taunting to hurt. Young Sherlock was already alone. That was painful enough, without their help.
Sherlock turned his attention from the purpose of the meeting they had stumbled upon to the logistics of it. The important thing was not that people were speaking, but how many, how close, how calmly.
Close combat was not necessarily one of John’s strengths. He was not exceptionally agile, or tall, or muscled, and the training he did have was not in hand-to-hand fighting against someone who (judging from the grip on his shoulders and the arm hooked around his neck) had experience in some form of martial arts. What he did have was a militaristic determination and a rugby player’s willingness to get hit.
Sherlock didn’t move, rooted in one place as if frozen there. “… What,” he said, his voice unexpectedly small.
Kitty sat on the sofa, Lestrade and John fetching chairs from the table, and Sherlock stood before them, overseeing the proceedings. As soon as the required niceties were taken care of (offers of tea politely declined and seats taken), Sherlock started, his attention entirely on Kitty. “When did you meet Gruner?” he asked.
“Sebastian Moran,” said John, looking up at him. “And he was a colonel, I think.” He looked between Sherlock and Mycroft. “But how could he have ended up here working for Moriarty when he died there?”
John straightened at Moriarty’s words, taking his hand away from the wall, shifting to square his shoulders.
“Money,” said Kitty bitterly. “Every spare cent I have, just about. For his bloody china collection.”
John put an arm under one of Sherlock’s and carefully raised him to off the floor, ignoring Sherlock’s protests and taking great care to keep the exposed skin of his own neck away from Sherlock’s hands.
Sniper lights appeared suddenly all around the room. Red lights danced on every door and every conceivable target—John, Sherlock, and Yao were all covered in little red dots. All three froze, still and silent, and the tick of Moriarty’s watch echoed in their ears.
There had definitely been something of a shoot-out here, between the Black Lotus and the Yard as the Black Lotus made their escape. But there were no bodies. Miraculously, there were no bodies anywhere.
Moriarty exhaled a short breath of a laugh. “You and I would know that better than most, wouldn’t we?” He took a few careless steps forward until he was standing just behind John, watching him with interest. “He’s a consequence.”
Sherlock nodded. “I’d know it if I saw it?” When Kitty nodded fervently, he went on, “Then I’ll get it from him. If that’s all I need to prove the blackmail, and I think it is…“ He glanced at Lestrade, who nodded “… then it won’t take long to bring him down.”
The stairs at the top were lit with natural light. Daylight. Judging from the direction of the shadows, the sun was to the right of the building.
“This was taken two days before our informant was killed,” said Mycroft, and then he amended, with a gesture to John, “Two days before you were killed. They were flying out with a number of other soldiers.”
concerned about you poking around, then he’ll get in contact or send someone after you again, in which case it’s just a matter of being ready for whatever happens.”
Mycroft hesitated, for just a second, and then rolled his eyes in exasperation. “Sure. You can reanimate the dead. That explains everything.”
“Sure,” said John. “I do live here. Shouldn’t be hard to keep you up to date. I’ll trade you updates on my shoulder for updates on solving my murder.”
John looked up from Sherlock’s laptop, which he had borrowed and set up at the table in the living room so he could read the news. “You’re still sure there will be another one? It’s been four days since Gruner was arrested.”
“Sherlock,” John interrupted, trying to inject some amount of calm into the conversation even as he felt on the verge of panic himself. “Sherlock, you almost died too. Stop focusing on me. If what you’re saying is true, then at least now we know about how his Gift can affect yours. He doesn’t know, because you didn’t touch Yao when he asked you to. We can turn this into an advantage. Don’t panic just because we know in hindsight that Moriarty’s threat had merit. I was also wearing a bomb that could have killed both of us. There was also a sniper who could have killed both of us. There are so many things that could have resulted in both of us being dead, but we
“Apparently.” Sherlock sighed. “They entered shortly after I retrieved you from the morgue, and were apparently after rather the same thing I was.”
“Until now, yeah, that’s been the case,” said John. “But this time it’s different. I don’t know how much you know about—“
“Yes, thank you, I know that. Does that apply to any contact, or just skin-on-skin? Like, you could poke me if you were wearing gloves, right?”
Sherlock straightened, shutting his eyes for a single second in order to stop himself from outwardly displaying his sudden excitement.
Sherlock stopped at his chair by the window. “This was your personal bag, and the way you perused it yesterday suggests it was as you’d last seen it and had not been tampered with, so the placement of objects reveals plenty—for instance, the condition of the letter. You have a handgun stowed in there. Your bearing reveals you are serious, cautious, and assertive. And may, on occasion, curse like the best of them.”
John laughed, dropping the pillow on his lap. “Give it a few hours. I’m sure he’ll call soon with something for you to do.
Sherlock cleared his throat and restarted, “Don’t call your sister, don’t contact your friends or your family or your superiors. Don’t go drawing attention to the fact that you’re here.”
This was impossible, but Young Sherlock's mind had never before been limited by the bounds of what was and what wasn't possible, and it wasn't about to be now. There was no box, there were no instructions, there was no manufacturer's warranty explaining how any of this worked. There was no obvious cause.
“You’re forgetting I can’t use that,” Sherlock reminded him. “That requires being able to prove Moriarty’s existence, and the Black Lotus’ as well. But…” Sherlock picked up the pen again, scribbled ‘BLACKMAIL’ on the page, and circled it a few times, with a line connecting the word to Gruner. “We
After all, it would be too much, far too much, for a person to accept all of what Sherlock had told him as fact, wouldn’t it? It was natural, surely, for a person to doubt the truth of it. It was too improbable. Too impossible. It had taken John a few hours, perhaps, to decide this wasn’t possible, but he had finally reached the point of hateful disbelief that nearly everyone Sherlock knew had reached long ago.
John blinked, processing this rather businesslike proposal with a nod, and then a few more. “Uh, yeah. Yeah, actually, that would be good. Thanks.”
Lestrade fidgeted in apparent alarm. “Don’t tell me you’re going to go right down to the minute again—“
“We’ve talked about not being reckless with anything related to Moriarty before, Sherlock,” Lestrade added. He looked thoroughly shaken. “We’ve talked about why running off on your own is a bad idea.”
Sherlock and John left Lestrade at the crime scene, with the intention of giving Lestrade a chance to arrange for tests and bullet examinations while they evaluated if and how Shan’s murder changed their game plan. In Sherlock’s opinion, the loss of Shan as a source of information constituted a significant setback, but the fact that she had been murdered at least painted a more vivid image of the kind of person Moriarty must be.
John was staring at him, his expression shocked and terrified and awed all at once. John Watson, the once-dead army doctor who managed to break every Rule without even trying.
Sherlock would be lying if he said it hadn’t bothered him. Significantly. But his secret was safe—he was sure of it.
But John found himself hoping beyond hope that it wasn’t a dream. That it wasn’t just being dead. That this was actually happening, in spite of all of the reasons why it couldn’t. That this, and being here, and Sherlock Holmes, were all real.
“Suspense won’t hurt, and the wait gives us more time to get as much information about Moran as possible before you talk to him,” said Mycroft.
Sherlock glanced at John. The wheels were already in motion, and had been for days, though John didn’t know it. But he would need to consider John’s moves, too—and Mycroft’s, and Lestrade’s, and others—if they were all going to get through this.
Sherlock looked at the folder warily, but reluctantly uncrossed his arms so that he could take it. He flipped it open. He turned the first page, and then the next, and the next, and the next. He closed the folder, and held it out to John, looking at Mycroft with an indecipherable look on his face.
“Of course,” the other person said quickly—a woman in hospital scrubs with her hair pulled back in a ponytail—before they stepped through the doors.
John absently picked up a random magazine off the nearest table, without looking at it. “Why? What’s going on? Who was that?”
John regarded Moran coldly. “I’m an army doctor, which means I could break every bone in your body, while naming them.”
Sherlock took a deep breath—barely, but John let it count—and John couldn’t feel or see anything obviously wrong, nor could he hear anything in Sherlock’s intake and release of air that suggested internal problems. He reached into his medical kit, glad that of all of his possessions, this was the one he still had. He brought out a stethoscope and donned it.
The list of things to consider was only getting longer with every bit of information he’d gotten from Sherlock, and he knew a good deal of it, he would have to figure out on his own.
It took a couple minutes to persuade Mrs. Hudson to leave her kitchen (after a pair of shoes had been located). Mrs. Hudson leaned on one of his arms as they stepped into the entryway.
Sherlock—who had opened his mouth to retort—closed it for a moment, looking uncertain. He turned back to John slowly. “… Elaborate.”
Lestrade took a patient breath, leading the way down the hallway to the morgue itself. "All right. Now, I don't know if we'll have much access, and of course there's already a formal inquiry. But, you and I both know you'll have better insight than typical investigators."
“One.” Sherlock brought up a webpage on his laptop and turned the screen for John to see. On it was a photograph of a middle-aged man, with short hair, small smile, and an intense gaze. His picture was alongside a blurb for a large antiques brokerage. “His name is Gruner. He’s a world authority in Chinese ceramics.”
“Isn’t that the case with the soldier?” asked Molly. “We don’t have his body, you see. It – maybe Detective Inspector Lestrade mentioned it? There was a break-in and someone took the body. It was awful. Security is so much tighter now; we all have new badges and more night guards, and…”
John sat up fast, and his entire body ached as he did, and he looked left and right all around the room.
The sniper might be their best lead. If they could find him, they could find Moriarty. As complicated as Moriarty’s web was, however interlocked the individual threads, it only took following one critical string to reach the center.
It was almost painful watching Watson trying to think, when Sherlock's mind was moving so much faster, and with such urgency.
Sherlock could have laughed at the mundane absurdity these three sentences had in the context of the entire situation. Instead, Sherlock pushed the door open, and stopped in the doorway.
John’s hands were steady—improbably steady. Acclimatized to violence. More than just a doctor while in Afghanistan, and not just some marksman or a crack shot either. A fighter.
Sherlock considered this for a moment, and then he sighed. “All right. Just be direct. Under an hour, if you can. You’re not supposed to be out where you can be seen, but if we’re going back to the drawing board, then we might both be lying low for a while. So just make it fast. You can use my card.”
Sherlock glanced at the stairs leading up to John’s room, but there was no sign that the man upstairs was planning to move voluntarily anytime soon.
An individual gifted at traversing dark and dangerous seas wrought with intrigue and threats submerged below the waves.
He had no idea how long he stood mutely in the dark, trying not to think too much about the bomb on his chest, or about how he had no way to tell
“The general consensus is that I am,” said Sherlock, in a blunt (and, though he’d never say it, borderline defeated) statement of the facts.
trying not to smirk, but he wasn’t trying very hard. “A rather gifted one, if I might add. So much so that Lestrade here and his entire squad of bumbling morons were convinced the deaths were suicides.” He nodded to Lestrade. “I told you they were serial suicides. Complete with a serial killer facilitating them. There are other geniuses in the world besides me. It would seem Jeff Hope was among them. And all he needed to turn his considerable mental abilities to crime was a little motivation.”
to exist, and be like me. Whether we are capable of believing it or not, Moriarty and I share the same Gift.”
“And when do I get to speak to him? Your employer,” demanded Sherlock, eyes narrowing, choosing his words with care.
“Stop apologizing already,” said Sherlock, blinking and running a mental check of his brain functions. Everything seemed in order. Unless smuggling a person out of a morgue after only having interacted with them for less than ten minutes was the action of an insane person, in which case, he’d whacked his head harder than he’d thought.
“Certainly not nothing. The smallest details have a weight when it comes to Moriarty.” Mycroft returned the photograph to his briefcase. “I have the feeling that you and I have been chasing Moriarty for about the same time. MI5 lost the informant that John met mere hours before we were anticipating getting his information on a criminal scandal that would defy any expectation. We weren’t given specifics, but the names given as proof-of-legitimacy were related to highly sensitive information. The intel was almost definitely genuine. Which made the loss of the informant especially troubling. And it wasn’t the first time something of this nature had happened, either, so we were even more suspicious.” He paused, looking at Sherlock uneasily. “Could…” He cleared his throat. “Could
“Possible?!” Sherlock let out a weird, strangled sort of laugh. “That’s not a question we can ask with this. With any of this.
John leapt to his feet, shoving an ID in his back pocket and grabbing his gun out of the drawer in his bedside table, before he hurried to the bedroom door. He held the gun in hand as he descended the stairs quickly but carefully. The air was filled with a cloud of dust before he reached the bottom, a dense haze of smoke and particles only just beginning to settle, giving the air a greyish tinge. John’s foot touched the bottom of the stairs with a crunch of broken glass.
John nodded. He could not see how, and he had a feeling Sherlock didn’t know either. But it would have to do for now. It would have to be good enough.
EDIT: slight delay with the next chapter. Let's just say Mycroft has proved a complicated ass and some traveling has set me back. It's coming, I swear!!! TT^TT
The next leg of the story really needs a good flow to it so I'm working hard for regular updates for the next several chapters - bear with me while I get my shit together XD <3
"That's very nice," said Sherlock, taking his cue to leave, and he marched to the door leading back outside. Lestrade hurried to catch up.
“You’re in more danger than I am, I reckon,” John argued. “Moriarty wants you dead. Eventually, anyway. He’s out to manipulate and then kill you—and even if he’s not the first criminal mastermind you’ve gone up against, he’s the first one who’s known about what you can do. Never mind he can do it too.”
Lestrade was standing at the doors to the morgue, with his arms crossed over his chest and a deep frown on his face. Behind him and through the doors, Sherlock could see officers from the Yard bustling about.
Moriarty waved a hand in Sherlock’s face as if to get his attention. “Are you doing all right? Should I get you a chair? You look like you’re about to pass out.”
“Why would I tell him that?” he said, choosing to look at Lestrade, because looking at John was inducing this unfamiliar and detestable pain in the region of his aorta. “Why would I tell anyone? For the same reasons I didn’t tell you, it seems to me that it is unwise to tell anyone about the particulars of my Gift. It’s a thousand times better if I am the only one who knows the full extent of my actions. Then I needn’t constantly be pushed around and reminded of the risks. Alone I retain my autonomy. Alone means I’m responsible, Lestrade. Alone protects me. And it seems rather beneficial for the rest of you.”
“You don’t think…?” began Lestrade, looking across the street again with a worried expression on his face.
“It is,” agreed Sherlock, looking at John out of the corner of his eye before passing the photograph back to Mycroft. “It isn’t much, but it’s not nothing either.”
John seemed to have a particularly difficult time puzzling out this statement. “Why do you have a harpoon?” he asked finally.
“So we’ll know soon enough, once the bomb squad’s finished up,” said Lestrade. “Then we can fix up your place and put together a proper plan of action.”
John almost laughed. “You have no idea how much I wish I knew the answer to that question. But it’s just me. It gets… complicated, for the people Sherlock brings back to stay alive for long. Really complicated.”
John whipped around to see Sherlock Holmes seated at the kitchen table with his eyes fixed on a Bunsen burner apparatus producing a bright purple flame.
Sherlock had turned to glare. "Lestrade, I'm not willing to deal with stupid today. I will talk to you, but I will not talk to someone with a mental capacity inferior to one of these plastic lawn ornaments, so if you would…" And he waved his hands in a dismissive little gesture at Anderson.
"I know," said Lestrade, glancing at the silent Sherlock. Lestrade still found anything like this unsettling at the very least, and downright depressing at most. But Sherlock was always impassive.
The man he’d first knocked down had already leapt to his feet. He dove at Sherlock, and they tumbled, Sherlock slamming his thumb back into the man’s eye. His attacker howled, but clung on.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Don’t tell me you and Lestrade wouldn’t have been able to figure it out, come
“I’m sorry if I don’t…” Sherlock searched for the right word. “… appreciate you enough. You are a great help to me. Don’t tell the skull, but I like you more.”
Gruner’s jaw clenched, and his arm jerked just as there was a crash from a hallway beyond the office door. Gruner whipped his head around to look at the door. “What was—?”
“Right,” said Mycroft slowly, and he looked back down at the stack of paperwork lying on the desk. “The effort is appreciated.”
“I’m sure it’ll be a great comfort to them to know that their pointless panic is giving a criminal mastermind time to strike,” grumbled Sherlock, but Lestrade ignored him.
“How long is this going to be?” said John finally, when minutes passed and Mycroft said nothing, a silence slowly enveloping the car. “I might have left the kettle on.”
It was like he’d lost control of his body. He just sat there, for a long moment, staring at her hand.
“I’ll consider it,” said Sherlock, very seriously. “It’s missing an actual apology, but the substance isn’t entirely without merit. I’m willing to put you on probation, and so long as you aren’t such a berk in the future, it might be sufficient.”
“I’m asking you to go as a… friend,” said Sherlock, hesitating before the last word as if unsure whether he was allowed to use it. When John doesn’t object, he continues, “I know you have your pride and your history and there’s a sense of responsibility to it all. I know you feel committed to this. To me. To helping me. And you’re the sort of person who doesn’t take that kind of commitment lightly. Obviously.”
The room settled into silence. But after a moment, Sherlock unscrewed the bottle cap. Out of the corner of his eye, John watched Sherlock pop four paracetamols into his mouth, and though he raised his eyebrows, he didn’t say anything.
“… You’re scaring me, smiling like that,” said Lestrade, staring at Sherlock with an unnerved expression. “What did you just figure out.”
!" shouted Lestrade after Sherlock, but Sherlock ignored him, and finally the inspector sighed and walked off in the direction of his own car, shaking his head.
But in exchange for giving back life, something had to die if the life he'd restored lingered too long.
Sherlock nodded and paced away from John, moving to stand at a distant far enough from John that it looked like they were unlikely to be there together but close enough that John might be able to overhear their conversation.
trying to find ways to use his Gift to do good things. He’s made a life in spite of it. With it. He does
the one who taught me that the only way to stop people from learning your secrets is to be the only person who ever knows them,” said Sherlock. “
Sherlock made it to the outer doors and pushed them open with just a little more force than was strictly necessary, stepping out into the parking lot. He’d get a cab and return home. Lestrade could meet him there instead, since there was no
Young Sherlock, beginning at that critical moment at eight years, three months, four days, nineteen hours, and fifty-one minutes of age, became used to being alone.
“Hey.” John’s voice interrupted his thoughts—just in time, really, as Sherlock’s legs rather decided they had done more than enough work for the time being, and he sank sideways, clutching at an upended table for support.
Sherlock Holmes had presented himself to Detective Inspector Lestrade with a proposition that they cooperate on cases of a particularly challenging nature. Lestrade had initially thought this was all rather hilarious—because really, it takes a certain, special kind of nerve to specify that you only want to help when you feel like it, and the Yard didn’t work with pompous private detectives. But it was hardly a secret that budget cuts and general incompetency made an extra pair of hands hard to turn down around the Yard.
He yelped and sat up, rubbing his head and turning to face the door so he could glare at Sherlock, albeit blearily. “
attention. But when we followed up on the few leads we had, even the sniper’s trail, we found the name ‘Moriarty’ and nothing else. Any efforts to follow scant leads ended up in getting there a few minutes too late, when the evidence was gone or the agent delivering news was dead. We heard nothing—until we did.”
It was well over twenty minutes before Sherlock returned. John saw a swish of dark fabric out of the corner of his eye and looked up to see Sherlock brushing past him. He almost stood and said something, but he stopped when he realized Sherlock wasn’t alone.
,” he said with a grin. “You shameless tease. Such a smooth-talker. You’re right, of course. You’d be lumped together with the rest of the world’s population of idiots if you hadn’t stolen him from me.”
Including the tenants living in 221B, which is precisely why Sherlock went to great lengths to make sure that his landlady knew absolutely nothing about his gift.
“Oh…” Sherlock thought. “If I win, I get to try out that new camouflage technique I’ve been wanting to try—“
Watson frowned a little, though a smile pulled at the corner of his lips. "You," he said, clearly thrown off by Sherlock's lack of comprehension. "What you just said. Jesus, that was brilliant, I have no idea how you got that kind of information out of a few words from me. How did you do that?"
John might have interrupted them, but at that moment the cluster of people working on disabling the bomb he was wearing eased his arms out of the coat, and quickly retreated with it. The second the coat was off and several yards away, all the adrenaline in John’s body seemed to evaporate. He took two steps to the side and his knees gave way. He sank into a crouch, hand sliding down the wall, and he turned until his back was resting against the tile. He shut his eyes, taking a deep breath. “
Sherlock smirked, taking a few steps back towards the street as John made his way inside. “That’s your problem.”
John rolled his eyes. "Look, I had nothing to do, and I thought I'd try to be useful, so... I'm writing down everything I know about this case, and my death, and everything leading up to it. In case—I dunno, in case you bump me on the stairs or I get hit by a truck or something and die."
“You know how I get when there’s a case,” said Sherlock. “I’m not trying to make excuses; I’m just saying, I can be single-minded. And you know how I am regarding risk. I’m reckless, but not stupid. I thought following Moran
“Well, really, anyone as clever as Moriarty would know perfectly well that if he arranged for an explosion across the street from our flat, people would notice. The police would notice, Mycroft would notice, everyone would. Even if he doesn’t know about your partnership with Lestrade, he likely knows you and Mycroft are related. He would know the police would be involved if there’s a bomber, and Mycroft would want to know what’s going on if there’s a chance you’re at risk. He made sure you wouldn’t be able to solve this in isolation. With the shoes, you shut yourself up in here for a couple days and no one bothered you. So maybe he’s intentionally depriving you of the ability to do that again. Forcing you to work in conjunction with other people.”
The moment he said it, Sherlock knew he’d said the wrong thing. John looked as if Sherlock had just punched him.
Somehow, listening to Moriarty talk merrily in his ear as if he didn’t have a care in the world was more terrifying than he ever would have imagined.
Something hot and angry rekindled in John’s chest. “Look, Sherlock, I’m not the idiot who got myself beaten to a pulp because I’m too stubborn to accept help,” he said, and he couldn’t quite stop a familiar bitterness resurfacing as he spoke. If Sherlock hadn’t left him behind, this might not have happened. If Sherlock had just told him where he was going, they might have rescued him much sooner.
Sherlock took off at full tilt, sprinting the length of the room, and threw caution to the winds. “Stop!” he yelled, and there were cries of shock in front of him. A second later, he was nearly knocked over as someone shoved past him.
John licked his lips. Ah. He could feel his face turning red, but swallowed and remembered that he and Sherlock still had a challenge. He hadn’t anticipated having a real case, however; this complicated things. He swallowed and dropped the sock. “Ah,” he said. “Inspector. Do we have a case?”
“Then let’s just do your wrists and be done with it, because clearly, you’d rather suffer alone,” replied John furiously.
Sherlock sprang to his feet in a flurry of disentangling limbs, and John jumped again, taken aback, and was even more taken aback when Sherlock flapped his arms frantically and hissed, “Go, go, get up, hide!
Sherlock looked at her, and the half-formulated lie he was concocting in order to get access to the cabbie’s victims bloodwork gave up without much of a fight.
“The mud on the soles of the trainers,” said Sherlock, holding one up and rotating it so that the somewhat muddy heel was facing John.
“But…” said John, still feeling uneasy about the entire thing. “I don’t know. Maybe you should give the shoes to the forensics lab before you have a crack at them?” he suggested cautiously. “Just to be safe? I mean—“
“You can’t hide from me,” said Moriarty gleefully, drinking in the look on Sherlock’s face with obvious relish. “You can pretend for everyone else, sure. But they’re idiots. They’re
“That so?” said Sherlock, making note of this. Army doctor trained at Bart’s. Factoring his age and fleeting pause at every hallway intersection, an alumnus returned for the first time, then, and not entirely sure of the building’s layout.
“Oh for God’s sake.” Sherlock rolled his eyes and pointed at the door. “One of Gruner’s victims has broken in and is quite literally beating the
“You might be able to fill in some of the gaps in my information,” Mycroft said. “But I might also be able to fill in some of yours. For one…” He paused as he reached into his briefcase, pulling out a print of a photograph. “… we may have a picture of Moriarty’s sniper.”
She nodded. “I think so. One of us will know the usual places. I will not tell the others that I am searching for him on your behalf, but at least some will be worried enough to help me locate him if they think it is for their own benefit. And I can pass that information on to you.”
Figuring out why Hope stayed in the jar depends on the reader’s ability to accurately translate ancient Greek as well as decipher the machinations of a bunch of scheming gods as told through the mind of an antiquated bard. So really, there is no correct answer.
Lestrade had looked over Sherlock’s shoulder to read the note. “What’s that about?” he said. “Sounds like a date invite more than a puzzle. Any ideas?”
“You know nothing of us,” objected Shan calmly. “You have a good memory, Mr. Holmes, in spite of your current condition, but you are still ignorant.”
John shrugged. “I don’t mind a change in scenery. All I do is sit in the flat anyway. I’m more worried about our safety than anything else. And frankly, unless you give me a way to help you, it doesn’t really matter to me where we’re working.”
“I’ll run inside Bart’s—perhaps I can find someone around who can get here faster than phoned paramedics,” suggested Sherlock quickly, gesturing to the nearest people. “Stay with him! See if he comes around—“
The man who appeared was young—close to the same age as Sherlock, if he had to guess—and sharply dressed in an expensive, well-fitting suit. His dark hair was carefully slicked back, and he had an unexpectedly gleeful expression on his face. He smiled as he walked along the edge of the pool and turned toward where Sherlock and John stood, taking slow, casual strides.
Sherlock had left Bart’s, and then spent the better part of four hours coordinating meetings with many of his informants around London, gathering all sorts of information about the quiet, secret dealings of London’s streets from the previous night. Sherlock had spent years building up an extensive network of informants from London’s homeless. It was at times like this where it paid, to have eyes everywhere. It was worth the investment.
“Yes, yes,” said Sherlock, waving a hand dismissively. He looked over at John. “Are you going to do that again, or can we proceed?”
After a moment, he realized he could feel Sherlock watching him, and he turned his head to look over his shoulder, opening his mouth to say something benign and vaguely reassuring. But he stopped.
“Don’t make me laugh, I can’t keep laughing in a morgue,” said John, working hard to stop himself smiling again.
? How could there be nothing? How could an entire network of people have neglected to take note of something he was
Sherlock opened the back door of the car and slid into the backseat, grimacing at every movement. He looked back, and then looked out the opposite window. “Mycroft Holmes. Consistently a bastard. And my brother.”
Sherlock adjusted the pair of leather gloves he’d donned before sneaking in, and then took up a discarded lab coat and pulled it on over his own long black overcoat. He flattened his hair, checked his watch, said, “Minute-thirty,” to John, who was in the process of extricating a shirt from his bag of belongings, and stepped out into the hall.
John noticed Mycroft take a careful step back when Sherlock approached, eyes flickering to the photo, and he just hoped that Sherlock didn’t notice too.
“Alone is good, John,” said Sherlock, hands in his pockets as he moved to the door. He paused in the doorframe. “Certainly effective. It’s worked fine for as long as I can remember. Which is quite long. Alone is efficient. Alone protects me.”
He probably would have, if a fist hadn’t slammed into the back of his head with enough force to make him see stars.
This was not entirely honest. Sherlock had hoped there would be minimal mention of John Watson in the records and in the news. He had not expected no mention of him.
With any luck, the next chapter will be along in timely fashion! AND FULL OF DRAMA AND TENSION AND MORE DRAMA
Sherlock rolled his eyes. The name-calling had gotten old months ago. “I was summoned, Sergeant Donovan, as you should know full well. Your penchant for stupid questions does nothing to instill confidence in your abilities as an officer.”
When John arrived at Amberley’s home in Lewisham, Amberley greeted him at the door. The front of the house, surrounded by a freshly painted fence, was in good care. The door to the house was ajar, and Amberley emerged as John approached the front porch, carrying a bucket of paint in each hand. Amberley set the buckets down. Amberley himself was still in his coat from before, but had new dashes of paint on his hands. He nodded to them as they approached. “Mr. Watson,” he said.
John looked up from stowing leftovers in the fridge long enough to make a face.  “I get that much. Could Gruner help?”
This truth was the strangest puppy ever to walk the earth, but that didn’t mean it should be cast out.
“I don’t think that’s true. In fact, I think it might be the opposite. He just didn’t know how to ask. Didn’t know if he could, or should.”
John sat back, resentment bubbling in the pit of his stomach in spite of his efforts to keep calm. “I’ve got to admit, I’m not sure I buy that you’re entitled to know all of my business just because Sherlock doesn’t feel like sharing. You don’t know anything about me, as far as I’m concerned, and I barely know you past your name—which, I’ll add, I learned from Sherlock, and not you. Frankly, I don’t see why you and I have any reason to interact. You have no right to badger me like this.”
“You’re already part of it. You have been since the beginning, and especially now that we all know about Moriarty’s Gift,” Mycroft pointed out—and, unbidden, John’s thoughts were inexorably pulled back to the pool, to the dance of a dozen sniper’s lights on his chest, and Moriarty’s breath on his neck making his skin crawl.
John refrained from an indignant reply, instead simply adjusting his hold on his bag. “Sorry,” he said. “Lead on.”
The effect was almost immediate. Lestrade, at last, managed to tear his eyes away from John long enough to turn his gaze on Sherlock, smoldering with rage. “Oh, you
“I forgive you, I suppose,” said John with a giggle. A little more seriously, he went on, “Kitty will be okay, right?”
Right now, however, Mycroft seemed to be attempting to use as many words as he could as quickly as humanly possible. “Just focus on information about Moriarty. Or contacting Moriarty,” he was saying to an increasingly anxious-looking John. “Be adaptable in your approach, of course, but stay on point as much as you can, and—“
This back-and-forth with Moriarty could go on forever. Hadn’t Sherlock said it himself only a few days before? The game could potentially keep going, a constant exchange, until Moriarty made a mistake and shared too much. But Moriarty wasn’t the only person playing, and he wasn’t the only person who could share too much.
“You. Overwhelmed,” observed Sherlock again. He was not surprised. Amused, perhaps. It seemed John’s thoughts were operating on some kind of delay system, which Sherlock thought stupid but not atypical. News of this kind might take time to process, after all. And Sherlock could only imagine what it would be like, to be on the receiving end of an event like his.
Sherlock hesitated, and finally said, “Let Inspector Lestrade get you home for now. But I’ll let you know when I decide to make my move to get his camera. I was planning on bringing some police backup and they may be all right with you watching the proceedings from a safe distance, if it matters that much to you.”
“That’s how he anticipated it all so perfectly,” said Sherlock, grinding his shoe down on the broken bits of plastic and glass. “He convinced one of the workers repairing the flat to plant a camera so he could watch us. He knew when I left this morning, he knew where John would be in the flat, he knew what I’d done before going to the pool to meet him. He knew Lestrade would be here. He knew Mycroft would turn up at the pool.”
“Makes sense, I guess,” said John. He settled in his chair, already resigned to spend the day in the flat. “Let me know how it goes.”
“I’ve done a complete cost-benefit analysis,” said Mycroft (which made John roll his eyes, but didn’t seem to surprise Sherlock). “And no matter how I look at it, this
John fell asleep on the sofa, and was woken when Sherlock chucked a pillow at him. After a few utterances of “sod off”, he grumbled, “So what’s going on?”
“At the second I should have touched you again to make you return to being dead, I could not think. I did not think. One second earlier and I would have done it, but at that precise second, my control over my train of thought was suspended long enough to let the minute pass. If I had touched you again before sixty seconds had elapsed, then there wouldn’t be a problem. But I didn’t. And after the minute had passed, what was the point? That would be wasting the chance to gather information from you. About you. For you.” Sherlock was at a loss. He did not know how to comfort people. And there was no precedent for a situation like this one. There was (though Sherlock thought this was a horrendous oversight on the universe’s part) no established guide on how to reassure the living that they ought to be living. No matter how incredible the circumstances.
The office was as large and pompous as the rest of the building, and looking around it, John got the distinct impression that Mycroft did not bring a lot of people here for a chat. The walls were lined predominantly with bookshelves and fancy looking filing cabinets, leaving room for the occasional soulless painting and a solitary window. A small pot of rather miserable-looking, wilting pansies sulked on the windowsill.
“Jeff Hope,” said Lestrade, taking a few steps back and shoving his hands deep in his pockets. He normally left the room when Sherlock used his Gift, but obviously, he was not going anywhere this time. The dread in his body language made that much clear.
“I should take a look at the bedroom upstairs and get a feel for the flat, I suppose,” said John, looking around. By daylight, he felt he was getting a much better look at everything. Details leapt out and distinguished themselves. The place held that much more charm and character. And was that much more obviously a bit of a mess.
“That was why you went to the morgue to get John’s body,” said Sherlock hollowly, and when he met Moriarty’s eyes he could see he was right. “You just wanted the same thing I did. To learn what he knew.”
Sherlock’s thoughts were interrupted by a tug on his arm, as Soo Lin reached up a shaking hand to hold on to his coat sleeve.
And now we shift back to Moriarty, who (I'm willing to bet) isn't going to wait too terribly long before getting in touch with Sherlock... But we'll see~
“Bait?” repeated John, with just a hint of indignation making its way past the fear doing its best to choke him.
Sherlock catalogued this piece of information in his mind (he was confident he'd deduced everything else of potential importance just in looking at Watson, and of course later research could fill in any other gaps, but this was so much faster than asking Lestrade and watching as the policeman crawled through the explanation at an appallingly slow speed) and bulldozed on. "Because I was curious. Listen. In the next—" Consult the timer. "—thirty-six seconds, I need to know exactly what transpired in the moment before your death. Any and all details. And quite quickly."
I'm back to school (for my final semester as an undergraduate -- AHHHHHH), but I'm not anticipating any major delays. Fingers crossed we keep roaring right along!
“This is… rather good news,” said Sherlock, sitting up, running one hand through his hair. “This is very good news. This is something we might actually be able to go on.”
“Probably,” said Sherlock, standing up as well, still looking down at Shan’s still form. “Judging by the accuracy of the shot and the distance…” He gestured first to Shan’s head—the bullet hole a neat circle in the center of her forehead—and then at the shattered window through which the bullet must have traveled. “Perfectly aimed kill shot, one shot, from that kind of distance… the shooter has to be professionally trained. Moriarty seems to be able to secure anything, if he has no trouble acquiring such a good sniper. And he’s probably used this person in the past, and made his people aware of what sort of power he has at his disposal. Intimidation. Fear keeps people in line when you have an empire to run. Especially a criminal empire.”
In the same split second as a gloved hand was clamped over his mouth, John saw that there was a lotus tattoo on the man’s exposed wrist.
John could feel the tide of the conversation turning, the curious waves of questioning becoming a violent undertow promising a slow and merciless drowning. “Hang on—“
Sherlock cut him off. “To what? Chucking a pillow at me is hardly a persuasive argument. I’ll kick you out if I have to. Technically, you have no legal rights here. You’re not an official tenant, you never signed a lease, you don’t pay rent—“
“So now, your security personnel are in complete disarray, you no longer have access to your intimidating concrete solitude cube—”
Lestrade spoke over him, and pointed an accusing finger at Sherlock. “Do you have any idea—Sherlock, I could—if ‘magic’ was a viable reason, I could charge you with
Sherlock’s mouth was dry. “One touch, life,” he said. He had to explain. Rules and regulations could make this better, or at least easier to process. Magic with a list of limitations was easier to swallow than magic running wild. “Second touch…” Sherlock plucked one of the newly bloomed flowers from the plant, and with a shock of darkness, it turned brown and dry in his hand. Beside him, the rest of the plant did the same. He held the shriveled flower up for Mycroft to see. “… Death, again. Permanently.”
Sherlock shoved his hands into his pockets, a little more aggressively than was strictly necessary, and did not meet Lestrade’s gaze.
Sherlock nodded. “I did not want to bring the full set with me for this first meeting but, if you are indeed interested, perhaps you would be willing to visit me across town to see the rest. You can see it is genuine, and I’m happy to get an expert’s evaluation.”
