is reining in his
‘Please, just stop. I don’t….I
A/N: Hi everyone. I hope you're all keeping safe during the craziness, and I shall go post the second update for you!
Steve studies him for a few moments and then sighs and nods. ‘Alright. I promise.’
‘You’re sending me to my room again?’ she accuses, eyes narrowing at him.
‘And now he’s running around New York?’ Steve asks.
‘Guys we got a problem,’ Scott says to the rest of the team down the comms.
‘Tony do we really have to talk about this in bed?’ Steve groans.
‘Wow and I thought it was only me that was able to think loudly,’ Tony chuckles, his expression softens and he takes Bucky’s hand. ‘Listen to me, Bucky. The bond is only temporary and it can be removed. Strange thinks it only formed because you panicked when a particular memory was brought up, and that Loki had a similar memory that the magic latched onto and caused both of you to black out from the panic it caused.’
Love always,
‘Which basically means they’re pissing around outside,’ Tony interrupts with a smile as his coffee finishes pouring.
Another roar gives him his answer for where the second person is: behind a chunk of fallen building.
‘I was not suggesting you, as they like to say, jump in with both feet first,’ Vision reassures him, ‘I was simply suggesting that you consider it.’
‘Oh really? What about the full on war someone started in our dorm after receiving a food package from his Aunt-’
Loki is about to respond when Steve beats him to it. ‘I am Steve Rogers.’
‘You what?’ Natasha blinks at him.
‘Fine,’ Tony rolls his eyes. ‘If you don’t make sweet love to me until neither of us can walk straight I’m going to kick you out of the bedroom for a month.’ At Steve’s raised eyebrow he adds. ‘Ok a week. I wouldn’t last a month. I’d last a week.’
‘Don’t be ridiculous, Sam,’ Bucky growls, ‘of course Tony and Wade deserve to be happy-’
A/N: I cannot tell you how excited I got being able to put 'Wakanda Forever' and 'Avengers Assemble' in the same chapter. But I'm sure you can guess.
‘I am the monster that we used to get told stories of as children,’ the red eyes are challenging as they look back at him, ‘so forgive me for not believing you.’
‘Wade needs to tell you,’ is the reply, and Peter sees a business card in the barman’s hand. ‘Now go and play some more pool before anyone else puts two and two together and comes up with Spider-Man.’
Steve Rogers looks out over the green expanse of Wakanda, a light breeze keeping him cool as he leans on the railing. The door opens behind him and he turns to see the king and his best friend walking out side by side, apparently having finished their latest conversation with Tony.
than my mother. Oh,’ he blinks when he catches sight of Steve, ‘hello again,’ he smiles at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Your dad still focussing on decorating the office than the home?’
‘He wasn’t supposed to be there at the shoot out,’ Peter says, ‘he was out of town on a job. But he turned up just as I was about to call Mr Stark for help and took out one of the gunmen.’
‘Peter,’ a voice stops him as he turns to leave. A voice he knows he shouldn’t listen to, but he can’t help it. He just wishes Tony had kept his reactors somewhere else.
‘I shall be Kamar-Taj’s representative,’ the doctor says as he lands.
‘And?’
‘T’Challa is prepared to extract you should the need arise,’ Tony says, still not looking away from his screen. ‘Nat’s already in the US in case we have to move quicker than planned, and the training bots are poised ready to malfunction, needing the team to round them up.’
Natasha has a request for Tony
‘Oh really? What were you expecting?’ Peter tries not to roll his eyes at Wade.
There’s a few moments of quiet, before her strained voice carries back to him. ‘Hurry up, Barnes, we need to find Hulk.’
‘Why the sudden concern for Tony?’ Steve demands.
‘And how is you acting like this not being dramatic?’ Wanda points out.
‘Stupid Steve,’ Tony mutters, leaning back and closing his eyes. He opens one and looks curiously at Natasha when he hears her sniggering. ‘He’s standing right behind me isn’t he?’
He watches Bucky’s expression as he struggles to come up with an answer he knows Steve isn’t going to call out. Finally he sighs. ‘I don’t know, Stevie, and that’s the god’s honest truth. I just…’
‘I would introduce you,’ he says, ‘but that feels too much like I’m bringing home a partner or something. Plus you already know Dad; and Mom as well I suppose.’
‘Why does no one believe I can be nice?’ he grumbles under his breath as he finally reaches the portal and steps through. As soon as he does he is nearly knocked off of his feet by Strange’s Cloak. ‘What are you doing you ridiculous creation?’
‘No,’ Peter replies, and then Steve sees something that has his stomach turning to ice. ‘You will face
‘I didn’t think there were any winners and losers in food fights,’ Sam argues, ‘unless you’re the cleaning staff of course.’
‘I could send you back and take his life just like that,’ she snaps her fingers in my face.
‘Outside, I got clear. But…Cap we need to leave,’ there’s a strange tone to Clint’s voice that Steve can’t place.
Natasha opens her mouth to say something when the roar of a jetpack has them looking up. Sam flies over the top of the facility and lands right in front of the gathered crowd just as the last person steps off the bus.
Wade waves him off. ‘I was hungry and these burgers look awesome,’ he picks up one of Bucky’s spare burgers. The two super-soldiers always buy at least two burgers every time they go out for food to keep up with their serum enhanced metabolisms.
The merc sighs. ‘Yes ma’am!’ and gives her a salute before running off.
‘It’s nothing-’
‘What?’ she asks warily.
Thanos roars in frustration and all eyes turn to him, standing in the middle of the clearing with the gauntlet raised. ‘I tire of these games,’ he says, and holds his fingers as if he is ready to snap them. ‘It’s time to end this.’
‘Anyway!’ Peter cuts across before anyone else can say anything to embarrass him. ‘Aren’t we supposed to be having a party to celebrate the new year?’
‘I take it we can’t blow them up right?’ Rocket asks.
‘Tony are you sure you should be doing this?’ Clint asks him. ‘If this is how you feel before they’re all on you, it could…’
.’ He sees the framed photos laying on the piano lid where they’d fallen since his exodus.
‘That’s got to be Aunty Nat,’ Morgan whispers, ‘she makes everyone scared!’
Bucky starts to come over to help him carry Tony but Steve shakes his head. Gently prising the screwdriver from his hand, Steve picks up the inventor, who is worryingly light in his arms, and navigates his way around Tony’s projects to lay him down on the sofa. The former assassin drapes the blanket over him and Steve can’t help but smile as Tony snuggles into it.
‘You seem to have been fine so far going to and from all those meetings,’ Rhodes points out, crossing his arms and giving Tony his
‘I will admit that her friendship with my people has made them more accepting of staying here during the time for recovery after the fight, it has eased some of my worries that they are beginning to open up, even in small ways.’
‘Wanda, I think perhaps we should stop,’ Vision says again.
‘Buck?’
‘Well, Cap, I guess congratulations are in order,’ Fury says stepping forwards to greet him.
‘Seriously, Flash?’ At least Bucky knows that joke is crap, Flash obviously thinks he’s the world’s best comedian.
Peter can see Harry trying to hide his grin by biting into his sandwich. Great, no help from him then. ‘I had to do repairs to the suit afterwards, but it’s always good watching any of the team train.’ He can see Flash’s face turning puce at the information. ‘Anyone know what’s on the agenda for this afternoon?’
‘Tony?’ Steve’s voice is soft. ‘You alright?’
‘I’m just trying to show the manners Natasha told me off for not showing earlier,’ he grumbles in response to Harry’s comment.
‘Don’t get all sentimental on me now, Agent Romanoff. We still need to test out my stun grenades.’
‘Don’t try and give me any of your goddamn speeches, Cap,’ he spits. ‘I’ll just have to find some other way to make myself useful. Maybe take a cookery course so I can do more than pasta for dinner. I can always keep the Council off your backs I suppose, I am getting pretty good at arguing with Ross-’
‘I’ve missed you too. Try not to do anything too stupid till I get back, alright?’
‘Uh oh,’ Bucky laughs.
‘I did not-’
Steve cuts him off with a kiss to his temple. ‘I know, Tony.’
‘Yes sir, Mr Stark,’ he says.
‘The Accords…’
Bucky turns his scowl to him. ‘I’m not giving him the death glare.’
‘I’m saying Rocket,’ Bruce says.
‘Thanks, Tony,’ Wanda says, following him towards the door. ‘For everything.’
Rumlow smiles in what he must assume is an apologetic manner. ‘Forgive me, Mister Stark, I should not have assumed you knew the structure of my squad. There are seven members including me, Barnes and Rogers are only assigned to me whilst they prepare to return to active duty.’
Steve scratches the back of his head. ‘That’s part of the problem, the prosthesis I mean.’
‘Twelve days,’ Loki is the one to respond this time, ‘we would spend eleven of the days preparing for the celebration on the twelfth.’
‘I think that’s about enough time for those two to learn to keep their noses out of other peoples’ business,’ Steve grins at the two men shooting him daggers across the table. ‘They can reheat their dinner.’
Peter’s gone bright red to the roots of his hair and he hides his face in his hands. ‘I can’t believe this is happening.’
to know me better?’
Vision nods with a small smile on his face. ‘Before that would have been true, yes. But I think Tony has stopped enjoying having so much attention on himself since the original business with the Accords. I also do not think he realised just how much he needed the team until that confrontation, especially with Miss Potts ending their relationship just before.’ The humanoid tilts his head to the side as if he’s thinking and then adds. ‘Do you know what happened the first time Wanda and I went out to have a coffee somewhere? It wasn’t too long after she’d come back, but it was long enough that we thought there wouldn’t be any trouble. We went to a coffee shop and the barista refused to serve us. She said she didn’t want dangerous people like us in her shop. Wanda was devastated. When we got back she went straight to her room and refused to come out for the rest of the day.
By the end of the morning the boiler is working again and they’ve all been able to have hot showers, they’ve also managed to clean the kitchen to the point where no one is risking any diseases from the food they prepare in it, and the table is thankfully big enough for them to eat at for now. Rhodes and Bruce were also able to start going through all the information FRIDAY had compiled for them on Zemo and the information Shuri and Nakia had been able to send over from their own investigations.
‘I have never taken part in this event,’ Thor admits.
‘Yeah well you’re still a punk. And a dork.’
‘First with planning Bucky’s escape should we not break the brainwashing,’ Wanda adds, ‘all the way through to this. You’re forming bad habits, Tony.’
‘After you made us test the last stun grenades with the
as your personal doctor?’
‘Knew it,’ Steve grins.
T’Challa chuckles and shakes his head. ‘I was going to suggest we ask Shuri to come and see if there is anything she can do to help you remove the arc reactor if that was something you still wanted to do?’
‘Grab the chair and see if you can help me understand some of this,’ she says, gesturing to the spare chair in her room. ‘I’m wondering if the stones produce some form of radiation when their power is used.’
‘Tony,’ Loki says in warning as four figures appear down the path he’d just gestured to. His daggers materialise in his hands and he slips into the familiar defensive position.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘No…’
‘I’ll make a point to prove it to you. Although…perhaps I should not do so too much whilst Wade is around or I may find myself at risk of losing appendages.’
‘Absolutely. We are working around our remaining differences and coming to understandings. We are also working to show the rest of the world that we have learned from our mistakes and we will do everything in our power to ensure they are not repeated,’ Tony’s voice is confident as he continues to field questions from the reporters.
‘Aha!’ Peter holds up the ice cream tub in victory and grabs two spoons from a drawer. ‘Because I’m a genius?’
‘Yes, I sent the signal. Be careful.’
(See the end of the chapter for
An answering smirk creeps onto her lips and she moves to the speaker on the side of the wall. Pressing the button so her voice will carry throughout the facility she gives Tony a wink and says: ‘Avengers assemble!’
There’s a solid hand on his shoulder and Peter’s desperately trying to blink back frustrated tears behind his mask, glad for the material so no one can see them. ‘You alright, kid?’ Steve asks quietly.
‘You’ve been listening too well to my lessons,’ she comments as he continues to hold her gaze.
‘I’m alright but Sam’s unconscious,’ she replies, seeing the soldier’s face appear in the window. ‘Go check on the others! I’ll get him out.’
‘You alright?’ Tony sits up, worried.
‘You’re Flash Thompson, right?’
‘Stone keeper,’ cosplayer calls, addressing Strange, ‘does this chattering animal speak for you?’
‘I’m sure during our first encounter-’
want to join or not.’
’ he asks Sam.
Stark laughs. ‘Nah, he’s not really. He managed to plan a way to get to speak to someone to help you, I’d just say he’s not all that up to date on celebrity culture. Which, as I said, I’m really not complaining about.’
Peter sees Clint look over at Natasha and the two of them have one of their silent conversations. He’s never asked Natasha about her and Clint’s history, but he knows they’re close in a way that’s different to how they are with the rest of the team. Clint breaks their eye contact and looks down at his hands with a sigh. ‘If I’d lost Nat for the sake of a piece of rock I’m not sure what I’d have done,’ he says eventually. ‘Nebula takes the Soul stone.’ Natasha reaches over and squeezes the archer’s hand.
‘Yeah, yeah. Sorry, I just-’
As always here's your sneak peek:
Bucky goes back to help Wade
‘Why?’ he asks, and they hear a couple of repulsor blasts.
good reason.’
‘Kid, focus!’
‘Silence!’ Thor thunders. ‘Loki is my brother and a Prince of Asgard and will not be spoken of in this manner. Or did you forget that he sacrificed himself to save you?’ He turns back to his friends. ‘I shall explain later but it seems the glamour our father put on him has faded as his life energy dwindles. His skin will give us frost bite if we touch him. How are we supposed to move him now? It could kill us to try.’
I look at him and know I can’t make any kind of shit excuse up. This has got to be the rotten, stinking, shitty truth. ‘It’ll kill him as well as you. He can move on from me. He won’t move on from you.’ Tony looks like he’s going to argue. ‘I’ve got the best chance of surviving. Now give me the fucking gauntlet!’
‘How does a proper team Christmas sound to you, Hermione?’ he asks her in response.
Loki pauses as they head towards the door. ‘In truth? I’m not sure I can say what the deciding factor was. Thor’s full acceptance of my Jotun form was one, and the Spiderling’s reaction another. I suppose I realised it was time to stop ignoring what I was and to attempt to embrace it if I ever wanted to be truly comfortable in my own skin.’
Peter nods and picks up his bag and heads towards his room, Tony ruffles his hair as he passes him and he feels a little of the tension leave his shoulders.
‘I’m heading to bed, unlike
‘Dude you were born like a century ago,’ Sam says, and there’s the sound of a scrabbling going on behind him, which he imagines is Bucky trying to take a swipe at Sam.
‘Don’t play dumb,’ he fixes the scarred man with his best don’t-give-me-that-bullshit expression, the one usually reserved for Peter these days. ‘I’ve noticed the way you look at Peter. You care about him as more than a friend.’
much mischief while I’m gone.’
Tony tunes them out. For the first time the whole team would be here for Christmas, and he knows
‘And what is that?’
Wade shrugs. ‘I get it if you don’t want your classmates to know you’re dating someone a lot older than you, but you should have just said and we could have-’
‘Clint’s going to be the eyes,’ Steve nods. ‘So we think that’s who we’re facing then?’
‘Firstly,’ Wade says, gently placing Lila on the floor, ‘this building is not on fire and I’m not expecting you to fall into a fiery inferno at any second-’
‘He tried to take over the world, most of the world’s population is still on the fence or hating him. And you like him? Just like that?’
‘But I shouldn’t have let them do that! How can I protect people as Spider-Man if I can
‘Which means Uncle Bucky is the Wolf,’ Peter agrees.
of hostiles,’ is the response, followed by the sound of an explosion, ‘but we’re keeping our heads above the water. Sorry we’re not going to be able to help for a bit.’
‘I’m never late, that’s Tony,’ he protests.
Peter’s eyes go wide. ‘I-uh-I don’t know what you’re-’
‘Something tells me this is going to become a yearly competition,’ Natasha sighs, then winks at Peter and stands up. She meanders over to the counter via Wade, who has just come back in from the balcony, catching him just as he steps under the piece of mistletoe that Wanda had hung in the middle of the room. She gives him a quick kiss then continues to the bar. ‘I’m one ahead of you already, Barnes. Better catch up!’
‘Well from the looks of it, Daredevil was right,’ Rhodes says over the comms. ‘That entrance might be our best bet.’
‘Charming, Pep,’ Tony rolls his eyes as the woman leaves and the dark haired man sits on the space she’s just left on the bed. ‘Bucky-’
‘Nothing that’s not already fixed, Baby Boy.’
Tony faces off against Brock Rumlow
‘The ones the people had who held me hostage, they sounded kind of like normal weapons but with a bit more power behind them. These though. They don’t sound like normal weapons, they sound more like what the Vulture had,’ his voice gets quieter towards the end, and Sam sees him hunch in on himself.
. What the hell were you thinking?’
‘You’re Tony
‘Tony, I thought we agreed not to disturb him until-’
‘You talking about the same thing I am? Because I’m talking about a tree and I seriously hope you don’t look at trees that way.’
‘Told you I’d be in trouble,’ Tony tells Peter as they step into the common area.
‘Oh yeah that was one of the worst years, we barely had the money to keep the house warm.’
‘Well technically we buy them for her rather than make them. I think this is the first time I’ve ever actually made one,’ he replies. ‘But we usually let her choose the films and have a duvet day.’
Love always,
Barely ten minutes into the drive and most everyone has dozed off. Wanda is curled up against Vision, his arm around her as he watches the streets of New York go by, seemingly not needing any sleep; Sam and Rhodes have found their own windows to lean up against, and Steve is sure he can hear faint snores coming from the Colonel. Natasha is sleeping up against Bucky, the soldier’s normal arm over her shoulders as he dozes off himself.
long discussion on why he turned up,’ Tony says. ‘And just what do you think you’re doing?’
‘I don’t see why not if you feel more comfortable doing it that way,’ the trickster responds, and Stephen breathes a quiet sigh of relief. Despite a large amount of the pain disappearing from his hands and them being much steadier than before, he’s positive that moulding the clay by hand would have been beyond him. Now all he has to do is decide what he’s going to make with it.
, please. Just- let’s talk realistic for a change.’
‘Pete I want this more than all the unicorns in the universe. What I don’t want is to fuck this up by doing it before you’re of a legal age.’
‘What? Ned it’s not like that, it might take a bit of time. I think we need to be, you know,
‘Peter, may I have a word?’
‘You are right my brother-in-arms,’ he claps a hand onto Wade’s shoulder, ‘I would have enjoyed a hunt again. But it seems not everyone here was in agreement and, truly, hunts are only enjoyable when you have a group of you to partake. Besides Tony and Steve have promised me a fitting substitute, and as long as we have enough food to feast to our hearts’ content I shall be happy.’
There’s a ring of agreement from the children and, as they steadily make their way through their meal, the children ask Loki for more and more elaborate ice shapes. Eventually Wanda and Strange each help  him with shaping the ice and making the shapes come to life so that, by the end of the meal, there’s a veritable zoo running between plates and serving dishes.
Steve grabs Tony and pushes them both down to the floor between the two rows of chairs, half-covering him with his own body.
'There's only three people still alive that have stuck by Tony through everything, Cap. That's me, Happy and Pepper. Anyone else who stuck around through his temper tantrums and mood swings died a long time ago. Everyone else he trusted? They betrayed him or walked away from him.'
Tony’s quiet for so long that Steve sighs and turns to walk back inside. ‘Why do we keep doing this to each other, Steve?’ the inventor’s quiet question stops him. ‘Ever since the Accords we just seem to find an argument in everything.’
Tony nods, and links his fingers, resting his elbows on his knees and pressing his mouth to his hands. It’s been four days since Steve would have received the document. The document that has taken over Tony’s life for the past six months.
‘That does make me feel better,’ his mother laughs.
‘No, now you’re giving it to me. Why
‘Wait we have them here?’
to have Captain America as a new toy; and they’re still rather upset you’ve got dear Sergeant Barnes with you as well. They would like their prized possession back.’
Wade pouts. ‘Please?’
. I just let them kill people and take us hostage. Then they used me against Mr Stark and,’ he trails off and Tony can hear the tears in his eyes when he adds, ‘I just keep disappointing him and I don’t want to do that anymore Aunt May.’
‘I know I can,’ the dark haired man grins.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Tony I swear you keep this up and I might be tempted to gag you,’ he groans.
‘Why don’t the Avengers host it rather than Stark Industries?’ Pepper suggests.
‘I promise we won’t do get help the next three adventures we go on,’ the blond haggles.
‘He really does care about you, doesn’t he?’ Strange muses as they watch Tony pull him into a hug.
Zemo’s smile melts from his face to be replaced by something that Steve can only describe as a fanatical hatred. ‘All of you destroyed. Preferably by each other, whilst I have a front row seat. Why don’t we start with the most poetic of all, hmm? The Winter Soldier taking out Captain America. You, the Black Widow, and Hawkeye; three of the original six turning on the other Avengers. Then no one will
‘I did! I told you the next person was coming.’
‘Bucky…’ Steve’s voice is pleading and it damn near breaks his heart.
A/N: Hi everyone! First of all thank you to everyone who is still reading this story, to everyone who has left kudos, and for everyone who has left reviews. I'm so sorry I haven't responded to any recently, I will get around to it I promise, it's just been very hectic the past couple of weeks.
‘I’m not giving you his name,’ Peter says, voice firm, ‘he knows who I am. It’s a mutual secret.’
‘I don’t behave that often,’ Tony retorts, ‘but I can manage it enough to get along with everyone. You should try it some time.’
‘Why does that not fill me with confidence?’ Sam sighs, rolling his eyes but leaves them in peace.
Deadpool holds up a hand. ‘I know you can look after yourself, Baby Boy. I
‘Shoot him,’ Hammer says, stepping back behind his row of guards, ‘and bring me Tony Stark.’
‘I know right? Miracles do happen.’ Strange makes a thoughtful noise in response. ‘Look, Strange, the team likes the guy alright? He’s done a hell of a lot to prove he’s not the guy that started the Battle of New York, and I honestly think everyone would be
Vision rushes across the street, quickly pulling pedestrians out of the way as she feels sweat trickling down the side of her face.
‘Alright,’ Wanda calls, ‘who wants hot cocoa?’
‘You can shut up while I check. You had a fucking
She gives him a funny look but nods and goes to sit behind the desk again. He busies himself texting Natasha for his check in and doing some more of his school work as he waits; then he messages Ned to see if he’s available to meet up tonight. Something tells him he’s going to need his guy in the chair to help put everything together.
‘No!’ Tony, Bucky, Natasha and Wade all chorus at the same time. Peter just pouts and crosses his arms.
‘She isn’t the only one who would need training, but yes.’
thing for the kids at school to tease me about. They’ve already got a list a mile long.’
They’ve restarted school now most of the building is repaired, and he’s miraculously managed to still keep the fact he is Spider-Man a secret. He keeps looking down at his phone, but no new messages have come in.
Peter just laughs. ‘Good to see you guys too. And I’ll be honest, some normal would be nice right about now. We only just finished repairing the facility after all the stuff that happened over summer and I think everyone is ready for a break.’
He huffs in annoyance. ‘I was born ready for anything. Now smile for our new guest, ladies.’
Peter has so many questions, but he knows Wade needs to hear some reassurance from him right now, or he’ll never open up about what it is he has to say. Deciding he can leave his questions for the discussion with the rest of the team he reaches up and presses his lips to Wade’s, finally feeling the mercenary relax against him. ‘I love you, Wade, and there is nothing that can make me doubt you love me too,’ he tells him when he pulls away.
‘What? Are you serious?’
‘Can someone please-’
‘Whatever you think you know, Hammer,’ Tony growls, ‘you don’t know
Tony’s quiet for a moment, studying the red-faced and sombre Captain. ‘How about I teach you?’
Wade sighs. ‘I lost Vanessa, if I lost Peter in the same way it’d…it’d break me.’ At Tony’s questioning eyebrow Wade briefly tells him the story of Vanessa, from leaving her to sign up to the Weapon-X programme, to finding her again and her death just as they decide to start a family.
‘What are you planning, Tony?’ Loki asks with a sigh.
‘Look it’s all on his side I swear. But the point is just being friends with him has made a difference. He tends to only take protection jobs now.’
Love always,
‘We’re sure glad you’re safe too, Hulk,’ Rhodes agrees. ‘Now how about we go see if Tony needs help?’
‘How long?’ Steve asks.
‘What you think it’s a walk in the park reliving all the people you killed under someone else’s control?’ the soldier snaps.
‘They will
‘The image is not clear enough for me to be able to make them out clearly, and my Jotun is not as good as it should be all things considered. I’d be more likely to interpret their meaning and age should I see them in the flesh.’
be sorting out Christmas presents at this stage?’ Peter huffs, pushing the door opening and then stopping in absolute shock.
‘Peter and Loki have joined forces,’ Sam sighs from the sofa, ‘and are taking great delight in playing pranks on Bucky.’
‘Oh my god shut up!’ Sam throws a cleaning cloth at the merc’s face, much to Peter’s relief.
‘Betty being Ned’s ex?’
Unfortunately he doesn’t notice the person sneaking up behind him. ‘Work can wait, Tony’ Sam says from just behind him.
Wanda shakes her head. ‘One go. Then we’ll call it a day.’
‘Not yet, not until they’ve talked more with Strange,’ he replies as they fall into step. ‘Besides we have other things for them to focus on before we start worrying about inter-dimensional travel being added to that list. How are preparations for the Wakandan Accords going?’
‘Well Tony already tried talking him down and got smacked with a log. So if you think you can do better be my guest,’ he grumbles.
‘Room service?’ she suggests. ‘I’m a little tired if I’m honest. Let’s save the restaurants for the next few days.’
Sam laughs. ‘I’m the only one who has actually taken the time to get to know you Steve. I know you aren’t going to sit here and pass up an opportunity like this to help your friend.’
‘Way too much jumping and flipping,’ Bucky groans. ‘Even my
Dinner still hasn’t been served when Peter returns to the dining room, this time with Wade in tow. For such a large man he is doing a good job of hiding behind the teen.
‘Maybe a little,’ he admits, heading to the coffee machine.
‘Deal,’ Tony says with a small smile. ‘You alright?’
Steve sighs. ‘He won’t let anything happen to Bucky or Nat, that much I can trust to.’
‘Don’t know
‘Steve-’
‘Maybe you aren’t as well informed as you think then,’ Steve spits. ‘I’m sorry,’ he adds, ‘the soldier who has the prosthesis is my best friend, it’s not exactly been easy.’
wouldn’t be able to get him struck from the medical register.’
‘So you’re the one Nat’s been telling me about?’ he looks the teenager up and down. ‘Got to admit you’re not what I was expecting.’
Loki and Bucky face off against each other as Loki tries to return Bucky's mind to him. Meanwhile Strange and Wanda face Agatha.
squad?’ Sam asks, going to stand next to Andrew and read over his shoulder. ‘I mean I can understand the captain of a squad, but
‘Well as much as I appreciate hearing how wonderful I am, I’m not getting any younger here, Steve,’ Tony teases, trying to ignore the tears on his cheeks.
She opens her mouth, then seems to change her mind on what she was going to say. ‘Since I first met you when everything happened with Vanko and Hammer. Pepper mentioned it took you weeks to have a shower without a panic attack after you came back, and you still refused to go near baths.’
Peter grins. ‘I want to try out some of my training on Sergeant Barnes.’ Out of the corner of his eye he sees Natasha turn to hide a smile.
‘Wade give me the pizza.’
Please do let me know what you think and thank you to everyone who is reading this story and sticking with it.
‘That’s hardly the point.’
‘No, you go. I’ll stay here until they return him to his cell.’
‘Alright,’ Peter sighs and settles back down, feeling slightly better despite the conversation having taken a strange turn.
At Tony’s look he snaps his mouth shut. ‘Boss? Agent Romanov has asked you don’t start the grilling until she arrives.’
‘Oh yeah because Tony Stark is the most reliable source when it comes to appropriate language. Anyway that’s beside the point.’
‘No can do, lady, as much as I appreciate the offer I need to go back.’
Tony’s blinking and staring at him as though he’s struggling to process what he’s heard. ‘Wait….you want me to go to dinner with you? Tonight?’
Rambeau,’ she corrects Steve, standing up and holding out her hand for him to shake, ‘it’s a pleasure to meet you all.’
‘They’re friends, my king,’ she explains to him, ‘they are the ones Doctor Strange sent me to find.’
‘Because they’ll see that coming a mile away,’ Tony adds.
‘Yes, sir?’
supporting the other god or not. He just knows he’d rather the devil he knew than the devil he didn’t at this moment in time.
‘Oh good now there’s two of them,’ Okoye mutters, casting a look at her king out of the corner of her eye.
‘Alright,’ Tony huffs, ‘I admit I was enjoying the show. But I challenge anyone to watch you rip a log in half with your bare hands and
‘Palladium. Exactly Anthony. So what you need to do is give us the schematics for the arc reactor, and tell us how to create your new element – what was it called? Yinsinium wasn’t it? Give us all of that and we’ll let you build your own reactor. One that won’t slowly poison you.’
‘To be fair the bar is a bit crowded,’ he replies, gesturing at the area which is about three people deep. ‘I suppose a half-price bar is a good thing?’
‘Surprisingly not,’ he laughs in response. ‘And I would answer your question Colonel if I knew what marzipan
‘Good luck, Venom. And if you need anything, leave a message where we first met.’
‘You’re hurting me!’ she cries, desperately trying to get her feet under her. ‘Bucky, stop! What are you doing?’
‘Nah,’ Bucky chuckles, shaking his head. ‘I’m still going to beat him bloody if he upsets you, and God help him if hurts you.’
She sits next to him with a smile. ‘When we first started doing ballet you said you’d always wanted to do dance classes but hadn’t been able to afford it, so I looked around for a good dance school that did a variety of styles. This was the best one I could find so I got you three months’ worth of lessons; you can go to up to three classes a week and you can go to any combination of styles you want until you’ve worked out what it is you want to focus on. Then after that we can look at sorting out a proper schedule for you.’
‘I know I’ve spoken a lot, and most of this is stuff that people have already heard, but I hope you have learned something new from this presentation. Although none of the information itself may be different, I had to do a lot of re-evaluation of what I’d been taught in school when I spoke to members of the team about it, and I hope you’ve been able to do the same from this presentation. I’m sure there’s a lot of questions and I will do my best to answer them, but no promises.’
‘I’m having FRIDAY run diagnostics on EDITH, it could be Beck used her to send information to HYDRA. In which case we’ll have a trail to follow,’ Tony adds, ‘and Shuri and I are going through all the footage of Peter’s encounters with him to see if there’s anything there that can help.’
‘Why did you do it in the first place?’ he demands, rubbing his jaw. The dark look his friend gives him reminds Steve that the other soldier was recently one of HYDRA’s best assassins.
‘Alright, alright. Fucking hell you got your panties in a twist. Need some help getting the spandex out of that tight arse?’
‘Why did you let me?
‘Yes.
‘What about T’Challa?’ Wade asks.
‘Yeah well call me paranoid. I’ll head over to check the blast site and lend a hand to the officers in the cell block. Vis? Join me when you’re finished and let me know if you pick up anything from that weasel.’
Love always,
‘What if we can’t get him? Or what if he isn’t as good as he says he is?’
‘Tony we had to put the cab fare on Stark Industries,’ Steve says a little sheepishly. ‘Is that alright?’
Peter sighs. ‘It’s not that I don’t appreciate the offer, Deadpool,’ he says, ‘but I barely know you, and what I do know about is that you’re a killer with questionable sanity.’
him?’
‘I’ll miss you, Deadpool,’ Peter says quietly. ‘Stay safe.’
Steve can’t help the warm feeling in his stomach at Tony’s words. ‘He’s also got your run away mouth.’
Thor wanted to cause as few headaches for his friends as possible, including not having Tony take on building regulations on his behalf.
'Hey Pete, we need your help with a mission. Suit up and meet us at this address when class is over.' There's an address after it a couple of blocks from his school.
the rules I put up around this.’
‘I,’ he clears his throat and a faint blush colours his cheeks, ‘I, uh, may have left some, uh, bruises last night.’
He turns to look at Deadpool. ‘I hope those “asshole senses” isn’t a jab at my spidey ones.’
‘Then I’d say that’s a victory, Tony,’ Vision says, raising his.
‘Try putting the second stick in then,’ he sighs.
‘Yeah she’d definitely be helpful, but I think we’ve got enough help so far,’ she gestures to where Tony is already hovering in his boots, a box of icicles in one hand. ‘You want to put the star on the top?’
Steve waits next to Natasha and Clint on top of one of the buildings surrounding the old Expo site. Rhodes is currently doing a scan of the area with his armour, and they’re waiting for his results to move. The rest of the team is stationed around the area in groups, all waiting for his signal, Bucky’s in charge of one and Sam the other until Rhodes returns to them.
‘Then why are your jeans ripped?’ he asks softly. ‘And why do you feel like you’re about to bounce off the walls?’
chocolate chips for the cookies.’
Tony knows he shouldn’t, but he can’t stop the roar of rage that erupts from his tattered throat and lungs as he tries, and fails, to launch himself at the smirking man. Hammer’s laugh does nothing to stop the tears of frustration from where he lies on the floor.
Loki grins. ‘I am a Trickster after all. This should be simple.’
‘This is not the conversation we need to be having,’ Steve grumbles.
‘Thank you,’ Bucky tells him.
Before Tony can say anything else Dr Hill returns. ‘Well, Mister Parker,’ he says, ‘from what I can see I’m going to guess that you’ve not been eating as much as you need to for your enhanced metabolism through the day, and you’ve overdone it during your training session this morning. Have I got it right?’
‘Are you trying to egg them into a fight?’ Wanda hisses in his ear; he just waves the question off and goes to grab a cue.
‘Oh, come on, Francis!’ I call out. ‘I don’t have time for hide and seek! I’ll tell you what: you come out now and I promise I’ll kill you quickly. If you keep hiding so the others have to come and find you, I’ll get Loki to freeze you in place and kill you slowly.’
‘Was everyone more paranoid than me or something?’ he asks.
‘It looks like the one my grandfather got us the last Christmas I was here,’ Quill’s tone is a little wistful.
holding
‘He’s right, if I direct my magic to my hands I can restore them and I could have gone back to being a surgeon; but then I could not be a Master of the Mystic Arts.’
‘Oh god the kids and Laura are there,’ Scott feels his face go white at Steve’s comment.
Silence greets that statement.
‘Like hell I can’t!’ he shoots back. ‘Mr Stark needs help!’ Then he looks down at the phone in his hand. There is someone else he can call.
‘I never realised how frustrating it is trying to keep things under wraps,’ Tony grumbles.
‘Thanks,’ he replies, making sure he gets all of the information written down. ‘I’ll let you know if I hear anything else.’ He makes to stand up and leave.
‘Well next time he decides to keep you away from your responsibilities to your company and the world is not ending I’m going to have a word with him myself,’ she huffs, going to make herself a coffee.
‘I would have thought you’d enjoy having Peter on your team next time, Buck,’ he tries to joke back.
‘Wade Wilson,’ Francis turns to face me, a huge smug grin on his stupid ass face, the click of guns like a really bad accompaniment, ‘of course it would be you. How many other people could manage to be so irritating?’
‘Pete?’ he hears May say. ‘You going to tell me what’s wrong?’ The bed creaks as she sits down.
Tony just laughs. ‘He wants you to strangle it with the chain, babe, just like Leia did with Jabba the Hut.’
He smiles at the boy. ‘You always get fidgety when you bring him up, because you don’t think I want to hear you talk about him.’
‘Who the hell do you think you are?’ Flash demands.
,’ Steve says for what must be the fifth time in the argument.
‘I’m curious now though,’ Sam pipes up. ‘You said you’ve known you’ve been bi for a while, so I take it you’ve either had a boyfriend or had a crush on a boy before right?’
‘You’ll have to see won’t you? You want to break?’
‘I’m not sure what you mean-’
‘I am,’ the blue eyes turn to face him now, face determined. ‘This- learning Thanos is coming and we’re facing the biggest threat we’ve ever faced, it’s made me think I should be taking all the opportunities I can to be with you, Tony. I don’t care if we don’t do more than sleep in the same bed,’ and there’s that beautiful blush again, ‘I just know I’ll be happier waking up next to you than I will be a couple of rooms away.’
As Wanda’s voice fades away, the Guardians following in her wake, Bucky raises an eyebrow at Natasha. ‘What do you think all that was about?’
So there I am, minding my own business, disembowelling enemies like a pro, because let’s face it I’m the best pro out there at disembowelling people, when I see old Star-Spangley-Suit give Tin Can the last stone. I’m not going to lie he looks fucking awful. Like seriously worse than when he had all that palladium poisoning shit. Worse than me when I came out the other end of that polar bear. And that was
‘Ned just drop it,’ Peter snaps. Ned opens his mouth to say something else when they hear someone’s excited shout of ‘Oh my god is that Tony Stark?’
‘Tony?’ Vision’s worried voice comes through the comm link. ‘He’s managed to knock Doctor Strange unconscious, if we can’t defeat him soon or get Strange away then we’ll lose the Time Stone.’
from?’ he asks his old friend.
Peter doesn’t let go of Wade’s hand as they head up to the common area, all the others have already arrived and they take a seat on one of the couches.
‘I know it’s not easy- what on earth is all that noise?’ For the first time ever Bucky hears the nurse’s tone slip into annoyance and allows himself a small grin. Someone has finally managed to ruffle Belinda’s feathers.
‘Why? Is it that shit?’
‘I believe he also made a comment about the teenager the Avengers have been showing an interest in,’ the first woman adds.
‘Tony!’
,’ Wade curses softly behind her. ‘I’d know that fucker’s voice anywhere.’
about coming here,’ he admits.
‘Of course!’
‘We should be ready to move in a couple of minutes, Steve,’ Bruce tells him, not looking away from the humanoid.
‘And why those two in particular?’ Aizama asks.
in his chest doesn’t hit the concrete floor; he’s still struggling to breathe, not only because of the pressure on his lungs, but from the water he’s just been dunked in for the past thirty minutes. It’s just like being back in Afghanistan, and he’s pretty sure it’s no coincidence.
‘I imagine he’ll be running me out of the city as soon as he realises I’m here anyway, Baby Boy. I’m surprised they haven’t been knocking at my door yet. Maybe I’m more subtle than I thought.’
Strange looks torn but nods. ‘Alright. But I can’t hold it for long.’
‘Obi found me,’ he replies, his fingers moving slower over the pieces of an old repulsor in his hand. ‘His engineers couldn’t get the arc rector technology small enough to power up a suit and he knew we were on to him. So he came after the one I had.’
‘Looks like we’re just in time,’ Strange comments.
‘What are you talking about? All the tests were fully operational and functioned as well as a human arm, if not better in some aspects.’ The smile falling from his face again.
‘Woah! Slow down there, champ,’ Tony says.
‘I got a bone to pick with you, Tony,’ Fury’s irate tone comes from the entrance to the common area.
‘We used to have the whole kingdom join us,’ Thor says, a huge smile on his face as he remembers, ‘and all the best hunters would go on a hunt to bring down enough game to feed everyone at the feast. There was more food and drink than people could eat.’
‘Nah, I’m more hoping for a dog pile situation like the soldiers,’ he laughs in response.
impressed with that young man. As soon as Ross gets me out of here, he’s first on our list I can assure you.’
In the meantime please let me know what you think.
Karen had helped as well. They’d got up a map of New York and started ruling out certain areas, labelling other potential areas of interest, and flagging the first points that Peter could try and scope out safely without drawing attention from the team. There were pieces of paper stuck up all around his room with any information on they thought important, and Ned’s laptop had a couple of documents where they recorded anything else. All of it came from Peter’s memory of discussions at the facility, and from what he remembered being mentioned during the fight and capture.
‘Oh boy,’ Peter says with a grin as one of the men turns and gets the handle of a katana to the forehead, dropping like a sack of bricks.
‘You remember Monty and Dum Dum getting into that war-long argument about which country made the best whiskey?’ Steve asks, a grin on his lips.
brother?’ she grins.
A folder containing the newly agreed Accords. They would be separate from the UN as before, but would not be able to perform missions without express consent and would still be answerable to the Council. They could, however, go somewhere if the need was deemed great enough without prior consent. Tony had purposefully left that as ambiguous as possible. He’d argued for
So without further delay (and before Wade decides to come back from his sulking) here’s the list of options:
Peter smiles and turns to look up at him. ‘As long as you’ve got my back, Wade,’ he tells him, running a hand up to cup his cheek, ‘we can take on anything.’
‘I was not ignoring it,’ Tony counters, eyes closed as he leans his head back on the chair. ‘I was trying to find a substitute element.’
‘That’s possibly more information than I ever needed to know.’
Steve reaches over and takes hold of his friend’s hand, squeezing it in support. The tissue he’d passed him earlier has been shredded in the metal fingers, and there’s still a steady stream of tears flowing down his face.
‘Should we perhaps start with the limb extensions?’ Vision suggests. ‘It may be easier to then progress onto creating ice from then on.’
‘Fine. Do you want me to drop him off?’
‘Nakia, you and Natasha get Sam to our vehicle and call for backup. We’ll stay and help,’ T’Challa commands, tapping his necklace so his Black Panther suit spreads out over his body, then leaps over the car in front of them to help their friends as soldiers pour out of the van.
‘Oh screw you,’ he mutters.
Natasha raises an eyebrow at him. ‘We’ll get more information out of him on the way there,’ she says as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world. Which really, Steve realises, it should have been. ‘And anyway Fury’s given me the power to call it off at any time, and I’m happy enough with that.’
The dark-skinned lady is beautiful, with long pure white hair and piercing eyes that make Peter wonder if she doesn’t also have some sort of telepathic abilities. She’s wearing a black dress and cape and looks as if she could have stepped out of a fantasy novel. ‘You should thank Nakia for our involvement,’ she replies, and Peter is surprised to hear an American accent, ‘it was her report of you that allowed me to convince my tribe to lend aid. Although I am willing to help the outside world, my tribe is not; they see it that they nearly lost my mother and me to the influences of the outside world, and were worried I would return there.’
‘It’s one of the few potential leads we have,’ the teenager’s tone is firm, ‘and if it can get you back I’m doing it.’
‘Like I said: you’re breaking the rules and so am I,’ he reaches for Wade’s pyjama trousers.
‘Hello,’ Steve replies, and tries to ignore the sniggering from the bed. ‘You really weren’t joking when you said you’d get it all sorted were you?’
‘Is there anything that you think may be able to help?’
‘May arranged it with the school as a surprise for him,’ Natasha nods, they’re walking in a group around Tony making sure he’s blocked from view. Even Clint and Scott have joined them, having become rather attached to the teenager in their stay at the facility; neither of them have wanted to move away until Tony was more recovered, but they’ll have to return home soon or there’s going to be trouble with the Council. Steve knows Natasha has managed to get approval for them staying for now, but they don’t want to push their luck.
Whatever Ned is about to say in response is cut off by the obnoxious voice of another male. ‘Yo! Penis Parker! No ride for you today? You finally get fired or what?’
Tony just shoots her a smug grin. ‘Why doubt my genius?’
‘Now to me,’ Fury says as he comes up alongside her, ‘that face means you’re planning something. Do I want to know?’
‘Oh god he’s learning way too much from you Tony!’ Natasha laughs.
‘I didn’t get it till after everything went down,’ Tony says. ‘Obi was on to Pepper and she got grabbed in a meeting with Coulson, didn’t get back to me in time but she did get Coulson and go after Obi themselves.’
‘You wound me with your words, brother!’
‘Wonderful,’ he hears the blond mutter, but his attention is taken away from the pair at the wall as Bucky aims a punch his way and the two start sparring again.
Each of Wade’s enemies had been taken out with a single shot. Clean, efficient and as humane a kill as anyone could deliver. A complete contrast to the stories that had always been told about how Deadpool delighted in causing pain to those he killed. Bucky shakes the thoughts out of his head, focus on getting them both out of here then he can take all the time he wants afterwards to sort out the fiction and the fact behind the stories that were spread about the merc.
‘The scars?’
‘Trust that jackass to be the root of yet another problem,’ he groans, trying to ignore the knot of unease in his stomach. The recording Peter had sent him the other day flashes through his mind.
‘Shut up and hurry up,’ Steve rolls his eyes at him, ‘I don’t like the fact we still haven’t run into the Jotuns yet, and I don’t trust that they got crushed in the cave in.’
‘I-I- I don’t know what you’re talking about.’
‘Does a bear shit in the woods?’
‘Sam? Sam!’ she turns to look at him, seeing the man’s eyes are closed and tries not to panic. ‘Dammit, don’t do this to me bird brain.’
Natasha nods. ‘No one’s exactly sure what happened, but it looks like it was part of a programme to create soldiers with mutated genes to be sold to the highest bidders.’
keeping
‘Ever feel like you’re surplus to requirement, Spangles?’ Tony quips as Wanda starts outlining the basic plan for the day.
‘Nice to finally see you’re not a figment of Peter’s imagination,’ the girl smiles at him, putting chalk on her cue. ‘You breaking or am I?’
‘It is alright, Mr Stark, these men need no introductions,’ August laughs, ‘come along, gentlemen.’ He looks at Loki. ‘I am particularly interested to speak to you, Mr Laufeyson,’ he raises a hand at the surprised look Loki gives Tony, ‘fear not, Mr Stark made it perfectly clear I was not to alert anyone else to your identity. I am a scholar first and foremost, and the chance to have someone translate these markings is not one I am prepared to pass up.’
Wade shrugs. ‘We haven’t got any other ideas. And I’m not sure your dear Mommy Spider would be expecting you to let us do that.’
‘I am Groot.’
‘Shuri I think Peter has a choice in the matter,’ T’Challa sighs. ‘He isn’t a stray dog you can just adopt because you feel like it.’
‘What?!?’ Peter’s so surprised he loses his grip on the ceiling and ends up landing on his head, thankfully missing both of the children. ‘Ow,’ he grumbles, ‘Wanda!’
‘There’s that Captain voice,’ Tony chuckles. ‘You trying to give me orders again?’
It takes Natasha less than two minutes to work out the best path for them to take. Really Bucky should know not to underestimate her at this stage.
‘Bingo! Well done Miss Romanov,’ Hammer’s grin is back.
‘What have you gotten yourself into
Then there’s a roar of fury and the hands are gone. He hits the floor and groans, trying to crawl somewhere. His vision is starting to clear, and his hearing is getting more focussed. There’s a horrible, sickening crunch, followed by the sound of someone throwing up; then the sound of a body hitting the floor.
‘Bucky!’ Loki’s voice snaps him back to reality. He blinks at him a couple of times. ‘I’m sorry,’ the trickster’s voice is soft, ‘I thought you knew.’
‘Mr Loki, sir, is it really true you can do magic?’ Cassie asks him as Scott loads her plate up with food, lisping over some of the words with her missing front tooth.
‘What? Steve you didn’t!’ he turns to look at his boyfriend in shock. ‘But you hate race tracks.’
Loki is quiet as they continue their journey to the training room, and Vision remembers Wanda’s lessons about not pushing people to answer questions if it seems they are reluctant to answer and does not add any more. ‘Are you confident with assuming your other form?’ Vision asks.
‘And it can’t fit in the truck because?’ Tony asks, pointing at the truck the three men had brought specifically for taking the three back in.
Then it goes flying
Tony steps forward, wrapping an arm around his waist, and then shooting up into the air, heading for the lab. Thor is flying with his new weapon not far behind them.
, he chants to himself.
‘You want us to time it around picking up your adopted son as well? Make it proper family time?’ the blond teases.
‘No you are not old enough to drink,’ the rabbit replies.
‘Stand down, Stark, or we put a bullet through the kid’s head.’ Around them the remnants of the force gather, guns pointing forwards. ‘We’re taking him back to the boss, it’s up to you if he’s alive or dead.’
‘Stop,’ his voice is cracking, not as strong as it was before.
‘No more,’ Peter pants, barely able to hold on to his web as he lets himself down, hanging upside down from the web, using his feet to keep himself in place by attaching them higher up the web. ‘I will literally collapse if we try and do any more.’
‘Because Thanos was the one behind the attack on New York when we first formed? I’d say good but technically it’s our second war, the first one is against HYDRA.’
‘When exactly did Wanda see Wade scars?’ Tony’s voice is dangerous as he cuts off Wade's response and Peter tenses, eyes going wide as he looks to the girl for help.
Ever since Tony had walked off that spaceship with Nebula supporting him, and the genius had collapsed into his arms it’s taken every shred of his self-control not to pull the shorter man back to him.
‘You’ll become the most powerful Sorcerer Supreme,’ Agatha continues regardless. ‘If you live long enough of course. And considering I’m not letting you leave here with your power, that might not be as long as you intended.’
‘Did he say they will be coming home?’ Anxiety creeps into Vision’s voice.
, Lokes you can kiss. And it’s not like I’m short of experience here.’
‘Four AM, boss.’
‘I don’t,’ he manages to get past his dry throat. ‘You don’t have to listen to anything I say, Tony. I just…I wanted to see if you were…I…’ He can’t finish any of his sentences, everything he starts trying to say sounds so wrong and meaningless.
‘Yeah I know you are, Big Guy, just didn’t want to put too much on you. Now listen, Hulk, if you feel anything above you start to become unstable? I need you to tell me so I can stop moving things, you got it?’
Scott slumps in his chair, and Tony goes to pour him a glass of scotch. ‘Start from the beginning,’ he says, handing the man the glass. ‘What happened?’
Someone manages to pin him against themselves, arms wrapping around his torso and pinning his arms in place, legs trapped beneath theirs. The voice is strange though. They’ve never tried to sound comforting before.
The blond smiles sympathetically. ‘We’ve got team building games after dinner, why don’t you just stick with your friends for that one seeing as you’ll be going back to your rooms after?’
‘You want to be able to do a project from start to finish without anyone interfering unless you ask right?’ she grins at him knowingly. ‘No worries, white boy, now aren’t you supposed to be joining the idiots down in the cafeteria?’
‘We’re just going through the portal to the facility now,’ the teen responds as Wong sends his glowing magic ropes towards the alien to hold him in place.
! You make me sound like some stupid damsel in distress. I saved
Wanda starts singing. ‘O come all ye faithful, joyful and triumphant, oh come ye, oh come ye to Bethlehem.’ The staff around the residents stop talking and everyone turns to look at her.
‘You seriously kiss me like
are on the team. It’s not just you encouraging them, Baby Boy, and they’ve got the best people around to keep an eye on them when they decide if they
The man just shrugs. ‘Fair enough, I still get to look at your cute butt as you swing off.’
As always please do let me know what you think, and if there's anything you'd like to see in the future of the stories.
little
‘T’Challa,’ Steve greets the king warmly, ‘good to see you, and sorry you couldn’t make it at Christmas.’
‘Oh come on, Pool,’ he says, ‘of course I’m going to be worried about you getting hurt! I know you can regenerate, and I know you come back from basically everything. But that’s not the point. I don’t want you getting hurt because of me.’ Deadpool doesn’t say anything, but puts a comforting arm around his waist and pulls him against his side. ‘Not everyone in my life has the same kind of abilities I do,’ he continues, voice still soft. ‘It’s so easy for them to get hurt, for something bad to happen. The Avengers have each other and all their tech and everything; I’m worried about them but I know they have each other. But they’re also so far away. Sometimes it feels like you’re the only one that’s at my back when I’m here, like you’re the only one who can keep up with me. You accept everything without even knowing everything about me. I don’t want to lose you.’
‘You’ve considered asking her to be your consort haven’t you?’ At Loki’s surprised look Bucky lets out a laugh and taps his forehead again. ‘You don’t keep me out all the time you know. I’ve felt the odd worry creep through.’
Peter gives him a tight smile. ‘Sure I did. Got to protect my guy in the chair.’
‘Yeah, it only made me a bit tipsy. So they got me to drink another one. I think that one was rum. Then when I still wasn’t drunk they got me to drink another, and that one was definitely vodka. Can you tell Nat that drinks from her country suck?’
‘Pete you don’t look too good,’ Harry puts a hand on his shoulder, ‘do you want me to get Widow?’
‘Is that a question or an answer?’
‘Excuse you, I did not make anything explode. DUM-E did.’
Eventually they all manage to get onto the ice. Strange’s cloak is quite often the only thing that keeps him standing, and Bruce and Tony have a couple of near misses as Bruce finds his feet. Drax’s enthusiasm causes a couple more piled bodies, including crashing into Quill and Sam a couple of times. Eventually though he gets the hang of it and the super soldiers are able to leave him find his speed himself.
‘Not yet,’ is the response.
‘Most of the scientists working with us work in some of the outbuildings, or in the labs downstairs, but we thought it would be more interesting to show you where the crazy scientists of the facility do their work.’
bad after all.
‘Good question,’ Steve smiles, ‘yes we do if one or two of us are going with a team into the field we’ll do a couple of runs of this course and others so they can get used to how our abilities work in the field. So many times stories of what we can do get blown out of proportion and if an agent doesn’t know
‘Maybe that’s also why he
‘You think it’s worth checking them out?’
‘I feel that you may have read one too many of those printed cards the stores insist on selling,’ Loki grins at him.
‘So Steve is my next babysitter? Poor you, Rogers,’ he snarks as the Captain walks into his hospital room.
Tony seems to notice it at the same moment, or FRIDAY tells him, because he looks over the top of the trees and spots some black dots heading their way. ‘We’ve got incoming,’ he says, ‘so how about we park this discussion for now and keep these guys busy until the others get back?’ He doesn’t give Peter time to answer and takes off to intercept some of the aircraft.
‘How did you guess?’ Steve rolls his eyes.
He waves her off. ‘Wasn’t doing nothing I can’t do here. Now go bring our team back, Romanov. That’s an order.’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Aww, no “Avengers Assemble” this time?’ Natasha teases as they all start to make their way outside.
He hears Natasha mumble to Tony about getting FRIDAY to record, and the inventor gives her a quizzical look before punching some commands into his watch.
glad you are.’
again. Understood?’
Talk returns to planning for the next day, and Peter lets it wash over him. He can’t help the memory playing through his head as he pushes the food around his plate. Appetite gone.
are the one whose phone runs out of battery? Tony’s practically adopted you and you
I let Francis get away. And the fucker knows as well. The fucker knows I’m not from here. Shit what if he tries to find a way to cross… no Wade, don’t think about that yet. Step one: get out of here. Step two: find Barnes and make sure he’s alive so I can go back to the facility. Step three: find Widow and get back to said facility.
Deadpool is quiet for a moment, then he sighs. ‘I’ve got to leave town tomorrow, Baby Boy. I’ve got a job.’
She doesn’t respond for a few moments. ‘He wants to try us again.’
want to take a look now.’
Peter looks around, seeing that, thankfully, it’s only a small part of the facility that has been brought down on them and the majority is still standing. Already workers are running towards them, and on his HUD he can see Tony and Steve are already finding their way out. Then he catches sight of Wanda, her figure nearing the boundary and starting to disappear.
‘Bucky, what-’ Natasha starts as Steve scrambles to his feet.
Tony is worried as Wanda looks around, her eyes a little vacant as though she’s walking through a dream. ‘Why don’t we wait until we see the others to start on the questions?’ he suggests. ‘Did you want to shower and get changed?’ he asks Wanda.
‘Which is ridiculous seeing as I made
thinking. There’s too much going on in your brain for that.’
A/N: Please don't hate me for what I did to Tony! I still love you all I promise. Err...hope you enjoyed the chapter?
‘Right,’ Steve nods, deciding that’s something he’s going to ask about when they’re not in the middle of a fight, ‘you doing alright Bruce?’
‘Rise, my people,’ Loki says out loud, cutting off the chatter amongst the team. ‘I am aware I am not the king you would have chosen, however I am prepared to strive to be a king you deserve, if you will allow me to.’
‘Jarvis?’ Clint asks. ‘As in AI before FRIDAY?’
Tony smiles a little. ‘I never thought of that.’
‘Why? Why not just leave it to the Avengers to handle?’
‘Who would the three leaders be?’ Bruce asks.
‘Of course,’ the monk replies, rushing forwards to help Steve.
‘Hey!’
‘What? Tony-’
you’re seeing?’
‘Yes,’ Valkyrie answers for them, ‘we are looking for a ship that might be able to take us somewhere we can get a weapon to help defeat him. Do you know of anyone who could help? He is threatening another world and could threaten the whole universe.’
‘Of for Norns sake!’ Loki closes his book with a snap. ‘Both of you shut up. Thor go stand at the opposite end of the line and
‘I’ll take her to the jet, kid,’ the man says, grabbing MJ and flying up past him. ‘You stay there and we’ll come get you.’
Steve laughs. ‘I’m glad. Welcome to the team, Wade,
Putting down his knife he goes to check the contents of the pot. ‘That’s coming along nicely. Shouldn’t be too much longer now, remember it needs to come off of the heat once it’s clear.’
‘Did you ever forgive him?’ she asks.
‘-yeah I’ll give him that one.’
‘Oh no, Colonel,’ Loki grins, ‘I’m afraid a couple are ones you will be more than capable of doing.’
The blond rolls his eyes. ‘If they are warriors I want to be able to stop them before they crush you. If Thor is anything to go by Asgardians aren’t brilliant at controlling their strength around us mere mortals.’
‘You said they did conquests before? You think they’d do that again?’ Peter’s question is quiet.
‘Yes Fury is joining us for Christmas,’ Natasha says. ‘And T’Challa and Shuri are going to come over for lunch and then stay through to the evening; he’s also going to see if Ororo would like to join us.’
‘What’s been the favourite so far?’ Ned asks, as Peter puts his head on the table, resigning himself to no support at all from his friends. Ever since the three of them introduced Loki to ice cream it had become a sort of addiction for the trickster. One night he and Tony had gone up to the common room from the labs after working late and found him sitting on the sofa with a giant tub of vanilla watching TV, eating it straight from the container with a spoon. Tony still teases Loki about it even though the Asgardian isn’t entirely sure what is so wrong with the situation.
They look at each other in silence for an agonisingly long time, both breathing heavily. Peter is struggling to get his breathing under control and there’s tears falling down his face. Tony is obviously struggling to keep his expression neutral, but there’s pain in his eyes. Peter’s chest hurts knowing he’s put it there. He opens his mouth to say something when a noise catches his attention.
‘You back in the room now, Baby Spider?’ He replies by crouching down and trying to take her legs out from under her. She dodges and laughs. ‘I’ll take that as a yes.’
The humanoid shushes him. ‘I want to ask Wanda to marry me during our stay away for a few nights and I know it’s tradition to ask a male member of the family for permission first. As her father and twin are no longer alive, I thought you were the best candidate due to your relationship.’
‘I don’t believe you,’ Loki states, ‘but it appears we have little alternative.’
‘Dude,’ Harry laughs, ‘you were always one of the coolest people I knew, Pete, now everyone else knows it too!’
Everyone goes to small groups and start discussing ideas, Stephen stays by the breakfast bar, not feeling quite brave enough to force himself into one of the groups. Loki is standing not too far away from him and he notices Bucky walking up to the trickster.
‘It is still wise to check considering he was able to organise something similar in the past,’ Vision says, landing next to them.
‘Shit,’ Tony curses and the two turn to face their attackers. Soon they’re completely surrounded.
‘I never thought I’d see the day I was glad Wade Wilson was allowed to run his mouth,’ Fury’s tired voice comes from the doorway.
‘There’s something more about this that’s bugging you isn’t there Steve?’
‘Maybe one day,’ Steve agrees, closing his book, ‘when you’ve actually
He shakes his head, bringing the menu over to the bed and sits next to her, taking her hands in his. ‘You are the most important thing to me in this world, and I would rather spend the time with you, than I would working. Besides we all need a little break to be rested in preparation for our enemy’s arrival.’
‘See what I mean about not being fussed by a scene?’ Ned points out.
‘He’s used to it,’ Bucky reassures him, ‘I’ve been giving him bruises since we were kids.’
‘Look Stark as much as I appreciate the offer I very much doubt I’ll fit into any of your stuff,’ Wade sighs, lingering at the entrance to Tony and Steve’s walk-in wardrobe.
‘I’ve got to do
‘Tones? I’m ready when you are,’ Rhodes lands next to him in his War Machine suit.
,’ Peter rolls his eyes, ‘that makes me sound like Bucky.’ Steve can’t stop his laugh at this. ‘And I’ve been here since the start. I helped carry Vision in. Not my fault you get more distracted by your tech than Tony does. Plus I’m wearing bright red and blue, how did you miss that?’ T’Challa laughs at this. ‘My name’s Peter by the way, nice to meet you. And what I said was: would that be because Ultron was trying to make sure he could control the stone?’
‘I’m sorry!’ Tony cuts him off. ‘Earth is closed today. You better pack it up and get out of here.’
‘No! You don’t get it!’ Peter cuts off Sam. ‘This is the one place, the
‘Shit is that Peter?’ Sam asks.
‘We target the rest of your team,’ Hammer explains. ‘One by one. Perhaps starting with your dear little intern, Peter. Or should I say,’ his eyes sparkle dangerously, ‘now what was it you called him? Your “kid” I believe it was when we went to the school. How long do you think he’d last with everything we’ve done to you? He is young so he may be able to withstand more. Maybe we should go a little harder on him at first-’
Peter tries not to come across as defensive as he reaches into his pocket and takes out the piece of paper that he’d copied the addresses on earlier, he places it on the table in front of her and then takes a seat on one of the armchairs.
‘His spidey sense would have warned him not to though,’ Wanda points out.
‘Not everyone is as comfortable with your advanced technology as you are Tony,’ Vision says from the sofa. Wanda, sitting next to him, gives a big smile when she sees Bucky.
‘We should get out of here,’ he tells Wade, and the merc looks up to see the gathered school watching them through the window the next floor up.
?’ the teen takes a couple of steps closer to the two men. It’s the first time he’s seen the mercenary without his suit on: he’s in jeans and is currently taking off a thick winter jacket. ‘What the hell is
His guest lets out a dark chuckle. ‘I told you Wade Wilson wouldn’t take that bait.’
‘Just give me what I want, Anthony,’ Hammer’s voice is right in his ear now. ‘Or I might have to ask your beloved
‘There!’ Steve says, pointing to a spot not far from where Thor and the others arrived.
‘The suit filters out smoke, Wade,’ Peter says in a tone that clearly states they’ve had this conversation many times.
He hears an unimpressed huff behind him and grins, catching the swinging bag and looking over his shoulder. ‘I was trying not to disturb you,’ Peter grumbles, ‘next time I’ll just tackle you.’
‘Doesn’t look like much has changed since I last saw you all,’ the wizard chuckles. ‘Does it ever calm down in here?’ he motions to where Thor and Valkyrie are wrestling over what looks like the last of the mead that Tony now has to order in bulk.
‘Perhaps when you’re older,’ Strange says, catching Scott’s panicked expression over the top of the girl’s head, ‘and with
‘Quill not answering?’
Grabbing the chair at the kid’s desk he wheels it to sit in front of him. ‘Now I need you to listen to me very carefully, Peter Parker,’ he says, ignoring the slight glare May sends his way and looking straight into the tear filled brown eyes. The kid is desperately trying to keep any tears from falling, but nods and looks down at his lap. ‘And I need you to look at me while I say it,’ Tony adds, waiting until he looks back up before continuing. ‘You were something special today kid. You were in the middle of a hostage situation, in which your best friend was also involved. You were taken out, with a bomb strapped to you and a gun to your head, and placed in a bargaining situation. And you know what? You kept your head about you. You kept your cool and you followed very unclear instructions, and you trusted in a team that you’d not had the opportunity to train with properly. One of which you saved the life of. I saw you take out that terrorist that was about to fire on Wanda, without you I’d be having to explain to Vision why I allowed his girlfriend to get fried. I’m proud of you, kid, you acted like a true Avenger today.’
‘Hey Colonel,’ Peter squeaks as Rhodes waves at him in greeting.
‘Ok, Mr Harris would you mind splitting everyone into two groups please? You know your students better than I do,’ Steve smiles at their teacher. ‘The first group can head up to the labs first with Peter, Wanda and Sam. The second group can come with me and Natasha and we’ll start with the outside training facilities and end with the labs.’
The Avengers confront Peter about his friendship with the notorious mercenary; the team gets a call out and Peter goes missing after Tony snaps at him.
‘Groot I’m really sorry buddy I’m trying to understand you but it’s taking some time, think you can give me some more actions to explain?’ Peter looks down at the tree.
‘FRIDAY where is he?’
He rubs the back of his head awkwardly and looks as though he’s about to say something when an alarm sounds. ‘You’ve got to be kidding me,’ he groans. He looks over at her and motions for her to follow. ‘Briefing room, Wanda. They want to call us in.’
And then the world is silent and black. And its peaceful.
‘It starts at seven,’ Sam tells him, putting a piece of paper on his desk as he stands up to leave, ‘this is the address. I’ll try and keep Brock as busy as possible. Good luck.’
Rhodes laughs out loud as the sound of scraping chairs and numerous pounding feet echo from down the corridor as the whole team rush down the corridor. The sounds of fighting drift down to them, and suddenly Peter’s flushed face appears in the doorway.
‘Alright, decide on your goalkeepers and get into position. Two minutes till whistle goes,’ Rhodes says.
‘I didn’t want him to get hurt, there was so much that could have gone wrong-’
‘This is true. Shall we tell the team we are keeping the link?’
‘So what is this about really?’
‘Why don’t I take it?’ Carol suggests. ‘I can leave it with some trusted people, and if anyone does come for it my abilities are able to counter it’s power.’
‘Yeah, no one wants to look at this over the Christmas table,’ he says as the silence stretches on, turning so his back now faces the other man’s penetrating stare.
‘What’s the other reason for going to see a film?’ MJ replies.
‘Me too,’ the trickster returns the smile, ‘and it did come in useful this year did it not?’
‘We’re on it, Tony,’ Wanda nods, and then starts to usher the gathered people behind Thor to follow Vision; the group goes fairly easily when Thor reassures them they are safe.
Tony laughs. ‘Why don’t you guys go in? Steve and I’ll come in after.’
Vision and Rhodes are standing next to him, and if he didn’t know better he’d say the humanoid was nervous.
‘What was that?’ he hears Tony ask as tears blur his vision.
Anyway I'm going to stop giving you all my dissection of Tony's character and just ask that you let me know how you think this is going. If there's anything you think I need to change or that is working well.
‘I’m not freaking out I’m just surprised,’ she admits, ‘I mean Daredevil sounded like he was more up your street.’
‘Son of a bitch,’ Wade puts the gun back under his pillow and collapses back next to Peter.
. It’s New Year. It’s a party. Let the kid live a little.’
‘I hate you both,’ he huffs.
‘I see hope, Tony,’ Steve continues, ignoring Tony’s comment, ‘because as long as the light is glowing I know you’re still with us. You’re still breathing, still
‘Steve you seeing what I’m seeing?’ Natasha asks.
‘Then no. When’s Miss Potts due?’
A/N: I am so so sorry I didn't update last week. I ended up getting call for extra work things and have been trying to get ready for my masters course starting and completely missed the weekend passing me by. To try and make up for it I'm giving you last week's update, this week's chapter, and an extra chapter.
And of course everyone wants to know: does Tin Can still die? How do they beat Thanos? Well we still get the stones to the Iron Gauntlet, but its yours truly who plays the hero and snaps his fingers. So saving Tin Can, the universe, wiping out Thanos, oh and saving the author a ton in not being sued for emotional distress.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Probably because I’m faster and can dodge stuff,’ Tony can feel the movement in the bed from the boy’s shrug. ‘Now come on get up!’ he starts trying to drag the covers off them.
‘Um…Loki?’ Natasha comes back over. ‘Yours is moving.’
‘You make me sound like some kind of damsel in distress,’ Peter rolls his eyes, ‘it wasn’t
‘Sure thing, Pete,’ she smiles at him.
‘I’m sorry,’ Peter mutters, hating the tense silence. ‘I’m sorry I shouldn’t have let-’
‘I’m sorry.’
Steve and Bucky are standing next to one of Tony’s less flashy cars; Steve’s doing his best to be polite and welcoming to any kid that tries to talk to him, but it’s difficult when his dark haired friend is alternating between winding up Steve and seeing if he can scare off kids with his glare alone.
‘Oh, yeah, patrol right,’ he says.
‘Normally yes,’ he replies, taking the offered can, ‘but something tells me you’ve already had several death threats over the past twenty-four hours.’
‘Of your powers?’
Then he’s clawing at his chest, lashing out at the hands that are grabbing at him again. All the time water is filling his lungs and mouth and he doesn’t dare open his eyes, doesn’t want to see the world blurred and dark.
Natasha feels herself breaking into a true smile as she catches Sam’s eye and nods. Looks like they’ll be alright after all.
‘Because you can’t always rely on the suit,’ it’s Tony that answers, voice a little subdued. ‘What if the enemies you’re facing manage to take out the suit’s functions? Or you get caught without it?’
They spend a few minutes trading lazy kisses, and Steve is rolling Tony onto his back when the sound of heavy footsteps and grumbling comes from the corridor and they break away. Steve chuckles, sending warm breath over his face. ‘I think Peter’s woken Bucky up.’
‘Nah, Pete did his own fair share of saving me when it came to my dad,’ Harry laughs as the elevator doors open.
‘Oh if only he knew the truth,’ Rhodes says between laughter. Tony gets FRIDAY to pause the recording until the three of them can calm down.
Steve puts a hand on Wade’s shoulder and squeezes it. ‘Thank
‘Yes boss.’
Tony grins at Steve as he shrugs his jacket on. ‘You know I was born ready.’
Bucky’s voice comes through their link.
‘Try not to annoy everyone, we’re not exactly ready for a war,’ Valkyrie smirks at him.
‘Just like Monty. You think he became a vigilante after he stopped fighting?’
‘Daredevil asked for help,’ he answers, ignoring the ‘Really?’ that comes from Loki.
‘I wish you could come with me,’ he says more to himself as they open their lockers. He looks over to see his friend’s eyes bugging out of his head, his mouth open.
‘Tony-’
‘Sorry you had to arrive in the middle of chaos,’ Steve says, coming over to shake Strange’s hand.
Thank you so much to everyone who is reading this story, who has left kudos and comments. I'm so sorry I haven't got around to replying to comments yet. Dad's been in hospital for surgery this month, so I've only just been getting the opportunity to write this story. I'm hoping to catch up with all my replies between Christmas and New Year, so keep your eyes peeled for those.
‘Don’t you want to get to the meeting place while we can so we can wait for them?’ Bucky asks.
‘Yeah so Scott, Hope, Strange and Wong,’ Steve adds.
He nods. ‘Alright.’
‘Get those new volunteers out and down to the labs,’ he shouts, ‘and where the hell is everyone?’
Above them is the full might of Thanos’ army.
Both Sam and Bucky starts making incoherent noises and pointing at their mouths.
‘The park,’ he replies, firing up the suit and sending some distracting shots towards the alien. ‘Come on big guy, let’s go sightseeing.’ Now that he’s got its attention it comes lumbering towards him, reminding him very much of how Hulk used to be before they convinced him working with the team was a good idea. ‘Yikes,’ he says, as the alien grabs the ankle of his boot and throws him into the side of a tree, thankfully they’ve managed to reach the park where it’ll be easier for civilians to get out of the way.
‘I thought I told you I’m off the market for a while.’
‘Now, now, Quill,’ Rocket sniggers as he makes his way into view, ‘no one likes a sore loser.’
Peter groans, feeling the heat growing in his cheeks. ‘It’s fine. And I’m sorry about that.’
‘You can’t tell me when I can and cannot treat my patients,’ Blane scoffs.
Bucky can’t help but bring the trickster closer just before they move apart and presses a kiss to his still smirking lips. ‘Good,’ he says before moving down the line.
the aliens are defeated?’ Steve suggests jogging up to meet them. ‘It’s good to see you, Thor.’
‘Get Clint and Scott here within two hours,’ she cuts off Rhodes, ‘and everyone else be ready to move out at twenty hundred.’
‘And ever since Bucky has not been allowed to pick me up from school so that he doesn’t maim my classmates,’ Peter rolls his eyes.
‘Speak to you soon, kid.’
Loki nods. ‘Yes but we can’t delay much longer or I won’t be able to sustain it; I’ll be exhausted afterwards, but it’ll be nothing that rest cannot cure. You remember where you will arrive?’
‘Good man!’ Rhodes replies amidst fresh protests from the two solders. Sam can’t help but laugh and dig into his dinner, more grateful than he could say that he has a place amongst this crazy group of misfits.
Without thinking Tony rushes over to the boy and drags him out of Bucky’s grip, holding him in his own punishing hold and desperately trying to keep himself under control. ‘You’ll be fine, Pete,’ he says into the teen’s hair. ‘I swear to you he’s not going to touch so much as a hair on your head.’
Peter lets the others talk wash over him as he does his best to eat as much food as possible, his whole body complaining at the lack of energy. He’s only halfway through when Natasha enters the dining hall, Thor just behind her.
‘Boss override is being entered.’
‘Not a very good trap, Francis. I’m still here.’
‘After, it’s an earlier showing I want to go to,’ MJ says. They stop off at each of their lockers and grab what they need for the evening. ‘So how are your history projects coming on?’ she asks as they head out of the front doors just as the rest of the school gets let out of class.
compared to what he was like now. Though he has a feeling it’s affected by the fact they still have no news from Wade.
There’s a small smile back on Natasha’s face. ‘You really are turning into Papa Stark,’ she teases. At Tony’s frown she lets out a laugh. ‘We need to get all the team together and see what they can come up with.’
A/N: Hi everyone. Sorry I'm late with this week's chapter, and I'm extra sorry that I still haven't had time to reply to all the wonderful comments that are being left. I'm hoping to catch up this week.
Steve turns to face the newcomer and bites back on his anger.
His back hits something solid and suddenly there’s air.
‘I want to still be
The deadline for Bucky is getting closer, and the team aren't sure if they're going to make it. Tony has a visit from an old friend.
When he looks back up Wanda is grinning like the cat that got the cream. ‘Ok Happy I’m closing the screen,’ she says, reaching over and ignoring the man’s protests.
‘We’ve not heard from him for a day or two either,’ Steve now has a matching frown.
‘Not as such,’ Nick explains, ‘the majority of the Accords will apply solely to official team members; others, such as yourselves and Scott, who only help during certain scenarios would only have certain sections apply. There would also be safeguards in place for your identities should you want them to be applied.’
‘And what does that have to do with me? I killed people with my
‘Well yeah,’ Wade answers, ‘but-’
‘Then there was the time Falcon and the Winter Soldier caught him bullying Pete,’ Ned laughs, ‘I genuinely think he crapped himself.’
, he sends the merc.
‘And Captain America would forever just be a stage act,’ Natasha laughs from the kitchen.
‘I can’t believe it’s you!’ Peter whispers as Harry takes the seat next to him. ‘I thought your dad was still on the West Coast?’
‘It’s a much
Peter just laughs and releases Tony, then heads towards the elevators, leaving the older man with a matching grin on his face at the other end of the corridor.
‘We’re here,’ Quill groans, leaning against from of the wreckage of the assault course.
‘I’ll get started opening these then shall I?’ she says to the empty room, putting her coffee down on the table and reaching for a small box and unwrapping the paper. Inside she finds a small papier-mache Hulk, painted a bright green with a large roar on his face. She smiles and takes out the note that accompanies it, written in a young child’s scrawl.
be a happy man,’ Peter chuckles.
There isn’t much about the facility that Peter doesn’t love. But, next to spending to time in the lab with Tony, the training room is his favourite place to go. It’s getting all the fun of having the Spider-Man powers, without having to remember the responsibility.
Ajax in there we can’t risk Wade being seen until we’re inside,’ she replies. ‘The trucks usually stay in there for around half an hour: long enough for them to unload and then leave, so we’ll have that much time before we need to leave.’
‘Can’t blame a girl for trying.’
Wanda gives him a big smile and pats the bed next to her, spirting a spare duvet from her wardrobe for him to wrap around himself. ‘What do you want to watch?’
‘You even want to keep this from Obadiah?’
out and Dum Dum was convinced he was cheating?’
‘What’s that?’
‘He didn’t recognise her.’
‘Then I’m not doing it.’
‘Cool it, kid. I’m impressed not hurt,’ Bucky laughs, patting him on the shoulder. And suddenly the tension in the room starts to ease and Tony releases a breath he didn’t even realise he’d been holding.
‘Exactly. You landed a fair few hits on me, kid, but there was barely any of your strength behind it.
‘Tony what the hell is going on?’ Steve frowns, looking between him and Nick.
‘Agreed,’ Fury says, ‘and I don’t think it would be a good idea for it to be with the Power stone either.’
‘What no cookies?’ Tony asks, once they’re sat down. ‘You do realise I was asleep when you called? You could at least have given us cookies.’
‘What’s happening?’ Natasha asks, breath coming fast as she is obviously running towards them.
‘We’re waiting to find out where Flash is and then putting him in the opposite one,’ she replies.
‘Of course not,’ he scoffs. ‘He’s not that careless.’
‘The security is not as good as they think it is,’ Wade shrugs. ‘Don’t worry I’ve got all the gaps covered.’
Vision looks between Bucky and Tony, then sighs. ‘I don’t know. It may be, but it possibly may not be.’
.’ The door clicks shut in front of them and Tony breathes a sigh of relief. ‘Thank you, Wanda.’
‘Kid you’re sticking by me,’ Natasha says. ‘I’ve got so much to teach you.’
‘Perhaps,’ Wong’s tone is thoughtful, ‘there may be a way to trace the mystical energy. I shall speak with some of the masters in Kamar-Taj.’
‘Why? It’s only a couple of months, and if I hadn’t been caught in the snap I would be in my twenties by now,’ he argues.
need to be thinking about this and not just-’
heading that way.’ He shrugs. ‘Like I said you make him happy. You’ve got a lot of baggage and I’m concerned who might come after him from your mercenary background, but to be honest you can get that from his life as Spider-Man. And he can look after himself, I
Loki opens the basket and is greeted by a cold nose and a pair of blue eyes. ‘What-’ the occupant of the basket cuts him off by jumping out into his lap, and only being saved from falling to the floor by Loki’s swift reactions.
T’Challa laughs. ‘It’s good to see the two of them bonding with more people. I’ll admit those were the two I thought would hide away after the fight was over.’
Pepper blushes and sets her mug down, reaching for the pile of paperwork at her side. ‘I don’t know what you mean.’
‘We’re just going to ignore the fact that our youngest team member, who has only
‘Sharon?’  Steve’s surprised at the woman’s visit; they haven’t been in contact since the Accords. The former SHIELD agent is dressed in jeans and a shirt and, despite best intentions, Steve finds himself searching her features for any reminder of Peggy.
‘Not likely,’ Tony snaps at him, throwing two disks that land on Steve and Bucky’s chests. Nanites quickly spread out from them and cover the two of them in armour. ‘Sorry I couldn’t give you any weapons,’ he tells them.
‘You-wait, what?’ Wade’s eyes are wide.
‘Steve what’s happening?’ he asks.
Sam closes the book he’d been reading and sit up straighter. ‘Pete if you don’t want me to say anything I won’t. Unless I think you’re going to be in danger, alright?’
a Christmas if any of us hadn’t made it.’
‘Carol? You can fly but no powering through like you did in Wakanda.’
‘I can’t tell
‘Do you think Spider-Man will be there?’
‘He’s not been here for us to ask him,’ Steve points out.
‘We’ve got flankers,’ Rhodey points out, and they turn to see a group running around the outside of the shield, heading towards the lab where Vision, Shuri, Fury, Wanda, Bruce and the guards are waiting.
Bucky gives Hammer a blow to the back of the head with his metal fist and the man goes limp, the soldier slinging him over his shoulder and turning towards the exit. ‘I’ll come back as soon as this trash is in the Quinjet. Scott you alright to stay there with Steve and help defend it until we get back?’
glad the girl is on their side. She watches Clint take out two more with an arrow in his hand before nocking it to his bow and letting it fly, an explosion sounds a little later and some new guards are thrown to the floor before they even get a chance to join in the fight.
‘That wasn’t a question. We’re not leaving until I’ve finished drinking.’
‘I’m literally running with sweat and you want me to start
‘You do realise how much Tony would crucify you if I told him right?’
Peter, though, is now a bundle of nervous energy.
‘We are yours to command, my king,’ Lorena says, and the group follow Strange through his portal.
‘You fucker!’
‘I keep a watch list of individuals and beings from other realms that may be a threat to this world, as a master of the mystic arts it is my duty to see that they are removed from this world as soon as possible. Loki happens to be on that list and I have already asked Thor to remove him on a previous occasion, I did not think they would be coming back.’
‘Is that a challenge, Deadpool?’ Peter crosses his arms, knowing he’s being played but not actually caring.
‘So you might understand when I say there’s a difference between something
Peter feels physically sick. ‘Please tell me you’re joking. They were destroyed. They don’t exist anymore. Well, except one but that’s locked up in the facility and we’d know if they’d taken it.’
‘Hey it’s just as much my city as yours,’ Peter snaps, putting one hand on his hip.
before introducing him to many people, especially with, you know, his job and everything.’
‘You may have to be a bit more specific, Capsicle. Even though I’m a genius I’m not sure I follow.’
‘Because it was a pretty hot situation, kid. I wanted to find out a little bit more,’ she replies. ‘It seems the police found two of the assailants webbed to the walls, but one was unconscious on the floor, later in hospital he had a pretty good lump on his forehead. According to the police reports they started saying there was another guy in red there. They’ve put it down to getting knocked on the head and seeing double of you as there was no evidence anyone other than Spider-Man was there.’
‘Who the hell are you to tell us who we can and cannot invite into our home?’ Tony counters.
ears now, would we?’
‘I know,’ Tony grins. ‘I love you too, Cinderella.’
This has been so well received I'm actually tempted to do a couple more specials as spin-offs from 'Restoration' so if you haven't gotten around to reading it yet head over to the main story and take a look. Any suggestions for any other 'specials' will be gratefully received.
Tony leaves before Wade can voice any more complaints. He stands for about half a minute in shock, trying to process what has happened. Then he heads to the drawers under his window and pulls out the carefully wrapped box, with the tag “Baby Boy” attached.
‘Bucky lay off,’ Steve says warningly.
‘I only drink the finest and you know this,’ he responds.
‘Shut it Rhodey,’ he says, walking towards Sharon and taking the box from her, looking down at the lid where Steve recognises Peggy’s elegant handwriting spelling out the name ‘Anthony Edward Stark’.
Sam straps his wings on and fires them up. ‘Did I ever tell you how much I missed you Tony?’
‘Peter,’ Steve uses his full Captain voice and the teenager snaps his mouth shut, but he’s still frowning, ‘if you can’t find a way to balance school and being an Avenger, and you can’t demonstrate to me you have the maturity to balance them, you are off this team until you graduate. Is that clear?’ Peter just frowns at him and mutters something under his breath. ‘Want to repeat that, Queens?’
He doesn’t answer straight away, finishing what he is working on and then asking FRIDAY to run diagnostics. Then he turns to face her, wiping his hands on a rag. ‘Tough day?’ She grimaces in response and he just nods, wheeling his stool over to one of his many desktops. ‘I’ve got something I was looking at for everyone to have a couple of. Some smoke and stun grenades that we can throw and attach to any surface and can be activated remotely. Fancy some target practise?’
‘There’s only so high I can go,’ he laughs in reply, letting the boy fall down so he’s swinging him with his hands firmly grasping his chest, meaning he can swing the boy further.
‘It wouldn’t.’
‘Well when you put it that way I feel like I’m worrying over nothing.’
Bruce watches the teenager as he works at getting rid of the webs, eyes wide. He’s never looked at Ultron in that way before, and a large part of him leaving after the Sokovia incident had to do with the fact that he thought he was too dangerous to be on Earth either as Hulk or as Bruce. As Hulk he could level an entire city if left to his own devices. As Bruce he’d helped create Ultron.
‘Come on in, Pete,’ he says, doing his tie in the mirror, ‘you get the shirt I left for you.’
will be there to help you.’
‘No, May,’ Peter sighs, ‘I was sober again within a few hours, and my headache went around lunchtime. If I feel unwell at any point I shall call you. Now go enjoy yourself!’
‘Damn it.’
the thing you need to be questioning,’ Sam points out to the merc.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘You will not stop me from completing my plan,’ Thanos tells him, punching Tony, which the man dodges, but is then unable to dodge the next one.
‘Let me.’
‘I know,’ he admits, ‘I’m sorry I shouldn’t have jumped to making a decision but… it was the reaction the people he’d grown up with had when they saw what he really was. Even though he’d just apparently been prepared to sacrifice himself to save them they just wanted to let him die because he was something different to what they thought. It wasn’t his actions that were forming their opinion, it was something he couldn’t control. It…it reminded me of how people reacted to Wanda and Bucky when they first came back, and how people used to be about Bruce and the Hulk.’
‘Yeah,’ the archer responds, squinting out of the window, ‘yeah just saw something out the corner of my eye that’s all. Don’t worry it’s nothing.’
‘That’s more like it,’ Tony laughs.
‘Oh my god, you’re Spider-Man.’
still alive or if it’s just someone using his name as a way to try and screw us over.’
‘I don’t.’
‘Hey I was only one month out, that’s an improvement!’
‘Let’s go Rhodey,’ he nods and the two of them take off in sync to survey the situation outside.
Love always,
Tony’s caught somewhere between laughing and crying at the whole situation; so he just looks between the two super-soldiers with his mouth opening and closing as he tries to find the words to express his thoughts. ‘I’m not sure whether to be more pissed at the fact we have to get that thing home, or impressed that you actually managed to lift it one handed,’ he settles for.
‘Sorry,’ he looks down and leans against one of the tables. ‘I just…I didn’t want everything I knew about you to be from what others said, because I knew from that conversation alone they didn’t really know you. I didn’t want you to feel like I’d been spying on you or anything, especially since that’s all I’d heard and I hadn’t asked them for any more information. I just…’ he sighs and wraps his arms around his waist, ‘I wanted you to trust me enough to tell me about yourself.’
‘You,’ he looks away in shame, ‘you didn’t freak out over my face.’
‘Miss Natasha does.’
As always here's your sneak peek:
trying to save people and would get himself hurt. Or worse,’ he has to swallow past the fear that stirs up at this thought. ‘I was scared we weren’t going to get there quick enough and we’d lose him.’
The rest of the day passes in a blur. Wakandans come in and out of the suite with updates or messages from T’Challa as the country lends its help to finding the missing team members. The rest of the team analyses footage from the attacks, both in Vienna and in New York, for any clues that might give them a lead. Strange has gone to Kamar-Taj to speak with the sorcerers there on any ways they may be able to track them through magic; Loki and Thor have been locked up most of the day with T’Challa discussing how best to approach this from the diplomatic view point. Loki was not supposed to be bringing Jotunheim into the political game until further down the line, but it seems he was either unable or disinclined to contain his rage at their friends’ disappearance and has brought his involvement forward. For once Thor is the one having to council his brother towards a diplomatic solution.
Bucky looks up as the structure, weakened by the earlier fire, starts to crumble above him, beams sturdy enough to hold up the room start to buckle. If he keeps going he’ll be able to reach Wade and hopefully push the merc towards an exit and get him off his fixation for finishing off Francis and focus on getting out. But he’s not sure they’ve both got time to get out.
‘Tony?’
‘Not much of a genius to get captured by
Peter shrugs. ‘Part of Nat’s training regime.’
She wonders, as she makes her way down virtually empty corridors.
‘There he is! Come and see an old woman, Peter, I’ve been hearing nothing but praise about you, young man. Let me see how much you’ve grown since I last saw you,’ is the greeting Peter gets on Christmas Eve as he walks into the common area.
His excitement only grows as he catches sight of a familiar red clad figure waving at him from a rooftop. Grinning to himself, he changes the direction of his swing and lands in front of the mercenary with a slightly more dramatic somersault that usual.
‘Yeah,’ he finally gets a smile from the older man and finds himself relaxing without even realising how tense he’d been, ‘yeah we will.’
‘Oh yeah! Sorry babe,’ he grins apologetically and pulls a disc from his armour, placing it on Steve’s chest and waiting for the dark armour to cover the blond.
‘Maybe you should have more faith in our mini genius over here,’ Steve laughs, ruffling Peter’s hair.
he tells Loki. -
‘I really don’t think he’s going to be considered cool,’ MJ scoffs, ‘this is Peter we’re talking about.’
He frowns up at Wade. ‘It’s your turn.’
The man appears to pause for a moment. ‘Tony,’ he answers, holding out his hand.
‘He didn’t kill her.’
‘It’s not like anyone’s given him much chance-’
Peter holds Weasel’s gaze for a couple of moments, then looks down at the bar and just nods before pushing away, pulling Wanda with him.
now,’ the smarmy voice that Steve is starting to loathe with every fibre of his being says from behind them, as a row of soldiers block their exit.
Peter turns back around, ripping his mask off and taking in the sight before him. The rest of the team are in the common area, which is decorated with banners and balloons, including one big banner that says ‘Happy Birthday Peter’ along the back. Then he catches sight of the other occupants.
A strangled cry makes him look to the side, where T’Challa is cradling Nakia. Heart heavy, Steve walks over to them. ‘T’Challa…’
he behaves himself then you may invite him to Christmas. Is everyone content with this?’ There’s a chorus of agreements. ‘Are you happy, Spiderling?’
‘Peter! Language!’ May shouts from further in the apartment. Ned shushes him as Tony starts to answer, his face is hard and Peter is very glad he’s not the one on the receiving end of that look. If he’d thought Tony had been angry with him before, it was nothing compared to the obvious fury being directed towards that reporter.
Thanos roars in pain, clutching at the stump of his arm.
‘So have you if you understood it,’ Sam counters. ‘What is it with you? Why won’t you try? You didn’t properly try with Tony, otherwise there’s every chance he
‘I might not,’ Tony huffs, ‘but Steve should. If not we’ll raid someone else’s wardrobe. Now get in here so we can find you something and I actually have time to get ready myself.’
The next evening Peter is sat up on a rooftop catching his breath after a particularly busy patrol; he’s just finishing his call to Happy to leave his report when he senses the other man behind him.
He sighs. ‘Honestly? I’m not sure how much they support his actions. In a way I can understand them wanting to test that all our claims are true, but I don’t agree with their method.’
‘Course not,’ Bucky says, downing his whiskey. ‘Now go speak to Tony while I find Peter and see how long it takes for him to snap.’
‘Fortunately for you, however, Valkyrie was able to remain at New Asgard so I am still able to attend and teach you all I know of intergalactic diplomacy, including what my father Odin taught me.’
‘No one,’ Tony points a finger at them, ‘is to jump to any conclusions or do
‘Get moving,’ he lets go of Wade and Natasha sees the worry in his face.
‘Is it because Loki’s insisting he stays here for a few weeks and you’re getting jealous thinking he’s going to run off with another magic user?’
So I found these last two chapters quite tricky, mainly because I was a tad worried about having Tony and Bucky bond a little too quickly. I get the impression, though, that the two of them are actually very similar in some ways, and in the ways that would make them good friends. Tony's whole spiel on blame I think is also something the two of them will struggle to come to terms with, and the two of them are really the only ones who can understand what the other is going through.
‘Night,’ they both respond and the teenager ends the call.
‘I mean if you weren’t such an idiot at keeping things to yourself you wouldn’t be in this situation,’ she retorts.
Ok so he wasn’t expecting
‘I may need a map,’ Bucky mutters, just loud enough for Tony to hear.
‘Where did you get
‘We didn’t buy this much last year surely?’ she blinks in surprise.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Encourage might be too strong a word,’ he ruffles the kid’s hair, ‘but I’m saying that if you do decide this is what you want to do then you have my full support. Which means I won’t let Bucky kill him.’
‘Stop acting on instinct and
‘Oh I shouldn’t worry about the prostitution side of things,’ Natasha grins, ‘anyone tries to make a pass at him he just blushes bright red and nearly runs off. It’s kind of cute really.’
‘Jotunheim? Yeah we gathered from your display.’
‘Wade! When did you guys get back?’ he asks, rushing over to give his partner a hug. He frowns when he feels how stiff Wade is. ‘Wade? What’s wrong?’ The merc has changed since they got back but that’s not stopped him from looking exhausted. There’s a bag over his shoulder as well that Peter recognises from his flat.
‘Everything else just clicked into place.’
Bucky comes over from where he’s been sitting in the corner, it seems some of the habits he’d developed under HYDRA’s training, like managing to sit in the corner and stay unnoticed, hadn’t left him. ‘You’re plotting, Stevie. You’ve got that determined look in your eye that usually meant I had to get you out of trouble.’
I'll go post it now and leave a longer note at the end of there.
‘We’ve already had this discussion with him, Wanda,’ Steve sighs, ‘there’s no changing his mind.’
‘So I take it that means you’ll agree to him coming over this weekend?’
Avengers,’ Tony responds, ‘hardly a
‘Loki!’
He looks down and starts fiddling with the bits of suit on the bench. ‘Well…he’s a bit older than me so I thought you might not be too happy with that.’
Tony looks away from his screens to glare at him. ‘I’m
Tony nearly falls out of the air. ‘No way. Kid?!?’ He spots a
‘Wanda would also be able to avoid harm from the attacks with her powers.’
‘Practically adopted him,’ Rhodes mutters.
Loki sighs. ‘If you will not let me in, will you at least let me show you something?’
‘Yeah.’
‘Loki!’ Wanda sobs in relief.
‘She gave
‘What is
of us with arrows all the time,’ Steve grumbles.
Hope you're all keeping safe!
‘And why is it every time I ask
Bruce looks down at him. ‘You should come round more often, Scott. You know we’re always happy to have you.’
‘But you really want to have
‘But-’
‘Any more comments like that and I’ll web your eyes before I do,’ Peter warns.
‘Tony could you at least turn and look at me? Please?’ he tries to keep the frustration out of his voice and sighs when Tony’s shoulders tense up but he doesn’t turn around. ‘Alright, well, just listen then. I-’ Steve pauses, thinking that starting this conversation about him was not the best way to do things. ‘No, first: thank you, Tony. For everything you’ve done to get the team back together, for what you’re doing for us now, not just with being a buffer for the media, and for trying to keep us together in the first place. And for everything you did even before that. I don’t think we’ve said thank you enough.’
energy to cope with all the shenanigans I’m sure everyone is going to be up to tomorrow. Goodnight and behave yourselves,’ she says with a small smirk, standing up and giving Peter a quick kiss on his forehead. She fixes Wade with one of her looks and then nods, with a small smile. ‘You’re doing alright, Wilson. Try not to screw it up.’
‘I’ll go meet them,’ he says to the rest of the group, ‘and bring them up when they’re all settled.’
‘I do apologise, Valkyrie, I’m afraid the last barrel of mead goes to the Falcon,’ Loki grins at her, trying not to notice the flash of hurt in the soldier’s eyes as he walks past. Perhaps leaving him to last had not been the most sensible idea.
‘What is it you want to let the kid go?’
a birthday present,’ he hears Steve tease.
‘No change there,’ he can hear the smile in Wanda’s voice but doesn’t respond. He’ll get her back later.
‘We’re leaving. We’ve got to meet the rest of the school. Come on Harry we need to get Betty, MJ and Ned.’
They’re both avoiding the question. Peter takes a deep breath and looks up uncertainly at the man, remembering Matt’s words. ‘If this
Natasha quirks an eyebrow. ‘What happened to make you such a bah humbug? You do realise this is people showing their appreciation for us right? Definitely something you want to encourage.’
‘What are you not telling me?’ Fury asks when Steve finishes updating him on his conversation with Wade.
Tony and Peter both have some apologies to make.
‘Excuse me?’ Ned’s eyes bug out of his head. ‘Since when do you know
‘Perhaps if you paid attention to your phone you would have done?’ the sorcerer replies as he steps through a portal, Wong behind him.
‘You should know that I, of all people, am not going to blame you for being overly cautious,’ Steve points out.
‘Thank you! Thank you so much,’ he hurries to do as he’s told. ‘If you every need anything at all Mr Murdock just let me know.’
‘Yes,’ she replies. ‘If I need an alternative path I’ll ask through the communication lines.’
‘And that’s why you wouldn’t make plans for tomorrow when I asked?’
‘No way! Pete? I didn’t know you went here,’ Harry Osborn’s face breaks out into a very familiar grin.
‘Then he also told you I’d told him I liked you,’ he presses a kiss to Steve’s lips, feeling the man relax under him again. ‘You do realise we’ve just made Bucky sound like the biggest slut out there right?’
Love to you all,
Wade’s arms fall to his side and his expression closes down. ‘You should have said if you wanted me to keep my distance while they’re here, Pete.’
Steve scowls at him. ‘Remind me to spend the entire evening when we get back telling nothing but embarrassing stories of you.’
‘I don’t think
It’s pandemonium. As they land in the grounds they can see that whoever has attacked the prison has tried to blow a hole to get in, and it seems they’ve taken out a couple of cells. Tony can see some bodies in the rubble, and wonders how many inmates have been killed and how many are now running around the grounds.
‘I would never doubt you, sir,’ the assistant replies, and he can’t help the smile at the drops of sweat he sees gathering at the young man’s hairline. Good, if even his most loyal workers are worried about upsetting him then it will be nothing compared to what his enemies will soon feel. ‘What are your next orders, sir? Shall I speak to the scientist or to our associates in the East?’
‘Oh no, Steve,’ Tony cuts across his partner, ‘Sam’s got the
‘Thor leave him alone, you’re not going to be helping his recovery if you’re winding him up,’ Tony sighs, rubbing his temples.
‘Well… I think he’s expecting me to be dating a girl for one thing.’
she sighs inwardly.
‘So I am under surveillance then?’
Then there’s a hand gripping his. Gripping the one that holds the stones.
‘Huh?’ Tony looks at his phone. ‘FRI why didn’t you tell me I had calls?’
‘Of course it is,’ he growls as the men in front of them collapse to the ground. ‘Clint! This was just the distraction. We got another one headed straight for the courthouse!’
‘Yeah,’ Clint sounds a bit out of it, ‘I got a glowing orange thing on me.’
‘They are when you’ve heard them five hundred times,’ he mutters, just loud enough for Peter to hear and he starts sniggering.
Tony can hear Wade sniggering behind him and sends him a look. ‘This is your influence.’
Tony laughs. ‘Good point. Alright let’s see what Cap thinks about checking these out; it won’t need many of us to go. Could use it as an excuse to have a quick holiday.’
The day before Yule dawns and Loki blinks awake as FRIDAY lets daylight filter through his blinds. He always holds a bit of dread for this day, the one where they remember those that were lost during the past year; and this year in particular there are many to remember.
‘FRIDAY? Save all the work and close down the screens would you?’ Bucky quietly asks the AI.
‘Of course,’ Peter grabs his coat and makes to follow the blind man out of the parlour.
‘Now you got me intrigued.’
that?’ Sharon shrieks when she spots the weapon in Tony’s hand.
Also: as the Christmas Special was so well received and I actually really enjoyed writing it, do let me know if there are any other specials you'd like to see in the future. I've already got an idea for Peter's school going on a field trip to the facility (but needs to be posted when this story is a bit further on I'm afraid). So if there are any particular situations you'd like to see the characters in do let me know and, if I can't put it in the main story, I might just make a special out of it.
‘Perfected them a long time ago,’ he grins in response, ‘I was just waiting for you to finish.’
‘Of all the irresponsible-’
‘No one enters the workshop without permission,’ Tony frowns. ‘It’s my safe space. Speaking of which I’m heading there now to put the finishing touches on
‘The what now?’ Natasha frowns at the question as she collects her coffee.
‘I know he didn’t know everything that is attached to it in my head but…’
As soon as he’s out of the room Steve turns to Wanda. ‘Ok tell us everything you know about this girl Peter is seeing.’
of arguments over it,’ he rolls his eyes, ‘but since me and Steve are on the same page he’s realised he’s not winning this. Plus I threatened to get Natasha last night and he shut up straight away.’
‘Suit yourself losers,’ he shrugs as he goes to join the others, pulling Natasha into a fast paced dance that has the red head laughing; Sam joins them a few second later and the two men keep stealing the assassin from each other.
‘Stop sniggering, Natasha,’ Steve tells her, reaching for the books and slipping them into the pouch on his suit. ‘How we doing?’
‘I’ll be fine, it’s just been a long few days.’
‘Just…I love having everyone together, but it’ll be nice to have a bit of peace and normality restored.’
Steve repeats.
‘Merry Christmas!’ a very excitable voice shouts is the first thing Tony hears the next morning, before a solid form lands on the bottom of the bed and effectively crushes his legs. He makes some form of grunting noise in response and burrows further into the warm, very solid pillow next to him.
Tony allows himself a small smile. ‘Goodnight, Bucky. Put the gun away, yeah? You’re making FRIDAY nervous.’
When Tony comes downstairs the next morning, because 11:30 still counts as morning, he’s slightly relieved to only see Natasha in the common area. She looks tired after last night’s late mission, but he imagines he looks worse.
‘So drugs are ok but prostitution isn’t?’ Wanda asks, one eyebrow raised.
‘Right sorry,’ Peter puts up his hands in a placating action. ‘You are completely nuts, just not a complete arsehole.’
‘Tony your comms off?’ Steve asks.
‘Yes Cap… yes Steve?’ Steve smiles at the teen, who is still desperately trying to remember the first names rule.
’ he snarls.
, don’t do this.’
‘Everyone has a weak spot. He just has to find each of theirs. If we attack key members first, the rest will fall apart.’
‘I’m sure,’ Thor’s voice breaks, ‘that he paid for our lives with his own.’
‘Wade! Get out of here!’ Bucky snaps to action with the realisation that Francis has been stalling.
‘Hey I am perfect thank you very much,’ Tony says, fiddling with some of the many screens that littered his workshop and refusing to meet anyone’s eye.
‘I’m certain we will,’ he nods, ‘especially when you consider all of the other food we’ll be making.’
‘They’re already doing all they can, but…’ Peter trails off unsure of what to say. They’ve been trying to keep Tony’s disappearance away from the media, but it was only a matter of time now, what with no leads and the trails going cold. ‘We need a different set of skills to help with this particular problem.’
‘Though to be fair dude a big organisation like HYRDA isn’t going to be found by a random police search,’ Ned points out as they cross off an old warehouse the police searched for potential drug use.
‘Wait for him to come to you,’ Steve shakes his head. ‘I don’t know why he’s so focussed on Pete being the one to do this.’
Steve’s heart hurts to see how lost his friend looks. He steps forward, pulling Bucky into a tight hug. ‘Whatever we were before,’ he tells him after Bucky returns the embrace, ‘it doesn’t matter now, Buck, because it’s what we’re doing
‘Maybe,’ he replies with a small smile. ‘You’ll work out what I mean eventually Agent Romanoff.’
‘You’re the best, Steve,’ Bucky grins.
‘What are you doing?’ the merc’s voice is dangerous.
‘Why does no one believe I can be nice?’ he grumbles under his breath as he finally reaches the portal and steps through. As soon as he does he is nearly knocked off of his feet by Strange’s Cloak. ‘What are you doing you ridiculous creation?’
‘Bucky!’
‘Blow it.’
‘He said he asked your permission,’ she says quietly.
A vibranium hand closes around his throat and drags him up to pin him against the wall. Peter finds himself looking into very familiar dark eyes, currently blank of all emotion.
‘Who did you get to take a look at them? Was it Pepper?’ Steve asks, curiosity entering his voice and some of the ‘Captain’ tone leaving it.
‘Here you go, Pete,’ Natasha tears the piece of paper and hands it over to him. ‘Try not to get into any trouble.’
‘The kid from Germany? The one from Queens?’
‘Clint and Laura are going to bring the kids over on Christmas Eve and then Laura will take them to her parents before New Year,’ Natasha adds.
Bruce is not ashamed to admit that, after hearing the stories of what happened last team Christmas, he’s more than slightly scared as he walks into the common area on the first of December. He’s more than a little relieved to find no Christmas music playing and no sign of Peter, Wanda or Wade anywhere.
‘I said I’m
(See the end of the chapter for
, he receives back within a minute.
‘Bruce…Peter’s right,’ Natasha’s voice comes over comms. ‘Let Hulk help.’
‘Now I know why the team comments on me talking so much,’ he mutters to himself. ‘Second floor,’ he tells the merc. ‘We need to get close so I can record the meeting and we can alert the police.’
Sam sits with the rest of the team that’s been left behind, listening to the comms as Tony, Steve, Wanda and Natasha deal with the attack on the chemical factory. It looks like it’s the same people that had taken Peter hostage, hence why a small number of the team had been called in.
Unclipping her seat belt, she rolls to protect her head and then reaches up to check he’s breathing. She feels warm air coming from his nose and sags in relief.
‘I don’t need to have met you to know who you are. I’ve taken power from people that know what you will become.’
‘Yeah,’ he nods, then lowers his voice, ‘when I’m sure you’ll reach the bars I’ll let go so it looks like I couldn’t hold on to the bars. Please don’t let go of me.’
‘Considering what you have done for me today, I shall do as you ask,’ Loki half-smiles at him. ‘I cannot promise that I shall change my ways overnight, Vision, I have become very accustomed over the past years of relying solely on myself and leaving anything behind that I begin to form attachments to. It never ends well if I do.’
‘Once upon a time there was a blond soldier and their friend, who had been hurt very badly in a war so had come home to get better, but there was an evil man who decided he didn’t want the soldier’s fried to get better so he certain that the magical arm that had been sent to him would make him worse. The soldier was getting very worried about his friend so he went to a ball where lots of very smart people were going, hoping to find someone to help him. While he was there he met a handsome Prince Charming who-’
‘Oh no,’ the inventor laughs. ‘He made it very clear in his responses that he has absolutely no interest at all in joining our team.’
‘I’ve mainly been taking him through different features on the suit and we’ve been working together on making it fit his needs. He’s still convincing me to let him have a go at one of the old Iron Man suits, but I want to save it for a special occasion.’
He blinks. ‘What no witty comeback first?’
‘Just how long did this thing last?’ Tony asks, eyes wide.
Wanda, Steve, Tony and Peter return to help Vision and Wong protect Strange; and another of Thanos' lieutenants tries to take them by surprise.
‘What are you up to?’ Steve asks, eyes still closed as Tony removes the finger.
.’ Francis presses onto a button and runs out of the doorway.
He’s put the first test run into her comms unit for this mission.
‘I haven’t known him this carefree since we were kids,’ Steve admits. ‘It’s nice to see his smile back.’
be drunk enough to be stupid or brave enough to suggest to Natasha that she needs styling advice.’
‘Peter!’ a happy shout from behind them has Peter turning around just as Wanda throws her arms around him in a big hug.
‘Alright I’ll admit I’m impressed,’ Natasha says, clearing snow from her hair.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘You want to be a hero?’ he can’t keep the surprise from his voice.
‘Aren’t the mini bars supposed to be ridiculously expensive?’
‘I couldn’t even tell Rhodey everything I was feeling,’ Tony sniffs. ‘No one knew about us, Steve, how could I explain how much it hurt that you left me there and walked away with someone else when no one knew what we were to each other?’
‘Busy, Cap, I’m not in the mood for your mothering.’
‘Very well,’ Thanos says. ‘So you take my children from me, I shall take yours from you.’
a Spider-Man?’ Bruce asks, blinking in confusion.
‘The best we can do in the circumstances for now,’ T’Challa agrees. ‘We’re lucky Ororo has so readily agreed to take one of the stones.’
‘What about Ororo Monroe? The princess who helped us in Wakanda? Think she might be of any help?’
‘It’s really good,’ he says, taking another spoonful. He looks at Rhodes and grins. ‘If you don’t want yours I’ll have it.’
‘Hey!’ he spins to face them as scalding coffee seeps into his shirt.
Thank you to everyone who has left a comment. I do have an announcement regarding comments over the next few weeks: I'm putting a ban on any mention of what is involved in End Game in comments for the next few weeks until people have had a chance to see the film. Please don't take this as I don't appreciate your comments at all, I'm just very conscious that I don't want any spoilers creeping into the comments, whether I've seen the film or not there's a big likelihood that not all the readers have yet and I don't want anyone to have anything spoiled for them. I know I'd be gutted. If you do leave a comment that has something I would consider a spoiler in it I will delete it - fair warning! If you feel the urge to write something relating to End Game in a comment write: 'I am Groot!' Those of us who have seen it will probably be able to guess what you've said and it won't spoil it for anyone else.
‘Hulk doesn’t want to come out?’ Steve looks at Bruce in surprise.
‘Steve?’ Tony walks into the common room the next morning, phone in hand as if he’s just got off a call.
‘Yeah, that was the whole point of getting them put through,’ Tony nods.
‘What?’ Steve demands, frowning. ‘His hands were covered in calluses from where he obviously does a lot of hands on work, so I had no reason
‘Valkyrie should be able to keep one stone safe for the time being,’ Thor says, ‘we should not need it to be for too long. Soon we shall reclaim our friends and vanquish our enemies, and enjoy revels to celebrate our victory once again.’
‘My thought was we can send them in where we need to get information and then, to help with the element of surprise, either flood an area with smoke or stun our enemies before we go in and finish off the job. It’ll make it much easier for small group missions.’
‘Why the change of mind?’
Love always,
‘Yeah, because fairytales aren’t real,’ the young boy adds.
‘Alright well how about we have a couple of goes where I lead you so you get the idea, then we’ll see how you do leading on a dancefloor rather than a battlefield.’
‘So Bucky just had to go and prove he could,’ Rhodes finishes. ‘Doesn’t he understand the concept of not drawing attention to yourself?’
‘-just because he can get hurt doesn’t mean he should,’ Natasha quotes Peter in a soft voice. She looks torn, looking back at the burning lab and then back at him. ‘Alright. I’ll message the team and explain the situation, get someone to organise a private wing of a hospital and take these guys there in the jet. Then I’m coming back for you both. Wait for me at our surveillance point, or I’m coming looking for you.’
Tony takes advantage of the betting in how long it’s going to take for Peter to get knocked out by one of Wanda’s flying possessions to get Steve to join him in his workshop for his dancing lesson.
‘I am hoping this will prove to be much more than graffiti, Mr Stark, if your friend is able to provide us with more information,’ August says, shaking everyone’s hand.
‘I’ve had to,’ is his short reply. ‘I’m not sure how much pride I’ve got left.’
‘It has been a long time since I sought out war,’ Thor reassures her, ‘it usually finds me instead.’
‘Not yet, the boss was going to contact them shortly to find out when they were planning to arrive.’
Tony sighs and looks away. ‘Yeah I do, but even I wasn’t expecting him to go off the map like he did.’
‘There seemed to be enough of you not that long ago,’ Ross smirks at him. ‘What about that Spiderman that you’ve been getting so friendly with? And Stephen Strange, and King T’Challa? I’ve found three more without breaking a sweat.’
Natasha elbows Bucky in the ribs as he starts sniggering at the shocked look on the inventor’s face. Just as it looks like his brain has caught up with what is happening an alarm goes off. Peter jumps up and looks around wide eyed.
‘So do you,’ he replies, scooting over on the bed so Steve has room to lie down next to him. ‘Probably something to do with the possible end of the world.’
Wade Wilson puts the bottle of whiskey on the table and turns on the TV, wondering whether to go for the horror Christmas films that Spidey seemed dead against, or for the classic Die Hard.
‘Guys? You seeing this?’ Clint asks through the comms. They turn to see Thanos’ army disappearing just as their friends had a few days before.
Wade looks away and doesn’t answer. Every cell in his body is screaming to say yes and go to spend Christmas with his Baby Boy. But his head is telling him to say ‘no’.
‘Well lets go outside and find out,’ Natasha suggests, ‘and hope that it’s not a world-ending event that has brought them here because I quite enjoy having Christmas off.’
‘I knew it!’ Thor crows happily.
‘I suspected there was something,’ Vision shrugs, ‘and Wanda may have hinted.’
The dark haired man next to him sighs. ‘Yeah, a lot of the time, Stevie. Sometimes I wake up and forget we’re eighty years in the future and I look around wondering why I’m not in a bunker with Dum Dum next to me.’
Wanda just laughs as they wave goodbye to Ned and the two youngsters climb into the back of the car; his phone pings with another message and when they’re sat back and buckled in Peter takes it out and smiles, chuckling to himself as he reads the merc’s response. ‘So who’s that messaging you?’
‘Are we allowed to use other things to help us? Like powers or tech and stuff?’ Peter asks.
say a word. Got it?’ Peter hesitates and the man adds, ‘one wrong move and I‘ll set that vest off taking Tony Stark with you.’
-Yes well as entertaining as my comedy is, there are more pressing matters to attend to- and with that memories begin to flash across the back of his closed eyes. Memories of him and Steve playing as children, fighting in the war with the Commandos. Then some more recent ones: arriving back in the States, training with the team once everyone was back, kissing Tony in the lab.
Peter doesn’t feel like it does, but he doesn’t argue.
‘Can you blame me? When you pull away every time it starts getting a little bit heated?’ Peter challenges him, the doubts he’s been pressing down for months finally coming out of his mouth.
‘My name,’ he answers, ‘and clearance level…’
‘One more move, Captain, and this whole place goes up. Now give me back Anthony, or all of you are paying the price for trying to save him.’ Steve pauses at Hammer’s words.
Sam shrugs. ‘As awesome as this place is, they don’t have great drive-thru.’ Steve laughs,
‘You’ve had your team the Avengers,’ Valkyrie points out, ‘and you had your friends the Warriors Three as well. You have many strengths, Thor, but I’ll admit diplomacy is not always one of them; what you are very good at is making sure you complement the rest of a group with your strengths. We
Bucky sighs and leans against the railings, looking down over the wreckage of the helicopter that staff are starting to clear away, scouring it for any evidence that could help them.
‘This line,’ Loki runs his finger along some of the markings, ‘it’s strange. It says “The true king shall remove all contenders” but I’m not sure why that would be put in a cave on Earth.’
‘Anything from Bucky through the link?’ Steve asks Loki, his eyes pleading with the trickster.
‘Oh shut it, Rogers,’ Tony’s voice is fond, at complete opposition to his words.
‘Come on Rogers,’ he mutters to himself, ‘you can do this.’
‘-fine and Widow is the best at infiltration.’
Gradually as the others finish their jobs they come and join them at the tree to put up some decorations, and the others come in from outside to help. Eventually there’s only the angel to go on the top.
‘What you think I can’t take a couple of punches?’
‘Goodbye T’Challa,’ Fury says and signs off.
,’ Tony puts an arm around his shoulder and all but marches him out of the room. Peter sighs and doesn’t argue as he gets led down to the medical wing, but he knows he isn’t helping his case by leaning more heavily against the inventor as they walk. They don’t talk much until the elevator doors open on the medical wing.
‘Oh shit-’ Bucky curses looking up at the alien standing over him. He doesn’t have time to react, no time to move since he’s winded.
‘Nat,’ Tony weakly reaches out for the spy and she hurries to Steve’s side. ‘Thank you.’
‘You are not going to want to sleep in your clothes,’ he tells him.
and I’m not allowed to do something?’
‘I will think on your words, and I promise I will not cause any conscious distress if I can help it.’
‘But the Avengers are more like our family,’ Bucky nods. ‘Maybe it’s because we’re out of our time,’ he shrugs. ‘Maybe it’s because there’s so much more shit we’ve healed from with them, but either way it’s a different feeling with this team. Wouldn’t trade my time with the Commandos for anything.’
‘Don’t try and talk to me like you’re my dad!’ Peter shouts back, not even sure why he’s angry anymore. ‘You’re not my dad and you’re nothing like Uncle Ben so you don’t get to tell me what to do!’
‘Oh now you want to still be in recovery?’ Rhodes says. ‘When we’re telling you to take it easy and not do so much work we’re being overbearing and fussy, but as soon as we start joking around you want to be all “I’m too ill you have to be nice to me”? Not going to happen, Tones.’
‘Plus Wade’s staying here at the facility as extra support, you telling me you don’t think your boyfriend could protect me if shit went sideways?’
‘Peter’s not in his room, boss,’ FRIDAY replies.
‘He’s not your patient. As of now Sergeant Barnes is being transferred to the side room that is usually set aside for my use, and he will be treated by my personal physician. His care is no longer your concern. Now get the hell out.’
‘Aside from their families is there any other reason for your choice?’ Leibner asks.
One swing of that alien’s club has him spinning into the side of a building. Once he’s righted himself he glares at his attacker through the suit. ‘Ok. Now I’m pissed.’ He fires up the repulsor arms from the back of his suit and sends some shots into his enemy’s face, seeing him lurch back and roar in surprise, before swinging out with the club again, which Tony only just manages to avoid. Meanwhile Steve is running towards them, using a car as a springboard to launch onto the alien’s back and attempts to put it into a choke hold. Strange and Wong are engaging the other one, who appears to be using his own brand of magic.
Steve just smiles and shakes his head, he’s about to respond when Tony’s phone goes off and the man answers it. ‘Pepper! Wonderful timing. I need you up at the facility today. No, the terrible twins are behaving themselves today. Well now Steve’s back Bucky can terrorise him instead of me, and Rhodey just follows his lead. Plus I may have scared him with the Macarena protocol. I am being nice! Did you see my message on Ross? No I didn’t do anything stupid, Steve and I have just been to meet the Council. No they were apologising to us for once. I know right? So will you please come up to the facility tonight? I need help with PR. Yes the great Tony Stark is asking for help. Pepper just come up to the facility.’
‘I’ll get us a portal ready,’ Strange says.
‘Boss I think you should see this: news footage from Vienna.’
Loki glares at Peter. ‘I’m adding another two bowls for that comment.’
‘We need to get to the rest of the team now,’ he says. ‘FRIDAY I want a Quinjet ready to go by the time we get to the facility. Guys? Car. Now!’
There’s a grin on Loki’s lips as they near the end of the steps and the change of partners. ‘I’m staying, Winter Warrior. As long as I am welcome.’
‘Because she’s helping with finishing off the cookies,’ Wade says as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world.
Everyone finds out about Tony and Steve much quicker than they imagined, though very few people are really surprised. The team finally gets to see Peter's history presentation, though no one's told Bucky what the topic is.
‘Bring up Bucky’s arm schematics, FRIDAY,’ Tony chokes out in response to his AI’s question. ‘It’s time I actually did some work on it.’
‘Something Francis said,’ Bucky steers the conversation back on track, ‘makes me think maybe they’d be trying to find a way to do what you did and cross the dimensional barriers.’
‘Hey kid?’ Natasha says. ‘Why don’t you bring Ned up one weekend?’
‘Come on, bird brain, don’t tell me you’re more chicken than falcon,’ Bucky taunts him.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘It’s about spending time with family and friends,’ Wanda cuts in, frowning a little at the raccoon, ‘and making memories with them. Catching up with people you haven’t seen in a while.’
to kill my parents of your own free will?’
‘Normally because Nat does that,’ Tony says, as Natasha takes out an alien who’s about to try and stab Steve in the back. ‘Or I do this,’ he says, sending out repulsor blasts and then landing at Steve’s back and letting loose a blast from the repulsor blades from his back before taking to the skies again.
‘Who says we’d want to?’ Ross counters.
Tony doesn’t respond, just sits nursing his drink.
‘I hate it when she says that,’ Steve replies, sounding out of breath as he runs. ‘I’ll be with you in a few minutes.’
something looks like it’s trying to break in.’
I have really felt this loss more from the shock of it than anything else. He was a true fighter: battling such a horrendous disease and yet still taking on these physically challenging roles, visiting children suffering with the same disease he was battling, and speaking up for the Black Lives Matter movement; yet never once did he reveal to the world his struggle and he was always a gentleman in every sense of the world. The tributes from his colleagues and friends speak volumes about his character. An incredible talent, and an incredible human taken far too soon. If I'm ever lucky enough to have a son, I'll be showing him the best role model he could ever need: Chadwick Boseman.
‘Tony I’m so sorry,’ Sam’s voice is quiet and raw.
‘You may have had success in the past,’ Strange tells her, ‘but it ends with us.’
‘All the more reason for you to hurry,’ Rhodes urges, ‘you know what Tony’s like when he gets into a tight spot. I’ll be surprised if one of the others doesn’t kill him first.’
‘Because the neurons were fighting against us because we were trying to get them to do something that wasn’t in their original design,’ Tony rolls his eyes at Vision’s questioning glance at the two of them.
‘Miss Maximoff?’ Wanda looks over at the little girl that is standing a few feet away, nervously twiddling her hair over a finger.
cute!’
Deadpool is returning for a Deadpool Adds next chapter for an announcement - help me!
‘Thor! Mind the strength!’ Natasha scolds him.
time and you never live it down,’ Tony grumbles, taking his plate and sitting at the table.
‘It’s Tony, Doc.’
‘FRIDAY patch him into comms,’ Tony says, getting to his feet and rugby tackling the alien, sending him flying backwards.
‘Basically: half the world is on our side and the other half is out for our blood,’ Sam’s voice floats over. Natasha frowns in his direction. ‘What? You were going to pussy foot around it for too long.’
‘So this is it,’ Tony sighs, ‘this is what New York started.’
‘You too Miss Romanoff.’
‘Err…I’m not sure any of my lot would fit in so well here.’
‘Of course, Mr Stark,’ the Japanese representative nods his head.
Bucky grumbles, earning himself a chuckle from both Loki and Wanda.
‘What you still doing up, Cap?’ he asks, voice a little husky from tiredness, looking over towards the kitchen area.
‘You’ve learned quickly,’ Strange notes, voice tense.
‘No because…’ he sighs and then continues. ‘I don’t know if he’ll be wearing his mask or not and he… well he has a lot of scars from the bit of skin I’ve seen when we’ve been eating and he’s really self-conscious about them. I don’t think he’d be comfortable if there was someone he doesn’t know there.’
by any chance?’ Ned rolls his eyes.
I felt like I needed a bit of Tony and Pepper time, as much as I find their relationship in the films frustrating I do love their friendship.
‘It’s not important, it’s all sorted now.’
‘It’s the man in the big red suit,’ comes an irritated voice from the other side. ‘I’m here about our mutual friend, Deadpool.’
‘Hey!’ Peter’s protests are cut off by Wade kissing him. ‘I love you, Wade.’
‘Shit its Spider-Man!’ one of the remaining three shouts, pulling out a handgun.
Tony’s bark of laughter stops short when they catch sight of the group on the lawn. Thor and Bruce are supporting a motionless body between them and struggling up towards them, behind them is a group of maybe twenty or thirty people, all who look like normal civilians rather than the warriors they were expecting.
‘Clint? Keep the noise down please,’ Tony rasps out, burying his head in Steve’s chest.
work out what he was doing by the way?’
‘Vision’s being allowed in the kitchen?’ Sam sounds alarmed.
‘Alright turning it off now,’ Tony grumbles, ignoring the laugh from Rhodes and the way Steve is shaking from trying to hold in his own. ‘I thought you were supposed to be nice to me seeing as I’m still technically recovering?’
Steve’s struggling to focus on the book in his hands when Rumlow walks in reading a letter.
‘Get in line boys,’ Natasha says. ‘No one’s training Baby Spider till I’ve taught him how to kick your sorry asses.’ No one even tries to argue with her.
Natasha laughs just as the door opens and, distracted, Wanda loses her balance. ‘What are you two doing?’ Peter asks, frowning down at her from her spot on the floor.
‘Between us we should be able to carry the ones that can’t walk,’ Bucky responds, ‘the rest can walk. But that means we won’t be able to defend ourselves. And we can’t leave them here, even if we weren’t about to destroy the place.’
thought ahead so they’re more likely to agree to work with us.’
Peter laughs at Sam’s response, shaking his head as the comments and debates from his classmates continue around him.
‘That’s not-’
‘Well, I think I better head off before I get tempted to say something that will make Banner Hulk out in front of the kids,’ Wade says, lifting Peter’s chin up to press a firm kiss to his mouth. When he pulls away Peter has to resist the urge to whine and bring his boyfriend back for another one. ‘See you after dinner, Baby Boy,’ he says quietly.
He’s not sure if he’s crossed a line until Quill nods. ‘Yeah,’ his voice is a little choked, ‘yeah actually I think I’d really like that. I just…I don’t
‘I’ve got a red one,’ Natasha adds.
Bucky growls and grabs Wade’s throat with his metal fist, pulling the mercenary up so he’s face to face with him. ‘I promised Pete I’d get you back in one piece. You are
He signals Deadpool to follow him as they continue along a corridor where voices are coming from a room further down. They drop down into crouches just beside the door so they can hear what is said, and Peter sends his drone into the room to get a visual on what was happening.
‘Because you would have been more of a distraction to Pete than Bucky would be,’ Tony retorts, ‘and
Bucky is about to open his mouth to thank the man, still struggling to fully process the fact that
And just like that Bucky was released from Tony’s care into Peter’s and the billionaire glides over to where Steve has made his way to the entrance of the rink. ‘Ready to give it a go Captain?’
‘We could always convert your old room into an art studio,’ he suggests as the soldier pushes the door closed behind him.
‘But it’s not a
‘About damn time!’ Tony and Pepper turn to look at the newcomer in the door.
‘That will be all, Miss Potts.’ Then he turns to Steve and Bucky. ‘So… do you guys want the job?’
The last bit isn’t a question, but he answers it anyway. ‘Two weeks. And Ross is doing all he can to keep me away.’
He notices Peter take hold of one of the merc’s hands and give it a squeeze. ‘It’s really not as bad as you make it out to be, Wade,’ he says quietly.
‘We said we’d enjoyed it so far,’ Rocket points out, ‘it’s got a long way to go yet before it’s the best thing ever.’
‘Well, I didn’t want to get your hopes up,’ Steve shrugs. ‘Plus it was only yesterday so I haven’t exactly had chance to tell you.’
‘Still a brat,’ Wade teases him.
‘You see much more than people give you credit for, don’t you Spiderling?’
‘Amazing!’ Peter grins. ‘Thanks, Doc!’
familiar pissed-off tone, ‘and I’ll break your hand. Got it?’
The next time Mr Nelson comes out of the office and speaks to Karen he looks over at Peter. ‘Hey, you want to come through kid?’
‘Perhaps that was my plan all along,’ Loki grins.
-Nothing is
He looks into the earnest blue eyes, showing all the concern the rest of the team must be feeling as well as him, and suddenly Tony realises exactly how tired, how
Wanda grins and ruffles his hair. ‘What ever gave you that impression?’ She laughs as he starts to grumble.
‘I’m never doing that to the team again,’ he grumbles when he finally gets it off. ‘
‘I need help.’
‘What-’ Sam follows his gaze and his eyes widen. ‘No way.
‘She’s got a very valid point,’ Bucky cuts off Steve’s protest.
in this facility knows how to use a gun,’ she says, ‘why me?’
‘Oh this is going to be too easy,’ Wade sniggers.
going to make a move. Loki was leaving and it wasn’t fair to try and coerce him into staying.
‘Parents, teachers, school kids and a team of misfits,’ he responds with a grin. ‘You got anything different?’ Bucky shakes his head and Steve lets himself relax a little. ‘Looking forwards to seeing Pete’s presentation?’
‘Suit yourself, Iron Man,’ the soldier says, pointing the gun at Peter. ‘We’ve only got orders to take
Peter opens his mouth to argue with the sorcerer but closes it again and looks down with a frown at the look on Doctor Strange’s face. He knows when he won’t win an argument. ‘It’s harder than I thought it would be,’ he admits.
‘Shuri can you
‘Why do you assume it’s me doing something?’
‘There’s still a couple open, I already checked. We may not be able to get everything, but we can still get most of it.’
‘Don’t worry Steve,’ Wanda says from her spot on the floor. ‘I’m pretty sure it sums up Peter’s love life too.’
‘Do not feel that you have to stay,’ Loki says to the three of them, ‘I can imagine it will be tedious to have to watch me stare at a lot of carvings on a rock wall, and I am aware not everyone is comfortable in a cold environment.’
‘Sam run!’ she shouts, laughing as she keeps the two soldiers tangled up.
‘Hey watch it you little punk,’ someone snarls as he pushes past them.
‘Down by the Sanctum. You need to hurry.’
‘Who makes the final decision?’ Peter asks. ‘Just because you and Tony are slightly biased.’
‘Sir, don’t you think we should tell them what we know?’ Hill interrupts his thoughts.
‘Certainly, boss,’ FRIDAY’s voice is soon replaced by Peter’s.
Tony blinks a couple of times then bursts out laughing. ‘Sorry I completely forgot you two didn’t actually get formally introduced. Scott meet Peter Parker, aka Spider-Man. Peter, meet Scott Lang, aka Ant-Man.’
‘Seriously?’ Natasha raises an eyebrow. ‘Because I’d say you would be pretty good considering your abilities.’
Thor’s happy response is to pick up his brother, and the puppy, into a big hug that has Loki laughing and the puppy voicing its objections very loudly. ‘He has a loud voice,’ Thor laughs as he releases the pair.
ached one time.
‘You got as bad a feeling about this as I do?’ Bucky mutters to him.
Tony looks at them both for a couple of minutes, before obviously realising how much his information means to them and leaning back in his chair. ‘Let’s see…it’s hard to tell you much seeing as I was a kid at the time and they treated me like a kid you know? They were the fun uncles who came round and helped me get up to all sorts of mischief, and I swear were the cause of several of Mom’s early grey hairs instead of me. No matter what she might have claimed. Unless Aunt Peggy was there, then they were on their best behaviour,’ he laughs.
‘I sleep better with you here,’ he admits. Steve doesn’t say anything, just adjusts them both on the bed and pulls the covers over them. ‘You don’t have to ask to come in here you know.’
‘Apparently the current speaker is boring.’
Steve joins Tony in the kitchenette of the common area as the rest of the team start pulling up enough chairs and cushions for them to sit in front of the TV. Peter’s chattering away about how he still can’t believe that Bucky’s not seen any of the Star Wars films, and is thinking out loud about the best order to watch them all in. Sam and Rhodes are adding their input and there’s a good natured debate going on about whether they should bother with the prequels at all.
Thank you so much to everyone who has left comments and kudos! A big thank you as well to everyone who is sticking with this story, I really appreciate it and the responses I've got from this story are incredible. I hope you continue to enjoy it.
‘Thank you,’ he hears Bucky mutter into the boy’s hair.
‘It would be nice to have a fresh start after everything,’ Wanda’s voice is quiet, ‘where we can rebuild after all we’ve just been through.’
‘Rhodey I’m
‘What are you talking about?’ Sharon’s voice is unsteady.
‘If I answer the question do you promise to stop interrogating me on my love life?’ Peter asks as Loki takes the glass to Wade, who gives him a soft thank you. He notices his brother’s eye roll and knows Thor has worked out his kindness has an ulterior motive.
T’Challa nods. ‘What is it you want me to do?’
‘I’m not really in the mood, Deadpool,’ Peter growls. ‘I’ve had a pretty crap day and I don’t think you’re here to make it any better.’
Bucky doesn’t seem to be able to find words, and Loki can feel the mental link opening a little more. Taking a risk Loki lets his barrier fall and floods Bucky with his emotions, letting him see everything he’d ever concealed from him before.
Now, a month later, he is standing on the tarmac waiting for the plane carrying Wanda Maximoff. He’d insisted she come next for Vision’s sake, and for the sake of his plan. It had taken a
The after party has wound down enough now that there’s only really the team, the staff and some really dedicated drinkers and dancers left hanging around; even they are starting to trickle out. Steve notices Peter saying goodbye to a group of three adults, one of them holding onto a stick so he assumes it’s the blind lawyer he’d helped earlier. The man hangs back a little longer to speak to the teenager and they seem to part on good terms.
‘No!’ he cuts her off, eyes wide. ‘Whatever you were about to say the answer is no.’ She just cackles in response and goes to grab a drink from the fridge.
‘They tortured you,’ Natasha says bluntly.
‘Sorry?’
They’re in a stand off. Natasha and Clint are hiding behind one of the smaller hangers, and Wade and Peter behind one of the trees. They were all down one hit. It was all to play for.
‘Why don’t you try creating a sphere of power and we shall see how powerful you can make it?’
‘You are one sentence away from me dangling you from the side of the building,’ Peter grumbles, then his face lights up as the pepperoni pizza floats in front of his face. ‘I love you Wanda!’
‘The weapons,’ he says quietly, as if he’s piecing together his thoughts as he’s talking. ‘They sound different.’
I hope you're all getting ready for a good festive period, despite the challenges: we're going up in Tiers here in the UK so there's more restrictions unfortunately. Stay safe everyone!
a genius after all, and he’ll admit he actually quite enjoys his sparring sessions with Natasha and Sam. After all the three of them aren’t super soldiers, nor do they have enhanced strength, and they still get involved in fights up close and personal; there’s plenty of jokes that go around the team that Tony’s suit does most of the work, but he still has to punch in it and fight just like the others on occasion. So Natasha and Sam are perfect partners when he
‘Oh, right, sorry, yeah. Um… well…. can I come up here three weekends a month rather than just two?’ he turns those big brown puppy eyes on Tony.
‘Where are you skulking off to Parker?’ Flash asks as the group moves off.
‘Get those new volunteers out and down to the labs,’ he shouts, ‘and where the hell is everyone?’
There’s a bit more debate between the council members before Tony is allowed to leave. It’s been nearly a week and a half since Bucky returned to them and the man has barely been out of the chair. Sometimes with only one of either Vision or Wanda present to help heal his mind. Tony’s not sure he’s ever seen someone so determined, but he knows it’s because Bucky wants Steve to be able to come home.
‘Flash,’ Betty rolls her eyes, ‘rich idiot kid of the class who apparently has a weird fixation on Peter.’
Tony pulls the jet to a stop, tapping his reactor and letting his suit cover him. ‘I second the question.’
A/N: Hi everyone! Hope you enjoyed your first pre-Christmas double update. Thank you to everyone for your continued support by reading, leaving kudos and commenting on this story. I'm hoping to put the first parts of the Christmas Special up tomorrow so keep your eyes peeled if you're interested in reading that.
‘I can join in training?’ he asks, eyes going wide. ‘Really?’
‘I agree,’ he smiles at her. ‘The restaurant should be just around this corner.’
Tony just waves his hand as he stumbles towards the corridor that leads to their bedrooms. They watch him go until he’s out of sight.
Reacting on instinct Peter wraps an arm around his attacker and sends a web up to stop their fall about twenty feet from the alley floor. He looks down to see who’s stupid enough to tackle someone off the side of a building and sees none other than-
‘Oh come on Brucie-Bear, don’t be like that. It’s only just happened to be fair. Apparently there’s only so long Steve could resist my dashing good looks.’
‘It wouldn’t hurt,’ Natasha nods.
‘Hey-!’
‘Actually, Pepper,’ Rhodes looks a little uneasy and clears his throat, ‘I don’t think you are.’
‘Deadpool?’ he can hear the amusement in the man’s voice, and tries to keep his face from going bright red.
(See the end of the chapter for
I knew about how you can fight is completely wrong?’
‘Stop it,’ she repeats, voice quavering a little.
‘Let’s get out of here before anything else tries to attack us,’ Wong suggests, leading the group back towards the Sanctum and the portal that will take them back to the facility.
‘Fine, seven,’ Thor grumbles.
‘You need to get out of here, get your friends safe and get your suit on, Baby Boy. I’ll handle this lot. Now go!’ Peter nods and pushes his friends along the corridor, looking back over his shoulder as the merc takes out his katanas, giving them an experimental swing.
‘Great! I’ll arrange for a car to pick you up,’ Peter grins, ‘and I’ll send you all the information on text.’
smarter than the doctors?’
be in separate places right now if we can help it.’
‘And I thought he was bad in the war,’ Bucky sighs, shaking his head, ‘he’s actually worse now.’
‘Even though he’s as stubborn as you say he gave in
‘I know but I don’t want Mr Stark to have to deal with a scene if loads of people spot him,’ he mumbles, slamming his locker shut, slinging his weekend bag over one shoulder and trying not to tap his foot waiting for Ned to finish. ‘Plus he told me not to make him wait.’
Tony gives him a questioning look in the mirror but Bucky just shrugs. ‘Alright, well we’re running a little late so I’m going to have to step on it. Buckle up everyone!’
‘How do you know about that?’ Happy asks.
‘For once I’m not going to argue,’ Tony says, grabbing hold of Peter and taking off. ‘Good luck.’
he thinks, leaning heavily back against the railing. ‘I’m so screwed,’ he groans and runs his hands over his face.
Until Thanos manages to wrestle his hand free from Peter’s webs and uses his gauntlet to send them all flying backwards. Then he turns to Vision.
Something is not sitting right, and she’s tempted to start the upload now.
‘Don’t I get a say in this?’ Steve asks.
‘You forget, Buckaroo,’ Tony grins, ‘it was your old team taught me to play this game.’
‘Well you guys definitely came to the right place,’ she cuts across whatever Rocket was going to say in response, ‘we always do a big team Christmas now so there won’t be any problems with you joining in. We even celebrated Yule for Thor, Valkyrie and Loki last year so we do a big combination of two celebrations; and there’s always way too much food so you won’t go hungry. Plus it’s nice to change it up each year and do something different. Come on I’ll show you to your rooms, then we can meet all the team upstairs and start planning. Just you wait till me and Pete fill you in on the decorating plans…’
‘Is the child’s relationship
‘Thor I-’ for once Loki is at a loss for words.
‘Talking with Ross,’ his voice drips disgust.
As always here's your sneak peek:
‘I can put in more,’ she tells him, opening the source of her power more. She can feel the power flowing through her, rushing through her veins with her blood and pounding in her head. Why had she never tried this before?
‘I am still ensure why you think
‘Wade?’ Peter knocks when he reaches their room. ‘Wade!’
‘Sounds like a plan,’ Steve nods, ‘tell them to let us know the moment they think the Jotuns might be close. We’ll do the same.’
‘I don’t know…maybe six or seven?’
‘Ah, hi Ms Parker, it’s Tony,’ he says, wondering how he can take on a room full of journalists and not blink an eye, but when he speaks to this woman he breaks out in a sweat.
‘What is
‘Yeah I get the feeling you don’t like people telling you no.’
The last time Francis dropped a building on me the flames burnt everything around me so that it ended up being easy to stand up and walk off. This shit isn’t burning, all it’s doing is keeping me crushed. And I can’t move any of it.
‘Had enough brother?’ Lautenus taunts.
‘Waterboarding?’ Bucky’s question is quiet. Natasha only nods in response.
‘What did you mean by what HYDRA did to you?’ the quiet voice asks, suspicious still but gentler than before.
‘Mask stays on,’ Wade’s tone is final as he looks down, then picks up one of his own tacos and realises his issue. ‘Well, mostly on.’
Steve scowls. ‘Oh shut up.’
‘Fuck you Hammer,’ Tony manages to croak out from cracked lips. ‘I already told you, you don’t know shit. Never did. Probably why all your tech was so shi-’
anything,’ Strange replies, then turns to look at Lorena, ‘but there is something I can tell you and that you
He laughs. ‘Alright, no it’s not. I like watching you guys train so I can see what changes I can make to your gear that will mean they’re more comfortable and of more use.’
alright?’ Tony demands, opening bleary eyes to glare at the merc.
‘I’ll take it,’ Valkyrie says, ‘he’s not coming anywhere near me. What’s the forfeit?’
‘As Peter has not so eloquently put,’ Natasha smirks at the teen, ‘Wade has already put in rules to their relationship because he’s underage. You’ll probably be surprised at how responsible he’s being about the whole thing.’
Before he can stop himself he reaches forwards and pulls Steve’s mouth to his. The soldier makes a sound of surprise before relaxing into the kiss, the hand on the side of his face creeps to cradle the back of his head. When the inventor pulls back there’s a blush on the blond’s cheeks.
‘Now the question we really need to answer: what are we going to tell the rest of the team when we get to the facility?’ Loki asks.
Wade swallows, obviously finding everything a little difficult to process, but nods his head. ‘Yes, sir.’
‘Well…it’s more I have a friend who’s a brain surgeon who ends up being the only doctor who can stand me long enough to actually treat me. Plus he knows even
‘You know,’ Fury slurs as Wanda helps Ororo, who has also decided to bow out before making a fool of herself, to her room, after the priestess gives T’Challa rather enthusiastic goodnight kiss, ‘I’ve always liked you guys the most out of everyone I’ve worked with.’
Tony grins. ‘Oh yeah, that’s what I said to Uncle Gabe. And I was only five at the time. The tongue lashing she gave him I swear the guy was crying by the time he left, it was only the fact I was there that I think she didn’t put her shoe up his backside for good measure.’
Neither of them listen.
There’s so many good memories in the training room now, starting from his first days as an Avenger right the way through to today. Even if they are preparing for an alien invasion and the potential end of the world.
‘How’s the support group going?’ she asks, and they spend the majority of the run bouncing around ideas for his support group and how he might be able to expand it. Sam’s often wondered why Natasha doesn’t come and run some of the sessions with him, or even start her own group, but she always waves off the suggestion whenever he brings it up; he supposes she has such a good understanding of people because, in her profession, she has to know how their minds work, and it provides valuable insights for him. He often wonders if it’s a lack of confidence in herself that stops her from doing more.
Tony shrugs. ‘He’s a fan, I felt bad.’
‘Aww come on it’s perfectly safe, you only got to worry if I drop it.’
Bucky wonders.
‘Only so that we may vanquish our foe together,’ Thor reassures him with a smile. ‘I would hate to miss out on the fun because you have taken victory without me.’
