In previous chapters, Steve agrees to marry Tony in order to use his dowry to pay off the debts on the ranch. After going to the bank, they find out they're still short. Steve and Tony have a second fight.
“Who is Dottie?” Tony tilted his head, distracted for a moment from Steve’s embarrassment. Maybe that was why he was encouraging them. He wanted to see him squirm. That was a hell of a lot more likely than him actually having any sort of actual interest.
“He’s grumpy because he’s hungry. Let’s hurry up and get some food, I’m half starved myself.” Tony complained, and with everyone there they finally started the trip to the restaurant.
"It's going to be a uphill battle." He reached out and looped an arm around Tony's waist, moving upright and pulling him close. He rested his chin on his shoulder, and Tony tilted his head to rest against his. “But I'm not going to call off the wedding because Bucky is being a jerk about it.” Steve assured him.
That was fair. All he had done was draw a picture, that skill wouldn’t be any use in the arena. Ranking him last made sense.
Steve sheepishly rubbed the back of his neck, and hope he wasn't still red. “I'm sorry about that, please ignore them. They're trying to help set us up, since they think I'm hopeless.”
When Tony stepped through the door Steve let out a gasp of relief. He ran over and pulled him into a hug, and Tony went willingly, giving his back a few firm pats. Steve held him back by the shoulders and gave him a stern look.
Steve returned to the fight, where Bucky and the new wolf Coulson were circling. Stane was snapping at them, and the longer he fought, the bigger he seemed to get, muscle straining out of proportion, limbs lengthening in uneven spurts. Stane lashed out with a misshaped limb and Coulson went down, skidding across the room and slamming into a row of empty chairs. With the others fighting the guards, that left only Steve and Bucky to face off against Stane.
“You need to step back. It isn’t any of your business what goes on in my pack.” Steve snarled, taking out his rage on whoever was nearest. So, Tony. But since it was Tony, he wasn’t taking it lying down.
Steve snorted. “Yeah, most people don’t. It hasn’t gotten this cold here yet, I wonder if it’s going to snow. Maybe the crowds back home are bored and they need to make things more interesting…” Steve trailed off. “Did you ever watch the games?”
Was the cornucopia worth the risk of being caught? The number one cause of death in the arena was the bloodbath that took place on the first day at the starting point. Number two was hypothermia, three was dehydration. Tony scanned the arena and it looked like a normal forest, as much as Tony knew what a forest looked like. He had never left the Capital. Did forests get cold enough to kill? Would there be water?
Natasha got him interesting mechanical wind up toys she had seen on a mission. Bruce got him a fancy type of coffee, and Thor and Jane got him a device they had created to detect magic. The rest of them got him gag gifts, Clint giving him wrinkle cream for being such an old man. Pepper got him a pen filled with invisible ink, so if he forget to sign paperwork again he could claim he did sign it, invisibly. Rhodey got him a Iron Patriot t-shirt, which Tony balled up and threw at his friend’s head.
“Cows don't have houses.” Steve muttered, being purposely belligerent. Tony smacked his hand on the table.
And Meiko says she made it in a loaf pan. Why would she do that? Why not look up a recipe for lemon loaf, if she wanted a loaf? Also she added less sugar then complained that it wasn’t sweet enough. Whose fault is that, Meiko?”
Closed, opened. He didn’t think about anything because any thing he thought about would be bad. Closed, opened. Time passed, presumably.
Steve breathed a sigh of relief. It was time to go home. Because though it was imperfect, that’s exactly what it was. Home.
He was sleeping, he knew he was sleeping, as his feet carried him down the hall, every step carrying the weight on inevitability. Steve met Tony in the conference room. They were the only ones there, and Tony looked up when Steve entered.
The car pulled out of the underground garage and drove to the center of the Capital, to the tall white building where the President lived and most of the politics of the country happened. The doors didn’t unlock until Tony was inside the building, with six inch thick doors locking them tightly inside the Capitol building. Tony knew that they were just there as a safety precaution for the president, and he had never felt trapped by them before. Tony got out slowly, and the guards walked him right to the door of the President’s office. The door swung open and Obie threw out his arms. “Tony my boy!”
“Why don’t you take a walk, and let us talk in peace? I think there are things that need to be shared solely between us.”
Cute! How dare- oh wait. Actually he would take cute. Cute was good, right? He would have preferred magnificent, but he’d take cute.
“Why are you with him?” Tony asked quietly, and Yinsen looked over his shoulder to make sure that the other boy was still inside their wooden lean to.
“No, no! I have a plan for that too. When we go to Stark Industries, I’ll ask Obie for my wedding ring. It's tradition in my pack to pass down rings, so my Grandpa's ring has been put aside for me. I wasn’t supposed to have it until we’re married, but I’ll say I want it as a proof of our engagement or something. Then we go to the pawn store in town, and sell it. We can buy it back after we pay off the bank, a few days before the wedding, go get milkshakes, and celebrate our complete and total success. It’s perfect!”
“No problem!” Tony said, heaving himself back to his feet. “Be back in a second,” he said, patting Brian’s shoulder. Brian grabbed his hand and planted a kiss on his palm.
Tony made the shift back to human, the process long and painful, though he didn’t let the strain show on his face.
“Not my fucking point! I hate cows, and I hate farms, and I hate you! I don't want this, you clearly don't want this, and we can’t make it through a single solitary sentence without fighting, so let's just end this whole farce of a marriage before it begins!”
“Ok, fine, maybe.” Steve snapped. “I know we had to, but I didn’t like it. I always imagined my first time being a lot more special, you know? Instead it was in this stupid arena while Thor was dying and god knows how many people were watching us and you got blood on me and I didn’t like it at all.”
“Bucky.” Steve gasped, still hovering on the edge of disbelief. How was this possible? This couldn’t really be Bucky, could it? He took a step forward and his brother pulled him into a hug. Steve carefully wrapped his arms around him, like if he hugged too hard his long lost brother would just disappear. This guy looked like Bucky, sounded like Bucky, smelled like Bucky. Steve was overwhelmed, and by the slight tremble he could tell his brother felt the same.
The ranch house had first been built to fit about fifty. Then as the pack had expanded, more rooms had been added on, until there were over seventy bedrooms. Plus bathrooms, two enormous kitchens, and several dining and living rooms. Most of it had been boarded up for as long as Steve could remember, and it was still so much extra space that he sometimes felt like a ghost wandering through the empty halls. Back when he still had time to play, hide and seek with his older brother Bucky used to take hours. Finding Tony was going to be a huge waste of time. And what if he had picked Bucky or Ma’s room? He'd fucking kill him if he touched their stuff. He ran to his Ma’s room first. He wasn't there. He went to Bucky’s next, right next door to his own and across from his Ma’s. Not there either. He let out a sigh of relief. There were so many rooms it was unlikely he would have picked one of these, but he had faith that Tony would always find some way to piss him off. Maybe this whole marriage thing could work after all, after one day he already had faith in his partner. Now he just needed love and devotion and all that other jazz, which would be coming any day now. Yeah, right.
“Really Tony, years? You follow the recipe and try not to light anything on fire, it’s not that hard.”
“Focus guys, this isn't working.” Shouted Steve as he threw his shield. “The birds keep coming back. Iron Man, how do we stop these things?”
“Oh!” Indries tittered. “Blondie talks for you now, Tony? You know, I’ve been here a few days, and you haven’t. Is this the first time he’s let you leave the house?” She ignored Steve like he wasn’t there. That hurt a little. Tony glared her down, also ignoring Steve.
“Yeah, I think that would be best. I’m not sure evil birds fall under NYPD’s jurisdiction. Call the team and start powering up the suit while you’re at it.” Tony closed the screens with a sweeping gesture and walked towards the back of his workshop where he kept the suit, scooping up the gauntlet he was working on along the way.
Tony walked away with his head down, not watching where he was going, trying to escape. He walked and walked until the sun set and he kept walking as the broadcast appeared and he fell to the ground, covering his ears. He didn’t want to hear who had died today, he couldn’t take any more of this. It was all a huge
“I don’t know! That crazy lady dragged him away as soon as we got here yesterday, I didn’t see him until the car ride over and he was dead silent the whole time. He must be having pre-wedding jitters, poor guy.”
“You volunteered…” Tony said weakly. He wasn’t going to kill anyone, they were going to kill each other without any involvement from him. All he was doing was making sure the arena was functioning and no one got out.
It wasn’t fair. He had done everything he could, and then some. But wasn’t ever good enough, was it? It wasn’t even his fault, he had inherited a load of responsibilities and twice as much debt. It was the bank’s fault for being so unforgiving, his family’s fault for taking on so many loans, his Ma and Bucky’s fault for leaving him alone to deal with all this when he wasn’t ready and never wanted it, it was Stane’s fault for not shelling out just a bit more, and most of all it was Clint’s fault, for not being able to do some interest and basic addition. This was their whole future and he couldn’t even put in the effort to double check the numbers? Steve was willing to marry a complete stranger to save the ranch and Clint wasn’t willing to take what they had and subtract what they needed correctly? And now it was too late to do anything. How hard was it? He screwed over the pack so he could go outside and fish? So he could laze around the house and gossip with Jan? None of that anymore, because they were going to lose the house. Steve got out of the truck. He stomped over to where his pack was awkwardly loitering in the front of the bank. As he approached, Clint tried to ask what had happened in there. Instead of answering Steve stepped towards him, fist held back. Tony stepped between them, holding out an arm, while Jan moved in front of Clint.
“A very long time ago, though I fear admitting that after seeing how you are on such bad terms with him.”
“Well, last night I picked out a room, all on my lonesome. And it was freezing, so I turned on the heat. Half an hour later, my room was even colder than before. So, I went down to the basement and took a look at your radiator. Much like the rest of this godforsaken house, it has been rotting away in neglect for the past fifty years, and as a consequence is a total piece of shit. So I took it apart.”
“I’m here now. And I’m not leaving until both you and Lord Stark and every other traitor in your coup is dead by my blade.”
He lunged forward, pulling his small two inch blade from his boot. He stabbed Loki in the chest, the knife glancing off a rib and leaving a long red slash. Loki backhanded him to the ground, and slammed his sword through Tony’s chest with both hands. Tony gasped and shuddered, his mouth filling with blood, drowning out his scream into a tortured gurgle. The world started to go hazy and dark, and Tony watched as Loki stepped away, wiping his sword on his cape. “If he lives, put him in the mines. Maybe it will help change his mind. Now it’s time to take care of the Dragon Captain.”
“I can’t lose you!” Tony yelled, standing up and knocking the chair back with a screech. Sam made a face and backed out the room. Steve didn’t blame him.
“Yup, well, that’s how it is.” Steve said awkwardly, trying to shut Bucky up before he made a big deal of things. Tony knew he didn't have a whole lot of experience with relationships, but he didn't need to hear any more from his brother about it.
Obie steepled his fingers and leaned forward. “I’m glad you’ve decided to come back. So tragic when you ran away in the middle of your interview. What was I supposed to show the districts? There were going to be questions.”
Steve sat upright with a gasp. He whipped his head around and saw Tony doing the same, a hand pressed on his chest over the reactor. Bruce was immediately all over him, taking his blood pressure and asking what Tony remembered. Steve laid back down on the bench and rubbed his hands over his face. That had been too close for comfort. And seeing Peggy like that, even if she wasn’t real, felt like a blow to his chest. Steve felt a hand on his shoulder.
Thy always went hunting as a pack, and on the morning of of the full moon, Steve pulled Tony aside to explain the tradition. Tony nodded and agreed to run with them.
“Um. Thanks?” said Tony. He looked at Steve and he shrugged. He had no clue what was going on either. Jan served them up two plates of eggs, and they ate in silence. Tony’s fingers left black marks on the fork Steve noted, both impressed and a little disgusted. He guessed he was wrong about Tony being afraid to get his hands dirty. Didn’t matter though, since he was leaving today. He almost felt bad about it. He could admit that he had been in a bit of a mood yesterday, and eating together like this was...nice. He actually got along with Tony when they both kept their mouths shut. Clint came back into the kitchen. From his boots, Steve could tell that he hadn’t been in the fields. So where had he been for the past half hour?
She sighed. “Steve, he told off a stranger who was twice as big and twice as angry. Your ma would have loved him. Just give him a chance, alright? You've both had a rough day, you might find yourself getting along a lot better when you've both had some time to settle.”
The man turned and walked away to regroup with his pack, who had taken down Stane’s guards during their fight and were tying them up.
“You do to have a crush. You’re just too mutton headed to see it. Don’t worry, Clint and I will help you out. You’ll be knocking boots in no time!”
“There’s no other way out of here besides walking, and we’re miles from anything. We have to take the plane if we’re going to-”
And with that, he shoved him backwards into the pond. Tony hit the water with a splash, and immediately swam back up to the surface, teeth chattering.
“Much safer and warmer to have a partner,” he finally concluded, passing the ball off to Steve to see if he could do any better. Why was this so hard? He found himself stumbling over his words, his mind blank of any thoughts beyond wondering when Steve was going to kiss him again.
Obadiah got up and walked around his desk to Tony. “And who told you that? The boy from 12? The one we both agreed yesterday was crazy?”
“You have to think in sentences, as though you were talking, all I’m getting right now is mush. Vaguely flattering mush, but mush.” Liberty said (thought?)
“It better be. You know Tony isn’t going to react well to being woken up, so if you’re planning a little ‘heart to heart’ then it would be better if you did it at any other time. Go down the left hallway, third door. Don’t wake me up again unless the world is ending.”
Ok, no, maybe not. He was a little bored too, and it was his cow. Steve guessed that he could show him around town tomorrow, and just have to think of something new after that. He’d ask Jan too, even if she was younger. While he thought to himself, Tony had moved on to apologizing.
Tony could see the blush building on Steve’s cheeks. “It’s not like that.” He dug the notes out of his pocket and the group passed them around, everyone getting a chance to read.
It made Tony laugh, every time. Even at the end, when things were bad, and they were sleeping apart and barely talking, Tony would still come to him sometimes and they would sit on the couch a careful distance apart, and Tony would ask him what he did and Steve would make things up until Tony smiled.
“Oh, now I’ve gotten your attention? I found all of them in the basement, and stored them away somewhere you won’t be able to find them. I want you to redo your final interview, and make sure everyone knows that you’ve learned the error of your ways and are back to being fully loyal to the Capitol. Then you’ll go back to work as usual, and if you’re a good boy, I’ll give you back your friends. Otherwise… I don’t have much use for the losers of the Hunger Games.”
“Enough!” Howard slammed his hand down, making a loud noise and startling them all into a nervous silence. This was already much further than Maria used dared to push Howard.
Brian gave him a blank look and Tony sighed to himself. Why couldn’t there be more scientist type superheroes? This guy became a hero through magic, he probably thought the reactor ran on the dreams of children and unicorn tears.
Now it turned out that Steve needed to take care of Tony much more than Tony needed to be taken care of.
He pulled Tony close, burying his head in his shoulder as Tony rubbed his back whispering sympathies. What felt like months of built up tears poured out, until Steve was left shaky and sniffling. Tony held him the whole time, strong and stable, the ray of light leading him out of his tumultuous storm of feelings.
Then the real Cap finally showed up and was at his side in a flash, holding his arm, asking if he was ok and yelling that ‘He was going to get himself killed and where did the birds go and who was this?’ and it wasn't until Tony was back on the jet holding an ice pack to his head that he realized he was “the hot guy” Brian had been rescuing. And that was almost as intriguing as it was annoying.
Before he could continue Clint walked into the room and promptly tripped over a desk and landed in one of the chairs. “What the… why are there chairs? Did you invent a chair gun? Like a ray gun that turns things into chairs??? That would be pretty cool. Wait, is this a super villain thing? Are you turning into a supervillain? Can I shoot you?” Tony clapped his hands together. “In reverse order, no, no, no, no, no, and because it's my birthday! And as Tony Stark, I'm throwing the party of the century! Music, food, as much alcohol as you can drink!”
Now he was regretting literally everything, as one of the best looking and smartest people he had ever met was standing in his kitchen looking at him and honest to god flirting, with Bucky nowhere to be found, and the only thing he could think of to say was ‘Um’.
“Who the hell invited you guys to the wedding?” Tony asked, leaning on Steve. “Whatever, talk to Pepper, she has proof of Ob- of Stane ordering the attack. More than enough to put him behind bars.”
“No eggs here, friend Stark, only villainous birds at their full maturity.” Remarked Thor as they stared over the beat up buildings, watching the birds glide in and out of the broken windows. Cap started swinging at the birds with his shield and Widow hit them with her stingers. Same as last time, they dissolved into mist which drifted off in the breeze. Tony kept an eye out to see where it was collecting.
It took him over an hour of frantic typing, and he hit the final key as peacekeepers stormed into the room, guns raised. Outnumbered, Clint and Thor lowered their weapons. One of the peacekeepers grabbed Tony roughly and pulled him from the room. As they passed the cryogenics room he looked for Steve and didn’t see him. Either he was hiding or captured.
For the rest of the week he dreamed of being sent into the games, and trying to run away before being caught and forced to the ground, the district boy looming over him, chopping off his hand or bashing in his head. It was months before he stopped waking up in the middle of the night screaming, and the next year they all came back, him dying over and over at night after spending the day watching in graphic detail every possible way to die.
“Yeah.” Tony said quietly, an Steve felt guilt well up. Knowing Tony, he had probably spent hours in his BARF machine, running through scenarios, trying to figure out what he possibly could have done different, while on the other side of the globe Steve had been doing the same thing, lying in bed and thinking of scenario after scenario, long after it was too late. He wished he had told Tony everything the second he had found out, because at the end of the day, Tony wasn’t the one who should have done something different. Now all he could do was apologize and try to explain his reasoning.
“Of course. Remind me, where is that picture of us from my nightstand? Is it face down on your dresser, or is it wrapped in one of my shirts in your closet?”
“Deal!” Steve responded quickly, like he was afraid that if he hesitated then Tony would take it back. “When do we start?”
They all took a drink, Tony a couple seconds behind as he struggled to figure out what was going on.
Liberty fell from the sky and crashed into the roof of a building, disappearing from sight. Tony ran as fast as he could in the direction she fell, dodging blows and knocking down Loki’s men where he could. He reached the building where she crashed and raced up the stairs. He found her lying on the ground on the top floor, bits of the scattered roof lying around. Steve arrived a second after he did and pushed past him to cradle her head. “Liberty, hey, it’s going to be ok. Alright? It's going to be ok.” He turned to Tony. “I’m sorry, and I don’t dare to ask anything of you. But Liberty has done you no wrong. Please, help her.”
They arrived at the edge of the clearing in the center, and lurked at the edge of the trees to see if anyone else had arrived. There was a blond boy and a smaller brown haired boy sitting on top of the cornucopia, and Steve ran towards them with Tony a step behind. “Thor! Bruce!”
His version of taking care of Tony had left him hurt and alone in the cold Siberian winter, and the team shattered.
“Goddamnit,” he hissed. What was this, abuse Steve day? This was the second time his poor foot had been stepped on in the last ten minutes. She dragged him to the kitchen and forced him into a chair.
“Hi, my name is Anne and I loved this recipe for lemon muffins after I replaced the flour with beef stock and the lemons with meat and the poppy seeds with potatoes and served it in a soup bowl instead of a muffin tin. Best beef stew I’ve ever had. Five stars.”
Steve laughed and returned to work. Tony shook his head, trying to knock the thoughts out of his mind. He had always admired the Captain from affair, as many had. Now up close and personal, Tony found himself developing more than a passing fancy to the man. As if reading his thoughts, Steve winked at him. Tony smiled weakly back. Even if Steve was interested, they were in the midst of planning a escape and subsequent rebellion. Neither of them would have time to build anything of consequence between them. And Steve didn’t know the truth of Tony’s surname, and would turn upon him once he realized. Tony couldn’t jeopardize everyone’s chance of finding the rebel camp by angering Steve now, and sending him off on his dragon and leaving everyone else to wander the mountains until they died of exposure. Tony doubted that Steve would take out his frustrations towards Tony on the rest of the camp, but he couldn’t risk it. And Tony wasn’t too proud to admit that he luxuriated in the attention Steve gave him. To watch the easy affection turn to betrayal would tear his already damaged heart in two. He heart was hurting now at the thought. Really, really hurting. Tony clutched at his chest and fell to his knees, gasping. Next to him Steve collapsed, a scream trapped behind pursed lips.
Cutting it close? The whole room was empty, they hadn’t even let the crowd in yet. Once the doors were open it was going to be at least a half an hour of people shuffling around to find their seats. Tony leaned back in his chair, putting his hands behind his head and crossing one leg over the other. “I made it didn’t I?”
“Never listen to Clint, he’s worse than you. Now give me the hammer.” She held out her hand expectantly. Steve clutched the hammer to his chest, then relented, placing it in her hand. She gave him an encouraging smile and shooed him out the door, where he immediately ran into Tony.
Steve pressed a hand to Tony’s chest, and there was another jolt of that weird electricity. It might be wise to replace the battery, this one seemed to be faulty. Tony put his hand on top of his, and he swear he could feel Steve’s awe, that he was alive because of this little circle of light, and his respect that Tony had survived and was still fighting. There was a hint of one soldier commiserating with another over healing wounds and aching chests, and under it all a whisper….beautiful.”
“Does it have to be a real one? I’m gonna say a phoenix. Don’t say yours, I’m going to guess. Ummm. Eagle? No, that’s too obvious. Dog?”
Bucky continued talking, oblivious to Steve's meltdown. "I’m guessing there’s a real story there. What made you switch over to our ragtag little bunch?”
Steve nodded slowly and waited for Tony to take charge. Tony stayed where he was. It was one thing to tease the poor guy, he wasn’t going to actually kiss him if he was uncomfortable with it. If Steve didn’t make the first move then Tony would drop it.
When the timer went off again Steve took them out and put them on the counter. They looked like little puddles of spongy yellow soup. Steve poked one and the batter stuck to his finger. Tony shook his head sadly.
“I was dead? I’ve been here this whole time! You were the one who disappeared! Where were you? Is more of the pack still okay?” Steve asked, with an impossible surge of hope. If Bucky was still somehow okay……
“No whining. He helped me out of a tight spot, and he knows how to disable all the traps. He’ll be useful.”
Steve seemed very sure of himself, so Tony dropped it for the moment. The members of the alliance would most likely turn on each other like rabid dogs, just like every other year Tony had watched the games. Still, until then it could be useful. Tony had limited food, and Steve knew the location of his cave so he would have to move on anyway. If he had to survive in the woods he would rather do it with people who had been outside a city before.
“Then who would help you bake? Preheat the oven, then we need to mix the dry ingredients. We need flour, sugar, poppy seeds, baking powder, soda and salt. And beef stock.”
Tony left his head fall forward so their foreheads were touching. “I missed you too. Very, very much.”
“Uninvited?" She laughed. "Tony dearest, I’m planning it! I’m thinking about switching the colors to brown and black to match your cows. I’ll see you then, try not to get hit in the face anymore. I found a great photographer, and it would just ruin the pictures.”
Hammer signed off, and they were left in silence. The group looked at each other. This was the problem Tony had noticed in their alliance from the beginning; they couldn’t all win. After being separated he had been half hoping to see the other’s names in the sky, because as horrible as it would be for them to have died, it was better than having to face them like this.
That got a smile out of Tony before he schooled his face back into indifference and Steve internally cheered. He went to the back of the jet and sat down next to Sam before either of them ruined it by saying something else. Sam punched his knee.
The woman at the stove nodded. “Steve this, Steve that, too much talk and not enough peeling.” She gave him a mock angry look and Tony dulfully went back to his carrots.  Steve put the tomatoes and knife back on the counter. “Nice to meet you both. Tony, could I talk with you for a minute in the hall?”
But enough of that, it had been months since Steve had gotten to spar, and if anyone deserved a good bite, it was Tony. Steve made the first move, stepping forward and trying to get a mouthful of Tony’s tail. Tony spun out of the way and returned to circling. Steve lunged forward with a snap of his jaws and his opponent ducked back again.
Tony’s eyes widened then he looked down and when he made eye contact again his face was shut off. “What about when you ignored me on the base? When you picked Bucky over me? When we hit each other in the airport? When you ripped off my helmet with your bare hands and drove your shield into my chest? When you left me in Siberia with no way home?”
“We have twenty dragons, who can each hold five and make a trip everyday. Worry not for your people, Tony.”
“Steve, why don't you go check on the cows while Clint and I help Tony get settled in?” She suggested. Always trying to make peace, make everyone get along. Usually he appreciated it, though it drove him nuts sometimes. Times like, oh, maybe right now, for example.
“He’s trying to show off for Tony. Note the lack of beard too, after spending the last few months looking like a mountain man,” Sam told her.
He realized suddenly that the dragon was a huge untamed creature, and Steve wasn’t here to offer any promises of safety. Tony turned and ran for his life. Behind him the dragon roared again, and for a second is almost sounded like the word “Stay”.
They walked back to truck, and found Tony elbows deep in the inner workings, and Jan sweating up a storm. Tony was chatting away as he worked, explaining possible problems and solutions. He greeted the men as they walked back. “Hey guys. While you were away, I figured I’d take a look at the engine, see if I could fix it. And I’ve never seen anything quite like it. It looks like the compression tube is gone. Just gone. That’s pretty wild. I might have expected it to be torn or leaking, but gone? That’s a new one. Almost like someone unscrewed it then shoved it in their back pocket.”
“You like Bucky better because you think he's an assassin?” Steve asked, incredulous. She shook her head, tilting slightly off her stool.
“I am relaxed, I’m perfectly relaxed,” insisted Steve as he walked off, still clearly upset. Tony didn't know what was up with him. After all, Tony had followed orders and wasn't the one trying to talk to crazy bird men alone and pulling teammates off benches for no reason. Tony helped Brian to his feet and helped him limp after Steve.
“He always picks up for me. Always.“ He said, tapping the phone against his leg. Inside he was going crazy with worry, but he was Captain America, he had to always be in control of the situation. He looked at the ceiling, and said “Jarvis! Where’s Tony?”
Steve stared at him, trying to convey everything he had felt over the last few months in a few seconds of shared eye contact. “Tony”
Tony pressed kissed to Steve’s neck and collar bones, holding him tight as he tried to lean away to grab the parachute.
“A little before then. Peacekeepers have the right to strong arm anyone they want, traitor or not, no questions asked. I should have known to shut up after that. Now I'm locked up in here and going to die.”
“I like hearing you talk. Now tell me again.” Tony insisted, holding his hand and humming as they walked. Steve smiled and started talking.
After a train ride and a brisk walk, Steve lead them under a high ceiling stone tunnel filled with tables. He held out his arms dramatically. “Welcome to the Brooklyn Flea.”
“I lost half my eggs and most my dignity,” he responded, sitting on the edge of the bed and handing him the plateful of eggs. Tony ignored it to steal and gulp down the cup of coffee. He let out a happy sigh and accepted the eggs. Tony shoved a bite into his mouth, and tried to talk around it, holding a hand over his mouth because he seemed to think that made talking with your mouth full polite. “It’s cute that you think you had any dignity to begin with.”
He ducked around a corner and pulled out his phone, dialing Obie. It rang once and went to voicemail.
Clint came charging up the stairs from the basement. “Steve! What the hell did you do to Tony?!?” he bellowed in rage. He skidded to stop inside the kitchen, and gasped at Steve’s bloody shirt and the scratches on his arms.
“She's exploring the ditch first. You can't go straight from the ranch to somewhere like Paris, you gotta start small. She's setting realistic goals for herself, that's commendable.”
That was yesterday, and now they were dealing with the last of the paperwork before heading off on their honeymoon. Tony emerged from the building, a smile on his face. He got back in the car, shaking it side to side slightly. With fall shading into winter, and all the extra hands, work on the ranch had slowed to a crawl. For the first time in over a year Steve had time and money to burn. When Tony suggested a honeymoon after their wedding, Steve jumped on the idea. They had two weeks to do whatever they pleased, wherever they wanted.
The segment with Christine played, and when the camera cut to Tony it was a close up head shot where he said everything he was supposed to. They skipped the whole interview with the boy from 12, instead showing a small banner on the bottom of the screen saying he was sick and unable to come up.
“He lives on a farm, with me. He goes home and makes sure Clint remembered to close the door to the barn. Tomorrow he might toss some hay. It's not cool, it's not interesting.”
And they beat Thanos the first time around before he snapped because they were all together and lived happily ever after, the end.
Steve gently took his wrist and pressed the thin paper into his hand. “It’s your ranch too, and I don’t think I could stop your crazy if I wanted to. Let’s do this.”
Steve mentally shook his head. Ok. This whole friends thing was going well. No fighting yet, at least. His younger cousins had been joking about him liking him right? Oh course they were. Weren’t they? Suddenly that was all he could think about.
Steve opened his eyes and sat up. He was outside a white mansion in what looked like the older part of New York. He got up, brushed off his pants and looked around. The streets were empty so he decided to knock on the door of the mansion. It was opened by a tall man who greeted him in an eerily familiar voice.
“Do you know who’s fault it was? Why the team is split up? Why Bucky isn’t here? Why Tony hates you?”
“Humph.” he grumbled, grudgingly deciding to give Steve the benefit of the doubt. Tony nudged him away and got up, heading for the door. He looked back over his shoulder. “Well, I'm glad you got him back.”
“Yeah. I pushed an old lady into traffic. I prank called the president. I taught boy scouts how to flip people off and girl scouts how to cuss like sailors.”
“Hawkeye, stay up here and start picking people off. Sam, recon and report. Wanda, get us down then the three of us will work our way down 49th, reconvene once this street is clear and we start on the next. “
“This place is a fucking dump.” Said Tony, snapping his gum. Too bad keeping it safe seemed to include marrying possibly the worst wolf in the entire world. Certainly the most annoying. And obnoxious. And rude. And foul mouthed, and probably lazy, and most certainly spoiled, with that amount of suitcases. What the hell had he gotten himself into?
The air was heavy with an unspoken tension, and Tony was relieved when they continued their journey. As they walked deeper into the woods, the wind picked up and the snow grew deeper, rising up to their knees and soaking through their pants and shoes. They walked farther and the snow continued to rise, while more pelted down on them from above. Tony’s ears and nose burned, and he kept his hands tucked under his armpits. He couldn’t believe that he thought he was cold this morning, when this was real cold, where everything alternated between numbness and terrible burning. When it got to waist height Tony grabbed Steve’s arm. “We can’t go any farther!” He shouted as loudly as he could, struggling to make himself heard over the lashing snow.
Hammer continued on, oblivious. “Banner was next. Another small, thin boy. Then Barton and Odinson. Romanoff was last, and I made some good money on that. Everyone thought it would be Odinson because he was the largest but Romanoff has been a wily one from the start, and it gets so cold down in her district. You gotta watch the interviews carefully, that’s where you get the insider information. Rogers was too sick to interview, and he died first. Clear correlation.”
"And you do? What's it been, a month? Two? You're making a fool decision, why can't you see that? You can't trust the Stark pack, and that includes Tony."
Clint held out two fingers and tapped them as he said the names. “The boy from 9, Raza, and the boy from 7, Ivan. Natasha and I ran into Ivan, he got us a few times with his whip before Nat took it and used it to tie him to a tree. That's the last time we saw him.”
“It’s the one month anniversary of the rebellion, and our successful coup of the Capitol.” Steve paused to let the crowd cheer, and he couldn’t help but smile. He waved a hand through the air shushing them. “That's not why we’re here. All of the votes have been counted, and I have the election results for the next President. One voted for by the people, who will save us, not their own selfish interests.”
Clint shook his head. “What is the point of playing a game of ‘ifs’? It is impossible. I might as well ask how we would fare if Loki happened to choke on a grape and fall over dead tomorrow.”
“Actually you did,” muttered Hawkeye, “It was a nice nap too. I had on my comfy pants and everything. Why’d you call all of us anyway, you can’t handle a few birds?”
“You cancelled a 500 person party…...because I took you out for a burger?” Steve asked, disoriented. Tony gave him a small grin.
Steve stopped shouting and there was a scuff of his shoe as he kneeled in front of Tony. He grabbed his chin and gently tilted his head up.
They headed the rest of the way back to camp and Raza tossed them both some jerky. He had several of the little backpacks that Tony had grabbed during the beginning of the game, either because he snatched them up from the cornucopia, or he killed their previous owners. Tony stalled as long as he could, ripping the jerky up and eating it strip by strip until there was nothing left and he was forced to start work activating the mines. With Yinsen’s help he was able to pry a mine open, and he sorted through the wires inside. The detonator signal was triggered by a heavy touch, and the wire connecting the sensitivity plate to the explosives had been severed by a small wireless timer that was most likely bluetooth enabled to connect with the countdown clock. Once disabled, the landmines could not be re-enabled remotely, which was good, because Tony didn’t want to know what Hammer was planning as retribution for Tony messing up his game this time. He didn’t expect to get a second warning not to mess with the Capital’s traps, and if his life hadn’t been on the line anyway he never would have touched these things.
In previous chapters, Steve needs to save his ranch from the bank so he agrees to marry Tony. Tony's dowry ends up falling short, so they pawn Tony's family ring and Steve's family watch to buy Tony a computer so he can try to earn the money before the bank comes for their home at the end of the month.
Steve leaned in close enough to whisper, so the sound would be lost to people watching. “Don’t call me Darling.”
Steve shrugged as he finished pulling his clothes back on. He walked over and offered Tony a hand, pulling him up. “It is a bit of a dump. And it’s unfair of me to ask you to fix it.”
Clint sat up from where he was lazing on the couch. “Oh sorry, didn’t mean to get your eye. You get what I’m going for here though, right?”
She made a wide gesture with her arms and almost fell off her stool. Steve reached out to steady her and she slapped his hand away.
Tony put his phone down and turned his attention to the tv where the 11th district had just appeared on screen. After a couple minutes of waving, the camera shifted to District 12. Tony leaned forward and took a good look at the boy. He looked like he hadn't had a good meal in weeks, and he had deep bags under his eyes, visible under the layers of makeup they always slapped on the contestants. He was wearing a red white and blue spandex jumpsuit, with a white star on the chest. It looked as dumb as the other costumes in Tony’s opinion.
The next year when the family settled in to watch the games, Tony had stared at the screen, uncomprehending. What were these loud noises? Why were people running and crying? He started to cry too, and tried to hide his face on his mother’s shoulder. Howard pulled him away and forced him to face forward, eyes on the screen as a tribute took an ax and hacked away at the girl in front of him. The first stroke was enough to knock her to the ground, the second cut deep into her stomach. She held up her arms and the next stroke separate her hand from her wrist in a spray of blood.
Bucky opened and closed his mouth, his eyes seeking out his family in the crowd. They were huddled together, tears streaming down their faces.
Cap walked over to them, holding the crown. It looked to be made of solid gold with real gems, and a quick scan using his suit didn’t return any unusual readings. Tony hated magic.
Clint and Jan finally got over their shock enough to run over and join the hug. Steve opened one of his arms to include them, and kept one tight around Bucky.
“We could use regular milk and vinegar. Oh my god, we’re just like the commenters. I've become a Sara.”
After a few seconds Tony broke away from him and started walking down the hall again. “Chop chop, these mech suits aren’t going to upgrade themselves.”
Steve looked over at the dirty pots and spoons over flowing from the sink and the mess of baking powder and raw egg covering the counter.
“Of course my boy, my pack has always had a long history with yours. Wouldn't want to disappoint old friends, even if said old friends are no longer around. My condolences. To lose so many so quickly….” He stared off into space, as if pondering the abstract cruelty of the universe. Steve gritted his teeth in something that could have been a smile.
Vanko grabbed him by the throat and dragged him to the thick post buried in the center of the clearing. Sometimes they hitched the horses to it, when they were dropping off supplies. Now Vanko and a couple of his guards used it to tie Tony’s arms above his head to the top of the post so that his feet barely touched the ground. Tony struggled and Vanko slapped him, knocking his head back and making his ears ring.
Tony had seemed so excited for the wedding yesterday. He had shot Steve happy looks all day, and they had danced together in the living room as Jan sang like a dying cat and Clint struggled through a horrendous attempt at music on their late uncle’s guitar. He’d seemed loose, open, happy. Now he was as closed off as when they’d first met.
“Where are we going?” Tony demanded. Everyone ignored him. He was about to ask again when one of the peacekeepers raised a hand threateningly. Tony shut up.
“Everything. I don’t know if either of us deserve forgiveness for everything that’s happened between us over the years, but holding on to the bitterness is only going to hurt both of us, and after being faced with the thought of losing you….. Please, let’s start over from the beginning, and do it right this time.”
He glanced down at the plate. Yeah, that ended up being way more than half. “Payback for the bite,” he concluded.
Tony grabbed his wrist and looked him in the eyes. “I do. I’ve gotten to know every single person on this base and in all of the towns near here. And I keep coming back to you.”
“What did I say?” Steve smirked. Tony frowned down at the paper ball and Steve took pity on him. “Your feet are all wrong, that’s your problem.”
His hands were bleeding and nothing was breaking through the thick shell of the armor. Cold wind blew at his back. Below him the armor laughed, the sound distorted through the speakers into a growling screech of static.
Before Raza could strike there was a shout, and Yinsen came charging out of the bushes behind them to tackle Raza to the ground. As Yinsen made contact Raza spun and lashed out with his knife, but Yinsen had momentum on his side and they both fell to the ground, Raza bashing his head against a rock and going limp. Tony limped over and pulled Yinsen up, gasping in horror as he saw the long cut running across his throat.
“Liberty!” Tony shouted in panic. Most of the arrows bounced off of her hard scales without causing any harm, but one lucky shot hit the glowing blue light in her chest. It shattered and Liberty let out a heart wrenching scream.  Tony dug his fingers into his chest around his own battery as he whispered to himself, “No, no, no…”
Tony let out a quiet laugh. “Old ladies? It’s Obie who’d be having a heart attack. ‘That is not appropriate behavior for the pack heir, Tony,’” he mimicked, “Like I ever gave a fig about what anyone else thought.”
Steve shook his head and took it. “You’re nuts. We’re eventually going to have to kill each other, and you’re giving me your food. Are you still thinking that this is all some big mistake and your friend the President is going to swoop in and save you?”
“There has long been a myth that if the ravens ever leave the white tower, all of England will fall. Though not exactly true, like most myths it was based in fact. Three weeks ago the Crown Jewels were stolen. The crown, the scepter, and the globus cruciger. Each object contains the power to summon and control the mythic tower ravens. As long as the Crown Jewels remained in England, the ravens were bound to protect the Tower and country against magical threats. Four weeks ago, three men attacked the Tower and stole the Jewels. Leroy, who I caught last time we met, and Kane and Maxwell who are still loose with the globus cruciger. I am on a mission for the Queen to find these men and return the Jewels, before anyone realizes they're missing and tries to take advantage of my country's lack of magical defenses.”
Tony frowned and leaned forward to rest his elbows on the table. “Didn't we already take care of this last week? Because if I'm stuck in some sort of ground hogs day, I'd rather not have it be the day a bird dropped me fifty stories.” Tony pulled out his phone and tapped at it, pulling up a hologram for the team to see as he set it on the table.
“You have done well. You are a legend in these lands, and even now we trust you to lead us to the rebellion, then all of Thor’s loyal men to victory over Loki.”
. He knows something we don't, and after the party is over we're all going to go back to our boring houses in this small boring town, and he's going to go somewhere secret and cool and spy on people and shoot bad guys or something.”
“Assaulting a peacekeeper is a federal offense punishable by death. However, Tony was no ordinary citizen. He was the Game Master, a huge honor which he has rejected for some district rat. He needs to be made into an example for any who would think to follow in his footsteps. Therefore, I sentence Anthony Stark to compete in the Hunger Games.”
Images of birds attacking a bank appeared, along with shaky footage from civilian bystanders. “It appears to be a different person Sir, with a different weapon. The avians are not currently causing any harm outside of damage to the nearby buildings.” Jarvis stated. Unlike the last man, this one didn't hide among clouds of birds, instead standing in the middle of the street as if daring someone to stop him. He held a orb with a cross on top in place of a scepter, and that seemed to be what was controlling the birds. Tony was unimpressed. “They start handing these out with Happy meals, J? What's with all the bird villains?”
“You’re a boy who owns cows, ergo, a cowboy. Why are you down here? Don’t trust me to get the job done?”
Steve started talking loud enough for the hidden cameras to catch. “I’m so glad to have a moment alone with you, I’ve been missing you all day. It’s hard being so in love.”
Tony looked up from the gauntlet he was wielding and turned off the blow torch. “Not a big fan of disturbances J, unless I’m the one making them. What have you got for me?”
Steve shrugged, and Tony continued. “He was going to fight no matter what. If I tried to ban him he’d keep doing it anyway, without protective gear or Friday on speed dial. Also this way he gets paid and gets internship experience. Colleges love that sort of thing.”
Steve struggled with what to say. For being the man with the plan, he hadn’t put any thought into this beyond ‘Tony is in trouble, I can help, I have to go right now.’
They spent the next few hours playing in the woods, until Steve called them all in around one. Though he wanted to play more, they still had work to do tomorrow. Clint had managed to dig up the badger, and with Jan’s help they had killed it and now were dragging it home in triumph. It would help stretch their food budget, and be a nice break from canned ravioli. He should have been hunting too, not romping around with Tony, but he couldn’t muster up any regret. It had been a really nice night. It felt like it had been forever since he had just lived, and suddenly everything mundane seemed so incredibly meaningful and beautiful. For this one night, there was nothing more important than the pleased chuffs Clint was making, the slight look of disgust on Jan’s face as she licked her feet clean, the owl above, the leaves below, and Tony, Tony, Tony.
He had seen people edit children’s movies into horror movie trailers, so this was probably something like that. He searched around and found the official video, posted by the Capital broadcasting center. The same woman drew a paper out of the bowl.
He had been expecting this. He had thought of this, and a hundred other ways it could go. You don’t get the title of ‘master tactician’ by being surprised by a likely outcome occurring. Yet this was Tony, who offered a helping hand to the man who tried to kill him seconds before, who didn’t kill the man who held him hostage and tortured him, who offered first, second, third chances to people who never asked for forgiveness. Steve had been convinced (still was convinced) that there was still something left of their relationship worth saving. Tony clearly didn’t feel that way, and even expecting that as a possible outcome hadn't dampened the blow.
After lunch the search continued. They had to be quiet to not attract the notice of the other tributes, and it made searching hard when you couldn’t call out someone’s name. As they ventured farther from the river and the little path where Tony had disabled the flamethrowers, the damage to the forest grew worse. The air was still filled with a peppery smoke, and ash drifted into the air as they walked. Most of the trees were dark shadows, their leaves burned away along with their color. Tony pressed a hand to a trunk and his fingers came away black.
Now he was back on his feet and a prisoner like any other, spending hours each day chipping away at the rock to find the iron that hid inside. Burly men walked up and down the lines with whips, showing no mercy for anyone who tried to resist. Tony was thankful for his many years pounding metal in his forge, otherwise he would have collapsed long before.
Steve pushed himself up long enough to take a swing at one of the guards, who dodged his sloppy punch and hit him on the head with the barrel of his gun. Steve dropped to the ground like a sack of bricks and the peacekeeper kicked him a few times for good measure.
“You remember the ghost writer I had you look up? It’s him. I’m paying him to give me a tour of Brooklyn and things happened.”
The younger two stood up with a cheer. They rushed over to pat him on the back, and yap excitedly at Steve. He shooed them away with a laugh. “Watch the cows! Don’t let Dottie get out!” He grabbed Tony’s arm. “Let’s go, let’s go! Before a meteor crushes the truck or the check spontaneously combusts or something!”
“It's probably bad that I’m not even surprised at this point. Thieving birds? Sure, why not, makes more sense than the giant bugs from yesterday.”
Steve nodded firmly as Tony hunched in on himself. “Yes. The man who forged the swords who cut down my king and armed your coup. Who designed and built the planes who shot down Bucky. The traitor to everything I hold dear.”
Everyone met back up in the conference room, Steve and Sam slipping in to take a seat next to Natasha.
There was a banging on the door. “Hey! Who’s in there? Nobody is supposed to be there this time of night!”
He grabbed Tony by the arm and dragged him over to a small folding table that was overflowing with machine parts, everything from old computers to carburetors to gameboys to blenders. Tony started to look through it, the possibilities flashed through his mind. He could make Steve a fridge maybe? Or he could make Rhodey a waffle iron that made them in the shape of the air force logo. Could he build a machine for home drycleaning for Pepper?
Tony eyed the river, and the thought of bending down and drinking from it made him shudder. He could still taste sand and mud in the back of his throat, and feel the water rushing in, choking him in darkness.
Clint had a suggestion. “While we were running from the fire I saw a few large trees we could climb. We could stay up there, no one ever looks up, and if anyone tried to climb after us we could jump branches to a new tree.”
“I'll tell you what, next time you can buy the chairs, and then you can sit wherever you want. Until then, this is my chair. Don't make me paint it red and gold, you know I will.” He threatened and crossed his arms, feeling a little silly still holding the enormous cup of coffee. It must have looked as silly as it felt because Clint was evidently not impressed.
She waved at him frantically, trying to be heard over the growing beeping sound. Beeping? Both Steve and the nearby goon looked down at the chitauri gun in his hands, now beeping faster and faster. They looked back up and shared a brief second of panic before the weapon imploded with a huge bang and everything dissolved in a wave of heat.
“You haven't thought about whether you’re romantically interested in your smoking hot fiancé? Have you even noticed him? Do you even swing that way?”
Tony was gorgeous. His hair was fluffy and he looked downright dapper in a suit jacket over a band t-shirt. Steve himself was wearing his nice jeans and a thankfully clean shirt.
Tony laughed at that, rough and hearty and honest. Steve really wished he wouldn’t do that. It made him look sweet. It made him feel bad about freaking out about signing his future away and dumping all that rage on him, when he got screwed out of just as much.
“You’re such a dick sometimes. Would one little photo really hurt? It’d make Obie happy, and you want to make him happy don’t you, after all he’s done for you.”
Steve approached him hesitantly and the blonde woman handed him a tomato and a knife with a smile. “I’m Maria, Tony’s mother. I’m so glad you could join us, Tony’s always talking about you. Isn't that right, Anna?”
“We don’t have the money.” Steve said bluntly. His face felt hot, and he hoped he wasn’t blushing. First they got caught lying, and now Tony was about to figure out just how dead broke they were. Embarrassing.
“I made my bed and now I'll lie in it, I'm not going to back out of a promise. And Tony's great, we're happy. Happier than I ever thought I'd be again, with everyone gone.” He tried to explain.
Steve grabbed the note from him, crumpling it up and shoving it in his pocket with the other one, and they went back to the group. They were still gathered around Thor, and the group shot them dirty looks as they reappeared.
Still, he didn’t say anything. They did the games the way they did for a reason, and they had been successful for 74 years. That’s what Tony had learned from school. It was important to support the games to keep the Capital safe and remind everyone that the districts were savages, and to remind the districts that the Capital could crush them at any time if they threatened them. It was the way the system had to work. No one ever complained.
Tony was too weak to protest as the boy pulled off his wet shirt and pants and hung them next to the small fire. He tutted over Tony’s ankle, and rewrapped the soggy bandage tighter, also tying up a stick tight to his ankle to offer extra support. He used a scrap of his own shirt to clean the mud off from the still healing cut on Tony’s lip and carefully felt around his head to make sure there weren’t any more cuts. Tony winced when he touched where the peacekeeper had clubbed him, and Yinsen quickly apologized. He also looked over Tony’s forearms, where they had turned a mottled black and blue in a thick horizontal line, as well as his back where he was bruised even worse.
“It doesn't have to be all code names and crimes, that's not the point. He's just going somewhere cool to do important things while the rest of us live out our boring boring lives here, rotting away in this shitty bar and shittier town.”
Tony looked over his shoulder, to make sure none of the guards were in the room. “Terrible. And you need to hire so new peacekeepers, these guys forced me here like some common criminal!”
Pepper immediately shifted from annoyed PA to interested friend. “Who did you meet? Man or woman? What’s their job?”
“Dear SHIELD, thank you for the list of high quality friendship questions. Asking Tony about his favorite color really revolutionized our relationship. After we discussed the seasons I just knew we were going to be best friends for life!!!!”
Steve had to take a breath after hearing Tony's whole speech. Never in his life had he heard such absolute
Everyone jumped at a sharp crack and looked over at Steve, who had snapped the wooden handle of the knife he was holding. He slapped it down on the table.
Tony didn’t seem to hear, brushing a hand down the blanket.  “And it’s so stupid, because I never care what people think, I just live my life the way I want to live it. But out here where it’s so cold and quiet, I can’t tell if I don’t care because I don’t care, or if I don’t care because I’m afraid of what they’re going to say, and it’s so much easier to just drown it all out than to try to listen and hear everything I’ve ever feared people might say. I’m so afraid that nobody likes me, and I can’t even blame them because for most of this past year
Since Tony’s birthday, Steve had been putting in an effort to get to the know the man. Weekly lunches had turned into watching movies too, which had started to include video game tournaments, and before Steve knew it, he had a desk to do paperwork in Tony’s lab and a couch to sketch on, and in Steve’s room there was one of Tony’s tablets next to his sketchbooks, his bookshelf was filled with Tony’s recommendations, and one of Tony’s coats hanging up in his closet. He wasn’t sure why the coat was there, but it made him feel warm whenever he saw it, so he didn’t question it.
“You know me, love trusting strangers.” Steve agreed and looked through a few recipes until he found some pictures he liked, and clicked on the website.
Steve frowned. “Where are you going to have your party then? There isn’t room downstairs anymore.” He hoped Tony didn't switch it to their living room, that would be awful.
Before, Steve had been keeping his eyes forward and Tony his arms crossed, now they laughed with each other and walked with shoulders relaxed. When they got back to the tower, Tony insisted on opening his gift. Steve had given him some nice coffee and a sketch of DUM-E. It was more of a warm up that turned out nice than an actual finished illustration, and Steve really wished he had put more time into it as Tony hugged the paper to his chest, declared that it was true art, and promised to have it framed and hanging up in his workshop by the next day. Steve had gone into this whole thing really dreading it, and it had ended up being a decent afternoon. Tony was fun to be around when they weren’t fighting. Score one for team bonding, he thought, and went back to his room with a smile.
Cake? Tony mentally scrolled through the list of drugs he had personally had a chance to try. There were always a lot of things floating around the Capital, no laws against it unless it made you violent. If anything Obie liked it when everyone was either blissed out or hungover because they meant they weren’t trying to cause him trouble.
So that’s what lead Tony to where he was now, on stage in front of the whole country, being sworn in and promising to uphold the rights of everyone and to treat all the district fair and equally. The sun was shining and he felt anticipation building in his chest. This was a pivotal point; things could go anywhere from here, and no matter what happened, it would never be the same.
But now he knew Tony would be able to shift, and in a less than a day they would get to have their first run since Tony joined. Steve couldn’t wait.
He gently grabbed Tony's chin and pulled his eyes up to meet his. “We’re both getting married with ring pops and Clint will be in charge of taking pictures of every outraged stuffy old lady’s face.”
Strange steepled his hands. “I can send one of you in, to try to convince him to return to the real world. You cannot drag him, he must return of his own volition. I must warn you that I have seen this spell cast twice before, and both times the afflicted never awoke, and in the second case the second person sent in was lost as well. If you spend too long in the dream world, it starts become more real and the spell adapts to include you as well. If people from your past start to show up, you must leave, whether you have convinced your friend to return or not. It is not a challenge for the faint of heart.”
Steve shook his head. “No, we’re not getting separated again. Look, we were able to get you something to help your ankle once, let’s do it again.”
Natasha got up. “I can go hunt or look for berries. We should try to save the gifts for important things.”
“It is. What the hell, we’re not getting out of this anyway, might as well tell the truth to the whole world. Everything between us? It’s all been for the cameras, a way to manipulate people to send us whatever we wanted. We were never in love, we never even liked each other. You think I would spare a second for a Capital boy? I’d rather choke. I did choke, anytime he kissed me and I had to pretend.”
Steve had thought things were going well with Tony. They ate lunch together most days, and shared that stupidly small love seat on movie nights, and made flirty jokes with each other that would have crossed a line with any of Steve’s other friends. Sure, Steve had never directly asked him out, but he was getting there (eventually, shut up, Natasha) and felt like they had a pretty good mutual understand going on in the meantime.
Vanko cleared his throat, and Tony left his side regretfully. This man could be the key to reunited with the rebellion, and was a hero to thousands, Tony included. Tony prayed that he would make it.
Tony didn’t want to get up, instead letting his eyes unfocus and the sounds from the TV wash over him. Apparently they hadn’t been able to get any usable footage from Steve because they skipped his interview again with no explanation as Christine talked to everyone. Then Stane appeared on TV. Instead of the usual spiel about the glory of the Capital, he announced that he had some terrible news.
“You’re trying to spy." Tony said dismissively. " You wouldn’t be here if Obie didn’t tell you to come. Get out of here.”
Clint held him back cackling as Jan ran inside. “Tony! Tony I have something to tellllll youuuuuuu!” she sang with glee. Steve broke free of Clint and charged inside after his cousin. He caught her before she reached the stairs, and he wrapped an arm around her waist to hold her. He covered her mouth with his other hand just in time, as Tony came trotting up the stairs. He paused at the top, taking in Steve with his hand over Jan’s mouth, and Clint on the floor where he fell when Steve broke free. And since Clint had brought it up, it was hard not to notice how handsome Tony was. His eyes were large and expressive, framed by dark lashes. His hair was thick and shiny, the same color as the fur lining his back when he was a wolf. He knew from sitting beside him earlier that under the metal and soot he smelled like cinnamon. It reminded Steve of mornings spent making cinnamon rolls with his mom, and making cookies around Christmas.
“No, no, no,” Tony whispered, still holding the blood drenched cloth to the cut. A canon boomed over head and he let his hand and the cloth drop. It was no use; Yinsen was dead. He bowed his head in grief and took a shuddering breath.
He pulled the coat off the bed and buried his face in it. It was soft, like everything Tony owned, and it smelled like Tony. It reminded him of when Tony would come home after a day of meetings and throw himself at Steve who was drawing on the couch with a dramatic sigh and a long rambling story of what those idiots on the board were up to now, and Steve would rest his head on Tony’s shoulder and breathe in the smell of fabric and cologne and metal. He would rub Tony’s back until he yelled out all of the manic energy he generated from sitting still all day. Once he was done the tension in his shoulders would relax and he would run a hand through Steve’s hair and ask him what he did that day, 'had he done Captain America things, had he made his country proud?'
“We’re going to try to do a speed run. Whatever you do, don’t stop running until you reach the parking lot of the other side of the hill. Get in the grey car and wait for me.”
Steve jerked back as if struck, and Tony let his head hang down again. Tony could feel their bond breaking apart, Steve pulling away.
Last time I was about to marry you, Pepper came to me and spent the whole night going through evidence that Stane had your pack killed. I confronted him, and he laughed and said he was behind all of it, from the bank to the ring. He said if I breathed a word of it or backed out of the wedding, he’d kill you too. And in that moment I realized I absolutely could not live without you. You’re always there for me, and I know no matter how lost I am, you’ll always be there, standing solid as a tree, reliable as the north star, guiding me home. So I promise you in return, I’m always going to be there for you, in any way I can, as long as we both shall live.”
“I don’t do much,” Tony argued. He did only what anyone in his position would do. And he had so much to make up for. If he saved a hundred lives, a thousand, if he returned the kingdom to peace, none of it would ever be enough to erase the mistakes he had made.
“He’s trying to mess with you. The people from the other districts want nothing more than to drag the Capital down into chaos, because they’re jealous of everything we’ve accomplished while they’ve spent the last 74 years playing in the mud. I’m banning you from the training center and I don’t want you talking to the boy from 12 again, do you hear me?”
That was wrong on so many levels it was sad. Tony sat down next to him and started in on trying to explain. “You can’t cut out the center, it's a matter of resonance. It would burn your leg off, then explode.”
“No I’m not! Look, you’ve been here a week, you don’t get how things work around here. This is wrong! It’s all wrong!” Tony insisted.
“Right, sorry.” There was a rustle of clothes and footsteps. “I’m going back down to work on the oven. I’ll see you at dinner, it should be done by then.”
Steve climbed into the bed and tucked his arms up tightly to his chest. Tony pulled the blankets up over them.
They didn't have a moment. Vanko threw Happy to the ground and advanced towards them, craving his ever present whip. He brought it down on them, and Steve held up an arm to shield Tony’s face. Before it could strike there was a flash of blue and Vanko and his whip were incinerated in a burst of flame. Everyone screamed, and ran to take cover in the mine. Liberty landed beside them and nudged Steve with her head. He patted her shoulder.
Though Steve seemed unsure, he acquiesced and let Tony come along, holding his arm carefully to support him if he stumbled. They went outside, where Liberty was sunning herself on a large boulder. Beside her were several other dragons, each more brightly colored than the last. When they approached, Liberty raised her head and Tony felt a sense of peaceful welcome. They sat on the rock next to her and leaned against her side, her head curving around to stare at them with a bright blue eye.
“Not my cow! Well, she is my cow. All cows! They all do this because eating grass is actually really hard.” he tried to explain.
Yinsen nodded. “I will help you hide this for as long as I can. Raza is not the sort of man who should be gifted with weapons.”
Steve went inside, leaving his brother still holding the door, and walked straight to his room. He shut the door harder than necessary and collapsed on the bed.
Stane straightened, now twice as big and trapped halfway between man and wolf, with sharp claws protruding from human fingers, and standing tall on two legs bent backwards like a dog. Fur like spider legs thinly covered pulsing veins. Blood and spit ran from his mouth, his jaw twisted to the point where he spoke in tortured growls. Everyone in the barn was screaming and trying to escape, their leader having become the thing they feared most; an out of control wolf.
“Steve,” Sam said, “Cut the crap. This is going to be the first time you’ve seen him in what, three months? Four?”
Tony jerked back, his shoulders hitting the rock, as someone crashed into the river, just two feet away. It was Steve.
Jarvis stated an affirmative and Steve grabbed his shield and ran downstairs. Within a few moments everyone was assembled in front of the quinjet. Almost everyone.
“See you at dinner,” Steve agreed. He didn’t take his hand off his eyes until he was sure Tony was gone. He felt himself blushing red. Looking back, he had dragged Tony to his bedroom and told him to take off his clothes. He was lucky he didn’t get slapped.
Steve mentally shrugged and went back to watching TV. The Dodgers were shit this year, but what was new. There was more clattering in the kitchen and muffled cursing.
Like hell he was going to let himself get eaten, not when he still had so much to make up for. He ran faster, dodging through the trees where it was too narrow for the dragon to follow. He ran as long as he could, until he was left bent over against a tree, struggling to catch his breath. Night was starting to fall, and he had few options. Without supplies he would never make it down to the nearest village without succumbing to the elements, let alone all the way to the rebel base. He had to return to the mine, where Vanko would be waiting with his dreaded whip. He made his way back, watching the skies carefully for the dragon. He made it make just as the sun set, and the others were making their way out of the mine. Tony stepped into the clearing, his head held high. Steve caught his eye and bowed his thanks. Tony nodded back before Vanko grabbed him by the back of his neck and shoved him to his knees.
Tony nodded cautiously approached. He turned the first man over, and Tony had to turn away. His arm was gone, leaving his shoulder a mess of splintered bone. The wound would have been too much to heal even with immediate medical attention; after several hours of being jostling in the cart up the mountain the man had bled out long ago. Tony gently turned him back over, and they moved on to the next man. This one was was still alive, though his breathing was shallow.
Tony nodded his thanks and got back into the car to relay the directions to Steve. A few minutes later they pulled up at the vet and went inside. Steve breathed a sigh of relief when he saw Jan and Clint sitting together in the front, unharmed. The two of them ran over and started fussing, making sure Tony and Steve were ok. Jan frowned at how Tony was favoring his left side where he had hit the wall, but he assured her nothing was broken. Steve was ok except for bruises, which felt unfair after what had happened to his brother.
The next day Steve knocked on the door of Tony’s lab. He could hear the music shut off, and the door opened. “You need something Cappuccino? I'm pretty busy here.” Steve shuffled his feet awkwardly, and shoved a box wrapped in newspapers into Tony's hands. “I got you a gift.”
Steve ignored him. If he stopped to question Tony every time he did something weird, neither of them would ever get anything done. “Now we need to mix buttermilk, lemons, and the eggs.”
He was already shouldering his way past Steve, who was still too stunned to stop him. Tony looked around the place, noting the desk with the ancient computer, and the easel propped up by the only window. There was no separator between the kitchen and living room, and Steve don't appear to own a refrigerator. Whatever, he wasn’t here to judge the guy’s living situation.
He quickly pulled the other two out of the pond and they ran to the house. Steve slammed the door shut and yelled for Jan. There was no response, meaning she must be somewhere out back. Clint was outside in a flash, racing to find her so they could barricade the doors. Tony held up his phone, the question on his face clear. New wolves didn’t mean hostile wolves, but after the last time strangers had come to the ranch… Steve nodded and Tony dialed Stane. It was time to use the protection clause of the contract. Clint and Jan bolted back into the house, and Steve locked the backdoor behind them. After a moment's pause, he pushed the kitchen table in front of it for good measure. Clint held his pocket knife loosely in his hand, and Jan went to the kitchen and returned with their biggest knife and a frying pan, which she handed to Steve. They were much better fighters as wolves, and would shift in a second if someone actually got in. It still felt nice to hold something heavy in the meantime. They were all breathing heavily. Steve swore to himself that he would die before he let anyone hurt one of the few remaining members of his pack. He pulled back the curtain and looked out front, his whole body tense. As the sun set it made it harder to see what was going on outside. A single wolf stalked forward towards the front door, bold as you please, aggression present in every line of his familiar frame. Steve stared in disbelief, and pulled Clint over to see too. When he just gaped back open mouthed, Jan pushed her way to the front, only to let out a small gasp. Steve turned around and took Tony’s phone, ending the call before it was picked up.
Steve laughed and pulled Tony close, like he was telling him a big secret in a crowded room and whatever he had to say was meant only for the two of them. His breath brushed lightly against his ear and Tony shivered.
Bucky stood up and pulled on the clothes Steve handed to him. “So what all did I miss? How have you guys been doing?”
Tomorrow I’m going to wake up in an army cot, and sneak down to the hunger alone. I’ll wield rockets on the legs of a mech suit, and fly to a small German museum along the border. By time I get there, the invasion will have begun and you’re plane will have been shot down. I’ll fight my way down through three levels of Chitauri, and find the queen. I’ve done it before, I know how to do it again. I’ll use the grenades to kill her and end the loop and the war with it." Tony looked away.
There's nothing in it for us, and as alpha, it's my job to do what's best for my pack.” He leaned back in his chair, looking smug. He took another puff of his cigar.
“That’s not what it is!” For this first time in his life, Steve was glad that his face got all red when he was upset, because it covered the blush that would have given him away. Running out at night for a dunk in the duck pond actually was most of their hazing ritual. It was fun, alright? And it was a tradition, everyone in the pack had done it. Tony would laugh at him when he found out. Or he might never find out, at the rate things were going. Was it possible to have the alpha’s mate not be a part of the pack so much as…. vaguely tangential? Possibly living in a different building and only meeting for a half hour for coffee every other Wednesday? He’d never heard of anything like that before, it would go against tradition. And his Ma would probably be pretty disappointed, she would've wanted him to put the effort in. Course, she probably would have hated Tony, so who knows. She'd have wanted him to marry for love. But he gave up what she would have wanted, and his only shot at marital bliss, because that was what the pack needed. And the pack always came first. He’d deal with trying to build some sort of relationship with Tony later, after the cattle were taken care of, and the alfalfa baled and the sink fixed and the truck repainted and the window redone and the stove top replaced and the laundry washed.
In retrospect, Tony and the rest of the team didn’t interact much. He mostly stayed in his basement labs while everyone else was upstairs playing cards or watching movies. The only other Avenger he interacted with on a daily basis was Bruce, and from what Steve could tell, it was more scientific consulting than friends hanging out. Though Tony could be grating at times, he deserved better. So Steve resolved to himself that from now on, he would include Tony in the team.
Tony looked to his left at Steve, who gave him an anxious smile. Tony put his hand over Steve's on the table, and Steve felt himself relax. This wasn't a schoolyard crush, this was
There was a wail and a woman in the back of the crowd held on tightly to her son. The peacekeepers stepped forward and pulled them apart, and the little girl beside them burst into tears. They dragged the boy to the stage as he panicked and fought.
When it was time to go on, he sat perfectly straight in the chair with his feet flat on the floor, and made sure to follow the teleprompter exactly. Most of the contestants were quiet, answering most questions with a simple yes or no, their attention focused inward on the trials they would be facing tomorrow. At five minutes an interview, it took them almost two hours to reach the end. Tony was shocked when Steve stepped out onto the stage alone. Were they really going to allow this? What if he attacked someone, like he had done every other time Tony had seen him?
Tony kept his eyes downcast. He didn’t deserve Steve’s praise, while he was lying to his face and his weapons and planes had caused him and his dragon to come to harm.
Scenario four. Tony hates him. Whatever they ever had between them is broken beyond repair, and it’s all Steve’s fault. Steve would enter the room and Tony would look away, cross his arms across his chest. He would shake Natasha’s and Sam’s hands then slap Steve’s away. Would yell at him, going on a twenty minute tirade of every wrong he had ever committed, in alphabetical order, accompanied by a PowerPoint. He would take what torn bits Steve still had of himself and rip it all to shreds, and he wouldn’t do a thing about it. Because he had fucked up. He knew he had fucked up, from the moment Tony had turned to him after watching that horrible video, his eyes wide and his face heartrendingly vulnerable, asking
For a second something seemed to flash across Tony's face, before it was hidden behind a cocksure grin. “I'll take a dozen supermodels over you any day, birdbrain! You guys want to mope around while the party of the century happens the floor below, fine by me! DUM-E! Let's go, we've got chairs to move!” He strutted into the elevator with his robot following loyally, and with a whoosh they were gone again.
In previous chapters, Steve agrees to marry Tony in exchange for a dowry to save his family ranch. After a bumpy start, they start getting along and Tony officially joins the pack.
Tony nodded and sat beside him, flipping on the TV. Steve let his eyes unfocus and the sounds wash over him, enjoying a chance to sit with Tony. Nothing else he needed to be doing, nothing they still needed to talk about. Just….contentment. Tony safe and sound beside him, tucked away in their home, with the rest of the team laughing and messing around in the kitchen. Peter brought out a bowl of popcorn for them and they both thanked him. Steve watched him light up and bounce back to the others.
Tony woke up on a lushly carpeted floor. He pushed himself up to an elbow, his face sticking uncomfortably to a pillow where blood had dried. Steve must have not been able to move him and had settled for getting him a pillow and resting a sheet across his back. He rubbed at his mouth and the dried blood rasped across his skin like sandpaper.
Stane's dark eyes flashed, though his voice remained level. “I've been running this pack for years, building us up to heights that Howard never could have dreamed of in his heyday. And Tony….” Stane paused. “Tony….” Stane paused again.  “Are you married?” Steve blinked at the abrupt change in subject.
“Wheels up, let's rock and roll!” Tony yelled as he took the controls and started up the jet. Since he didn't get to fly on his own he claimed flying the jet. Tony had a long history of always driving himself, and if Happy, his actual chauffeur, hadn't convinced Tony to let him drive in all the years of working for him, nothing was stopping him today.
When he opened them again, he was in his bed at the barracks, his unit bustling around him getting ready for the upcoming battle. He ran through the day again, and again, and again, waking up at the barracks every time he died. He used each day to become faster and stronger, to hone his reflexes to razor sharpness. He took out hundreds of Chitauri, to no effect, because they reset every day.
And Steve looked him over, and noticed that his normally neat clothes were all wrinkled up, and his hair was fluffy instead of slicked back and no one had seen his since the previous day. Last time they had talked Tony he had been going to spend time with Britain for a reason he wouldn’t say. Steve’s mind finally put it all together.
Tony stared at him with wild eyes, his fist clenched tightly down at his sides. Steve patted the bed again. Tony sat on the edge and crossed his arms.
Steve pushed him aside and started smashing at the delicate engine with a shovel. Tony took his cue and started smashing at the insides of the plane with his hammer. The time for subtlety was over, now the only goal was to cause as much damage as possible to the planes and hope they didn’t realize the catapults were sabotaged as well.
“Steve! Are you ok? Hold tight, we’ll get you out.” Jan said. Hank grabbed the keys from the wall and unlocked the door to Steve’s cell. He moved to open Tony’s next and Steve stopped him.
Tony took a deep breath. Why were they so nervous? It was just a picture. He stepped forward and rested a hand on the glass, completely dry and untouched on his side.
Without waiting for an answer he dragged Clint behind the barn and pushed him against the wall. “What do you think you’re doing?”
“I need one last spot. Where would you go if you needed to impress someone really special and you only had one chance to avoid ruining everything?”
“Steven Grant Rogers you can't just say that and run away! Get back here!” She yelled in outrage, waving a spoon in the air. He ignored her threats.
The journey to the castle took a week on foot, with them hauling carts of food and weapons behind them and stuck at the pace of the slowest man. Tony could tell that Steve was impatient. Each day they spent traveling increased the chances of them being spotted and Loki being forewarned of their arrival. Tony was glad to take their time, dreading their arrival at the castle. Once there questions would start to arise, on how Tony knew how the planes and catapults worked, and how he knew his way around. If anyone there recognized him and called out his name, his ruse would be up, and Steve would know his true identity. He considered telling Steve now, but if he took it poorly and attacked him as he had promised to do, then the planes would go into the air at full force and bring down the dragons and the resistance along with them. Tony couldn’t risk it. Even if Steve left him be, imagining the look of betrayal on his face rendered Tony’s heart in two.
The phone picked up with a click and Steve held it to his ear. “Fury? It’s Rogers. Assemble the troops.”
“We didn’t want another repeat of the great chair fiasco.” Clint said dryly, his smile taking away any sting the words might have carried.
She stood up, and wobbled off. Steve hadn't bothered to try to flirt with anyone after that. Apparently Bucky just shat sunshine and rainbows, so Steve was just going to wait until his brother was off the market before he tried to ask someone out with his damp dish towel of a personality.
“Get this man out of here, he’s disrupting the wedding.” Stane said, gesturing for a pair of beefy men sitting in the back row to move forward and escort him out.
Right, eyes on the ball. Steve walked back to his original spot and Tony dragged his gaze up from Steve’s ass to focus on the paper ball. Now that he was thinking about it, Steve wasn’t a bad looking guy. If Tony had to write the color of his eyes out in code he’d use rgba(0,0,255,1), and that was a compliment. It was rare to find blues that vibrant and pure in real life.
“You’re not joking? Holy shit, Steve! Last time I saw you you’d never had a real boyfriend or girlfriend, and now you’re engaged?”
“I think it’s time for a plan B, Cap” he said, and stepped fully out of the stream of birds. He decked the man who had been holding the gun, knocking him out and sending the ball in his other hand flying. The rest of the birds disappeared. It rolled to a stop at the feet of the man with the bat. He grabbed it and ran, the birds appearing again and picking up his partner who was already waking up. The birds swirled around them thickly, until they were lost in all the smoke.
After a couple seconds of awkwardness Tony was ready to call it all off when Steve leaned in and mashed their lips together.
Tony seemed to recognize that, and slumped over. “It’s okay, Jan told me not to expect much. Told me not to come in here at all, actually. She said you started doing this since the whole thing. Of course, nobody will actually tell me what the whole thing is.”
“We have a seating chart now? What are we, kindergarteners?” Huffed Clint, making a show of settling more firmly into the chair. Tony bumped the chair with his hip and took a swig of coffee.
Tony grabbed his hand desperately. “You can’t do this, I’ll dig up the rest of the mines, I’ll arm them and we’ll blow our way out of here.”
Steve took a sip of his drink. “That was hurtful. I genuinely don't know why people don't like me, I’m trying to improve. That's why I was asking you.”
As they walked out the door, Steve's keen ears caught a few sentences as Stern yelled on the phone, "-said you didn't give them enough! I closed it, I had to! They-"
“Look man, I’ve seen the way he looks at you, and it’s adorably sappy. But compared to the way he looks at a broken stove? You have no chance. Now, take this hammer, and go fuck up our washing machine before someone lures him away with a faulty toaster.”
Looking at the man he had once considered a father, who had betrayed so completely, over and over, Tony didn’t have an answer.
Tony went back inside, and Steve turned to go to the barn only to be blocked by his two grinning pack mates.
Outside there was a loud roar as the rebels broke through the front door, knocking down the last of the peacekeepers and rushing through the building.
“More likely they didn’t want the US government to know that you were coming from their country after they signed the accords, and only trusted Wakandan stealth tec to make sure you weren’t tracked.”
“This isn’t a morality crusade. You ever think things fell apart between us because all we do is fight?”
Clint kicked the tire of the truck. “I dunno what happened. Just a half an hour ago I drove into town just fine to get the heater part, no problem. And now the truck won’t start at all.”
Steve muted the TV and walked around the couch to the kitchen, where Tony was dumping the spilled flour from a dustbin into the trash. He wrapped his arms around Tony's waist and rested his chin on his shoulder.
And that was how he ended up as a bestselling author with millions of fans who didn’t know the contents of his own books.
Indries waved and walked off, tottering as she tried to navigate the dirt road in her four inch stiletto ‘boots’. Tony stormed off in the other direction, and Steve rushed around to beat him back to the bar. The inside of the bar was cool compared to the heat of the outside, and it had a welcoming feeling. The pack was crowded together around a banged up wooden table near the back, laughing and talking together. Steve sat down and moments later Tony sunk into the chair between Steve and Jan with a tired sigh.There was no bag to be seen.
Tony nodded and abandoned his carrots. They walked back into the hall and stopped a few feet out of the kitchen, facing each other. Tony gave him a concerned look. “Is everything alright? Did you run into trouble getting here?”
“This is where they've been keeping me in between all the dog and pony shows. The machine to the left has ice if you want some.”
Option two: go to the nearest book store, buy a copy of his book, and read it. That was also a no. He hadn’t read a book that wasn’t an engineering textbook since he was in high school and he wasn’t going to start now.
He accepted the non sequitur smoothly. “Yeah. Nothing but bugs, birds, and the house. Sometimes the wind.”
Tony shrugged, neither confirming nor denying. Steve decided to lay out all of his cards on the table. He turned and cupped Tony’s face, locking their eyes together. “Look. You might not want it, but I still love you.”
“If it makes you feel better, they’re not all real people.” Tony added. “Some are bots. I don’t have the heart to block them, they’re doing their best at what they were programmed to do... Which is spamming my DMs with links to sketchy porn websites, unfortunately. Anyways, lunch? Or dunch? That’s a mix between dinner and lunch, because its 3 in the afternoon and I’m starving.”
“Of course I don’t want to be here. I’m going to die! Or murder other people! Probably both! What sort of psychopath would agree to that?”
Tony left the room, Vision, Rhodey, Carol, and the Spider kid hot on his heels. Steve needed to learn that kid’s name, since it looked like he was operating as a part time Avenger.
“It's all right, we have a new source of information. Avengers to me, we need to talk to Captain Britain.”
“Do you mind?” He snapped, not in the mood to deal with a drunk. The man whipped his head up, eyes wide.
“Since when are you a quitter?” Tony asked, already scooping. He got more powder in, after spilling most of it on the table. “There, perfect. Are you impressed? You should be impressed. I’m like a master of ingenuity here.”
He closed his eyes and played out another scenario. Their eyes would meet from across the hall. He would be too thin. He never ate enough without Steve nagging him. Tony’s eyes would widen, his hands would tremble, and he would take a step forward, without even realizing that he had done so. Steve would step forward too, and reach out a hand to shake, and Tony would ignore the hand to grab onto him in a desperate hug.
Tony felt a wave of grief wash over him and he put a comforting hand on Steve’s shoulder. “You shall dethrone Loki in his name.”
So now I’m here, drowning and burning in turn, until whoever has it out for us comes back to end it once and for all. I’m sorry I dragged you into this, but we needed the money and we needed the protection of your pack and we needed help on the farm. We needed help just in general. I need help.”
“No, Steve, listen, I’m-” He had to pause to catch his breath and every time he breathed in he pressed against Steve’s side and suddenly he got why Bucky was always blowing them off to go hang out at his girlfriend Natasha’s. Tony looked up at him, and he decided that he did want a real romantic relationship with him, or at least wanted to try. It was hard to remember his doubts when he had his pack around him, laughing, and Tony in front of him, loud and rackous and aggressively full of life. He was doing his roaring hearty laugh again, that had got Steve right from the start.
“Take this road until you get to Apollo street, then make a left. There’s a sign with a dog out front.”
Everything fell apart. I had to sell most of the cows, because we didn’t have enough people to take care of them and we needed to get money for the funeral somewhere. We did everyone all at once, 17 coffins all lined up. Closed of course, since some were empty and the ones that weren’t…. well. They filled the front of the church, then ran all the way down the sides. There was us, and a decent number of people from town. Hard to grow up in a small town like this and not make friends. We had enough casserole by the end of it to feed us for a good month, which was helpful since none of us can cook anything beyond canned pasta.
Instead of ducking, Cap swung his shield around behind him, striking the man who was about to hit him with a baseball bat. The man made a small roof and hit the ground hard, the crown he was wearing bouncing off his head. Immediately the flock of birds thinned to half its previous size. The man bounced back up and lunged for the crown, Cap tackling him before he could reach it. With his superior strength and training the other man didn’t stand a chance, and Tony watched with ride as Steve grabbing the man's arm and kneed him in the gut. As the man bent over in pain he grabbed the man’s other arm and forced it behind him.
Everyone returned to their rooms to grab their things, and met Tony outside where he lead them to the airstrip where a new quinjet sat. They boarded and the jet lifted off without anyone touching the controls. Steve tilted his head curiously and Tony explained.
Steve got up and got got dressed. His shirt was dirty. He hadn't had time to do laundry yesterday, he was going to put it in over night and he forgot. Again. Was this the fourth time he wore this shirt? He couldn't remember. He put it on anyway. Maybe If he was lucky it would annoy Tony. He went down stairs and poured himself a bowl of cereal.
He followed the scent of the badger, smelling as it waddled along, as it had a standoff with a snake, as it continued on down into its den. Disappointing, but to be expected. Clint and Jan bounded up, and quickly assessed the situation. Clint nosed at the entrance of the den with a whine, and started digging between tree roots. Tony caught up last, and eased to a stop beside him, panting loudly. Not too bad, Steve thought to himself. It was unlikely that Tony had ever run this far this fast before as a human, certainly never as a wolf, so he didn’t judge. He would be fun whipping him into shape, starting tonight. He gave his side a gentle nip, and took off, running between the trees then turning to see if he was going to play along. Instead Tony collapsed to the ground, sticking his legs in the air, metaphorically telling him that he was down for the count. And that wouldn’t do at all. He ran back and gave him another playful nip, dodging his paw as he swiped at him. He danced back and forth around him until the brown wolf suddenly rolled to his feet and got a mouthful of white fur. Then Tony was the one darting off, weaving between the trees like his life depended on it. Steve let out a happy howl and the chase was on. He let Tony get ahead, not wanting to use his knowledge of the woods and superior stamina to end the game too quickly. But after a few minutes when he still hadn’t caught up, he became confused and put on the speed. He broke into a clearing and stopped. No Tony. He put his nose to the ground and retraced his steps. He caught the scent of cinnamon and metal and followed it as it made a sharp turn, then ended. He looked up, confused. He tried again and it still ended in the same spot. He let out a worried howl.
He sat back down on the bed, his head hanging low. He felt the bed dip as Tony sat down too. The tension in the room simmered down into dull resentment.
Tony rolled his eyes. “He calls being a internationally wanted fugitive ‘inconvenient’. What would tip the scales far enough for you to consider something to be awful?”
Tony returned to the mine and was chained back in to the rest. He chipped away at the rock, and made his plans. They all hinged on the man being able and willing to tell him the way. Tony had already organized with the rest of the prisoners to each hide away extra food to take with them along the way. They had worked in the dead of night to file down the heavy meal cuffs wrapped around their legs, enough that they would split easily with a single hit by their mining picks. They all knew the layout of the camp by the back of their hands, and a few who had been conscious for the journey up had explained the trails. All they were missing was the final location, and with the Captain’s arrival, everything might finally be falling into place. As soon as the next shipment of food arrived, they could finally be free of this terrible place and start their long journey through the mountains to freedom.
The monster queen let out a screech and the leviathans abandoned their prey to come flying back. Before they could get close, Steve pulled out a belt of granades. He pulled the pins and ran. The force of the explosion knocked him out and Steve prepared to start the day again.
The sun beat down as Steve walked back to the pick up in a state of shock. Clint was sitting in the back of the truck, picking at the paint. Jan was in the driver's seat, hand on the ignition like she thought he was going to come barreling outside with a pack of wolves behind him, and the difference between a clean get away and being ripped to shreds rested entirely on how quickly she could get their rusty old pickup to turn over. He didn’t know why she bothered, the thing hadn’t started up without ten minutes and a whole lot of cursing in years. He got in the shotgun side, the truck rocking back and forth with a gentle squeak. Bucky used to make fun of how small he was, not tall enough to get into the truck without a boost. Then one summer he shot up, and without blinking, Bucky switched right over to making jokes about him rocking the whole truck and banging his head in the roof. He stared at his hands, as he felt the others eyes on him. Jan looked out the window, then back at him as Clint awkwardly shifted in the back. “So… how'd it go?”
“I do.” Tony tilted his head up and pressed their lips together. Steve cupped the side of Tony’s face and deepened the kiss, Tony responding eagerly.
Welp. That was enough for the day, time to go crawl into a ditch and die. He turned around and Jan grabbed his arm and pulled him back. “Go talk to him!” She hissed.
“Oh, that for me?” He asked with a grin. “Special occasion eggs, huh? You didn’t need to break out the big guns for me, but I guess a guy doesn’t come back from the dead every day.”
Pepper was not happy with him when he called, and he lied about why he needed the name and number. Pepper wouldn’t understand and he didn’t have time for a lecture. He scribbled it down on a napkin, thanked her, and dialed the new number.
How much of their relationship had been a lie? Had it started as something innocent before rotting away into the twisted thing between them now? Had there been a point where Tony mattered as much to Obie as Obie did to him?
“Not even close! We needed at least an hour to get you ready!” A woman wailed, while trying to put mascara on him. Behind him a stylist gelled his hair slicked back as he tried to dodge out of the way.
“You really going to post that?” Steve asked. “I was joking about a picture looking stupid on a metal horse.”
“....I wouldn’t be opposed. No one said I had to go back tomorrow. If anything, it’d be easier if I stayed. Less paperwork, you know?” Tony hedged, looking at Steve out of the corner of his eye, body tense as he picked up a wrench and fiddled with it.
Behind him, Bruce jumped off the cornucopia and stepped forward to draw an arrow. He picked one and pulled it slowly, revealing more and more wood as he pulled it inch by inch, until it ended in a sparkling silver tip.
As awkward as it was, it seemed to work all the same, as above them there was a beep and they looked up to see a parachute slowly descending. Steve scrambled to his feet and grabbed it, impatiently twisting off the top. Inside was a thick green cream. Tony read the note off the top. “It’s for Thor. Our fans send their regards and hope we bone soon.”
It looked like they would be easy enough to rearm, he simply had to reconnect the wire to the touch plate by twisting them together, then any sufficient amount of force would set it off. Tony didn’t tell Raza that, or course. He pointed to random parts of the device and used random complicated sounding words to explain how much trouble it was going to be. “Might not be able to do it at all,” Tony finished with a shrug.
“Nothing, because I want you to enjoy the pizza rather than spending your whole night crying in regret.”
“Wow. So if we make it through this, can we talking about sports next? Or that’s probably a level three question, we’d have to make it through favorite animal first.”
Steve blinked at his brother, off balance. Bucky had always been a bit of a flirt. He liked to hang out at the soda machines, then later at the bar, and he'd chat up anyone who walked by. Most of Steve's crushes had been much more interested in his cooler older brother than him, and Steve didn't blame them. He used to be real small, and he'd been harder to get along with. Tony had never known Bucky, never had any frame of comparison for Steve. Now Tony had a more interesting, more charming version of Steve to compare him to. Well, shit.
“Thank you, Mr. Stark. I’ll be sure to tell them. I do hope they won’t be too devastated with you gone.”
Tony enjoyed taking pictures, and he liked all the comments he got. People would say “#Goals” and “Hot as hell” and other, more lewd things, and while he knew he was hot stuff, he liked getting the external validation. The mean comments were just as fun, Tony loved to verbally eviscerate people over the internet, and he got a reputation as a comeback king. His small group of 30 followers quickly grew to a couple hundred, then a couple hundred thousand. People started to recognize him, and his female fans were often happy to invite him back to their place for a night of fun. This instagram thing kept getting better and better. After he hit his first million his publicist finally stopped nagging him to stop, and flipped the opposite way, telling him to do more.
Steve frowned, seeing his friend’s logic. “Still though… Bruce's birthday is coming up, and I want to get him something, and for you and Nat when it's your birthday. Celebrating birthdays is an important part of team bonding, and we can't do everyone else and skip Tony, as annoying as he may be right now.”
Tony had nothing to give. He shook his head and closed his eyes. He ripped away the final tatters of their bond, not wanting to feel any of the pain of betrayal racing through Steve.
“That’s the spirit. Just repeat after me, functioning heater, functioning heater, functioning heater.”
He could still remember the sounds it had made, and it troubled him much more than hearing the other kids swear on the playground.
They went back to the house, where Jan had finished making the sandwiches. They sat down at the table and ate, Clint talking animatedly, and Jan kicking him under the table. Steve got involved in the debate too, since crickets really were the best fishing bait, and if they weren’t, than why had he caught more fish than Clint last time? They all turned to Tony to ask him to be the judge. When he admitted he had never been fishing, Clint let out a screech and clasped a hand to his heart.
Steve pulled him down and pressed their lips together as snow fell from the sky in a scene straight out of a story book. Tony had a feeling that it was going to be a very Merry Christmas for the both of them.
The peacekeeper assigned to Tony watched from the corner of the stage, but he didn’t interfere. Steve wobbled his way across the stage and half fell into the chair. Christine greeted him with a wide smile, like their last meeting had never happened.
The peacekeeper escorted him to a viewing room outside where the contestants had been training earlier. There was a thick layer of glass between the training room with all the weapons and the conference room filled with papers and stale donuts. There were ten other people there, all experts in different forms of combat, here to add a trained perspective and help rate the contestants as accurately as possible. Tony was glad for their help, he had no idea what he was supposed to be looking for. He wanted to do a good job since he kept fucking up on everything else so far.
Steve grabbed Tony’s hand and led him upstairs to his room. “C’mon, we’re going to practice.” He pushed Tony to the center of the room and sat down on his bed. “Close your eyes, and try to find your wolf.”
Tony sat down beside them and rested a careful hand on Liberty’s side. “I have been a lord before, and never much liked it. Steve, I cannot help. We are miles from the mining carts and we smashed all of the batteries for the planes. There’s nothing I can do.”
Tony hesitated. Could one kiss really hurt? He didn't want to hurt Steve by befriending him then lying and leaving, but now he was hurting him by staying away. He wished for the hundredth time that he was exactly who he said he was, some nobody from the castle, who was free to love Steve like he deserved. Because it would be so easy to love him, Tony felt like he was standing at the edge of a cliff, the edges crumbling, every second drawing him closer to falling for him once and for all. He stopped walking and lead Steve off the path. He cupped one hand around the side of Steve’s face and leaned in to give him a soft kiss, and simple press of lips. The bond between them flared brighter, and Tony jerked away. For a second the feelings morphed into a quick litany of words, "Tony! I can feel you, I-" before fading back into a rough sense of emotion as Tony pulled back, locking up as much of himself as he could.
Stane tapped at the handle of the knife, still lodged in Tony’s chest.”... to end. Speak up Tony, let’s hear what you have to say.”
The fake crowd clapped and he sat back in his chair, satisfied that he had done a good enough job even if he hadn't read any of the lines scrolling across the teleprompter at the back of the room. It was a live broadcast, they had no way of stopping him and what he was saying was much better than the stuffy lines they had written for him anyway.
“Do they really need to set us up though? We’re engaged, it’s a done deal. Though, you are a tiny bit hopeless.” He said, holding up his fingers a little apart to demonstrate his hopelessness in terms of physical inches. It was three inches of hopelessness, by Steve’s estimation. He crossed his arms. Did that mean he didn't like him anymore? Was he right earlier and Tony wanted to string him along to embarrass him? Was this flirting? Should he flirt back? What should he say? Would he get mad if he said the wrong thing? Probably. No, definitely. Tony had a shorter temper than him, and he didn’t want to piss him off again in case this really was… something. He didn’t know what to say. It should be interesting, he wanted to impress him. Wait, since when did he ever care about what other people thought? Fucking feelings, always being confusing. And now Steve had zoned out again, he needed to say something before it got weird.
She pouted at him. “Why are you so embarrassed? You’re gonna get married, you’re supposed to like him!”
“That's my girl.” He patted her side and started milking her. After he made it through a few cows, Clint came outside and started helping. In an hour more, they were done.
Now he was more confused than before. What had that symbol meant? It seemed harmless enough to him, something he might doodle on paper while on the phone. Not something that needed to be washed away with such urgency and brought the judges to their feet in shock and outrage.
Steve didn’t think much of Tony’s city friend. If they were all like that, no wonder he was happy to stay. And some of the things she said… did city wolves not shift anymore? Steve had always assumed that they drove out to the nearest open area to run free. He had never thought they would stop completely. Steve wasn’t even sure how that was possible. Being a wolf was as natural to him as being human, two equal parts making up the whole that was Steve. Voluntarily staying purely human seemed like voluntarily cutting off one of your hands. Sure, with a lot of trouble you could. The question was, why would you want to? He spent most of his time in human form because he had chores to do and they required opposable thumbs, but if he went longer than a week without shifting he felt a constant pull inside him, drawing him towards the woods. And during the full moon it was almost impossible to resist, his wolf side drawn to run wild and free under silvery light.
Steve's eyes widened as the door to the jet opened. The team piled on, Natasha clasping a hand to his shoulder as she passed. Sam settled in the driver's seat and Steve sat in the co pilot chair. Sam flipped the switches to start the take off sequence. Steve taped his fingers on the console, thinking.
Steve caught up with the rest of the Avengers as Thor pushed the two criminals on to the jet. They would make a stop at the police station on their way back to the tower, and the NYPD could deal with the details of expediting them to Great Britain for trial. Thor handed Brian the golden orb, and he tucked it away safely in his bag.
He turned and marched inside the house to change into work clothes, as Clint and Jan exchanged a look. Clint shook his head, and Jan decided not to push it.
Tony tried to calm his racing heart. This was actually a good thing. This meant that his friends weren’t dead yet, and for every second Obie talked, the rebels were getting closer. Obie hadn’t brought up the disabled systems so he didn’t know yet, some poor computer tech must be downstairs right now trying to puzzle out everything Tony did, being blocked by firewalls and a lack of security clearance at every turn. The best thing he could do right now was stall.
The crowd let out a collective gasp, and Tony whipped his head up. On the screen there was the chariot for District 12. A curly brown haired girl stood beside a short blond boy. The camera jerked away to focus on the precious set of contestants, but not before everyone got a good shot of the blond kid giving them all the middle finger. The crowd on the bleachers was booing and hissing, and from the corner of the shot Tony could see things being thrown down onto the path.
Tony opened his eyes and pushed himself upright. “You’re not making anything while you’re injured. I’ll make food.”
Then I came here and you shifted into a wolf like it was nothing, and cornered me in the basement. I thought you were going to eat me, and I wasn’t going out without a fight, so I gave in and let the shift happen. It hurt, and it was weird, but I could still think, I was still me. And I realized you were still you, and it wasn’t a fight to the death anymore, and it was pretty fun being a wolf.
“Jarvis? Is this some new future holiday? Like a…. chair day?” he asked with trepidation. Steve didn't know what was going on but it looked more like trouble than fun. Not that that he didn’t appreciate chairs, he just didn’t always understand why some things needed a holiday. Why was there a day celebrating shopping? Why was there a day celebrating a mathematical constant for finding a circle? Why was there a day devoted to talking like a pirate? Steve didn’t get it.
In the previous chapters, Steve agrees to marry Tony in return for a dowry to pay off the debt on his ranch. They don't get along at first, but after a fight they work out all their tensions and tentatively decide to be friends. Tony agrees to stay, at least until the ranch is fixed up.
“It's just a saying big guy,” he explained, “to make an omelet you first gotta break a few eggs.” He punctuated his words with repulsor blasts into the teeming fog of ravens, turning them to smoke. He flew back near the jet, hit the birds with his repulsors a few more times then picked up Hawkeye and flew him to a better vantage point to shoot. It was good to have his suit back at full functionality, and he was ready for any tricks these birds might get up to.
Steve sighed into Tony’s shirt. There had been a weird relief in giving up. If he got out of bed, he would have to face his problems. The bank, angry cousins, their unknown enemy. Did he want to get up? No. Was he going to? Yes. He had a duty to the pack. Duty always came first. And now he had Tony, promising to stand beside him every step of the way.
Home, huh? It was nice to see he wasn’t the only one to see it that way. He shrugged the best he could with the bandages holding his chest immobile.
Steve blushed. Ok, yeah, maybe he had been staring. Tony had a good nose, even for a wolf. Or maybe he should quit putting off laundry.
“Oh Tony, I don’t need a class to see what’s right in front of everyone’s noses. Your choice? Really? You stayed inside all day everyday, no time for your friends, not like you had any anyway besides me. Everyone else only stuck around because you paid them. Then your folks kicked the bucket and suddenly you’re out every night. We had such nice times together, remember those? Now you’re hanging out with that pale lump of lard and you’ve stopped calling me, stopped calling Obie. You finally show up here, days later, and you’re all beat up. We’re all concerned Tony, we just want what’s best for you.”
Tony nodded and fiddled with the IV bag and Steve felt the pain dull. The drugs Helen made really were something. They reduced pain even for his insane metabolism, with minimal side effects besides some drowsiness. They also took three days to synthesize and had a half life of a week, so the fact that there was a bag ready at the compound meant Tony had been prepared to help Steve before any of the negotiations.
Tony frowned at him. “Alright, fine. I’ll come back later.” He looked down. “Wait, is that my coat?”
He looked over at his friend with Bambi eyes as he settled into his chair. Steve let out an exaggerated sigh, and handed Tony a plate full of eggs with a smile. He gave his arm a playful punch and said, “Ya know, I think it was your turn to cook.”
Tony stood up. “I cannot. Steve would strike me dead if he knew. I appreciate the trust you offer me, but I would be a scoundrel to accept it. I must go rest. Good day.”
“No Steve, no more lies. I’m Lord Anthony Stark, and I forged the swords and I made the planes and I lied to you.”
The list of the fallen ended, and Tony tried to remember how many people were left. Four? Maybe 5? How much of the list had he missed before he woke up? What if he had missed someone from his team? What if Steve was dead?
Steve blushed, embarrassed. Curse his Irish skin. “I couldn’t find you, and I thought, well, actually it’s pretty obvious you wouldn’t fit when looking at you now, but I mean, at the time, and you're kinda small? And when ever I was looking for something and told my Ma I couldn’t find it, the first thing she’d ask was if I’d checked under the bed. So, I, uh, I did that.”
As per usual, Iron Man was the first to arrive on the scene, the others still back at the Tower racing to suit up and board the quinjet.
“Part of the history of my family too. Here is a check I received from Mr. Stane, written out to me. It should cover the full accounts on both the house and truck.”
“Look, everything is fine, Tony and I had a little fight, no big deal. You don’t need to worry.” he tried to reassure them. Jan handed him a washcloth filled with ice, and he held it up to a scratch on his arm to appease her. He was totally fine. He just needed to convince his over anxious packmates of that, who were clucking around him just like the hens outside.
“We’ve been fighting since the second we met. Half of our relationship has been built on fighting. It’s what we do, and now you’re trying to take the moral high ground?”
Tony zipped up his bag and stood. “Well in that case, I guess I’ll say that I’ll miss you and you cows, Mr. Rogers.”
He left himself fall back down to the ground, the peppery scent of the leaves filling his nose, the cool ground leeching the heat from his bruises. Steve sat down beside him and cupped Tony’s head in both hands, tilting his face up so he could see his eyes. Steve sighed and wiped his thumbs under Tony’s eyes to clear away the tears. He hadn’t realized that he was crying. Steve moved so that Tony’s head was resting in his lap, and his back was against a tree. He stroked a hand through Tony’s hair and the soothing repetitive strokes had Tony’s eyes drooping.
With his hand on her side he could hear Liberty’s voice. “Thank you for coming anyway, dear Anthony. Your presence is a comfort to me.”
A new chapter! And another one coming very soon, probably tomorrow morning? Thanks for reading. Also, it's almost the weekend! I'm excited.
Steve pulled a plate of steak over and ate like he was starving. They spent the rest of the meal pushing plates back and forth, insisting that the other needed to try the new dish. Tony was full to bursting when they were done, and he leaned back happily in his chair. No wonder his book had sold well if it recommended food like this. He saw Steve eyeing the leftovers and offered to let him take them.
He closed his eyes, and thought of the last time he plowed his way into the ground, in his very first suit, then again in the second, and the fifth, and had it really been that many times? He should give up and install a parachute at this point, except right now it was a little too late, the ground was approaching fast and it wasn’t going to wait for him to go back to his lab and tinker. Tony braced himself; this was going to hurt.
Tony swallowed and tried to think of an answer that wouldn’t raise Steve's suspicion further. Back when he had worked as the chief blacksmith and engineer, Hammer had served as a black smith as well, doing the basics such as horseshoes and wagon axles while Tony did the delicate work necessary for an unbreakable blade or the tiny motors for the planes. Hammer had always thought higher of his work than it truly deserved in Tony’s opinion, and he had never risen any higher in status under Thor. Once Loki took over and Tony was imprisoned, Loki would have needed a new head smith and Hammer likely jumped at the opportunity.
“Tony?” He asked, quickly noting that the room was empty but still calling out just in case Tony decided to pop up from a pile of metal scraps. One of the robots beeped at him, and the lab remained quiet and empty. He gave DUM-E a pat and turned around and moved on to the next spot on the list, the roof. As the elevator rose to the top of the tower Steve began to worry. It wasn't a good sign for Tony to not be in his room or lab. Though they had spent many hours on top of the building happily staring stargazing, Tony only went up to the roof during the day time to mope.
The guards forced them to the prison and put them in cells across from each other. It was cold, and so dark that they could barely see.
Stern pawed through his papers furiously. “Actually, you still don’t have enough, there’s transfer charges, and a banker fee, and the interest-”
Steve came back out and put half a teaspoon of soda in the bowl, and added the salt. He took a whisk and mixed it all together. Tony picked up the box and looked up at him in surprise.
“Tony’s terrible about picking up his phone." Sam said, unconcerned. "Have you tried asking Jarvis?”
“Your baking skills make me want to cry. Go get the rest of the ingredients from the pantry, the salt, soda and poppy seeds, I don’t trust you to measure anymore.”
Clint shook his head. “We can’t, we’re out of food and none of the squirrels or plants will have survived that blizzard. The games will end with whoever starves the slowest winning, and that’s not how I want to go out. I say we draw straws, and the longest straw gets to go home. As for the rest of us…” Clint took a deep breath. “I have my bow. I could make it quick, painless. Or we could go into the snow. I heard hypothermia isn’t a bad way to go… you get warm again at the end, and it feels like going to sleep.”
All of Stane’s guards shifted to wolves, and the men who identified themselves as being of the Shield pack shifted and started fighting them.
Chatty skinny fellow? Who had permission to fiddle with the catapults? Tony decided to take a risk. “Lord Hammer sent us. If you have a problem, take it up with him.”
, who had stuck with him through Hell and back, who had already seen him at his very lowest and still decided to stick around. He didn't need to worry.
Tony rubbed his face. “Great. I’m glad a few slices of pizza were worth getting blown up over.” He threw out his arms in exasperation. “What were you thinking? You weren’t cleared to fight and I had to spend the last two hours on the phone trying to get the department of defense to agree not to arrest you! I told you to stay home!”
Tony was shivering violently at this point, from cold or from shock he didn’t know. Yinsen helped him closer to the fire.
Sam waited for more. Normally Tony was the chattiest person on the team, and Sam had never seen him fix anything without talking to himself through every step. Right now he seemed uncharacteristically quiet. Sam decided to continue. “It seems like you two really hit it off.”
“This is baking, not cooking, and certainly not design. You need a recipe if you don’t want them to turn out awful. I’ll look one up. What kind of muffins does she like? Maybe blueberry? Lemon?” He pulled out his phone and stated to search. Tony crossed his arms and leaned against the counter to look over Steve’s shoulder.
Scenario five. Before he gets to the meeting room, he gets a call on the burner phone. Tony tells him not to come at all. The deal has been called off, they’re stuck in Wakanda forever. He would have had to fight to get the Government to hear them out. He wouldn’t have to sabotage anything to get the decision reversed, just not fight as hard as he could have, and the whole thing might end before it starts. Steve never sees him again, things never get resolved.
Clint slumped down in his chair dejectedly, muttering about chair guns. Tony continued, ignoring him. “So I needed somewhere to put the party. I technically own this whole building, but the floor below us has offices for Stark Industries, so I gave everyone the rest of the week off, and moved all the furniture up here so there would be space.” There was an outraged beep and DUM-E nudged his arm. Tony gave him a pat. “Sorry, we moved the furniture.”
Tony tapped his foot nervously, and spoke up. “What if there were a way to disable all of the planes and catapults?”
Steve thunked his head on the table. “Where are we going to get $700? If we could pony up that kind of money, we wouldn't be so far in debt.” he complained. Tony leaned forward and grabbed his hand.
Tony scooted up the bed to lean against the headboard next to him. He offered him the plate and fork and Steve took a couple bites. “Is it really so much to ask to have a normal conversation?” he asked with a sigh.
Clint spun around idly in the chair. “What are you going to do? It's technically his house, and it is his birthday.”
The heroes all raced around their respective floors, calling out 'clear' as they searched each room. Steve began to worry that the house was empty and Maxwell and Kane had gotten away again, when he opened the final door in the hallway to reveal the two villains. Maxwell had his trusty bat in his hand and a raven on his shoulder. Kane had the orb.
In the kitchen, he started the coffee percolating first. Next he whipped eggs together with milk and poured it into a frying pan heating on the stove. They had cheese, jalapeños, and ground bacon in the house, more food than Steve could ever remember. In the weeks since they had paid off the bank, they suddenly had a large chunk of cash free that used to go towards paying off interest, or paying repair bills. Tony had also gotten a job doing something he called “Virtual consulting”, and Steve had no clue what that meant beyond Tony typing away at his computer for a few hours every day and getting a check involving multiple zeros at the end of every two weeks. So now they had as much food as they could eat, and he made his fancy special occasion eggs every day, just because he could.
All of the other-worldliness, the moonlight was gone, and it was just normal Tony, all too mortal, warm and solid, panting roughly in the dark, and somehow that felt like the most magical thing of all. He could feel Tony’s heart beating sparrow fast against where he was holding him down, could feel his breath hot against his face. He felt impossibly present, like in this moment nothing else existed except him, and Tony, and whatever surge of electricity was arcing between them. Blue eyes met brown, white fur brushed into sable. Tony seemed to be waiting but Steve had no idea what for. The moment stretched impossibly long, and finally snapped, and Tony was off again, lost to the shadows in the trees, his yipping laugh echoing through the night.
While Steve explained the situation Tony went back out into the hall to try to find the control center, Clint and Thor coming with him in case there were more guards. Clint had taken the peacekeepers gun and Thor his baton, so when they rounded a corner and found another peacekeeper Thor quickly bashed him over the head and he dropped to the ground, unconscious. He had been guarding a large door, and this time when Tony pushed it open it was the control room. Fuse boxes for the building lined the walls, and people sat in front of screens and screens of security cameras. Clint stepped forward and waved his gun threateningly. “Everyone put your hands up and stand against the back wall!”
Things went blurry again for a while. Were they in a new room? Tony was still there and that was the important part. Tony had been gone for a while, and he had been so sad.
The rest of the team came into the room, clustering around the bed, asking how he was. He assured them all he was fine. Natasha glanced down at where he was still holding Tony’s hand and gave him a small smile. He smiled back, and gave Tony a kiss.
Too bad he would rather die than beg Steve to take him back, and knowing that put a damper on scenario number two.
“I found it in the dumpster!” Clint announced loudly, and the dog barked in agreement. Tony put an arm around Steve and hustled him out of the lobby.
No cloudy thoughts on sunny days. Though technically the sun was set. He pushed himself up anyway. Tony was thrilled.
“You got your kiss, now leave me be.” He talked towards the road to rejoin the wagons, Steve's disappointment blurring into his own.
“Money… money might be doable. Wolves though… wolves do what they want. I can't force them to join your pack, when they'd rather be here. Your pack does have a reputation as being… well, old fashioned. Out of touch with the times. Plus...how shall I say this delicately? Frugal? Yes, let’s go with that. Wolves just aren't interested.” he said with a shrug.
“We’ve been together since last night so I know its been at least that long, and you were far from water when I found you. You need to drink.”
“It’s not the coat. I had a nightmare and wanted to make sure that you were still here and still ok.”
The weather stayed cold, and the occasional snowflakes drifted down, covering the ground in a thin layer of white. The snow muffled sound, and the forest was silent except for their breathing. They didn’t cross paths with anyone, and didn’t see any footprints. There were so few people left, and the arena was a huge place. They reached the cornucopia around midday, and in the center of the arena there was no wind or snow, like the eye at the center of a storm. The wind picked up again as soon as they stepped out of the clearing and into the trees, and they both shivered in their thin coats. The stream was near the cornucopia on the east side and they had no trouble finding it. Steve knelt down to drink, and Tony fell to his knees beside him. He leaned forward and froze, the sound of the water filling his ears like tidal wave. His breath seemed to catch in his throat, and the taste of mud filled his mouth. He scrambled backwards on his hands and knees, stumbling to his feet and turning his back to the water. He pressed his head to a tree and closed his eyes. He was fine, Raza wasn’t here. If he tried to get a drink no one was going to force him under. Behind him he heard Steve get up and he felt a cautious hand on his shoulder. “Tony?”
This wasn’t the time or place to push it. The shop owner cleared his throat, and gestured at the case. “There are other rings here, if you’d like.”
Steve brought the bandages over as Bruce slowly eased his boot off. It didn’t look as bad as Tony had feared, most swollen and bruised an ugly purple. They way it felt, he would have guessed a bone would be sticking out.
Tony contemplated running, but with his bad ankle he had no chance, Raza would catch up in seconds. He was forced to keep his head down and do as Raza asked.
Steve slumped back into his chair with a defeated sigh, and hid his head in his arms. “Fuckkkkkkkkkkk. I shouldn't have done that. There is no new plan. We're screwed.”
They went downstairs, Steve staying in his apartment until Tony came to his senses and got it resolved. Joke was on him, Tony hadn’t been sensible a day in his life. Tony went downstairs and walked up to Clint and put his hands on his hips. “Hey dude, you want a free fridge?”
“No! Nooooo!” Tony wailed. “Oh it can’t be!” He put a hand to his head and swooned back, Steve rushing forward to catch him, happy to play along with Tony's elaborate little game. He fretted over him, and helped him to a chair with exaggerated care.
Tony turned his head to see Steve sitting on a large bed, holding ice to his head. He wasn’t looking at Tony, instead watching the large TV that took up most of the back wall. Tony got up and sat on the corner of the bed, the blanket wrapped around his shoulders. On the TV contestant's scores from the skill tests were flashing. Steve received last place.
Steve rolled out of the bed and walked to the door. The door knob came off in his hand, broken from when he had forced it earlier. Another thing he had broken. He walked out and pushed the door shut, and it stayed mostly shut. He walked back down the hallways to get back to his room, where Sam was standing.
“We’re going to be that tacky couple with perfectly matching rings, aren’t we,” Tony said with an exaggerated sigh, as he slid the ring onto his husband’s hand. Steve put his ring on Tony, and with that, they were married, for real this time. Steve tugged him forward into a kiss, and Clint threw a handful of rice at them and let out a wolf whistle.
The next morning Steve’s alarm went off at 5 as usual. He shut it off. Ten minutes later his second alarm sounded. He picked up his watch and shut that one off too. He didn’t get up. He laid on his bed, and watched the shadows shorten as the sun worked its way across the sky. It was cloudy outside. He could have whatever thoughts he felt like. If he wanted to spend the day being sad about Bucky and Ma and his pack and the ranch, no one was going to stop him. He couldn’t believe how little he had been thinking about Bucky and Ma. He was forgetting them, he was a terrible person. And now he was letting their memories down again and again and again. Steve tossed fitfully in the bed.
Steve shrugged. “Many do, for far less reason than her. On the eve of the Battle of the Keep I arrived newly strengthened and with her at my side, with nothing more than my word that I knew how we could win. People placed their faith in me for the first time that day, and since then I have done my best to honor that.”
Steve kicked him. “I found it. And the comments say it’s good. Though none of them followed the recipe? Listen to this, Sonja says she also added spelt to the muffins, what the hell is spelt? And whatever kamut is, and soft and red wheat instead of flour, she added fresh ground flax seed, almond extract, and extra lemon rind and one tablespoon more butter. That's like a whole new recipe at that point.
They dissolved into fighting. Tony grabbed Rhodey’s shoulder. “Supposed all that is true, why would the dragon have to be here?”
Steve glared at her, and Tony gaped at them. Was the dragon...talking? Vanko must have hit him harder than he thought. Steve leaned him against her side, and went to the mine to encourage the others to come out. Rhodey and Pepper looked at Tony, and after he waved they lead the others back out where they cautiously stared at the dragon. She flicked her tail at them playfully, and a few people jumped back with gasps. Steve sat down next to Tony and crossed his arms.
A few months ago, Steve had been an average foot soldier. He had been sent to the front to fight, alongside thousands of other soldiers, in the never ending struggle against the Chitauri. They had appeared from a portal approve New York a few months ago, and razed everything to the ground like a swarm of locust. Steve had joined the US army, and they had sent him to New York with a week of training and a cheap ill made gun. Despite that, Steve had managed to take down one of the big ones, what the generals and scientists were calling a leviathan.
“Cap! I could use that backup right about now!” There was only static, either his comms had been damaged or the birds were putting off some sort of interference.
“What? Are you serious? You were supposed to tell me I’m being ridiculous!” Steve yelled, panicked. His cousin shook his head, resigned.
There was a rustle behind him and he whipped around. Tony popped out of a bush and tackled him. They both rolled around in the dirt, yipping playfully. Tony broke away and was off again, this time he only made it a few yards before Steve was right on his tail. It looked like the smaller wolf still had a few tricks up his sleeve despite his inexperience. Though Tony couldn’t run as fast as him over long distances, he accelerated quicker and used that to his advantage, cutting corners and playing a game of stop and go. It helped to that Steve found himself constantly distracted. The way Tony ran, loose and free like he thought the woods would never end, leaving the slightest metallic tang of scent behind in a twirling ribbon of promise, the moon glinting off silky brown fur turning it silver, he was like a wil ‘o the whisp, a flicker of fur leading Steve to an unknown place deep within the woods. Steve felt his head spinning as he physically spun himself, trying to catch up. His fur smelled slightly of Tony from when he tackled him, further confusing his nose. He felt the breath in his chest like he was breathing for the first time, big heaving gulps, filled with the subtle spice of leaves and under it all the metallic scent of Tony. Steve broke through a bush and slammed into him, and with that the world slammed to a halt too.
He dropped his stick and fell to his knees on the river bed, the damp sand soaking into his pants. He cupped handfuls of water and drank quickly, the water sweet and cool against his ash covered tongue. He splashed water over his face, wiping away the soot and trying to wake himself up. He had barely slept at all in the last few days, being knocked unconscious non-withstanding, and it was wearing on him heavily. Maybe he could rest here for the night, and continue walking in the morning?
Both wolves head’s snapped up to see Tony, standing in the doorway of the barn, holding a rifle. He aimed it and pulled the trigger without hesitating, the shot ringing loud. A hole appeared between Stane's eyes, and blood sprayed from the back of his head. Stane tipped over slowly, his body hitting the ground with a final thud, dead.
“You’re the boy who was supposed to be Game Master, aren’t you? You were interviewing us for the tv.”
“Tony changed the codes every month for security reasons, and that was before he had a reason to purposely lock us out. We’ve only been back a few hours, he hasn’t issued us new ones yet.” Sam explained. “I’ll try just in case; Falcon 1969 Charlie Epsilon.”
Jan was sharpening her pocket knife on the porch when she heard a loud banging from inside. Curious, she went inside to investigate. She found Steve smashing at the washing machine with a hammer.
The people around him let out drunken cheers. The introduction was always broadcasted live at eight, and it was barely two now, so Tony had no clue why he had to be there so early.
“Don’t worry, I’m not going to hurt you. My name is Yinsen, I’m from district 10. I was planning to be a doctor when I grew up, and I can help you.”
Tony got a faint sense of annoyance in the back of his mind, as if someone had quietly scoffed to themselves. Steve frowned.
“And drew me the greatest piece of art since DaVinci, though I might be a little biased toward both the artist and subject.” He pointed to the wall behind him where the drawing was hung in a surprisingly tasteful frame. “Can’t forget the picture. You know how long it’s been since someone got me a gift without wanting something in return?”
Brian shrugged. “I'll probably stay a few more days to work out all the paperwork and purchase the final jewel from the collector. Then I'll go back to England. I don't think America has much need for a Captain Britain, especially when she has such a fine captain of her own,” he joked. “It's been a pleasure working with you.” He held out his hand.
The next day they reached the outskirts of the city surrounding the caste. The rebels made camp, and Steve and Tony prepared themselves to enter the city. They both donned simple but well made clothes that would allow them to blend in as traveling sawbones, with Tony’s medicine bag clearly displayed. People were always in need of medical help, and as they approached the gate they had no problem being welcomed into the city through the large outer gates. Once inside they worked their way through the winding streets up to the secondary gates of the castle. Night had fallen, which allowed them to get close without the guards who paced the top of the gates seeing them. They stood underneath the eaves until the guard's footsteps faded, then Steve boosted Tony up so he could grab the top of the wall and pull himself up. Once on top he reached down and pulled Steve up beside him. They walked along the wall until they reached the first catapult, and Tony knelt down to loosen the bolts. Steve kept careful watch for approaching guards. Tony was done in minutes and they moved on to the next one. There were four in total, and they were on the last one before the guard finished his rounds of the back wall and made his way around to the front. Steve gestured at Tony to hurry, and stepped in front, blocking him from view as best as he could.
Tony shook his head. “I should be fine. Last time I still had the suppressants in my system, and I had no idea what the hell I was doing. Now I know what it feels like at least, so it should go better.”
In previous chapters, Steve agrees to marry Tony to use his dowry to save his ranch. Things don't go to plan and they pawn their stuff to buy a computer. Tony must try to use the computer to earn the money, before the bank forecloses on them or the wedding happens while Tony's ring is still at the pawn shop. Despite all the stress, they have a nice day running around as wolves.
Steve looked at him like he was crazy. “I… ok. Lunch. We can go to Brooklyn Bridge Park and walk around and get hot dogs.”
Whispers ran rampant through the mines, discussing the new comer, and what he might mean for their escape.
Tony dragged Steve off the stage and into the backstage area, the peacekeeper right on his heels. He leaned Steve against the wall and reached into his pocket for his phone. He activated the program and a voice blasted from the overhead speakers.
His keen nose caught a wiff of badger and they were off, their feet padding across the forest floor like a whisper, as fast and as silent as the owl circling above. Steve quickly outpaced the others. A bad hunting strategy, but he didn’t care about successfully catching anything tonight, he just wanted to feel the wind in his face and the leaves under his feet, and to forget all of the stresses of the ranch and to be free.
The hot fan he had met in the coffee shop ended up being named Christine, and he left the shop with her number and an agreement to get drinks that week at a bar that he had written about in his book.
“I can’t- I don’t-” Bruce said weakly, his hands clenching. “There’s nothing I can do. I can’t help him.”
And Tony did what he always did when he didn't know what to say, which was to start rambling in hopes that something that came out of his mouth would fix things, while Clint snickered in the background.
I start a new internship next Monday so I am going to try to finish this story before then. I'm about halfway done with Chapter 8 which should be the last chapter.
Tony shook his head, his face heating. His own mind was warping Steve’s words far beyond their intended meaning. He couldn’t possibly be suggesting…
Tony was silent. His parents were dead, Rhodey and Obie believed he was a traitor. There was no one waiting for him. At least Steve and the Avengers were out there looking for him. He hadn’t realized how attached he had gotten to them until they were separated. Kind Bruce and capable Natasha and cheerful Thor and he was even missing Clint, as annoying as he was.
Brian's eyes widened at the new information. “May I see the pendant?” He asked, stepping forward. The man, named Raymond, stuttered out an affirmative and opened his safe. He asked them to stay outside, and disappeared within. Seconds later he emerged holding a enormous diamond at the end of a golden chain. Britain closed his eyes and waved his hand over the pendant. When he opened them again his face was full of shock. He turned towards Steve.
“It could be anywhere in the woods around here. It could be biding its time in the sky. You’ll never find it.” Pepper declared.
“No, no, no, oh god, it’s going to be ok, it’s ok,” Steve mumbled, running his hands over the dragon's side. The creature’s eyes slide shut. Steve turned to him, desperation etched in every line of his body. “Is there anything you can do?”
“I found a new source on Brooklyn.” Tony gestured at the man who was standing in line next to Clint at the restaurant. Steve grabbed his arm.
Steve’s alarm went off, but something felt wrong. It was too late, the sun was shining through his curtains, he should have been up over an hour ago, why had- then it clicked. He laughed and pressed the heels of his hands to his forehead.
The door to the complex was propped open, and Tony stepped inside. Inside it was dim and the air smelled moldy. He looked around for a concierge that didn't exist. The only other person in the hall was a man who looked like he had been dumpster diving, currently eating pizza with his dog.
Their morning break was called and Tony sat against the wall next to Steve. A basket of bread was passed down the line, each person taking one and digging in eagerly. Steve finished his in a few bites and looked sadly down at his hands. Tony ripped off a third of his and offered it. Steve shook his head. Tony firmly put it in his hands. “I insist. I can practically feel your hunger.”
“Not to interrupt the love fest, but where the hell are we?” Clint asked, leaning against the side of the tube. Tony regretfully pulled away from Steve, still keeping an arm wrapped around his waist to keep him close.
It was still night, though the sky was starting to lighten, and Tony felt tired down to his bones. He nodded in agreement and they both tried to settle more comfortably. The cave was cramped for two, and they barely fit lying down on their backs. They were pressed together from shoulder to knee, and the water lapped gently at Tony’s sleeve before he crossed his arms over his chest, where his shirt was still damp from running through the river. Tony closed his eyes and couldn’t relax. What if Steve was lying and decided to kill him in his sleep? What if there were more traps he hadn’t disarmed? What if another person stumbled upon them and killed them before they had a chance to react? Beside him Steve had managed to drift off, clearly more used to sleeping in difficult situations than Tony. In his sleep he scooted closer to Tony’s warmth, and Tony rolled on his side to face away from him to regain a few scant inches of personal space. His plan backfired because Steve only scooted closer again, and now they were spooning. It wasn’t uncomfortable enough to risk annoying Steve by waking him, and it was warmer, so Tony let himself relax.
Jan and Clint waved back in acknowledgment, and started back towards the house. Steve took the stairs down to the basement and stuck his head into the room where Tony was hard at work. He had parts scattered around his feet, and if there were in any order, it was only clear to him. He moved with complete confidence, totally in his element, slotting valves back into their rightful spots, and tightening the connections with a graceful turn of his wrist. The socket wrench in his hand made a steady noise like the beat of a heart, twisting up with the sturdy sound of metal on metal, before clicking down, one, two, three. The tool caught the light in a flash of silver at its zenith, reflecting back on Tony to momentarily outline his brown hair in lines of glowing silver, so that he looked like one with the machine he was fixing.
Steve sat up and Tony let out a sad little sound at the loss of warmth. “Oh god, I’m sorry. What’s the worst? Ankle?” He was already looking it over. “The bottom of your foot is a mess, where is your boot?”
Jarvis didn't have feelings in quite the same way as the humans he watched over, but he still felt unhappy as he broke the quiet camaraderie of the morning with bad news.
Tony kept his head down but his hands stopped moving, the wings reassembled. “That’s the problem Sam, nothing is wrong. I looked over every inch, your wings are good as new, not a scratch on them, let alone something explosive. Why did you call me out here?” He looked up at Sam, his dark eyes glinting suspiciously.
When he got off the plane Pepper was not happy. She shook her phone at him. “I have received six calls from your public relations team because you are not picking up your phone.”
The owner of the house raced out of the room and upstairs, and they could hear him complaining sadly at the state of his walls. The Avengers followed, Tony to commiserate on destroyed houses and Clint to defend himself that it was
“Hmmmmmm. I'd love to help, but really, I'm not sure I can offer what you need. I'm not even sure if you know what you need.”
Brian nodded and stood up. He grabbed a pen from the waitress and walked behind Steve to Tony. He took Tony's hand and wrote his phone number down in large black numbers.
They all turned to Tony, the only one of them who had been above ground. He shook his head. “It’s not here.”
He started to wrap the bandage and Tony grabbed onto Steve’s hand in a death grip. Steve shook him off and back away, his face red, uncomfortable with being touched now despite how close they had slept last night and his blase attitude about it this morning. Tony would have wondered about it more if it didn’t feel like someone was going at his ankle with a hammer. Could they just chop the whole foot off? It might hurt less at this point.
“Can you get him in for an xray?” Tony asked the doctor as he entered the room. He nodded. “Head and chest. Radiology is ready.”
“I’m not going to kill anyone either. You should join my alliance, we call ourselves the Avengers, and we’ve promised to protect each other to the end. Then we’ll all go home.”
The door where Tony had entered earlier swung open and a tall well muscled boy walked out. He was dressed in medieval armor and had long blonde hair. Just from looking at him Tony could tell he would do well in the games.
The owner pulled the watch out of the case and handed it back for a fair enough price. He leaned forward in the case again, squinting his eyes. “Which ring? I don’t see it.”
Steve sighed. “Sam, please tell me you haven't gotten into betting too. Clint and Natasha were bad enough.”
Sam frowned as Tony turned and walked back in. Inside the restaurant everyone had shifted seats so now Steve beside Brian in the seat Tony had originally taken, and Natasha was on Brian’s other side, leaving an open seat next to Steve and one next to Clint.
Outside canned clapping played and that was his cue. He ended up in the chair across from where he had sat to interview the tributes, four short days ago. Now he was in the tribute chair, and Hammer  stood at the edge of the stage in the empty room and riled up an audience who wouldn’t see him for another three hours and several rigorous rounds of editing.
Steve threw a spoon at his head and Tony dodged it. “Fine, fine, I’m going.” He walked over to the pantry and rustled around until he found what he was looking for. He set the poppy seeds, salt, and a can of Coke on the counter top. Steve laughed.
“I’m not trying to fix you! You’re right, it’s not my place. But the situation you’re in? It’s not fair, it’s not right. You don’t have to do it alone. Let me help. Team effort, alright? I’m not Clint or Jan, I’m not 15 or 17 or however many years old they are. Come on.” He looked so forlorn, standing in the middle of the floor, earnest and passionate and bright against the yellowing curtains and paint of the room. He really was trying to help. Steve just… couldn’t, right now.
Whenever Tony disobeyed Obie punished him by ignoring him and while it was annoying enough normally he really needed to talk now.
“You're contractually obliged not to.” Tony responded, half serious. “We still have a week, and I could probably delay it further if I tried. We could wait.” he offered. Steve shook his head and pulled him closer.
Steve nodded his thanks and ate it slowly, taking small bites to drag it out. Tony didn’t mind, he wasn’t that hungry. His chest had been hurting since last night, and it was no better this morning. He rubbed it and tried to breathe deeply to put less strain on it.
A small portly man sweated and shaked beside them, and he almost fainted with relief when Steve entered the small room. It was cramped inside with four people, since most of the space taken up by a ceiling to floor safe.
“Hurry!” Steve hissed, and Tony helped push, the scales smooth as glass against his palms. She rolled with a sad little noise and Tony crouched down to examine the wound in the dim light from the cart. The scales were torn away, leaving behind a huge gash that was leaking blood at an alarming rate. The dragon’s heart was visible, large and dark, pulsing weekly, slowing with every second.
Steve pulled out his phone and dialed the number by memory, before putting it to his ear and listening to it ring. Then he heard his own voice on the line.
Steve slammed the shield down over and over again, harder and harder, the clang of metal on metal echoing around the room, a constant pulse speeding up with his heart beat. The Captain spread out his arms, making not attempt to defend himself. Steve raised the shield above his head, and drove it down as hard as he could into the star in the center of his chest, and the room exploded with white light. Steve threw up an arm over his eyes, and bitter wind whipped around the room, pelting him with snow. He lowered his arm and looked down at the body beneath him. It was Tony, his eyes glazed over and blood dripping from his mouth.
“Look! Look at your friend! He has realized that there is no where to go. And now he will learn what happens to those who break the rules.”
“Hello and welcome to the 74th Hunger Games! I’m Christine Everheart, coming to you live! Who’s excited to get started?”
“First time seeing this side of things? You’ll get used to it. Happens a lot, all part of the games. You think that once you’re promoted to Game Master they’d let you have a peak at what’s really going on, but I had to find out the hard way too. Oh well, it doesn’t matter. You won’t be around for the next games anyway.”
He had spent so many years trying to protect and care for Tony, maybe it was time to finally let down his shields enough to let Tony take care of him in return.
Jan and Clint stumbled downstairs as he made up the first plates. They dug in happily, and he took his plate and Tony’s upstairs along with a couple forks and a large mug of coffee. As he walked down the hall, he ran into Bucky.
Steve giggled. “Wow, they really got you guys good up here. Sh’ funny. I’m living in a cage but at least I know it.”
Tony didn’t flinch. “No I won’t. I’m trying to help, if you’d get your head out of your ass long enough to accept it.”
Tony stood up, and playfully tapped him on the chest. “Handcuffs and orders, getting pretty wild there, Babe.”
Steve stepped back, hands held up non threateningly. Tony went back inside to the little room and collapsed on the bed. Now that he knew what to look for he could feel Liberty and Steve in the back of his mind, faint feelings of annoyance and worry. This was a disaster. The heroes of the Battle of the Keep deserved far better than to be bound to a man like him, who ruined so many lives with his carelessness.
Well. He tried. A little. No, not really, he was pissed at life, and at Stane, and mostly at his husband to be. Husband? More like hus’bad’. Heh. He would have to remember that one. Jan poked him.
Tony looked away and Steve continued softer. “I understand that you must do what’s best for those you lead back at mine. I do not resent you for going back, and it is only because of you that either of us lives to fight another day.”
He climbed up the cornucopia to sit next to Bruce and Thor, and the metal was wonderfully warm. It must have been heated, there was no way it would have been giving off that much heat naturally. “Are we going to hang out here until they show up?”
“You were brainwashed for part of Ultron, and after Clint and Loki we agreed brainwashing doesn’t count against anyone,” Steve interjected. Tony sighed.
Tony didn't feel like he should be in charge of his own life, let alone the whole country. But if the people had voted for him, then he would do it. He owed the people of the districts so much more than a year of his life.
Much like in the games, having Steve was the only thing holding him together. He woke up everyday overflowing with guilt, for the weapons he had built, for his misplaced loyalty, and even for killing Stane. He would hide his face in Steve's shoulder, and Steve would run a hand through his hair until his breath stopped catching in his throat. The first few weeks they were back they both woke up at any noise, fists clenched and ready to fight, the arena having trained them to sleep lightly. They'd sit back to back in the dark of Tony's house, eyes watching for a threat to appear, each others company the other thing allowing them to hang on to a thin thread of rationality. Sometimes Tony felt like he had never left, like cameras were still watching him and if he was too loud someone would be coming to kill him. All food seemed precious, and Tony found himself storing jerky and crackers under his bed, just in case. He felt stupid and irrational until he noticed Steve doing the same thing.
“It’s more than that. What I feel, she feels. Her wounds are mine and mine are hers, and I can always find her. She is my closest friend, and being apart from her like this is like ripping the heart from my chest.”
“I’ll help you, I promise." Tony assured him. "We’ll save the ranch. But you need to work with me. We can do this. We will do this. Help me start.”
“I’m not fighting anybody.” Steve was suddenly so tired he felt like he could barely stand. He trudged back to the truck, and collapsed in the back in the bed. The sky was annoyingly bright and blue above him, and the warmth of the truck bed sunk through his shirt into his back. He could hear his pack having a discussion a few yards away, their words muffled by both distance and his lack of care. No matter what they said, they couldn’t change anything. Steve closed his eyes. He could feel his hands shake a little with after fight jitters. He flexed the hand Tony had stepped on. Wondered if it would bruise. The bites from their par had been playful. This injury, Tony had meant to hurt. He heard footsteps approach the car, and it shook side to side as everyone got in. The engine started, and they started the long drive home.
Tony started pulling off his clothes off and Steve waited to see how he would do. He shouldn’t have worried. After a short pause Tony’s fur started to grow in in waves, his bones and joints reforming with only a single painful sounding pop. In less than a minute Tony hopped up with a happy yip. Steve returned the happy yip, congratulating him as well as he could with no way to speak. Steve trotted over and gave him a greeting sniff and recoiled. The scent of metal and soot was a lot stronger with his wolf nose, and Tony had spent most of the afternoon trying to fix the oven, then the washing machine. Tony gave his paw a sheepish lick, then made a face of disgust and gave up. He rolled around in the dirt to cover up the smell, leaving himself dusty and with a leaf perched comically on the top of his head. Steve shook his head at him in fond exasperation, and trotted off deeper into the woods. His pack followed loyally behind him, as he searched the air for the scent of something to hunt.
Tony knocked on Steve’s door the next day around 5. Steve opened it, and crossed his arms. “I didn’t think we were still doing this.”
