"The thing is I'd like to think that there is something else than fate. A free will. Like you and me, for example. I'd prefer that you are friend with me because I am awesome and fuckin' adorable, not because fate told you to do so."
since I’ve been without you? I only know this because Sam called in to check up on me since then. At least now Sam finally got off my back - I think he bought my tough-guy act, although the truth is I still miss you. I miss your eyes and I could still see them when I close my eyes. Those glaring blue eyes that look straight into me. I miss your voice, too. I thought I’d never say this but I even miss your grouchy mumbling in the morning. I miss the warm laughter of yours, I miss your tight hugs. And I could probably go on and on and still you won’t hear the end of it.”
“Of course, it’d be you, Cas. It’s not like you’d have someone else lying next to you, warming up your bed.”
Dean faced the camera – his expression held a hint of sadness but the determination behind his eyes and a faint smile was very much genuine.
They hid inside a closet, but things escalated quickly. Although Castiel tried to stay still, Dean suddenly stopped laughing, his breath became ragged and – was, was he smelling him? Castiel was, on the other hand, trying his best not to focus on the warmth radiating off of Dean and the unique scent of Dean beneath the layer of the tang of whiskey and shampoo fragrance.
It was almost as if Cas had been waiting for Dean to suggest the idea first because he wasted no time to close the distance between them.
“I got what I asked.” That sounded almost bitter and Dean tried to look into his friend’s eyes, who quickly turned his head away. “But don’t worry, Dean. I don’t plan to make this awkward for you. I am ready to move on.”
“What I’m saying is that you are overthinking this. He likes you and you like him back but you’re just focusing on the downside.”
If Dean could shoot dagger with his eyes, he would. Because every word that was coming out of Cas’ mouth was hurting him.
Flippant as always, Castiel mused, easily imagining how Gabriel would hold onto his phone with one hand and wave his other hand dramatically, all the while waiting for him to share the news with him. He hummed to himself, taking the time to decide in what way he was going to deliver the news even though he knew that he could barely hide his own giddiness.
As he ripped the packet open and rolled it on, a pair of green eyes were fixated on him –technically at his dick – but nonetheless on him. Feeling bold enough he squared his posture and took on a more dominating role. He grabbed the omega's waist, ready to flip him over, but he decided that he should probably ask first.
“Nothing!” Dean exclaimed, blanching at how his voice suggested the exact opposite, and then quickly elaborated his sentence. “Fine, uh, you see... I’m just feeling hot from the adrenaline rush or whatever.”
“So you want to date me, huh? Be my boyfriend and all that? Does that mean you wanna hold my hand or something?”
SAM: (smiles with Dean) You think? Heh, who knew we’d end up choosing something else for ourselves? I mean, what changed your mind?
Castiel didn't think that he would end up going to Kansas University. Not that he wanted to affront the university, but his father had insistently pushed him to go to universities with name values. You can change your nationality, but you can't change where you graduated, his father would say. Well, screw him. Castiel printed the list of universities without their names, only their location, offered majors, and some possible pros and cons about attending there.
Although Castiel couldn’t quite understand his boyfriend’s twisted sense of humor, he thought it was typical of Dean to want something ridiculous, rather than something serious. Castiel remembered with a grimace, how he had run away the first time he saw Dean’s epitaph because his blood was boiling and ringing in his ears and he just could handle Dean’s way of humor then.
“He’s slightly shorter than me. Um, he always likes to wear collared shirts? And... nothing, I got jack squat.”
“Yeah, remember when a waitress was flirting with him like a week ago? You said, quote, unquote, ‘My shy but devastatingly handsome friend here‘.”
“There’s nothing wrong with that. We both know you kind of have a thing for manhandling,” Charlie shrugged indifferently.
“Hey, you missed me? I forgot to charge this thing so it went out. Good thing I could charge it while I was taking my lesson, right? To be honest, it did take me a while to get a hang of it but now I’m like a pro. Well, semi-pro. So I am just gonna hand this camera over to Garth here and try to take his horse around the course on my own. Could you say hello, Garth?”
A normal person would have jumped at the sudden voice calling them, but Castiel was rather great at being resilient. He only glanced up to the person in front of him to confirm that the person is indeed Dean Winchester and hastily tore his eyes off of him.
Castiel made a quick trip to a bakery nearby and grabbed two cups of coffee and two breakfast muffins. He wrote down his numbers on a scrap piece of paper and placed it on the table next to the muffins and the coffee. Sparing a quick glance at the sleeping boy before closing the door behind him, he hoped that he would wake up soon before the food got cold.
kinky, Cas. Here I was, thinking you appreciated how great I am when I ride you. Apparently, you thought I need more practice.”
Cas smiled slightly upon sensing Dean’s back to his normal self now. “If I did, I would have told you, Dean. See you tomorrow.”
Well, Dean decided that he wouldn’t bother worrying about their little talk, either. That’s why he was feeling quite okay when he was walking down the road with Cas by his side. Today was Walk-To-School Wednesday – a stupid ritual that Cas made up, saying a 30-minute walk couldn’t hurt once in a while.
"Yeah, I do but I get a freebee since I’m your favorite cousin. Now don't leave me hanging here, you’re killing me!"
The omega hummed lightly and snuggled into his arms. As much as Castiel would like to get up and take a shower, he felt nothing but contentment right then. The omega had wrapped his arms around him and he could easily smell his happiness. He shouldn't feel this way since they’ve only been in each other’s presence for a few hours but he closed his eyes and pretended that this was normal. For now.
He looked for a condom in his wallet, which he knew for a fact would be there. His brother would always put it there every once in a while, telling him it was the lucky condom that will help him ‘get some’.
Crowley’s scoff sounded like he didn’t believe him, not even the slightest, and Castiel wanted to prove him wrong.
Standing in a proximate distance, Castiel noticed an undertone of leather and whiskey in the omega’s scent, which seemed so... off for some reason he couldn't quite place. Those smells didn’t mingle well with more prominent ones from him, like cedarwood and apple pie. However, the thoughts faded away as he felt the green-eyed man grinding against him, causing satisfying friction for both of them.
“Cas, this is the best thing that you've asked me to do on this list so far. Man, this is awesome! I am in this Cajun restaurant down in Louisiana and I met this guy named Benny. Hey, Benny! Say hi to Castiel for me, would ya?”
Dean wished that he could say that the rest of the day went smoothly. It hadn’t. Unlike the morning classes, Dean couldn’t focus at all in his afternoon classes. Not with the remark from Charlie echoing inside his head. Damn that girl for messing with his mind. Yeah, that must be it – she was trying to be a wing-woman by trying to set him up with Cas. Too bad for her, Dean thought, she’s just barking at the wrong tree if she thinks something will happen between them. Just because they are attached at the hip doesn’t mean they are joined together at everything.
However, when he looked at the clock and saw that time didn't change much from the last time he'd taken a look, Castiel lamented that he should’ve taken the leave of absence when he had the chance. He was by no means slacking off at work, but he wasn’t exactly working hard as he normally would. Although he hated to admit that Crowley was right after all, he went to see him so that he could excuse himself from work. To his surprise, his boss didn’t make any snide comments and simply waved him off, telling him he expected Castiel to be ready to work by tomorrow.
Ah, Gabriel and his nicknames. Castiel couldn’t help but grimace at Gabriel’s endearment because he didn’t like to be called ‘Cassie’. In fact, he pretty much hated all kinds of nicknames. Well, maybe with exception of ‘Cas’, but then again, he probably only liked that name because it was
Although it wasn’t even his full name, he was pleased with hearing his name, his question for omega’s name already evaporated.
At work, Castiel tried to but failed not to daydream about the green-eyed omega he had seen at the café. This was probably just a fascination, natural instinct, to be attracted to and admire something beautiful like a sculpture from ancient Greece. He remembered how aesthetically pleasing the cashier's face was and his mind drifted off to wonder how his body would be like underneath the layers of clothes. Would his frame look delicate, just like his face? Or would he have toned muscles, matching his tall physique? The images forming inside his head were making it difficult not to get aroused and since having a hard-on in a workplace was less than ideal, he silently willed his forming erection to subside.
Desperate attempt to lighten the mood, Dean tried to turn this into a joke and wiggled his fingers for a good measure. Castiel simply looked up and rolled his eyes in exasperation.
Sam’s face softened as he sighed, “It’s just... Cas deserves to know this and I promise it’s better if you guys talk this out, okay?”
As soon as the movie ended, Dean bolted outside and took in the fresh air and Cas managed to keep up with him and ask, “Are you okay, Dean?”
Charlie rolled her eyes as if she couldn’t believe what she’d just heard. “That’s not a good enough reason.”
Dean laughed off Michael's suggestion, but Castiel fought his grimace because he knew that look on Michael's face when he was looking at Dean. It's how Castiel sometimes looked at Dean when Dean wasn't looking back at him. It was a face of pure want.
The video was disoriented since Charlie was running for her dear life away from Dean. She was luckily saved when her phone rang.
It was true, all the argument that Dean had come up with seemed to have slipped off his mind, the second he heard that those pies would be from Gabriel’s – the pies that are second best to Mom’s.
Charlie looked at him incredulously but before she could make a comment, Cas swooped in answered, “It's been going rather well. How about you?”
Even after Castiel found the perfect ring, it took him a while to gather the courage to drive to the cemetery where Dean was buried. He dug a small patch on the left side of Dean’s grave so that he could bury one of the rings with him. After he covered the patch back with the dirt, he stood up and ran his fingers across the inscribed epitaph on Dean’s plaque. It was a twist on his infamous catchphrase: I still think I’m adorable.
“...Shut up and just order me a damn salad, Samantha. Wait, do you think they offer extra meat topping?”
However, Michael was staring with such intensity, his scent of arousal so strong that it filled the room, and Castiel couldn’t hold it back anymore. He aligned his dick toward the ass, and the tip of his cock brushing against the hole, causing the omega to moan. He pushed it all at once since he knew that was for the better. When he bottomed out, they both groaned at the feeling.
You see, getting pie every day was just a cherry on top. And as much as Dean liked those sugar-sweet cherries on top of the ice cream, milkshake, cake, and all other kinds of desserts, those were just something extra – it was the dessert that really mattered. To him, the “cake” in their little arrangement was not having to see Cas’ crestfallen face.
Only a short boy with a lolly hanging out of his mouth remained. He was crouched over the lump and rubbing his back soothingly. Dean shoved his hands into the pockets of his ripped jeans and shuffled over.
Dean swallowed, an unwanted image of Cas in nothing but a speedo, invading his mind. “Well, thanks anyways. If Roman caught me in a fight today, I probably would have been suspended.”
I’m still not sure why you sent one, maybe Sam convinced you? When I first saw the envelope, I was too scared to open it.
Dean panicked when he couldn’t find the bright blue rucksack that Sam was always lugging around. He scanned the hall again before moving towards the stairwell. Maybe Sam had decided to head off without him, he
What he didn’t expect was to be pulled off of Luke, almost immediately after he got his first punch in. Usually, it would take the teachers a few minutes to notice the commotion outside their rooms, and a few more minutes to break up the fight. But today, there he was, arms trapped behind him and a calming voice in his ear.
“Fuck me...please,” Cas whispered. He wasn’t even sure that Dean had heard him at first because there was a pause. But finally the bedside drawer opened and heard Dean slide a condom on, followed by the sound of the lube bottle popping open. His heart pounded in his chest. He was so ready for this. He felt himself achingly hard against the mattress, and when Dean pushed one...two...three fingers slowly inside of him, Cas thought he would explode with the desire he felt coursing through him. It physically stung to be explored so intimately for the first time, but he welcomed it. He pushed his hips in to the mattress, groaning at the sensation when he rubbed himself against the sheets in time to Dean's fingers working him open.
"Call Balthazar. Cas. Is Cas OK? Gabriel. Balthazar. Call him, Sammy. Please call him. Cas has to be OK. He has to be OK. I need to be there. I need to be there.”
“I’m…sorry, I lost track of time,” Cas said, his blue eyes wide. He was visibly shivering from the cold. “ I was just…talking to someone", he finished weakly. He was terrible with secrets.
Cas didn't stop what he was doing with his hands, despite the distracting interruption - he was too caught up in watching Dean, whose body was shaking now, and he was thrusting harder, barely able to hold himself up, his legs spread on either side of Cas’s lap. Somehow, in spite of all that, he managed to free Cas's hard cock from his pants.
The kiss that followed was a new type of first kiss: a first kiss that signified forever. Cas thought he might die from the euphoria he felt when Dean lifted him off of his knees until he was standing, hands wrapped tightly around Cas's waist. Cas was used to being just a little bit shorter, but now he bent down to meet the kiss, moving his hands to wipe new tears from Dean’s face and pushing him backwards, trying to avoid the takeout that was still spread out on the bed when he climbed on top of his fiancé to deepen their kiss and bury his face in his neck.
Once at the party on this particular day, he found himself alone in one of the galleries with a glass of sherry, mulling over the various paintings in the large, heavily perfumed corridor. The velvet draperies on the doors and windows rustled subtly in the summer breeze that blew in from the terrace behind him, swirling thick, warm air in to the room. It was a hot day, and he felt stifled in his formal attire, and unable to concentrate sincerely on the works due to his discomfort. In knowing that he was alone, he felt no remorse at removing his cravat and overcoat, rolling up the sleeves of his white linen shirt, and loosening his waistcoat with a private sigh of relief. He cast his discarded clothing items along the baseboard of the vast room, and immediately felt drawn to one of the pieces in the gallery as his focus returned.
Dean narrowed his eyes in quiet contemplation as he listened to Cas finish leaving his apologetic voicemail.
"What? I need to hear this!" John laughed along with Dean while Sam told the full story, and by the end of it all three of them were in fits. It felt good to laugh. But the jovial mood wasn’t meant to last.
“Boys! I’m sure Castiel is as hungry as all of us are. Cut the roughhousing and get in here!” Mary shouted from the door.
“Oh I’m a piece of shit?! That’s rich coming from a professor who’s fucking one of his students.” Dick laughed from deep in his gut.
He was further along than he thought he’d be and that was evident in his voice. He felt like an empty box just itching to be filled to the brim with Dean. He wanted to chase the beauty that was Dean, whether it was off a cliff to his demise or to the moon. It didn’t matter in that moment, all that made sense to him was this.
Hello fellow humans! Here I am with another update of this one. My muse decided to show his face and help me put this one together. As usual let me know your thoughts. There is a bit of a warning for this one and I've marked it with a *  * for a tiny touch of ignoring of a safeword. Please stay safe! Also I updated the tags!!!
“Cas.” He chuckled. “In all honesty I don’t deserve shit. I meant it when I said I never wanted to pressure you into anything that you didn’t want. Hell if this is something you wanna take to your grave then by all means I’ve got no say in that.”
It felt good like this, a warm coil forming in his guts at the other man’s ministrations. He rubbed his hand along Dean’s chest where it was laid, then sliding down to the hem of his t-shirt. He reached below the garment, needing to feel Dean’s skin under his hand. He reached up grazing over a nipple, just to hear the satisfied hum he knew was coming.
Castiel began to tell Charlie what took place after the night they smoked together. How they went out for burgers. How he kissed Dean after the club, and then they made out in his classroom today. He left out the part of him catching Dean at the tail end of crying. He felt that wasn’t his place to share that with Charlie when he had no idea what was going on.
His father nodded offering a soft face of remorse for not warning Castiel ahead of time that their unwanted guest would be making an appearance. He offered a soft smile to let him know that he wasn’t upset with him.
Dean didn’t count them, didn’t really see what he was taking. He just took a heaping amount and tried to shove them down his throat as fast as he could. Once he was done he threw the bottles in anger, all the pills scattering across the floor in sharp sounds. He resumed his place on the floor, feeling his body growing heavy. He wasn’t tired per say, just numb enough that he couldn’t really feel his self anymore.
He and Dean were set to hangout this weekend. But the topic would be a nightmare and a half to try to bring it up himself. The words would trip and stumble out of his mouth so bad he’d be better off saying nothing at all. Putting Dean on the spot like that was neither polite or tactful and that was something he wanted to avoid.
Once he reached the front double doors he tried the handle and it gave way easily. It wasn’t locked at all. That wasn’t a good sign at all, he thought as he shook his head to himself. Dick was a pompous, narcissistic asshole, but he couldn’t picture him being this much of an idiot to leave the door unlocked. Especially knowing that either the cops or Dean, or both would come barreling into the place .As he made his way inside he made his way down a long hallway with cemented walls. The air smelled stale, and it was oddly warm inside. He turned to a single door to the left kicking it open at the same time drawing his gun. It was an empty, cleaned out office space, a single rolling chair forgotten in the middle of the floor. He felt some of the little hope he had for finding Castiel leave his body. Another red flag raising as he listened around him again and hearing nothing.
He doesn’t want this. Why can’t Dick tell he doesn’t want this? The guys holding his legs let go with one hand, each reaching into their pants and taking out their own erections and began stroking at the sights set out for them. Castiel is panicked and disgusted.
“Well it would’ve been nice to have a head’s up, but it’s fine. I know you had your reasons. And I have my reasons for not going.”
Dean thrust shallowly a handful of times before he emptied into him, so much of it that it filled his mouth and pooled over onto his chin and cheeks.
“I’m sorry guys. I just got a lot going on, but I promise I will make an effort to see you more often.”
When it was time to go, he was a little apprehensive about this whole thing. He’d gotten this interesting vibe from the man, colors indicating a secret was kept in his aura. He didn’t get any of the usual warnings he would if he was a part of
“I really don’t wanna hear that Sam.” His blood began to boil as he watched his brother sling around his usual clichés hoping that somehow Dean would magically become a better man.
Once Dean reached completion, spilling it all over the other man’s face, Castiel finally pulled himself out of his stupor. He stopped filming and immediately feeling ashamed of himself he began to put his equipment away. Had he gotten good shots? Did he zoom where necessary? Who the hell knows what he did because his concentration was entirely elsewhere, and that’s not how a professional operated. That’s not how he did his job, and that upset him. Not to mention the fact that they weren’t really together. And that thought hurt. More than it ever should.
Cas cocked his head to the side in confusion then his face melted into that all too sweet smile that Dean loved. He laughed softly and shook his head as Dean took a huge bite of the bread.
He should’ve said 10 since that’s how quick he got his shit together and was now standing at the front door of the Novak house. He didn’t bother with the doorbell, banging was quicker and more effective in his mind. It took maybe 30 seconds for Chuck to open the door. He immediately grabbed Dean’s bicep and yanked him into the house and all the way to the living room. For such a small man he had quite a God like grip on him.
“I saw him today.” His tone changed immediately, and if the tv was still on Sam for sure wouldn’t be able to hear him.
The remainder of the conversation went pretty much the same. Sam and Charlie joining forces trying to bait Dean and poor Castiel into revealing things and talking about things that they pretty much wouldn’t talk about on their own. They glossed over the topic of exes, but Charlie quickly shut that down once she saw the way Cas froze during the topic. Must be a touchy subject. Dean thought to himself. After that the rest was pretty light hearted and Dean was starting to loosen up once he noticed Cas had done the same with the alcohol in his system. He placed a hand on Dean’s thigh at one point telling him how his dad had tried to surprise him with a birthday cake and somehow face planted into it. Dean laughed along trying to hide his nervousness and crippling arousal at the contact with Cas. Luckily the buzzed man hadn’t noticed the change in Dean. He even left his hand there for the remainder of the night.
“I don’t normally bottom for my partners, but I’ve seen the way you fuck, and I’d bottom for you no questions asked. Would you like that Dean? Me bent over and open for you.”
There wasn’t much more to take because soon enough he was pumping into the beautiful man above him. He hugged Dean close and as they began, so they finished, with lips intertwined. The only difference now was that they were sweaty and sated. While Castiel heavily enjoyed their rigorous sex, there was a special place in his heart for the tangled afterglow that they were now basking in.
“Yes, I imagine fucking you would be nice. What would also be amazing is if you thought of me while you’re fucking that dude during your shoot.”
“Do you need to touch yourself Dean?” his own voice was breathy, heavily affected by the display of the other man.
“I’m furious with you Gabriel. You’ve once again invaded my privacy and used it against me. I will be doing you no more favors of this nature ever again.”
Seeing Cas tomorrow meant he absolutely had to finish everything he had to do tonight. He took a huge gulp of his coffee and set his mind to it.
“Oh wow, keeping it all in the family.” He chuckled. “This is my first shoot with Dean. Kind of surreal ya know?”
“Dean said we were going on a date so I’m not sure if he’s my boyfriend or if this is something else.”
They retreated to the kitchen sitting at the table across from one another enjoying the food that Dean made. Castiel knew he was a little beside himself with the noises that he made, but Dean was simply a master at cooking. It truly was only bacon and eggs but everything was bursting with flavor. He finally looked up at Dean once he finished his plate to find his boyfriend’s face slightly flushed and staring right at him.
Dean took the huge hint in front of him and realized what was about to happen as he took his shirt off in a much slower rate than Cas had. Shirtless and aroused he stepped towards the younger man and trailed his fingers on the skin of his bicep, barely touching. This sensation felt far more intense for Castiel than full contact. It was gentle and affectionate. Castiel did the same with Dean’s chest, tracing over every scar and freckle, only when he reached his abdomen did he sink to his knees and hastily undid his pants. He pulled them all the way down and help Dean step out of them until he was naked except for his socks.
*                             *                             *                             *                             *                             *
They got their skates, he helped Cas to stand and taught him how to glide on the carpet first. It was pretty early in the evening and this place never closed before midnight so they had time. Every time Cas fumbled he apologized profusely, as if his clumsiness was somehow an affront to Dean. He had better uses for his apologies though so instead of a sorry Dean just swooped in and kissed him before the words could leave his mouth.
He could hear his voice in his head, all smooth and flavorful, like all the meals he’d cooked for Castiel. He tried to remember his smell, tones of earth and leather, with an underlining sweetness, like warmed honey. He envisioned his smile, bright and strong like his soul. He wanted Dean, needed him, in this moment. But he couldn’t have that so he had to be strong, so that he could return to Dean. So he could call him his angel, and wrap him in his strong embrace, and make him feel like he’s worth something.
“I know. That’s why I stayed. You know I’ll always support you. Even though you don’t like being taken care of.” Sam smirked.
It was like someone dropped some heavenly glass down his throat and gave him the voice of all voices. It was the perfect mix being a growl and actually speaking. The perfect pitch too, any higher or lower and it wouldn’t have the all enticing quality that it did.
“Well Christmas eve dinner yes. I figured you’d be spending Christmas day with Dean’s family so I wanted to have a small something for the night before. Maybe open a gift or two together?”
“Alright, Sam and I are gonna take a walk around the building, scope out all our entrance points. Then we’ll come back here and form a plan.”
Dean hung up the phone, and he wanted to put it back on the night stand, but he couldn’t bring himself to reach over. He could barely breathe let alone move. Cas crawled up until they were face to face. He kissed Dean softly everywhere he could reach. His eyes, nose, cheeks, lips, and forehead all were showered with soft drops of affection. Should he really go see his father? Dean had always had a handle on everything in his life. He worked hard for everything he had. Hell he worked hard for everything Sam had too. He was always on top of everything, but this little dark corner of his life was the only thing out of his control. His father was unpredictable, tough, and ruthless. Dean use to think he did what he did out of love, but after years of suffering with their tattered relationship he wasn’t even sure if his father had even loved him. Those words never left his lips according to Dean’s memory.
“Hmm you look different out in the sunlight.” She ignored Dean’s gesture. “I see now what Dean was going on about your eyes.”
He could feel the muscles of his entrance relaxing and slowly opening under him. Pushing his tongue deeper to hear the noises leak from Dean louder than before. His hips were moving now, ass pushing back into Castiel’s face, attempting to make him go deeper. He reached out to still him, gripping his hips tightly and pushed them back to the bed.
“Dean….”he took a much needed pause to collect his thoughts. This wasn’t supposed to turn into a childish fight. “You put space in between us so I thought that’s what you needed. I may not be versed in what is and isn’t acceptable in a relationship, but I’m pretty sure being a mind reader isn’t one of the requirements. I will always do my absolute best to be there for you, but you need to tell me when I am and not needed. That’s how this works.” His pinched voice slowly rose in volume.
This could mean good things for him, now he wouldn’t have to worry about budgeting so tight for food and rent. He wondered what the new responsibilities would be, but he had no doubt Missouri would train him up just like she did the last time.
“No Sam. We are not doing this.” He said with his head still in the refrigerator. “I said what I said and I meant it. They can kiss my ass with that ‘follow the mission’ crap. What are they gonna do? Kick me out the group?”
“Oh angel.” His hands reached out and pulled down the cloth that covered his mouth. He touched a hand to Castiel’s face and he found himself leaning into the touch. He was grateful for a loving touch—something he hadn’t experienced in a while and truly missed more than he could express. Dean turned him around and untied his hands and once he was freed, he wrapped his arms around Dean’s middle and dug his face into his neck. He wanted to be surrounded by Dean and nothing else.
Another message was from Sam asking if they could meet up. That was more off putting than the rest. Castiel liked Sam as much as you can like your boyfriend’s brother. He was a very intelligent man that wasn’t afraid to show it. He was also very compassionate and caring, if his relationship with his son and Dean were anything to show for. Castiel couldn’t really say he had a friendship with the other man though, maybe that’s why he wanted to meet up. He responded in the bluntest way possible so that nothing would be misunderstood between them.
“Guess you can help me with the email I need to send out then.” Dean flashed him a smile. “Well I wanted your take on chapter’s 1-4. Why you think…”
I'm not sure what happened, but this popped into my head. Yet another dose of plot in my porn. Hope you enjoy!!
“That may be the case but it’s not gonna stop me from trying.” He took a pause and a deep breathe. “I may not…agree with the way you wanna live your life Dean…but I’ve realized that it ain’t my place to agree. It’s my place to support. And for all these years I couldn’t understand that. I know I can’t just walk back in your life like nothing happened…like I did in the past. I’ll do what I have to do to show you that I’m man enough to be your father again.”
They let the water off and Dean made it a point to towel dry Castiel from head to toe. He gave him clothes to wear to bed, but Castiel opted just for clean underwear, so Dean wore the same. With covers on them, they settled into each other’s arms. He basked in the way Dean ran warmer than himself, despite the A/C running.
“I was going to leave before I self-destructed, but he asked me to stay. Apparently I’m the only one to show for his office hours.”
The night carried on and Castiel found himself enjoying himself. By the time one of the executives of the company got up to do a thank you speech Dean was little more tipsy then he intended to be.
“I agree with you Rowena, but I just have a question about all this. You’re giving us this spell right? So what do you want from us in return.”
“Castiel’s ex. I don’t want to get into it cause it’s messy and it’s personal. That’s a story only he can share with you. But what I can tell you is that guy is the worst thing to ever happen to Castiel. Him showing up like that has done a number on him.”
Dean’s body felt stiff in the embrace, the whirl wind of emotions preventing him from melting in the embrace like he usually would. His walls were building themselves back up against his will. He wanted to be open with Cas. He wanted to be vulnerable in front of this man he cared for, but old scars were resurfacing and he couldn’t bring himself to do that.
“Never,” Dean replied immediately, diminishing Castiel’s growing uncertainty. "If you want, I could start calling you Darling or something. Would you like that, Darling?”
Speak of the devil and devil shall appear. Castiel smiled at the irony of it since Gabriel was a name of an archangel, the complete opposite of the devil.
That is why he was more surprised than anyone else when he decided to rebel for the first time by running away from his home, his father, and fate itself. Castiel remembered that day so clearly, he could even draw it out if he wanted to. He had just turned eighteen then. He never made money by working in a job, not even a summer job, but he did save most of the money his parents have given him on his birthday and other special occasions, telling him he could do whatever he wants with it. Although they sounded like they wanted him to pick out a present for himself, he knew the real reason behind it – they just didn't want to bother spending time to pick out gifts. He didn't spend it and rather saved the money out of spite, but who knew it would come in handy one day? It won't be long until the money runs out, sure, but at least he is free. And this freedom he tasted for the first time had been simply exhilarating.
That was the only reply he got, but Castiel was feeling anticipation bubbling inside him already. Today was Friday evening, and that meant he had to wait four days.
Castiel had simply thought that since they have fallen into a comfortable routine of spending time after school together anyway, they could share an apartment together. He didn't want to push Dean into this though, so Castiel just watches Dean regain himself after choking on his beer. Dean looked like he wanted to say something, but he kept his mouth closed. And when he opened it again, he blurted out a list of why he wouldn't be a good roommate. After Castiel pointed out that they can work it out together, a bright smile crept up to Dean's face as he agreed.
“Besides, cowboys are more or less people from the past. I see people every day who ride horses with equal skill and talent here on this ranch.”
DEAN: (his expression softens) I was just looking up a job application. Mechanic, y’know, since I kept Baby running for more than a couple decades. I mean I haven’t figured out much myself but-
Dean must have been drunk as well because Dean whipped his head around, with a mischievous glint in his eyes, and dared him to kiss him.
“I wasn’t able to take a film of me dancing because it takes two to dance and Sam and Eileen are off on a honeymoon. Can you believe it? Sammy finally nut up and asked Eileen to marry him. I thought Eileen would have to ask for his hand. Anyway they had a relatively small wedding, but it was beautiful. You would’ve loved it.”
He leaned closer to him and the sweet scent intensified. Castiel tried hard not to bury his nose into the omega’s neck and breathe in the addicting scent of his.
Castiel, being a doctor, was aware of how precious and delicate human lives were but never had he imagine Dean’s life being extinguished. It was hard to imagine strong-willed boyfriend of his, his soul probably vibrant with emotion and life, would die. Yes, one of Castiel’s favorite daydream was the one where they would grow older together, grey hair and everything but death? Death was not part of it.
“And you are avoiding him why? What exactly is the problem here?” Sam exclaimed, as soon as Dean finished the story.
For years, Castiel had thought that all the things he had to go through were because it was destined to be that way. In his elementary school years, his parents ended up filing a divorce after fighting on a daily basis. In his middle school years, he was bullied because he was a 'freak' with 'four-eyes' who 'stared weirdly' and –how this would be considered as an insult, he still had no idea – 'read books'. In his high school years, he would be called names whenever he walked down the hallway, ever since someone had found out he's gay. Not once had he dared to think that this was unfair. Everything was just meant to be. Because Castiel believed his father and hanged on tight to his words. Well, at least he had.
Dean thought about it before answering, “Not really. Cas pulled me away before I even heard the car.”
Unfortunately, the cashier decided to casually flirt with him and even winked at him in the same manner. Castiel felt his mind come to a full stop and he stood frozen in place before the beautiful omega spared him by prompting, “You gonna ask me when my shift ends or what?”
“Hey, my name is Dean Winchester. I’m an Aquarius. I enjoy sunsets, long walks on the beach, and frisky women. Or at least I used to before I met this gorgeous boyfriend with an angelic smile and baby blue eyes but –wait for it– also simply a
After Dean almost whispered the last sentence, he closed his eyes and let the wind fill the silence.
"Excuse me?" Although Meg had shown interest in him, she hadn't made any advances so he was taken off guard to hear her offer.
Castiel Novak was a man of routine. Every morning he’d wake up, make his bed, take a shower, get dressed, and head out the door. He always walked to work, seeing as it took him less than half an hour to get there. On his way, he would drop by the café, one just before his company’s building, since he could hardly function in the morning without caffeine in him. This was his usual routine and nothing had disrupted it until now.
The omega looked over his shoulder and stared at him with wide, lust-filled green eyes but instead of replying, he hummed to himself as he pushed two of his fingers inside, feeling the omega shivering against him.
“You mean my car,” Dean frowned, as Castiel scoffed. “What? I’m definitely taking her with me when I go to college. Let me see... what about Angel? You are even named after one.”
“Oh.” He grimaced and he felt uneasy upon remembering about yesterday and Cas’ surprise confession. However, as soon as he opened the box, the intense aroma wafted toward him and he couldn’t help but swallow thickly, his earlier unease drifting away.
He pulled his hair in frustration and he balled his fists, clenching and unclenching them repeatedly. Then he let out a huge sigh.
Cas’ eyes flashed with an emotion Dean didn’t know what to call it but before Dean could say something, Cas laughed bitterly.
Cas offered him a warm smile as he stood up and grabbed his bag. “No, I’ll be going home today. Have a nice evening, Sam.”
“So I bring you a pie every day for a week and you, in turn, would be my date for a week. Do we have an agreement?” Cas looked at Dean with such hopefulness that he couldn’t say no. Damn Cas for being able to make a puppy face, which was like kryptonite to him.
“Oh no, did I burst your manly bubbles? So what are you going to do, huh? Come on, give me all you've got, Winchester!”
Dean hadn’t had a wink of sleep last night. Well, that was him being a tad dramatic but he wasn’t lying about being unable to sleep very well. Even though he was lying on his bed, ready to go to sleep, his mind was floating off to a certain blue-eyed friend of his every so often. Which was exactly why he scowled at Charlie when he saw her in the morning.
"Dean," he says, taking his hand. Castiel wasn't surprised that Dean would be someone to grip hands firmly, but he was when he noticed that his hands were callous. Dean let go of his hand after a short moment and Castiel found himself slightly missing it, which he shouldn't be feeling since it was the first time they held hands.
“I wanted to film the stars but this camera is a piece of shit. Guess that means you get to see more of this handsome face. I know you like it, so I guess you won't have any objections. God, it’s pretty chilly up here. If you were here, I might ask you to be the big spoon, hugging me from behind to keep me warm. Hmm, yeah, that sounds like a perfect night. You’d just cradle me in your arms and rock me gently, all the while kissing my forehead. Whispering that you’d always be here when I need you.”
Dean knew from the start he was only prolonging the inevitable but he wanted to delay giving an answer whether it be a yes or a no. His initial reaction had been actually to say no because saying yes was absurd when a) he didn’t feel any kind of attraction toward Cas and b) there was no way he’d date his best friend. However, he didn’t feel like saying no either because he never, ever was able to turn Cas down.
“Give me a break. You left me, remember? I stood in the driveway last night and watched my life drive away from me.”
“Ok. We can make it back…we’re close”, Dean whispered hoarsely as he pulled away abruptly, eyes glazed. “Ok?”
His heart sank when he was finally ready to leave work and saw the time...it was two hours past when he was supposed to have called Balthazar with details about their date. Being a doctor made his personal life hard sometimes. He picked up the phone, hoping his boyfriend hadn't given up on him yet.
Dean would not come out of his room to eat. Sam and Cas ate together in silence, and Sam brought a plate of food to Dean’s room for him afterwards - he couldn’t bear to watch him skip another meal.
Dean’s mind continued to wander through the last few years of his life, and he leaned his head on the back of the couch, closing his eyes and trying to think about happier things. It didn’t really work, and instead he surrendered to the hopelessness he had been fighting all night.
Once the bedroom door was shut, Dean practically tackled Cas into the clean sheets. He had put the band quilt on the bed,  wanting to breathe new life and happy memories into it, since it was his favorite and Cas seemed to like it, too.
“Cas texted today and he’s staying at this mystery man’s house tonight.” Gabriel held his hand up to give Balthazar a high five.
"What's that? I want to do an obstacle course, too! The child standing in front of him could have been Cas as a four-year-old. Crazy dark hair and deep blue eyes. It caught him off guard and he couldn’t respond right away.
Dean woke up in darkness to the sound of his own scream. He sat bolt upright, feeling around, trying to figure out where he was. He saw several candles being hastily lit in the dark, and it immediately roused the image of the smoke demon from his hallucination. He breathed hard, tears escaping from the corners of his eyes. The candlelight came closer and he could make out Sam and Jodi standing over him in his own chambers at Winchester house.
“Too damn long.” Dean reached out decisively to give Cas a delicate hug, and noticed that Cas’ smell was the same; she smelled like...home. It was soothing, and he allowed himself to breathe her in. It made his heart race.
Cas relieved Dean of finishing his thought by pulling him in again, kissing him softly and letting herself be transported back into his mind. She shivered appreciatively as their lips moved together, and in his thoughts, she was Jimmy. When he slipped his hands up the back of her well tailored jacket, he was picturing a man’s white dress shirt.
Once the foursome were sitting around Sam’s poker table, Dean started shuffling the cards, and Balthazar clipped the ends off of four cigars, passing one to each player silently as Dean dealt the first hand of five card draw.
Gabriel felt happy all day. The blue in Cas’s eyes held a shine this morning, and he received a text after lunch that Cas was staying with his new mystery man overnight. He was wildly curious as to who this man was that had so quickly won his little brother’s heart, and hoped he wouldn’t have to wait in suspense for too long.
, Dean thought. He was never going to touch any sort of drug like this again. He closed his eyes again and focused on trying to sober himself up enough to stop the hallucinations.
Cas was suddenly aware that Dean’s eyes were on him, and he glanced over at his hunter hazily. Looking at him made Cas’s heart beat louder. He could get lost in those green eyes, and even though the lines on Dean’s face had deepened over the years, he was still beautiful. He blinked slowly and smiled as Dean flushed and looked back at the road. But one of Dean's hands found its way from the steering wheel, across the worn leather of the passenger seat, and into Cas’s.
Sam pulled back into the driveway in time to watch Dean and Cas pull away from one another, faces flushed, breathing hard, and he suddenly felt like a complete idiot. His timing for this visit was
“Dean. Dean Winchester.” Dean extended his hand out and Castiel took it, loving Dean’s warm, rough touch. “My phone is on the table in the kitchen if you want to make any other calls. No code or anything. But why don't you wait and see if there’s anything I can do to help before you pay a tow truck to come out?”
“Did you take my car to the car wash?” Dean asked, deflecting Cas’s question about his forgotten shoes.
“He prayed to you, Castiel. Many times. It seemed to be the only thing keeping him alive in the end.” Donna stood in the doorway for a moment longer before shutting the door softly behind her.
"Yeah." Dean heard his own voice deepen as he thought about what he was saying right now. He had hidden his sexuality from his father for his entire life. Not on purpose at first, it took him a while to even admit it to himself that he was gay. He knew John Winchester was homophobic, and the one time he had mentioned Benny to him by complete accident, their ensuing fight ended in Dean driving off in a fit of rage and not speaking to his father for almost a year.
“You know, as great as that sounds, I don’t need to add that to the list of impulsive, dumb shit that I’ve done lately. But if you don’t mind, I will amuse myself with the thought.”
“I’m sorry. I’m sure you don’t want to hear this. I guess I’m just...I’m heartbroken. Ben is heartbroken, too.” She rested her arm on the top of the car door and put her face in it with exasperation. “I’m such a fool.”
“Dean. It’s ok. It’s ok. You’re home. You’re safe now.” Sam’s familiar voice calmed him, but his heart continued to race and his eyes darted around the room, trying in vain to locate Castiel.
"You son of a bitch," Dean whispered angrily, and withdrew his hands from Cas to grab a coffee cup and throw it hard against the wall so it shattered. Sam and Eileen were still sitting at the table, not sure what to do.
, Dean thought. He knew he would die to keep Cas forever. Cas was his now in every way...no longer just his protector and his best friend, but his lover and his source of happiness. He couldn't fight it...he didn't want to. The peace that he felt thinking about finally letting go of a mortal life to be with Cas made sense. His heart would break to stay here alone. He had given the world enough, hadn't he?
"Well…? You know a guy for one night, and you're in love with him? Let me guess. He made you feel like you saw God?"
"Do you...want to stop? It's ok - we don't have to do this." Dean watched Cas's chest rising and falling rapidly, his face flushed and beautiful.
"Forty five minutes. Let's go. Get some water. There's some sandwiches in the fridge, too. Some ice packs. I have an LED lantern, just in case. Some blankets…"
Lisa felt an urgent need to know what was happening, so she sat. After brief introductions, Hannah and Dean resumed their conversation and Lisa listened.
Dean blushed and looked at the ground, laughing nervously and folding his hands in his lap as he sat in one of the dining room chairs.
Sam found them asleep on the couch together. Scrabble had been forgotten after the third word. The record player had stopped, and so only the crackle of the turntable accompanied by the sound of slow, content breathing from the couch and of Eileen setting the table in the dining room filled the silence.
He was excited to see Dean again when he entered the living room. His rescuer was reclining thoughtfully in a chair next to a made up couch bed, and it was the most inviting thing he had seen for a long time.
The small smile that played on Cas's lips had Dean raking his fingers through his hair. He wanted to climb across the table and shove his tongue in that perfect, full mouth. It was driving him crazy.
He felt a deep burn as Dean slipped slowly inside of him, but it was absolute euphoria at the same time, and he pushed back against Dean, raising up on to his hands and knees and relishing in the feeling of Dean’s hands lightly gliding to his hips, steadying him, and slowly drawing in and out, exploring the situation with hesitation at first. But when Dean sensed urgency from Cas, he picked up speed, going harder and faster as Cas moaned and begged for more. Everything became a blur as Dean lost himself, pounding harder when he found Cas’s sweet spot and made him whimper in a drabble of English and Enochian. Eventually Cas's legs gave out and he asked Dean to stop. He rolled over onto his back, strung out and breathing hard.
As he listened, he closed his eyes, and he barely startled at all when Cas’ hands started gently tracing along his jaw. He angled his head back, letting goosebumps travel all over his body as her fingers lightly brushed along his neck. He bit his lip involuntarily, shuddering slightly, and giving in to the warm kisses that started following the traces of fingers.
After several moments of silence, Dean got out of the car. He trudged silently forward through the long, snow covered grass towards the small path in front of them, and Cas followed. He shivered slightly in the cold and wrapped his arms around himself for warmth. He had left his coat at the bunker.
“Anna, can I please have another drink?” Cas polished off his remaining half glass in one gulp and handed it back to his cousin for a refill. Then he looked at Gabriel again, his blue eyes shiny.
Cas entered the room swiftly and found himself with Dean’s head in his lap. He pressed his fingers to Dean’s temples, and slowly fell into his dream, ready to face both of their demons head on.
He woke up with drool on his shoulder, welcomed back into the real world by an image of Gabriel, glancing back and forth between him and the road in front of them.
"I highly doubt that,” Dean said quietly, and shifted uncomfortably in the booth, still trying to come down from his handsy moment with Cas. He rested his head on the back of the seat and closed his eyes, drumming his fingers on the table as he waited for his food.
He felt Cas smile sleepily, and it seemed like mere seconds before his breathing was slow and even. Dean didn't move. And he didn't intend to. He reached over as quietly as he could to switch off the bedside lamp and snuggled back in.
“I think that’s between the two of you. Let me see if I can get him to come out here for breakfast and we’ll start there. Why did you decide to bottle your grace?”
"Hey, remember when dad thought you would play professional baseball? He always said you would play for the Angels, since you were named after one?"  Gabriel wasn't poking fun when he shared the memory. They were simultaneously experiencing a rare moment of nostalgia.
Dean handed him the car keys and Cas did a U-turn back down the driveway. When he pulled the passenger door open and had a moment to himself, he realized that his heart was pounding loudly, and he was short of breath. He put both of his hands on the hood of his car and leaned in, closing his eyes, focusing his energy on calming himself down, but his mind kept wandering to that handshake and those green eyes.
"No, buddy." Dean chimed in. "Cas is just a friend. I'm helping him with his car today. You can help too if you want? You're coming to work with me."
"I guess we wore him out today,” Dean said quietly. Cas watched him lift the small boy gently, and carry him off to his bed. "At least I got his pajamas on him before he was out. Be right back."
He looked at the fortune cookie again before putting it back in his pocket. His stomach was filled with butterflies, which happened to him a lot these days when he experienced new forms of happiness, which seemed to be pretty much every day now. It was exhilarating...exciting. He wanted to feel this giddy and inspired forever.
Wow - that was kind of rude. He hadn’t meant to sound rude. Maybe Cas wasn’t going to come home tonight, just to punish him. But that was ridiculous - he didn't have anywhere else to go. Dean started pacing. He went to the fridge and opened it to peruse the contents. As much as he hated that Cas had expensive taste, he had come to appreciate a lot of the things that his roommate picked up at the store. Dean looked forward to shopping in the fridge now on Cas's grocery days. It made him chuckle to think of Cas's scowl when he observed the fridge door opening for the fifth time in five minutes.
“Oh, but I do, Dean.” There were tears in her eyes. She was standing near the front door to their house. The house that Dean had bought for them; for him and Lisa and Ben. It wasn’t big, or fancy, but it was something, and he thought that he had finally found a family and a life that made sense.
“Just a little something I picked up closer to home.” He moved to pull a gauze curtain down around them, enveloping their corner of the room in privacy as the curtain fell, causing Dean’s heart to flutter with anticipation and curiosity. He hadn’t realized when he joined Castiel earlier that this particular area could easily be converted into a private space for tutoring by means of the convenient curtain.
“Count with me Cas: in through your nose. 1...2...3...4. Hold it...1...2...3...4...5...6...7. Breathe out through your mouth. 1...2...3...4...5...6...7...8. Good. Again.” He held his brother's hand, helping him through it, waiting for the tremors to stop in his body - that was always a sign that he was coming down from the attack. It took longer than he remembered, and he wondered if Cas practiced this exercise when he was alone, or if he just used alcohol to self-medicate now. It made him hurt inside to think about Cas in his lonely apartment, going through this...
Dean couldn't believe how quickly they got back to the shop. He was so lost in thought that he wasn't paying attention to where they were going. Cas thanked Ben for lunch and gave him a high five.
He felt warmth spread through his body as he remembered Cas, and the way he passed out on the couch with a little smile on his face the night before. It was so cute he couldn't stand it.
He almost forgot that Cas had gone to hide in the bathroom until he emerged loudly, making his presence known. Dean appreciated his attempt to disappear for a few minutes while he sorted things with Lisa. He didn’t want his guest  to see what a mess his life was right now.
“You know why. It’s nothing to be ashamed of, Dean. I don't want you to think that. We’re just living a lie. It’s not healthy for us to keep doing this. I can’t give you what you need. Not really.” Lisa turned back to the door, about to head to the car idling in the driveway, where Ben sat in the backseat.
"So just like that...you want to go tell dad you're gay? After decades of hiding it and living in misery? Why?"
“Is this OK?” He whispered, breaking their kiss briefly to push their foreheads together, his fingers toying under the elastic in Cas’s waistband.
“Your guardian angel, actually,” Castiel responded. “It seems there are quite a large number of eligible ladies searching around for you. You’re quite the hot commodity this season, aren’t you?”
Cas turned the music down some to allow for conversation, but Dean still had to raise his voice slightly to be heard.
“Absolutely. Please”, Dean said. He had been leaning back against the wall behind him, but immediately leaned forward and rested his elbows on his knees in childlike anticipation, hands folded in front of him, looking sideways at Castiel.
"Cas?" He didn't see him right away, but then his melancholy, angelic face appeared over the back of the couch.
And so now, touching his face and speaking to him gently, pushing his hair back behind his ears, she felt tears on his face and her heart sank. She knew that this was all inevitable as soon as the scene at breakfast this morning, but had hoped they would be able to at least get through dessert tonight without overwhelming sadness in the air. His face was flushed, his eyes puffy, and it broke her heart. She worked her way between his legs and hugged him hard, her face buried in his chest. He responded by hugging her so tightly she could barely breathe, but she stood still, letting him take as long as he needed to work through what he was feeling.
Cas shook his head and moved back in, biting Dean's bottom lip and kissing him even harder than before.
"You dabble, Dean. I know you do. And your work is good. Castiel is here in town to help open several galleries, and the two of you should certainly get to know one another. Isn't that one fantastic? Castiel, I think this might be your best one." Sam smiled broadly and pointed at the infinity painting before inserting himself between Dean and Castiel and placing a well intentioned hand on each of their shoulders. The ensuing silence was humiliating.
Cas was distracted by Dean’s perfect profile after he dialed Naomi’s number, and he forgot where he was and what he was doing for a minute.
“You got a royal flush over there, man? Your cards can’t be that interesting.” Gabriel tried to break the tension by changing the subject. But finally, Dean responded with a small half smile, looking at Balthazar intentionally and puffing on his cigar again.
Now his high had started to make him feel warm everywhere. It was spreading to every inch of him, and he could feel his pants tightening. His pulse quickened at the sensation, and he found himself face to face with Castiel when he glanced up. There seemed to be an electricity that hovered in the air between them for a moment, and Dean couldn’t stand another second of not knowing what it would feel like to kiss him.
Cas tried not to listen. He really did, but he couldn’t help it. He sank to the floor and put his ear against the cool wood of the door, trying to hear what was going on.
"Yes…?" Gabriel squinted at him, not quite ready to believe that Cas was finally going to take that leap.
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas made eye contact with his roommate briefly and then wandered absently to the couch. When Dean looked down again, he saw that he had definitely cut himself on the bee mug, and needed to tend to his own wounds next. In an attempt to not get blood on the carpet (Cas would for sure be mad about that), he skirted around the rest of the broken ceramic and crawled on his hands and knees to the bathroom to find disinfectant and Bandaids. He opened the medicine cabinet, prepared for things to fall out, but instead all of his first aid items had been collected neatly in a basket labeled "First Aid Kit."
"He actually seems happy today." Gabriel put his hands casually in his pockets before wandering into the kitchen to plant a kiss on Balthazar's neck. "He said he met someone."
"Sam? What have I done? WHAT HAVE I DONE?" He yelled it. Sam could tell that John was in pain now; he had turned into a completely different person than he had been just moments before. Regardless of how he felt about Dean's confession, his instinct to save his son far surpassed his petty disappointment in who Dean chose to love.
They played in silence for the first few rounds, betting more enthusiastically than they should so early on.
He had heard screaming from Dean's chambers each and every night since the fire, and had heard him yelling about angels and demons. And Sam swore that he could smell burning flesh when he changed Dean's bandages each morning and evening, as though he were burning from the inside. Dean’s bright green eyes had adopted a dullness and he rarely ate. Sam was worried about how much he had started drinking as well, and hoped that whatever quest Dean was going on now would bring him back healed both emotionally and physically. Sam needed him. He was already feeling the pressure as the new head of household and was planning on proposing to Eileen that afternoon so that they could plan a wedding and set to the important task of producing an heir for the Winchester line.
The kiss was soft and hesitant at first. He found his hand moving to the back of Cas’s neck as he slowly pulled him in, asking for permission through his touch. When Cas pushed into him, kissing him back with a small whimper, it escalated quickly. The kiss became deep and desperate, their tongues sliding against each other forcibly, their bodies moving closer together as he pushed Cas up against the bedroom door, raising his arms up to either side of his head and twining their fingers together.
Sam was sitting on the counter, legs dangling, head down, and hair hanging in his face. He had been like that for the better part of an hour, and her instinct told her to let him be until the last minute - he had a lot to work through considering today's events.
He glanced at Hannah with a small side smile, hoping he wasn't scaring her away. She looked back thoughtfully at him. She had kind eyes. Dean decided he liked her.
5:30 took way too long to arrive. Dean couldn't wait to give Cas his car back - he had put on new tires, fixed the radiator, fixed the muffler, fixed the heat and AC, and did an oil change. He also took it through the car wash. After knowing Cas for 24 hours, he already lived for his rare smile. He was sure this would procure one.
“I met Frank when he brought his truck in for service at the shop - he’s friends with the owner and drives to Lawrence for tune ups. Earlier this spring we got to talking, and I found out he owns this place. He’s going to show us around. I thought you might enjoy something like this? I arranged it months ago, and he said this would be a good time of year to come because the property looks the prettiest in the fall. I thought we could learn about honeybees and have a picnic out here.” Cas still felt like there was a piece missing to the puzzle, but he was too intrigued by his surroundings to let it distract him too much.
Shortly after laying down on the cool, familiar pillow in his room, Cas heard a distressed shout from Dean’s room, and abruptly stood up, striding quickly down the hall and landing in front of Dean’s closed bedroom door. He leaned against the cool wood, hands placed on either side of his face, ear pressed against the door as he listened for any further sign of movement or distress from the other side. He saw Sam poke his head out of his own room, and relax visibly when he saw that Cas was already tending to the situation. Cas was sure that Sam needed a break from taking care of his brother.
Dean groaned weakly and his eyes flickered, but they didn't open. Cas felt for Dean's hand and it was cold as ice. His hunter's face was also dangerously cold. In a panic, he put his arms around Dean's torso and pulled him up against his own warm chest and wrapped him in his coat. Cas didn't know what to do without his powers - he had never felt so helpless. He rocked back and forth, trying to warm the limp, cold body in his arms, letting tears fall in Dean's hair.
"Are you kidding? That was awesome. And I'm the one who should say sorry. I got carried away. You made me feel so good, Cas. I'm going to be thinking about that every day until you fuck me."
"Thank you for that,” Hannah said. "He's usually shy. But he's had so much energy the last couple days. He--"
"Let's have a drink", Dean said, and grabbed the bottle of whiskey as he sat down. Cas followed suit and sat across from him.
"I got the wrong coffee filters. And I yelled at him for eating in the car." Dean thought he heard a small snicker through the phone and it made him scowl. "It's not funny, Sammy."
Then Dean did throw up. Somehow, he made it to the bathroom, but he couldn't stand up anymore. He lay on the floor, head over the toilet bowl.
"Food's up - Ben would like to serve it to you, if you're OK with that?" She smirked as Dean and Cas appeared from around the corner. Dean was a thousand percent sure she knew what was going on now and was grateful that she was rolling with it.
The studio was indeed the only unmarked building at Jack’s Crossing, and Dean soon found himself in a well lit hallway inside, bathed in the glow of what seemed like a hundred candles, surrounded by dozens of well dressed people at varying stages of drunkenness. He pushed his way through several groups as he made his way along the corridor, glancing into any room with an open door that he passed, keeping a lookout for Castiel.
“Dean’s an amazing guy. Now that I know it’s him, Cas, I’m even more excited for you. And I'm impressed. You're the one who's finally going to win Dean Winchester's heart." Gabriel winked and ruffled Cas’s hair,  trying to lighten the mood. But all he got was an eye roll before Cas put his arms on the bar and cradled his head in them.
Dean passed out in Sam's lap, repeating the same things over and over, and then falling still and silent.
The words blurred and the world stopped turning for a minute after Dean saw the four words written on the paper. He read them again. And then Cas was there in front of him on his knees, shaking and flushed.
Balthazar took a long sip from his second glass of whiskey, fixing Dean with a slight smirk. Dean noticed it and gave him a challenging look. “You got something to say to me, Balth? Let it out, man.”
“What happened Cas? How are you here? We’ve been searching for something to bring you back, but we hadn't found anything useful yet.”
"Oh my God. Why? I would never go back there if I were them. I mean...I assume Cas probably went through the same shit that Gabriel did, right?" Sam ran his hands through his hair, feeling stressed.
Dean hung up. He didn't want to start weeping. This was so ridiculous. How did he get here? He thought about Cas, and the sudden realization that Gabriel's father was Cas's father too made him see red. He punched the wall and left a hole right next to the dining room table. He punched it again, and again, until his knuckles were bleeding, and the hole was significant. Then, he went to find that bottle of whiskey that Cas had left. He needed it right now.
“Maybe this? Maybe Castiel has an explanation for all of this,” Sam said hopefully. He watched Dean open the envelope carefully, as if at any moment it might turn to ash in his hands.
It was quiet and still, but cold. The chill in the air forced Cas to wrap his coat around himself tightly and try not to shiver - Jack had granted his request to be human, which meant he felt the bite in the air keenly.
"Yeah. I know. But I've been messing up big time. We had a fight today and everything is my fault. I need to do something sooner than that. Like tomorrow."
"Sorry," Dean said sheepishly. "Your boss...expects you to drop dry-cleaning off after hours at her house?" He wrinkled his forehead and cocked an eyebrow judgmentally as he repeated the question.
Finally, Cas started to regulate his breathing, and his body slumped. He was snoring softly, and Gabriel lifted him back into his bed, covering him with the sheet. It was only 3:30, so he had 90 minutes to kill.
Dean drummed on the steering wheel after they got on the road, humming along with Metallica and smiling a lot. Sam started to worry that maybe he'd had a mental break or something.
excited him and made him tremble with desire. An ache started to form low in his stomach when Cas began exploring along the front of his jeans, but the surprise he felt by how fast this was happening simultaneously caused him to panic and he pushed away instinctually, his body on fire. His bright green eyes made contact with Cas's deep blue ones,  and he read so much passion there...so much need. He was sure they were a reflection of his own.
"Its...really great. Truly," he managed, and fidgeted with his rolled up shirt sleeves, willing the flush in his face to subside.
"Any chance you have toothpaste?” He asked, trying to relieve the tension in the room. “I can use my finger as a toothbrush, I just need…" Cas forgot what he was saying because Dean was biting his lip and concentrating on the floor. It was fucking distracting.
in June! Check it out if you're interested in donating $$ ($10 minimum) to Random Acts and having me write a fic for you!
"Nah, it's gonna be tense. I don't want Ben there. I never want him to see that side of John, you know? Kinda like I wish I hadn't ever had to see it, either." His long eyelashes brushed his cheeks when he looked down.
"Ok. Well, I can't make your mind up for you. But what you have with Cas is the best damn thing that's ever happened to you. It changed you."
"Can you call him in about an hour? I'll give you his number. He's hurting a lot right now. I think it would help him to hear from you."
"I don't know yet. But I'm going to prove myself to you. I...can't lose Jack. I miss him. I need him." He hung his head, trying to wrangle his feelings. She still didn't know about his slip up last week as far as he knew.
"Perfect. You're perfect, angel." Dean said it so many times it became a soothing hum between kisses and caresses. They didn't move for what seemed like hours, ignoring the sticky mess they had made for a little while, until Dean suggested they shower together.
. He tried to occupy his few conscious thoughts with images of him, attempting to soothe his mind with memories of their kisses and of Cas's smile and...
“I do. With Jack in charge now, I really feel like we’ve done our part. We’ve saved the world, Dean. Now it’s time for us to leave the hunting to someone else.”
Dean noticed that lately, Cas's voice went up an octave when he was particularly approving of something he had done, and he liked it. He took the opportunity to dive on to Cas, pinning his arms to the bed and kissing him deeply, coffee breath and all. He didn't even care.
Lisa excused herself from the awkward situation and returned inside. Dean gave Cas a quick glance before following her in, leaving him in the driveway with a jumbled mess of thoughts to sort through.
"Oh yes. I needed this.” Cas set the mug down after a second sip and rolled on to his back, glancing adoringly at Dean. "Thank you for the mug. And the coffee. You are amazing."
When the camera turned back on, Dean was not alone. A lanky man was standing beside him and he had a huge smile on his face and it looked so natural on him as if he had never frowned in all of his life.
During the rest of the lunch, Dean didn’t try to begin a conversation, only quipping in here and there.
The omega announced as he slipped off of the knot that had gone down. Castiel stood up after him and Michael looked at him amusedly. “Don’t get too excited. I am not a big fan of shower sex.”
On their way to school, with Dean driving Cas to school like always, Cas asked casually, “Dean, do you have any plans for today?”
DEAN: Maybe? I don’t know man, like I said I’m figuring things out. (clears his throat) Well, what about you, Sam? You gonna keep on walking down this road? (thinks for a moment and speaks with a mischievous tone) Tell me, is Eileen gonna be my sister-in-law soon? Because I’m 100% okay with that, by the way, if I wasn’t clear about it already.
“Oh. Hello, I don’t believe we have been introduced. A pleasure to meet you, I am Charlie Bradbury.”
That made Dean bristle and he couldn’t help but burst out with, “Just like that? You can just snap your finger and decide that you wanna date me but snap again and you are back to being my friend?”
“I just did.” Cas shrugged nonchalantly, but the corners of his mouth were shifting upwards by a fraction. Smug bastard.
Dean broke into a huge grin as he replied, “Now that’s an offer I couldn’t possibly resist. Rain check?”
As the sophomore year rolled in, Dean came back from his home back to their apartment and they were quite comfortable around each other - even chores were divided evenly amongst the two of them based on their preferences. It was a nice feeling to spend most of his time with someone he likes being around.
“Something like that, yes. But I would like to take you out to dates as well. Watch movies, then go to a diner and-“
His belief in determinism was nothing of childish hopefulness nor naïve optimism. He had a secondhand experience of how fate can shape one's life: his father. His father was something akin to a living legend. He had built up his own empire from a small company that he had started. He would always say that business management was his natural talent, and he only became successful because he followed the natural order of things.
“But you do like him,” Sam pointed out. “And it’s not a bad thing, Dean. Those worries you make, they are just possibilities. Since when were you so worried about the ‘what-if’s anyway?”
“But don’t I get a thank you card or something? After all, you wouldn’t have had the ball to date him if it weren’t for my ingenious planning.”
He knew he would eventually have to go back home, but he wasn't going to return to his old self. No, he felt like something in him had changed. That is why he went to a tattoo parlor – again, for the first time – because he wanted to mark down his act of rebellion in a permanent way. He wanted to leave a mark of his own on his path, no matter how small it may be, and what better than putting in on your skin for the world to see? He liked how poetic it sounded. He hoped that someday he could draw all over the perfect picture his parents already drew out for him.
“You have a stench of an omega all over your coat, Castiel. Now, I don’t care about your private sex life outside of work, but I thought you would at least have the decency to change your clothes before coming here,” Crowley, his boss, drawled. “Clearly, I was wrong.”
SAM: No, Dean, that’s great! I’m happy for you. Truly. (looks at Dean with a genuine smile) Are you thinking about retiring all together?
Sitting on the edge of his bed, Castiel carefully lifted up the business card that Charlie gave him toward the ceiling. He took one last long look at it before he stood up to put the card above the shelf, where it would stay until he mustered enough courage to pay Charlie a visit. That meant a very long time since he didn’t even have the audacity to confess his feeling to Dean for a year. Castiel knew he was being a coward, but it was better than getting hurt.
“My name is Castiel. I usually come here for a coffee in the mornings and I happened to see him yesterday, both on and off work. Today I came here because I want to... no, I need to tell him something.”
Castiel wanted to take time to prep him, not wanting to risk hurting him, but the man was already fucking himself. He pushed himself toward the alpha’s tongue and the fingers and he moaned, “Please fuck me, alpha.”
“Hey, don’t worry too much. Now that I know what’s going on, I will just keep my eyes on the both of you.”
He quickly slipped out of the embrace and put as much distance between them as possible without being so obvious of his discomfort. After that, things were pretty normal with Dean casually flirting and getting physical with anyone who comes up to him.
He flushed at the omega’s words, even though that was not at all what Castiel had in mind. Knowing his protest would only make his accusation seem more viable, he just sighed and laid back down on the bed.
Cas was looking at him funny and it took Dean a moment to realize that he had just spoken his thought out loud.
SAM: I’m not Sad Sam. I’m just, (sighs) I’m also thinking about Cas, you know? And Jack. I miss them.
Although he was still very much against the idea of dating his best friend, having a deadline to this whole “date” thing left a bitter aftertaste. Why this bothered him so much, however, Dean himself had no idea.
Ha, for once he could actually outsmart Charlie on a discussion. “See? Even though I’m bi, I don’t think of you that way. You’re like a sister I don’t want to have and he’s like a brother... I guess I’m ok with having?” Dean frowned because this was definitely not how his sentence should’ve ended.
The tip of Cas’ nose was slightly red and Dean had a growing suspicion that Cas might have been standing in front of the door for a while. Nonetheless, he pushed that thought aside and grinned at him.
One day, Castiel buried his head in Dean’s favorite leather jacket, taking in the fading scent of Dean. Until something fell out of the pocket. It was a neatly folded piece of paper albeit a bit greasy but Castiel carefully unfolded it. On the top, it was written in Dean’s scribble ‘100 and 1 things Castiel should try out’.
Bobby had always been a family friend but for a while after both his wife and Dean’s mom died in the same fire, caused by Dean’s father, he had been distant. Mostly Dean was grateful that his father hadn’t pushed him away entirely, because otherwise, he and Sammy would probably have ended up in foster care. Dean wasn't sure he would be able to handle losing Sammy, he was the last thread he had to his family.
Cas just shrugged. They fell into a comfortable silence. Dean struggled to find anything to say, anything that didn’t involve asking Cas on a date that is.
“You’re looking wonderful today, and why did you cut the lavender?” Cas leant to smell the bouquet Dean had placed on the table.
“That will be two dollars please.” The woman smiled, waiting for Dean to grab the change from his pocket.
Dean could risk it and buy it. But at the same time, if he came home with a pizza that wasn’t vegetarian, his brother would probably slaughter him.
“I don’t need to be fluent, I just need a B in the next test.” Dean grumbled, riffling through his maths folder to find the offending failing grade. He found the paper, appalled by the amount of red on the page and handed it over for Cas to look at.
Dean stood slowly. Everything in his body was drained and heavy. He had no motivation to move. No motive to talk. But Sam was calling him. It sounded urgent.
A new voice called from the kitchen door. Sam’s hackles raised and he grabbed his gun. He looked at the new figure standing in front of them.
“I’m so sorry this happened, Mr Winchester. Mr Novak has told me everything. If you’d like to come with me, we’ll get everything sorted.” Mr Roman said, extending a hand to Sam.
He had always hoped to hear those words, Dean knew that now. Slumped against the cold concrete, he knew that he had been holding his breath subconsciously all these years. He had been waiting, too afraid to admit it first. He just never expected to hear them.
Steve shook his head. “I’m always working the dead shift, while I’m getting through college. So, I haven’t really had a chance to meet anyone.”
Dean flinched. “God no... Sorry, I didn’t mean to stare. It’s just that I’ve never met someone so... out.”
“Thanks for this. I know that after this morning, you probably think I’m just a mess.” Cas was worrying at his sleeves, not looking at Dean as they walked the halls. Dean caught his breath and tried not to think about how adorable the trait was.
When Dean had finished visually checking his little brother was unharmed, he forced him behind and acted as a shield.
The man’s smile dimmed ever so slightly, “I’m sure your girlfriend will. I’ll ring you up if that’s everything.”
“Didn’t you find it strange that you could defeat God? How were you able to this time, when until now you were still following whatever he wrote?” the new death added.
The confidence he was barely clinging to drained out of him when he looked to the counter and noticed a woman behind the till.
Tomorrow I’ll be gone. Hopefully, I’ll be gone before you wake. I can’t imagine saying goodbye to you, not knowing if I’ll ever say hello again. All I can say is look after yourself. Stay alive, please. And if I never say it to you again… Cas, I love you with all my heart, all my soul. I will fight til the ends of the earth for you, I will go to hell and suffer for you, I will trade my life for you. You will forever and always be my one and only love. Never forget that. Never doubt that.
Dean gripped the frame tightly. He couldn’t believe it. He had to be hallucinating. Cas was gone. There was no way he was standing in front of him right no-
Cas’ head jerked up at the comment. He tilted his head and Dean found himself pinned by an intense stare.
“Dean your grades aren’t slipping because they’re already the lowest you can get without failing. Dean you’ve averaged a C in every class for the last year. I know you’re better than that. Please just try for me. This is your last year here, try to make the best of it.”
He tugged on Cas’ sleeve to try and pull him away from the center of the ever growing crowd, but Cas was too engrossed. Sighing, Dean followed him into the mass of students. To his dismay, the crowd parted like water. He could hear whispers and he knew that people were expecting a fight.
Dean had promised himself he wouldn’t get into any fights on the first day of school but once he recognised the raised voices he couldn’t help himself.
What if it wasn’t you who sent it, but one of your superiors. What if it was a letter telling me you died? What if you weren’t coming back…
The next time Dean finished a long shift, he was more awake. He had managed to catch a couple hours in the middle because there wasn’t any emergencies called in. The most action he saw was a minor kitchen fire, which they put out within ten minutes.
Dean took his time walking around the store, making it look like he was going to buy something and ended up just grabbing a bag of chips.
When Cas started talking about another way, Dean couldn’t help himself. He allowed himself to have a small amount of hope. That tiny bud of hope, the only thing he has had when the impossible was facing him.
The new death shrugged. “Possibly. It all depends on what you do now. You see, there’s a God sized hole in the universe and there’s only one person who can fill it.”
Sam had sent him a list of groceries again and Dean pulled into the 24 hour store. He could wait until later today, but he might as well get it out of the way now.
It’s not so simple for me. Every time I enter the bakery, I think of the first time we met. When you ordered a small black coffee and an apple pie. I had told you we had run out, but you insisted. You had parked yourself on a barstool and refused to leave until I made a new one. It had taken an hour and during that time, you had served each of the customers while I was out back. Your charm had convinced every one of them into buying a pastry or cookie. I was in awe.
Dean frowned, slightly hurt by the comment. And okay, yes. Dean had taken a few beatings in freshman year, so maybe he built up a reputation. And maybe that reputation made it look like he was a bully... Or a bad guy. But he thought Sammy knew him better than that. He thought he could trust that at least his little brother still saw the best in him.
Dean flushed. “Okay, okay. My name is Dean. Dean Winchester. And I would love to go on a date with you.”
“Yeah, I was new at the time and they just let me use Steve’s tag. He left like a couple days before I started, and they hadn’t had a chance to make me one. Company policy requires me to wear a name tag, even if it isn’t my own name.”
“I love you” he blurted out. He was shocked that it came to him so easily. He had only said that to three people in his life: his mother, his brother and his adoptive father, Bobby.
“That’s not true Cassie. He’s pissed that you came to live with me and mum because now he’s stuck having to control the fights between Luke and dad. You know how they blow up. Remember the last one? You ended up in hospital.” The shorter boy muttered before shoving the lolly back into his mouth.
already five minutes late. He had a feeling Shurley's late pass wouldn't stretch to his younger brother as well.
He had already cleaned the dishes and wiped down the mess he had made while cooking dinner. He readjusted the placements on the table. The bouquet of home grown lavender resting neatly in a vase at the centre with their matching plates and cutlery side by side.
I think I may add in other character letters as well. Could be interesting to write from other perspectives.
Dean was confused. He looked up and found himself staring at a familiar man. It was the store clerk from a few days ago.
I went to check up on him the other day and he was standing at one of the tables, cleaning the same spot for two hours. Gabe is kinda freaking out, he’s never seen Cas act like this.
Fully standing, the boy was only a few inches shorter than Dean, which let Dean get a really good look at the large purple bruise that was starting to form on the boy’s jaw.
Sam’s hand stilled and he turned to look at his brother. Dean couldn’t meet his eye, the lump in his throat threatening to choke him. There was an unbearably long pause before Sam spoke again.
The lump started groaning and it slowly unfolded into a more human form. Dean’s breath stalled. The boy was stunning. Messy dark curls topped a pale angular face. Long lashes framed big bright blue eyes. As he moved to stand, Dean noticed he had a thin but lean body covered in a soft blue sweater and long legs wrapped in dark skinny jeans.
That’s when Dean knew. That’s why now he was sitting next to Cas, the box burning a hole through his nice jeans.
“Are you okay? Did you forget something?” Dean asked, looking past Cas to see if he could spot anything on the floor. He noticed the short boy from earlier still with them, he was beaming. Apparently he had heard Dean's sorry excuse for an apology as well.
“I’m guessing you’re the new death then?” Sam lowered his gun as he took in the familiar scythe and dark clothing.
“I’m so sorry Dean. I thought I would be out of here by six but I’m only just leaving the office now. I should be home in ten minutes.”
Cas surged forward and planted a kiss on his lips. Dean could taste the honey from Cas’ sandwiches, and the salt from his tears.
Sam has been well, he’s been keeping busy. He’s focused on two pro bono cases right now as well as teaching a first year law course. Apparently, throwing himself into work has kept his mind off of you.
Dean woke up to the loud ringing of first bell. Apparently, he had slept right through home room again, he had promised Mr Singer he wouldn’t do that this year. He shuffled out of his seat and made his way to the front. Mr Singer was staring at him and there was a slight downward turn to his mouth. Dean sighed and came to a stop in front of the desk. He waited for the majority of the class to leave, mentally psyching himself up for the lecture he was about to receive.
The second time you came in, I was ready with an apple pie, but you smiled and asked for a pumpkin one instead. Again, you welcomed the customers, while I baked. On your third visit, I realised that you didn’t know what pie you wanted until you knew which one was out of stock. When confronted, you admitted that you were deliberately wanting to spend more time with me. I told you we could do that over a drink.
“I’m home!” Cas called, dropping his keys into the dish next to the door and shrugging off the brown trench coat that was a staple of his outfit.
Dean had nothing to say. There was a hole, a void, a vacuum, in the bunker. There was a cold emptiness seeping in.
“When Dean first struck Billie with the scythe, it was fatal. Any wound by the scythe is fatal, no matter how big or small.”
And yes, I did tell you that I wouldn't write to you while I'm away. And that I don't want you to write to me either; that it's sappy and cliché, but watching you lying in our bed, wearing my t-shirt…
I know I don’t say it enough, that you question my feelings, but I promise you, if I make it out, I will tell you every day, every hour, every minute. I love you, Castiel. Don’t ever doubt it.
Cas blushed, he was always embarrassed when Dean told that part of their story. How for weeks they didn’t know each other’s names.
Maybe he should cut more lavender? Before he could decide, Cas’ key slid into the lock and the door swung open.
His movements were sluggish. As if he was moving through treacle. Step after step until he reached the door. It creaked open and Dean’s knees buckled.
Dean shook his head. “No, I meant that pizza wasn’t for my girlfriend. Sammy’s my brother. I was just so exhausted that I didn’t catch what you said until I got home. I was just coming off of a 20 hour shift and I hadn’t had a chance to sleep.”
Apparently, he had driven Charlie up the walls with how much he was talking about his late night shops with the adorable shop clerk. She had told him to either suck it up or ask the guy out.
Dean looked over Luke’s shoulder. “Oh sure. Beating up on a kid counts as family business. Just get out of here Mikey. You know one more sanction and you’re suspended. That would be an interesting start to your senior year. Pretty sure
“Well, it’s nice to meet you Dean. You think you could help me find my home room? I think it’s with Mr Singer?”
Dean only realised what the man had said when he landed in his bed twenty minutes later. He huffed a laugh and fell asleep.
“I’m okay Dean. Cas and Benny stopped them before it got too bad. I’m just staying here while they go to Mr Roman.” Sam whispered hoarsely. He had opened his eyes, ever so slightly, and had relaxed his curl.
Dean clicked off the phone and rested it on the kitchen table. Okay, Dean could stay calm for ten minutes. Well, he could stay distracted.
Dean nodded. “Well, not gonna lie, I could use all the help I can get. Maths is like another language to me.”
Dean looked up and found himself staring up at Cas’ big blue eyes. He seemed concerned, the crease between his eyebrows was back and his mouth was turned downwards.
“But Bobby, my grades aren’t slipping. At least they weren’t last year! I’m doing the work.” Dean tried to argue.
The new death nodded solemnly. “Ever since you exploded, the empty has been more awake than ever. It’s pissed. I haven’t been able to calm it down yet. I was hoping you could.”
Dean nodded. “Okay, yes that’s our anniversary of our first date. But I’m celebrating the anniversary of the first time I knew I wanted to date you. A year ago, today, I walked into the store, fully intending to ask ‘Steve’ out on a date.”
Gabe came to help with the bakery. He’s not very good at the savoury goods but at least he can bake cookies. Charlie and Bobby love them, and they’ve been selling like hot cakes. It’s great because I haven’t been able to bake a pie since you left. The closest I’ve come is baking a loaf of bread, which I burnt.
“Can I help you?” a low voice called from down the aisle. He looked up to see the store clerk hovering.
He sensed something was off a second before he turned the corner. Once he was on the stairs, his heart fell to his stomach.
Dean frowned, he was sure it hadn’t been that long since he saw the man. Maybe he had lost track of the days, he was working way more shifts than he used to.
Cas had been waiting for two weeks for the mysterious firefighter with beautiful green eyes, to walk back into the store.
Maybe Dean had decided he didn’t want to date Cas. Maybe he didn’t like him and was only being polite. Cas told himself not to worry, that Dean was probably just late and would walk through the door any minute.
Bobby shook his head, “I know you were sleeping in some of your other classes last year too, Dean. Now, I’ve let you come and go as you want because you’re eighteen, and I’m not your dad. But if you keep coming home late and sleeping through school, I’m going to have to put my foot down.”
Luke chuckled and stood back, Michael stepping up to flank him. Dean grabbed Sam’s shoulder and squeezed. Sam nodded, not looking at him. It was a method they used to use when dad was especially drunk, and they needed to check in with each other silently.
Finally, Cas spoke. “I’m so sorry you had to deal with that Dean. I understand what it’s like to have a toxic person in your life. I hope you’re in a better situation now.”
P.S. I'm doing well, I went to mom's grave yesterday and left a tulip for her. I asked her to watch over you while you're over there.
“You’re really here. How are you here?” Dean whispered hoarsely. He could feel tears forming again. He wrapped his arms around Cas tightly and breathed deep. He felt Cas’ arms wind around him slowly.
I’ve also been looped into teaching a beginner’s baking class. I’m not really sure how it happened, but I have a feeling Sam roped Ellen into pulling some strings. I keep seeing familiar faces at the community college. Charlie signed up for my class, she is a disaster in the kitchen, and Benny comes to eat with me if I have an afternoon class.
Apparently, his ‘just about passing’ grade last year, had officially slid into failing. He had to do a make up test and get at least a B or fail the entire module. Wouldn’t that be a great start to his senior year.
That will be the last one for a while though, I’m going on mission soon and I don’t know when I’ll be back. I didn’t tell Cas, he might worry.
Cas sat and nervously fiddled with his sleeve. He hoped he hadn’t dressed up too much. He was wearing a light blue shirt that Gabriel had told him would make his eyes pop. He was wearing his nicest jeans, but only because all of his others were torn and dirty from all the gardening he had been doing recently.
Hey little bro, I sent a letter to Cas, make sure he gets it. Thank you for making me get my ass into gear. I wasn’t thinking about how much Cas would be hurting.
Dean felt on top of the world. “Well, I’ll catch you later Cas. If I don’t get this to my brother, I have a feeling he may just pass out and die.”
It’s been five days since they saved the world. A week since they lost everyone. Dean didn’t expect to survive, he knew it was a suicide mission.
Of course, their relationship had its ups and downs. They both struggled when Dean’s work meant that they wouldn’t see each other for days. They had fights about the garden, the laundry and the stray cat that Cas kept feeding. But they always made up.
He wanted to wait at least five minutes before following the little tyke through the rusting double doors, but while he waited, tapping his fingers along to AC/DC, he heard a thud sound near his trunk.
Steve finished scanning the shopping and rung him up. Dean handed over the money and smiled. “Well thank you, Steve. Maybe I’ll see you again sometime.”
Dean checked the clock again. Cas had told him that he should be finishing at six today. Dean had timed everything according to that. But it’s been an hour since and Dean was concerned.
He rubbed his eyes, it was another long shift at work today. They had to fight an office building fire, it had taken hours to control and die down and Dean’s muscles ached from the exertion.
The boy, Cassie?, rubbed the back of his head. “Yeah, alright, maybe that’s the reason. Anyways, my name is Castiel. But you can call me Cas. You’re Dean?”
“When you exploded in the empty, you didn’t die because the empty wasn’t as powerful as God. You did, however, absorb some of it. Now the empty is much older than God, almost as old as death. So, it sort of boosted your power. Made you an ancient being. Your split heritage made you more powerful than God. Part human, part archangel, part God destroyer and part empty. And that is why you are more than enough to fill God’s role.”
I just couldn’t help myself, I had to write it down. How I felt. Looking over at you, sleeping peacefully, it’s the first time that I have stopped myself from curling up in your arms. I had to drag myself away, because if I let myself stay, well, I would never leave.
“Thank you. Michael was being a prick for no particular reason.” The boy said, with a voice so low and gruff, Dean thought it may be illegal.
Those two words were echoing in his head. From the moment Cas had dragged him into the dungeon, Dean had known there was no hope. He had been ready to die. He had hoped that Billie might have killed him first. That would have been easier.
“So, I work a lot of long shifts, but I have a day off on Thursday. So, how about dinner and a movie?”
Dean’s hands curled into fists at his sides. He didn’t want to get into a fight today, but he would if he heard another word about Sam.
Dean lunged forward and grabbed fistfuls of the familiar material. He buried his head into Cas’ shoulder.
Dean had come back to the store the very next night, exactly at 3 am to ask for Cas’ number. Cas rattled it off and watched as Dean saved it into his battered phone.
The clerk stepped around Dean and pulled open a fridge. Within a few minutes, he had replaced the pizza box with another.
He was extremely late for his date with Cas. He hoped the frantic text Dean had sent reached Cas. He hoped he hadn’t royally messed up his chances.
I just found your letter. How dare you leave me without telling me you wrote to me. When I found it, I wept. You’ve been away for a week, and I feel hollow. The place you occupy in my person is empty. There is nothing that can replace you, nothing to tide me over. I’m counting down the hours until I see your face again. Until I can hold you in my arms. Until we can fall asleep together, in our bed.
“Of course. Yes!” Cas was kneeling on the floor with Dean now, his hands holding Dean’s face gently.
Dean tore Luke’s hand off of his chest and stepped closer, crowding him. Fear flicked in Luke’s eyes for a second before he returned to a mask of indifference.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I guess when you said you wouldn’t write to me… you meant it. It’s been over two weeks since you left. I haven’t heard from you since but I’m assuming no news is good news. At least that’s what Sam said.
The new death laughed. “Jack, didn’t you notice something different about yourself when you came back from the empty?”
“So, I can meet you after school today and we can get started? It'll have to be after five because I have swim practice.”
“Ah. Yes, sorry. Can you just tell me what pizza this is? My eyes have given up on me.” Dean held the box out to the man, attempting a smile that was quite possibly a grimace.
Dean had been on high alert for almost a week. He had been watching out for Luke and Michael and making sure Sam always had someone to walk him to class.
The worst part was that Dean hadn’t even sent him a text. Cas would have been fine if he had just let him know. He checked his phone and realised he could make his shift after all. At least he could earn some money tonight.
Dean clamped down on his rising rage and tried to focus on the dark head in front of him. Eventually, Dean found himself at the front of the crowd, students pressing up against his back trying to get a good view. Dean was so focused on Cas, he hadn’t noticed exactly who was in the centre, but now he had full view. He was shocked to find Sam standing in front of him.
This past month without you has been hard. Getting up and not seeing your smile. Not having your blueberry pancakes on Tuesdays. Not being able to read with you when it rains.
Bobby had finally given the all clear and Dean didn’t even grab a shower. He legged it to his car and sped to the only place he knew Cas could be.
“Okay,” Dean answered grudgingly before he added teasingly, “Although I don’t think you should be the one giving advice. I mean, how many times did you go out on a date? Oh, that’s right, none.”
Castiel was more than happy to oblige and he snapped his hips, angling for the prostate with each thrust. Michael also moved his hips, trying to meet his thrust and his pink lips, slightly swollen from kissing, were open and the broken sound of his moan flooded out.
DEAN: (looks over to Sam incredulously) Are you actually suggesting me that I should drink more often?
“Since I was happy as long as you were. That’s why I would have never confessed to you, except you seemed so unhappy with all your past dates and I wanted you to see how easily we already fit into our lives, how nothing would have to change and... that maybe I am the one who understands you the most.“
Kansas University was not on the top of his list, but there was a specific reason why he wanted to go there instead of any other universities: because Gabriel would be there. Gabriel was not just his cousin, he was like a big brother he didn't want to have. He was supportive he claimed that Castiel had finally "grown a pair" to make his own choices. Maybe so – after all, he had chosen Philosophy and Art as his majors. The subjects his father degrades as unproductive and unprofitable. Castiel was more than pleased about his selection of his majors, except the fact that the first thought which popped up in his mind was how hard it would be to get a decent job when graduating had left a bitter taste in his mouth.
It was confusing at the least and hurtful at the most, so Castiel was thrilled to catch Dean by surprise when he was waiting for Gabriel in his dormitory. Well, it was unexpected for Castiel as well, since Gabriel hadn't spoken much of his roommate. Dean shifted his eyes like he is unsure how to react until he stuttered out, "Cas?"
Just as quickly as the words left his mouth, the omega turned his back toward him and waved him off.
“Well, Cas, I am going to turn this off for now. I’ll keep an eye on Dean and make sure he eats the salad, yeah?”
A cheerful voice interrupted Dean and he rolled his eyes but he stared at the person behind the camera affectionately.
That is why Dean sighed happily, as he finally pulled the car up to the driveway of his home. He has lost the friendly argument between the two of them as to who gets to drop off whom.
Great, now he was beginning to gushing over Cas like he was some sort of a lovesick teenage girl mooning over her crush. Dean groaned inwardly because this was definitely not how this “trial” date thing was supposed to go down.
one in my life so I didn’t really feel the need to define our relationship in a conventional way. But that’s only half of the truth. The other half... I didn’t want to tie you down with me. You deserve a much better person than me, and I was so scared shitless that if I give you all my trust and love to you, you’d someday leave me behind and I didn’t want to get my hopes up just to get let down. I know you’d never do that... but things can change.”
It wasn’t fair how Dean had died of the most common yet non-natural cause like a car accident. The truck driver was apparently sleep-deprived and made a wrong turn, inevitably crashing into Dean’s beloved Baby. The man had enough conscience to call for medics but Dean was already a lost cause. According to Sam, the medics had said that Dean was ‘lucky’ – quick and swift death, instead of hazing through the unconscious state.
Since the sidewalk was too small for two teenagers to walk side by side, Dean usually walked on the side of the road. Cas would always frown at him and tell him to get back up on the sidewalk but Dean easily waved him off, because he liked walking next to Cas. Even if they don’t really talk so much on the way. Just like now with Cas spacing out to who-knows-where and Dean kicking a few of the pebbles out of his way and beginning to hum Led Zeppelin songs under his breath.
Charlie was clearly egging Dean on and Dean’s eyes twinkled with playfulness before he took long strides toward her.
Dean had changed the lyric so that he sang ‘kind man’ when it should be ‘kind woman’. Despite his off-key singing, the crowd didn’t seem to mind since they either have never heard of the original song or sang along with Dean because they do know the song.
A month has passed since then. One day, he had come out of the shower and felt self-conscious when he saw Dean staring at his half-naked body. Dean was not a morning person, so it was rare for him to be awake at this time. Not knowing he'd be awake, Castiel had been humming to himself and had only a towel wrapped around his waist. He knew he wouldn't look too bad since he always goes for a run every day, but he realized this was the first time Dean had seen his tattoos.
Cas didn’t look convinced at all but he did let the topic drop, which Dean was quite grateful for. Unfortunately, that meant that they had fallen into an uncomfortable silence. Dean said some random things to ease this tension but it seemed to have only backfired, as they exchanged rather awkward goodbyes before heading inside their homes.
She quickly handed the camera to Dean and scampered to the doorstep. After the door closed behind her, Dean held the camera so that he would be on the screen again.
When they finally arrived at school Dean dropped Cas off as usual, before finding a suitable parking place for his Baby. Dean carefully packed the pie inside his backpack and carried it across his shoulder. He decided that he definitely won’t walk out on Cas, especially not after he got a pie from him, just like he promised he would.
Two weeks later, Dean suggested throwing a housewarming party. Castiel himself was not a party person, but he caved when Dean brought it up. His eyes sparkled with excitement and Hell be damned if he was about to put that fire out.
Castiel caught himself daydreaming again about the night at Gabriel's house party in January when Dean and he almost kissed. He really should have kissed Dean, if he knew his thought would drift off to that night every now and then. But this small regret could be overlooked because he didn't want to jeopardize his friendship with Dean.
Dean tried to brush him off until he noticed his tie and tried to fix it. For some reason Castiel couldn't guess, Dean acted like fixing Castiel's tie was the only thing that mattered. He tried a couple of times until he couldn't and he looked devastated as he mumbled that he'd like to go home. Castiel took him home without asking, wondering all the way why fixing his ties mattered so much.
A quiet apology was not at all what Dean was expecting and Dean’s head snapped up to meet his gaze. “Why are you saying sorry?”
