He didn't know what he expected to see at Cas' house, or really why Cas has kept him away from it for so long, but this was not it. The place was
[literallybatman] i suppose not
"Thank you guys, seriously." Sam replied jumping up from the couch to grab his backpack, frantically running around the apartment.. "Yeah I'm still here, I'm leaving now.." He practically yelled into the phone, nearly dropping it, as he hopped into his untied shoes on the way out the door.
sleeping with other people?" Dean asked, in what he hoped was not hurt and vaguely accusatory voice.
"Dean.." Mary sighed out, features softening, and took a step closer.
Sam snorted a laugh and Cas covered his mouth, presumably stifling his own laughter. Dean side-eyed them both.
"No, but I wasn't prone to before."
"Dean, let me go."
"Oh!" Jo exclaimed, "Have you never been to one? They always have one in the spring."
"Pie?" He asked hopefully.
He stroked his thumb over the edge of the name plate and gave a dry chuckle.
but in all honesty if he was going to get into anything involving penetration he would be a little lost. He had seen enough porn to not make a fool of himself, but had enough understanding to know that anything he was going to do was in no way going to happen like that. He didn't even know if he was a top or a bottom.
[literallybatman]
“Really, Dean. I’m fine with your mother. It gives me more time to digest and enjoy a slice of pie.”
Dean nodded his head quietly, as Mary ducked back into the living room to return to her TV show. He sighed again and trudged back in to his room, collapsing into his computer chair. His message window with Benny was still open and waiting.
Sam hung up the phone and turned in towards the living room, giving them both a confused look.
Dinner was eaten in contented silence, the three of them chewing and occasionally laughing and Dean’s yummy noises. Mary finished before the boys could and went digging through the fridge, resurfacing with a bottle of white wine.
[southern_comfort] you gotta be kidding me
The first color shot he found was cropped from collar bone to hip, a strip of red lace holding the base of his reddening cock to his stomach, tip peeking out and drooling precome over the lace band Dean could only assume went
He yanked his bag up off the floor and rushed out of the classroom, eyes down, knocking full force into a warm body. He adjusted his glasses and looked up, meeting a familiar pair of dark rimmed blue eyes. Castiel was opening his mouth to speak, but Dean flat-out didn’t care.
Dean made a face at her, laughing, while Inias took a step into the circle.
"What?"
[thrsdy_bby]
"I'm literally asking you to leave the room for like 15 seconds."
"Ha," Dean said, pointing in his brother's face. "
"Boys could you move your backpacks from the bottom of the stairs?" Mary called out from the doorway, stepping over the offending bags, balancing a big paper bag of take-out in her arms. The boys bounded down the stairs quickly when they heard her voice. Sam swiped the backpacks and lugged them back upstairs as Dean snagged the bag out of out of his mother’s hands.
[literallybatman] yeah
"You said it yourself. You don’t care. So," Castiel shrugged, "you don’t need my shit, you’ve clearly got enough of your own."
. He wasn’t sure what it meant, but he was definitely sure he wanted to know what that bed was like.
Dean took a deep breath, summoned his courage, and gathered his things to head into class.
[literallybatman] i mean he's my friend, but fuck that
It wasn't as if Dean didn't have experience. He had dated a few people before, girls and guys. And by his own standards it had been pretty intense while it lasted. But as far as he had ever gotten was a few rushed handjobs in the dark. He told himself that decidedly meant
He hesitated a moment, and then clicked
“Mom! It’s a totally normal day. I told you I didn’t want a big event or anything. I didn’t even mention it to Cas, he just wants me to do a little car maintenance for him.” Dean replied grumpily, straightening his glasses on his face.
He made it halfway to the door texting and walking before he bumped into somebody. He lifted his eyes to apologize, but before the words could leave his mouth he was met with a familiar blue gaze.
Dean didn't miss the dirty look Cas gave him, but Sam did, so he didn't mind.
"This isn't very comfortable at all." Cas mumbled against Dean's mouth.
[thrsdy_bby] Not sweet enough for you I’m afraid
“It was just so stupid. I was so scared and alone and any time I even thought for a second
“If I can make one person physically sick a day, I feel like I’ve done my job.” She said with a smile.
“I have a raid this weekend,” Charlie said without looking up from her phone. “But depending on what time everything goes down I can make an appearance.”
[thrsdy_bby] such a shame
Dean opened the guy’s askbox and turned on anon.
He sighed and stared at the phone number on his arm, thunking his head against the glass again.
“Take another left up ahead, then stay right, there's a dirt turn-off.” Cas said as he kept looking around the road.
[literallybatman] err fuck
He made to Sam’s school and home without issue. Mary had left a note, she’d be off work at eight, so Dean had some time to kill. He left Sam to his homework and ventured upstairs to his computer. He set skype to
over his shoulder for the millionth time since they met.
“I got it mom.” Dean said, sticking his face in the bag and giving it a deep inhale. “What did you get?”
“You’re going to eat all that?” She balked at the overflowing tray of food and foodstuffs.
[literallybatman] a lot better, ya know?
"If you’re going to hover, you could come help me, sweetheart."
"Yeah!" Dean returned and jogged back up to the house, Cas in tow.
Cas smiled back and snatched them from Dean's hand. And if he leaned a little closer to than necessary Dean, neither of them said anything.
. He stomped back into the room and snatched up Dean's hand, yanking him up from the ground and towards the door. Michael stayed in the hallway, arms crossed and trying yet again to call Castiel's name, but to no avail. He pulled Dean back down the hall, and it was all he could do to hang onto Cas' hand and keep his glasses on his face.
Cas wound his arm around Dean's waist and nuzzled his nose against his neck, humming contentedly. Dean all but melted against the contact, placing his glasses on the bedside table before wiggling back against the other boy. He could feel Cas smile and nuzzle just a little deeper. He had waited a long time to be intertwined like this again.
"There's an annual cookout?" Cas asked, snatching a handful of fries off of Dean's tray.
“Wanna make flashcards?” He asked with a cheesy grin, holding up a pack of note cards from his bag.
Cas Novak in a seat facing his on the opposite side of the room. And looking at him with his stupid eyebrow quirked in a confused expression. Making eye contact with those stupid gorgeous blue eyes Dean always loved.
Charlie laughed and gave a little wave to some people walking by and turned to Jo. “Soo… Meg. What’s going on there?”
"You should tell him that, he might understand."
His first class of the day was English 11 and he was intensely bored with it. They were discussing The Great Gatsby in class and if he had to hear one more comment about how romantic Gatsby’s love of Daisy was he was going to up-chuck. It was like reading Romeo & Juliet freshman year all over again. He took his same seat towards the back of class and popped in his headphones, listening to Metallica and waiting for the bell. He still had a good ten minutes so he took out his phone and opened up his tumblr app and started scrolling through the posts he missed while sleeping. Not a whole lot of new stuff. Some more screenshots from the new Hobbit trailer, more Hiddleston fan girls, apparently they had announced a date for Sherlock, a few firefly gifs, some surprisingly graphic gay porn, Doctor Who meta regarding the 50th special. It was all the same shit he always saw. It was like his dash was on a big loop. He put his phone away, telling himself he’d find some new blogs to follow when he got home, as long as he wasn’t swimming in homework. He pushed his glasses up on his nose and tucked his face into his arms to wait for class to start.
Dean was ahead on his English book and his only homework for the week was to read a few chapters, so he was as good as set for the night. He headed up to his room and opened his laptop.
[southern_comfort] you hung up on him didn’t you?
[literallybatman] and then he just like left me
"Dean, I have seen you naked. I don't understand why its necessary for me to leave the room so you can vacate your bladder."
“Good,” Dean yelled back, following her up the circle drive to the schools gallery entrance. “Because you still haven’t seen Voyager. Janeway friggin' rules and you’ll love it.”
"So is Charlie coming?"
[southern_comfort] and obviously he understands you don’t wanna talk to him
“What?” She chided back, “when was this?”
[literallybatman]
[southern_comfort] taking the lady out for a romantic weekend
"With you?" Cas laughed back skeptically.
[thrsdy_bby] Obviously a video chat would be a fantastic way to spend our time
[thrsdy_bby] We’ve all got boundaries
[thrsdy_bby] God the things I would do to you.
[literallybatman] like what
When he came to there were kids swarming around his car, running to buses and getting in cars and his phone in his lap had a new text.
“They are.”
Dean gave a thumbs up and continued nearly inhaling his pizza slice.
[literallybatman] brb
“I have Christmas off this year. Not Christmas Eve though, so we’ll have our big dinner on Christmas.” Mary replied.
The last class of the day went smoothly and before Dean knew it he was walking out of the school. He knew he wouldn’t be home for a while, but that didn’t bug him. He was just glad to be out of there and have his mind off Cas. He hopped in the impala and drove to Sam’s middle school, parked in the circle drive and waited. He knew he had a good half hour before Sam was out so he pulled his phone to check his six new texts.
[literallybatman]
I hope you know you were my own little jerk off fantasy tonight.
[thrsdy_bby]
“I will figure out something else.” He said, retracting his finger guns.
Dean sighed to himself and finished up his shower.
"Dude, go. But don't take forever."
[literallybatman] who like used to be my best friend or whatever
“I’m fuckin’ starving, man.” Dean mumbled, shoving half a slice of pizza into his mouth and unwrapping his twinkies.
"If there's nothing else you need help with, I'm going to take Anna home now."
[literallybatman] so are you
Fuck. Sam.
“I did the spark plugs and the belt and got it ready for an oil change. I’m not done with everything, but I’m out of sunlight, so it’d be a little too difficult to continue.” Dean said as he washed his hands.
"No. Sort of. I used to. He was.."
Dean sighed and replaced his glasses on his face. "I just really don’t want us to change our long distance provider. That’s all."
“Guess I’d better get to working on the car then.” Dean said as he carried his plate over to the sink. He stopped at the counter and turned back to his mother and Cas. “Are you good if I just head out there? You don’t have to come out if you don’t want.”
Dean nodded and continued attacking his slowly disappearing lunch pile, the rest of them watching him in both contented and disturbed silence.
“I know, and here you are, same as ever.”
[literallybatman]
Jo looked at him with an indiscernible face and elbowed Charlie next to her. “Do you believe this crock of shit Winchester is spewing? It’s more cryptic than the weird shit Ash says.”
“Huh-uh Joanna Beth, that’s cheating. I’ve seen that nasty scar. It’s supposed to be something nobody here knows.” Dean chided her.
"You owe me." He grumbled and reached for the door handle.
When he re-entered there was none other than
“Mno he iffnt!” Dean nearly shouted again, half spraying food across the table, and nearly knocking his own glasses off.
[thrsdy_bby] Things to do and all that
[thrsdy_bby] I'm afraid I must be off to bed
"Got it mom!" Dean hollered back.
[southern_comfort] that school of yours gives you too many breaks
“Castiel, may I please speak to you in the hallway?”
"Maybe I wanna talk to you, you ever think of that? Why can't you just talk to me, Cas?" Dean practically yelled in his face.
[literallybatman] we just Skype each other dirty stuff
"Yeah, you. Coming out of your
Dean had practically sprinted to his study hall, so he wasn't particularly surprised at being the first person into the classroom. He ducked into the back corner seat, closest to the door, and pulled out his phone. The few seconds it took to load the tumblr felt agonizingly long, and waiting for his blog felt even longer.
“Can I help you?” Mr Fitzgerald’s voice broke the silence of the classroom and had half the class’s gaze momentarily.
[literallybatman] i have a cookout thing I gotta go prepare for
They were getting increasingly louder and harder to ignore, with Michael warning with an angry
Sam's first semester at Stanford was easier than he thought it would be. Classes were interesting and challenging, he met a great girl, and found a fantastic roommate to move off campus with. Cas was quiet and clean and kept to himself. His only problem was Dean. After his second semester Dean decided to move down to California to be closer to Sam, which was great in theory. Until Dean met Cas.
[literallybatman] uggh
[literallybatman] you’re damn right he does
the case, but in sixteen years he had gotten pretty good at believing his own bullshit.
Dean came hard. To something in his mind that felt almost like a memory, but still too far away to make a clear picture. He panted softly and laid his head back against the cool tile, hot water streaming over his stomach rinsing off the mess he'd made.
[thrsdy_bby] Yep
Dean rolled his eyes. He hadn’t planned for Sammy to be out of the house today, but when he nearly tripped over him on his way out the door to Andy’s that morning he felt like his mom was up to something. And yeah he had tried to be totally normal when he asked Cas to come over this weekend for dinner without context, knowing that his mom would be extra from sun-up to sun-down. He took a moment to pull out his phone and look through the texts he had missed while picking up the house. Today was in fact his birthday. He had several texts, facebook messages, and skype messages about it already. It didn’t feel like a big deal, but his mother insisted that it was. Being 18 felt no different than any other age, plus he was still in highschool. So his mom planned some special dinner she won’t tell him anything about (even though he could totally smell a pie baking), and secretly sent Sammy to his friends house. Everything was still going to be normal.
Cas Novak sitting next to an animatedly flailing Becky. He
[literallybatman] no
“Isn’t it great? I never thought we’d see them again.”
“I never stopped wanting you, Dean Winchester. Not even for a minute.” He mumbled into Dean’s neck, and it was like suffocating.
“Yeah definitely,” he replied. “I threw up in my mouth a little, even.”
[literallybatman] jesus
room and covering for me. Unless you want me to go out there like this and watch Mount friggen Sam explode on me for screwing his roommate. Which he explicitly made me promise I would not try to do, like, before I even met you."
Cas couldn't help the quiet laughter that bloomed in his chest. Neither could Dean. They're both laughing and rolling off the couch together before Sam could figure out how to respond, or get away.
[southern_comfort] I’ll leave you to that then
[literallybatman] are you kidding me right now
[literallybatman] hey man you got typhoons and hurricanes and shit
Sam made Dean promise (with threat of something so vile and terrible even he couldn't come up with at the time) that Dean wouldn't try to sleep with his roommate. It was an issue that had come up a few times before, when Sam was taking his Gen Ed classes back home at KU and rooming with a guy named Aaron. Then, again, when he had to get a new roommate named Cassie. And yet again with roommate number three, who Sam is pretty sure Dean didn't even bother learning the name of. Dean, of course, rolled his eyes and called Sam a spoilsport. It ended up being just fine for everyone, because they hated each other from minute one. Dean thought Cas was pretentious as hell, and Cas thought Dean was an obnoxious slob. It took a week before they were at each others throats. The bigger workload Sam took on, the more he was out of the apartment and the more time Dean and Cas had to spend together, and the more they butted heads. It was a nightmare, and maybe Sam avoided it more than strictly necessary, but it had gotten ridiculous in the last few months.
“I didn't call after. I know. I didn't even know how to begin to apologize. Man, I promised you everything and then I left you high and dry. It was really shitty. Possibly the shittiest thing I've ever done.”
“But Awareness Week isn’t until like January. We totally have time right now.”
The bell for lunch to end sounded and Dean grabbed his bag and headed to his last class of the day. The great part about going to a high school with block scheduling was that you only had four classes a day. The shitty part was that they were all an hour and a half long.
[literallybatman] how was that not wise
“Wait, who the fuck is Meg?”
"This isn’t me yelling at you, Cas. You’ll know when I’m yelling at you. And honestly I don’t wanna have to yell at you. Hell, I don’t even wanna
Apples and cinnamon. Who was baking?
“I'm not sure what you have planned here, Cas, but it's still like 35 degrees out. And we left all our crap on your floor.”
Dean sat down in his computer chair, opening Skype and tumblr. He set himself to
"No, I'm washing sweaters. I have to be here to assure that the water temperature does not shift, and that they get the correct ratio of detergent to water."
Dean stood in the doorway to the kitchen, watching Mary with her hands in a sink full of soapy water. She pulled the plug in the bottom of the basin and threw a smile over her shoulder.
He jogged over to the garage and pulled out a folding card table, and headed over to Jo and Ash.
"Can you guess why I'm upset about this mess, Dean?" Cas asked through gritted teeth, trying not to jump across the kitchen and strangle his roommate's brother.
"Back so soon?" Dean asked, trying to pull one of the decorative pillows into his lap in the most nonchalant totally-not-hiding-a-raging-hard-on type way he could manage.
He zoned back in and realized he was scrolling through yesterday’s dashboard. He refreshed and was immediately thrown for a loop.
“You’re going to laugh at me but my father never bought us gaming consoles after we moved, so the only time I played video games growing up was over here. I’m afraid I’m not going to a terribly formidable opponent.”
He didn't really mean to work himself up over the situation, but honestly he did this kind of thing more than he was willing to admit. It was the real reason he tended to hang out with his friends less than he really wanted to. He was always judging the things he said after the fact, harshly criticizing every word that came out of his mouth. Usually once every few weeks he managed to convince himself that one of his few friends hated him, or thought he was obnoxious for whatever reason. It was never
It was kinda cute the way got all worked up over it, and blushed when Dean complimented him was even cuter. He was still mid conversation with Alfie when something caught Jo’s eye and she dragged him across the gallery. He threw an apologetic glance and shrug over his shoulder at the kid and got ready to chew Jo out. When he saw what she was dragging him to he stopped and
[literallybatman] thats not fair, everyone knows that the upstairs brain and the downstairs brain don't work at the same time
[literallybatman] i’d like that
"No, with my fucking hetero brother who just left."
He slinked quietly down the hallway to the main bathroom and locked the door behind him. The water warmed up fast and he gave himself a precursory tug in the cold air as he stripped off his clothes and dropped them in the bin.
Dean shoved his tray out of his way and stood up, pushing glasses back up his nose and grabbing his backpack.
There were a lot of photos of an urban area, a few signs clued him into guessing it was Chicago, and a lot of artistic body shots, men and women, mostly nude and mostly tattooed. He clicked the #me tag on another one of the black and white body shots and was not disappointed.
"Because I find you incredibly attractive and infuriating, Dean Winchester!"
All it took was Cas pressed up against him when he entered the apartment, whispering
[southern_comfort] so how are things going with Cas
look he usually had. He couldn't help but smile and lean it, placing one more chaste kiss on his lips.
"What are we. What am I to you?"
"Did you get the tables?" Mary asked.
Cas chuckled and bumped his forehead into Dean's, nudging at his nose and letting their heavy breathing fill up the space around them.
Cas smiled back and inspected the controller with intent. He was not, in fact, good at video games, Dean quickly learned. They started out with Mario Kart, Cas’ body on alert and brow furrowed as he took the turns and slid off the map anyways. It took a few rounds for him to ease into it and finally settle on the couch next to Dean, but he eventually did. It was comfortable. They had only really been friends again for a month or so and Cas always seemed to take a moment to actually take his ease in a conversation, even if it was just a group conversation with friends. He always seemed tense upon arrival and took his time warming up, as if he didn’t trust himself to be well received.
whimper when he responded with another slow grind into the open V of Dean's legs.
[literallybatman] he’s a big boy he can figure it out for himself
He took off his glasses, setting them on the desk, and rubbed his eyes. It was late. But he was still painfully hard just thinking about actually talking face to face with Clarence, the rush of possibly having a little something more than just a chatting jerk-off buddy. Like bees in his stomach again.
“You'll see in like 60 seconds, dude.”
Everyone stopped and turned to Dean, who was still not paying attention. Jo elbowed him in the ribs and gave a jerking nod towards the center. Dean rolled his eyes and took a big step in.
“Oh, was he already here? Please tell me I missed the crying and hugging.”
"Its my culture studies professor." Sam almost questioned at the phone before he answered it anyways. "Hello? Yes, this is- What? No no, I did- But that’s like half my grade!"
“Oh, I guess you must be Castiel Novak.”
smug smile on his face.
[literallybatman] plus
"Yeah, well try landing in it full force, genius."
He clicked send and leaned back in his chair again. He was a little nervous, but more excited than anything to see what Clarence had planned.
[literallybatman] up fighting crime
So Dean did.
“Yeah well don’t make it weird. It’s not some chick flick mom, no one is confessing their love at the dinner table all Hallmark-style. This is just car stuff and dinner.”
"Fuck." Dean dropped his forehead and sighed into Cas' stomach. "I thought you said he was in class?" He asked, words muffled on Cas' body.
“What can you handle?” Cas asked quietly.
Dean hmmed in acknowledgement.
"I've been telling Sam what I want you to do for a month now, and that seems to be getting absolutely nothing done so far."
and Dean was off like a firecracker. They had actually somehow managed to make it to Cas' room before Dean had pulled his shirt open and hoisted his own tee over his head. It wasn't long before he had Cas flat on his back on his own bed, whimpering as Dean pulled open his stupid pretentious slacks and trailed soft little kisses down his abdomen.
[literallybatman] what
"That’s the idea."
and clicking send. Anonymity on the internet was one of his favorite things. He knew he'd never be able to say that shit to someone in real life. But to someone he would never meet, that didn't matter. The worst thing that could happen is that the guy deletes his message, right?
“Chinese. The usual. Go ahead and take it to the table, will you sweetheart?” Mary said, toeing off her shoes in the entryway and hanging up her coat.
[literallybatman] catch you later man
[thrsdy_bby] well isn't that interesting
“You're not gonna smoke now are you?”
[literallybatman] yeah well I got too much shit to do to worry about him
“How do you know? D’you already know the guy?”
Castiel had slipped back into the hole he had left, and even though looking at him felt like looking at the sun sometimes, Dean was glad every day for his presence. Mary was also glad he had returned, Dean's smile had gotten just a little bit brighter since they started talking.
"Your asshole roommate pushed me into the tub!"
"Yeah our break here lines up with the ones back there. His name is Balthazar. He was sort of my only friend in Pontiac so I'm very interested in seeing what you think of him."
"Dean?"
When lunch rolled around it turned out Cas had the same lunch period as him as well. He was trying not to be a creep, but he ended up sitting there watching Cas sitting alone and scrolling through something on his phone while picking disinterestedly at a basket of fries.
Mary had been there for him when Cas left. On all the nights Cas didn’t call Mary sat up with him, waiting. After a month of radio silence Mary tried to look up the Novak’s contact information in Illinois, but they were unlisted, and Jimmy’s company refused to give out any employee’s personal information. After two months and no call Dean quit waiting up at night. After a year Dean asked Mary if there was something he had said or done to cause it. Watching Dean tear himself up about it broke Mary’s heart. It was another year later before Dean even entertained the idea of dating someone else, and another before he lost all hope of seeing Cas again. He still had a lot of issues now with relationships, both platonic or romantic. Deep down Dean still thought he had done something to cause Cas to ultimately abandon him, and he hadn’t ever really forgiven himself for it.
“Don’t be like that, Dean. Have you even seen Cas yet?”
"No problemo, mom.” He replied leaning against the counter and pulling out his phone. He browsed tumblr almost compulsively at this point, not really paying much attention beyond the mindless scroll, the occasional queuing of an aesthetic photo. Looks like Clarence had posted some artsy photos of a downtown graffiti area, but nothing he recognized.
He made it through the first half of his day without issue; gym was always easy, and US History had him bored out of his mind and done hearing the mindless chatter of other students making plans over the break. It wasn't until lunch break that he remembered the anonymous message he sent to to mystery photographer. He was almost giddy to know what he had said back, or if he had even seen the ask yet. He wanted to check right then, but he knew if he pulled his phone out Jo would badger him to know what he was doing. Dean almost never bothered to check his phone during school hours, it usually only served to captivate an hour of his time when he so much as glanced at it, and that tended to be bad for his grades. He’d have to wait until 8th block study hall. He didn't know anyone in his class, and he didn't have any homework yet. For now he’d have to calm his heartbeat and eat his lunch.
He kept questioning himself, but his hands kept moving. Setting the camera settings. Attaching it to the tripod. Pointing it towards a clutter-free wall. Removing his Star Trek tee shirt and tossing it on his bed. Unfastening and dropping his jeans. Giving the button a hard press. He leaned against the wall and put his hands on his stomach.
[literallybatman] big old cricket with a cowboy hat
“Dude why the hell does your dad let Michael get away with any of that shit?”
“I'm making rabbit stew.” Ash said, shooting finger guns across the table.
echoed through the intimate space of the room. They both sat stock still, waiting for who knows what to either stop them, or let them go on in peace.
Dean sighed again and turned to Jo. She gave him a sympathetic look and mouthed “Sorry” before standing to take control of the room. Dean sat back into his chair and watched the rest of the club move around the folding chairs into a wide circle and gather in the middle. He reluctantly got out of his chair to join the group and get the game started.
When the chairs were set up and students began filing in Dean ran down to Coach Mills office to let her know they were starting. She gave him a polite nod and he turned on his heel and ran back.
[southern_comfort] I don’t remember how that stuff works
[literallybatman] i’m nothing special
Dean sighed deep and thunked his head onto his desk. It wasn’t as if he didn’t have any friends. He had plenty of friends. They just didn’t ever really hang out with him outside school. They all had their own lives. As long as he had an Internet connection he’d be fine without them. He could stream whatever movies or series or talk to whatever online friends he wanted. Besides, too much social interaction tended to make him anxious.
Cas looked down at his bare arms. He had barely even managed to shove his boots on on the way out the door, it was clear he hadn't considered the wintry weather blowing around outside. Dean rolled his eyes and leaned back over the bench seat to the floor of the backseat where he kept a pillow and oversized blanket. He grabbed the blanket and tossed it over the back of the seat at Cas.
Jo squealed and threw her arms around Dean’s neck. “Thank you dude, I owe you one for sure.”
[thrsdy_bby] you know how I enjoy our little talks
"That’s disgusting." He spit back, watching the other boy pinch the glowing cherry out of the filter, and flick the butt away. "You’re not even old enough to buy cigarettes."
He made his way to the library and hid himself in his favorite plush chair in the back. He was sure Ash was filling his friends in on the rest of the story.
“Cas..” He half-whispered, and in response only received a groan and another mark being sucked into the skin of his hipbone. “Cas, you- you gotta stop. Man, I'm not- I can't do this. I gotta, we gotta stop. Stop.”
Jo snickered under her breath and hauled up a couple folding chairs.
"Oh my god, Cas." Dean whined, and strode across the small bathroom in a few steps. He reached down to pull Cas up by the armpits, but Cas pulled himself out of Dean's grasp and stood up.
Cas narrowed his eyes in that completely-hot-yet-fucking-intimidating glare Dean totally loved/hated, but still sat up and fastened his pants. He was halfway done with his shirt buttons before Dean could even locate his own shirt.
"Then I'll go easy on you I guess."
[thrsdy_bby]
Things went back to normal pretty quickly. Dean watched his mess a little better, and Sam agreed to calm down and enjoy his time more, after both the boys cornered him and threatened to move his mattress out to the deck while he was sleeping. They had even all agreed to having movie night once a week, alternating who got to pick the movie. This week is was Sam's turn to pick, and he had come home with a pile of documentaries from the library, of course. Dean rolled his eyes while Cas and Sam picked out one about bees or something equally boring that made Dean reach for another beer and completely zone out.
“I know that now. It took a couple years, and Balthazar's help, but I did come to terms with who I am. Realized Michael was full of shit. I mean, he's still scary, but it's a lot easier when you don't believe the fire and brimstone.”
[literallybatman] seriously?
[literallybatman] if anything he should be listening to me
"A friend of mine from Pontiac is visiting over Spring Break."
and both boys tumbled into the backseat of the impala. Dean quickly scrambled back against the far door, Cas following closely. They were barely apart a few seconds before Cas had reaffixed himself to Dean like he needed him to breathe, sucking bruises into his skin, and
. That I was a
“Don’t worry, I learned from my last mistake. This guy is totally smokin’ and totally gonna feel right at home in our little group, I promise!”
He pushed her hands off his coat and re-adjusted his glasses on his face. It
Sitting next to Cas on the couch, watching Netflix, that was easy. Sam had come home from Andy’s, rolled his eyes at their Classic Who marathon, and gone straight to bed. Now, Dean was mostly asleep, blinking lazily at the TV, while K9 beeped and whirred out orders to Leela playing chess. He looked over at Cas to see the other boy snuggled into the couch, eyes closed.
[literallybatman] you're definitely a creepy old man in a trenchcoat Benny
[literallybatman] fuck that guy
He looked around the room again, and poor little Alfie was standing all by himself just twiddling his thumbs and staring at his feet. The kid was seriously adorable, Dean had definitely contemplated asking him out to a movie or something once or twice, but every time doubt won over and he chickened out. The other boy caught his gaze and smiled at him, that big sweet smile he always gave. He turned back to get Jo’s attention, but she was in the middle of a very close and quiet conversation, Meg’s fingers tangled in her belt loops, both of them oblivious to the world. He turned to leave and tapped out a quick “txt if you need me” text to Jo as he walked.
, sending water cascading out onto the floor and Cas' already wet socks and bathmat. Cas just wrinkled his eyebrows, trying to pull his arms out of Dean's grasp, which Dean was having
“And what, mom? I haven’t talked to him. He’s different now and I don’t wanna hear any of the excuses he’s gonna make. It’s not gonna make it up to me.”
Dean had a guess ready, considering they were most of the way through the semester and Cas had just moved here. Still, Sam didn’t need to be texting during class. He popped an ACDC tape into the deck and shot back a couple of replies.
[southern_comfort] would have figured you two would already be an item
[literallybatman] no way
"What can I say, your roommate is clumsy. Thank god you're here to help us look."
He wondered what this summer was going to look like for them. It was still a ways off, it was the first warm glimpse of spring now, but this year felt different. He usually spent summers alone, locked inside playing games or trapped doing yard or housework, but this year he wanted to spend time with Cas again. And after the blowup last time he went over there, Dean knew that wasn't going to be happening at the Novak Residence. Michael had totally freaked out on Cas when he got home and made it pretty clear Dean wasn't welcome back. Which was fine.
"Yeah, I bet." Dean replied skeptically, placing another chaste kiss on Cas' lips.
[southern_comfort] stay safe brother
[southern_comfort] jiminy cricket?
[literallybatman]
"I guess? I mean I don’t want to hear his excuses, but I’d kinda like some answers, y’know?" He placed the dish in the cabinet and turned to face his mother. "What d’you think?"
“My name Samandriel. You can call me Alfie if that’s too much of a mouthful. I’m a freshman. And I work part time at the Wiener Hut.”
to you, but you just won’t leave me alone!"
[thrsdy_bby is offline]
Spending time with Cas at home like this was easier than he thought it would be. Yeah, he made him nervous and looking at him hurt a little sometimes, but the way he fit seamlessly next to him like not a moment had passed was all he had wanted as a kid. Well, almost all.
"Welp. Go see what he wants." Dean punctuated himself with a slap on Cas' thigh and he leaned away from their shared heat.
Dean rolled his eyes hard and didn't miss and angry burn in Cas' eyes. "Telling Sam doesn't get jack shit done, Cas, hes never fucking here. He comes home to sleep and then hes gone again. You see him more than I do."
[thrsdy_bby]
[thrsdy_bby]
"Oh?"
of your worries."
[literallybatman] four years
Cas’ voice crackled out through the crappy phone reciever.
[literallybatman] I will actually kill you if you make wizard of oz jokes holy shit
He watched Cas snuggle into his pillows and stretch out, and he felt a pang in his stomach. Having Cas back in his life was great, but seeing him in his bed was something else all together. This was something that made his knees turn to jelly just to see.
“Cas, you made it!” Dean joked as he finally entered the room. Cas smiled back at him and wiggled out of his mother’s grasp.
[literallybatman] i usually do
quick as he could, shut his laptop, and headed off to take a quick shower. He still had grease under his nails from auto shop.
"Dude, were you doing the dishes?" Sam asked, laughing at Dean's wet sleeve and soap mess.
He replaced the oven mitts where he found them, shut the oven off, and headed towards the backyard.
“This is kind of gross. And terrifying.” He said as he approached what appeared to be some sort of latex skin and metal hook monstrosity. “And it’s clearly made of actual people. Jo, hate to break it to ya, pretty sure your little girlfriend is killing people for art.”
Charlie giggled as Ash dropped his tray on the table loudly and took a seat next to Dean.
"Oh no, that's alright. I have to take Anna home. But i appreciate the offer ma'am."
"What do you mean what? Its a pretty straightforward question, Dean." Cas bit back, a pinch of anger in his tone.
The minutes until his class ended seemed to stretch for ever, and by the time he was headed to study hall Dean could feel his skin vibrating.
And yeah, he's allowed to. Its his
This chapter was written in when the fic was written in 2014 but revised in 2020 when it was updated, so if you read it before its different now.
The smell of cinnamon and pastry wafted through the apartment, and when Dean took a step inside he couldn't help the deep inhale he took.
But things like this were easy.
Dean helped his mom clean the rest of the kitchen up and locked up the house. He headed upstairs to his computer, logged into skype and popped tumblr back open. He wasn't sure what he was looking for, but he was still too wired to sleep. He hadn't really been terribly active on tumblr since he'd exchanged skypes with Clarence, no reason to sit and refresh his blog looking for acknowledgement, he'd always message if Dean was online. He was mostly running on a queue he'd refresh occasionally, but today tumblr just wasn't scratching the itch it usually did.
[thrsdy_bby] You’re pretty delicious yourself, sweetheart.
They both took a step back from each other, still smiling. Cas wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and took a step back towards the oven, ready to check on his pie. Dean leaned back against the counter, and shook his still wet hand over the sink, sending soap bubbles cascading across the counter. Sam took a step into the kitchen and threw a confused look at the both of them.
[southern_comfort] well yeah
This time, kissing Cas is different. The passion and intensity are there, but there’s no hurry. Its all languid tongue strokes and soft touches and quiet sated moans. Dean slowly unbuttoned Cas' button-down, enjoying the act of undressing him more than the potential goal. Cas unfastened Dean's pants, pulling the larger man on top of him and teasing his fingers into the waistband. He swallowed an interested noise from Dean's mouth and broke the kiss to stretch out underneath him. Cas; stubble burned against his own as Dean leaned in closer to nip at Cas' neck, unafraid to leave an obvious mark.
“Not initially, no. Not calling you after
against his neck.
“I don’t want anything, silly!” She annunciated by playfully smacking his arm, “I just wanted to let you know I got a new recruit for the GSA meeting today!”
"Because I'm fuckin pee-shy okay? So get out or I'm gonna go piss in the kitchen sink."
“Yes, we're studying.” Cas replied, still not looking up from his book.
“Yes mom, don’t make it weird.”
"Dude, get out. I have to piss so bad I can taste it." Dean replied, and totally did
"What?" Dean asked, muting the TV without looking away from Cas' void expression.
[literallybatman] i mean not like SERIOUSLY emotionally invested
"Yeah,
"Nah, mom got the idea for it after Cas left. Wanted me to be social or whatever. Not a huge deal. Anyways Cas, this weekend at my place, potluck style cookout. Bring a dish, something cool and fun. Obviously mom would kick my ass if I didn't tell you that Anna is also invited. Not Michael though, he sucks."
“Oh.” Cas sighed. “That’s kind of embarrassing. Can I talk to you, like outside or something? I mean, you can say no, but I’d really like to talk to you now.”
"That’s nice honey," Mary said, handing him another dish. "What did he have to say?"
Cause you’re a dumb jerk and you have nothing to say to me. Stupid."
[literallybatman] yeah
Dean tried to keep his eyes on the page, like maybe if he didn't look at Michael he could will his presence away, or the book might suck him up inside. He wondered absently if that was Cas' goal all along.
“Yeah! Wait how’d you know?”
Dean broke away from his mouth to run sharp nipping kisses down Cas' neck. He felt the vibrating hum of Cas moaning a breathless
[thrsdy_bby]
[thrsdy_bby] To know I get a pretty thing like you all worked up is quite the ego boost
“Oh. Hey, Cas.” Was the only thing his brain could awkwardly spit out. The bees in his stomach buzzed so hard he could feel them in his fingertips.
[southern_comfort] you think?
Dean hmmed in approval and leaned into Cas' warmth under the blanket. “You know, we could probably swim out here when it gets warm enough.”
[thrsdy_bby] but it does give me something to look forward to yet
“I’m not hungry!”
[thrsdy_bby] As would I
“What’s wrong, don’t wanna support your fellow classmates?” Jo teased at him while she tapped away at her phone.
Dean snorted out a stifled laugh, and got a quick hard punch on the arm for it.
“What, Ash?” Dean sighed.
Dean’s head shot up from his desk to look. He was just standing there in the doorway picking a string off the overly-long sleeve of his striped hoodie and looking almost unrecognizable. The left quarter of his head was shaved and his eyes were ringed with black eyeliner. He had a silver bar in his eyebrow and a ring in his nose like a bull. He was chewing at the stud on the right side of his lip while he picked at his nails waiting for Mr Fitzgerald to find the extra textbook in his messy desk. His straight legged jeans looked fitted in all the right ways and had what looked like thorny vines hand drawn around one of the thighs. He was not the kid Dean remembered but he was fucking
“Don’t get your panties in a twist, dude. She’s here, she’s just busy.”
Dean was easy. He knew he was easy. There was no point in his life that he had found such a warm, willing, and
[thrsdy_bby] You don’t need to make excuses
[thrsdy_bby] take any new photographs recently?
[literallybatman] what
“I know honey, it’s just been so long since I’ve seen you two together, I’m just so excited the two of you are friends again.”
“Drive.” He ordered
[literallybatman] yeah me too
“No one wants to eat Thumper, you weirdo.” Jo exclaimed and rolled her eyes.
a thing I just saw? Knowing its happening is one thing, but there is not enough brain-bleach in the world to deal with you, Dean. Can I just keep telling myself you guys probably don't do it on the couch, and you guys can just go back to sneaking around and being relatively quiet and
[literallybatman]
They started up a game of blackjack, and when Cas arrived they dealt him in. A few times Dean caught Mary watching them silently, smiling when she turned her head away. The Novaks leaving ate up Dean, but knowing what Castiel went through when they arrived in Pontiac broke Mary's heart. Mary had always had a soft spot for helping people, and Castiel was always told that he was welcome in their home when his own got to be too much. The thought of him hundreds of miles away and suffering the loss of a parent without the same safety net that he had given Dean when John had died just made her sick. Seeing him here now and fitting right back in where he had been torn from filled her with light.
“Oh,” Mary sighed, looking down at her scrubs. “I didn’t realize I had..” She trailed off looking at the dark bloodstain across her stomach. “It’s been a long day, boys.” She said, pulling her scrub top over her head and tossing it into the hall, tugging down her long sleeved shirt in the process.
"There's nobody else, Cas. Not since before the cornflakes." Dean nearly whispered.
.” She said, wiggling her eyebrows.
[literallybatman] yeah well his family just moved back into town
[literallybatman] i’m just a bit shy is all
[southern_comfort] some people really are out here on the internet being creeps
[literallybatman] you’re too sweet
"Listen, Dean-"
They both grasped tight at each other and somehow Cas managed to find Dean’s mouth with his own and it was like
"Fine," Jo sighed back and tossed her hand on cards into the discard pile, "Ash sucks at Caravan anyways. Now that you're here we can at least play blackjack." She gathered up the cards and dumped them on the card table.
[literallybatman] idk man
“Yeah, it’s not, not really. Jo wanted to date some artist chick, so I was uh, I was playing wingman or whatever.” Dean said, awkwardly staring at his shuffling feet. “I uh, I saw your- your thing or whatever. It’s really good.”
[thrsdy_bby] you're up late
Cas took his real first steps into the Winchester residence and looked around. Dean gestured towards the living room and Cas followed expectantly.
[literallybatman] it is not
[literallybatman] yeah and when I get back I prepare for finals
and quickly returning to his dash. He mindlessly scrolled and let his brain wander.
participant like Castiel and been able to say no. Sam was almost never around, and sneaking around was a lot easier than either of them had anticipated, so yeah, they were always all over each other.
"‘Scuse me." He bit out as he shoved past.
[literallybatman] and now he goes to my school and he’s in my classes
Dean was secure in his sexuality. He always knew he wasn’t straight. He was interested in guys. He was interested in girls. Hell, he even had a thing for androgyny. He never made a big deal of coming out to his family. He dated his first boy in 8th grade, his name was Aaron, and when Mary caught them holding hands under the dinner table she kissed Dean on the top of the head and told Aaron he was welcome back anytime he wanted.
"It looks like the Queen of Moons will not be gracing us with her presence today."
. He wasn't even aware there were houses this size in the neighborhood. He pulled into the drive and took an appraising look at the house before checking his GPS again, and yeah this was definitely the right place. He was half tempted to call Cas just to make sure, when the front door opened and Cas waved at him from the porch.
"Winchester residence."
"Who was it, Dean?" Mary asked, poking her head out from around the corner.
[literallybatman] except for tornados
He couldn’t put a finger on what it was about Clarence that was so enticing. Might have been the mystery, might have been the ink, might have even been his attitude. Either way he definitely already had Dean wrapped around his finger, and they both knew it. So Dean got off the computer and went in search of the tripod again.
[southern_comfort] but whatever he’s gotta say is important enough to him to warrant a phone call
"That’s an awful lot of anger for one little telemarketer." Mary replied earnestly.
“Ash, actually. When I woke up and calmed down I called him. He broke into the school and got my locker open. I had a black eye for like a week. It was so stupid. My mom wanted me to do something about it, but it turns out Zach’s dad is like the superintendent or something. Ash planted drugs in Uriel’s locker though, got him expelled. You should have seen the look on his stupid face. It was almost worth the panic attack. Since then I’m not really big on hanging around, or really even making eye contact with people from our school. Or really at all, actually.”
[thrsdy_bby] very cute
He was intimidatingly gorgeous. The ripple of his back muscles under those wings. The sharp curve of his hip under the soft white lily. The ridge of his ribs under something new and fresh and frankly, looking a lot like gibberish. He looked fucking beautiful and had Dean half hard in his jeans already, just knowing that those pictures were for him.
[southern_comfort] which he knew would be a sore spot after his however many years of not doing that exact thing
“My mom died.” He said as if testing the air around him. He seemed to wait for Dean's surprise before he continued. “Like six months after we moved. I guess that was why we moved or whatever. She had late stage pancreatic cancer, and there was this doctor in Illinois who was trying this new thing that could have saved her or whatever. It didn’t save her, obviously. I mean we didn't really see eye to eye on like anything before we moved, but she was my mom, man. And Michael-” he stopped to pull his leather jacket tighter around his chest with a bitter laugh. “From the second we left Michael was telling me I was damning them. That
Dean chuckled into the taut skin across his stomach. "Its not teasing if I plan to deliver."
[thrsdy_bby] I am a little abashed to admit that I’ve had quite a hard time getting you out of my head since the first message you sent
[thrsdy_bby] What I’d really like is to have you laid out under me
he was right there asking if I was thinking impure thoughts. If I was trying to kill our mother. Who the fuck says that to a kid? By the time she died I had heard it so much I thought it was really fucking my fault. I even tried to pray for forgiveness, but Michael just got worse from there. It was,” he paused to wipe his eyes and lean further into Dean’s touch, arching like a cat into him when Dean finally just wrapped the arm around his shoulders. “It got bad, man. Michael is scary as shit. I mean, he’s my own fuckin' brother and I’m scared shitless of him half the time. I’m not even surprised you hate me, either. I mean shit, I hated me for the whole situation. I mean yeah it’s been years, but what you must’ve thought of me in the beginning. Man, I deserve it.”
[literallybatman]
"So, uh. What are we?" Cas asked out of fucking nowhere, and in the middle of a Star Trek marathon, earning himself an incredibly confused stare from the other man.
“Maayyybe.”
“I’m not gonna be able to ask about Doctor Who without getting a long winded list of plot holes am I?”
[thrsdy_bby] I would love to get my hands on you
Cas tasted like mint and cigarettes and Dean could feel it in the bottom of his stomach, like the butterflies in his gut were rusting out and combusting, popping apart and painting the inside of his ribcage with a brilliant stinging emptiness he wanted Cas to fill. It had never giving the inkling of even starting as a chaste kiss, but it wasn’t long until Cas’ hands found themselves into Dean’s hair and angled his head
now. I didn’t give my mother fucking cancer because I wanted to kiss the neighbor boy.”
"You know you're always welcome to stay!"
Dean leaned back more comfortably against the side of the couch, having more room now that there wasn't a Sasquatch squished into the middle of them. He had a comfortable buzz going, and could easily get tipsy if he kept going, but being the only one in the room who was drunk wasn't his idea of a fun time. Maybe Cas would drink with him until Sam came back. He looked over at Cas, sitting stock-straight and picking at his nails. Cas always managed to have a serious tone to his look, even if all he was doing was sitting on the couch. Maybe it was button-down and perpetual bedhead he always wore, making him look overworked and frazzled, and maybe it was the squinty glare he always had focused on Dean. Either way it was hot as hell and incredibly distracting. It was also probably the reason he meant to offer a beer to the guy, but when Cas' gaze finally met his all he could manage was
[literallybatman] anyways I started talking to this other guy a while back
Dean laughed as Cas sleepily hopped up from the couch, almost knocking himself back down. He slipped his hand into Dean's and mumbled a c'mon lets go while shuffling quietly towards the stairs. He nearly jumped out of his skin when he felt Cas' hand in his, but the insistent tug towards his room kept him grounded. He followed Cas up the stairs and into his own room, and stood stock still when Cas let go of his hand to wiggle out of his jeans and hoodie, and collapsed hard and face first into the far side of the mattress.
It was a cold November Monday when he dropped Sammy off at his middle school and headed off to his own classes. The parking lot was just as over-filled as he parked the impala and the hallways were just as loud and stifling as he made his way to his first period.
Cas tried to form a response, but Dean was faster, capturing his lips and in a wet and vaguely soapy kiss. He debated momentarily fighting back, but he found it so hard to be angry when Dean was smiling into his mouth. It didn't stay chaste kisses for long, Cas quickly kissing back with excited vigor and capturing a deep moan from Dean's lips.
"Because you're a fucking neat-freak and you're gonna want to wash all that shit before you put it away?"
“I'm totally awake. I'm like the most awake person ever.” He replied groggily without opening his eyes.
"What do you want Cas?"
“Jesus Christ, Dean.” She said, finally taking her eyes off the screen. “How did you get out?”
but a burger was exactly what he would have asked for.
"I know its straightforward I'm just confused as to where its coming from."
He opened his mouth to respond, but his brain was unwilling to cooperate, so he just nodded back. Cas smiled at him and stared maybe a little longer than he should before he crawled back out and headed back up to the school.
He followed Cas down the hall and to a big room devoid of furniture. Instead, were plush pillows and beanbag chairs scattered around the room, a pile of books and Cas' backpack in the center. He plopped down on a particularly squishy looking beanbag chair and popped open his latin textbook, ruffling through his bag with the other hand to find his notebook. Dean shrugged off his backpack and jacket and plopped down probably closer to Cas than he needed to and pulled out his own latin notebook.
[literallybatman]
Dean could feel the shy smile spreading across his lips and the blush rising in his cheeks.
“There’s also an apple pie finishing up in the oven right now.” Mary said, searching through the cupboards for a glass.
[southern_comfort] well the boys clearly got somethin to say to you
“It was, y’know. It was Christmas.” He said distractedly, trying to keep his eyes on the road. “There was a big tree. And some presents. Books. DVDs. Sam gave me a necklace. My grandpa gave me a pile of plaid. Watched Doctor Who and ate a whole pie. Christmas-y.”
The hot shower soothed his muscles and the more time he spent in there the more he thought about the mystery photographer guy with the tattoos and panties and gorgeous cock.
They sat down and started dishing out food. Their usual was beef & broccoli, general tso’s chicken, and and huge fried rice from the Chinese place down on the corner. It had opened up the previous summer and they already were very familiar with the Winchesters. Mary had told Dean once that she wished she could be home for the boys more, cooking them real food. He knew she would be if she could, but she worked a lot, and both boys understood. Mary loved her job. She loved helping people and she loved all the people she got to meet. Sometimes she’d come home upset, like if she lost a patient she had been particularly close with, but those were the days Dean tried his hardest to keep her happy.
“I may have to head out and start working before it gets out, I’m gonna start to lose daylight soon.”
[thrsdy_bby] you should get some sleep as well
Dean quickly turned into the kitchen to find Cas plunking sticky utensils into the soapy sink and rinsing a rather large bowl. He looked around the rest of the apartment rather quickly. No TV on in any other rooms. No evidence anyone else had even been here all day.
“Oh please, you can call me Mary, sweetie.”
[thrsdy_bby] yourself?
Jo sat down next to him, scrunching her nose up at his lunch pile. “When you come up for air I’ve got a favor to ask you.”
"Yeah, he didn't want to wait for me to get to his office, so he's not closing the assignment officially until I can get in tomorrow." Sam replied suspiciously, eying them both. "Why are you on the floor?"
[literallybatman] okay
“Does that Cas kid keep staring at you?” She asked, gesturing at him with a thumb and taking a bag of chips from Dean’s tray.
He checked to make sure he was definitely anonymous and that his face was cut out of all of the pictures, before one by one beginning the upload. He wrinkled his nose at the quick compression he knew was happening to the hi-res images he had taken. He had only taken five, in varying angles, degrees of undress, and stretched posing. Clarence had said he wanted to "play with them" whatever that meant, so Dean figured weird artistic posing would be right up his alley. He labeled them all out of five and on the last one his hands hovered over the keyboard, brain whizzing to think up a witty caption.
“I call the Xbox.” Sammy said, swiping his drink from the table and following her out of the room.
He looked up from his phone and realized the classroom was full, study hall had apparently started 45 minutes ago.
The food was good, it always was. The company was enjoyable and the night was cool. One by one people had started to trickle out, stopping to thank Mary and fill up a tupperware they brought.
“Once when I was thirteen I put my fist through my upstairs hallway and I broke my hand. Didn’t know that, did you, smart ass?” Dean spit back at him, trying to control the venom in his voice.
[literallybatman] i think about getting my hands on you
"Then he just walked away?"
Dean smiled to himself. There was something about Clarence that got him happy and half-hard and really fucking sexually pent up.
[literallybatman] but its cool to have my friend back
"Not a chance, Cas." Dean laughed back, and splashed a handful of soapy water into Cas' messy hair.
"I think that boy used to love you quite a lot. And he must have his reasons for what he did. But you’re not obligated to listen. I think he knows that too." Mary said, pulling him into a hug. "Maybe you’ll eventually get your answers, maybe you won’t. But I’m glad you let him know how you felt."
“Like freshman year. He didn’t like the way I talked to him, or some shit. You think he’s weird and creepy now, you should have seen him then. His head has always been that big, his body just caught up. Plus I guess he’s just always friends with seniors. Anyways, he found me after school, got one of his cronies to knock my lights out, guy called Uriel. Friggin' huge for a teenager, all bald and grumpy, whatever. He shoved me into my locker and left.”
“What?” Dean asked irritably, using a knuckle to shove his glasses back up his face.
“Anna Novak.”
“Jo’s already tricked me into going with her to some school art thing next week. And there’s a big Doctor Who thing on Christmas. But that’s all I got.”
Tumblr was already open and he checked what his queue posted while he was at school and refreshed his dash again. Same shit he saw this morning just regurgitated in a new order. Dean needed new blogs to follow. He clicked through the blogrolls of his favorites opening any that caught his eye into separate widows, and then closing any with autoplay. Dean wasn’t sure how but somehow he always ended up following photography blogs. Mostly landscapes and pictures of sights from all around America. He always wanted to travel. As a kid he dreamed about roadtrips in the impala, when the furthest he’d even been was to his cousin Christian’s in Nebraska.
was going to find a way to punish me for the way I was. When they sat us down in the new house and told us why we had moved Michael looked at me with hate in his eyes. I mean, I was just a kid, and hes- hes-” he cut himself off with a hand over his eyes, wiping away whatever it was he had taken issue with. “And it sounds so
anonymous was easy. Figuring out what to write with it was incredibly difficult.
. It was missing the homey quality Cas' old house had. It didn't look lived in.
Dean stared in confusion as Castiel crossed the parking lot, headed back towards the school. "So that’s it," he called out after him, "you’re just gonna drop this whole fuckin' deal, and never talk to me again?"
[literallybatman]
“Shut up,” she laughed, elbowing him in the ribs, “it’s like the second or third of January? I have no idea. There’s fliers like everywhere , man, just pick one up before the days over.”
“They’re all having a big Christmas Eve lunch. So, we’re going to miss that, but we’ll go over on Christmas and pick up the presents from the family.” Mary said, picking up the empty containers and paper plates and dumping them into the trash can. “Alright, you boys are free to do whatever it is you do on vacation. I’m going to have a nap. If you need anything, get it yourself and don’t tell me.” She smiled at them and left the room.
It was easy to tell himself and he liked to pretend it made it hurt less.
"Thanks, man." He said with a smile. And he could have sworn Cas smiled back.
[thrsdy_bby]
“Everybody cancel your weekend plans.” Dean said, letting his lunch tray clatter onto the table, the force knocking a package of twinkies off of his tray.
Dean rolled his eyes and turned on his seat to where they were all looking. “No he’s not, he’s drawing or whatever. Like he always is. Just drop it, Jesus.” He said, taking another bite and turning around.
“You boys do your homework before you start playing video games!” Mary called out from the kitchen.
[thrsdy_bby] what a shame
“Uh yeah, I’m new or whatever. They told you about me, right?” A gruff and unamused voice shot back flatly.
Cas smiled back and made his way to the living room.
[literallybatman] yknow i havent
When they walked in the door and tossed their shoes and backpacks in the entryway the smell of lasagna assailed their nostrils, and Sam took a big exaggerated inhale.
The doorbell felt like it jostled him alert. There were those bees in his stomach again.
“But you did come back.”
[southern_comfort] man I haven’t been in school in a long time
Dean and Cas had been best friends as long as he could remember. The weird kind of kid best friends that had no boundaries and did absolutely everything together. John found it slightly worrying but Mary always told him they would outgrow the clingy stage. When Dean was seven John died in a car accident and Jimmy and Lilith practically let Cas move into Dean’s room to keep him company. They spent every night wound around each other, and it was no one’s business but their own. They got older and it never changed. When they were thirteen Jimmy’s work transferred him to Illinois and they had to move. As devastated as the boys were they knew they couldn’t change it and they spent every last second of their time together before the Novaks moved away. The night before he left they got all snugged up in Dean’s bed and he kissed Dean, sweet as could be, and whispered promises against his lips. He promised to write every day, call twice as often, and maybe even come visit over the summer. Dean held on as tight as he could and believed every word of it.
“My name is Jo Harvelle, and I am a sophomore. I am bisexual, and when I was twelve I broke my arm almost clear in half.”
“Is that about that artist chick, Meg?” Charlie asked, poking Jo in the side.
Cas sputtered and splashed back, trying to dunk Dean's head under the water, and failing miserably. Dean rolled quick and dumped Cas into the tub next to him, sloshing more water onto the floor. He rolled over onto Cas, laughing at his grumpy wet cat expression.
[literallybatman] what language is that
“We could always go to the lake house, too.” Cas replied, leaning back against Dean, and placing his head gently on the taller boy's shoulder. If he lifted his legs he'd essentially be in Dean's lap, and Dean tried not to think about how that made him feel.
"Yeah, whats up with that Cas, you hate cooking." Sam asked skeptically.
He could see the cockiness in Cas’ eyes harden over and turn cold, but he refused to break eye contact. When Cas finally shifted his gaze to the floor the group was busy with mindless chatter about the holidays. He knew he should reign in the group and get them on topic, but he just couldn’t find it in himself to care.
He reached on hand up his chest, thumb grazing a nipple. The other hand slid down, gripping and adjusting his
“Dude, you’re totally friends with people in gay club.”
"To talk to you."
Dean followed her up the steps and into the building, and what he saw was not what he expected.
[literallybatman] I know that
isn’t worth it to you." He stared down at Castiel, but the other boy still wouldn’t meet his eyes. "And honestly at this point I don’t have the energy to even be mad about it any more. I just
[thrsdy_bby] the middle of the night is not an optimal time for setup
[literallybatman] she’ll def love it benny
[southern_comfort] and when is that gonna be
“Earth to Dean!” Jo shouted and snapped her fingers in front of his face. “What the fuck are you drooling at?”
[thrsdy_bby] I’m flattered, I must say
GSA, or Gay-Straight-Alliance, was the only school club Dean was a part of. He practically ran the thing. Technically Coach Mills ran the thing, and he and Jo were the student ambassadors in charge of the club. And really all Jo really did was enforce rules, or shout until everyone listened to Dean. So every Wednesday after school in the gymnasium Dean and Jo tried to run a small gathering of queer students. It usually went pretty easily, although having new members tended to trip up the plans and get them stuck. Dean didn’t actually have anything planned for today, so maybe getting to know a new member was a good thing.
“Burgers!” Dean cried out. Mary had been so secretive all day about what she was making for dinner,
[southern_comfort] you never know what monsters lurk looking for young men
“What about your food?” Jo called out after him.
Dean joined Jo up at the head of the gathering and cleared his throat, effectively silencing the chatter and gathering attention. He adjusted his thick frames and looked out into the group.
It was easy to hate Cas, or at least he had told himself he hated him. About a year after he quit anticipating his phone calls he promised himself if Cas ever called he would shout in his face and hang up. So far, he was par for the course, but it didn’t help the niggling wonder what the hell he had done to make his supposed best friend cut him out completely. Every time he felt a pang of regret or pain of guilt he just repeated the same mantra over and over again to himself.
They stood a moment, nearly chest to chest, before they were colliding, mouths hot and frantic. Dean quickly had Cas backed up against the counter, licking into to plush warmth of Cas' mouth. Kissing Cas was absolutely electric, every second of it was rough and hungry, like a flood breaking a dam and rushing out into the open forest, swallowing everything in its wake. Dean felt swallowed up in Cas, tugging his shirttails out of his stupid stuffy slacks to run his hands up the skin of his back.
[literallybatman] it was like last week
Dean signed out and stared at his home screen for a while.
“I’m stuffed, I can’t eat another bite.” Sam said, leaning all the way back in his chair. “Good way to start winter break, thanks mom.”
“Never mind, I don't-” He shook his head and scrubbed a hand under his glasses and across his face.
"Cas, if you want me to buy groceries, or vacuum of whatever, you have to tell me. I can't read your mind, and I definitely don't understand angry huffing and slamming doors." Dean felt himself getting angrier, crossing the kitchen, getting closer to Cas and shouting back louder.
Dean turned and placed a hand on Cas’ shoulder, eyeing the tear tracks streaking his cheeks. “Cas.” was the only thing he could think to say back, but Cas met his eyes and leaned into his touch.
[literallybatman]
[thrsdy_bby]
[southern_comfort] did you actually talk to him
His morning routine went quicker than normal. Wake Sammy. Brush teeth. Wake Sammy again. Find clothes. Grab breakfast. Into the car. Drop Sammy at school. Head to his own school. He was halfway there when he remembered the previous day had even existed. That’s right. Cas was back.
[thrsdy_bby]
[literallybatman] idk
[literallybatman] is offline
"I don't suck at Caravan, Joanna Beth, you just don't know the rules. I'm on a whole other level from you."
"Never again." He whispered, with his voice thick and rough, and tore out of the kitchen. He nearly collided with Sam, tossing an angry
[literallybatman] well it was true
[thrsdy_bby] But we can’t always get what we want, can we?
[thrsdy_bby]
[literallybatman] fuck
Dean was like putty in Cas' hands, and he knew it. Every move Cas made was eagerly received and mimicked in turn. Once he felt the weight of Cas against him, it all came crashing down around them, and the inevitable roll of Cas' hips had him stuttering and groaning out against the other boy. Every one of Cas' movements had him gripping harder against him, putting more insistence into each kiss, feeling his heart hammering harder against his ribcage. It was too much, but he couldn't stop it. Couldn't stop the feeling of Cas' hands against him, or the way his skin tasted, the way he completely yielded to Dean's touch.
Dean hummed again and felt Cas press in closer to his side, turning and tightening the blanket around them more. Cas' face pressed into Dean's neck and it wasn't long before it had all turned into a big impromptu and rather sentimental hug. It was actually more like cuddling sitting down, but Dean wasn't going to say anything and risk ruining the moment.
“So did you ever-” Dean started, “I mean, did you try to.”
[literallybatman] i mean its not that serious
[literallybatman] do you remember that guy I told you about
and Cas hissing back an even louder
[literallybatman] damn straight
“Mno he duffnt.” Dean replied through a mouthful of Twinkie and Gatorade.
“I’m Dean Winchester. I’m pretty much in charge of this thing. And I’m a junior.”
[literallybatman] house phone
Dean was a virgin but he wasn't completely without experience. He had participated in his fair share of clothes on dry humping and half-assed in-the-pants hand jobs. He knew what it felt like to have someone else's hands on him and he yearned for it. He adjusted himself in his jeans and winced at the constricting fabric.
[literallybatman]
Cas rolled his eyes, but still got up and followed Michael out into the hall. He heard a quiet murmur from beyond the door, mostly it was Michael's stern angry voice and Cas hissing out responses. He couldn't understand anything they were saying, but he could pretty much imagine it was entirely Michael getting pissed about his being there, and Cas not giving a crap.
"Its not a 'no biggie,' Dean." Cas shouted, finger quotes and all, "You never clean up after yourself. You don't even live here and yet I find myself cleaning up after you every day! You show up, eat food you didn't pay for, make a mess in a place you don't pay rent to, and I'm the one who has to clean up after you!"
"Raid?" She asked, making a face.
[thrsdy_bby]
Cas was right. The dirt road from the turn off ended at a small dirt parking lot, perched at the edge of a small lake Dean wasn't even sure had existed. The other side of the lake had a big play area and a trail, but because of foliage it was entirely unreachable. This small alcove only housed a picnic table with a short section of roof over it and a small dock, most likely for fishing off of.
[literallybatman] fuck I gotta go
[thrsdy_bby] Not a thing I get called too often, I’m afraid
[thrsdy_bby] how very cute
[literallybatman] you’re really beautiful
Dean leaned against the cool shower wall and gave himself a few long firm strokes. He thought again about Clarence's photos, the lean muscle, the glint of a pierced nipple. Clarence had posted those gifs a while back and he still hadn't forgotten. The way his body trembled with release. The way his fingers deftly skated across the skin of his ribs. Almost a familiarity to them. The shape of them, so familiar he could almost imagine what they would feel like if they were pressed against his chest, sliding down his stomach, unzipping his jeans, cradling his face gently, just brushing softly against his cheekbone-
lathing his tongue across them.
[thrsdy_bby]
[thrsdy_bby is offline]
And all in all, this was a pretty successful barbeque.
of. He tightened his wet grip as much as possible and tugged Cas hard as he could, sending him into the bathtub with him. He landed with a soft thud on Dean, still grumpy expression, and Dean was quick to wrap an arm around his waist.
[thrsdy_bby] tell me now, what is it you think about?
[thrsdy_bby]
Eventually he did find the photo he was looking for. It was a black and white picture of a man’s back, all thin lithe muscle and perfect angles, with a gorgeous pair of angel wings tattooed sprouting from his shoulder blades. The face was out of view, but you could see a perky ass and the tops of his thighs. The guy was gorgeous all over and Dean did not hesitate a second finding the source blog.
.” he spit out with a little too much venom for either to them to think it was an accident.
“Castiel, did you-” Michael cut himself off as he rounded the corner and spied Dean sprawled out on the floor. “Oh, I didn't realize you had
“Jesus, Cas, are these all yours?” Dean asked, kicking at the plethora of cigarette butts at their feet.
Cas wrinkled his nose and stared down Dean with that same glare he always gave, but didn't move from his spot on the couch.
“And then his family moved away and he just..'"
Dean was across the kitchen in
“Dean! You’re never gonna guess whose in my class now!”
"Spending my time with you is not what I would classify as 'having a good time.'" Again, with the finger quotes.
[literallybatman] fuck you for being so damn logical
[thrsdy_bby]
[thrsdy_bby] How much experience have you got, baby?
[thrsdy_bby] That’s alright
[literallybatman]
“Seriously, Cas, where the hell are we going?”
do a potty dance.
[southern_comfort] he had to have a reason
"Yes, Dean and I would be happy to wait for you, Sam."
"Me?" Cas asked, brows knitted together in confusion.
He typed in Clarence’s URL and was met with his own body next to another. It was.
[southern_comfort] shouldn't you be at school right now brother?
Dean was stoked to be back home and have nothing to do for the next five days. On his way out of school Charlie tried to guilt him into joining her D&D group that weekend, but he had totally deflected and changed the subject and then got out of there before she remembered. Now he was playing Fallout 3 and eating a whole pizza by himself because Sammy was staying over at his friend Kevin’s and Mary was working a late shift at the hospital.
[literallybatman] you're like a work of art
“Happy birthday, Dean.” Castiel whispered against his skin.
He felt Cas' hand behind him, grasping at the impala for god knows what. Cas found what he was looking for behind Dean, which was clearly the door latch
[literallybatman] not a lot
"We've been in this unspoken 'sexual arrangement' situation for several months. I'd just like to know where I stand with you, as opposed to whatever other people you've been seeing." He replied, cold and clinical and with the finger quotes and everything. It would have been incredibly endearing if he wasn't feeling insulted, and frankly, a little hurt.
[literallybatman] and southern
[literallybatman]
[southern_comfort] I gotta get down to the docks, check up on my boat
[literallybatman] they’re gorgeous
He could feel the blush creeping up his cheeks and he ducked his head back down and tried to start working on the morning journal exercise. When he heard Mr Fitzgerald plunk a textbook down and Cas shuffle into the desk he chanced another look in his direction.
"Okay!"
"Are you sure?" Sam's voice rang through the hallway. Cas jumped back off of Dean, sprawling himself onto floor, still wide-eyed and flushed. "Thank you so much, honestly, I really appreciate it. First thing tomorrow. I'll be there as soon as you get to your office. Thank you so much, seriously."
to lick across the seam of Dean’s mouth.
"You're baking a pie for
“Dean, honey..” Mary gave him an understanding yet pitying mother-type look and Dean just couldn’t take it.
"I want you not to see other people." Cas said, staring intently at his fingers twisting together.
[thrsdy_bby] It’s a protection spell
"Coming!" He replied, closing out of skype and putting his computer to sleep. If people ended up here later they didn't need to see any lurid messages from any tattooed admirers. He bounced down the stairs to the kitchen where Mary was shuffling stuff around, still fussing over stray crumbs and paper napkins. The whole room was filled with an incredible baked scent he could always identify.
[southern_comfort] I do remember how those work
"Oh yeah, why's that?"
"Uhh, whats going on, you guys?"
“Nothing. He’s a douche. Who cares. I thought you wanted me to do something for you?”
“Awesome.” Dean said in the most confident voice he could muster up.
“My name is Inias, I’m a sophomore, I’m gay, and uh I have four brothers I guess.”
Cas dragged himself through the door, and into the dimly lit apartment. He quickly ducked into the kitchen and went shuffling through the fridge. He was starving. Some days he had time between classes to grab lunch, and some days he had to wait until afterward. If he was lucky, on those days the cafeteria would still be open. This was not one of those lucky days. Cas stared into a carton of old Chinese take-out and attempted to cross the kitchen, first running directly into an open drawer, throwing it off the hinges and scattering cutlery across the floor. Cas grumbled and set the Chinese carton down, carefully back pacing to get to the lights he had neglected to hit on his way in.
Cas was in the front center seat on the classroom, slouched against the bent side bar of the crappy desk, and chewing on a pen cap and doing what looked more like drawing than writing to Dean.
Before he knew it he was digging through his closet. Last year the yearbook had needed a group picture of the school’s Gay-Straight-Alliance for the yearbook and everyone voted to take it in Dean’s backyard. And Jo had left her tripod in his room afterwards, where he had
Dean took a look around once he actually took a step inside and yeah, it was definitely ridiculous inside. Everything looked expensive, yet
[literallybatman] enlighten me
“Oh, right!” Jo said, bouncing in her seat. “The winter art show is like, right at the end of winter break, and I need you to be my wingman.”
Dean snorted a laugh and mentally checked out of the conversation. He didn’t particularly care for Meg, or her weird friends, but if it made Jo happy he was willing to go to stupid art shows or go shopping cart racing or take her knife shopping or whatever dumb thing Jo came up with for him to do, like she always did.
“Did- would you want to do that? To stay over?” Dean asked, fixing his glasses and staring at his feet.
"Just a telemarketer, don’t worry about it, mom."
After a moments deliberation he scrolled back up to the askbox and and turned on anonymous again.
“Right.” Jo confirmed. “And she’s the one whose basically running the winter art show. Hers is the centerpiece and she asked me to come see. But I don’t wanna like, go alone, ya know? I could totally strike out. But if I had my totally cool wingman with me we could totally make fun of some dorky art if she blows me off.”
[thrsdy_bby] Of course
[literallybatman] I don’t give a shit what he has to say
“Play a few rounds?” Cas asked confused.
[literallybatman] just until I’m not mad any more
Cas laughed at shoved at Dean's shoulders. “No, that was partially to do with the friends I made, I suppose. Balthazar is, in a word, interesting. But he came from a very well off, very christian family, so Michael approved of him. On his part, it was probably not a very wise decision. Balthazar is a bit of a deviant, his parent had just given up on him enough to stop trying to change his behaviors. He was the first actual friend I made, and he introduced me to just about everyone else I knew there. I suppose one could say Michael pushed me into the wrong crowd.”
before you get all naked or whatever.?"
[southern_comfort] from school?
"I don't hold any expectations that you have refrained from seeing anyone else."
between them, and he stifled a chuckle into the soft bit of skin he was sucking a mark into under Cas' jaw. Cas tightened his fingers in Dean's waistband, earning him an interested
Dean slung his backpack over his shoulder and turned to see Cas standing a little too close for comfort.
Mary finished her drink and shook her head. “He’s blocking us both in. So the options are drive home and come back, or stay over.” She said as she walked to the sink and rinsed out her glass. “You’re always welcome to stay here, sweetheart.” She said with a smile, and patted Dean on the shoulder on her way out of the kitchen.
“It is indeed. Winchester annual cookout commences this weekend. You guys know the drill.”
Dean smiled and spun around in his chair. Maybe I'll take a shower and go watch a movie or something.
"Will you just give me, like, a minute of your time?" Cas called out from behind him.
He felt Cas’ eyes on him again, but he ignored it until the bell rang, quickly jamming his notebook into his bag and rushing out of class.
“When is it, anyway?” Dean asked. “Like I know it’s the winter opening show or whatever. But what day of my vacation am I giving up to watch you embarrass yourself?”
Hopefully he’d make it through today without having a class with him.
Both boys hopped up and headed into the kitchen.
Dean quit spinning and pulled himself back up to the computer desk and wiggled the mouse to wake the screen up again. Clarence’s blog was still up on the screen, unchanged. He clicked over to Skype, still greeted with the same grey offline icon as before.
"So why are you even here Dean?" Cas crossed closer to Dean, fire in his eyes, kicking the stray silverware out of his way. "You have an apartment of your own, yet you come here after work and watch the same six channels I know you have at home. Why are you here?"
[thrsdy_bby] have you given any thought to video chatting yet?
our mother. It was so
[thrsdy_bby] That’s not true
“I saw Michael Novak at the market today.” Mary said to no one in specific, “He said they moved back into town. Apparently Jimmy’s boss transferred him back to the Kansas branch.”
“You know he was lying right? There's nothing wrong with you, Cas.”
Dean picked up a dish towel and stepped up to the sink, taking a wet dish from Mary, quickly drying it, and placing it into the overhead cupboard. Half of the dishes were done before Dean paused and cleared his throat.
"Are you smoking?" Dean asked with disdain, stopping in front of him.
“Hello Mrs. Winchester, it's lovely to see you again.”
"I guess I made a little mess and forgot to clean it up, no biggie, man." Dean replied, kicking at a stray spoon on the floor.
“I'm so sorry, Dean.” Cas muttered into the junction of his neck and shoulder, and it practically punches through him.
He pulled off his glasses, massaged the bridge of his nose, and put them back on his face. There was still another hour before he was going to even entertain the idea of going to sleep, so he tucked in and got on tumblr on his phone again. The gorgeous photographer boy he had started following posted a new picture of what appeared to be a bedroom. The bed was larger than even two people would need and a small dark fluffy cat was sleeping in the middle of it. The only caption said
he asked himself as he leaned against the shower wall and gave himself a few swift strokes. He wondered what the guy would look like in real life. If all that lean muscle was just as gorgeous close up, or if he tasted as good as he looked. He wondered what his lips would feel like on him. If they would be round and plump like Cas’
and checked to see what his queue had posted while he was at school. It wasn’t long before his Skype noise chirped and a message popped up.
[literallybatman] actually touching your body
"Whats up, Cas?" Dean asked, poking his head into the opposite kitchen entrance. "Woah, big mess, nice job, dude."
“Yeah I'm going to probably make a Facebook event and send it to everyone with the confirmed details. But I just wanted to throw it out there before you all go home and log into whatever things take up your time."
“Noo! No. No, Jo. Just leave it. He doesn’t want to sit with us.”
Dean nodded and they fell back into a comfortable silence. The air was biting cold around them, but their shared warmth was nice. The pool of warmth coiling in Dean's stomach was a little less nice, and he mentally scolded himself for the way his mind always went back to thinking about Cas
[thrsdy_bby] Yeah? You like it?
Cas and Dean exchanged a look, and Cas reached over and paused their movie. Dean rolled his eyes again and finished off beer number five.
Dean shucked his pants and overshirt and crawled into bed, curled up and tense, listening to Cas breathe and shift. He contemplated just getting back out of bed and getting a snack or maybe checking if Clarence was online when he felt a warm weight against his back.
Dean shook his head and focused back on his own food. He had only taken a few bites of his burger and the fluttering in his stomach was staving away his hunger.
Jo took a step into the wide circle, and tossed her arms up dramatically.
His voice was deep. Deeper than he would have imagined it getting at twelve. Dean gave him a once-over and counted the glints of metal. He could only spot six piercings, which left the last two to his imagination. He tried not to think about it too hard. Cas had already stepped back in line with the circle. Dean had already mostly stopped caring. He already knew everyone in the circle. There wasn’t anything anyone was going to say to surprise him. He picked at the grease under his nails and waited for his turn.
[southern_comfort] but do you think maybe you should tell him that
"Dean's birthday is approaching. Is this not more suitable than any cake we could buy?" He replied, still peering in the oven.
“Did I or did I not see Cas freakin Novak walking through the halls looking like the wrong end of Hot Topic?”
He returned back to the group to see Jo saying goodbyes and sending people off.
The rest of the day passed in monotony. Classes had passed by so blandly and slowly that by the time the final bell rang he had forgotten his promise to meet Castiel after school. He would have blown off the situation all together, if not for Castiel’s persistence. He stood overly long at his locker, staring in and wondering if he’d forgot something. But making his way to his car Dean could see him, half across the school parking lot, leaning against the impala and finishing the last dregs of a cigarette.
"This is so stupid." Dean scoffed into the phone. "So, what, you’re just gonna sit here and listen to me yell at you?"
[literallybatman] im down i just don't have a webcam connected to this computer
“Jesus Christ, Ash, really?”
[literallybatman] quite a lot actually
[literallybatman] night clarence
[southern_comfort] that’s what I’m here for
stashed it in his closet. He pulled it out from the back and set it in the middle of the room, pulling it into open position as he dropped it. He grabbed his digital camera out of the desk drawer and started clicking through the features.
. So he did.
[thrsdy_bby]
“Okay, I’ll get to finishing up dinner, you boys go do whatever you boys do.”
He glanced around and noticed
[literallybatman] alright then
[literallybatman] pff no
He carded his fingers through Cas' thick hair, trying to turn the
“Wait, you guys kept the lake house?”
“I bet he did.” Dean grumbled back disinterestedly.
"No problem, sweetheart."
"Then he said I didn’t need his shit piled onto mine.
"Yeah, Sam is putting them away now."
[literallybatman]
Cas nodded his head again, eyes still on the ground, and pulled his leather jacket tighter around his waist. "I’ll just go then." He said quietly, stepping away from the impala.
“If anybody’s starin’ it’s cause he’s eating like a damn black hole.” Ash responded and starting picking through Jo’s soggy fries. He quickly came to the same conclusion as Jo, shoving the nasty potatoes away and poking at Dean’s tray.
The front door slammed hard, and Cas winced. Without looking up from his latin book he he sighed, grumbled, and shifted away from Dean's side.
“Just enjoy some art.” She laughed out. “Would it kill you to get a little bit of culture here?”
[literallybatman] you really are too sweet
"Yes, two in the oven. Can you please watch the timer and pull them out when it beeps? Bobby offered to do the grilling, but he can't get the new grill figured out and I need to go help him real quick."
If anyone was going to call him on his shit, it would be Ash. He sighed and chucked his phone in the cup holder, just in time for Sammy to climb in the car.
,” he said, motioning between them, “at the speed it’s going.”
[thrsdy_bby] You’re more gorgeous than you know
Cas immediately shoved Dean off of him, panting and scowling, face still flushed. He pressed one finger to Dean's still damp lips, eyes skating over the way the pink flush of his mouth heaved under his finger.
He capped the marker and stuffed it back into his pocket, leaning forward into Dean’s space. Dean’s head thunked against the window as he met Cas’ eyes. It was hard to forget he was still sprawled out in the backseat of his car, but Cas still between his legs was an enticing fucking offer no matter what the situation. Part of him hated his wounded heart for turning Cas down. The other part was glad as hell that Cas was still the same understanding and loving person he always was.
"You won’t regret it!" He heard from over his shoulder.
He shook his head and tucked in closer to Dean, pulling the blanket tighter around them. “I know you don't like it. Plus I didn't grab them. I just wanted to get out of there as fast as I could. He's such a fucking assbutt I couldn't deal with it.”
pie." And gave Sam a slap on the shoulder on his way out of the kitchen.
"Well, what did you yell at him?"
It only took a single trip with both of them working, they crammed the folding chairs into the bed and closed the gate.
Castiel smiled back and turned to Dean. He was going to pretend it didnt make something inside of him flutter.
“Let’s just find Meg, okay? I’m supposed to be your wingman. This,” he gestured at the painting “doesn’t change why we’re here.”
Cas gave an amused
He wrapped his hands around back of Cas, sliding into the back of his pants and slowly inching them down around the swell of his ass. He nipped at the sharp slope of his hipbones, sucking a dark mark into the soft skin and earning himself a moan from the man underneath him.
[literallybatman] i think he lives in Chicago
. That I was
They settled on the heavy seat of the picnic table, wrapped in a blanket and leaning heavily against the aging rain-warped tabletop.
to a pair of panties. One of the boy’s hands was sliding up his chest, and the other was toying with the gap between his sharp hipbone and the stretched lace, half covering what looked like a tattoo of a white lily.
“It wasn't your fault.”
"Well that's good because I think you're hot as hell and you piss me off!"
and opened tumblr. Not a whole lot going on. Same basic posts as every other day. He quickly was growing bored with it when a Skype alert sounded for a chat invitation from
Dean got quickly out of the impala and jogged up the drive, and yeah the house looked even bigger when he was standing close.
"Your brother has told stories of your past promiscuity, I didn't expect you to change your behavior simply because you sleep with me on occasion." Another tidbit he supplied like it was an unavoidable fact. Dean could feel himself emotionally reeling from it.
Cas laughed and shoved his food around on his tray.
doing that again.”
[literallybatman] it’s thanksgiving break dude
“Yeah, me neither.” Dean grumbled as he pulled out of the circle drive and headed for home.
“What about grandma and grandpa?” Sammy asked, sitting forward.
"This has been nice." Castiel mused, leaning against the side of the truck. "I'm not certain what I was expecting. I'm not a big social function person. But this has been very nice. I'm sure Anna has been having a wonderful time as well."
“Yeah I’m not really sure what any of that means. So the car stuff is done? Is not done? What’s going on?” He asked with a questioning eyebrow. Mary laughed into her wine glass across the kitchen table.
Dean rushed down the hallway and ducked into the bathroom, slamming the door behind him, only to find Castiel on his knees over the bathtub, swirling his hand around in it.
"You're cute when you're angry, did I ever tell you that?" Dean whispered into their close shared space.
"God is real, and he sent me an angel." Dean mumbled against Cas' lips, taking the bowl from Cas' hands and shoving it into the sink, sloshing hot soapy water up to his elbow.
[thrsdy_bby] I intend to respect yours
were the only conversation. Sam was the first to finish and push himself back from the table.
into Dean's mouth and quickly kissed back, wrapping his wet hands around the small of Dean's back and allowing himself to be pressed up against the counter. The heat was gone from the air almost instantaneously, leaving them pressed together and trading lazy kisses, just smiling into each others mouths. Cas reached down and shoved his hands into Dean's back pockets, giving him a squeeze and a chuckle, and earning whatever the manly version of a giggle is in return. Because Dean Winchester definitely does not giggle. And if he did, it would be because of a
“Ooh, is it time?” Jo asked, jamming fries into her mouth.
"Yeah yeah I can-" Sam pulled the phone from his face covering the mouth piece and looking apologetically at the others. "One of my assignments submitted wrong, and if I don't go sort it out I could fail the course. You guys aren't gonna be pissed if I leave are you?"
“Soo..?” Jo said as she slid across the seat and elbowed Dean in the arm. “How was your Christmas?”
[thrsdy_bby]
"So I’ll listen. And then I’ll talk."
[southern_comfort] condolences, brother
“Yeah. I mean, we didn't do anything too it since we left. Its still basically an electric shed at the lake, and now there's probably some weird animal living in it. But no, we never sold it. We could go this summer, if we wanted.”
The rest of dinner passed by quietly, if not completely awkwardly. When he was done eating Dean put his plate in the sink and headed back up to his room. This whole Castiel situation was stressing him out and giving him a headache.
"You know, I bet you'd be a hell of a lot more comfortable if you actually sat in the chairs." He said, setting the table up in the grass near them.
[literallybatman] yeah I’m not sure what the difference is
"I wasn't even gone five minutes."
[literallybatman] I’m not obligated to take his shit
“Jesus, Cas.” he muttered as he climbed the stairs.
“It’s like half done. I mean you could probably drive it home? But the tune up stuff isn’t done. I could drive you home if you want.”
“You know, ” Charlie started, taking a package of ho-hos from Dean’s hulking tray, “she used to be totally normal or whatever and then over last summer she cut all her hair off and bleached it and came back doing crazy art. I heard she already has a scholarship because of it. She hangs out with the Rubys. And that Crowley kid.”
“I guess I must be.”
He very quickly went flailing, tumbling into the tub with a wet
“It's better than nothing.” He shrugged, and they both got out of the car.
. He furrowed his brows in confusion at the screen before clicking
He did follow a few NSFW blogs, because let’s be real, a boys got needs. He went through a few of the more ‘artsy’ NSFW blogs he was following, trying to find a picture he had seen a few weeks ago of someone he wouldn’t mind seeing more of. Every time he saw it he couldn’t help but ogle the man in it, who had to be around his own age. He scrolled through hoping it had originally been posted on tumblr, and not reposted from weheartit, or that it at least had been sourced right.
[thrsdy_bby is online]
[literallybatman] and I kinda ran outta there
“Is that blood?” Sammy asked, furrowing his brows together.
I don’t care that you avoided me. I don’t care whether or not you want anything to do with me now. I just wanna be left alone."
He faced the board and tried to listen to Mr Fitzgerald talk about whatever the hell they were currently studying, Shakespearean sonnets or something. He didn’t really care. There was a poem structure written on the whiteboard and he doodled it in the margins of his notebook, next to a lopsided TARDIS and a really big AC/DC.
"Maybe I don’t wanna talk to you."
[thrsdy_bby] Have you seen it yet?
"Because you left the drawer wide open and allowed this to happen. And on top of that, there are cornflakes everywhere. Why is that, Dean? Can you explain to me why that is?"
"Goodbye, Dean." Castiel yelled back over his shoulder.
When class finally ended Dean waiting for most of the class, including Cas, to clear out before he left the classroom and headed at full speed to the art wing for Auto Shop. It was going to be a long day.
and before he knew it he was spilling onto the shower floor and only feeling a little guilty and a little more ashamed. Jerking it to thoughts of a complete stranger was one thing, but to thoughts of Cas was a whole different ballpark.
. He tried to rocket his mind into another pocket of thought, but with Cas his brain had very limited range of things it wanted to contain.
"We lost the remote," Dean cut in, "and we're pretty sure its on the floor somewhere. Probably."
“Is it that guy over there?” She whispered twisting around to gape at him. “He doesn’t look like your type but he’s a total babe. He’s new right? I bet I could get him to come sit with us.”
“I dunno. Nothing yet. She’s cute, and she’s in my Latin class. I asked about her art and she told me she’s the main piece in the show coming up. Asked me to come see and
"Dean!!" Mary called up from the kitchen.
"Dude, you're allowed to say no, or tell me to fuck off and I will. But don't just stare at me like that, its creepy."
"Oh."
[thrsdy_bby] Well hello there, gorgeous
“Is that when you went all,” Dean motioned vaguely at Cas, “Donnie Darko, or whatever?”
"I uh, I talked to Cas today."
“They don't count, okay. Whatever, are we going inside or what? Is she here?”
[thrsdy_bby] goodnight Bruce
“That is the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me.”
Dean stopped.
“It's okay.” Dean whispered into his hair.
"Yep, same as it always was." Dean spit back. He heard Cas sigh on the other end. "What do you want, Cas?"
And for the first time, it was.
He hesitated for a second before saying
“Uggh, fine. When I was a little girl I wanted to be a princess when I grew up.”
“Me and Kevin and Andy are gonna build an igloo when it snows, but we have to wait.” Sammy said to the ceiling.
