St. George, Utah was desert and sand. Sherlock wore jeans which John had no idea he owned. Sherlock was annoyed his hair wasn’t curly due to the weather.
They went down with Greg and John and Sherlock flagged a cabbie because he didn’t want to ride in Greg’s unmarked vehicle. The ten minute drive to Kensington’s Lady Diana Memorial Park was uneventful. However, as soon as they were outside of the cab, Sherlock swayed. “Dizzy,” John whispered.
“Sherlock, you know what you did is wrong. I want to understand, I do, okay. What I don't understand is why?”
Sherlock didn’t miss a beat; he scowled at John. “Never better.” He said sarcastically. They walked the short distance to Gregory Lestrade’s division; Homicide and Sexual Crimes. They found Greg in his office chatting with an older man, the police captain.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Neurologists and psychologists want us to be normal.” Sherlock stood up pacing the sitting room floor. “These therapies punished us when we were not compliant.”
Sherlock sighed, sounding resigned. “I don’t want to go; however it’s for someone I care about so I will go.”
They could not rent 221 Baker Street anymore because even if Sherlock’s balance improved, the Achilles injury gave him chronic pain. Also, regaining his level of agility was very hard. So they bought a flat in a high-rise with a lift near Regents Park. He and Sherlock would miss the Baker Street flat but needs must.
John looked at Sherlock and back at Greg. “Sherlock was sick, 'was' being the operative word. I am sorry, Greg. I can’t tell you…”
“My friend and I have an appointment with Chairman of the board, Mr Milverton,” Sherlock said, faking an American accent.
The next morning, Sherlock decided to propose to John. So while John was working, he went outside to look for a ring. Twenty minutes later, he came across a jewellery store and entered. “Hi, sir,” a man in his early twenties said. “Welcome to Chanel. What can I help you with?”
Sherlock didn’t ascribe to the superstition about not seeing his fiancé twenty-four hours before getting married. Plus it was their first time sleeping in their new room.
When he got there, he saw Sherlock was playing with his wristwatch, twisting it back and forth in his hand like rubber. “Sherlock,” he said looking at his partner. “You okay?” He touched Sherlock’s arm.
Sherlock had been out of the country. He went to see Ella and talked to her. After his session he had been diagnosed with PTSD, just last week.
Sherlock gave John a sad expression and John gave his hand a tight squeeze. “I really don’t want to get other people sick.”
“Do you know why that is?” Mycroft asked with thinly veiled annoyance. “Do you think he wants me to tell you?” The elder Holmes asked and John shook his head.
Sherlock nodded and said nothing. A short drive later, the taxi was depositing the men at the hospital’s main entrance. John looked at Sherlock and sighed. ‘Is this going to be his life? I didn’t mind because I love him but I don’t want to see him struggle.’ John thought.
The plane ride from Los Angeles International to Heathrow was uneventful. Sherlock and John were both excited and anxious to be back on their home turf. When they landed at the airport, there were people waiting for them; it wasn’t just their family but there were also fans of John’s blog.
Sherlock heaved a sigh of relief, then said, “I will admit I have Autism if you admit our relationship to NSY, to the surgery, your army mates and to your mother and Harry.”
John slumped down on his knees. “I hope you can forgive me, but if not,  Sherlock, I am gladly walking away knowing that I saved your life.”
Sherlock looked lost; John wanted to hug him and tell him how he was proud of him. He knew it wasn’t welcomed in the best of days much more on this. Sherlock hated being touch without warning; instead, “I know… However, you want to talk to Mycroft, right?”
Sherlock didn’t even look towards his direction. John hunched down beside Sherlock and touched his arm very firmly. “Sherlock!” Sherlock looked at John. “Are you alright?”
If he could not run after suspects and do his thing as the ‘World’s Only Consulting Detective’ then he would just go and work for Mycroft. John obviously liked that he could look after Sherlock at work.
I had never needed to work my entire life. Until now. I will work as an aid to some students with a disability with their exams and just being a friend to them.
Sherlock took a deep breath and clenched his teeth. “I was eleven. My mother was telling my dad that she would be looking for me to not live independently with a roommate because I have Aspergers.”
“What? Come again?” John asked, surprise and a little bit of anger creeping in his voice. He couldn’t believe what Sherlock was saying.
Sherlock had shot James Moriarty in the head at  one memorable meeting, in a final showdown of wits.
“Sherlock?” Mycroft said worriedly. “I know you hate the idea of working with police officers not named Lestrade-”
His mother was there when the two men arrived. Sherlock and John made eye contact. “I’ll talk to her,” he said at the same time as Sherlock said, “I’ll talk to him.”  They smiled at each other.
John could hear Kate reciting the famed Miranda warnings as he and Sherlock entered the house. “You have the right to remain silent…”
John nodded; he didn’t remember that he didn’t face to face with the man. “Yes,” He said to the phone. “We could do that…” John wrote a Ten Thousand word article.
There were some things that John was worried about with him. Sherlock was withdrawn. Panic attacks were a daily occurrence and the stimming was more severe. He had spoken with Mycroft about this and they had both agreed that Sherlock needed professional help. However, Sherlock was so stubborn.
John gave him a smile. Sherlock was asleep. “I love you, Sherlock.” He took Sherlock’s hand and fell asleep as well.
“I know, love.” John knew that Sherlock had symptoms of OCD, too. His partner was meticulous with what he ate. He never ate on a case because food tended to disturb his stomach and, when his stomach acted up, he couldn’t work. IBS tended to be a lesser known side effect of Autism.
Kate and Robert were waiting for them when they entered the pub. She approached them. “Sherlock, John, how are you?” They sat at a round table. “By the way, thank you. We could not do this without your help.”
He followed me and the crowd of our fellow students to the campus. We walked from the campus to my car. I held his hand while I drove out of the campus to the bistro.
Today, Greg was in the condo with them discussing a case. “A body was found today in Kensington Garden,” Greg said in frustration. “I need your help, Sherlock. Will you come and see the scene?"
John thought about what he would tell Greg. It wasn’t his place to tell him about how personal the case had become for Sherlock. So, He just shook his head and left the office; leaving the Detective inspector wondering.
Victor looked at John and back to Sherlock; but decided to say nothing about the seizures. He answered Sherlock’s question.“The very nature of boarding schools because of its enclosed environment in which teachers can wield tremendous power; Pedophiles were attracted to it. It was made possible in the decades' past, parents were often reluctant to question teachers’ authority.”
Sherlock looked at him, annoyance in his eyes. “The internet is a good research martial, John, especially for a young kid.”
He just sat in his home office feeling crappy. Sherlock sighed and stood up and went to their bedroom. He should just sleep, so that’s what he did. He hoped John would come back home.
Greg was at his wits ends. “God, Sherlock; I kept you sane all those years ago. You couldn’t even help me with this?” He shouted, and Donavan entered.
After he ate Sherlock left John to write the blog for last nights case. John heard Sherlock rustle around the lab converted bedroom. He began writing when he heard Mrs Hudson enter the flat with a plate of biscuits.
A week after the ‘bed incident’, as John dubbed it, Greg Lestrade came to their flat for advice on a case.
John laughed bitterly. “How could I, Sherlock? You're the love of my life, you dimwit. I was so depressed and. I didn’t know if… I wanted to follow you…”
They got down the steps, they were trying to hail a cab. Fifteen minutes later, there were no cabbies in the vicinity of Baker Street; Sherlock was getting antsy. “Sherlock, calm down,” John said. “I would be calling Mycroft for a car, okay, Love?”
Then there was a voice from Lestrade’s left. It was his best friend and brother, Sherrinford. Sherlock looked at Sherrin and smiled. “Surprise! It’s a real pirate ship.”
They climbed into the car without any word. The drive from Baker Street to Chelsea was uneventful; Sherlock loved the ride even if he wasn’t the one driving. They had decided not to go to breakfast because there was no time to eat out.
Sherlock took a deep breath. ”We were eating at Starbucks when we heard gunshots. Like a good consulting detective, I followed the bullet trajectory. It wasn’t this random woman; they wanted to shoot us.”
Kate was sitting in a plush chair near the entrance of the hotel when they arrived. She saw them first. “Hi, John, Sherlock, how're things?”
“Thank you,” they both said in unison. They left the doctor’s office in high spirits. The three of them drove to a Japanese restaurant near the hotel to treat Danielle and themselves.
Sherlock could hear Andreka’s voice from the other room, then Maximilian came out of the room. “Mr Holmes?”
He went upstairs to confront Sherlock. Sherlock was asleep in their bed but it was good that he was asleep because he could observe his husband. Greg was right; Sherlock looked awful. He was rail thin with sunken eyes and grey skin. Sherlock was wasting away in front of his eyes.
His voice was getting louder by the moment. “So you didn’t care, on what was happening on Maximilian at school.”
Then a police officer was there in Sherlock's face. “Sir, would you please get up.” John looked at Sherlock who tensed up a bit.
He shrugged and began typing. “You don’t live here - you live off campus. You were fifteen minutes late and your watch has been passed down generations. By the way, the name is Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock was agitatedly rocking on the balls of his feet. John thought he looked like a man in deep trouble, and all because his brother had said something shitty. “Sherlock,” John said, catching Sherlock’s eye. Sherlock who didn’t have good eye contact at the best of times averted his eyes.
They left to go to the FBI office in New York City. Sherlock took John’s hand and gave it a tight squeeze. What he didn’t say was: “We can do this together. I love you so much.”
Greg led Sherlock to a Subway. They sat on a bench and Sherlock felt better after a couple of bites. They talked about the case when Sherlock mentioned that he needed a search warrant on the records for three pool companies. Greg got the warrant.
Sherlock looked piteously. “I can’t take that; I had a bad reaction to Lorazepam in rehab," Sherlock said, playing with his wristwatch.
They arrived at a hotel a couple of minutes later. Sherlock was slumped in his seat from tirednesd; John watched his he left the rental. After a while Sherlock stood up and touched his arm lovingly. He knew that Sherlock was apologising to him.
Sherlock looked at John dazed. He was sitting on the ground, unresponsive. “Sherlock, are you okay?” John repeated. “Sherlock?”
John could practically hear the gasp at the other end of the line. “Yes, Dr Watson, did you found something?”
His father had gone home shortly after we found him.  We just sat there for three hours straight until it was time to be getting ready for Mycroft's visit.
From the first note on, Sherlock and Sherrin played beautifully. They played a Bach piece, a baroque sonata in G minor. Sherlock had his eyes closed while his sister concentrated on the keyboard. The piece was amazingly done and it was very apparent that these two played a lot.
Sherlock’s mother kissed him on the cheek. “Introduce your friend, Sherlock,” she said challengingly.
Sherlock started pacing. “Ah, we should call every pool manufacturer in England for a person who bought a lot of chlorine.”
Sherrin was vocal stimming, like a locomotive engine. “At the shops. Johann Sebastian Bach composed six little preludes. Would you want to hear?” She turned to me.
“Yes, let’s go to bed, shall we?” He held up a hand and Sherlock took it. Hand in hand, they went to their bedroom.
He didn’t know what to feel about Mycroft. On the one hand he was John's former brother-in-law so that ought to mean something. On the other hand, he sold his brother to the devil incarnate, leading to him jumping off St. Barts' roof.
One conciliation sounded in John’s ear; Sherlock had ASD. Why hadn’t he told John about it? They were married for heaven’s sake. He walked up to Willow’s room. He crept into Sherlock talking to his daughter.
Sherlock didn’t even stir. He just sat there, listless after playing the violin. John was worried. He tapped Sherlock on his shoulder; the detective didn’t move an inch. “Sherlock?” John said.
Sherlock looked at her. He was a bit annoyed and John understood; they were tired. “I thought you said…”
“Caring wasn’t an advantage,” Sherlock said to himself. John knew those words came from Mycroft; now he knew where that thought came from. Mycroft cared for Victor and nothing happened.
The spell ended near Columbus when Sherlock tapped him three times. He turned and Sherlock was signing BSL for food.
After they consume the tea; Sherlock looked at Callahan and cleared his throat. “Can you tell us, what happened with Mr Landon?”
Sherlock got his laptop from the coffee table, started his research. John watched patiently, as he checked Maximillian’s Facebook account, then his twitter and his Tumblr. Then he tapped John’s arm. “I got it, John, looked up Gracie Cooper’s Beyond the Graveyard.”
They followed Kate upstairs to a conference room. Sherlock and John sat in uncomfortable chairs. Kate showed them a photograph of Sebastian Moran while Sherlock wrote on a whiteboard.
John was working at the clinic downstairs and they were going to catch up later at the canteen for lunch. That had been their routine.
John beamed at Sherlock; they sat in companionable silence until John tagged at Sherlock’s arm. “We need to go to pack for America.” Sherlock followed him inside their bedroom.
The call to the Andreka-Carlson’s home was a Herculean task; John thought gravely, however it couldn’t help he knew. Sherlock was pacing the room thinking of god knows what. He dialled; the mother, Dr Andreka answered.
John took a deep breath. “As I told you yesterday, I was thirteen years old when I was seen by my father jerking off with a picture of an actor who was really cute.  Harry, my sister, came out that year. It just piled up, I guess. He brought me to Norfolk the next day with bruises still fresh.”
“I would give you a Prescription, okay?” John said, and Sherlock nodded his head. They first got back inside the flat; for John to write him the prescription for Neurontin.
“Oh,” John said and the air changed very abruptly. He took Sherlock’s hand in his. “Did you call it off after he did drugs?”
Sherlock remembered that he needed to speak with John about his plans. He took a deep breath and said, “I am thinking of retiring.” He watched as too many emotions flickered onto John’s face: shock, disappointment and then sadness.
John recognised being played by Sherlock Holmes. He wanted to punch Sherlock, but instead he hugged him. “You git,” he told Sherlock as soon he let go of Sherlock. “Sherlock,  I am serious.”
The first person that greeted him was his former nanny and now the caretaker, Linda Nicholson. She had taken care of Sherlock and Sherrin while their parents were roaming around the world.
John handed Milverton the fake forms that one of Mycroft’s people had handed them yesterday in the hotel room.
The day was just starting; the sun rising in the east. Sherlock was asleep in the rental car. John drove. It was like driving to ends except there was no end in sight. It reminded him of the Beatles song, ‘The Long And Winding Road’.
After about a minute, Sherlock disentangled and sat on the couch. Taking a deep breath, he explained. “We were investigating a case, a mother and father brought a cypher to our notice. When we decode the cypher, it became clear that the kid was being molested by a teacher.” Sherlock said quietly.
They headed to a twenty-four hour Urgent Care office. Sherlock was seen right away by a doctor in her mid-30’s. “He needs an x-ray of the head, Dr. Watson,” the Nurse Practitioner said. She was talking to John, after John had told her Sherlock had Autism.
Max looked towards the rooms and shook his head. “Ah… I told him, I am going to call my parents. If he did what he was thinking. He told me that if I told them, they won’t believe me. I told him they would.”
“In 1999, Mr Talbot was in Eton. He was bounced from school to school.” John said. “Now, he was just retired.”
“I saw Irene this morning,” he typed on my phone and showed me. “I want you as my aid.” He looked very lost.
John soften. “I am not into telling him to go do somethings, Mycroft. Sorry. Would you let me down, please.”
Sherlock saw not the MI6 director, not the summa cum laude of Oxford or the pompous arse. He saw a man who kept a secret from his family for so long. He went to hug his brother. “Mycroft, I am sorry.”
Sherlock sighed. “Don’t be, John. I deleted it from the mind palace or I tried to, but alas I could never delete it.”
“You're very welcome, and it’s nothing.” We resumed dancing, now, near our seats. I ordered us drinks.
At about four in the afternoon, while he was playing the violin; a black Mercedes arrived in front of 221. Sherlock groaned internally, he heard Mycroft entering the house. “Good Afternoon, Sherlock!” Mycroft said; scarily sweet.
John thought for a bit. If they went to the hospital it would be much harder for Sherlock to sleep and also they had a child to rescue. John nodded reluctantly. “But if your symptoms….”
They had to cancel their meeting at Harrow today. John called Callahan, Callahan wasn’t happy, but Sherlock looked awful, and there was no way that John would let him interview the school.
John caught up with him after he bid a hasty goodbye to Callahan. As soon as they were outside the car; John asked, “Sherlock, What was that about?”
“There are at least a hundred books in here, Sherlock, How are we going to get what the book is,” John said, a tad bit outrage.
Greg looked at him, surprised. “I know you have a degree and all, Sherlock but you hate working with victims of violent crimes,” he pointed out.
“Why?” Sherlock asked. "There’s nothing wrong with being gay; I knew I was gay before I knew I had autism.”
As they were driving, he looked at Sherlock. He had so much love for him that it hurt.  He remembered watching Sherlock sleep in Baskerville - that was the first instance he knew he loved Sherlock.
John, Sherlock and Mary were talking when Mary slipped. “The director of our agency, Jim, died. He was such a kind hearted man.” Sherlock and John cringed inwardly.
“Oh, my poor love,” John said. He kissed Sherlock on the cheek. “Love you, let’s get you to bed, shall we?”
“We didn’t find him in the camp even when we walked from one end to another.” If Sherlock wasn’t sure whether or not Carter was alive then they had a problem. John nodded his head and they began their day. He drove them to ground camp.
“I have a case.” Said Sherlock simply. “I have no time to sleep. I just want to keep you company.” He added the last part with a smile.
Sherlock sighed. He needed to sleep. It was already three in the morning; they had gone to bed at around twelve. He was excited and nervous. He turned onto his side and carded his hand through John’s hair. “I love you, John, so very much.”
Sherlock sighed. “The trajectory of that bullet, John.” Sherlock paced around the park. “We need to call Kate.”
Mycroft got a hold of the tablet. “I’ve already solved it; I am telling you that he made communiqué.”
I waited with Sherrin, in her room. He was playing, I looked around the room, it was nice with high ceilings. Sherlock came in with a violin. We left his at my apartment.
By mutual agreement, they  decided John was to drive them from Salt Lake City to St. George. They got there five hours later.
Asking Mycroft for favours was like asking a stubborn child to wear their coat when outside in the cold. "Yes." There was no point in lying to Mycroft. “I need you to point me to an unsolvable maritime incident.”
“Insulin-dependent?” Sherlock asked while sipping his tea. Lestrade nodded. “Syringe?” Lestrade nodded again. After a short deliberation, Sherlock said, “Girlfriend.”
“John, I know, especially for him.” He turned to Mycroft, giving him a dirty look. “However, Carter is a friend of my family and I don’t want any harm to come to him.” He looked at John.
“Yes, as if you didn’t know that.” Victor sighed. “I studied kids who were abused by priest, clergy, and teachers.”
Then John was speaking. “We first met almost three years ago when I was invalided home from Afghanistan. I thought my life was over…” He choked out the last words. Clearing his throat, he said, “Then I met Mike on his way to work; I told him who would have wanted to be flatmates with me? Wow, Sherlock, that was almost three years ago. I'm still pinching myself expecting to wake up from a dream. I promise to be faithful and love you and our children.”
Sherlock winced a bit with the shoulder movement. “They twisted my damm arm.” John looked at the arm and kissed it softly.
It was ten in the evening. Sherlock and John sat in the hotel cafeteria, eating their dinner when Mycroft rang. Sherlock answered after the first ring. “Hello,” he said.
John sighed. He wasn't sure if Sherlock was okay, or not. It was hard for him to ask because Sherlock would be so defensive. “I’ll get ready for the day, okay.” Sherlock waved him off.
John had a long day at St. Barts; he just wanted to have a quiet night with at home with Sherlock. He was walking home when Mycroft’s car stopped him. “Get in,” Mycroft said opening the window.
“You want to give Sherlock a murder to solve for his stag night, Sherrin. Are you kidding me?” Mycroft asked.
Sherlock finished his degrees last year, a year ahead of schedule. He was at the top of his class in both chemistry and music. I finished my internship last year.
Sherlock nodded, and explain. “I met with Victor on Monday. He told me you saved him, Mycroft? Is this true?”
Five minutes later, they went inside. Sherlock was the first one to enter. He was greeted by Sherrinford with a hug. “Congratulations, Sherlock!”
Sherlock glanced at the time, it was four-thirty. John would be back by five “Mycroft, you want a cuppa.” Sherlock asked walking towards the kitchen to make tea.
Sherlock was still working for Mycroft. He and John worked a case of four homicides that they linked to an American man from years ago who had killed eight people in the Los Angeles area. John had been working directly for the MI5 because he was qualified and Mycroft wanted him there to keep an eye on Sherlock. Mycroft had been pleased. They still consulted with Greg Lestrade.
He saw Sherlock type Kingsley Andersen on the Facebook search bar. “Dammit,’ Sherlock hissed looking at John with anger in his eyes. “He is still working in Yorkshire.”
Mrs Hudson came up during the day; bringing them banana bread. Sherlock ate the thing. “Sherlock, you are going to develop diabetes,” John commented at one point.
As soon as they entered the detective inspector’s office; Greg ran towards them. “Sherlock?” A question in his eyes. “Oh, good, you’re here.”
John knew that because of the day they had to have, Sherlock would be plagued with nightmares. However, it was still disappointing to see him that way. The first time it happened was when they had fallen asleep on the sofa; Sherlock woke up with a start, gasping for breath. They moved to the bed after that.
We sat in the car with the sunroof open stargazing until the early hours of the morning, just talking and holding hands.
“What? He was being molested at school.” Sherlock said, voice tight. He may lack social graces but he couldn’t let a child be targeted.
Sherlock took a sip of his coffee. It took him a long time to answer Greg’s question. “You’re right. However, I want to assist with cases in a much more… legitimate way.”
John sat that way for an hour while Sherlock slept; thinking about of all people Mycroft Holmes. He had pity for his sort of brother in law. If Trevor would have believed; Mycroft was eight years old when the abuse first started. His family was in the states when this was happening?
I heard Mike Stamford’s voice. “John, you’re twenty minutes late. Your charge has been waiting for you.”
I frowned at her. Sherlock was non-verbal and they wanted him to speak. What the hell? And meanwhile, Sherlock dutifully said the words.
Sherlock looked at him down his nose. John could see the perfectly crafted facade Sherlock gave him. He crouched at Sherlock's left side.
When Sherlock woke up the morning after his diagnosis, he felt many emotions. He was sad and angry and he was most of all scared.
“I know it’s difficult, John but I think it could help you. What did they tell you in the church or office or wherever it was?’ Sherlock said, uncomfortable with the sentiment of it.
“I am not in the business of telling my boyfriend who was, by the way, a consenting adult to come to a party he doesn’t want to go to.” John opened the door. However, Mycroft looked at John at that moment realization dawned on John's eyes. “So, he went to Baker Street then? You and Sherlock talked then?” Mycroft nodded.
Sherlock nodded and took the tablet from John’s hand. “I don’t like anti-anxiety drugs, John.” Sherlock gave a weak protest but took the pill anyway.
John stood at the threshold between the seating area and the kitchen, with one hand on his back. “Give us a moment, Mrs Hudson.”
Sherlock shrugged again. "After I went to university, I lived on the streets. Mum died when I was twelve, dad when I was twenty-two."
Sherlock nodded. “So was he talking about what was going on at school?” He asked playing with a stress ball in his right hand.
After the music ended, Sherlock sat down and gave him a chaste kiss. John leaned in. They made out, hand on hair. Then, there was a knock on the door. Mrs Hudson was standing in the doorway. “Hoo, hoo, boys,” she said. “You shouldn’t be seeing each other. It’s bad luck.”
They walked from the park and were halfway to Baker Street when Lestrade rolled down his car window. “John, Sherlock, I need to talk to you about the money laundering case.”
The attendant nodded while Sherlock glowered at him. John and the attendant helped Sherlock into the chair. He rolled the chair inside of the airport.
As I went back and sat next to him, I noticed something was wrong. There was a glass on the table. “Did you drink this, Sherlock?” I asked, holding up the glass while peering at his eyes. No response, bloody hell. “What the fuck, Sherlock, are you tripping?”  Again no response. “Sherlock, I swear to god.”
The two checked into a hotel wherein Sherlock wanted to talk. Sherlock looked at John, who said, “No, not right now, love, okay.” Sherlock huffed and sulked.
John stared at Sherlock; he didn't know what to say so he remained silent. Of course, Sherlock was prescribed medications.
I went downstairs, as I lived alone just outside campus. Grabbing a granola bar I went to sit down in my living room.  It was a sunny day and, as I was about to leave, my phone rang; it was my friend from Student affairs. “Watson?”
He took the lift to the second floor of the hospital where the ICU was located. John looked around for a familiar face. Mycroft exited the hallway with a woman who was obviously his wife or girlfriend. John walked towards him and abruptly punched Mycroft's face.
Sherlock’s HIV meds were working and the side effects were minimal. However Sherlock and John knew that this set of medication would not work forever. They had to just take one day at a time.
It made total sense to John that Sherlock would find psychology and neurochemistry fascinating. “What did you do after university?"
“Oh my God, Sherlock. I didn’t know,” John said, picking up Sherlock’s hand and kissing it. “I am sorry.”
He found Sherlock inside the hotel alcove, lost in thought and blinking rapidly. John thought he was having a seizure but he wasn't. Sherlock did that sometimes, blink when the light was bothering him.
He wouldn’t admit it to John but, when he lived in the US in the late 80’s because of his family business, he was bullied in the all boys day school his parents sent him to, because he was clever, autistic, and obviously being a ’girl’ which was a code for being gay.
“Willow, you have Autism Spectrum Disorder,” Sherlock said. “This means that your brain is a bit different from others.” He was rocking their daughter vigorously, just like Willow liked it. “I love you,” Sherlock’s voice almost cracked. “I am very sorry that your life is going to be very complicated, but always remember that Daddy and Papa love you so much.” John crept back out.
Sherlock stood up, followed by John on his heals. However, Mrs Hudson stood up and hugged John. “I am very happy he has you, John, Thank you.”
By the next afternoon, Sherlock got over the bug. He wasn’t the listless, sick man anymore. John was happy that his partner was getting better.
John woke up around nine; Sherlock was looking at him with searching blue-green eyes. “Good morning, Sherlock, how’re you feeling today?”
When he ate, though, he was very particular about what kind of food he ate. Sherlock loved French pastries, burgers, dumplings, chips and pasta. Also, he had a lot of rules with eating. For instance, he wouldn’t eat without a fork and spoon unless eating crisps or chips; also, the utensils had to be metallic.
Mycroft sighed too, a very grateful one. “ Sherlock, I will pay John handsomely for the help. I know you don’t want any of it.”
“Sherlock." John wrapped his arm about Sherlock’s shoulder. “Do you not want to go on a plane because the airport is noisy or are you frightened about the plane ride?”
They entered inside a carriage. They were lucky that it was late enough that the tube was empty, and they had somewhere to sit.
It had been four days since Sherlock’s diagnosis. Dr Wilson had told them that after two weeks if Sherlock did not feel better when it came to the side effects they would change his medication.
“I need to call my brother.” Sherlock hung up, he realised that he didn’t know where he was.  “I have an idea, John, turn on the GPS on your iPhone. Find me on there,” he told John impatiently.
John felt bewildered. Where on earth was he coming from? John thought. “I don’t know what to say here, Sherlock.”
Sherlock didn’t open his car door. He looked at John and blurted out “When I was away, I talked to you.”
Lestrade and Sherlock sat in the lounge, while John made them tea. John saw Sherlock checked his wristwatch impatiently. “Sherlock, we need you; seventeen-year-old girl…”
Sherlock began to drive towards the direction of the ANAZAZI wilderness camp central office near  the Joseph Smith's memorial. John was gritting his teeth in the passenger seat for how fast Sherlock drove on the motorway. At one point, John thought they were going to crash.
However, as the escalator was moving down, Sherlock saw fans of John's blog. He would not admit it to John but he was emotional for he hadn’t expected people to do this. ‘Sentimentality wasn’t helpful, dammit.’ Sherlock thought.
“You need to take the Valium, Sherlock,” John told Sherlock while they were in the car headed to the airport.
They all sat down. “I am a big fan of the blog, Dr Watson,” Callahan said. “Tea, you like, boys.” The younger men nodded their ascent. “He called to his assistant.
Maximillian sighed. “I told him I don’t know. He said, well I can help you figure out if you’re gay. He undresses me…” He sounded like he wanted to cry.
He walked towards Sherlock’s side. “We’re late, Sherlock,” John said ushering Sherlock outside. They walked towards the lift and to the garage. Sherlock sat in the driver seat before John could.
It was good that there weren’t people milling around. We moved steadily towards him. “Sherlock, what are you doing here?” I asked.
Sherrin continued after taking a sip of his wine. “Lock was playing with a video game. I was like six years old, Lock was like five, while Mikey was off to Eton. Sherlock had found a squirrel; he showed me the thing and told me that he would take care of it. I told him, no way; I explained to Sherlock that he couldn’t. The next instance, Mummy was standing next to him, and she forcefully took the squirrel from him.”
Sherlock got another of his computer from under the cofee table.  He turned the thing on and opened the Numbers app. He typed Name in one column; working in another and then the third is where.
Thursday morning, Sherlock was totally better; they decided to go to Harrow. So they left the flat at ten and by eleven they were inside the office waiting for Callahan to come in.
He had always thought that there was something wrong with him. That he wasn’t as smart as Mycroft. His older brother had friends growing up. He did not.
“It’s John Watson. I am with Sherlock Holmes,” John said, looking towards his partner who was speaking to himself.
They climbed in the car and was silent for the drive to Baker Street. Sherlock looked at him at one point. “I wasn’t a target, because Mycroft warned  them.” He said that quietly. “I am just…”
“Sure.” He figured that if Sherlock woke up then the nurses could call him. They walked to Stamford’s office.
Sherlock, realising the extent of the kids' ordeal, was panting and left a confused Earvin gaping after him.
Sherrin took a sip of his wine and sighed. “Mum’s brother, who died of AIDS-Related illness in the ’80s. He was an artist in New York."
“Why did you not tell me? We’re married, Sherlock! It makes a lot of sense, you know.” John said, voice not harsh but imploring.
John gave a dry laugh. “You're barely upright, Sherlock. It’s only been a week, love, five days to be exact.” Sherlock swayed again. “Look at you. If you feel better tomorrow you can come back here.”
They watched a show until a nurse changed Sherlock’s IV medications. And then they fell asleep. The nurses were cooing at them.
Sherlock looked back and forth between his phone and the drink. He picked up his drink and sipped it, nodding his head affirmatively.
Sherlock stirred and after a minute fully woke up. “Let’s go.” They packed the laptop and the toiletries. They stopped to eat at a Subway in New Jersey. John drove because of the lingering effects of the Valium in Sherlock’s system.
The ambulance that Sherlock discretely called finally arrived. John let them in. “The most injured one goes first.” the medic said as he and John let them in.
Sherlock looked at him. “The first year I was in university, I read chemistry. Then an ex-boyfriend.” He smiled sadly, remembering Victor. “Victor’s father was murdered while we were at uni. I was studying Chemistry at that time, and then a forensics psychologist interviewed me. I became intrigued by the trade."
“The victim didn’t die here; there’s no struggle. When your suspect brought him, he was already dead.” Sherlock looked around and knelt down next to the body. “He is obviously gay. I think he has been assaulted, no scratches on the body though,” Sherlock said, kneeling down and getting the packet from under the small bench.
The night before the wedding, their bedroom at the newly renovated house was quiet. Sherlock was still awake while John had fallen asleep minutes ago.
This is my very first Sherlock fan fiction, so thank you for reading, it wasn't perfect. I know it wasn't. But I enjoyed writing this one. My next fic would be called; A change of heart.  Please do comment. Thank you very much.
“What on earth happened?” John asked. “I was just out for a little over ten minutes.” Sherlock didn’t answer, obviously he had gone non-verbal. John was not surprised. “I need you to sign or nod your head if you can hear me.”
The boys went back to the flat after driving around London. Sherlock began the search for victims of childhood Sexual abuse in the UK’s finest boarding schools. They found one in Essex. They made an appointment with him on monday morning.
Sherlock summoned the waiter. He ordered steak, the same as John, and Mary ordered a salad. Then a question from Sherlock took Kate and John aback. “Can we see pictures of these children, so that we could see if this is the best fit for our family?”
When they brought him in, Sherlock was flailing his arms and legs in complete sensory overload. Was this the drugs? I asked myself. This was harder than I had thought because I couldn’t just ask him. First he is non-verbal and a middle of all of this, I can’t  it’s was hard.
They moved on from the whole conversation of exes and best friends, and John decided he liked this guy.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Stop spying, Mycroft.” With that, Sherlock hung up without another word.
Two minutes later, Sherlock was holding a Stradivarius violin in his hand and I was gaping at it. “You own a strat?” I said marvelling at the instrument. That was why he left his at mine.
One aquamarine eye peeked out from underneath the blankets. “John, what time is it?” Sherlock asked, rocking back and forth.
Ms. Starr looked to Sherlock and back at Greg. “Danny is my son, from my first husband.” She stopped abruptly.
It was his third week on the job, when a tall, blond-haired man sat on his chair. It was his  ex-boyfriend, Victor. “Will, you’re back?”
“I know that you and Landon had been intimate,” Sherlock said, snakily; he saw as Mycroft face darken.
The next time Sherlock woke up, John was asleep. It was the middle of the night, Sherlock deduced. He could not believe that it was over.
How would Donavan or Anderson react to him having HIV or the more pertinent would be how would Greg react to him being diagnosed with HIV. Would they even call him for cases? What Donavan or Anderson didn’t know was he had a lot of insecurities about himself. He wasn’t the sociopath they thought he was.
“Yes.” Lestrade gasped; he began pacing the room, too. “Sherlock, we need more evidence; go undercover on this website!! Talk to the kids.”
“Yes, we’re going home, Greg,” said John, looking at Sherlock who nodded. “You tired, Sherlock?” John asked.
Sherlock woke up several hours later and he looked at me. He looked very apologetic and I was very angry. However, first thing's first, I handed him a glass of water which he drank gratefully.
One hour and a half later, Sherlock fell asleep next to him. John sighed. He needed to get food for the three of them.  He decided to cook the only soup Sherlock would eat, creamy potato soup and bread, with beer for him and Greg and juice for Sherlock.
We went down to the ground floor, the Christmas tree was surrounded by at least fifty gifts all around the room. Sherlock rolled his eyes at the festivity of it all. Mr and Mrs Holmes were there sitting on their respective chairs.
Sherlock breathed a sigh of frustration and sat in his armchair. “It's proof I can’t manage on my own.”
“Yes… But Can we talk in person, Doctor?”John asked because he would rather tell them face to face that, that tell them on the phone.
This morning, I went to class with Sherlock, Music Theory and Composition. Because Sherlock doesn’t want a ‘buddy’ at all, I worked in the room as a teaching assistant. The class went on smoothly for our first day.
Victor, who looked as though, he wanted to vomit nodded his head. “It not be me telling you about this.” He hissed.
Sherlock and John followed Kate to the black government-issued sedan. John sat with Kate on the front seat as Kate drove to the FBI headquarters. Sherlock told Kate about crime rates in England.
Sherlock was now irritated. He faced his brother and squared up. “Why did you even?…” he snapped looking at Mycroft with some mirth.
They entered the sitting room; Sherlock offered the DI tea. He had deduced that this was a social visit rather than a professional one. He brought two cups of tea to the sitting room. “Case first, before you and I talk,” Sherlock told the DI.
Even with his drug use, Sherlock was very careful and besides he only did drugs sharing needles for three years between 2003 to 2006 introduced by his ex-lover, Victor Trevor.
“What?! What do you mean? Is he dying? Did you just imply that you would just come to our parents if they were dying? Sherlock?” Mycroft replied; angry now.
He could hear Mycroft sigh. “Queen Elizabeth II Hospital, ICU room 7. I’ll send a car.” He hung up without a word.
John was done with Sebastian Moran and would be glad to see the woman who would be carrying his children. He followed Sherlock outside the room and into Kate Moratti’s car.
John found out that Sherlock hated the smell inside of 7eleven’s. It was a little musty and icky and as soon as Sherlock was inside he was outside. John  watched Sherlock pacing in the parking lot.
Tonight, they will have a party, a nice party with Christmas friends. But, for now, John was content with Sherlock in his arms.
He looked at and sang in his beautiful baritone a part of a Bob Dylan song. “The answer my friend is blowing in the wind.” Yes, it is so true; we can never predict the future. He looked at me and typed on his iPad, “However, if I could just tell what my future would be,  it would be You and Me.”
“No,” Sherlock said after a bit relented. “Let’s make a deal. I would go with you to the hospital after this case.”
Sherlock answered her question. He took a swallow of his beer. “We haven’t talked about it yet.” He winked at John. “However, we are planning to be fathers.” He and John had talked about having children but not about getting married. Because, to Sherlock, getting married was just a formality of their love and it was so sappy.
John drove from Scotland Yard to Baker Street without incident. As soon as they got inside the flat; Sherlock sat down on his chair, and turned on the laptop; began to type the website Victor gave him.
“John and I want you to be one of our special people for our wedding,” he said. “A ‘groomsman’ if you would like to see it that way.”
As soon as they were parked, Sherlock jumped out of the car; John, Sherrinford, and Mycroft followed him behind. They had dropped Mrs Hudson on the tube station; she returned to Baker Street.
“Yes, so you're telling me this person had been mimicking the Soho Ripper,” Greg said, putting things together.
John read what they had written. “Help me, my maths teacher is touching me down there. He told me would kill you if I told, you guys. I have been in touch with people who were like me, online.”
Sherlock and the other met officers looked at him with different mindsets. The Met officers and Greg looked at him with horror while Sherlock looked with admiration. Donavan and Anderson looked at John with horror.
Sherlock snapped and was in John’s face.  “This is becoming tedious. I hate hospitals, John, I hate the smell and the sound. I can hear the monitors from here,” Sherlock said.
Willow’s teacher at her Day School had told them that she was concerned with her speech delay, communications and behavioural issues. She engaged in a lot of the stereotypical behavior; Sherlock had known that all too well.
“A car? Why didn’t you told me you have a car?” John asked. “Never mind, where is the car?” Looking for the car.
Sherlock wore a polo and jeans, a far cry from his suit and dress shirt, while John wore a long sleeve tee and jeans. They had underdressed on purpose. They were both sporting thick beards which Sherlock hated.
As soon as they entered the hospital parking lot, John heard Sherlock breathe a sigh of relief; the parking lot was empty. The doctor prayed that the problem was over.
“I am not going to Dad’s birthday, besides I am not welcome,” Sherlock said it matter of factly; as if he was really sure. John pats him reassuringly.
He was a very affectionate guy, Sherlock. I wasn’t. He would clap me on the back a lot and he would hug me in a very heated way. He knew I knew he knew what he was doing to me.
Three days later, Sherlock and John joined Greg in the interrogation room.  John sat outside while listening to his husband and the DI. Sherlock had told John already this would be their last case with the MET.
Sherlock had emerged from the lab and scowled when he saw Mycroft. “Brother,” He said acknowledging.
John looked towards Sherlock. “We'll be in touch, Mycroft,” John said because Sherlock had clearly lost his words again. According to Ella, this was a side effect of the torture he endured while he was away.
John thought about it for a moment. “Okay, Let’s go. We would take the car with us.” Sherlock followed John to the garage.
“A kid gave us a book cypher,” Sherlock began; not understanding Greg’s facial expression. He handed Greg the cypher.
“Okay, so we need to find Sebastian Moran, now,” Sherlock said, looking at John and Kate, back and forth. He sighed.
Sherlock looked at his sister while he was fixing his bow, and nodded. He gestured at me to sit down. I pulled out the chair and sat down.
Sherlock hadn’t entertained the thought of working for a company or the government before because of the assumption that he couldn't function in that environment.
After eating they left the restaurant. They braved the traffic going home in car Sherlock’s had around John’s while he wasn’t shifting.
“No, mother, they didn’t assure you,” John said. “They just assured my compliance, mum… You can’t change your sexuality…. Me being gay is a part of who I am, mum, and who Harry is. ”
Sherlock stilled his shaking hands while John overtook a truck.  He heaved a deep breath. “What are your questions, John?” Sherlock asked, not looking at him.
They found the room number. The door to room 221 was open ajar. Sherlock entered and gave Danielle a kiss on her forehead. “Are the boys doing fine?” Sherlock asked.
They were on the top step when Sherlock spoke. “You have a case for me, and you have been sleeping with Molly for six months.” They climbed the seventeen steps to the second floor.
An hour later, they arrived at the hospital with Sherlock staving off a meltdown by pacing. He was closer than he liked; he was rocking minisculely. He wasn’t ashamed of being on the autism spectrum because his particular brain chemistry aided him with the work.
John fetched the clients down at the front landing. When he was up Sherlock was pacing the living room. He cleared his throat. “Sherlock, this is Doctor Carlson and his wife Doctor Andreka .”
They came to another stop at a strip mall near the border of Colorado and Utah. “Breakfast time," John said. It was nearing ten in the morning and they had only had cookies and a cup of coffee from Starbucks.
I had planned the perfect first date in a small bistro with music. Sherlock loved playing music in front of a crowd.
Greg nearly spluttered all over the table. He said, “Sherlock, what do you want to do? I mean, when your kids are older?”
Sherlock in the meantime blinked at Lestrade. John thought that he was having a seizure. He stated in hurt and bewilderment; he went non-verbal Greg and Sally were starring at him. “Sherlock?”
“To the music room. I know you play piano, I can see that you have pianist fingers,” he replied through the iPad, looking at me directly which I thought was unnatural for him.
“The address I gave my brother is for a psychologist who works for the foundation that organised the…” Mycroft’s voice in a rare show of compassion let the words trail off.
John looked at him a tinge of worry mixed with annoyance settled on his face. “Sherlock, You need a refill for your meds.” He said.
“Yes, Ma’am… The department is looking into two deaths: Allen Kirby and Kris Lambert. They died of chlorine ingestion. Do you have a record of purchases of large amounts of chlorine?”
“Sir?” one of the doctors said. Sherlock wore a very stylish and discreet medical alert bracelet. The doctor, as per usual, didn’t see his bracelet. The doctor put a hand on his shoulder. BIG MISTAKE.
Sherlock shook his head as if to clear it. “I am fine,” Sherlock said huffing. John nodded and instead of patting Sherlock’s arm he gave him a smile as they were exiting the building.
John helped Sherlock off the ground. His husband glared at him but Sherlock held his hand up. They took a taxi to St Barts. While in the cab, Sherlock leaned his head on John’s shoulder. “You okay?”
John saw Sherlock’s eyes open and  he sat on Sherlock’s bed. Sherlock said, “You are looking at my diplomas and wondering why I was solving crimes instead of teaching or doing research.” He sat up.
“Sherlock!” John said warningly. “We need to get the police’s head; you aren’t doing this alone, and besides Greg would help us get a warrant.”
The doctor came in holding her file. She had a dog and a cat with her partner as a way to test the water on having children, Sherlock deduced.
“Okay, Sherlock,” John said, thinking about which game to play with Sherlock. “Can you deduce people by their cars, Sherlock?”
Sherlock didn’t reply; John went to their bedroom to witness a panic attack. Sherlock was hyperventilating, a waking nightmare of sorts. John gathered Sherlock in his arms.  “Sherlock.” His love was in the corner, rocking back and forth. “I am here, Sherlock. You’re safe,” John said as he crouched down next to him.
John clasped Sherlock’s hand so as to not shed a single tear. “I can’t believe this is happening to me,” he whispered in Sherlock’s ear.
“I’ll email you where to cut, John.” The editor said; John could hear the door opened the other end. “I gotta go, John.”
First, he needed a case to occupy himself. He stood up and went down to the ground floor; there was a knock on the front door. He opened the front door.It was Lestrade. He smiled and let the DI in without a word.
“Okay, we should be there in forty-five. Bye.” John turned to Sherlock. “Now, get your coat, we’re leaving.” It would seem like he was ordering Sherlock around, however, his partner has a problem with executive functioning.
“Okay,” agreed John. “Sherlock, check if there is a fast food restaurant nearby.” Sherlock was playing chess on his phone.
The grooms entered. Both Sherlock and John wore traditional Westcott and very unique ties. Sherlock wore a rainbow while John wore a purple one. They looked really great.
Mycroft sighed tiredly. “Sherlock hasn’t told you plenty of things about his past, because he can’t and he was retired. When you started dating he came to me and told me he was going to retire from ‘the farce that was intelligence’ and be a private detective. I told him that he was making a huge mistake. He loves you, John, a lot. Will you please forgive my brother?”
The two men read the name and type them on the spreadsheet. John would be asked him;  Sherlock questions about being in a boarding school; how it was like for him.
As they were walking home from Tesco’s, Sherlock said; Thank you, you’ve been a great help with this case.”
They sat there in companionable silence. Sherlock did all the safety protocols expected of him. “Okay,” said John. “I am bored, Sherlock, let’s play a game.”
“Yes. So, you know why I am here, brother mine?” Mycroft said with the poshest, condescending voice. “I want you to help find him in America.”
….As a kid, my partner, Sherlock Holmes boarded to school; aided by his parents. He saw so much, how young children were physically abused by headmasters for a ridiculous reason. But even he was shocked by how rampant the practice of sexual assault in our nation’s boardings schools is.
He put the rental car on drive and drove to the hotel. John sat in the car thinking about why Sherlock didn’t want to tell him their itinerary for the days while they were in Utah.
It took them a couple of minutes to get to their hotel. John’s eyes flicked to Sherlock's trousers and waggled his eyebrow.
This was the hardest thing he’d do for Sherlock and probably the last. He knew that when Sherlock was little he was in a psych ward because of his autism. As a result he always had a visceral reaction to doctors and he was the only doctor Sherlock trusted.
John sighed. Sherlock wasn't dressed today; he was wearing a dressing gown over a teeshirt and a pyjama bottoms. “Wait a minute.” He climbed back up. “Sherlock, get dress, we have a client.”
“Please tell me why you don’t want to eat,” John said and as soon as he had said it, he wanted to take it back; Sherlock flinched with the tone of his voice. “Sorry, love.” John hugged Sherlock firmly. “You want a smoothie?”
Sherlock got the book out of its plastic wrapping. “I’ll be the one to decipher the book; You write.” He started deciphering the code. “page 31, line 11, and 3rd word. HELP.” He continued with his work, until the end.
Oh shit, I thought as I gathered my things and started to leave for campus. I went to a last hurrah party last night. “I’ll be there in five,” I said and hung up.
“I met Lestrade when I was twelve - when our mother died. He came here to inform us," Sherlock said. "However, we got to know each other after he arrested me for drugs. At the station, I solved four somewhat petite crimes and one big one. Lestrade told me that if I want to help NSY, I ought to be clean. So I got clean."
“You don’t know, John, not really. You could empathise with Willow or me but you don’t understand…” Sherlock shouted. He lowered his voice. “I would rather nurture the things she likes, like music rather than work on things she can’t control like stimming.”
I could see now what the implication of this was. “I just thought that when Mike said that Sherlock was an addict he took pot or something."
“Help me, my maths teacher is touching me down there. He told me would kill you if I told you guys. I have been in touch with people who were like me, online.”
A couple of minutes later, another cry came from the opposite end of the room. “It's a boy." Sherlock gave Luka back to the nurse and gave John a small kiss. Nichola was being born.
They were at the front landing to 221 Baker Street. When Sherlock stopped. “Can you come with me?” He said rather shyly.
John’s hand wasn’t long so no ring that was too big and bulky. “Can I see that one?” He pointed at a simple gold band.
“I am fine, John.” He snarled. “This idiots could solve it, Lestrade.” He said; gesturing to Greg’s and his team.
Sherlock sighed and typed, “He has severe autism but he has a talent with music like me but unlike me he is unable to lead a normal life.”
John arrived home a little early, surprised to see Sherlock asleep in their bed. It was only four in the afternoon and Mrs Hudson had called him earlier because she was worried for Sherlock. “Sherlock?” he said, moving to their room. “Are you alright?”
The man gave them a pointed look. “Okay, go on, turn left and right.” They moved accordingly, It was a non discrete brown door. He knocked. They were met by a man who was wearing a brown shirt with the company logo on.
It was nearing morning when they got out of the airport. John had called Mycroft earlier while Sherlock was in custody. Mycroft wasn’t happy about the whole situation, but John had to insist. He told him that they would be taking the plane and that they would go from New York to Springfield  after they had rested in Mycroft’s Manhattan flat. Then they would sleep in their rental car.
John just nodded. He walked slowly, the phone burning in his pocket. Sherlock would not like this. 'Where did he pick this up. Did I give it to him?' were the words inside John’s head. They weren’t sexually exclusive, for John’s benefit, because he was bisexual. It dawned in his brain.
John was taken aback. Sherlock had punched him in the gut. “Sherlock, I can’t,” he said and a dash of regret coloured his voice.
Mycroft texted them an office address in Salt Lake City. They were nearing the city when they first got the text message and Sherlock was asleep. John stopped by a petrol station and answered. “What do you want, Mycroft?”
“John,” Mycroft said. “You will go there and work, and get Carter. Did Sherlock tell you anything about the plan?”
Even if they hadn’t seen each other eye to eye at somethings; he and Lestrade were on the right side. He nodded his head. Sherlock and John turned their backs to leave, but Lestrade stopped them. “Sherlock, John?” He said.
John was surprised. Sherlock taking Mycroft’s cases? “Sherlock, are you feeling alright, love?” He put his hand on Sherlock’s head; Sherlock swatted it away.
Sherlock sighed disconcertingly. “My head would just hurt more in the hospital.The lighting and the noise would be annoying.”
Sherlock stroked John’s hair. He couldn’t believe that today was his wedding day. Ten years ago, when he and Victor had broken up, he hadn’t known if he would ever love again.
A couple of minutes later, the plane landed. He held Sherlock’s hand in his, rubbing circular motions into his palm.
Later that day, while the boys were asleep in the nursery, Sherlock was with them. John wrote a final blog entry.
Today was his last case and Sherlock as a consulting detective. They  wanted it to be memorable. So he was inside the interrogation room talking with the pool company manager who was the mother of their primary suspect.
“No,” John said. “We are not monogamous but we practice safe sex, he was…” Sherlock looked at John with narrowed eyes waiting on what the hell he would say.
They headed to a secluded section of the hotel bar. It was morning so Sherlock and John ordered orange juice and Kate ordered coffee. After ten minutes of mostly silence, Kate asked, “So, Sherlock, what happened yesterday?”
“Excuse me, John. Brother, I have to go; Michael will contact you,” Mycroft said. He got his umbrella and left.
A couple of hours later found John in bed with Sherlock.  He glanced at the clock on the bedside table. It was ten-thirty at night.  Sherlock stirred beside him.
“What?” He looked at Mycroft; challenging in him. “I know why you’re here? You want me to go to Dad’s party tomorrow.” He was tapping his fingers with his hand. “I am not going, Mycroft.”
Sherlock looked at John for assistance. “No, Mrs Hudson, Sherlock has a different type of autism, than RainMan.”
He was jiggling his foot and playing with the hem of the coat he would wear even if the day was hot. John looked at his partner worriedly as the long and winding road went on and on.
He got a cab from outside their building and, after a short drive, he arrived at Scotland Yard. He went to Greg’s office. “Hi, lad,” Greg said, not awkward like Sherlock believed he would be. “His name was Kristofer Nikolas Lambert,” Lestrade said. “He was American and 18 years old.”
After getting Sherlock’s meds from the chemist; they went to the pathology lab. Sherlock talked to Molly about particular autopsy results. The look on Sherlock’s face a was a happy one. John smiled as well.
“Sherlock, wait,” I said, catching up to him as he was moving down the hallway. “Where are we going?”
He knew how to play; it was his first instrument. He just preferred the violin more. Sherlock sat on the piano stool, holding the soft pedal down and started to play. He played songs, modern and classics until it was dawn.
They entered the lifts, with Sherlock on the brink of a meltdown. “Sherlock, love,  I know you cannot….”
There was a car outside, a black Mercedes parked. "Dr Watson?” said Mycroft, looking at John intently. “Sherlock is in Regent's park.” John climbed into the car.
John came up to Sherlock and kissed his lips. Sherlock sighed contentedly. They were kissing when someone cleared their throat. “Mycroft, what a timing!” John said angrily.
“Right…” John knew Sherlock having issues with crowds; especially it is September and kids were going back to school. “I’ll go, I will be back in an hour. Try talking to Mrs Hudson about…”
The statement made John cringe. They were riding in companionable silence when Sherlock asked, “Would you rather not be with me because even though I love you dearly, I could let you go.” Sherlock's eyes were clearly glistening with tears.
Kate sighed. “I don’t want to scare you. However, you two are wrong. Hear me out.” They both nodded their head and Kate continued, “I looked at the evidence that the NYPD gathered. The evidence is jumbled up. The angle of the shot and gun manufacturer is all wrong."
They too, had noticed Willow wasn’t normal. Her communication skills weren’t typical of a child that bright. She was always babbling about her obsession with the piano. For her birthday, they had bought her a baby grand; she was really great with it. She had taught herself how to play; now, she could play grade three level Trinity even though she had been learning for less than a year.
“I know that this game is usually played by friends, or partners, to tell the partner about a difficult topic.” Sherlock looked up. “I know that coming out was hard for you, John. So, I know you were raised in the church. You went to church every week and your parents are both devout  Christians. So, how old were you, then, fourteen?”
Sherlock knelt down again, gathering information, when Greg asked, “Is he alright? I mean, he doesn’t look good. He was dizzy when you got here?“ The DI looked from John to Sherlock and back. “His face is red, John,” Greg said with a bit of concern. “It's good that Donavan and Anderson are not working here anymore or else….” The two officers were fired after the investigation into Sherlock’s suicide.
Sherlock was at the end of the rope by now. He began to kick the doctor like a mental patient. Sherlock could see a man with a syringe. Sherlock kicked once.
“You need to stop kidding me,” Lestrade said. He looked at Sherlock and saw the truth written all over his face. “You're not joking, are you?”
The short drive from Baker Street to St Barts Hospital was tense. John knew Sherlock hated talking to people at counters, and that he couldn’t stand it.
They heard three consecutive gunshots. Sherlock stood, curious and John followed behind him. They reached the crime scene; it was in central park. Sherlock knelt at the body.
It wasn't until he had dialed 999 three times that he remembered he was in America. He dialed the appropriate number.
Sherrin nodded. “By this point, he was only having sensory processing issues and ADHD. Initially, Lock was diagnosed with Aspergers. By the time he was thirteen, the Aspergers diagnosis was rescinded; replaced by SPD and ADHD. By the way, John did he tell you that he had autism?"
`The room’s quiet was palpable. No one dared to speak a word. After a minute, John said, “How did Mycroft Holmes tell you?”
John saw Sherlock blinked; once, twice and three times, and shook his head. He looked at from the corner of his eye; with concern evident in his features. “What?”
John’s expression gave him away.  A school system that routinely disappoints its elite kids. How thoughtful. “I know, and we should ask Greg.”
Before Sherlock could say the word, Kate Moratti, her partner Robert Bryant and the two Salt Lake police officers swarmed in to handcuff Morstan. Sherlock and John moved from the table to give the police space. They watched as their ten-month long sortie ended.
“John,” Sherlock said., I loved hearing my name spoken by him. I know he practised my saying it, though it didn’t come naturally for him. And he typed, “be right back, I’ll just get my violin.”
John didn’t understand the upper class who was willing to put their child away for boarding school. What was the point of giving birth if you would just leave the child at boarding school?
Sherlock glanced at the guy inside the truck and said, “He’s a doctor, with two children, judging by the stickers of his family on the back of the truck. He has been using the truck in the mountain, judging by the tyres.” He pointed at the tyres.
When John woke up Monday morning Sherlock was awake. He turned to face his lover and said, “Good morning. You didn’t sleep last night.”
As John made his way to the streets of Essex; Sherlock lay there in the passenger seat asleep. Which brought John a bit of worry, and a smile on his face. Sherlock didn’t sleep; his meds was doing this to his body.
Sherlock scoffed. “As if they couldn’t carry another one." A dawning realisation hit him like a punch in the gut. Sherlock stopped. "Sebastian Moran."
Sherlock ended up taking ages. He was so satisfied with the pirate ship that John was half asleep; Sherlock was still talking about the ‘case’.
John walked the seventeen steps and opened the door a man and a woman stood husband and wife; that much was clear. “What can I help you with?”
John looked at Anderson with a ferocity that scared Sherlock. John looked at Sherlock and back at Anderson. “Hey,” John shouted.
They sat in silence until a vicious turbulence shook the plane. Sherlock was shaking and panicking; John crouched down near Sherlock’s chair. “Calm down, Sherlock.”
They got home after a ten minute drive, and Sherlock went to their room immediately to dress into a comfortable t-shirt and pajamas. Greg wouldn’t mind.  He probably had seen Sherlock looking worse, John thought. “Tea?” John asked Sherlock when he got in.
The ten minute drive was very stressful for John. Sherlock’s fever was above forty-one degrees and he drifted in and out of consciousness.
Then a light bulb clicked in his head; he could be a behavioural expert for the yard. He could still help Lestrade and be safe for his children. Hell, if the yard didn’t want him, he could donate money to head his department. It was a 9-5 job, but if it would keep the family safe. It was a sacrifice he would be willing to take. At least it would be interesting, being a forensic psychologist.
“One day, we were sitting in the garden,” Sherrin said, looking down at his glass of wine and pointing at the garden outside. John followed his gaze.
It had been ten months since John had written a small note in his blog saying that they would be on hiatus. Sherlock thought that it was a little much. It was a silly blog; people who read that thing were idiots of lesser minds.
The next morning, when John woke Sherlock up, it was already three. He’d checked on Sherlock’s concussion three times; he was all fine. However, they needed to get going if they wished to be in Denver by night time.
He couldn't imagine Sherlock finding out about his meltdown being on the tabloids. They needed to quiet this particular blunder. John made a mental note to call Mycroft about what to do about them.
Sherlock recovered from his seizure; he had noticed that John, and that John wasn’t happy. “What the hell?” Sherlock said indignantly.
Mycroft gave him a firm smile. Sherlock knew how important this was for his brother; he smiled back.
“John? Are you alright?” Sherlock said; sitting down. After a moment he noticed what John was reading. “That from Victor?”
John and Sherlock sat at Willow’s developmental paediatrician’s office waiting for the results of her autism evaluation.
One day, the two men decided to board a plane to New York for their first fertility appointment with Dr Matilda Lambert: a fertility expert that worked closely with the LGBT community. “You need to get married before the birth," she said.
Sherlock was asleep when I got to the room. I sat down next to him on an uncomfortable chair. I didn’t know what to feel.  My best friend was an addict. What I didn’t understand was why.
Sherlock was propped up on a wall, texting John. ‘I have found him, John. SH.’ He answered Carter’s question matter of factly.
“Well, no problem, Lock; you didn’t know,” Victor said. “Please do come in. Introduce me to your partner.”
After lunch, John sat in the living room of Sherlock’s childhood home with Sherrinford and Linda. They were talking about childhood memories; John was just listening.
“You used him for your own missions? He wasn’t trained, Mycroft. What the bloody hell are you thinking?” John snarled.
Sherlock and I are getting married today. I cannot believe this. This blog and the accompanying vlog was a  successful endeavour where we share our lives, with five million subscribers on Youtube.
Sherlock is an amazing dancer. He moved as well as he can sing or play a musical instrument and people were noticing.
It was eight-thirty in the morning when John joined him at the piano bench and nuzzled Sherlock’s back. “You didn’t go to sleep, love?”
When he had met John four years ago, he had deduced that John was bisexual, back in the beginning, so he proposed that they start to have a non-monogamist relationship. John had been seeing a lot of people. They  implemented it because he didn’t want to lose John. If he lost John once a week it would be much better than losing him forever.
Mycroft was tearing up; he did not know how to feel. He could still remember his father’s last words: to take care of his brothers, primarily Sherlock. Their father had died of cancer when Mycroft was 32, and the other boys were 23 and 22 respectively.
He was thinking about Sherlock. He was thinking about six months ago and this intimacy, not just the physical stuff but also the quiet times that he and Sherlock would spend time together. It was an honour to have him as his partner. Sherlock was incredible company.
They strolled to the garage where Sherlock’s car was. As soon as he saw the car; John whistled lightly. It was a 2005 BMW convertible. “This is nice,” John said. So, you have forgotten this?”
“It's a boy,” the doctor said; John shot Sherlock an ‘I know what you are doing' look. The baby had dark hair and blue-green eyes.
Maximillian took a deep breath. “We kept on meeting in his office for the year without any incident.” His face grew darker. “Then one-night last month…” He took a shuttering breath and glanced at the hallway.
In the afternoon, Sherlock had a meltdown and ran from the house without any plum. I know that he loved to run but, without his phone, we couldn’t locate him.
They were better off as friends and friends they remained. In fact, Victor had helped him  during his exile. Victor was the one who had rescued him from Serbia. Sherlock was very grateful. “Yes,” he told Victor with a sigh. “I need to be going. Nice to see you again, Vic.”
He closed his eyes firmly. He would tell John the plan when he woke up later in the morning. With that, Sherlock fell back to sleep.
John sighed as well. He thought for a moment and said, “Okay, Sherlock.”” He put a placating hand on his arm. “I will cut your food up for you and you can pick it up bite size with your fingers. Then we can go to the store and buy you utensils, okay?”
I nodded, as we started playing again.  Sherlock went to the piano and played a short rendition of heart and soul. “It’s amazing, Sherlock,” I said as I felt my stomach growl.
Sherlock opened the door; Greg noticed him. The captain left, as Lestrade waved them to sit. “So what can I do for you, gentlemen?” The DI asked.
Then Sherlock’s very disused voice answered me. “Bach & Beatles,” he said while tuning his instrument. He had vocal stims but that was the first I heard his voice say words and it’s beautiful and very baritone.
“But…” John said but Sherlock stood up. “Can I see your face, love?” Sherlock, who was facing the car door, looked at his nose and shook his head. “No, Sherlock, I am looking at your face.” John said in his captain’s voice.
We danced our way on the dance floor. I kept a close eye on him because he’s my responsibility according to school rules even if we weren’t on campus and I am protective of my friends.
They ate in comfortable silence; Sherlock finished all his food. John was giving him a warning glare every time he would put his fork down until the final bite was had.
John’s gripped the steering wheel harder. “He… beat me… after which I was put into a conversion camp in Norfolk.”
The leader of the gang looked at John and took his hands off of Sherlock. The two other guys scattered as well.  He lifted his goods off the ground, relieved that they weren’t soaked. “Are you okay, Sherlock?” he asked. “Are you hurt, love?”
He pulled me aside. “We had to sedate him as he was getting agitated. His blood came back positive for alcohol and LSD, cocaine.”
Greg looked at him funny. “He’s so thin, John. He looks like a stick... Maybe because you're with him every day, you don’t notice how thin he is. He looks like death ran him over.”
He could hear Mycroft saying something to someone at the other end of the line. He could now hear what he couldn’t before: the hissing of an oxygen tank and beeping of a heart monitor.
The final two people from the Best Person list were Jacob Sherrinford Alan Holmes and walking with him was Harriet Jane Watson. Mycroft looked at Sherrinford and thought about how fast time flew.
Sherlock sighed began pacing the room, his thumb on his mouth. “Do you want them to march at the school getting angry, no. because you're going to get themselves killed.”
John woke up first, He dressed in his usual jumper and jeans, and came down to his computer. He would be writing a news article about the Boarding Schools. He needed to call Dr Andreka today.
“Sherlock, you just have a seizure; did you take your gabapentin?” John said sotto voce. Sherlock shook his head. “Maybe Phenytoin would work?”
They got dressed hastily, because it was getting late. They needed to be in Utah by late afternoon, four at the latest, because they needed to finalise the whole their mission.
The woman looked at Sherlock and frowned. “He is feeling sick, stayed in his room that whole weekend.”
Instead of giving John his hand, he pressed harder; Sherlock knew he was stimming. He knew that he ought to tell John about his darkest secret for Willow’s benefit. However, what if John decided to break up with him and take Willow with him.  If John left him, he would crumble and die.
They went out into Manhattan for the day. It was very different from London. “Can you imagine living here, Sherlock?” They were seated in a coffee shop.
“Okay, okay,” John said in placation. “I’ll wake you up in an hour.” He gave Sherlock a kiss in the forehead; stood up and went downstairs to eat breakfast.
The medic who was strapping Carter in the gurney looked intently at Sherlock and asked, “Are you coming with us, sir?”
Sherlock looked at him and thought about what he was proposing. “I really don’t want to eat,” he said flatly. John placed his hand on Sherlock's head. “I am fine,” he said as he batted his hand away.
“No,” Sherlock sighed. “There. Is. Nothing. Wrong. With. Me,” he said forcefully. “I am not going to be used by you doctors again.” He strode off to the hotel.
He moved to the foot of the bed and read through Sherlock’s chart. Sherlock was in a medically induced coma because of the brain injury, a torn Achilles and a lot of scars on his back. There was an anal tear. ‘Who did this to you, Sherlock,’ John thought and at that moment he forgave Sherlock, but he wanted to kill Mycroft. He turned to Mycroft and said, “Who did this to him.”
John was flabbergasted with those words. Sherlock Holmes was telling him that he made a terrible mistake. This man who was extremely overwhelmed while conversing about emotions was telling him that he made a horrible mistake about the fall/Moriarty.
At two in the afternoon, John left to talk with Mycroft about Sherlock’s guardianship. He went to the Diogenes Club signing to the receptionist desk. As soon as he was let inside he went in front of Mycroft and spat. “You bastard, Mycroft. He is an adult so treat him as such.”
When he returned to the flat, Sherlock was playing, his violin something Bach. He loved listening to Sherlock play. He cleared his throat. “Oh, John, You’re back. Where is the book?”
John returned to the car to see three huge burly men punching Sherlock. They were laughing at him. He met Sherlock’s gaze in the dim lighting of the parking lot; his partner looked pleadingly at him.
“I don’t really feel good,” Sherlock said. They gave him the Intravenous medication and as a result he felt nauseated.
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “What?” John said, kissing Sherlock’s cheeks. “You've got to be kidding me, Sherlock?”
“John?” We went to the dining room. “Sherlock’s got apraxia, and high functioning autism.” his father said.
Sherlock and I have been friends for almost two months. As I told him on the first day, we are real friends - not just for the programme. I meant that. We do everything together. We go on bike rides at the weekends and play music on our breaks.
I took a deep breath and nervously tapped my fingers on my mobile. I thought, was this accidental?  Sherlock was a recovering addict. I clicked call. “Hello, Mycroft.” He answered at the first ring. “It's John Watson, listen, I am with Sherlock at A&E.”
We first played “Jesu, Joy of Man’s Desiring” . He played the melody while I played the accompaniment. Sherlock and I played it okay, I thought.  The piece was easy, connected and lovely. At that moment, I started to fall dangerously in love with someone who was a mentee, and had autism spectrum disorder. I won’t tell Sherlock or hell, his brother.
John walked downstairs and opened the door to the black Mercedes. He was nervously drumming his fingers on his briefcase. It took only a three minute drive for him to arrive at the hospital.
But, before John could reply, Sherlock spotted his brother hovering around. “Mycroft is in the vicinity," the detective said coolly.
John sighed, looking at his own watch. “We're only three hours in. Take the Valium, love. I will figure something out. I promise.”
Sherlock shrugged, "That's Mycroft speaking.” They sat in Sherlock's childhood room until Linda called them for dinner.
Kate was shouting in their ears. “Don’t let your emotions show. We are almost there. Just ask her about Jim.”
As soon as he jumped out of my car, he was very excited so I opened the door and he latched his hand to mine and gave it a squeeze. I knew how much I love him already.
“Is he dying?” Sherlock asked incredulously but there was a tad bit nervousness in his tone of voice.
John knew that Sherlock needed to think about an answer to a question before answering it. “I know you hated it there, why? What was wrong with ABA? Sherlock, tell me about the therapist.”
It had been a month since the call with the editor. The relationship with the Holmes brothers was almost great. One day, Mycroft invited them to his Soho house. The brother’s talked about everything and nothing, all through the night.
Sherlock made a sound of acknowledgement. I noticed his eyes were red with blood. I was instantly concerned. “Sherlock?” I said moving my hand to his but he snatched it away. “What’s wrong?”
She sighed and sounded apologetic. “Mr Holmes, our younger son has autism; we need to send Maximilian to boarding school so that we could focus on Chase.”
They went to their rental car. As he was entering the car, Sherlock went to the left side. “I want to drive,” Sherlock said.
John sighed; Sherlock didn’t trust him on this; Well, that hurts, but he had known Sherlock by now. “Yes, He did, but do you really think I would spill Mycroft’s most guarded secret to Greg?”  He said quietly.
Then, his iPad sounded from his lap. “You're studying medicine in your last year, your father is a drunk and a gambler. He just lost millions. You went to a day school in London.”
Summary: Autism is a hard diagnosis to have, especially for parents. When their daughter was diagnosed with it,  Sherlock needed to tell John a secret he had kept all his life in the depths of his mind palace.
“It's noisy and also they won’t be able to help me there,” Sherlock said, looking at him pleadingly.
“He won’t, love. I know he is your brother, but over my dead body you would be put in a group home,” John said. “One question, Sherlock, when did the conversation occur?”
John sighed. “Sherlock, for god sake. I don’t care, because we have plans.” He moved the blanket off of Sherlock’s body. Sherlock groaned.
“John, could you help me here? Anthea’s son was with his father the summer he was supposed to be in New York,” Mycroft said, looking at his brother but talking to John. “However, a couple of days ago, he disappeared.”
John rubbed his palm on the wheel. “Yes, I was fourteen years old; Dad found me jacking off with a picture of Richard Burton.” John’s eyes were wistful. “He was so handsome.”
Sherlock was quiet for a whole hour and John hadn’t expected anymore. The only sound in the car was Sherlock tapping his left hand on the armrest.
John thought for a bit. “What is the job of the person in the truck?” There was a truck right next to them: a honking green Ford f150.
“What’s the condition at Heathrow at that time? Is it busy?” John asked, looking at Sherlock who glared at him.
John looked at the wall clock. “Eight Thirty. We have an appointment with a Dr Callahan at eleven at Harrow.”
Sherlock and John pursed their lips. “I don’t know if you can tell that but this child was from Anazazi.”  Sherlock looked at the woman as if she was an idiot. "He was one of the three teenagers that my partner and I rescued.”
“I don’t know, John. When I got there, I saw Carter and he didn’t look good. I know my periphery. I saw others. I did not see them,” said Sherlock sitting down next to Carter’s bed.
I glanced at the watch that my father gave me when I gave up developmental psychology and went to medicine. It was a Rolex Presidential white gold with a blue face, that I rarely used because I hated it.
John rolled his eyes. “Oh come on, Sherlock.” He stuck out his right hand to the gear stick and clenched his hand into a fist. “Rock, paper, scissors,” John said.
Sherlock plopped on one of the chairs, tuning his violin. “What are we playing?” I asked as I went to the piano to warm up my fingers.
John Watson entered the Accidents and Emergencies department. He was looking for Sherlock when he saw two men in white coats huddled around a man with curly black hair. “Check his bracelet: he’s not psychotic, he’s autistic and in sensory overload. You can not use haloperidol on him,”  he shouted at the men.
Sherlock looked at John. With a sigh of resignation, he said, “I think he ought to know. But not through the air, in person, we can invite him over for dinner tonight.”
“Okay.”” I thought of what to tell him. “Sherlock.”” He was now nervously tapping his fingers on his lap as if he was playing the piano. “You don’t need to pretend in front of me, okay?” I knew that ABA therapy was torture on him.  He nodded and fell back asleep.
In the car, Sherlock said: “Thank you, John, for understanding. You can be angry at me for not telling you about him. You are so gracious about it.”
They sat in Temple Square; they hoped to catch Mary Morstan, one of the network’s department heads. Her department was child trafficking.
Sherlock and John had been crossing the western world for almost a year; it had been a fun ride. Despite the many difficulties and near disasters, they had survived. After this, they could go back home to London.
Sherlock saved me by typing, “I could go see you tonight if you want to give me your address.” I frowned and Sherlock noticed. “I would like to be your real friend, John.”
John answered him as gently as possible.”Dr Victor Trevor one of your alumnus here at Harrow told us about what happened when Mr Landon…”
He sat beside Sherlock and began his research. The query he typed on Mr Jack Landon. He was but he wasn’t surprised that Landon still teaches at a private day school outside of the borough. “Hell no,” John exclaimed.
Sherlock strode out of his laboratory looking as though he saw a ghost. “What?” He asked looking at John and Mrs Hudson and back again and he was frowning with suspicion.
“Sherlock, we’re getting late,” I told him picking up his things. He is a little messy and I have known this since five years ago when Sherlock first moved in with me.
“I know, love. I know.” John hugged Sherlock and nuzzled his nose in the detective’s hair. “It's getting dark, Sherlock.” John stood up and gave his arm for Sherlock to take. The detective took the preferred hand.
After Mycroft left, John went to talk to his partner. He went to their bedroom but to his surprise Sherlock was gone. He went upstairs to his former bedroom. Sherlock was not there.
John considered, looking at Sherlock, really looking at him. Sherlock’s eyes were the love he had for his elder brother, shining through. Now, he kissed Sherlock. “I have to go to work if we aren’t seeing Mycroft.” John worked MWF at Barts; if the schedule allows.
After the ceremony, the grooms and their wedding party stood outside the mansion for pictures. Mycroft talked with a nice divorced woman: police commissioner Amanda Gregson.
Mr. Carl Andrew Milverton was tall, dark and somewhat handsome, if you didn’t know who he was. John looked at Sherlock beside him who’s face was ashen and very pale. “Sherlock, are you, okay? John asked.
Sherlock sighed, “It was the boyfriend.” He looked at the file with a dramatic intake of breath. “Look at this, Lestrade,” Sherlock pointed at girl’s neck. “That was a young man’s chain. They fought about something. Now, shoo.” Sherlock stood up leading Lestrade out with any word.
“No,” Victor looked at John seriously. “However, he is still my best friend and I care about him so much.” He was looking at John protectively.
“Then?” John knew it was awkward to ask your husband’s ex to coattail their relationship but he didn’t care.
John woke up a couple of hours later; it was dark now. Sherlock was curled up next to him. He petted Sherlock’s hair. He remembered a time not too long ago when he and Sherlock were dealing with The Woman and he remembered being jealous of her. That was when he had realised that he loved the man sleeping next to him. He checked the time and stood up, gingerly climbing out of bed.
They had pizza which Sherlock could only eat one piece of and bought juice instead. After eating they hit the road and headed to Utah.
“No,” John said. “For the record, I am not jealous of him. I love him because he was your friend when I wasn’t there to help you with university and Serbia.”
Sherlock did still have the sniffles, and would one too many seizures; other than that he was fine. Today, he and Sherlock were interviewing, Dr Aaron Callahan, the Director of Student Affairs. He is also one of Sherlock’s mentors.
On their way to the other hospital, Mycroft called Sherlock to inform him that he and Anthea would be on the next flight out.
That stung a bit because it was true, John supposed. “However, Sherlock, what about me?” He knew he was being selfish.
Sherlock glared at the man with such recreation that the man flinched. “Sherrinford Vernet,” Sherlock introduced himself and then he pointed at John. “This is Jack Wilson.”
Sherlock looked shocked into Mycroft eyes. “Ah, Okay…” He went to the kitchen and squeezed Mycroft’s upperarm. “Are you ready for the bad publicity of this, Mycroft?"
John glanced at Sherlock and at Milverton. They nodded their heads. “Okay, sir," John said standing up.
The mayor said a couple of words while Sherlock and John stood in the middle aisle. Mycroft tuned it out.
After they had recovered from this bout of mind-blowing sex; Sherlock said. “I need to see Lestrade today.”
“Victor,” Sherlock said in greeting, then he looked towards John. “This is my husband. Retired Captain John Watson of the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers. He works here, as a doctor, down at the clinic.”
Sherlock looked at Greg excitedly. “This was a copycat of the Soho Ripper that terrorised the gay neighbourhood of Soho in the 1990’s.”
Sherlock may be noticed the sad tone in his voice; said. “Sorry.” He said remorsefully. “Let’s go home.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said. He made Sherlock tea and sat beside him on the sofa. It was four-thirty, so they cuddled, watching a crappy American reality show.
John and Sherlock were back in London for five days. John Watson was on the way in Sherlock’s BMW (which he didn’t know Sherlock had) to go and meet with his mother alone. He had been thinking about his childhood since he and Sherlock had come back from the United States.
“It was this old abandoned boarding school. You know, Sherlock, what the hardest part was?” he asked, laughing bitterly. “They employ a lot of pseudoscience with children.”
John looked up from his phone; he laughed hollowly. “Mycroft, I am not your brother’s minder, I am his partner.”
Sherlock woke up to a man entering his hospital room. He had been annoyed earlier that John had brought him to the hospital; he had told his husband explicitly not to bring him here. It was just the flu after all.
John got their cold food from the ground and went to Sherlock's side and assisted Sherlock back into the car. He settled Sherlock into the back of the car.
They sat at Mrs Hudson’s sofa; Sherlock cleared her throat. “Mrs Hudson, I have Autism.” He blurted out, looking at John nervously.
“My name is Jack,” John said in a fake Utahan accent. “This my friend, Sherrinford.” Sherlock huffed.
Sherlock blinked three times and shook his head. John was alert giving Sherlock a warning look. When Sherlock recovered; he asked, “What did you tell Mycroft?”
The two drove in comfortable silence, with John holding Sherlock’s hand in his. When they got to the restaurant, it was noisy, full and annoying.
Sherlock’s middle brother; Jacob Sherrinford Alan Holmes was a professor of history in City College London. Sherrin and Sherlock looked. He and Sherlock were very close.
Sherlock knew that this was unwise however needs must. “Mycroft, please tell Anthea, she needs to get full custody of Carter. She also needs to press charges against him.”
“We have to go, John.” Sherlock scuffed, but he went and pick up one of Mrs Hudson’s pastries. John smiled to himself.
Mycroft sat as the processional piece was playing. The music was composed by Sherlock and performed by a full orchestra. The first person to enter was Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade in his Westcott; walking with him was first lieutenant William Murray, then Dr Michael Stanford and Dr Molly Hooper. She wore a blue dress and a hat; it was identical to the men’s bow ties .
When Sherlock had first come back to London, John hadn’t reacted very well. He had implied that he had moved on and punched Sherlock to boot. Sherlock had just taken it. John noticed Sherlock was shaking while taking each punch with grace. “John,” he had said, “I am sorry; let me explain.” He let Sherlock explain about Moriarty and Moran. John had felt even more guilty about the punches he had pulled.
“What?” Sherlock asked; looking perplexed. He moved his head to peer at John’s laptop. “Landon is still teaching.”
In that moment, John understood. he couldn’t bear the thought that his daughter, however autistic she might have been, being put through that. Still, he wanted to hear Sherlock’s argument on the matter. Playing devil’s advocate, he said, “What’s wrong with complying to the norm?”
Without thinking, John pulled out his illegal firearm and pointed it at the guy. “Hey,” John shouted. Sherlock was struggling beneath the three people. “Let him out or I will shoot you.”
Right, John thought. It was almost rush hour. Sherlock hated the tube. Hate was not the right word for it, John thought, he just couldn’t. The smell and the sound grated on his nerves like a screeching violin. “Sherlock, What should we do, Love?”
John thought about it while he plated their pancake; after a while, he said, “Your right, I want to do that.”
Sherlock shook his head. “Nah, I don’t think it was his first. I remember reading a story while I was away… “ Sherlock’s voice trailed off. He was quiet.
“I want to ask him if he enjoyed, it having sex with minors,” Sherlock said looking at his screen. “By the way, we are at eighty-seven. We have fifteen more accused.”
After a while, Sherlock said, “I want to go to the other hospital, John. I want to talk to people.” John nodded.
The incredulity in Lestrade’s face was palpable in the room. “You know I can’t do that, Sherlock. We need to gather more evidence for me to get a warrant.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “The parent has been calling him all this time. He wasn’t answering his communique. He looks nervous though.”
“Miss you.” This was one of the classic autistic traits. Parroting what he told her. He sighed. He knew this all too well. His ABA therapist would tell him off, telling him to answer the question. He always did.
Sherlock was looking at her, his eyes murderous. “I could hear that,” he said.  “OYou’re not a real doctor. You didn’t finish Medical School because-” He narrowed his eyes. “You were caught plagiarising a friend’s paper.”
We did a Beatles song next, it was a McCartney composition, For No One. Sherlock sang it beautifully.  How could a person be non-verbal and sing so gracefully. This was amazing. I got so teary eyed while I was accompanying him.
He opened the door and entered. As soon as he was inside, he gasped. There were four kids that had been left inside sitting on chairs next to each other and they were reading bibles.
The sat at her office chairs. Andreka began speaking; “I am really sorry, Our son, we needed to send him to boarding school.”
They drove in companionable silence interjected with laughter and games. Sherlock was funny and he wasn’t trying to be. They got to Denver after almost twenty hours of driving.
Mycroft had asked them to work with the local police to track and destroy the criminal enterprise. “They ought to be alive and able to stand trial.” Mycroft had informed them that day.
John flinched, frozen by Sherlock’s words. There was a lot of meaning in what he said. However, before  he could parcel his words, Sherlock bolted. “Sherlock,” John followed Sherlock inside the hotel.
The next evening they were invited to Kate’s hotel bar for drinks. They said they would come. So, there they were at the heart of Mormon town.
At one point, Sherlock stood up to get some tea; he didn’t make one for John. “Where’s my tea, Sherlock?” John asked looking at Sherlock expectedly. His partner looked lost; as if he did something wrong.
They walked to the Baker Street tube station. Sherlock was really agitated but the earplugs would really help. He held Sherlock’s hand.
“When I was younger I did almost thirty hours a week. That would be five hours a day, after school. The clinic was tedious at best and hateful at worst. ABA highlights the worst things about a person. When I was 14 years old, mummy brought me to my ‘maintenance appointment’," Sherlock said. “I was assaulted by a therapist.”
John nodded; he stood up and started to the kitchen. “I’ll make fish and chips and you are going to eat them, Sherlock.”
They stayed and talked for a couple more minutes. The doctor was great; she explained some more about what they would be doing with the surrogate.
Sherlock sighed tiredly. “We need to negotiate terms.” He looked at John with a ‘you know what' expression.
Sherlock seemed to think about it. “Ah.. come in. We would wake Mrs Hudson, down here.” John knew this was a lie; Sherlock was tired of the rape cases. He, himself was sick of it, too.
Sherlock and John had just landed in Richmond International Airport; their children were being born today. Their New York City Doctor called them, as well as their surrogate Danielle. They hopped onto the first available flight.
“Now, time to meet John,” Sherlock said out loud. He texted John while he sat inside a cab. Meet me at Angelo’s tonight - 7:30, SH.
Victor went back to the sitting room; Sherlock and John sat back down and drunk the tea Victor offered. “Victor,” Sherlock said. “How have you been since we last met?”
Grooming, John thought. It was now in the middle of the academic year; meaning, the abused had been happening for almost five months. He shook his head.
“No." Mycroft shook his head. “He one day overheard them talking about him.” He checked his watch, a clear signal he wanted to leave. “John, get him to go,” he said.
They both climbed down the stairs down to the flat. They were preparing to leave when a knock on the front door alerted them. “Mycroft,” Sherlock said scowling.
“Be that as it may,” Mycroft chimed in, “he is still family and a child. He had been missing for a while according to this missive.”
Sherlock looked like he couldn't  comprehend what Carter had said.  “Who?” he asked looking at his watch; he was waiting for John.
John looked at the younger Holmes brother. “It’s not his fault," he shouted suddenly. “He has AUTISM.” Beside John, Sherlock glared.
Today, Sherlock and I are going to a Halloween party. I am very excited for him, because he hadn’t gone to one for years. I asked him why and he told me that he didn’t have anyone to go with until today.
After two and a half hours we arrived at the Holmes manor. It was a big old Victorian home. I couldn’t believe it. It was as though he lived at Downton Abbey. I commented on this as we were led inside. I grew up upper class in Liverpool and went to Calderstones but I have to admit this was lavish even for me.
Sherlock frowned, not making eye contact. “No, and besides they would just make me feel like shit Because unlike you I’m a disappointment.”
The next morning, John met Sherlock before his meeting with Victor in the cafeteria. Sherlock wanted John to meet Victor. There was a man approaching their seat, and he was very tall and handsome, with short cropped blond hair and hazel brown eyes.
They exited the car and knocked on the door. Sherlock looked like he might fall down while he stood. John needed to check if he could change his medication.
“I’ll tell you later,” John said. “He is a normal adult with some trouble with sensory input, like the sounds and lights.”
Sherrin looked heavenwards. “He didn’t speak for a month. Our parents wanted us to be robots, like Mikey. There is nothing wrong with Mycroft, but it wasn’t us. He is more like Uncle Rudy.” The final comment was made casually
“Yes,” John muttered. “You want to eat?” Sherlock looked at him, and shook his head. “coffee?” Sherlock nodded his head; he got his coffee from the kraft and brought to Sherlock. Sherlock tasted it.
“It's NHS protocol when a positive test comes back for HIV we do it twice. Your blood came back positive twice. I am so sorry.”
Three days later, the rings arrived at Lestrade’s office. Since it was John’s day off, Sherlock was hawkishly checking his text messages. He went to Lestrade’s office and retrieved the package. “Good luck, Sherlock,” Lestrade said as Sherlock was letting himself out.
He knew that Victor worked here for the government because after graduate school he and Sherlock were recruited by Mycroft. Then Sherlock got bored and did drugs more extensively and that was the end of their romantic relationship.
I was thinking of how I was going to explain this to Mycroft Holmes. I called 999. “Hello, I was with my friend and he was I don’t know hallucinating.” The operator was an idiot and asked me ridiculous questions. “I don’t know what he took. He has Autism.”
“What? Is this for his stag do?” Mycroft had a bored voice on. That tone reminded Sherrin that Mycroft shouldn’t be trusted on these types of issues. He knew, however, that Mycroft was the person to call.
Sherlock looked at him. “Yes, actually, Since I have my license at 16; I love cars. So forgive me for not telling you.”
“Yes, well, I am not as smart as you,” Lestrade said; looking at Sherlock with admiration. “How did you figure out?”
“No.” They reached Baker Street and went up the seventeen steps to their flat. The apartment was quiet; Willow was with the nanny upstairs.  Sherlock, after washing the evidence of his self-stimulatory behaviour went up to her room.
“According to this file,” Mike glanced at the file he was holding. “Oh, just a couple of words, he uses a tablet or his laptop to speak but he’s one of the best students in the whole of his program. Top of his class last year.”
“Yes, I know,” said Mycroft. He directed his statement at John. “Mummy and father always followed his whims on where to go on holiday.”
I woke up in Sherlock’s room. I asked him last night if I could sleep on the sofa in his room because I could feel that there was someone watching me. He said yes with a derisive snort. So, I was here in his bedroom when Sherrinford bounded in.
“No, I guess not,” John said, and he remembered an article he had read a while back about families never telling their children they had autism. “Did your parents tell him he had autism?”
Sherlock nodded. “I can,” he said, looking at John while climbing into the ambulance. “John!” he bellowed. “See you at the hospital?”
I nodded. “I can see that.”   We followed he to his room upstairs wherein sat a baby grand piano. Her room was huge, maybe bigger than my flat.
He could never be a househusband; his mind would disintegrate. He couldn't imagine himself as a professor, like his mother and Sherrin. Sherlock shuddered at the thought.
The nanny, as soon as she saw Sherlock came in, looked at him and asked without words how the appointment went. Sherlock approached his daughter, who didn’t gave any indication she saw him.  “She has it,” he said simply.
They were coming down their room; when Mrs Hudson came bursting with breakfast pastries and two cups of steaming coffee. “Ah, thank you, Mrs Hudson,” said Sherlock; looking at the food with some regret.
John saw the look at reacted first. “No,” He looked at Sherlock with a stern look. “We are eating here, Sherlock.”
Sherlock sighed, a tad uncomfortable with the situation. “I don’t like eating with my hands, and you know it, John,” Sherlock said a bit petulantly.
“Yes, the funny thing is,” He laughed, looking at the scene outside. “I didn’t appreciate him. I didn’t have to, but what if…” Sherlock trailed off.
Sherlock was still asleep; John put Sherlock’s seatbelt on. His partner stirred. “John?” Sherlock said, falling back asleep.
So, his dad and I went on a hunt calling his name. We walked from their house to the Princess Diana Memorial Playground. He was looking down at a play area, rocking and flopping his hands.
“Yes, you can have your smoothie,” John said. He got up to retrieve the smoothie. As he opened the fridge, he frowned; he missed Sherlock’s experiments. His partner hadn’t experimented since his return six months ago.
Sherlock looked at John who was writing what Max was saying. “Good parents.” The detective commented. The kid looked up and smiled.
I turned to Sherlock. “You get your iPad.” He nodded and stood up. I followed him.  “Where are we going?” He typed.
John gaged Sherlock’s mood from the rocking. Ever since his return Sherlock would rock more when he was upset; PTSD symptoms in people with Autism included regression. He was rocking more vigorously now.
“That was for anxiety, you git,” John said, looking at Sherlock half angry and half amused. “Why are you so intelligent yet stupid?” John asked rhetorically.
John smirked at him. “You erase his name in your mind palace. I meant Greg; our friend from Scotland Yard."
However, as soon as Sherlock saw Donavan in front of the yellow tape, he sighed. “Hello, freak, Lestrade said you were in America. What were you doing over there? Getting away with murder?”
“What happened last year, Ms. Starr, when he was working in the family business?” Greg asked, glaring at Sherlock.
“We’re here, love, in New York, John F. Kennedy airport,” said John, looking at Sherlock worriedly. “You’re high, Sherlock.” John looked towards his lover and requested for a wheelchair.
“Sherlock!” John said in shock as Sherlock burrowed his head into the mattress and promptly fell asleep. John sighed and gave Sherlock’s body a tight squeeze. “Good night, love.”
They walked the hospital corridors, Sherlock following him behind in a more sedate phase, into a room down the corridor. The men entered the room quietly. The boy was sedated.
Mycroft went to the kitchen, pouring a cup of tea. And Mycroft said. “I would be releasing a statement today about my experience with Landon.”
Sherlock and John left Andreka’s office with a heavy heart. On the way to the tube station, Sherlock said. “I studied at Harrow School and I wondered now, what happens to some of my classmates, I just keep to myself at school.”
They sat at the piano drinking their tea. Sherlock knew that his soon-to-be husband had learnt to play the piano when he was a boy. His fiancé played one of Bach’s Minuets.
Several minutes later, his phone beeped. It was Mycroft. ‘John, why did my brother’s blood come back positive for HIV? MH.’
John sighed. Sherlock stood up and swayed. John, who was watching, caught his arm. “You okay?” John was worried.
"Happy wedding day, my love,” he told John as one of Mycroft’s cars pulled up outside. They got in the car with Mrs Hudson.
“Ready to go,” I said. He closed the door to his room. We took our bikes to a club outside campus, just like we have done countless times by now. It was a fast cycle.
The front door opened. Sherlock looked shocked.“Victor?” he said; looking at the man with brown hair and blue eyes. “I didn’t know; I’m sorry,” Sherlock said with genuine remorse.
The next morning, John woke up to find their bed cold and empty. He padded outside to see Sherlock and Mycroft talking amicably. It was incongruous to what he knew about the brothers' relationship. John took a double-take. They seemed fine until Mycroft said, “Sherlock, it’s in America.”
“I’m so sorry, love,” John said, “but I really need to bring you to an A&E department. I don’t know what’s going on.”
Mycroft sounded grim. “Carter is in danger. Anthea called Peter and he confirmed that he had brought him to a conversion camp. I did my own research and what I found was horrid, Sherlock.”
They sat down in their respective chairs. “I am retiring from work,” he said, ripping off the metaphorical plaster. Beside him, Greg dropped the menu he was holding.
Mycroft started at his voice. “He was in Serbia for four weeks, destroying Moriarty’s network. That was the last leg of the mission.”
“Sherlock, what the hell are you doing here?” Carter asked with his very distinctive English accent.
As soon as they were inside Sherlock began to have some of the same issues he had been having earlier today.  John had to guide Sherlock through the hospital which he had never done.
We arrived at the dance club where the party was being held. Sherlock was nervous going inside so I put my hand on his arm to calm him. “Alright?” He nodded, sound sensitive then.
John shook his head. “No? Is he your ex?” he joked. Sherlock didn't answer, just smirked. “He is, isn’t he?”
At first, John was angry; however, when Sherlock explained the whole story about the snipers and what had happened to him by Moran’s hand, he had forgiven Sherlock. In three months John watched as their relationship bloomed.
Sherlock was silent, looking the at the paper. “John, call them, tell the parents I am taking the case. Don’t tell them about the letter.”
“Maybe at three-thirty or four.” It was one in the afternoon now and they hadn’t eaten lunch. John nudged Sherlock to the kitchen to eat. He loved how Sherlock loves his cooking and would be asked for seconds.
They left the US after another week of rest for Sherlock. They were planning their wedding. Sherlock and John decided to do a small ceremony with people they cared for in the Holmes Kensington manner. They would be getting married in December, two months away.
Sherlock and John looked at her. "Thank you, too, for helping us. We…” John looked at Sherlock. “really appreciate your help.” Sherlock nodded in acknowledgement of John’s words.
John, of course, was shocked; he shook Victor’s hand. While Victor led them inside his beautiful home. “You can sit wherever you want,” Victor said looking towards them. “I will make you guys a cup of tea.”
Sherlock was getting agitated; the noise was bothering him. “Sherlock? Let’s go outside for a moment, okay?” John got him to his feet. They were number 15 in the cue, and the person that was being called was number 4. Luckily, they were outside before Sherlock started pulling his hair.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. John got the car keys from his pocket and turned the car door on. They were inside the car in seconds; driving to their favourite sushi palace.
“It’s about Sherlock.” John could feel his blood drain from his face. His husband had been dead for two years. He was almost hyperventilating, when Mycroft’s voice sounded in his ear. “He's alive, John.” John was on the floor and crying. “Where is he, Mycroft? I am going to kill you if you’re kidding me.”
They played more songs, until a car sounded outside. Sherlock stopped playing abruptly and went to the window. He sighed loudly and took a deep breath.
“I didn’t want you to know, because you might have wanted to leave. People left before,” saidSherlock.
The man handed Sherlock a piece of paper. “Our son, sent this to us via post today, he was from Newton School in Chippenham.”
“Shh, it's okay. Mycroft told me about you, but that’s water under the bridge, okay?  I am here, love.”  John pressed the call button.
Victor looked at Sherlock and back to John. “Sherlock…” Victor was uncertain of what he would say to his friend. “It’s your brother.” He said very quietly.
We all sat down around the tree. There were even a few gifts for me as well, a bottle of perfume and a pair of Ray Bands to name a few.
Sherlock, whom John supposed was listening, grabbed the phone and barked, “You are going to help us with this, Kate.”
Sherlock had reassured John countless times that although Willow had deficits in communication and speech, her IQ test was advanced for her age.  He wasn’t worried about her. Their daughter was a great kid.
Since he had become sexually active when he was eighteen, in his first year in university, he had been very careful with who he shared his bed with. Because, as a person who grew up in the 80’s, and who could remember the protest in New York and the death of his favorite non-classical composer, Freddie Mercury, he was terrified of getting AIDS.
“Change his status, Mycroft, or I’m not going anywhere,” John said and left the office to meet Sherlock who was at the chemist.
The next person they had checked is a man by the name of A. Atkins. Sherlock wrote the person’s name on his second computer after he found Mr Atkins on Facebook. He was still teaching at a special education centre in London.
John was home while Sherlock was at god knows where. His boyfriend had just texted to meet him at their favourite restaurant at seven-thirty that night.
After thirty minutes of watching him sleep; Sherlock woke up. He smiled. “Good Morning, Sleepyhead,” John said; smiling at Sherlock lovingly.
John wanted Sherlock to answer, but Greg had asked nicely so he answered. “He and Mycroft had an argument.”
“What are the conditions of other kids?” John asked after the nurse left. The others had been sent to different hospitals.
Sherlock paused when the waiter came over to get their drinks orders. He continued after when he left. “I don’t want that hurt. I need a job that will challenge my mind while also being safe for my family.”
Then he called Mycroft. It was the middle of the morning in London. “Sherlock, did you find him? How is he?”
After paying for the rooms, he followed Sherlock up in the lifts.  As soon as John was inside the room, Sherlock lay on the bed and fell asleep.
“Yes,” John said. As he stood up gathering his things in his bag, he asked, “Did you eat?”  John had to remind him to eat most days.
Then his eyes were shutting on his own accord. He could hear John talking as he was drifting off. “Sleep tight, my love.”
Sherlock thought for a moment. “We have evidence, Lestrade. A website; a forum wherein kids gather.”
“Oh, Sherlock, I love you," John said; his fingers laced into Sherlock’s hand. “I won’t ever leave you, love.”
The driver let John down at the house; before he entered the house, John said; “Mycroft, I would talk to Sherlock"
John and Sherlock were one hour into the drive. Pennsylvania was annoyingly dull; they were in the countryside when Sherlock started to show some signs of boredom.
So, John researched about ABA and Autism; he wasn’t a psychotherapist or a developmental pediatrician. However, his husband was showing a lot of signs of it. He lacked the communication skills to talk to people; he was obsessed with the Work and most importantly, Sherlock engaged in self stimulatory actions.
John nodded and led Sherlock to the front desk. The hotel had an underground parking space. Sherlock swayed a little. “I think we need to go to the hospital.”
My fiancé is still non-verbal and autistic and that will never change. It iss amazing how he’s improved  greatly in many ways with his communication with me.  He had the motivation to use sign, I learned sign language. When it came to intimacy, it was a different matter. We had to desensitise his nerves first slowly.
After a long silence, Sherlock spoke. “John, Are you freaking kidding me?” He huffed indignantly and said. “, He knew… They actually… knew, John.” He was shouting now. “It could have been me. Hell, it could have been you, too. We must get them. And what were you doing?” John wanted to answer, Sherlock cut him off. “You were making friends with that man, God, John. A man who knew that My brother was being raped.”
One of the police officers looked at him. “Sherlock, then,” he said with a pen in his hand. “How did you find this house?”
By six in the morning, they were nearing the border of Indiana and Illinois. Next to him, Sherlock was waking up. “Where are we?” Sherlock asked.
Kate drove them to a house in the suburbs of Brooklyn: a huge forty-five hundred square foot McMansion.
“It's only seven thirty, love.” Then John looked at him. He really looked at him. Sherlock was still in his pajamas from the night before. “Sherlock, I think there’s something really wrong with you.”
With shaking hands, he dialed 999. Sherlock woke up for a bit. He was a bit disoriented which gave John more courage to call. "Floor 4 unit 8, 248 Marylebone road. My partner has been sick for a week or so, with a fever, disorientation, loss of appetite and weight loss. He is 34.”
Then a phone call startled Sherlock; it was Mycroft. “Hello, brother mine. Anthea is on her way to the airport. Just keep him safe and tell them he is allergic to penicillin based drugs, okay.”
They checked in. At the reception desk, John used the identity Mycroft gave them: John was now Jack and Sherlock would be Sherrin.
Mycroft just looked at him and raised an eyebrow. “You know, John, because of the ASD and his drug use he needed to be sectioned and after that mummy and I thought that he would need assistance for the rest of his life.” Mycroft sighed.
At this hour of the morning, Sherlock was usually sleeping, however, they needed to get going. “Sherlock, love, you awake?” John said, quietly patting Sherlock’s arm.
He sat like that the two days Sherlock was ill. He made Sherlock eats and drinks Gatorade every two hours. When he’d notify Mrs Hudson; the elderly woman cooed and said. “I would bring you, boys, food, just stay in bed. “
When John said nothing, he confirmed. “I was working in intelligence.” His doctor looked incredulous and Sherlock snapped. “I know you just want to believe I got HIV from having sex all the time with other people because I am gay but I was dismantling a criminal enterprise worth millions. I was… I was sexually assaulted.”
“No, I didn’t put a chip on him, John,” Mycroft said. His face flashed momentarily with something akin to anger, before schooling his face into a frown. “Anthea had put a camera on him. She made him swallow a pill; she was already suspicious. Carter told her that Peter wanted to bring him to a camp in Utah or somewhere in the wild west. That was three days before Carter left for the summer.”
Sherlock followed John inside of the camp’s headquarters. They were stopped by a tall African-American man who was wearing a camp shirt. “Hi, How can we help you?”
I sat back with our drinks and held Sherlock’s hand under the table. He just looked at me and gave my hand a tight squeeze back. He typed with  his iPad, “I love you, John.”’
John froze, breathing shallowly. It felt as though he was being spliced in half with those words. “Sherlock?” Knowing his reaction during, John felt guilty.
John ended up texting Greg while they were in a cab, Sherlock’s head on his shoulder.  He can’t work on this case. JW
Sherlock gave him a murderous glance. “Should we talk about personal rubbish? There’s a dead kid lying in Kensington Gardens.”
Robert, John and Kate talked about Sherlock's cases, while Sherlock sat listening to the conversation. John urged Sherlock to talk but he wasn’t in the mood for it. After an hour, they base their farewell on the two officers. They walked to their rental car hand-in-hand.
Mrs Martha Hudson who was dear to his brother and his brother in law entered. The emotion on her face was evident.
“What if I give you this virus? I know it’s not a death sentence anymore but still it’s a serious illness. That has ramifications on your career.” Sherlock’s eyes were a bit moist.
Sherlock was very quiet; looking at Victor and John back and forth. He couldn’t speak for a long time. Mycroft, adamant to send him to boarding school. Mycroft being so protective monitoring him from every angle. It all made sense now. He blinked and asked; “Did he tell you what happen?”
“Sherlock, I need to put an IV line on you, love.” John stuck a needle into Sherlock’s arm. “You can come in, guys.” They carried Sherlock downstairs. Luckily it was only three in the afternoon and there weren’t many neighbours around.
People were clapping, and Angelo showed up from chaplain. That evening was one of  the best evenings of John's life.
John woke up a couple of hours later to his bed cold and Sherlock playing his violin. It was Bach: a dramatic Sonata in the key of G major. John knew because Sherlock had been teaching him about classical music.
Sherlock forgave him. As he soothed his lover, he wondered about the love Sherlock had in him. Sherlock’s love for him was vast and true. How could people like Donovan and Anderson think him a psychopath for liking murders? The answer was completely false and Sherlock was not correcting them. It was so mind-boggling. He made a mental note to tell them off.
The process of getting their Visas went easily. However, as soon as Sherlock was touched by a TSA agent, he blew a gasket. He ran, making John and the agent follow him out. John sighed, Sherlock had been very listless earlier.
John turned on his computer, fired up the word document, and begin typing his article. He loved writing. In fact, by secondary school, he was in his journalism club. Therefore it wasn’t hard for him to write an article, however, it was hard for him to write this specific topic.
When Sherlock and I left Cambridge to go to his parents’ house near Kensington Garden in London, he sat rocking back and forth in my car. He was very nervous. I didn’t know why.
As soon as Donavan said that, Sherlock’s face displayed his hurt before schooling it and he said, “How is it with Anderson? Is it good babysitting his kids without him in the house
Callahan shrugged. “He reported that there was an incident with Landon and a.. boy.” Callahan closed his eyes, “that he saw Landon touching Victor on his private area.”
“Okay,” John said, hugging and kissing him. “Let's go. One more question,   you on medication, then?”
John stood up and went downstairs. “Evening,” John said; looking at Greg. “Sherlock was still working on rape cases.”
Sherlock was standing in front of him. He gave John a hug form behind kissing his face with such love and adoration that John was moaning. They moved to the couch.
A beat of silence later, John Watson arrived, followed by two St George Police officers. Sherlock nodded at the boys and girls sat at the shanty. “Mr Holmes?” The Police officer looked at him.
Meanwhile, Sherlock opened his eyes and took the phone from John’s hand. “Go to hell, Mikey.” He hung up.
Sherlock looked contemplative; he was drumming his left hand on the door handle. “John, you know that ABA and conversion therapy are basically the same. They are based on behaviourism.”
“Anthea just got a communiqué with Carter,” Mycroft said. He produced a tablet from seemingly nowhere and gave it to Sherlock.
Sherlock looked at him like he was stupid. “Why write a book cypher? Something is happening at Newton. Think, John?”
We immediately interviewed the young man; he told us about this website. We checked it out. Sherlock was shocked to see kids and adults….
“Mr Holmes, you’re HIV positive,” the doctor said and Sherlock wanted to cry and scream, right there and then.
Today, however, they were in Virginia for the surrogate’s appointment. They were seated on uncomfortable chairs. The doctor probed Danielle’s belly with the ultrasound wand. They were hoping for the two orange sized fetuses to be healthy. John was nervously tapping his foot on the floor, waiting for the results.
Sherlock grunted and fell back asleep. John smiled, Sherlock was such a night owl. “Sherlock, You need to wake up.” He said, shaking Sherlock on the shoulder.
Callahan’s demeanour changed. “What do you want to know, Sherlock?” He said; as though there were something lodge in his throat.
He entered the house. It was his childhood home and, despite what Sherlock or Mycroft believed his childhood wasn’t trashed or plagued by alcohol abuse and poverty. His father was a doctor and his mother a nurse. His sister studied law in university and was a solicitor.
John drove them to the camp grounds where they would work as camp counsellors for the kids. It was a dusty, wretchedly dull place. They had three more counsellors but they were dull. John shook his head and almost huffed at himself.
Sherlock’s face hardened unnecessarily. “John, change your speciality to pathology and work for St. Barts.” he said and gave John’s hand a tight squeeze.
His mother turned to me. “He should be more polite,” she said and turned to my best friend. “Sherlock, say John, these are my parents.  Mum, Dad this is John, my friend.”
They drove to the Children’s Hospital Foundation. When they got to the hospital, they parked their rental. Walking through the hall holding hands, they reached the lift to the maternity ward.
It was a hateful scenario, Sherlock thought, looking and walking towards the camp grounds located in the Utah desert. He saw a dilapidated small cottage near a cactus.  The only one he had seen in the whole desert so far. This seems odd, he thought. He went to investigate.
Wherein they undressed each other and kissed each other's lips, licking their body as they morphed into one. After which they fell asleep with each other.
They ordered their usuals. The food was excellent as normal. During their meal, Sherlock told John about the egg donor and the surrogate they would use.
Then, Sherlock went away. The mission was a covert and dangerous operation. He was captured three times and was sexually assaulted. When Mycroft rescued him, he had a massive brain injury and ruptured Achilles tendon, now HIV. How would this affect their relationship? Would John leave him? Could they even have sex? Would John want to have sex with him?  He knew HIV wasn’t a death sentence anymore, but still.
Harry laughed. “I hope you can convince her. You’re her favourite, you know.” They hung up. That phone call was three days ago and here he was, going to  Yorkshire to talked with his homophobic mother about his relationship with Sherlock.
John woke up at four in the morning and he groaned loudly because it was an hour later than he and Sherlock had agreed upon. Beside him, Sherlock was still asleep.
Sherlock startled. “It's Sherlock,” he said and rolled his eyes. He didn’t like to be called ‘Mr Holmes’ because it sounded like Mycroft or, worse, his father.
Sherlock looked at him as if he had said the kindest things about Anderson. “I want to live to see my children go to university. As you know, my mum died when I was twelve, John. I don’t want my kids to get used to living with us and then in a blink of an eye, because I offended a criminal, I get shot or something. I don’t want that risk. I need to grow up, and so do you.”
When Greg left after discussing the case, Sherlock was tired. John helped him to bed. The next morning, it was six o’clock when Sherlock got a text from Greg about their unidentified person case.
They stopped at a burger joint in St. Luis, Missouri. It was lunch hour in the middle of town. The ambient sound of the city was too much for Sherlock’s nerves.  He was stimming, flicking the table with his fingers while John ordered food.
“Of course, love, of course.” John made a mental note to talk to Mycroft about Sherlock’s sectioning.
Sherlock sighed. “I am just thinking about what Lestrade or Donavan and Anderson would say if they knew about my diagnosis.”
They headed home in Sherlock’s black sedan. They first went to Angelo’s for dinner. While they were in the restaurant Sherlock’s phone pinged with a text message from Victor.
I woke up early today as it is my first day of the last year of my medical training. The year has been tough. Father, who was a doctor, and a very successful one at that lost all of our money. My father lost millions. I don’t know what to think about that, knowing that my father lost everything by drinking and betting.
The next morning, John and Sherlock were sleeping when the call came through from Mycroft. “Hello?” he answered.
“Right,” Sherlock said, Carlson and Andreka looked at the books. “You can pick these books up tomorrow.”
I handed him his phone. “I want to see the pirate ship,” he said with his phone. We sat next to him on the bench he was sitting at. “As you know I wanted to be a pirate growing up. It was because of this.”
“John,” Mycroft said, “Sherlock saved your lives by jumping off that building. There were three snipers. One for each one of you. You might blame me for my actions that led Sherlock to jump...”
John knew that he had no right to write Sherlock’s prescription; as he was Sherlock’s partner. However, Sherlock hated going to the hospital and seeing a doctor for that matter.
Like today, Sherlock was having side effects. He felt dizzy and unable to go to work; it was the final workday of the year. John was at work because they had a case last week and
The food tray came at around eight for breakfast. “I’m not hungry,” Sherlock said, pushing his plate away.
“It made sense now,” John mused. Autism and ADHD had a lot of symptoms that were similar to one another, especially in milder cases of autism. He changed the subject from Sherlock to what Sherrin had been doing.
“I want to rescue those kids from the hell they are in, Sherlock. Let’s do this. No child should feel that their sexuality or their minds are wrong,” John said, defiantly.
They reached the room where Earvin Jazz was. Jazz was a fourteen year old brought to Anazazi by his parents. He was seen touching himself and failing at his classes.
“Mrs. Jazz, I am John Watson, we’re consulting with St. George Police. Why did you let your son be abused?” John asked, angry.
He took a bath and, when he returned, Sherlock was asleep in their bed. He sighed. “Nah… come back here. It’s Christmas; sex should be your gift to me, not some romantic bullshit or something like that.”
We went inside the bar. Sherlock looked to me, and it was quiet. He looked very pleased to be here with me.
“Do you think my parents let me just be?” He asked, the robotic voice was incongruent with to the implication words.
The packing was a little trying to say the least; Sherlock wanted to bring things with him like a pillow, ridiculous. John just shrugged. They packed until lunchtime. John was hungry. Mrs Hudson brought them fish and chips.
They hailed a taxi cab in front of 221.  He just sighed looking at Sherlock looking at the wall. He loved when Sherlock was happy; his face was relaxed and his eyes were twinkling.
After the doctors had left his room, Sherlock spoke, “John? I thought… I wouldn’t see you again." Sherlock started to cry. “I can’t believe it, John. I thought of you, all the time. I am sorry.”
Sherlock advanced towards John. He kissed his partner so passionately that Mycroft could see their tongues. Every adult in the room was whistling. “Get a room, you twats,” he could hear Sherrin said, and everybody erupted into laughter.
Sherlock looked at the boy. “Why are you here, Carter? And I don’t want to hear the bollocks that your dad gave your mother.”
Sherlock texted John while waiting for a cab. ‘I will be coming home soon. Greg agreed to be one of our people of honour. SH.’
John rolled his eyes and paid for his goods; Sherlock was such an insecure mess sometimes. He walked from the supermarket home. He was home in five minutes.
“Sherlock? What’s wrong?” However, Sherlock was moving out of the office. Lestrade seized John’s arm in his. “John? Are you going to tell me what’s wrong with him?”
“Because in Virginia, where Ms Andrews is currently living, you can’t put both of your names on the child’s birth certificate.”
Sherlock jumped with the mention of ABA. “No, no way, you are not subjecting my kid to that.” He stood up, followed by John leaving the doctor, a confused Doctor Foreman, in their wake.
“Shall we begin?” John asked and Sherlock nodded; he turned a key to the intersection. “Let’s play rock, paper, scissors,” John said.
John sighed, and glanced at his partner, who was pacing and muttering to himself. “We need to talk, Doctor, about what your son wrote.”
I decided to come with Sherlock because my family would never be the same. My parents are divorcing; they told me the last time I visited. So when Sherlock offered for me to come, I said yes right away.
“Sherlock, you're not. We need to go home, love.” John turned to Greg. “Sherlock isn’t feeling well, Greg.”
John typed K. Andersen the first column and in the second he types a check and in the third line was Yorkshire Day School.
The mayor said a few more words then he blessed them. “With the power vested in me by Queen Elisabeth II and the British Empire, I now pronounce you partners for life. You may kiss each other.”
Sherlock looked at Greg squarely. “Lestrade! You know that John and I are going to be dads in half a year. You know when we first met, you were a constable working MVA's and my mother was killed in a car accident.”
He thought back to what Mycroft had told him when he and Sherlock had first gotten together last Christmas. “My brother has the intelligence of a professor, but what is he doing? Solving crimes,” Mycroft had said with a sneer; he was right.
He needed to get a hold of his emotion because he couldn’t see like that. He went upstairs and took a deep breath.  He opened the door to his husband’s room. The doctor was inside and Sherlock was awake and conscious.
John checked his smart watch. “It’s seven in the evening,” he told Sherlock. “You want to go elsewhere?”
The medications hit Sherlock hard. John stood silently as his husband vomited on the bathroom floor. He, as a doctor, knew that this was normal with HIV medications but it was still hard.
John looked at him; Sherlock looked pale. He was breathing hard. “Okay, love,” John ran his hand on Sherlock’s arm. He directed Sherlock to sit on a nearby bench. “What’s wrong? Can you tell me your symptoms?”
He was still angry with Sherlock for not telling John about his plan. However, he couldn’t be angry at him for long. He kissed Sherlock on the head. He picked up their identification and brought it into the bed. There was an information sheet.
They had been chasing a murderer last night. Sherlock didn’t get much sleep in three days which was not unusual. John stood up to make a cup of tea. He thought he needed to write that case for the blog.
He entered the room; Sherlock was texting his brother by the looks of him. “Sherlock? Here is your smoothie.”
Apparently, the guy they were talking to knew Sherlock from the fifth form in Harrow. However, he didn’t give his name.
For the duration of the renovation, the couple were living in America in the Holmes’ cottage in California. It was mid-November and,back home, the wedding preparations were on their way.
“Sherlock, you’re not in London! You might get into trouble by looking at it,” John was telling him; he reached out for Sherlock’s arm. However, Sherlock was muttering deductions to himself.
“I have a printer in the lab,” Sherlock said walking towards his lab to print it. “John lets go to bed after I print this.”
Sherlock slammed his hand on the table and paced the whole of the room. “Ms. Starr, you’re lying. I know you are.” He looked at her. “If you don’t cooperate with this investigation then the MET will make your life a living hell.”
John thought that they would be there to talk to the ‘troubled kids.’ However, their duty as far as John could tell, was a really good camp for them. Carter was nowhere to be found.
As Kate was parking her government-issued car, Sherlock leapt from his seat. “What the hell?” Kate said, looking at John with irritation.
“Thank you,” he said. I now know he can speak but he has limited capacity, he can only say fifteen words, however he can sing and even write songs. He doesn’t call me by my name but I know that he knows I am his friend.
“You and Donavan.” He turned to Greg. “Get Donavan, please.” When Greg hesitated John shouted, “Now.” Greg got Donavan. When she came, John shouted, “Donavan, huh,  I hate when you fuck with Sherlock. Do not fucking call my boyfriend a freak ever again. DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?”
Kate Moratti, the FBI agent Mycroft had contacted in London and one of the agents in the ‘control room’, said to his earpiece, “Sherlock, engage her.”
“Where is he, Mycroft?” John asked, angrily fixing his things in his briefcase. When Mycroft didn’t answer, John shouted, “Where is my HUSBAND? I am going to kill you both.”
John entered the bedroom and glanced around. Three degrees hung on the wall. One for a double bachelors degree in chemistry and psychology as well as a masters in Forensic Psychology. He looked for another; sure enough, there was another one, a doctorate in Neurochemistry all from Cambridge. "What the hell?" he muttered.
He could hear Mycroft sigh. “Okay, John, one of my people will send you two a resume for Jack Wilson and Sherrin Vernet, later today, okay?”
The doctor confirmed John’s findings, grinning. “Well, Mr Holmes and Doctor Watson, you are going to have two beautiful baby sons.”
John wanted to cry, for the man he loved was scared of doctors who used their scientific knowledge to experiment on Sherlock. The most amazing man in the whole world. “I promise, love,” he told Sherlock, whispering in his ear.
When they went back down; Sherlock looked at him. “I love you, but we need to go,” Sherlock said; trying to get out of John’s embrace.
Sherlock and John were sitting on their seats at home after a very successful case with the yarders; a five-year-old cold case just resurfaced a week ago. They were sipping tea; when Mycroft entered 221. Sherlock groaned. “God, the insufferable git.” He said, standing up.
A case was brought to us, by a boy. A boy who was studying at Newton School in Chippenham. The boy’s parents came to us with a book cypher; Sherlock and I got to work it. The realization came after we were pretty devastated.
“I thought you don’t eat during cases.” True, but Sherlock had changed; in the year since John had first met him. He was now eating and sleeping more regularly. “Sushi?” John asked.
There, in front of them was a ship. It was from the mid 20th century and was very large. Sherlock could hear John and Sherrin talking. “How did you get this?” John asked when they were inside, and Sherlock was inspecting every room imaginable.
Moriarty, Moran, they would just be a distant past to both he and John. He thanked a god he didn’t believe in that his kids would be marginally safe.
“The worst thing was knowing that you had gone through it too. I know ABA therapy and conversion therapy is not the same, but the toll emotionally for people who are different is hard,” Sherlock whispered.
He wanted to talk to Sherlock about what happened after the fall. However, they were running late and they needed to see the director. So John ushered Sherlock out of the car. “Let's go, love.”
John wanted to cry; he wanted to curl up in his seat and cry.  He hadn’t talked about this, not even with his therapist. “Yes, they used such methods for compliances purposes. When you complied
“Yes? I mean Mycroft was right about you,” John said quietly. “You have a Doctorate in Neurochemistry?"
When they got to their destination, Greg was waiting for them. Odd, Sherlock thought suspiciously. “What are you doing here, Lestrade?”
“See you soon, Victor.” Victor led them to their BMW. When Sherlock and John climbed in; they waved to Victor goodbye.
They disentangled after awhile. John walked to Sherlock and kissed him goodbye for now. “See you by five, John.” He smiled and walked to the train station.
John saw as Sherlock closed the application and went to Google Maps. “We are ten minutes away from a McDonald’s. I don’t like McDonalds, John; you know that,” Sherlock whined.
The nurse nodded. “Alright, Mr. Holmes. We won’t inform his father.” After a short while of actually checking her patient's vitals, the nurse left Sherlock and John with Carter.
“Yes.” However, the contractions had begun. They held her hand; three hours later, the first baby popped his head.
He was abused as a child and, it was plain to see, a victim of religious ideology. His experience at camp shaped him, like those kids in Anazazi. His mind was mired with images of the camp; he had already had two nightmares already.
“You don’t know Victor?” Sherlock asked, bewilderment on his face. “Did I not tell you who Victor Trevor is?”
“Yes, I was nine years old, Mycroft was eight,” Sherlock said while they were inside the tube station.
“I just had lunch with your brother,” said Greg and John saw Sherlock flinch. Greg noticed it too. “What’s wrong?”
Sherlock went to Greg’s laptop on his desk, turned it on and searched the database for a particular case.  “Oh, shite, of course he was already dead. So it was a copycat then…”
Reluctantly, Sherlock stood up and made his way to the hotel bathroom, John following. By mutual agreement, the two lovers bathe at the same time, washing each other's bodies.
After getting their rental, they went to Mycroft’s flat. John wanted to go to the bedroom and sleep. However, Sherlock had different plans. Turning on his laptop, Sherlock researched wilderness camp.
John had recalled a lot of instances with Sherlock; Sherlock blinking then afterwards, shaking his head. “You. are. a. big. fat. Idiot. Sherlock.” Sherlock looked a little bit hurt at his accusation. “Okay, look at you, you need meds, god.”
Sherlock glared but the two other men laughed. “When did you two become intimate,” John asked Victor when they quieted out.
John frowned; looking a Sherlock worriedly. “Sherlock, Are you getting sick?” John touched Sherlock’s forehead.
As they were leaving, the doctor said, “Mr Holmes, Dr Watson? Congratulations again.” The doctor gave their hands a tight squeeze.
Victor took a sip of his tea. “Yes, anyway, I didn’t have a father at home; Mum was in the US during this time dealing with business. Mr Landon and I just clicked. A couple of months later, in one of the performances, Mr Landon put his hand on my junk and started stroking it. A boy in six form approached, and gave Landon a glare.”
John remembered that Sherlock hadn’t eaten in almost a day. He had only drunk tea the whole day. “Sherlock?” John asked as he padded to the sitting room.
Then the waiter arrived with their drinks. “I want to work for the yard, but only for the first three years of my children’s lives.”
“Sherlock Holmes?” Callahan said; looking at him strangely. “Look at you, now, you finished your PhD in chemistry and the only consulting detective in the world; wow, I told you; you could make life worth living.”
He walked from the flat to the restaurant, admiring the city landscape. Sherlock was already seated at ‘their table’ when he arrived.
“Five thirty today. You’ll be at John F. Kennedy airport by twelve,” Mycroft said. “At Salt Lake Airport by five and ten local time.”
John grinned; it still amazed him how Sherlock could change. He kissed Sherlock’s lips and Suddenly they were sucking each other lips, nipples; making out; making love.
He walked home from Chanel. When he arrived, John wasn’t there; he blew a sigh of relief. The first order of business was to call Greg. He answered after the first ring. “I sent you a package.” Sherlock said without preamble.
Five minutes later, he heard Sherlock decanting down the landing. Sherlock sat close to but not touching him.
Sherlock was waking up; there was a pressure on his left hand. He saw John’s hand holding his. Sherlock observed John’s face for a moment. He had a two-day growth. Sherlock cleared his throat.
Sherlock still looked appalled, but he complied. He put up his hand to play. John opened his hand up and Sherlock copied him. They laughed. “Don’t copy me,” they both said in unison.  Another try brought John to win.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said again. “for sticking by me through thick and thin. Through nightmares and flashbacks, through an unthinkable, at least for me, illness that will probably kill me, not today but many years from now. I love you, John. Merry Christmas,” Sherlock said, tears pouring down his face.
John woke up to find Sherlock had slept through the night. Normally, his partner was plagued with insomnia; John patted Sherlock on the shoulder to wake him. “Sherlock, you awake?”
“Sherlock, what’s going on?”John asked, but Sherlock held John’s hand and ran. When they were in an alleyway, Sherlock spoke.
A couple of days later, John was still reeling with the visit to his mother. Sherlock was invited to a crime scene by Lestrade near Kensington. “It's at least an eight, John,” Sherlock said, jumping up and down with glee. “Let’s go, John.”
Sunday morning, Sherlock and John woke up from a deep, satisfactory sleep. They didn’t go to Sherlock’s family’s party. However, Sherlock called his father and told him a happy birthday.
John thought about it for a bit; if he won’t let Sherlock work this case then they would fight. However, if he did and Sherlock had a seizure then he would hate that. He nodded.
The Andrea-Carlson lived in a nice flat on the fifteen floors of an apartment building. Sherlock rang the bell. “Hello?”
His brothers, John’s sister and Mrs Hudson were waiting for them; they ran towards the group. Sherlock exchanged a look with Mycroft over Sherrin’s head.
“Mr. Holmes?” Sherlock turned around to face her. “Are Carter’s parents coming?” a nurse said. Sherlock didn’t reply as quickly as the nurse wanted. He looked at John.
John left the house and went to local a mom and pop bookstore near Baker Street. He and Sherlock got together over a year ago after the pink lady’s case. It hadn’t been easy. Sherlock’s autism made certain aspects of the relationship hard, like touching; but they worked around the difficulty. John was amazed at how he and Sherlock had to survive not just that they had thrived.
In the meantime, Sherlock and John were at home it was the next afternoon; they sat at their chairs in the sitting room. They were on the sofa drinking tea when Sherlock started blinking.
Dr John Watson watched his partner Sherlock Holmes rocked back and forth, palm in his ears, humming a discordant tone. He wasn’t surprised that Sherlock would be like this; especially with the week they had.
“Are you busy, Mikey? Because Sherlock’s wedding is in two weeks. DI Lestrade, John’s friend Mike Stanford and I have a problem.”
He looked at John and moved the conversation. “What do you want me to do, Mycroft?” Sherlock asked, annoyed.
“I will send you to Dr. Wilson of our HIV center. Mr Holmes, you need to take your medication at the same time.”
They needed to leave London. It was for the safety of their family and friends for there were five trained gunmen.
Sherlock looked at John very deliberately and said, “Carter is in a conversion camp, and Mycroft wants us to infiltrate the place.
He could hear a very familiar voice. “Check his bracelet: he’s not psychotic, he’s autistic and in sensory overload. You can not use haloperidol on him,” John said.
Inside the train, Sherlock was quietly, rocking a tiny bit. They got down at Farringdon Station. He held his partner for entirety of the ride. They walked from the station to the hospital.
John sighed and began talking. He told Kate about the precipitating events and ended his account by saying; “We need you to call NYPD so that we can see what we can do about this.”
When they arrived at Barts, Sherlock was wheeled off into an examination bay. John tried to come inside the bay. A nurse backed him off. John heard a voice and recognised it to be Stamford.
Greg grunted an affirmative. “Will you still be helping me from home while you take extended paternity leave?”
Sherlock smiled and hugged John from behind. John was thinking; how wrong those people who claimed that Autistic people had problems with showing emotions, they got it so wrong. John leant in; he loved Sherlock so close. His partner may have difficulty with verbalizing his feelings but he has no qualms showing it to John. “I love you too, Sherlock.”
Mycroft sat on a chair in his morning dress in the ballroom of the Holmes Manor house; he wasn’t one of the processionals. It oddly distressed him that Sherlock hadn’t included him as one of the people on his best people list. However, he understood where Sherlock was coming from. They weren’t close, neither Sherlock nor Sherrin had a secure bond with him.
One day, he came home from the supermarket to Sherlock asleep on the sofa at twelve in the afternoon which was very unusual for him. John frowned and dumped their food in the kitchen and went to his husband’s side. “Sherlock?”
He sighed. If he could not run around with the police he would just work for Mycroft. He thought about it for a minute. He liked the cases for Mycroft; they were more interesting. Plus John would be there.
A man approached him; I could see Sherlock’s anxiety level rise as he looked at me. I did the only thing I could think of. I approached him, putting my hand on the small of his back and led him to a table glaring at the man.
After three hours of waiting, they saw a man enter the big house. Kate called for backup as she exited the car. Less than a minute later, NYPD entered the driveway.
I was wearing a sexy police officer costume. I thought I saw Sherlock looking at me that way but maybe I was mistaken.
John’s earpiece was activated to the conversation and he intervened with a sports question. “My partner and I caught a basketball game earlier this week. Do you think that the Jazz will be in the playoffs this year?’" Sherlock rolled his eyes but with a look from John shut his big mouth up.
“Sherlock?” Lestrade said; when Sherlock turned to leave him there. “Okay, I am sorry. Do your case.”
Sherlock looked at him angrily. “When I was gone, I owed Mycroft a favour so…” Sherlock's voice trailed off when he saw the anger in John’s eyes. “John?” Sherlock asked, confused as to the cause.
Then dessert was served: chocolate cake for Sherlock and strawberry cake for John. Sherlock was nervously tapping his fingers. “Love, what’s wrong?”
In the end, TSA had arrested Sherlock for not cooperating with the agent. John had to explain very swiftly and quietly that Sherlock had Autism, and was a torture survivor.
As Kate was cuffing Moran, he gave chase. Sherlock looked at him. They ran towards the direction of the criminal mastermind. He and Sherlock ran around for fifteen minutes when Sherlock halted and dropped to the ground.
Sherlock stood up and I marvelled at how tall he was; he was 6 ft. He was handsome.  Then the older man followed and beckoned me in. “I am his brother, Mycroft. I work for the government,” The man told me. “Sherlock has level 1 autism but he is what they call a generational talent in music and science.”
They were up the flight of stairs when suddenly Sherlock grab his arm and kissed him passionately. John sighed and kissed back. They were in there the first floor when they stopped; Sherlock led John to their upstairs bedroom. They were quickly undressing each other to their birthday’s suits.
Sherlock noticed that Morstan had an assistant, lurking with a very discrete baby car seat. He notified one of two undercover police officers, working as one of the wait staff.
“What do you mean for what?” Sherlock said with a contented smile. “For everything, John. First, for not leaving when the going got tough. I know I am not easy to live with.”
“Sure, Angelo’s?” He asked, as held John’s hand in his. They walked from to Angelo’s like that and sat at their usual chair.
They sat in the rooftop restaurant of Joseph Smith Memorial with two FBI agents and two Salt Lake Police officers. They would be posing as wannabe parents.
“So,” Sherlock stood up. “You know about the accusation of childhood sexual abuse. Because if you genuinely did not know that Victor or my brother Mycroft were abused by Landon, then it would be in the school's bad graces to have us here.” He’d paced back and forth.
The drive was silent, to his right Sherlock was deep in his mind palace. “What was it like in a conversion camp, John?” Sherlock asked John an hour and a half later.
Overall, John thought it was far from the worst experience with Donavan as he and Sherlock went to stand near Greg.
Then the robotic voice answered me. “I hate when people ask that of other people as if I am not listening or I don’t understand. The fact  i have ASD dosen’t make me dumb.”
Sherlock shook his head but didn’t answer. However, he grabbed a soda can from the plastic bag. He abruptly opened the can and took a swig.
They went to the nearest NVS chemist near Baker Street. The place was busy when they entered; Sherlock sat on the chair near John’s. “Sherlock?” John asked.
Sherlock was debating, he nodded his head after a moment of thinking about it. John got the earplugs upstairs. When he went down he handed Sherlock the earplugs who wore it. “Okay, Sherlock?”
Sherlock picked up John’s right hand which was resting on the shift stick and kissed it. John smiled sadly.
John could see Sherlock was bored. A couple of minutes later, a phone rang; Kate answered. “Guys, we got him,” she said with a tiny smile. “Come with me to stake him out.”
When he and Sherlock got back to London, he called Harry and told her about the relationship. “It took you long enough. I thought you could never be honest about your sexuality,” she had said.
John was flabbergasted. “But how?” He was relieved Sherlock was alive but he also felt betrayed. How could Sherlock have pulled that off?
“Yes,” Sherlock said, flopping his hand around his thigh in a counterclockwise movement. Sherlock looked as though he wanted to bolt.
Sherlock, upon receiving the tablet, began to read. Sherlock sighed. “It’s a Caesar cypher, Mycroft,” he said to form where he was seated on the pavement in the darkening day. “Solve it,” he said and thrust the tablet to Mycroft.
John’s life was simple and normal, two years after his husband’s sudden death. He had a nice paying job and Sherlock’s trust. And he had his friends, Greg, Mrs Hudson, Molly and Mike.
He had advised Sherrinford andSherlock not to get involved with anyone. Neither of them had  listened to him. Looking at Sherlock’s face, he knew how happy his brother was. Mycroft just hoped for Sherlock’s sake that this would last a lifetime.
They left Mrs Hudson to go take care of the dishes; with her token protest. John and Sherlock left the flat in the car to go to Essex which they would meet with somebody that contacted Sherlock afternoon night.
Their house, 221 Baker Street was being renovated. The third floor was being widened to accommodate three bedrooms and two bathrooms. Down in 221C, there was going to be a play area, library, and a lab. This was courtesy of Mycroft who had bought the house from Mrs Hudson; the only condition was 221A would be her flat for the duration of her natural life.
I fetched Sherlock from his single dorm room. Sherlock was wearing a Captain Hook Costume with his phone hanging from his neck like a cross. “You look good, Sherlock,” I said, ogling him.
As soon as Victor saw them, he hugged Sherlock and John cringed. “Hi, Will,” Victor said when they extracted their arms from one another.
Sherlock started hyperventilating. “Get out.” The doctor didn’t move, so John said, “please.” When the other doctor left, John turned to Sherlock and hugged him. “I am so sorry, love, for bringing you here. I am sorry for your diagnosis.”
Good Morning, Its Dr John Watson, Sherlock’s partner, I just want to tell you that I would be writing an article for one of our magazines (I don’t know where yet.) I need data for the article.
The doorbell was ringing outside. “Wait for a second, I am getting this.” He bounced two at a time downstairs.
After they ate, Sherlock and John went to the bathroom as John had knownSherlock would do. He washed his hands until his fingers were raw. “Sherlock, stop it, love.” John said. Luckily for him, Sherlock did stop.
Sherlock looked at the piece of paper. “Ah… It’s a book cypher.” John lent in to see what was the matter. “Do you know what book it is, sir?”
“Social anxiety,” Sherlock breathe out. “I can’t go back in there, John. Let’s go to St Barts pharmacy instead.”
The tea was drunk in companionable silence; Sherlock was itching to ask about Mr Landon John knew but refrained.
At five in the afternoon, when the crowd was leaving, he looked at me and grabbed my hand and pressed my lips to his. I looked at him surprised. I will admit, it was a bit different to when I kissed him earlier.
The butler came to get us. He was quiet and Sherlock scowled at him. Sherlock texted me something, ‘Don’t engage them.’ I nodded my head. Then we were walking up wide sets of stairs. Sherlock was hugged by a teenager with straight black hair and blue-green eyes. “Lock,” She said.
As soon as they were inside the airport Sherlock became agitated. He was wearing noise-cancelling headphones. The airport wasn’t that busy. “You okay, Sherlock?" John asked.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” John asked, angry now. However, his phone rang. “We’re not done here.” He told his partner. “Hello?”
Like today, Sherlock wasn’t wearing any clothing except for a dressing gown and underwear. He didn’t seem to have any interest in food either. “You want to eat?”
“Okay,” Said John, following Sherlock into their bathroom. They showered while touching each other. John went down on his knees kissing Sherlock down there. Sherlock shouted his name.
Sherlock looked at his former teacher. “Victor and his attorney, they are planning to sue the IBSC. If I could ask Mycroft to join them; I promise you; I am bringing this organization down. Then Sherlock walked out.
“No, he told me nothing. What I know is where the hellhole we're going to fetch Carter from is,” John said.
“What does he need an aid for?” I asked, because I studied developmental psychology before changing  majors to medicine. “I know that many people on the spectrum can talk. Can he?”
Sherlock answered him with boredom which pleased John to no end. “You will be transferred maybe today or tomorrow,” the doctor said after the examination. “You’re doing great, Mr Holmes.” Sherlock nodded. John caught up with the doctor outside.
Sherlock had been looking at the body but he  turned to John when he said boyfriend. John looked at everyone and everybody was looking at him. Greg and Hopkins (one of the Sargeants that didn’t hate Sherlock) beamed at them.
Sherlock answered, with a shrug. “I still loved chemistry. I'll always love chemistry. However, psychology is just different."
“We need to go see Danielle anyway.” Dannielle was their surrogate mother; she had a family of her own.
Sherlock was annoyed with his brother about being in the goddamn desert. He wasn’t annoyed at Carter; he was annoyed with the environment. He couldn’t sleep, the taste of the tea was so much more inferior than in London and it was really hot.
When John looked up he looked jealous and a little hurt.  Sherlock knew that he was still cross about what happened three years ago. But John said, “Sherlock, I understand.”
Sherlock got his coat from the coat’s hanger. “Let’s go,” Sherlock handed the bag of books to John. They walked down the steps to the front door. Sherlock was getting anxious; he kept on checking his watch.
John got up and made himself a cup of coffee. While the coffee was brewing; he checked his mail. There was an Email form Victor.
“There was another one, house, or I think it was a house.” Earvin said. “We went there when we were not doing good.”
Earvin looked at him. “The day the Alexander kid was brought here, I was brought to that house I was at. See, I was in and out of it.”
Sherlock halted his frantic pacing, glared at Callahan. “You are going to tell me what you know about the child abuse accusation; I know you were a board member of the Independent Boarding Schools Congress.”
Sherlock drove and John sat on the passenger seat thinking about the anger Sherlock showed earlier today. They arrived at the hospital after a five minute drive.
Carter was thinner and taller than he remembered and was sitting at the table reading a bible. “Sherlock,” said the boy standing up. “Why are you here?”
Sherlock looked at John then Greg and back to John and he was angry. “John? Are you gossiping about me?”
John hugged him and kissed his lips. Sherlock kissed him back. John Watson was so irresistible. “Sherlock, love, I so love you. Don’t ever forget that.”
One hour later, Sherlock and John were on the plane. Sherlock was shaking in nervous anticipation. Had he taken a Valium? “Sherlock, have you taken the med I gave you?”
“Sherlock,” John said, worriedly, trying to catch Sherlock’s eye which Sherlock averted. “You’re hurting yourself, love. Can you tell me about it?”
Then it was Sherlock’s turn. “I realised my orientation early on in life. I also knew what that meant. I wouldn’t be able to get married or have children.” Sherlock’s voice roughened a bit. “In university, I met Victor. When he broke up with me, I thought I wasn’t going to love again.” He was openly crying now; John squeezed his hand. Mycroft was taken aback; Sherlock had loved Victor, however, what he had not realised was the depth of that love. “As you know, I did a lot of unsavoury things… When I met you, John, that day at Barts was the day I fell in love all over again. However, I wasn’t ready back then. Victor was still on my mind. I know you waited to tell me you love me until that Christmas Eve. I promise to love and protect you and our children as long as I live.”
“Okay.”” John directed Sherlock to a rubbish bin. Sherlock vomited all the contents of his stomach. “I think we need to go home, love.”
His father took a deep breath. “I know what you heard earlier and I could see that you didn’t approve of our methods…”
John smiled at him. “Sherlock, I know that you are grateful for Mycroft. I understand him more now.”
Sherlock could practically see the cogs turning in Mary’s smug grin. "You know him, Mr Holmes, " Mary said, a cold expression in her eyes.
John saw people were staring at him, pitying expressions on their faces. “Okay, don’t look at him, please.”
John sighed. “It’s okay to show weakness, Sherlock, no one will know.” The detective shoved John. “Ouch, it’s true though, no one would care, love, okay.”
“Incredible, Sherlock,”  John said. “That was amazing. How about that car? He pointed at a black Mercedes Benz.
Sherlock got up very slowly and John became really worried. Sherlock had come back from the dead just three months ago and he was like a slow-motion film camera.
Dr Wilson, his HIV specialist, hit the right cocktail of medication, with which he was able to work with little side effects.  He felt great with the meds he just was hoping that he would be okay for many more years.
Sherlock observed the thirteen-year-old. He has dark blue eyes, like Andreka, Carlson’s hair and his nose. “Hi,” Sherlock said. They shook hands. Maximillian looked at Sherlock assessing him.
John stood up to the master bath and took a piss and then he took a bath and went down to the main flat. He needed Sherlock’s okay that he would be fine with the food. He made breakfast for Sherlock and himself.
Sherlock did stir at that moment but his movement was sluggish which worried John. He had known early on that Sherlock was strange; however, he was acting stranger than usual. “Sherlock, come on, love, you need to eat.”
It was a sunny afternoon when John Watson’s office phone rang. It was Mycroft Holmes. John frowned; he hadn’t spoken with his brother-in-law since the funeral.
Sherlock sat at home, with Mrs Hudson on his hills on the state of their flat. He was bored. The rape case admittedly was dull; after they had analyzed the cypher, and then how many of the teachers were paedophiles; the case is nothing of interest for him. Except for the knowledge he gleaned about his older brother; that was illuminating.
John knew that Sherlock was a little bit skittish about his autism. His partner didn’t want people to know he had an ASD. Sherlock angrily went to their bedroom.
We just sat on top of the roof of my car star gazing, with him typing and me talking about anything and everything. At one point, I asked him about the future, “Sherlock,” I said looking at him, “What are we doing?”
He shook his head forgetting Harry couldn’t see him.  “Harry, you can't." It should be him not her confronting their mother about being gay.
On the third day, while they were at the hotel eating, they were talking about Carter’s predicament when Sherlock said he wasn’t sure if the child was still alive.
Mycroft shook his head. “Sherlock, I would be l was leaving.” Mycroft stood up and at the out of the flat. “I won’t ask you to come tomorrow but if you want then it would be good.” With that Mycroft left the flat.
John was surprised. “You want to cuddle?” he asked teasingly. Sherlock screwed his face in a grimace.
John was angry however he was also amused with how Sherlock wanted to protect John. “Next time, tell me, please.”
Sherlock felt bad for everything that had happened to John during his time away. But he only squeezed John’s arm in a silent gesture of understanding.
John was still laughing at him. “Do you really not know what twenty questions is, Sherlock?” he teased.
John shifted gears before answering Sherlock with a shrug. “There is nothing more to tell. I told you it all earlier,” said John, glancing at his partner.
“Right,” Lestrade said in mild defeat; he had been found out already. “Marc Andrews, a 30-year-old diabetic man killed last Sunday.”
“Okay, Sherlock, your boredom is palpable here,” John said from the driver's seat of their rental car.
Mycroft didn’t know what to say to him, true then John thought I would be. “Sherlock,” Mycroft looked at John. “I know, but it’s Daddy’s 80th birthday. Convince him, Please, John.” With that Mycroft was slipping down the flat.
I smiled at him, and I held him next to me. I pointed out constellations to him but he was pretty oblivious to astronomy. I guessed that it was because of him having the particular brain that he has.
John helped Sherlock with his clothing. “Okay, let's go home.” They walked downstairs into one of Mycroft’s cars.
However, Sherlock loathed its other side effects. Like now. Sherlock was rocking back and forth in the middle of a bloody hospital because he was stressed out. The smell and the sound was too much.
“I have food at my place, you could go there?” Sherlock nodded his head. “You know how to bike right?” He rolled his eyes.
Two minutes later, John was out of the car, consoling Sherlock. This thing was so weird. In their past life, Sherlock wouldn’t have been seen like this - crying on the pavement because John had said something to him.
“Why?” Sherlock asked getting angry now. He didn’t like being lied to because of his childhood wherein the philosophy is that children were meant to be seen.
“It was her boyfriend; why do I need to work with people who are dumb,” Sherlock said. “Who’s the case is this, detective inspector? It’s so elementary. The sarcasm bled from his latter statement.
He had been thinking of his life; he was extremely fortunate. He never would’ve thought his life could turn out like this after Victor had broken his heart.
Sherlock examined the car. “It is a teenager in there, John. Maybe sixteen or seventeen. He’s with a girl. He stole this car from a parent, and the parent had been calling him.”
Sherlock examined the book with a quick examination and asked. “What is the name of the website you mention on your cypher?”
Sherrinford went first, like a kid on Christmas morning he jumped and ran towards the Christmas tree. Sherlock followed at a more sedate pace.
John hesitated but he moved to the right side in order for Sherlock to sit himself on the driver's side.
John nodded as the ambulance left the house. Sherlock texted Mycroft. ‘Carter being brought to hospital.’
“I am sleepy.” At the same time, Sherlock winced which made John even more concerned. Sherlock saw John’s concerned face. “I’m fine, John.”
Sherlock knew that years ago, Moriarty’s second in command left the criminal network and established his own with less success. Now that Moriarty was dead, he would avenge the person who had killed his former boss and friend.
After almost an hour, Sherlock calmed. However, he was exhausted. John half-drag half-carried Sherlock from the floor to their bed. John decided to fix the smoothie in a container for whenever Sherlock wanted it. Then, he collapsed in their bed, wrapping his body around Sherlock’s back. “Sherlock, I love you so much.” With that, he fell asleep.
After recovering from the high, John pulled away and started towelling their bodies. “I am going to be calling Andreka.” John said.
An attendant came from the back of the plane and gave John a glass of water. John took the glass from the attendant’s hand and handed the glass to his partner. Sherlock took it.
On the third try, Sherlock got through. “Hello, I am William Holmes. I am calling from the office of Detective inspector Greg Lestrade. Can I speak with the manager?”
Sherlock looked at them with his piercing gaze. “Mid-forties, surgeon and oncologist, a kid in boarding school.” The clients stunned sat at the sofa, while they sat on their chairs.  “How can we help you with?” Sherlock said.
“Jonas Victoria, has the most historic abuse accusations with thirty,” Sherlock said. “He worked at Bedford form 1965-1993; he is dead now. there was that. How many are the active ones?”
In the website that Victor gave them; there were hundreds of complaints by young people. Telling the website, how they were abused by teachers. The sad thing was; they both knew that people were still suffering at the hands of those bastards.
John nodded. They were silent for a long time then he asked, “How was ABA growing up?”  If Sherlock knew about camp, then John could ask him about it.
John sighed. He thought that he and Sherlock would be doing this kind of work for the foreseeable future. “What are you going to do?”
“I asked you to come here to talk about Willow’s recent issues at school. I do believe that she has Autism Spectrum Disorder - level two,” the doctor said looking at them. “Though Willow’s IQ is 145 meaning she is very bright, she lacks the socio-emotional skills to lead a normal life. However, we have a lot of therapies…” Sherlock tuned her out.
Sherlock’s language and communication were impaired, too. Mycroft was against John having a relationship with Sherlock, however, John could not agree. He loved Sherlock a lot even if sometimes he felt as though he was Sherlock’s carer rather than his lover.
I nodded at her. I am not naive. I knew that a relationship with a mute person, with autism, five years my junior wouldn’t be a good idea. “I am very sure.”
“John,” Sherlock said, moving towards Carter’s bed. “This is not fair, what happened to him is not fair. He was just being himself and he was subjected to this. The governments needs to ban the use of conversion therapy….”
