He was still reading through the handbook when there was a knock on the front door. His head swung in the direction of the noise and he froze, unsure of what to do. He was home alone at the moment since Cas had left a few hours ago for his new job assignment in the hospital wing. He was going to be trained as a member of the medical profession and he wouldn't be back home until later. Dean hadn't gotten a job assignment yet and there was nothing on his schedule for the day – besides taking his medication – so he just had to wait.
“Well, let's hear it,” Gabriel said as he leaned forward and rested his arms on the table in front of him.
They paused, not moving any further. “Alistair,” Dean announced, his voice laced with apprehension and even a bit of fear, mere moments before the dreaded Alpha rounded the corner of the corridor. He stopped in his tracks when he noticed the pair standing in his path.
“Dean...” Cas began, causing Alistair to raise an eyebrow in interest. “Why don't you go on ahead. I'll catch up with you.”
After just a few minutes, a large, steel set of double doors appeared before them and the vehicles stopped, unable to go any further for the moment. Before either Dean or Cas could ask what was happening, Benny pressed a few buttons on the console to his right. Once he'd entered the code, the door in front of them suddenly shuddered and groaned loudly as it opened wide to reveal an ascending spiral driveway in front of them.
have to be punished for what you've done here,” the Beta answered as he jerked a thumb behind himself at the mess of blood that was still staining their floor and furniture.
Dean lifted his hips to assist as Cas removed his underwear to gain better access to the package contained within. Tossing the burdensome article of clothing over his shoulder, Cas bent down and resumed his previous course, kissing further down. When he reached the nest of curly hairs, he nestled his nose inside, inhaling deeply and planting a firm kiss there before he moved on.
After Cas finished with his assessment of his mate's well-being, he decided that he'd had enough of the silence. He'd missed Dean and he wanted to have him in his arms at the moment. And maybe the Omega wouldn't be averse to a bit of fun after their time apart. Plus, Cas had some sexual frustration he wanted to release that had built up from his time with Alfie. He just hoped Dean would be up for it. If not, then no pressure. But an Alpha can hope, can't he?
With the way clear, Benny guided the Jeep through the opening and soon the ground beneath them leveled out as they completed their ascent.
After very little discussion, they both decided that Cas, as usual, would be the first to test out the thing. Dean lied back and closed his eyes for a few minutes, giving Cas a bit of privacy while he did his business. It wasn't too long before he felt on side of the bed dip down with Cas's weight and Dean opened his eyes just as Cas lied back down. Sighing, he got up and went over to the flow.
The lead Alpha sighed and started to move past Cas, presumably to go in search of his mate. Cas quickly stepped in her path, then hastily raised his hands to show he meant no harm when batons were raised once again.
“End of the line,” Benny announced. Before either Dean or Cas could question what the Beta meant, the Jeep stopped. Behind them, Jody's Jeep did the same. Benny pressed another sequence of buttons on the console to his right. After a few moments, the ceiling started to shutter just like the steel doors did before. This time, instead of doors sliding to the sides, the ceiling slid back and created an opening for them to continue through.
like a bed – one that was sunk into the floor, instead of raised like a conventional bed. It was about the same area as a queen-sized mattress, and upon further inspection, the long cylinder appeared to be a large pillow. Large enough for two. It was certainly squishy like a pillow. Just as squishy as the rest of the area.
” the interviewer paused for a moment, and the rustling of papers could be heard before she continued, “
Everyone seemed sluggish and reluctant, and nobody seemed exactly enthused about getting the day started and leaving Gabriel's bunker. Again. The events of the previous day weighed heavily on all of them. Jody and Benny walked them right into an ambush without so much as a heads up. The Beta Councilmen, for their part, felt guilty for the danger they'd put the others in.
They even walked through spaces that made it seem like they were outdoors. These spaces were used for farming and housing livestock. Charlie explained that the facility was completely self-sustaining, so they were able to grow or raise everything they needed to keep everyone fed, clothed and happy within these walls.
Afterward, they went back to their room to discard of their clothes from the previous day, down the laundry chute, and pick some new ones out from their closet.
It didn't take much longer for Dean to cum again with a loud groan, even more cum ejecting to mix and mingle with the previous load. Before Cas could say anything, Dean urged him to keep going, and
The crystal clear waters engulfed them, same as always, turning the deep purple of their combined colors once again (although how the hell they get purple from pink and orange is still a mystery to them). It didn't take long for their skin to be swept clean of all debris, but they stayed in the shower longer than they needed to. They exchanged kisses and caresses, lazily exploring and worshiping each other's bodies with hands and lips and tongues. They weren't trying to start anything up again, they just wanted to spend some time together after so long apart. Dean didn't remember any of it, but it did still
Charlie sighed. “I should get out of your hair.” The Beta moved to the door and Cas followed her to walk her out.
He'd ask how long he was out, thinking he had just dosed off while they were driving. Dean would give him a bullshit answer and he wouldn't remember that Dean had almost ran them off the road before he lost consciousness. He wouldn't think to ask why, or what happened. It would all just be normal to him. He wouldn't even notice Dean subtlety sneaking glances in the rearview mirror, just to get another look at Cas. And another. And just one more. Okay, just
“Well, it's kind of a long story,” Dean sighed. “Why dontchya grab one of these bags and I can explain everything while we pack. Jody did mention that we're on a timetable here.”
“Yeah. But they'll come around. Everything really did turn out for the best,” Jody explained. “Abby and Uriel are finally out of commission, and we're gonna get rid of Gordon and Amara next. Everything is looking up now. They may not be able to see it right now, but they will.”
“An Alpha by the name of Alistair. An Omega killed him. Named...” he paused for a moment to think, “Dean, I think.”
“Yep,” Hector sighed. “That's what happens when billions of people die, leaving a bunch of nuclear reactors unattended.” Dean looked at Hector in confusion, then watched as the older mechanic pantomimed an explosion with his hands and mimicked the sound with his mouth.
His answer came in the form of about a dozen or so mounds that suddenly appeared on each of the newly-formed platforms. They rose out of the milky white surfaces, seemingly made of the same material, but then the glossy whiteness fell away to reveal heaps and heaps of food piled onto silver platters.
“Well, Dean...” Charlie began, tentatively, as if she didn't want to say anything at all, “I hate how this is going to sound, but I've gotta say it.” Dean and Cas both looked up at her expectantly. “The thing is... you
“Dean,” Cas breathed, relief flooding his voice. He was sitting on the side of the bed, leaning over his injured mate. His hand tightened around Dean's in a reassuring squeeze before relaxing again as his free hand carded through the mess on the Omega's head. “You had me so worried. I was ready to murder the world.”
,” Alistair interjected, perverting the pet name that Dean had given him, “you really oughta keep a tighter leash on your mate. If you want, I can give you some pointers on how to handle him better.”
But they had to focus. Neither of them wanted the slimy Alpha in their home, wanted nothing to do with him, but there were answers that needed to be gathered and Alistair was their best bet at attaining them.
“Yeah, you'll be going to that by yourself, buddy,” Dean declared vehemently. Cas simply rolled his eyes at his mate's refusal to expand his mind.
“It was me.” He chokes out, finally. “I was— I was in a bad way, man. I didn’t know what to do and then Jack showed me how he remembered you but everything went black and I couldn’t feel Jack anymore — couldn’t feel anything. I didn’t know what else to do, so, yeah. I prayed.”
“If she has,” Sam points his empty fork at her chest and she bats it out the way like it’s nothing. “Donna owes me fifty bucks.”
“At this point, I don’t think I could if I tried.” In the far distance, there’s a door slam and the pointed click of heels. Dean doesn’t need enhanced senses to know they’re about to be interrupted. “Dean, I gotta go but yeah, I don’t know, man. It’s good. It’s
“I know, but I can’t think about it right now, Sammy.” The baby fusses in his arms, clenching and unclenching his fists in fitful sleep. In only two weeks since they brought him to the bunker, he’s grown so much. And yet, still, he fits in the palms of Dean’s hands like a gift he doesn’t quite know how to accept. He doesn’t feel worthy. He doesn’t feel anything. He feels too much. “He’s just a baby. He’s—”
His head says it’s not worth the effort but his heart still aches; it’s loss and grief and the absence of whatever he thought he—
The hesitation never really went away, though. It’s not that Cas isn’t enthusiastic. He instigates a lot of the time and fuck if that doesn’t drive Dean wild. There’s no problem with his sex drive. There's no problem with him at all. It’s just that moment just between foreplay and sex and the question — sometimes verbal, usually not — of what happens next. That’s where he hesitates. Like he’s not sure if Dean wants it, not sure if he’s allowed to take it.
“I fucked the devil and tried to— tried to end it, end him, but he saved me and I can never repay that. I won't ever be able to protect my son.”
. Usually, he makes a conscious effort to steer clear of cursing too much. Meg mocks him for it, Raphael used to—
Dean’s never shied away from sex before and he certainly doesn’t now. As a young Omega, he fucked who he wanted, where he wanted, when he wanted—only avoiding Alphas and heats and dudes that refused to ‘suit up’ for the occasion. Sex was an outlet; fun, terrible, sometimes brutal.
“Yes, she had an interesting call from a rather distressed client.” Sharp pangs of want flood his system, each one a painful spike as his muscles cramp and spur his hips to rut against his husband’s thigh at the memory of his call with Meg. Cas leans in to nip at the shell of Dean’s ear, each graze of his teeth punctuated by waves of want. “It got her very worked up. You wouldn’t know anything about that, would you?”
For the honor of holding Dean Winchester’s soul; pure, unmarred by the abominations of hell; he would do it all again.
It only takes a few minutes to clear everything up, send the kid—Kevin, a friend of Charlie’s from college who just happened to have self-proclaimed ‘elite’ taste in literature—on his way and get the rest of the staff in order. Cas helps Eileen with the shelf (a product of crappy IKEA handiwork) and Crowley sits there with his smarmy grin and offers them all a ‘brew’, which is Queen’s English for ‘please let me slack off in the kitchenette for fifteen minutes while you deal with this chaos for me’.
“Oh bite me, Jerk.” There’s a muffled kiss on the other end of the line and a few other words that Dean doesn’t even want to try and catch, tuning back into the relaxing lap of the water around him. He knows too much about his brother’s relationship with his wife as it is. It’s not too bad, though. He likes Rowena — loves her, even — and honestly, he couldn’t imagine a better partner for Sam. Ever since they were kids, Sam had wanted to settle down into a conventional life with a conventional job and it took a while but he did all those things — the beautiful house, the sensible car, the flush savings account. Then again, he also married one of the most powerful witches in the county, perhaps even the most powerful. Dean’s own magic is dwarfed in comparison, like birthday candles to a bonfire.
Cas turns to face them and it’s the same look he saw in the memory through Kelly—his—Jack’s eyes, the same one he’s missed so many times. The sincerity of it fells him completely.
Dean hates being treated like an Omega; the expectation to be lesser, only worthy because of what's between his legs. Knotheads have tried and failed with him. In a time before Cas, he’d sent them off with broken noses, tails between their legs, throwing slurs back in his direction as he cleaned the blood off his fists with his tongue.
How many lives has he claimed as his own? How many souls fell because Dean Winchester answered their prayer?
Dean wants to laugh, but the thought of anyone taking Jack away sets his teeth on edge, spikes a vicious possessiveness through him.
Jack fusses in the crook of his elbow, impatient as if Dean should just understand what he needs from thought alone.
How much time and heartbreak they could’ve saved if Dean had let him stay instead of siding with Gadreel. Dean could’ve shown him what it meant to be human. He could’ve done that,
He stands and, with probably a little less decorum than something like this demands, drops the box into the hole.
with a short kid Dean doesn’t recognise while Eileen clears up the mess of a collapsed shelf and Crowley mans the counter, smiling in that way he does that seems awful like he instigated this.
If he had any sense, he'd walk away. Leave this place in the dust with his life and most of his dignity intact.
Cas, overwhelmed and fraught and still holding on to his release, noses at Dean’s throat, sharp tongue lapping at the bitter wounds like an addict desperate for something more. It takes a few seconds for Dean’s brain to catch up, the overwhelming feeling of being whole taking president over all else; filled by his Alpha, his husband, his mate.
"I am,” Cas nods and, really, it's the truth. Dean looks up at him, eyes flashing to red. A reminder. A promise. Cas tries his best to not react, ignoring the spark of trepidation it sends down his spine. The risk is worth the reward. “Are you?"
“Cas,” Dean isn’t even ashamed of how desperate he sounds. He is desperate. Castiel is between his legs, fully clothed, talking about how much Dean gets him off. It’s like a straight shot of lust directly into his brain, addling the coherent thought there with the filthy need to be spread open on Cas’ cock within the next few minutes. Which is fine, because he prepped just in case. “Don’t be a fucking tease.”
Cas leans into his palm again, turning his face to press a soft kiss against the flat of Dean’s hand. It’s one of the most beautiful sights he’s ever seen. Which is a feat considering he’s seen Castiel in various states of undress and multiple positions all while taking his co—
(The whole thing went against Dean’s very core. The absence of meat and cheese in a dish that was essentially meat and cheese and carbs? Abhorrent.
"Well—" The shaky breath Dean lets out does not help matters. Or maybe it does. It shoots straight through him, only adding to the fire in his gut. He did that. To a demon. He did that to a demon. Dean is still smirking, clearly quite pleased with himself.
When the last of the earth covers the box, leaving the road looking undisturbed, Cas lets out a breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding.
It does, however, give him a sick sense of satisfaction knowing that the cloying scent of his pheromones will be following Cas around all day. He just wished he'd kept hold of a toy or two.
Dean might not be great with words. He might not know how to approach things delicately. He might always be a self-hating son of a bitch. He might drink too much, swear too much and lose himself in hunts sometimes. He might feel like John Winchester still pulls his strings from wherever he ended up. He might feel like he failed his family, his brother, all the friends he lost along the way. He might not know how to let himself be loved.
“Yeah, well try telling your mom that.” He bites, taking a long overdue sip of the tepid instant garbage Crowley insists on buying for the break room because it costs less than an actual coffee maker. It wouldn’t take five minutes for someone to stop in at the coffee house down the street that Sammy’s been going on about for weeks but Monday isn’t the time for that argument. The bitter taste settles on his tongue and it takes a second for him to realise what it is he actually just said. “Wait— that’s not—”
Through the monitor and through the hall, Claire’s shriek snaps them out of their domestic breakfast.
“Dean,” He starts, not able to help the smile that tugs at his lips when Dean looks up at him. He takes another hit, deep and languid, before handing the dwindling joint back. “If you want to kiss me, I’d be amenable to that.”
It’s an archaic way of thinking—of true mates and soul bonds—but sometimes Cas just hears the hitch in his breath and he
He takes a few minutes just to stretch out and, now their tryst is over, it feels invasive to watch as Dean catalogues his aches and pains. Cas flicks off the prophylactic in the trash, purposefully turning his back to the demon as he cleans himself off with a handful of tissues from the desk. He should probably shower but the call to sleep is much stronger.
“Dean has been there for me in my times of need; when the heavens turned on me, when the whole world did, Dean and Sam were there.”
If Dean cries with the love of his life very much alive in his arms, surrounded by the people he cares about in the safety of his own home, that’s his business.
“Memories,” She sobs, gently stroking her thumb through Jack’s downy hair. “Of Cas, Jack’s mom, everything.”
. Each pulse inside him is warm, comforting, soothing the ragged edge of his abated heat and it calls to his own aching cock as Cas reaches around to touch it, drags weak pulses from him with tight jerks of his fist. It’s pleasure on the knife edge of pain and it’s so good, so incredibly good, that Dean doesn’t mind when the salt of tears catches on his lip.
But that’s just Dean and, when he smiles, so full of unwarranted confidence, with half-lidded eyes and effortless laughs— you just can’t say no to that.
“And I started a civil war in heaven, unlocked a gate to purgatory, absorbed some primordial beings that almost turned the whole of North America into a factory farm and died polluting a public water supply. We have all made mistakes but that doesn't matter. I don't matter, you don't matter. This is bigger than us," Cas looks so sure of himself, still holding Kelly’s—Dean’s—Jack’s hand, a tethering touch, and Dean can feel the love Kelly has for him; not an amorous love, but love all the same. He can feel her pain, her guilt, shame, fear, but, above it all, he can feel her pride. "Jack will never not know love, and the same applies to you.”
that Cas follows him over the edge, collapsing, breathless, against Dean's come streaked chest without a care.
Cas nods, unable to do anything else. His feet cemented to the ground as he waits for his fight or flight response to kick in. Not that it would help. There’s no way he’d be able to escape that calculating gaze long enough for him to turn tail and sprint to his car.
What we had together felt so real. So good. It felt like I had finally found a place where I belonged, and that place was beside Castiel. Biology or not, should I really fight that?
“Understood?” Dean asks again, punctuating the question with a smack of the riding crop against Castiel’s pretty little balls.
He shoots Lucifer a wink before lifting the glass in a second toast. "And to World War III. May this be the one that finally ends it all!"
Ash is standing proudly in the middle of it all. Coming from where she was walking behind Castiel, Charlie moves to stand beside Ash. “What do you think?” she asks excitedly, her arms going out to her sides.
Panting, Dean pulls back and wipes his cock clean against Castiel's cheek. The boy shudders, his eyes darting away in shame. His poor cock is bright red and standing at attention, begging to be noticed. Dean ignores it, tucking his satisfied cock into his jeans and fixing his belt. He steps away and taps the toe of his boot against the clothes he brought in earlier. “Get dressed. Don't wipe your face clean.”
“Oh, no, not at all. A close friend of mine owns it, though. I just meant mine as in the club I’m a member of. It’s the best in the city. One of the best in the country.” Dean stops himself when he realizes he’s starting to ramble. He takes a breath, steadies, and continues. “No expectations. I won’t even touch you tonight. I’d just like you to dip your toe in.”
, okay.” He takes a deep breath, shoving a hand through his messy black curls. Distress soaks the air in the room and I want to comfort him, but I don’t. This is happening because of him. I know that in my bones. This is probably why my uncle wanted me to stay away from him. From all of them.
doesn’t understand that. Look at how easy it was for us to take you away! He couldn’t protect you. He put you in danger. We’ll never do that.”
"I'm going to send you an address. His name is Ethan. Do the usual." Everyone just stares at him. Dean doesn't have the energy for their judgement. "Benny. Go."
on aftercare. Castiel will figure out a way to do it over the phone. It'll make both of them feel better.
He hears a car door slam and begins to sob. He pissed Castiel off. He ruined this. He made Castiel wait two fucking years, he tried so damn hard to move on, and now that Dean finally gave in, finally admitted this is what he needs - what he
“I - I didn’t - I was just - just… uh… shit.” Castiel closes his eyes, and his hands begin shaking. The panic attack is so close, Dean can feel it in the air.
We finished our lunch quietly, only exchanging a few words here or there about homework or school gossip.
With a sigh that comes out far more dramatic than Dean intended, he decides to answer. He can’t look at Castiel when he does it, though. There’s a sense of shame surrounding it. A gritty sort of guilt. “I do. I like it very much.”
Dean Winchester drops down and puts a hand on his helmet, praying whatever it is heading for them miraculously misses him. He's been lucky in this war, but he's not naive. Dean's aware that luck is bound to run out sooner or later.
Dean takes another drink of his beer as he mulls over what to say next. “I think a lot of the weight lifted after I decided I’d go back to you. All that emotional chaos, that back and forth fighting between logic and my heart, between what I want and what everyone else was telling me I had to do, it got a lot easier. Dad never brought you up again, which helped too. Before I left the first time, he spent nearly every day trying to reason with me about you.”
When Dean’s asked what he’d like to drink, Dean smiles confidently. “I’ll take whatever your seasonal draft is, please.”
“Mick?” Dean’s eyebrows shoot way up. He thought he was going to be the one with the biggest, most surprising news today. Apparently not. “I think we can all agree that’s a bad idea, yeah?”
Sir pauses. Maybe he’s considering the question. Maybe he’s busy getting a weapon. Maybe he’s just standing there enjoying the way Castiel is fighting not to squirm in uncertainty.
“Mmm.” He swipes the chocolate chips across the counter until he has a handful, then throws them away. He turns back to collect some more. “We did stay up and talk for a few minutes after you took Dean to bed, but I meant he needs sleep because of school. Sounds like the kid runs himself fucking ragged. If he was
“Because male omegas bre-” he stops himself, shaking his head. “Okay, so alphas and betas can have babies, but there are factors involved. In order for a baby to be a shifter, both parents have to be born werewolves - not bitten - and even then, sometimes they still get human children. Like Anna. Anna is plain old human. Not a shifter. Not an omega. It’s not uncommon for that to happen. As I’m sure you can understand, over the centuries, that’s decreased the amount of babies born shifters exceedingly, because bloodlines get wiped out, yada-yada. But, an omega is pretty much guaranteed to have a shifter baby or an omega baby, as long as their gene has been activated and the other parent is a shifter - it doesn’t matter if the shifter is born or bitten. That means that bitten shifters can have shifter babies with omegas, which is huge for the population growth since born wolves are dying out, like I said.”
Aaron is in a navy blue suit with a rose gold tie. He’s holding a bouquet of white and pink roses that’s full of a lot of green shit too.
Dean’s never felt like this before. This is… he doesn’t even know. Everything is spinning out of control.
"But you wouldn't want the kids. If we had them." Dean reaches over, placing a hand over Castiel's. He slowly unfurls the man's tight fist. When he sees that Castiel had been digging his nails in hard enough to draw blood, guilt crawls up his throat. His next words are choked as he slips his fingers into the spaces between Castiel's. "You'd just be doing it for me?"
Hey all! It's been WAY TOO LONG since I could update this story, and I'm so sorry! The good news is that I'm OFFICIALLY A COLLEGE GRADUATE, and now I have all summer to write for you lovely people <3
"Oh, yes, you can." Castiel uses the hands already on his body to pull him up so his back is against Castiel's chest. He wraps one hand around Dean's throat in a possessive grip and uses the other to slap Dean's genitals. Dean gasps and tries to pull forward but is stopped by Castiel's tightening fingers on his throat. "Come before permission and the second we get home, I'll cage you."
Figuring Dean probably won’t even remember saying it, Castiel tries to pretend it never happened. He goes through the last minute details with the nurse, picks up Dean’s pain meds from the in-hospital pharmacy, and wheels Dean out to the car. Dean doesn’t grumble at him about driving the impala, and he doesn’t complain about the coffee house radio station Castiel puts on the radio, so Castiel knows he really is out of it.
"Such a good boy for me. So fucking good, baby. Turn your massager off and remove it. Carefully. Can you take your underwear out for me? Let me hear you? Let me hear that pretty voice of yours."
Castiel finishes for him. “You didn’t want me to use them to hurt myself. Or to lie and say I’m taking them, when I’m not.”
I mentally scoff at myself. This gorgeous boy is nowhere near mine. Never will be. I shut my longing down and focus on Castiel again. He’s still cradling my face in his hands. “Be safe, okay?”
He pauses. Considers something. “There is a gene inside of an omega that is dormant. It doesn’t become active until they’re around werewolves. So, if an omega never comes in contact with werewolves, and they have sex with a human, they give birth to human babies. Those babies, though, usually have the omega gene dormant in them as well, so the gene is still carried on through the bloodline even if it takes generations before the gene gets activated again.”
He reaches out and takes one of my hands in his. He's shaky and clammy. Pale, too. I bite my tongue to keep from going into concerned mate mode. I'm not his mate, and if I keep fucking shit up, I never will be.
Before Castiel can process the fact he has to go in alone, Benny is turning away and walking back toward the foyer. Castiel forces himself to face the doors. His hand shakes terribly, but he manages to get a grip on the gold handle and pull. With a deep breath, he enters.
"Careful, now. You got yourself into this whole mess teasing me on that subject. Wouldn’t want me adding hours when you’re so close to being done, would you?"
With a slap to his forehead, Castiel finds himself laughing again. He even finds himself joking, “Hey, now. Back off. That’s my future husband.”
“They are. Funny, with how much of a piece of shit John Winchester is.” Gabriel grabs a bowl of chocolate chips, starting to sprinkle them over the circles of batter. “Maybe it really is possible to be good with an evil father.”
When the door finally opens, Dean holds his breath. He's in front of his desk, ass against the edge, legs kicked out with his ankles crossed, arms folded over his chest. It's casual. Relaxed. He doesn't want to intimidate the boy. And he is most definitely a boy. 18 or not, the way he practically tiptoes inside the office before softly closing the door makes Dean think of a small child about to get scolded.
“Oh boy.” Dean shrugs out of his suit jacket and places it over the back of a dining chair. He loosens his tie and rolls his sleeves as he makes his way to the entertainment room, which is really more of a large section of the house than just a room.
Castiel slowly turns, unable to meet his fiance's eye. He can hear Dean humming softly in thought. Then, "Do you have any undershirts without the black buttons?"
That one has to be for pain. Castiel finds himself wincing, unsure why anyone would want to be hit with
“I know you will. Always so good.” Dean leans forward, locking their lips in a kiss that takes Castiel’s breath away. He’s already panting by the time Dean pulls back and stands up. “Say yellow if you’re going to come, but I want you to be close, boy. Very close. Let yourself come to that edge. Don’t run from it.”
Exactly a year later, back up on that same roof, Dean Winchester proposes to Castiel Novak. At the very moment Castiel says yes, the firework show begins. They miss it again. How could they not? Castiel can’t help but make out with Dean in celebration until their lips go numb.
"We'll figure it out together." Dean reaches out to take his hand. “Now, for the next one, I want you to be completely honest with me, okay?”
Castiel makes a soft noise in the back of his throat. Not wanting to give away that I care about him in the least, I turn to look at him, pasting on a surprisingly calm smile. I very specifically avoid his eyes.
Castiel begins to arrange his food into small, bite-sized piles. It’s a messy meal to feed this way but Castiel doesn’t care. He scoops some up and places it in his mouth, humming when flavor explodes on his tongue. When he looks down to tell Dean how amazing it is, he catches the boy nervously watching him eat.
"Such a naughty mouth," Castiel tsks to himself before pulling away to gently blow on Dean's slick skin.
He holds his breath and waits for Castiel to say something. Anything. All he gets is silence charged with a dangerous electricity.
"Yeah. Okay." Castiel forces a smile, even though he knows they won't hang out tomorrow. "Have fun tonight, then."
Dean watches him carefully, something Castiel’s well aware of, but when Castiel turns to walk back to the table, Dean quickly looks at the floor. His shoulders hunch as he prepares himself to be yelled at. A tremor of fear ripples through his body, the sight of it making Castiel’s stomach turn.
The two of them laugh. It feels so damn good. Jimmy wishes he could bottle up the moment and memorize it. Keep it with him.
Dean must be able to hear the slight fear in Castiel’s voice because his features soften and his voice smooths out. “Not at all, sweetheart.” Then he winks. “But I’m still gonna give you shit for it.”
He waits a few seconds, but Castiel doesn't answer. His hand is most definitely speeding up, though. Whatever he's picturing, it's good.
Castiel’s probably being dramatic because Dean’s sure the boy knows what a chocolate cake is, as well as cheesecake. He probably doesn’t know the others, though, and even the chocolate cake and the cheesecake are made with pretty strange ingredients.
“I’m good. The pills don’t make me sick anymore, and my appetite is back. Way back. I had the best french toast in existence yesterday, and I am bringing you to that restaurant first chance I get.”
"Mr. Novak," Dean says when Benny leads Chuck through his office door. He stands up and offers his hand, eyes darting to where two younger men are walking in behind him. One looks like Castiel, except the hair is cut short and the body is full of muscle.
“Maybe I do.” Dean’s grip on him tightens, bordering on pain. “Maybe I’ll have to test it a bit more before I decide.”
Dean’s never felt more relieved. There may still be a long way to go for them, but as long as Castiel is willing to stay by his side, Dean’s convinced they’ll figure it out. Starting with fixing this drop.
The blush on his pretty bun spreads down his check and towards his chest. His big ears are tucked. His little tail, despite his best efforts, is still wiggling like crazy. It reminds Dean of how the bunny boy’s pink button nose twitches whenever he’s nervous.
He forces himself to walk away, though. Even though he'd love to stay all night by Castiel's side, he doesn't have the right to. He got Castiel somewhere safe. Now he needs to be respectful and walk away.
Dean makes a movement that’s somewhere between a happy dance and a shiver. Then he curls his body around Castiel’s and releases one long sigh before passing out.
Dean grabs his cowboy boots before following the douchebag to a door that has SECURE AREA in big red letters painted on it. Douchebag makes a come here motion with his hand and holds the door open for Dean. “Have a seat.” He shuts the door without following Dean inside, leaving Dean to himself in the room.
When Dean gently guides Castiel onto his back, tossing the pillow to the floor, he finds the boy staring up at him in awe. He’s flushed and breathless, big blue eyes wide as they take in every inch of Dean’s naked body. It’s the first time Castiel has seen him without a trace of clothing on. It doesn’t take a genius to figure out that the boy likes what he sees.
Dean doesn't even notice Benny entered his office until his friend asks, “What has gotten into you?”
Then Dean is practically running out of the room, feeling dizzy from that interaction. He grips the edges of the sink, hunching over, staring at himself in the mirror.
The man rolls his eyes towards the ceiling, tongue running over his bottom teeth. Then he looks off to the side and yells, “Okay, private pat down!” before walking away and saying to Dean, “Follow me.”
Castiel immediately drops his hands, biting down on his bottom lip to keep from speaking out of turn.
It takes Dean less than an hour to get his scrawny little omega ass drunk. He’s much braver with alcohol in his system. He dances. Laughs. Sings over the music. He does jello shots, licking the whipped cream off his lips suggestively - though I don’t think he has any fucking idea how suggestive it is. He lets Benny touch him way too much for my liking.
The waiter returns with Dean’s soup and tells them the rest of the food will be out shortly. Dean welcomes the interruption, giving the man a smile in relief. He takes his time breaking crackers and pouring the crumbs over his soup, drawing out the quiet for as long as possible. He even blows on the spoon much longer than necessary before placing it in his mouth.
The thought makes him blush. Not just because the idea of his dorky, virgin ass in this bed with Dean is both arousing and embarrassing, but also because this isn’t that kind of bed. Castiel understands that. This bed, in this room, is meant for fucking. Hard. Dirty. The kind of way Gabriel used to watch on his gross - not so gross - videos.
“I’ll have the smoky bacon bleu burger with fries, please.” Dean glances over at Castiel before continuing. He knows he doesn’t have to order anything else, but for some reason, just knowing it would please Castiel makes Dean hungrier than he’s been in a long time. “I’d also like a cup of the soup special, please.”
Castiel ducks his head, but he can't hide the way his face gets even darker as his blush spreads all the way down his neck and to his chest. "I wanna suck your cock, sir."
“C-can I… change now?” Castiel whispers, head hanging as he continues to stand with his ass facing Dean.
“No, I’d like that, Cas. I’d like that a lot.” Dean smiles. “But the bed in here is nice to have, too.”
Struck by the still silence of the room, save for their racing hearts, Dean reaches out for him and sudden relief settles in his belly as Cas leans into his palm, cradling it with both of his own. It’s a simple caress, a thumb stroke across a flushed cheekbone. Cas has never looked so fond. Dean loves him. God, how he loves him. “I love you without condition, baby. Forever and a day.”
"N-no," the man admits, fear widening his eyes. His chest rises and falls too fast and Dean flinches.
Then it backs away slowly, watching me as if I'm the dangerous one in this clearing. When it gets to my bag, it lowers its head and noses against the leather before nudging it a few inches closer to me in the grass. It stares at me for a few seconds before doing it again.
“Good boy.” Dean grips Castiel’s bicep gently, but with enough pressure to show his authority. He guides Castiel up the two stairs that lead to the platform the bed is on, then helps him climb onto the mattress and settle in the center of it. He presses a kiss to Castiel’s bare shoulder when he has him where he wants him to be. “Just try to breathe and relax for this. If you feel yourself floating, give into it. Trust me. Okay?”
Which means, he realizes with a sigh, he shouldn’t push him too far. He doesn’t want to risk Castiel safewording and refusing to play this scenario with him again.
Castiel moans, closing his eyes to try and get a hold of himself. It doesn’t help. All it does is make it easier for him to picture Dean fucking him.
Castiel’s positive he won’t survive sex. No fucking way. He’s about to break apart just from a damn blowjob.
Castiel allows himself to be pulled toward the St. Andrews Cross. When he sees that Dean’s smile has only widened, Castiel’s stomach flips.
"I know." Dean cups the less injured cheek of Jimmy, trying to comfort him. He looks over his shoulder and yells for an evac. Thankfully the bombing and gunfire is starting to slow. The medivac helicopter might be able to sneak through now. "Everything will be okay, Jimmy. I promise. You're gonna be just fine."
“There’s being a stubborn old man and there's being an idjit. I try to just be the first.” He pauses, his expression shifting. “Did you have fun last night?”
see it. Of course he saw it. Castiel sometimes hesitated, and he got in trouble for it. His father hit him the other day. Hurt Castiel like he would a slave.
Castiel doesn’t question the order. He doesn’t even bother to open his damn eyes. He just bends at the waist, not surprised when he finds that he’s been guided towards what feels like a sink. He wraps his fingers around the edges of it and holds himself steady. Sir’s hand trails from the center of his back all the way down to his left hip. “Color?”
A pillow is slipped in front of him, then Dean gently pushes him forward so his ass is up in the air. The pillow makes the position slightly more comfortable, but it’s still an awkward position to be in. He’s not sure if he’ll be able to stay in it for long.
Castiel’s entire world has been boiled down to sir, and he’s not sure he ever wants to come back from that.
“Oh god.” Dean shoves up into a sitting position, scooting away from Castiel until they’re no longer touching. He feels bile burning the back of his throat. “
Now, Castiel stays up at night terrified that he’s too much like him. That he’s keeping his father alive by keeping himself alive. That he has monster in his veins. As inescapable as the need to breathe.
"Seriously. And if you want your brother to calm the fuck down, you should pick a new topic of conversation."
Castiel pulls his hand free of Dean's and swings, smacking the man across the face hard enough to make his palm sting. Dean’s jaw sets. His eyes harden. Then he inhales once, holds it, and when he exhales, he's sir. 100% sir.
They should have seen it coming. The red flags were there. Michael had the feeling that Lucifer was turning bad but he had ignored it. Especially when Lucifer took the new fledgling under his wing. He had seemed like such a great big brother. Patient. Kind. He taught Castiel how to fly. He taught him how to fight. He taught him how to heal.
"Dinner call should be any minute now, boy. If you can make yourself come before, go ahead. If you can't, then you'll just have to wait."
“Well, isn’t that something.” Lieutenant Winchester’s smirk softens and there’s something in his eyes that Jimmy feels like he should understand. It feels important.
Dean wakes with a gasp, his heart already pounding as if it’s aware of a situation Dean’s mind hasn’t figured out yet. He reaches out to Castiel’s side of the bed. It’s still warm, but it’s empty. Just as he’s about to call out for him, Dean hears what sounds like a sob coming from their bathroom. He sits still, holding his breath as he listens. When Dean hears it again, he launches off the bed and hurries to the source of the distressed sounds.
I inhale again. Then I force myself to pull away enough to look at him, knowing it’s weird that I’m fucking smelling him in the middle of a kitchen at a party. Jack would disapprove. He’d accuse me of being a creepy stalker again.
,” Dean says to the hot blonde in line beside him. He’s aware that he’s slightly rambly right now, but he can’t help it. He always gets like this when he’s drunk, and he hates flying, so he’s pretty damn drunk. “And then the stewardess gave me like a three drink coupon, god how sweet is that? I feel like I’m in the bourbon and coke mileage club. Did you know it’s only the second time-”
“I’m not allowed in the woods,” I tell him quickly, even though my uncle never actually told me that, because our fight apparently never actually happened.
With a smirk, Charlie gives him a patronizing pat on the shoulder and heads to the door. “Good thing he doesn’t know how to be a sub and in love. You’ll just have to learn together.”
"Dean," Dr. Edlund starts, interrupting their moment of happiness. Castiel mentally curses him. He doesn't stop looking at Dean, even when Dean turns to face the doctor. He doesn't let go of his hand either. "If you feel comfortable, I think it'd be good for you to voice your feelings on what just happened with Castiel a minute ago. Because it wasn't okay, was it?"
"Yeah," Castiel says softly. His hand flexes against Dean's back, pressing him in closer. "We're strong enough now."
Dean doesn’t even fight back the low groan those words pull from him. He also doesn’t fight the way his hands are now starting to explore Castiel, one sliding beneath his shirt to brush through his happy trail, the other drawing circles on his hip. “Would you be quiet for me? Would you be a good boy?”
Castiel scrunches his nose up, and it’s the first time in far too long that Dean catches a glimpse of happy Castiel beneath it all. “You’re like a bazillionaire with a full staff. I don’t think we gotta worry about trash and dirty dishes.”
Dean is shocked at the level of authority in Castiel's voice. So shocked, he answers honestly. "It's my playroom."
“Sir,” he screams, the sound sharp and severe. Castiel shakes his head no but moves even faster against the toy inside of him. Dean’s barely even moving it anymore, just twisting his wrist and adding a bit of pressure here and there. “Sir, sir, sir, sir!”
After a sigh, Dean looks back up at Chuck and rips it off like a band-aid. “I suppose there’s no point in drawing this out then.”
“I’ll always tell you. Always. You have no expectations from day to day, other than to trust me, be honest with me, and listen to me - unless you need to safeword.”
Of course, because of my luck, Jack is in my last class. Which means Jack wants to walk to lunch with me.
Most importantly - and why demons are discriminated against and feared world-wide - demons can use their attachment to the mind to harm individuals without having to lay a single finger on them or utter a syllable. With one look, they can boil someone’s insides or turn their mind to insanity. Demons can't heal. They can only destroy.
I pull away, blinking lazily at him. I feel a little dazed still. It's sort of like a post-orgasm bliss, but different. More… encompassing.
It takes Dean a moment to enter the room after the door is open. Castiel doesn't know how to take that. He bites the tip of his tongue to keep from interrupting Dean's thoughts. He has to let Dean do this in his own way, on his own time. It’s the only way this can be done.
Wood splinters through the air, making me flinch and hide my face. Then I hear Castiel’s voice, much more human this time. “Oh god, Dean. Dean, you’re okay. I’m here now. I’m so sorry. God, I’m so sorry. Let me see you. Are you okay? Are you alright? Sweetheart? Dean? Can you hear me?” Hands skim along my body, pausing here and there as if he’s checking to make sure I’m still intact. Then he’s ripping the chains off with his bare hands - something that shouldn't be sexy considering my situation, but I blame the shock I’m sure I’m experiencing - and scooping me up in his arms. I scramble in his hold until my legs are wrapped around his waist and my arms are like a vice around his neck. He guides my head until my nose is pressed against that spot on his neck I now know is the place I’ll bite him when we mate. I breathe him in, relaxing instantly.
“You’re fighting it,” Dean whispers in his ear, no longer mocking. He runs a hand through Castiel’s hair in a soothing motion. “It’s one scene, babe. One night. Let it feel good. It doesn’t mean anything to let it feel good.”
"You’re damn sure not anyone else's.” Castiel raises an eyebrow, almost daring him to argue. “Isn’t that right, Dean? You were made for
“Wow,” Castiel whispers. He shivers as he realizes the man who did that is the man who is going to fuck him tonight. The plug in his ass suddenly feels larger and heavier. His cock throbs. He feels his cheeks heat up and hopes Dean is too distracted to notice.
“You didn’t have to!” Benny lets go of my hand, pressing his own against his chest as if I’ve stabbed him in the heart with this knowledge. “No one that likes football would be unsure of the quarterback’s job.”
“I figured as much,” I say in a slightly bitter tone. Then I look up at my dad through my lashes, preparing for a lecture or a scolding. Maybe some yelling.
I duck down and press my lips against the freckled triangle of skin, sliding my hand between his ass cheeks at the same time. My fingers are soaked in slick without effort. Two of them slide easily inside his tight channel. He arches his back and presses his throat harder against my lips. I crook my fingers in the spot I've memorized by now and nibble gently on his sensitive mating spot. Dean shouts, his cock spurting the moment my fingertips make contact with his glans for the first time. Slick gushes out of him as he humps down on my fingers and begs me for more.
When I get back into my bedroom, I very quietly close my door and lock it. I press my back against it and look at Castiel lounging on my bed with a sexy smirk on his face. “How dare you lie? He offered me coffee.”
“Should I still eat the cookies? Do you think they’re good?” Dean asks, lowering his face as if he’s about to eat off of the floor.
Charlie is the first to smile, Benny following immediately after. They look at Castiel with the same fondness that Dean feels before Benny nods once and gestures toward the vehicle. “Let’s go find us some Oreos, then.”
“I - I'm glad you’re, uh… better,” he manages to say, his voice breathy and trembling. The smile he offers me is tiny. Fragile. I want to kiss it, but I don’t. Yet another time where I deserve a gold star.
“It’s okay for you to like it, baby. Doesn’t mean anything. Plenty of grown-ups, kinky or otherwise, like them.” Dean brushes a curl off of Castiel’s forehead, smiling fondly at him. “It’s soft, isn’t it?”
leaves Dean. Abandons him. A door slams. Dean’s alone. Well, not alone. The Russian stayed. The Russian isn’t done with him.
Why the fuck does the thought of Castiel getting me pregnant make me want to ride him until I pass out right now?
Castiel watches as Dean walks to the fridge and methodically takes out ingredients. Yogurt. Granola. Blueberries. Strawberries. A bar of dark chocolate. A vitamin water.
He ends up stopping closer than he expected, settling himself at the grand piano near the entrance of the mansion. Castiel had forgotten it was even here, but his subconscious must not have. The moment he set eyes on the instrument, it had felt like he could breathe.
It rings too many times, making Castiel’s heart race and his stomach turn. He didn’t realize how badly he needed to talk to Gabriel until now. This isn’t just filling the time until Dean is free. Castiel needs his brother.
If this is crossing a line, Ellen doesn’t show it. “You should talk to Charlie or Ash. Charlie can usually be found in the tech room down that hall there. Ash can usually be found, well, napping. Anywhere. I suggest you look for Charlie.”
Benny asks me twice in class why I'm so smiley, pointing out that he's not complaining at all, just curious. I tell him I'm just feeling much better before sinking back in my seat and watching the clock. Every minute that passes is one minute closer to seeing Castiel at lunch. I'm not even sure I'm going to sit at his table, but the idea of being able to watch him, even from across the cafeteria, is thrilling.
“Hmm? Oh. Fuck.” Gabriel quickly flips the pancakes, grunting in annoyance when he sees that they’re all burnt. He dumps them in the garbage with much angrier movements than Castiel is used to seeing him use. Even after he removes the smoking pan and turns the stove off, he just continues to stand there and stare down at the burner that assaulted his pancakes. He doesn’t seem to be actually seeing it though.
If anyone ever accused them of this, they’d be in for a grisly mafia-related execution. Consider it their dirty little secret. Some men in this business have a nice little drug habit on the side. Others keep pleasure slaves they purchased from the black market.
He begins to walk away but stops when he realizes Castiel is still standing there looking at him. Dean shifts nervously, feeling himself blush. “What?”
Dean puts a pot of water on to boil and sets the sauce to simmer, then takes his glass and sits beside Castiel at the island. Their elbows brush and it looks as if it causes Castiel pain, the man closing his eyes and tensing.
Taking Castiel by surprise, Benny slides in right beside him. He closes the door, adjusts his suit jacket, and pulls out his phone. Castiel watches without even hiding it, reading the text Benny sends.
"Sigh one more time, and I'll suffocate you with a pillow," Gabe threatens, one eyebrow raised as he looks over at Castiel. They're having a movie night at Gabe's apartment. Or, more accurately, a movie weekend. Same as the weekend before. They've made their way through every John Hughes movie and are now halfway through the cinematic adaptations of Nicholas Sparks books. Gabe hasn't eaten this much chocolate and junk food in all his life, which is saying a hell of a lot.
Castiel fiddles with the coffee mug he’s in the middle of washing, unable to look Dean in the eye. “I don’t really have a place. But I’m almost positive there’s one 20 miles south.”
Worst of all, in Castiel's opinion, is Cain. He radiates danger. Not the small time danger of Alistair either. Whereas Alistair threatens with a black eye, Cain threatens with death. His little brother died mysteriously last year. It seems to Castiel that everyone at the table knows, and accepts, that Cain was who killed him. With the way Cain tends to talk about things and people, Castiel thinks the boy is raring for another kill.
I’m lucky that the end of my heat was the start of a weekend, and Uncle Bobby lets me skip a day of school too as the next week begins. I spend the entire time in my bedroom, other than bathroom breaks and one time at the kitchen table where I sat for 3 minutes waiting for my tea to steep. He didn’t bother me, and I was thankful for that. There was so much I needed to work out.
“That’s three times now you haven’t pleased me. That’s three spankings,” Dean warns. “Trust me, boy. You don’t want more.”
it. He'd be thrilled to see Dean giving into his desires, and Castiel would no doubt join him. Fuck him senseless. Dirty. Hard. No boundaries. No embarrassment.
“You’re thinking loud enough for me to hear you all the way over here,” sir says from far away. Castiel turns his head to the left, where sir’s voice is. He’s unsure what to say. He’s unsure if that means he’s in trouble. “Let’s see if this helps you relax.”
He side eyes me before returning his gaze to the sky. "It's bad enough I made a fool of myself in front of my best friend's brother who I'm probably going to end up seeing more than just today. You don't have to ruin my entire 4th of July, too."
It’s so inappropriate in the moment, but I can’t stop myself from laughing. Castiel looks at me in alarm before propping himself up on an elbow and cautiously smiling at me.
Castiel is in the middle of chewing a delicious bite of his omelet when Dean walks into the kitchen, shirtless and dripping sweat. His shirt is slung lazily over his shoulder, his loose athletic shorts hanging low off his hips. Castiel can’t help but lick his lips as he watches every shift of his body. He studies the way Dean’s adam’s apple bobs as he swallows his bottled water. Appreciates the way his black angel wings on his back, shoulders, and triceps look as he moves.
His boy throws his head back on his shoulder and whines, his hand going to his lace covered cock. Dean grabs it just before it reaches its destination. Castiel makes a confused little sound before looking up at him in betrayal.
step out of the shadows. He's not sure if it's that or the slight cutting off of his oxygen, but Castiel goes dizzy.
Dean picks at a non-existent thread on his flannel. A weak smile pulls at his lips. "You cried watching
“Castiel’s the one with the power. He never lost any power. He never officially fell from heaven. Lucifer is weaker without him. Lucifer is
Castiel laughs humorlessly, shaking his head. “You know I can’t fucking stand when you do that, doc.”
"Brother," Castiel says with a smirk as he enters Lucifer's throne room to find his brother with a naked human slave on his lap and two more at his feet, all three collared and attached to leashes that Lucifer holds.
I know it doesn't mean as much, because you'll have that apartment downtown now, but… it's still yours."
Or maybe their papa's green eyes. I think that's what I'd want. I think I'd want to be papa. Castiel could be their daddy. I like the idea of saying things like "let's go find your daddy" or "ask your daddy if you're allowed."
Dean smiles to himself, feeling warmth pooling in his chest and traveling through the rest of his body as he thinks about that. He hopes this wasn’t a fluke. He hopes Castiel doesn’t regret it all in the morning.
A corner of Dean’s mouth tilts up, and Castiel immediately knows he messed up. That’s Dean’s ‘oh, he’s so adorable’ face. “That does sound delicious, Castiel.”
"But its not a choice… the connection we have, its fucking with my mind. I'm not really even me anymore. If I left, maybe I could fix-"
Castiel steps up close. He cups Dean’s face, thumbs swiping along his cheeks to wipe away the tears. Then he ducks his head down to press kisses against his wet skin. Over and over. Until Dean is releasing his first sob, allowing himself to fall apart. He collapses into Castiel’s arms.
Castiel lifts a corner of his mouth in a tentative smile. "Trust me, I don't. But you have no idea what it means to me that you think that. Means I must be doing something right."
He doesn’t argue. He just relaxes into my hold, presses his lips to my claiming spot, and breathes a sigh of relief.
Castiel chuckles softly as he slides the key card through the scanner and pushes open the door. “Someone’s pretty damn hard.”
Benny, as always, catches onto his anxiety. Ever since they were little boys, Benny’s been able to do that.
“No.” Dean pulls away, taking Castiel’s hand in his and squeezing gently. “Whenever you call me that, I want you to
A violent roar comes from the other side of the door a few minutes later. It’s enough to rattle the wood, the metal door knob jingling. The roar is followed by a terrifying, “Where is he?” that sounds gravelly and rasped with fangs, but still enough like Castiel for me to know it’s him.
Going through the playroom as you did and standing up for yourself in regards to your limits and fears. Kneeling and submitting to me last night when you didn't have to, and doing so again tonight. You were brave enough to realize you needed to be pet, and not only were you brave enough to ask me to help you be pet, but you were also brave enough to
He smiles softly, shaking his head. “No. There’s a lot - we have a lot to talk about, but you’re going to be pretty fucking out of it soon, and I need us to talk about the most important stuff first. Then, if there’s time, we can discuss details. Otherwise, when you’re better, I’ll tell you everything I know.”
“Okay. I’ll help you. No problem.” Dean comes closer, placing the opening of the bottle against Castiel’s bottom lip. He very slowly tips the bottle, pausing when he reaches the point where the water begins to trickle into Castiel’s mouth. The boy pulls away when he’s had enough, causing a few water drops to fall on his chin and blanket. Dean wipes the water from Castiel’s face with his thumb, then pulls out the candy he took from his playroom.
Looking down at the bubbles again, Castiel mumbles, “Promise you're not missin' anything important?"
“Ya - ya know, I don’t know how many times I went to bed busted up,” Dean admits, having no idea why he’s telling some stranger any of this. He’s never told
"Did listening to us get you hard?" Dean asks in a low growl, one hand reaching out to run up Castiel's inner thigh.
The wording doesn’t go unnoticed by Gabriel. Castiel promised not to kill himself, but he didn’t say anything about not hurting himself. That coping mechanism will most likely come into play. It’s not often Castiel hurts himself, but they both know this upcoming period of time is going to be the hardest yet for Castiel. They’d be naive to assume Castiel can go without his crutch.
When Dean says nothing, Castiel continues trying to reason with him. "Don't you want to wake up together and be lazy in bed? Don't you want to cook me breakfast and read the newspaper and do a fucking crossword while we drink coffee? Don't you want to live somewhere secure and safe? Don't you want to have the ocean at your fingertips?"
It’s a nice promise. The kind you can wrap yourself up in. The kind that makes everything feel like it’s truly going to be alright.
The windows and vases in the store rattle before shattering. The lights burst. Dean cries out, “What the fuck?” and Lucifer hits the floor, his eyes hollowed out into crispy black voids, not a trace of grace left in him.
Castiel just ignores Dean, walking over to the cat litter and picking up the bucket they always get.
The floor is the same light-colored hardwood that covers most of the floors in the house, the walls the same light blue that looks white unless you catch it at the perfect angle in the right lighting. Not that there’s much as far as the walls go. Three of the four sides are made up of floor to ceiling windows, the only thing to be painted the thin strips of trim in between each panel. There’s even a panel in the ceiling, just above where the bed is. Dean tilts his head and sees what looks to be the night sky, the view obstructed by the lights Castiel has turned on in the bedroom.
Dean sobs again, though this time the sound is basked in relieved pleasure instead of frustrated pain.
Castiel’s is still trying to figure out how the fuck the man hit him from so far away. There’s no way he can possibly guess what sir wants from him, other than an apology, so he goes with that. “I’m sorry, sir.”
and then he’s lurching forward, grabbing Dean’s cheeks with slightly rough hands and pulling him in for a clumsy kiss that’s more clacking teeth than anything else.
Uncle Bobby frowns, looking confused, but the alpha just nods in a sad understanding. I'm not even embarrassed when he clarifies, "Castiel won't breed you."
When Castiel says nothing, not looking up from the table, Gabriel clears his throat and says softly, “The man who was upset the most was given free slaves, Dean.”
Still nothing. Not even the library had gotten a reaction, which disappointed Dean. He pegged Castiel to be a book nerd. Maybe he was wrong. Or maybe Castiel is just that upset about all of this.
“No, sir. Don’t want it. Just - just hot that you - that you could.” Castiel gulps in air, desperate to explain himself. Desperate to understand it himself. “I trust you. I - I push you ‘cause I can.”
There's a low rumble in Castiel's chest as he presses one hand to the base of my spine and the other against the back of my head, pulling me into a kiss that's the opposite of what he gave me before.
Dean just taps him gently at first, warming his flesh up, making the candle wax flake off the curve of his ass cheeks. Castiel starts making high pitched whimpering sounds in his throat.
The picture frame breaks against the wall, shattered glass raining to the floor. Castiel picks up a second one, but his father catches his wrist, yanking the picture from his grip and pushing Castiel until his back hits the bedroom door.
So, it's not because they're demons that Castiel doesn't like these people he's currently sitting with at lunch. It's
"Good boy." Dean pats the man's cheeks and relaxes the pliers until his cock falls against his thigh. Tamiel gasps in relief, blinking back tears. "The rules are simple. I ask a question. If you answer, I don't hurt you. If you waste my time, I hurt you. Easy enough, right?"
After glancing around quickly to make sure no one is eavesdropping, Dean leans forward and whispers, “That money is dirty, Cas. Please. I don’t wanna fight about it. I don’t wanna talk about the past. I get that that’s where your money is coming from, and I’m not saying I think you should get a job or something like that, but just… I need normal. I don’t want to be secluded. I don’t want to have to choose between living in your bubble or living in the real world. I want to do this with you, but it has to be all in. Grocery shopping. Going to the mall. Spending Sundays with the radio on while we clean. Folding laundry while we watch a movie. Eat dinner that we cooked together - well, that I’ll cook for you, but you can keep me company while I do so. I want normal with you. I - I
Benny introduces me to people as we walk through his place before stopping in the kitchen where the kegs have already been set up. He fills a red solo cup and hands it to me. I squint at the brown, foamy liquid. I’ve never had beer before.
Getting to his feet, Castiel takes the shirt from Dean and tosses it back on the floor. Then he guides him back into the bed. Dean looks at him in confusion, which breaks Castiel’s heart.
Gabriel nods in understanding and quietly gets to his feet, giving Castiel a soft smile before leaving. Dean startles when the door closes. He tries to pull back, but Castiel just tightens his hold on him. "Shhh. Just Gabe leaving. It's just you and me now, baby."
"Jesus." I sit back and take him in now that I finally have a moment to just appreciate him. He's so fucking beautiful. And strong. So amazingly strong. I find myself chuckling at the memory of us fighting earlier. I can't believe he threw shit at me! Omegas are usually so docile by nature, especially during heat. My dad told me when he came in that John was the same. A feisty little brat when he didn't get his way. I had felt guilty as I watched my dad say this. The sadness and longing in his eyes was something I had never seen in him before. He clearly had buried whatever happened with John Winchester all those years ago.
Those words hit Dean hard. He knows Benny would never say something like that unless he was truly concerned.
Surprisingly, Castiel doesn't comment. He just watches Dean walk into the small room and says, "Gabe stayed here for a while so I guess I consider this his room. Or just a spare room now. He has his own place."
Charlie cuts him off. “You’ve never done this before, Dean. You’re learning. And, honestly, if he broke that fast, then he probably spent a considerable amount of time this morning spiraling in his head first. He had probably dropped before you even woke up.”
"Shhh." I whisper, putting my finger to my lip before gesturing for him to come through my window. "I'll be right back."
“T-too-” Dean chokes and coughs. Gasps. Castiel doesn’t let up on the pressure. “Too des - esp - ‘t.”
He nods in acceptance. “I know. But I will keep you safe, and when this is all over, I’m going to make the rest of that up to you. I promise.”
As Dean does as told, Castiel thinks about their day. About their sort-of fight earlier. They’ve been okay. Even laughed while continuing to cook. It seems as if Dean’s still having a hard time getting over it, though. Or, at least, he’s having trouble shutting his mind off.
Since it hadn't made the wolf move or growl the last time, I decide to try and step back a few more times. It watches me with a curious head tilt that's far too adorable for an animal so dangerous. I wonder if he's curious about my actions, or just curious about how great I'm going to taste.
“Definitely a Novak. Smells like…” Azazel inhales dramatically, then grins. His fangs are out. I let mine drop immediately. “
A finger starts to press against my now slick hole, making me feel the need to curl up like a bug. I try to pucker my hole as tight as I can to keep everything out.
Ten minutes later, Castiel Novak has learned some valuable lessons regarding the topic of washing dishes.
“You were four when your mom killed herself. There was nothing you could have done. You definitely didn’t
Before Dean can say anything, Castiel is lining up and pressing in. Part of him wishes he had prepped Dean anyway just so he could slam straight home.
"Oh." I look down at the lunch I had purchased today as if seeing it for the first time. The sandwich and chips look unappealing. "I guess maybe I'm still a little sick. Sorry."
Dean wraps the leg I’m holding around my waist, giving me access to his firm ass cheek. I squeeze him through his underwear, swallowing his moans as I use my grip to grind him against me. Deciding I want to hear his pretty noises, I break our kiss and start to kiss along his jaw instead. One of his hands runs through my hair while the other grabs at my hip to pull me harder against him.
“I’m making you a promise, Dean. Even though you're pet right now and I'm sir, even though you knelt for me, tomorrow morning, when we wake up, I swear to you that we will be
"That's okay, Castiel. Perfectly okay. How about we just talk for a bit, alright?" When Castiel nods, the doctor gives him a tentative smile. "Let's start with the arranged marriage."
Castiel’s brow furrows, but it’s not from confusion. He knows Dean’s right. He’s just pouting. “Fine, ask away.”
After a few more seconds, Dean steps back from the man. He tilts his head and smiles. His hand cups the man's cock, stroking it gently, massaging him, getting him hard. Castiel bites the tip of his thumbnail, aroused and disgusted, entertained and jealous.
Stumbling over to his bottle of Jack, Dean washes down the taste of bile and slumps to the floor. He pulls out his phone.
Unable to stop himself, Castiel leans down and presses a quick kiss to Dean’s forehead. Then he hurries to the living room to grab one of the throw pillows from the couch. He picks the bluest one.
Dean looks over at Castiel and gives him a soft smile. It instantly makes Castiel feel a hundred times better. He's practically in heaven when Dean scoots a little closer and takes one of his hands. "I can try my best to do that."
And the bunny. Castiel fucking cuddled a stuffed bunny like a child! Which is exactly what his dad was always saying about him. He’s a child. A stupid, helpless, pathetic child. Someone who can’t handle the reality of the real world like everyone else. Someone weak.
“Yeah.” I release a breathy laugh. “Any ideas? Other than shoving him up against his locker first thing in the morning and kissing him until he presents?”
"No." Castiel speeds up his hand, the filthy sounds echoing in the room. "You can turn on your massager, though."
"Do you need anything?" Dean asks, a smile clear in his voice. "Bathroom? Water? I gave you some Tylenol a little while ago. Not sure if you remember."
“I swear.” Castiel gives him a soothing smile, his thumb stroking Dean’s cheekbone. “Is this okay, Dean? Are we moving too fast? Was I - was I too rough?”
I want to cry, but I clamp down on my bottom lip to hold it in. He asks if I'm hungry or thirsty when we get home. I shake my head. He asks if I want to talk and I shake my head again. I scurry off to my room, climb under my blankets, press my face against my pillow, and let the reality of my life crash into me.
"Shhh." Dean steadies Tammy, helping him gain balance on his toes. The man is short enough for them to be face to face despite the chains pulling him toward the ceiling. Dean cradles Tammy's head to his neck, just like he would when Castiel is upset. He even strokes a gentle hand down the man's spine. Tammy shudders, actually leaning into the touch. "There you go. Just relax. Be my good boy."
Castiel starts to lurch forward, but Dean wraps his arm around him, pressing his hand to Castiel’s chest to keep him firmly in place. “He’s okay.”
None of it is a question. None of it is a request. None of it is an explanation as to how he knows I showered, or why it didn’t work.
“Whatever you want.” I feel myself sway on my feet, so I put a hand out against the wall, steadying myself. “Whatever you wanna do to me.”
I rip open the box with my free hand and my teeth until I have the dildo free. Dean moans when he sees it and cants his hips in a wordless request. I don't tease him by taking it slow, knowing he's plenty ready for a dildo. Once I've dragged it up and down his crack to coat it in slick, I press the tip of the toy against his fluttering hole and gently push upwards. He takes it all the way until the start of the knot, his rim resisting once the dildo gets too big.
Castiel closes his eyes as if he can escape the humiliation. His cock is painfully hard, though, stretching the lace at his crotch as it begs for attention. The boy might be embarrassed and flustered, but that doesn’t mean he doesn’t like it.
From his new position, sir says, “The rules are simple. I ask a question. If you answer, I don't hurt you. If you waste my time, I hurt you. Easy enough, right?"
Castiel laughs softly. “I’d like to go through some of it with you at some point. There are a few things that technically fall under that category that I think you’d actually be open to. For example, there are a few cock cages I’d like to show you.”
He sighs heavily, stopping her when she tries to pass him. He looks her in the eyes and says sincerely, “Thank you for taking care of him.”
“So?” Ketch shrugs a shoulder. “I just got out of a 6-month live-in relationship. Maybe a one night scene would be good for me.”
Dean’s legs are pulled apart, then pushed forward until he’s on his face and left shoulder, looking at the abstract painting on the wall as his ass is presented in the air.
He says it so casually that Castiel laughs. It’s as if Dean just agreed that they should check out a new movie on Netflix or a new dish at a restaurant.
My words bother Castiel. Tension rolls through his muscles, and somehow, unexplainably, I feel it in my own body. There’s a sudden surge of anger in my chest. My hands itch to grab something and hold it tight. Castiel tightens his fingers around my small hand in his, looking down at me with eyes that look so much like that wolf from my dream.
"Yeah." Castiel pulls him in for a quick kiss before pulling him out of Sam's room and down the hall. "I like it too."
"Come in!" is barked from inside. Castiel expects Benny to follow the order, but the door doesn't open.
“I just - I had to remind myself that I’m just helping you right now. Almost slipped into full dom mode.”
“Yes.” Castiel smiles, hoping Dean can see that Castiel is not at all conflicted over this anymore. “I’d like to try more of that with you, sir. I trust you.”
Unfortunately, just that round of spanking made Castiel ready to break into a million pieces. He’s doomed. He won’t last much longer at all.
Castiel pulls his hands from Dean and stands up. The rest of Dean’s words tumble down his throat. He feels like he might choke on them.
Ash jumps in. “Then I’ll start planning with you! Today, or a different day if you’d rather. Whenever! You and Dean need to set the date. He’s running out of time with the deal with your father.”
“We won’t be leaving here until you can prove to me you can keep yourself safe, boy. Better get your shit together.”
Butterflies flutter from Castiel’s tiptoes all the way to his brain. “I love you too, Dean Winchester.”
“Yeah. He could.” Castiel scoffs. “He put cameras everywhere, upped my security, and specifically had one person at all times watching the feed of wherever I was. It felt like a fucking prison.”
"I need you to get in touch with Ash and Charlie and schedule a meeting as soon as possible. We need to up Castiel's security."
Dean obeys, but as he starts to slurp the water down, he thinks of sucking Castiel's cock and starts laughing. He chokes on water and some comes out of his nose as he laughs.
“Good choice.” Sir runs a fingertip from the base of Castiel’s throat down to his pelvis, stopping just short of his cock. Then he’s walking away, his steps heavy enough for Castiel to track them. One, two, three, four, five, six.
"You'll go in our room now. Fold that blanket and put it away. Sit on the chair beside the fireplace. Don't. Move."
This makes Dean chuckle darkly. “My dad would have you dead within 24 hours. Plus, you have a house on the beach, right?”
Kripke Academy has one of the best pre-college academic tracts in the state. That's the reason Castiel latches onto, twisting and pulling until his parents agree to let him go. He's forced to make a deal, though. When Castiel graduates, he'll go to his parent's college of choosing and he will go alone. Single. Unattached. Without Dean Winchester by his side.
The touch seems to help bring Castiel back to the moment. His ass clenches, his eyes widening. With pink cheeks, and a dazed look in his eyes, he whispers, “
Dean hums low in his throat, pleased. “What, you think he shouldn’t be able to come without being fucked, baby?”
He likes it enough that he accidentally perks up and looks directly at Dean. The man is gorgeous as he leans a shoulder against the doorframe, sunlight making his bare torso glow. Athletic shorts hang low on his hips, revealing the beginnings of his well-kept pubic hair.
"We'll be right there!" Sir yells in an amused voice that should piss Castiel off. It doesn't, though. Sir sounds
“So good for me,” he whispers, his fingertips dragging along the lace. Dean’s skin is radiating heat from where he’s been hit. “Are you still hard, Dean?”
Dean chuckles, the sound dark and dangerous enough to make Tamiel sink in on himself. This idiot obviously has no idea what he's dealing with. That's fine. Dean is happy to show him.
Sir cups his cheeks, smiling down at him. "Because your father will be there, and I want him to see how well you're doing with me. I want him to be fucking stunned when he sees you healthy, happy, fucking glowing, by my side. I want him to realize he didn't hurt you by doing this. He didn't hurt me. I want him to realize he didn't win. He's never going to win. That's the only reason, sweetheart. Don't get me wrong, I want to give you nice things and pamper you and dress you up and take you to fancy places and on exotic trips and give you the fucking world, but only if you want those things. Okay?"
The compliment clearly makes Castiel uncomfortable because he looks away, flustered and awkwardly shifting on his feet. Dean’s about to come up with some sort of joke to lighten the mood when Castiel nods his head toward the water and asks, “Wanna take a swim?”
"Fuck," Dean growls, his own orgasm becoming unbearably hard to hold back. He laughs breathlessly as he fucks into the body beneath him. "You stubborn fucking boy. You're really going to sacrifice your orgasm, aren't you?"
“Where have you been?” Dean asks in a casual voice that doesn’t match the sound of his racing heart. He doesn’t look at me. I wonder if he feels the same thing I do when our eyes meet, and that’s why he’s avoiding them.
Unable to stop himself from smiling, Castiel shakes his head in frustration and pulls Dean into a heated kiss. He kisses the boy breathless before resting his forehead against Dean's and admitting, "I thought you left me."
Frowning, Dean turns to his rack of clothes and begins picking some out. He won’t be sleeping any more tonight. Might as well get dressed for the day. As he starts pulling dress pants up his legs, the ones for his favorite suit, Dean gives Benny his orders. “I want more info on these two demons, and someone needs to get me the whereabouts of Crowley right now. Check in with The Angels, I guess. Probably a good idea with the alliance. Give ‘em a heads up that Crowley might be stirring shit up.”
Castiel snaps his eyes up at the doctor, surprised that he’d ask that. Then he quickly looks over at Dean in a slight panic.
Dean has enough time to see Castiel pull his cock out of his pants with his other hand. He has enough time to say no.
Dean’s disappointment burns in Castiel’s throat. It’s acid on his tongue. But… there’s a thrill to it, too. Almost as if he likes that he made Dean mad. As if he likes that he’s about to be punished for being a naughty boy.
“Yes. Yeah. Fine. Just…” Dean takes a deep breath. He’s one of the most powerful men in the country. In the fucking world. He just murdered a man a few minutes ago. He murders men all the time. Tortures them. People fear him.
“Absolutely. After what we did together last night, you were so close already. What did it feel like?”
“Fuck, I love you, Cas.” Dean’s eyes snap open, his cheeks turning pink. He stares up at Castiel in a slight panic. “Didn’t mean to say that out loud.”
“Alright, sweetheart,” Dean coos, reaching a hand down to his sweet boy’s cock and ball ring. “Alright, you can come. Sir wants you to come. Can you do that for sir? When sir frees your little cock and balls, are you gonna come for sir? Are you gonna show him how good he’s making you feel?”
A hand wraps around Castiel's cock, just the right pressure. It’s wet and warm. He falls forward against sir as the man begins stroking him, his face hitting somewhere on his body and resting there. Sir allows it. Castiel opens his mouth to thank him, but all he manages to do is sob in relief.
“I will!” Castiel nods rapidly, grabbing onto the front of Dean’s shirt to make him understand. “I will. I’ll be good. So good for you.”
Then he's just thinking about the compound in general. Thinking about how much there is that Dean doesn't know; that Dean has been to selfish to even try to know.
Dean closes his eyes. I miss the pretty green of them already. “I just… I can’t think. There’s so much… I - there’s too much, Cas. So many decisions.”
“Good morning!” Dean squeaks before dissolving into childish giggles. Castiel looks over to find his boyfriend riding on Sam’s back, arms and legs locked around him like a child going piggyback. Sam is pretending to be struggling under the weight of him, groaning and gasping and fake-stumbling, making Dean laugh and laugh.
“Like my heads of security. My second hand man. My enforcers. My team. My fiance.” Dean waves a hand through the silent air. “You know, the people that live in this large mansion that is suddenly strangely quiet.”
It might be hours, it might be minutes, Castiel doesn’t know. Eventually, though, sir makes his way over to him. The man above chuckles darkly as he assesses him. Castiel can’t imagine how he must look. So worked up and desperate already. Pathetic.
. I try to assure him I’m going to come for him. I try to promise I’ll always take care of him. I tell him over and over that I love him.
“Wow good.” Castiel hands the album back, looking around the room again. “So I pick stuff out and you do the hard parts?”
Dean was raised in New York. No wolf would live there. Not if they could help it. The city would feel suffocating. Too far away from the woods. The light pollution probably even blocks out the fucking moon. If he did ever happen to come in contact with a wolf that’s visiting the city, it would have never been long enough exposure for his body to change.
Before Castiel can argue, there’s a relieved groan that travels through the air. Both men turn to see that the submissive finally met his mark. His dominant is chuckling softly, using one hand to hold the fleshlight and the other to hold the submissive in place by the rope on his chest, keeping him from drifting away again. It must be a reward for him successfully getting inside the fleshlight. His dominant holds him steady while the submissive bucks desperately into the fleshlight.
I just wanted to thank all of you lovely people for reading - & commenting on! - this fic. I'm so overwhelmingly glad you all love it as much as I do <3
Dean closes his eyes, picturing Castiel’s face as he watched that fucking machine in awe. “Yeah, Cas. Because of you.”
When Castiel sees him, he stands up. Dean’s eyes rake over him. He’s changed a lot these past two years. First of all, he’s not in a suit. Instead, he’s dressed in dark wash jeans that hug his legs just tight enough to look damn good without making him look like a hipster, and a simple heather-gray t-shirt that hugs his chest and arms while hanging slightly loose on his stomach. His hair is more wild than usual, too. He probably doesn’t have to cut it as much anymore, considering he’s not meeting with some of the most important people in the world on a weekly basis. He’s tan. Must spend more time outdoors now, instead of locked away in an underground compound.
"Do you know what that means?" Before Castiel can guess, Dean smashes their lips together violently, his mouth hungry and demanding. He growls into the kiss, "You're healthier. You're fucking healthier now." Then he goes back to kissing Castiel so hard Castiel gets dizzy and breathless.
My question makes him bark a laugh. “It’s damn small, yeah. I like that, though. Whole town is like one big family. And it might not have much, but the kids seem to come up with plenty to keep themselves busy.”
Not sure what to say, Castiel just hums under his breath and continues playing with the sweaty locks.
Castiel's back is more defined than he expected, just like his arms, chest, and stomach. He understands Castiel wears sweaters to hide his scars, but it's a shame they hide the rest of him too.
"Okay…" Dean let's go of Castiel's hand to run his own through his hair. It feels like there's suddenly an ocean of space between them, and Castiel is drowning in it. "What hurt most was him dropping me off there, I think. He broke so many promises that day, and he took my choices away
His expression is priceless as he stares at the blank walls and empty floor. He walks to the center and does a 360 before staring at Castiel like Castiel has lost his shit.
“Good boy. Just like that.” Sir pets his hair, and Castiel allows a small shiver to run up his spine. This is so… nice. Better than nice. He could do this all day long. Just hold him like this in his mouth. Castiel wonders if sir will ever let him do that. Maybe as a reward? Just sit in his office and keep his cock warm while he works?
Castiel takes a deep breath to keep from blowing up. He gets how his comment sounded and he needs to fix it before Dean gets upset.
“Well, it was just after my father’s death, and suddenly I was expected to go out in the real world and interact with people. Imagine my surprise when people want you to be polite and kind, instead of bark orders and make threats.” Castiel laughs softly, able to see it as amusing now that he’s in the headspace he’s in. “I was there to do business, thank god, so the guy I met up with understood. He told me I had to treat everyone ‘normal’ as I would a fellow Master. It blew my mind.”
"No no no. Don't you 'babe' me Dean Winchester! Even on damn house arrest, I still help! I do research for you guys when you hunt." Castiel folds his arms over his chest and tips his chin up indignantly. "And it's not my fault Einstein doesn't like you."
"I think I'm dead. This is my imagination." The wolf ignores me, too busy taking deep breaths against my skin. I can't help but laugh. "You're as bad as Castiel. Is that it? Am I dead and now living in a weird spiritual world where the guy I'm falling for is suddenly a fucking wolf?"
He also feels so unbelievably proud of Castiel for being brave enough to ask for the gloves. Now he just has to find a way to one day make him brave enough not to hide the scars at all. Hopefully, over time, Castiel will see that the people here - and the people at their house - won’t judge him.
“Nothing.” Dean takes a much longer pull from his beer this time. He doesn’t put the bottle down, instead keeping it gripped tight in his hand. “I cried myself to sleep that night.”
“You’re going to show me how sorry you are,” Dean explains as he grabs the prostate massager and sneaks it into the boy’s hole. He moves Castiel until one of his feet is right beneath his ass, acting as a stopper to keep the toy in place. He checks the sound. Then he rubs the boy’s hard cock for a few seconds just to enjoy the needy little moans the boy makes when the oversensitive member is massaged. He whimpers and tries to chase Dean’s hand when Dean stops. It’s extra funny, because he chases his hand in the wrong direction. “God you’re fucking pathetic. Suck my cock.”
It feels like centuries before the nurse finally comes out to let Castiel know Dean’s in the recovery room. If he was a less polite person, he’d bark at her to hurry the hell up as she leads him through the winding halls. She walks so slow she practically shuffles! By the time he sets eyes on Dean, Castiel’s heart is racing with fury and terror.
This gets Castiel’s attention. He tilts his chin so he can look at Dean, a question in his eyes. Dean waits for him to ask the question but he doesn’t. Just watches Dean expectantly. Dean doesn’t mind that. Many subs go non-verbal for a while after a scene. Whatever Castiel needs, Dean will support.
Castiel feels himself blushing again. He hates that Dean is above him, because there’s no way to hide here. All he can do is stare up at the man he’s pretty damn sure he loves and confess, “I’ve kissed a few guys.”
Dean tries. He does. But he can’t. He launches to his feet and starts pacing again. “What if I can’t do it? What if I can’t save him? What if I fail again?”
I like that a lot. I want to sit with him for hours, peeling back each individual layer, studying him, memorizing him.
Something dangerous flashes in his eyes. I feel it all the way to my bones. “No one is going to fucking touch you like that. Understood?”
All of this is why, when Dean finally takes his seat beside Castiel at the head of the table, Castiel has only managed to eat a few small bites. He can practically feel Dean's eyes lock onto his plate and hurries to stab a piece of chicken.
I stare down at the table, trying to soak this all in. “So, Michael and John were true mates… but Michael isn’t my dad?”
. Castiel teases me, calling me a hot chocolate addict. I tell him I’m not getting him a hot chocolate because he’s rude, though I do intend on actually buying him one anyway.
"Oh my god! Dean, what the fuck? Did this Castiel even get a say? Is he okay with this?" Dean locks his jaw and looks off at the mountains again. His little brother huffs an incredulous laugh. "Fucking hell, Dean. Fucking - you can't do this. This is a step away from sex slavery."
Dean stops him by shoving his knife into the man's gut and tugging upward, not caring as blood pours out over his own hand. The man stares at him with wide eyes, his mouth parted as he attempts to suck in a breath. "Shouldn't have said his name, fucker."
“Wait, where are we going?” Benny asks, stopping before them just before reaching the exit of the club. Charlie is nowhere in sight.
Thankfully, sir doesn’t make him wait long. “Lay down on your back, head on that pillow, feet here.”
Added a second chapter to this since so many wanted it <3 Thanks to all who loved this so much/requested it!!
“Sammy’s been in love with my best friend Gabe since the kid popped his first boner. He doesn’t get a say.”
“You’re all set for school but I told them you won’t be coming until Wednesday. I figured you could use a few days to settle in first.”
I want to ask what that means, but my muscles are beginning to feel weak and wobbly, and my stomach is cramping again.
I take the extra two minutes to make it back to my room and check on Dean, making sure he’s still peacefully asleep. Then I go downstairs to stockpile the rest of what I need. I’m already making a list in my head on how to fix up my room for our next heat. We’ll need a mini-fridge. A metal bucket for ice. Way more sets of sheets and blankets, because as it is I’m going to be doing laundry on a fucking loop to keep things fresh for my boy during this.
Tears sting Castiel's eyes at the humiliation. Surely sir cant be asking him to… to hump his leg. That’s - that’s how dogs get off.
Charlie sits straight up and points a finger at Castiel, a look of determination on her face. “This is it, my friend. Operation get Castiel laid. Ready for step one?”
Dean pours lube into his palm and begins to slowly stroke his cock with it, wanting to be dripping wet to help his boy feel the best he can. Castiel starts to reach out for him now that his hands are free but stops himself. Dean quickly helps him out by taking his right hand and bringing it to rest on his chest, right over Dean’s racing heart. It’s such a small thing, but it makes Castiel gasp.
“God, you’re cute.” I stare up at him in shock, not sure if I believe what I just heard. As Uncle Bobby made clear this morning, I’m apparently going crazy, imagining things that aren’t real. “Will you eat lunch with me today?”
I can't fucking deny him, even if I wanted to. I pump my cock once more and tilt forward to get my cum into his mouth. He moans and closes his mouth to swallow, too blissed out to worry about the rest of it. I move back and coat his stomach with the remainder of my release, my body going warm and relaxed as not only my need but his need as well fades.
“Mmmm.” He kisses my temple, then tilts my head so he can kiss down the other side of my neck. “Depends on your definition of productive.”
I put my hand on his thigh. He leans closer to me immediately, pressing his body against mine so hard I knock into Jack before I can gain my bearings. Little pulses of warm relief run through our thread, a soft sigh escaping Dean’s lips as he breathes me in.
"Wanna kiss me yet?" I tease, looking up at the sky instead of him like I could care less about his answer.
"You. Wha'ver y' w're doin'. Wan'ned to - to see." Castiel realizes he's slurring. He doesn't know why, and he also can't get it to stop. "Wan'ned see this side'o you."
," Dean says in exasperation as he watches Castiel toss cans of fancy feast into the shopping cart. It's been six months. Six months of Castiel saying there's a cat when there isn't. Him and Sam are past worried now. They're just annoyed. Cat food costs money. Especially fucking fancy feast.
Dean runs a hand through his hair, giving the locks a hard tug at the end. His mind churns as he looks at all the research spread out on his desk. "He has depression and anxiety."
Dean has no idea. He never questioned it. In the back of his mind, even as a kid himself, he knew he wanted kids. He knew he wanted a family. It never really occurred to him that he’d wind up with someone who didn’t want the same.
It sounds like it was meant to be passive aggressive but it failed. He just sounds worn out. Castiel wonders if he’s getting enough sleep. If he’s doing okay with his schoolwork. If his current foster home is still safe. “That’s good, about your friends. It’s good you have them.”
Shirt soaked, hands wrinkled, and forehead sweaty, Castiel wipes down the counters and floor - because they were not safe from the nozzle thing either - and decides to head upstairs to change. It only takes him three steps on the staircase to realize his mistake. He’s abandoning Dean without explaining where he’s headed. He turns around and heads to the living room, his heart breaking when he sees that Dean was craning his neck looking for him.
Green eyes study Castiel for a minute before Dean nods and smiles. “Charlie bring you to the french toast place like she planned?”
Smiling, Castiel walks forward until he’s right in front of me. His hand cups my face and I can’t help but sigh in relief and happiness and a little bit of ecstasy. “Do you trust me again?”
Part of him is wondering if this was a good idea. He told Castiel he wanted to drive separately, something he promised himself he would do. Dean has made himself a lot of promises regarding this new… well, whatever it is they’re going to try. The main one is he won’t be with Castiel alone unless it’s in public. That’s why he had picked a busy beach. That’s why he said he didn’t want to drive with him to the restaurant, even though that meant Dean had to get an Uber.
The man looks over at Dean, eyes locking onto him as he finishes fixing his collar. Dean is frozen. Unable to do a damn thing but stand there and stare at the first man in his life that he was unable to resist.
Dean turns the hose off and drops it. He yanks on the chains, and pulls at the knots of rope until Castiel is crashing unceremoniously to his knees at Dean’s feet, his arms still behind his head, his one leg still wrapped up with rope to stay bent.
"That's it. That's a good boy. I've got you, sweetheart," he says over and over again, using that tone of voice that leaves no room for doubt or worry. "I've got you, little omega. I've got you."
“Y-yeah.” Castiel begins to loosen the knot on his coat’s belt, the only thing keeping it closed. He blushes as he thinks of the way Benny had looked at him when helping him put it on. The man hadn’t hidden how turned on he was by Castiel in the red lace briefs. Castiel wonders if that’s how everyone will look at him here. Staring at him like a piece of meat.
"This isn't a fairytale," Castiel grumbles, looking out the window. They're leaving the city, which makes him uncomfortable. His father lives in the city. He had always assumed Dean did too. Castiel clenches his fists, digging his fingers into his palms as hard as he can. It helps, but not much. He closes his eyes and focuses on the throbs of pain.
Castiel clears his throat as Dean walks over to the fancy looking globe that stands beside the study desk. "Wishful thinking… I mean, I didn't even know if you'd ever come here… still don't know if you'll stay, but I just thought - I mean, he always brought you so much happiness and he - he's your safe place. If he ever wanted to visit you here, I wanted him to feel welcome."
Castiel won’t look at him. He’s staring at the sliding doors instead. At the ocean. The turbulent waves. It looks like it might storm.
For some reason, Dean smiles. Grins even. “Because you’re the same guy who, when Michael sent pledges to your dorm freshman year to recruit you - me included - literally yelled us out of the building, wagging your finger the entire time as you went on about the patriarchy and toxic masculinity.”
I chuckle, pressing a kiss to his temple. “Don’t worry about any of that, sweetheart. You just relax and let me handle everything.”
“You may look at me, pet. Only two rules right now, okay?” Castiel goes down on a knee and gently taps Dean’s thigh to get him to move. As he places the pillow in the place Dean had been kneeling, he explains, “You are to address me as ‘sir,’ and you are to stay kneeling until given permission otherwise. Okay?”
Then Dean stands back and clears his throat, looking at Castiel in the mirrors. Castiel looks right back. It's impossible not to.
"What?!?" Dean sits up and looks over at Sam, in need of some big brother backup. Except Sam is gone. Somewhere off in the distance yelling for Einstein. "I hate this cat."
"Did you like it?" sir asks, his voice husky. Low. He moves again, his soiled white shirt whispering against Castiel's front. Castiel whimpers. Sir grabs his throat, hand firm despite the slick fluids coating it. He squeezes beneath Castiel’s chin and uses the grip to tilt his head back until they're looking into each other's eyes. Sir is softly panting. His cock is impossibly hard where it digs into Castiel’s stomach. "I asked you a fucking question."
Dean stops his drifting thoughts before they can go any further, knowing he needs to be in the moment during this. His sole focus has to be on Castiel. It’s not a hard task. Not in the least. Especially with how beautiful the boy in front of him is.
"You think that little of me? You honestly believe I don't have a plan? And a plan to back up that plan? And five fucking more after that?" Dean scoops Castiel up in his arms to give the boy a break from having to stand leaning against him. Then he steps forward and looks his best friend in the eye. "And I don't have those plans just for him, Ben. I have them because you're all my family. I would never do something like what I did tonight if I wasn't fucking sure I can keep you all safe."
That same sick mixture of hating but loving this that Castiel experienced before is back, but he doesn’t have time to ponder it. He doesn’t have time to be confused. Not when sir starts to hit his ass so fast and hard Castiel is unable to keep track. By the time sir stops, Castiel has tears in his eyes and he’s panting. He won’t cry though. He’s too stubborn and he wants to earn back an orgasm.
I can’t help but smirk at him as I stay squatting with my face just inches from his hard cock poking out at me through his underwear. His cheeks, neck, and chest are flushed red, but this time it’s not out of embarrassment. There’s not a trace of that emotion here. This is Dean hot with arousal.
Looking surprised, Bobby gives me a curt nod and offers me his hand. I take it with trembling fingers and give him a proper shake.
“Right,” Castiel whispers, eyes still glued to the fucking machine. Dean’s pretty sure the boy doesn’t even know he said that out loud.
Castiel nods. He allows Dean to take him by the hand and walk him back to their suite. Back to their room. Back to their bed. He allows Dean to lay him down. To strip him free of clothing before stripping himself. Allows Dean to drape his body on top of his.
I walk away, trusting Jack because that’s what I’m supposed to do, dad said an alpha should always trust his lead beta’s judgement, especially during times where the alpha’s mind is clouded, and since Jack will be my lead beta when I take my dad’s place, I need to trust him. I
I nod, even though I’m not sure I can trust him anymore. He lied too. He let me come here, knowing there was a chance this would happen to me.
as he studies Castiel's outfit. His fingers flutter over his shoulders, smooth down his satin lapels, tug minutely at the pocket square. He turns Castiel, openly feeling his ass through the pants without a care to their audience. He thumbs at Castiel's hairline, murmuring, "You need a cut," in a way that Castiel doesn't think he's even expected to respond to.
“Not in the least.” Dean smiles, and Castiel can feel it against his skin. “But don’t get confused, Castiel. You will always belong to me. I might let people look. I might even let them touch. But you will always be
Why is it different with him? Is it just because he’s so good looking? Like out of this world sexy as hell? Is it because of dad’s death? Is it because -
The smirk Gabriel has on his face the next time Castiel looks at him makes Castiel wonder what would happen if he punched him. Just once. One quick punch.
I nod, holding my breath and calming my body. It reminds me of the moment in the clearing when I was faced with the wolf.
“No lube in here. No condoms.” Dean pulls back, giving Castiel a conflicted look of frustration. “Maybe we should wait.”
Dean’s feet don’t move. Something resembling a panicked alarm is flaring in his mind, telling him not to walk out of here and leave Castiel alone. The last time he let Castiel into that bathroom for a bath without being there to supervise, Castiel hurt himself. This morning, with his current headspace, that’s a possibility again.
together. My claws pop, cutting my palms, and my voice is growly and dangerous as I step up to Alastair, ignoring the idiot beta Azazel beside him. “What the fuck are you doing here?”
"Okay." Castiel brings the rag to Dean's stomach where his cum dried. His hand trembles. "But you can. Always. Don't ever forget that, Dean."
“No, you said it’d be a bad idea because you didn’t want to upset them. I don’t give a fuck if I upset them. Therefore, here I am, doing this.”
“I swear.” Dean drags his thumb along Castiel’s lip, lust flashing in his eyes. “What do you think of what I said so far? The standard rules?”
Since that doesn’t make Castiel’s guilt feel much better, he decides to just shove it away and hope when the rest of this drop stuff is taken care of the guilt will be gone too. Dean says it’s different for everyone but that Castiel should start feeling normal soon.
"Oh, sure. Of course. Long day." She smiles at them, her eyes warm. Castiel gets the feeling she's a mother figure for Dean, and he wonders what happened to Dean's real mom. "Don't worry about your places. I'll clear them. Go on."
“I’d like to fuck you then, with your body wrapped all pretty for me.” Dean squats in front of him, running the pad of his thumb along the lip he keeps nibbling on. He slides his thumb over the boy’s tongue when he opens his mouth for him. “I’d like to fuck you full of my cum and plug you so you spend the night full of me. Marked as mine.”
The mood shifts, Castiel going from soft and vulnerable to hard and furious in 3.5 seconds. “What?! Bed?”
"What's your safe word?" Castiel asks quietly, not wanting to yank Dean out of the bubble he's starting to float away in.
“What’s he like when he watches porn?” Dean asks, making it so Castiel goes from surprised to shocked.
When the two hot chocolates are put on the counter, I give the girl the money and tell her to keep the change. Then I grab the two Styrofoam cups and hurry off.
.” The man chuckles, the sound raspy and choked. "Gotta say, 'm sad 'm not gonna be there when the demons get 'im. They're gonna fuck 'im 'till nothin's left."
When Castiel doesn't say anything, not because he's upset but because he can't think of anything to say, sir takes a step back. His hands curl into fists. When he exhales, it shakes. "Are you afraid of me now?"
I back away from the men, making sure to keep my eyes on them, until last second when I reach my table with Dean.
Dean uses a wipe that smells like bleach on the man, ignoring his wrecked sobs as he cleans the area that was just injured. Then he takes his gloves off and sighs softly. Almost
“Wait!” Dean gasps, stumbling and nearly falling on his face when he tries to turn around to face me. He looks up at me with those big green eyes of his and begs, “Can I?”
Dean looks around the room again, positive there must be some sort of hidden camera TV show going on here. “Yeah.”
A switch goes off, visibly changing the man before him. Dean stands taller, his broad shoulders squaring. His chin lifts a notch. His eyes narrow. The loose smile on his face turns seductive.
Castiel places a hand on Dean's shoulder and begins stroking him there. It grounds the boy just as he hoped it would. "The only possible way to mess up is to come before the songs are over. Let yourself float, baby. Let your mind shut off. Your sole focus is to abstain from coming until the last song is over. I know you can do that, even floating. I know you can because you're my good strong boy. You'll be so good for me, won't you, Dean? Because you always are. So
When Dean manages to access Castiel’s cock, his warm hand wrapping around it and squeezing experimentally, Castiel’s final threads of control tear apart. He rolls to the side of the bed, stands up, grabs Dean, and drags him over until he’s lying on his back with his ass against the edge and his feet on the floor.
Castiel listens to the heavy pants of his breathing, the thud of his frantic heart, the rasp of his skin against concrete, the jingle of the chains. There’s no other sound.
“Green.” Castiel collapses against the pillow and starts chuckling to himself. “So fucking green, sir.”
“Agreed. We should make t-shirts.” Dean grabs his hand and tugs him towards the nearest staircase, walking as if he knows where the hell he’s going. Castiel doesn’t stop him. He doesn’t ask Dean if he wants help finding the kitchen. Dean will find it eventually. Until then, it seems that Castiel is happy to just be along for the ride.
It does something to Castiel. Something there are no words for. At least not in the moment. It’s as if a weight comes off of him. Not just his chest or his shoulders or his mind, but… everywhere. Everything stops being so fucking heavy.
"You act so sweet and innocent." Sir strokes him only a few times before pressing a second finger in. Castiel grunts, his hole fluttering as it tries to adjust. He has a feeling sir doesn't plan on prepping him well. It's going to hurt tonight. He moans. "You're not though, are you, little angel?"
“Not mine yet.” He leans down and runs his nose along mine. “Eventually, though. And I’m a patient guy.”
“That, I’m sorry to say, doesn’t have any cool or intimidating name. I call it a vibrator stool, but I don’t think that’s very official.” Castiel goes to the small dresser nearby and opens the top drawer, pulling out his favorite vibrating wand. He brings it over to the stool and kneels. When he slides the vibrator’s handle through the slit that cuts halfway through the stool from the edge to the center, Dean’s breath hitches. Even though Castiel thinks Dean’s already figured it out, he explains the rest. “You’ll be strapped down here with this against you. Forced to take the pleasure. It can be used with many vibrators, not just wands but ones that will be inserted into you as well.”
“My favorite color is purple.” Dean bites his bottom lip and blushes a little again. “But the color blue is… growing on me.”
His long pause is like a knife twisting in my gut. It's made even worse by his forced happy, nonchalant reply. "Of course. Totally fine. I'll still get it ready for you."
As they walk by each hunter, Dean takes time to stop and say hello. Castiel knows why he's doing it. Even though Dean and everyone else never acknowledges him, he understands that he's being noticed. He's caught more than one hunter staring at him when Dean is distracted. It's humiliating. He had thought that his saving grace would be that the engraved tag is too subtle to read from far away, but Dean fixed that by making sure every single person in the building saw his collar up close. There's no way any of them didn't see the
Castiel had been pretending to sleep when Dean got out of the shower last night, and Dean had respected it. He had no right to kiss Castiel. The boy was clearly upset, he was confused about his feelings and their situation, and instead of helping Dean fucking kissed him. Took advantage. Probably made things worse.
“Good. I like you in it.” Something dark flashes in Dean’s eyes as he stares at the strip of leather. “Maybe one day you’ll give me the privilege of putting it on you again. Maybe even a different one. A permanent one.”
"Hey you," Castiel whispers, making me startle. He chuckles fondly at my reaction. The sound catches and he pauses for a moment before releasing a sigh of relief. "You feel better."
"Does that feel good little bun?" Dean asks as his large, calloused fingers brush across Castiel's blush colored nipple again. The bunny boy gasps just like before, his little nose twitching and his ears perking as the sensations course through his lithe body.
Dean leans on the windowsill and takes in a deep breath, eyes closing as the salty air fills his senses. “It’s perfect.”
I've never had sex before. I never could. What human wouldn't freak out when I pop a fucking knot? Not exactly normal human cock behavior.
“Better watch yourself,” Dean warns in the exact same tone Castiel knows he uses when he says it. “I might fuck myself on your gag instead of your cock, and then you won’t get to come at all.”
Dean hums in agreement before pulling away and lightly blowing on the wet nub. As Castiel shivers through the new sensation, Dean moves on to the opposite nipple and gives it the same attention. By the time he’s finished and pulling away to smile at his boy, Castiel is humping the empty air and panting like he’s already getting fucked hard.
moments?” he teases. “Is my cute little pup going to share his spaghetti and meatballs? Maybe nudge the meatball over with his nose? Share a long noodle until we kiss?”
"I know." Dean slides his fingers into the gaps between Castiel's and squeezes his hand once. "Thank you for the room, Cas. I love it."
It takes a bit for them to agree on something since they wanted it to be a show neither of them had seen before. They watch at least a dozen trailers, adding a few shows to their watchlist but deciding they aren't in the mood for them right now. They finally decide on a show after a few minutes, though. Schitt’s Creek. Dean had heard Sam talk about it before, and the trailer looked decent, so they gave it a shot.
I blink a few times, trying to process his questions. Trying to comprehend what the fuck just happened in the past 5 minutes.
Castiel is then tugged off of the pedestal and into a dressing room with far more room than Castiel thinks is necessary. The tailor seems ten times kinder once they're in the space, the man dropping his professional demeanor and taking what seems to be his first deep breath since they met. He blushes as he meets Castiel’s eyes, then shakes his head. "I don't know how you spend so much time around him."
Uncle Bobby barely looks at the camera before bringing his eyes up to me. “Great picture, kiddo. Just stay out of the woods. Okay?”
He pulls back just before his lips brush against a spot on my neck where I know there's a freckle triangle. Castiel’s thumb plays connect-the-dots with them, pulling a high, needy sound out of me that I swear I've never made before.
Dean realizes this when they’re about six minutes into sprinting, but damn that voice is close, and he’s already blown his cover now. When he finds the girl that had been screaming, he drops to his knees with the intention of helping. Someone grabs him by the nape of his neck and yanks him back, though. When he looks up he sees it’s Castiel’s father. His glare is toxic as he spits, “All you're capable of is destruction. She needs an angel, not filth.”
“Would you keep it down?” Gabriel growls as he aggressively wipes up the whipped cream from the floor. “He needs his sleep.”
It warms Castiel until he feels like he might float away. The feeling only grows when his eyes lock with Dean’s.
His face burns at the memories alone. He can't believe he asked Dean if he could stay sir outside of the playroom. Dean had acted like it was maybe something he would like, he had even made a promise to Castiel that he would always care for him and protect him and make him happy, but he had also put the conversation off. Probably because Castiel was too fragile after a scene to be rejected right away.
In that moment, looking at the two best friends, Castiel is suddenly hit with the overwhelming realization that both would go murder whoever touched him if that was what happened. It should frighten him. Instead, it makes him feel fuzzy.
“You have the gene from your dad,” he says quietly. I can’t help but think it sounds like he’s apologizing. “Your dad was an omega here. He must have had the gene from his biological parents. It was activated, and he presented as a teenager. Like you’re about to present.”
It feels like the air is sucked out of the room. Dean almost sits up, Castiel sees the movements, but then he lowers himself again. “No one told me that.”
“I’ll explain. I’m going to explain everything. I know what this is, okay? So don’t be afraid. I know what this is. I know how to take care of you. All you have to do is trust me.”
Without ever really talking about it, Jimmy and Dean start to spend every night together. During the days, they hang out, sometimes being lazy and watching movies - because Jimmy somehow knows pop culture references but can’t for the life of him remember the Star Wars movies, and that’s just not okay with Dean, not at all - sometimes going out and adventuring. They kayak. Hike. Bike. They go to music in the park every Thursday. They do cooking lessons… at least for a little while. Jimmy is an awful cook. After he almost burns Dean’s house down,
Deciding there’s no harm in checking it out a little closer, Castiel stands behind it and starts to lower himself to the cool leather. His breath hitches as if Dean was doing this to him, placing Castiel on the thing before he does whatever it is he does to a submissive when on this particular piece of furniture.
“Oh.” I turn sideways to look at the person. He’s a guy about my age. Maybe a few years older. Wiry and gaunt. Creepy looking, if I'm being honest. “Hello.”
"Yeah, but there's a difference between dealing with a drop that my one-night stand is coping with versus
"This is the kitchen. Help yourself any time. Breakfast and dinner are always served. Both at 6 during the week, AM and PM respectively. Breakfast on Saturdays and Sundays is served at 8. If you would like, you are more than welcome to sit down with Ellen, our housekeeper, and cook, and make whatever changes to the grocery list and meal plans you find necessary. As long as you're not some vegan or whatever. That I might have to put a foot down for."
“This is Cas,” I hear Sam say from a distance. It takes effort, but once I manage to force myself to look away from Dean’s eyes, I come back to my senses.
I try to figure it out. To separate it. Before, we were distanced enough for it to be clear. Everything I felt was sharp and overwhelming. Everything he felt was dull and muted. Now it's all just a big jumble.
As Dean and Benny start talking with their faces close together, Charlie comes up to Castiel. She has his and Dean’s coat. He blushes, realizing that he was about to let Dean pull him out into the street wearing nothing but lace briefs.
"Huge difference." Dean cups Castiel's cheek. "They bothered me because it meant you were hurting. And they were clearly fresh enough where you would have had to do them here, under my roof, and it killed me that you needed to hurt yourself while I was here. That you didn't come to me. I'm not trying to make you feel guilty or anything. Just - you have to understand that I care about them, just not in the way you think I do. Okay?"
runs through me. It's the strangest thing, a reckless thing, but I listen to the tiny voice inside my mind. I let my guard down a little. Just an inch or two.
It takes about thirty seconds before Castiel sobs himself silent. He’s deflated on the bench, nearly melting straight through the leather. A pile of goo. Every few seconds he makes a little humming sound, but that’s it. Otherwise, he’s lying there. Breathing slowly.
"Gonna fill you," sir growls after a particularly brutal thrust that nails Castiel's prostate and makes him wail into his makeshift gag. "Gonna pump you full of a second load, then plug you back up."
When they bring the target back, Castiel sags. Only two bullets even hit the paper, one in the groin, the other in the shoulder. He pouts and looks at sir. “Hey, you got his penis. I’ll say this - that’d bring me down.”
“Not like it matters,” Azazel adds. “We have him now. Al had said he smelled an unmated male omega that’s nice and fresh and just begging to be bred, but I hadn’t believed him. I owe him 20 bucks. And he gets to fuck your omega first.”
Dean likes to torture himself. Clearly. That can be the only explanation for why he’s standing here in the middle of the city’s best fetish wear shop that he rented out for the next two hours, watching his fiancé and possible submissive try on outfits for him. God, is he so fucking beautiful though with his bright pink cheeks and tucked chin, looking up at Dean through his eyelashes whenever he wants to see if Dean approves or not.
“I’m sorry. That was my order. I didn’t want-” Dean stops, knowing he’s going to sound like a dick if he continues.
That's why Dean is shocked when he comes into the kitchen after his morning workout to find Castiel and Benny drinking coffee together. Ellen is cooking breakfast. Ash is passed out on the table - yes, fully on it, legs and arms sprawled.
“Yup!” Ash offers him a business card. On the front, it reads: Ash Security - Ash Saves Your Ass with his number and email below it. On the back, it reads: Ash Wedding Planner - Ash Delivers Class with his number and email below it.
“Um, well…” Dean scratches his head, unsure how to even explain something like that. He’s always just sort of known. “I mean, if you’re only getting a few items, you can get a basket because it’s easier to go through the store since you don’t have to push the huge ass cart. But if you’re getting too many things - or if the few things you’re getting are too heavy - then you need to get a cart, since they’re bigger and it’s easier to push heavy things than carry them.”
ships. It wasn't fair that he was going to die in one all alone. He curled into a ball on the couch, pulled the blanket over his head, and cried himself to sleep.
There was more hissing and Dean heard his name a few times. Then his master picked him up again and carried him into the ship. His master stopped in the cargo bay and tore into one of the boxes. He pulled out a bright green disk from the box and offered it to Dean.
No one spoke English. The most common language in the group was badly human-accented Ipix, which meant they could really only point and say a handful of half-words that were mostly nonsense. But touch didn't need words.
He reached the corner. Daven told him to strip. Castiel pulled his things off and set them aside in a heap. When he was done he looked up to find the baker equally naked and sitting on the edge of the cot.
"I'd wager to guess Sam Winchester is an alpha," Gabriel whispered back. "Or, at least, someone accused him of it and the priest decided it was true."
"I call her DeeDee." His grandmother added. She handed Hannah a large white basin and told Castiel's sisters to go out and see if the hens had laid any eggs.
He peered at his fingers in the near dark. There wasn't any blood, just a clear sticky fluid. It spread apart in strings when he opened and closed his hands. He grimaced;
He mixed it up and gave the bowl to Dean. Dean swallowed it down so fast Castiel was concerned about him choking. But as soon as Dean was done he started eyeing the tube of flavouring paste.
He looked at the purse; his bride price. If he had it the village would know that the Winchesters had admitted what they had done. Everyone would know that they'd lied. Everyone would know that Dean had run off instead of being mated. They'd know he wasn't a whore, that he hadn't bewitched and seduced John Winchester. He felt cold and sick. He turned icy eyes on Mary. The Winchesters didn't care about him. This wasn't an apology. This wasn't Mary Winchester admitting they were liars.
Dean drew back. He looked Castiel over. He trembled. "...do you...do you want to do it?" He flushed red again. "Have sex?"
He was very, very wrong. Real dragons were terrifying. It had a mouth full of teeth like a shark and bigger claws than his master's.
The sound of coins clicking together made him turn back. He watched Mary Winchester dropped three coins into a small heavy looking purse. He backed up towards the street. Whatever it was the Winchesters wanted him to do it wouldn't be worth it. They had already made him a whore, now they were probably trying to make him a thief too.
Dean glanced up. His master was sprawled in his chair in the corner. His dagger tail flicked at him. Dean sighed. He scooped up the last of his breakfast and licked his fingers clean— nobody ever gave pets spoons. He got up, shoved his bowl up onto the counter, and went to his master.
His grandmother had told him that as long as he wasn't in heat he couldn't conceive but the fear still lingered. What if he did this and nine months later they had another mouth to feed? Would it be worth not starving now if they starved later?
He wasn't so naïve to think that he was the only person who had ever thought of taking advantage of his pet. He had heard about those shady closed community boards where people discussed it. Had he stumbled into a secretive human-sex group? He shot a look towards the door and debated on making a hasty getaway.
And then you had me dragged through the village square as a whore. You don't get to be family." He picked up the wooden cup full of water from beside the bed and hurled it at Mary Winchester. "Now get out! And don't you ever come back here!"
Castiel paused; shirt half on. Evan was Kervin Fawkes' brother. Kervin was always more than happy to sneer sinner and siren and whore at him but he only ever saw Evan in passing.
"What for?" Anna asked, puzzled. Her eyebrows furrowed in concern when he didn't answer. Castiel could see it when she realized what he meant. She looked over her shoulder at the cupboard where the two loaves of bread sat. "But you already..."
His master led him on a winding path through the ship. Dean still hadn't managed to map it all out in his head. He knew how to get to the bathroom, the storage bays, and his master's bedroom. That was it.
He shuddered. What if it had bitten him? Through taking care of Dean's basic needs he knew human saliva wasn't inherently dangerous but Dean had bitten him once by accident and the bite had swollen up for hours after.
"And lured our dear honourable neighbour John Winchester into his clutches." The priest declared as if the entire village hadn't been whispering about it for months.
His master responded by looking him over and making a weird lizard face at him while hissing. His master clacked his claws twice then went to a cupboard across from the bed. He took out a pile of stuff that Dean didn't immediately recognize.
A second later he felt himself get lighter. The ship was syncing up with the gravity on another ship or a station.
Castiel hummed in surprise. Everything he had heard about humans said they were brazenly confident, almost to the point of self-destruction. That was why they were better companions for space. They didn't comprehend the dangers like some pets did.
An hour before he docked at the station he got a message from Uth asking that if he hadn't already bought the fake eggs could he make sure they were edible for Hflips?
The crowd murmured. Castiel watched a space suddenly appear around the Winchesters. The crowd was fickle.
be more what he'd want. They were from the same planets humans came from so they were hardy. They were a great deal more affectionate than a human but needed a great deal
He tried to twist away but that only got him tied down with the leash and collar. His master brought the toothbrush back up to his mouth. This time Dean refused to open up for him. He set his jaw and glared.
The wooden cock had been enough to tire him out for the night but the next day it didn't seem like enough.
Castiel's hands curled into fists. No matter what he said the priest was going to take that brand and burn it into his cheek. The priest had decided his guilt the moment John Winchester had opened his mouth. The village had decided his guilt the moment he'd been born.
It wasn't the weirdest thing his master had done and Dean doubted it would be the last weird thing his master did.
He tensed, getting ready to stand and follow Hannah and Anna outside, but his grandmother broke the silence.
A life unfolded before Castiel's eyes. Dean had come back. They'd be mated and married. No one would call him siren whore anymore. His grandmother would shame the whole village for what they'd done to him. The priest would beg forgiveness and
His master picked him up and tucked him in close to his bony chest. He hissed a few times then went silent.
"I think you deserve a treat." Castiel pet Dean's back. Dean chattered at him excitedly. Castiel snorted in amusement. Dean had learned the word
Daven pushed forward. Castiel gasped in pain as the hard cock speared his hole open. Daven kept pushing in. Castiel whimpered, it felt like his hole was tearing apart. It hadn't hurt like this when he had done it with Dean. It hadn't hurt at all.
Maybe he could teach them English. Or they could teach him whatever it was they spoke. They could swap stories for real this time, instead of a bunch of choppy three word sentences that was mostly hand gestures.
His master stopped and stared at a blue circle on the wall. His dagger tail flicked— not in an angry way but Dean still stepped away to avoid it. His master tapped the circle.
Castiel could feel the little puffs of air Dean was huffing out in nervous excitement. Castiel's skin prickled. He shivered as a curious feeling sparked up around his nipples and something fiery pooled between his legs. He tensed when he felt his cock starting to fill. He gasped softly when he felt Dean's cock against his stomach.
He almost sent his therapist a strongly worded letter for suggesting he get a pet in the first place and being the source of the entire ordeal but stopped when he realized he'd have to admit to having thoroughly thought out how to go about using his pet to masturbate.
“Now, what the hell is this?” Dean asks, pointing to another one of the things Castiel wasn’t sure if he should buy.
. I know you're not trying to hurt me. I know it's just how you feel. But… but it really hurts, and-" Dean's voice cracks and he pauses. Castiel watches as his chest rises and falls quickly. As his bottom lip wobbles. As his left knee bounces. He's close to an attack.
That leaves Dean with just over a month’s worth of rent in his account. Factor in the cost of groceries, utilities, gas, and other random expenses, and he’ll be in debt before the first month is even over.
With a wicked grin, Benny sits down in a chair - after picking up a midnight blue and deep purple mood board that was on it which he places on his lap for Castiel to be able to continue viewing - and announces, “I am so skipping my next meeting. This is going to be great.”
It takes all of Castiel’s self control not to rip those pretty panties off of Dean and pound his ass right then and there.
“No!” Castiel shouts through his gag, shaking his head furiously. No more pain. He’ll be selfish. He can totally be selfish. Dean doesn’t have to give him any more pain.
He grabs the red candle that’s now dripping with wax and walks over to the boy. He’s already begging breathlessly, “Please, sir, I’m sorry, please, I’ll try harder, give me one more chance, please, please, sir, please don’t-”
Blue eyes blink open, looking at him in relief. He takes a shaky breath and whispers, "Thank you, Dean. And I - I'm sorry for everything I said. This isn't just one prison traded for the other. That's what I was expecting, but now I know I was wrong.
He hears Castiel suck in a sharp breath. “You’re absolutely right. I’m sorry, Dean. I know they are. They are very important. I just meant the rumors and opinions. I mean, John clearly won’t support you, but what about Sam or Bobby?”
“It’s a torture tower.” When Dean snorts, Castiel puts his hand up and hurries to continue. “You lay on your back there on the pad - which can be moved up and down these poles so you can be brought closer and further away. Your ankles go in these two outer circles. Your wrists in the two inner ones.”
“He’s been dead seven years, Dean.” Castiel meets Dean’s gaze, his blue eyes drowning in self-hatred. “What was my excuse for those first five years?”
“Lauderdale,” the man says with a breathy laugh, cutting the end of Dean's sentence off.  He looks towards the ceiling fondly. “I haven’t been to Lauderdale since I was,” he pauses, lifting his eyebrows and shaking his head before looking down at Dean’s drink. “Must’a been 16.”
Dean adds to the point by grabbing the man's uninjured nipple with the pliers and twisting until the skin rips. After shrieking like a newborn, Tamiel half-gasps, half-sobs, "Sir! Yes, sir!"
“B-” Dean stops himself just in time, swallowing the noise. If Castiel hadn’t seen the way his lips had smacked he probably wouldn’t have noticed it.
"Not if you don't want to." Dean laughs. "I have two meetings tonight, so I won't be back in our wing until late. You'll have privacy, and I know it's been an extremely long day, so I thought perhaps you'd enjoy a hot bath first. But you are more than welcome to go straight to bed, Castiel. Or you could shower. Or anything else. Whatever you want."
“Right. Yes. That.” He starts to push back, fucking himself on my fingers. It’s so hot that I can’t even move. I just sit there like an idiot and watch in awe as his hole flutters around me. All I can picture is my cock in their place. It’d feel So. Fucking. Good. “Can we not until it’s time to get pregnant?”
The knife returns. Castiel makes every part of his body rigid, not wanting to accidentally hurt himself.
The Lieutenant is smiling again, nodding his head. That eases Jimmy’s anxiety a bit. “That could absolutely happen. Yes.”
The boy is starting to stir but his gaze is still far away. His mind is floating closer, but not close enough for Dean to tug at yet. The last thing he wants to do after their first time together is yank Castiel down into a drop.
“Yes. Of course.” Chuck gulps, and Dean almost laughs at him. This man was his father’s greatest enemy, at least until the head of The Demons murdered him. Dean had never met the head of The Angels before, but Dean’s father had always given the impression that Chuck Novak was a force to be reckoned with. Dean doesn’t see it.
“Safe,” I admit on a whisper, staring at him in a semi-trance as his fingertips brush along my skin.
Castiel looks guilty, but he keeps his gaze on Dean as Dean had requested. “When Sam and I met outside your home, when he had hugged me and thanked me for saving you - I asked him to take care of you. I told him you were going to need him more than ever.”
“Thanks for not dyin’ on me.” Dean’s gaze goes a little dark, his grip on Jimmy’s hand tightening. “It’s always so damn hard when they die on me…”
“Such a good bun for me,” Dean coos, pulling the boy off his cock again. “Does my good little bun want to be stuffed full now?”
After placing a kiss to Dean’s forehead, Castiel ventures out and asks, “When you moved last year, where did you go?”
Castiel’s eyes slide closed, but he doesn’t pull his hand away. “I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you,” Dean tells the cuts in above his wrist.
Castiel takes in a breath, trying to stave off a new wave of panic. Unfortunately, when he releases the breath, a choked sob accompanies it. All of his energy leaves him and he collapses to the floor. At least, he starts to. Dean scoops him up before he makes it there.
The brutal teasing doesn't stop until the bee documentary is over. Then sir is thankfully distracted by finding something else to watch.
.” Dean just hangs his head and closes his eyes. Benny continues. “Castiel trusted you with whatever his secret is. Don't break that trust by blowing up and panicking. You have to relax. Treat him normal. Don't let this change things."
like a wolf, at least. But it was fucking huge. Like, up to my chest, huge. I thought for sure it was going to kill me.”
Sitting down in the clearing, I put my bag on the ground with my camera safely tucked inside and lay back in the longer grass. Blades of green tickle my cheeks as I close my eyes and breathe.
Chuckling softly, he nuzzles my cheek before nipping at my jaw. “I’m sorry, sweetheart. I feel like an addict that got invited into a crack den.”
Castiel shakes his head despite Dean being unable to see it. “You go on. I’ll be here when you’re ready.”
“Not yet.” I point at my math. “I need to finish this first. I can read that tomorrow at lunch if I need to.”
I start moving on my hands and knees, ready to put my naked ass in the air to show how much I want this, how much I
When I catch the scent of Dean coming from the bathroom, his usually sweet smell darkened around the edges, I stop heading towards my classroom and duck into the bathroom instead. I can tell immediately that there’s no one else but him, so I lock the door behind myself and drop my bag.
That’s one thing he can say has changed these past two years. Dean Winchester has made him a very patient man. He’d wait forever for him.
Dean refuses to let it ruin the rest of their dance, trusting his team to handle things and returning his full attention to his beautiful boy. Castiel is oblivious to his father's arrival, still smiling up at Dean, cheeks flushed, blue eyes bright. Dean smiles back. He pulls the boy closer. He kisses the sensitive spot just below his ear. He whispers, "I love you."
You'd never believe Dean’s a ruthless killer and the best hunter when it comes to torture. Castiel Novak turns him into a pathetic puddle of goo. And he can't even get himself to hate that.
It’s just Dean, now. All Dean. I give into my wolf for a moment, bracing my hands against the counter on each side of his small body, leaning down to press my nose against his temple. The lone scent fills my nostrils for the first time since the store. Nothing in the way to hide behind. It’s a scent I’m already becoming addicted to.
“I - uh…” Dean takes a deep, shuddery breath. That’s not fair. It wasn’t the damn deal. He agreed to say that he was a good boy. He did not agree to providing examples.
“Green.” Castiel fidgets in his restraints, the lace covering his cock drenched with so much precum it’s two shades darker than the rest of the red fabric. Dean’s not sure if he’s ever seen a submissive stay this hard during a binding. Sure, they’ll usually stay aroused, but it’ll wane. Especially as they slip into subspace, something Castiel is surely doing at the moment.
A cool hand brushes Castiel’s sweat-soaked curls off his forehead. It feels good, so Castiel closes his eyes and relaxes against the toilet seat. A damp cloth is dabbed over his face, wiping away sweat, tears, and vomit.
The rest of the ride stretches in silence. It doesn't take long, but it's too far away for Castiel's comfort. Far away from his family. Friends. Home. Everything he has ever known.
them. And I’ve seen these last 2 years, and this last hour, that you are a man very capable of love.”
Dean looks down at him with an expression that’s impossible to read. He parts his lips, about to say something, when the pretty twink stares at Castiel like Castiel said something absolutely appalling. “How dare you speak to Mr. Winchester like that?”
The silence that follows is terrifying. Castiel wonders what he said wrong, panic welling up in his chest, but then sir whispers in a low, cracked voice, “Yes. Always.”
“You were asked a question, boy,” Dean growls into his ear before tugging harshly at the chain. “Answer or I’ll spank your ass red.”
He hums. “I am 100% on board with that plan. Suppose it’s too soon to see how the pills are helping mentally, hey?”
"Okay," Dean says as he walks up behind Castiel and wraps his arms around his waist. He presses a kiss to the back of Castiel’s neck. "Not yet."
He's left long enough for the drops of water on his body to stop rolling downward. Long enough for his skin to turn frigid. Long enough for his teeth to begin to chatter.
This time, it’s Castiel smirking. “Yes, Dean. I think you’ll be surprised at my pain tolerance. Though maybe you shouldn’t be.”
Castiel breaks the rules, reaching up with a hand and yanking the bow tie out of his mouth. Sir pauses mid-thrust, his eyes meeting Castiel’s in the mirror. “Put that-”
Uncle Bobby’s laugh is loud and booming. I stomp back to my bed and fall back on it, knowing he’ll come.
"Hold you?" When Castiel nods, Dean immediately wraps him up in his arms and pulls Castiel in close. He tucks Castiel's head beneath his chin and presses a kiss to his curls. "Go back to sleep, Cas. I'll be right here. I've got you."
My mind finally gets a strong enough grip on our thread, allowing me to wrap myself around it. I hold on with everything I have and barrel through the house, not caring that Bobby will bitch at me for my claws scraping the floors and the lamp my tail accidentally knocks down. I’m already going to be in trouble for the front door that I had knocked down upon entering anyway.
Now he is, though. He’s picturing his pretty little twink naked and caged, desperate after a week of his cock being deprived of touch. Castiel grinds down against him and grins. “I’ll take your cock trying to get inside me through our clothes as a sign that you’re considering it, and you’re liking it.”
Dean doesn't understand what he did, or how he can fix this, and having Sam here isn't giving him time to figure it out.
"I have no intention of taking him from you, sir," I tell him in a calm, even voice. I look him in the eyes. He looks back. "But if you make him choose between us, I'm not going to back down."
“I’m not sure yet,” Dean answers. “He hasn’t called me at all, or anyone else as far as I know, so nothing terrible could have happened. Or he didn’t call because he’s lying in a ball somewhere sobbing.”
"Really." Dean's smile is soft and warm, calming Castiel immediately. "Can you eat some more for me, Cas?"
“I just - so, you were there for all of it, then? When - when they forced me to bark? When they made me wag that tail plug? When they fucking kicked me?”
Their first kiss is 3 weeks after the night at the diner. Dean is in the middle of a passionate spiel about airplanes and how chunks of metal that size should not be up in the air, whether it’s physically possible or not, and Jimmy finds himself thinking,
Since Dean's still impossibly tight around him, Castiel grabs two fistfuls of rope and uses them as leverage as he begins rocking into him. It's adorably sexy how Dean tries to buck and squirm as he's penetrated, clearly impatient for more. Castiel can see angry red lines appearing on Dean's skin where he's desperately fighting the rope. Castiel chuckles darkly at the sight.
That pisses Dean off. "The fuck it is! I'm not having sex with him unless he's willing. I told him we can just be friends."
“It helps with the depression. I think. Honestly, though, that probably has more to do with me making my decision about you.”
Castiel jolts awake with a gasp. He has just enough time to roll his head forward before more vomit is being forced out of him. At this point, he’s too drained to sob anymore. Silent tears just leak down his cheeks as he empties a stomach that he had no idea was so full.
"I guess I just hate when you do it because it - it kinda feels like you're taking my power from me. Like you're saying I shouldn't be able to choose. Like I'm an idiot or something for being with you." Dean pulls away enough to look Castiel in the eye. "When you say those things, I feel like I'm right back on my dad's front lawn, you abandoning me all over again.”
“I’m not speaking of online classes.” Dean continues to stare at the wall. “I could get you a meeting at The Edlund Institute. I'm on boards with a lot of their faculty members, and the president is a close family friend.  I can't get you in, of course, but I can get you started. If you’re interested.”
"Shit, yeah. Lit major, right? Nerdy? Michael was pissed he couldn't change his mind. Said it made him look bad as president."
There’s a split-second moment when Dean worries he went too far. The concern is shattered when Castiel moans, his cock growing hard enough for it to push against the thin lace, trying to contain it. The purply-red head peeks out just above his waistband. Dean bets if he got closer he would find precum in the slit.
“I like you in here,” he says in a firm, dominating voice. He walks forward until he’s right in front of Castiel, cupping his face with both hands. Castiel’s breathing slows considerably, but he still won’t open his eyes. “Do you like it in here, Castiel?”
"N - not you two. Didn't like you two." Castiel closes his eyes, shivering as Dean brushes his hand ever so gently over his sweatpants covered cock.
“Maybe-” Castiel pauses and looks over to his left. At first I don’t know what he’s doing but then I hear the same thing he must have.
“Mmm. If you say so.” Sir chuckles. It's dark and knowing, and Dean feels a sob bubble in his throat. This is torture. Pure, beautiful torture. "Get me my drink, pet. Don't make me repeat myself again."
Bile rises in Dean’s throat as he stares at the third. He’s not sure if he’ll ever want to wear one again. He had hated them from the start, of course. They kept his rapists cum in him. They were usually used as punishments, him getting left plugged and caged without an orgasm if he wasn’t a good slut.
Castiel blinks a few times, the blurred words on the menu coming into focus. He white-knuckles it with both hands and tries to find something he can easily pronounce. “The filet mignon with the ravioli looks good.”
“You as well. I know the youngest male in our world is valued. Your offer is highly appreciated, Mr. Novak.”
“Sometimes, yes.” Castiel steadies himself. Prays Dean doesn’t leave. “They’re my favorite at play parties. I know that’s not what I should call them, but the closest equivalent of what we did at the compound as far as parties went was what the bdsm community would refer to as a play party. I’d be able to wheel you around and let anyone I want play with you or spank you.”
“Why?” Benny’s eyes scan the crowd, then fall on Castiel. If he didn’t look so intensely concerned, Castiel would be embarrassed about Benny looking at him in the briefs again, but Benny doesn’t seem to be focused on him at all. Not in that way at least. He’s looking at Castiel as if he’s searching for injuries. Then he steps forward and asks Dean in a growly, threatening voice, “Did someone touch him?”
“As many as you want, Castiel.” Dean leans across the coffee table and nudges a finger under Castiel’s chin so he’ll look up at him. Then he sits back and explains, “You could have a hundred hard limits and another hundred soft. You could have literally two things you’re comfortable with. I’d still respect that and want you just as much.”
I reach into my bag for my camera, needing to take a picture of it. The wolf perks when it sees the device and quickly turns away. I manage to snap a single photograph before my screen lights up to tell me I’m officially out of room on my memory card.
The two shrug off their jackets and remove their ties, rolling sleeves and undoing buttons. It's a warm day. Plus, they want to be comfortable. Especially Dean. This conversation will be hard enough as it is
“Shoppers and cleaners and all that shit. It’s excessive. If we’re going to be using that money, we’re going to be using it to survive. Not to act like spoiled brats.”
"The difference between bad people and good people is that bad people act on their thoughts instead of fighting or correcting them. You can't fight instinct. You can't keep the things ingrained in you from popping into your head. But what makes you different, what makes you
The wolf picture no longer exists this morning. I search the memory card twice while it's in my camera, then take it out and put it into my laptop to check it again. The pictures of the sunlight through the trees are there. The picture of the strangely colored squirrel. The pictures of the wildflowers. Of the clearing. Of a hummingbird hovering mid-air.
“Pet?” Castiel asks, and by the tone of his voice Dean thinks maybe he’s asked it more than once. When he speaks again, there’s a tinge of panic in his voice. “Dean?”
"Okay, okay. Shhhh. We're pulled over, Dean. We're-" Dean lurches out of the car just as he feels Castiel's fingers brush his shoulder. His knees hit the ground and he immediately vomits.
“Such a good boy for me,” sir whispers as he turns Castiel to face him and begins brushing his thumbs over his cheeks to collect his tears. “My good sweet boy.”
It doesn't help that Dean is late for dinner. Everyone else is talking and laughing as they stuff their faces with food, but Dean's nowhere to be found. No one has told Castiel why that is, either.
It takes a long time for Castiel to calm down. Even then, he’s not his usual self. He seems empty. Lost. Every time he tries to look at Dean, his eyes quickly skate off to the side right after.
Castiel’s lips part, but they’re interrupted by the waiter before he can say anything. The drinks are placed on the table and the waiter asks if they’re ready to order. Castiel looks to Dean, which makes Dean feel very independent and respected. It’s such a silly thing, but he doesn’t care.
Castiel slumps in his arms. Even though Dean can’t see him, he can tell he’s pouting. He’s pouting very hard.
Sensing the desire Dean has to submit, but also sensing that Dean’s too afraid to take the first step, Castiel helps the boy by stepping in. “Get yourself a glass of ice water and a plate, Dean.”
The warning now given, the question already asked, Dean focuses on his own pleasure. He grips Castiel's hips and begins to move, setting a brutal pace. Castiel makes the most beautiful sounds. Sounds he's never made before. Like he's broken, almost. Sexually broken.
“I felt… oh, god.” Castiel presses a hand to his forehead. He thinks maybe dying would be nice. Easier at least. “I felt loved. And that’s the end of that, alright? No more discussing that. The anticipation was nice too. Exhilarating, though scary because I didn’t know what was going to happen. And at the end, I felt floaty. Subspace or whatever. That was nice.”
Gabriel doesn’t even glance up when his brother slips into his room. He just continues to browse the porn site he’s on.
Castiel’s expression is calm, which is how I know he thinks this was a dream. Anyone else would be freaking out, asking me a flurry of panicked questions. Instead, he just tilts his head and waits for me to continue.
“I know what to do.” Michael stands tall. Proud. He looks his father in the eye and exudes confidence, knowing his father won’t appreciate any sign of weakness or doubt in the moment. “I’ll make it foolproof. I’ll use my own sword.”
I clamp down on my bottom lip to keep from making noise as I fall into a fit of tears. This is going to be my life now. I’m going to be called a whore. Called “it”. I’m something they'll “come water and feed” like a farm animal. And they’re going to rape me, and it’s not even going to be considered rape, because that’s just… my life now.
“There is no possible way you can mess up tonight, because I will be in charge. You have two jobs. Obey me, and enjoy yourself.” Dean places his thumb on Castiel’s bottom lip and runs the pad across it. “If at any time you want to take back your control, say the word red. Understood?”
Castiel rips his attention away from where he was accidentally staring at Dean. He realizes everyone has full plates, whereas his is still empty. The source of the question is Ellen, who is smiling expectantly at him. A little of his confidence wanes as he realizes everyone is staring at him.
When he reaches the small table that has spiked shit all over it, Dean walks to the door. He grips the doorframe tight enough to make his hand tingle and forces himself to meet Castiel’s eye. The man is trembling. His hair is a mess, and his eyes red.
“I - you too.” Something starts to buzz in my fingertips. It travels up my arms and across my chest. Down my spine to my toes. I shiver from it, pressing in closer to him until our foreheads are pressed together like at the party.
"I'm okay, I promise," Castiel hurries to say. The last thing he wants is to be put on lockdown again. “I just got distracted. I’m feeling good today, actually.”
He turns away from the chest without closing it, unable to look at it another second. His eyes dart around. They take in a row of paddles hanging on hooks against the wall. They take in a rack of different colored and textured bondage rope. Take in another rack of bondage cuffs and chains. Take in a portable fucking machine. Another spanking bench, this one thinner and not padded, a steel ring coming up to collar the neck in place and a fucking machine built into the back of it. Nipple clamps. Spreader bars. A medieval dark walnut stock. A seven-foot table with a wooden base and a padded top, all of which match the same colors as the other furniture of course. Two different humblers - both of which Dean glares at with hatred.
Castiel hopes that’s true because even if he didn’t ruin things, he definitely put them on hold, and he hates that. He may have been nervous this morning, overthinking and doubting everything, but he had been excited too. Now, who knows when Dean will let them do anything like last night again, let alone a 24/7 dynamic? Castiel needs to get things moving.
Castiel takes the bottom of Dean's cock in a punishing grip to stave off the orgasm he's clearly struggling to fight. The boy sobs something, though it doesn't resemble enough of any sort of word that Castiel can really interpret it.
All the lights are off except for a lamp beside the bed. The sight he finds melts his heart. Castiel is asleep on top of the covers, wearing a pair of Dean’s sweatpants, and one of Dean’s old football shirts from high school that’s way too small for Dean now, but still drowns Castiel. He’d love to see the boy in something Dean fits in currently,  since he's grown so much. Castiel would look fucking adorable.
the bdsm club. Did Dean change his mind? Does he not want to start tonight? Or ever? What did Castiel do wrong? Was he too horny watching that submissive? Was it the thing with Alistair? Did Dean realize Castiel isn’t enough? Did Castiel-
“I think I know.” Dean palms him through his pants before squeezing him hard. It makes Castiel’s eyes fly open in shock. He’s immediately met with the sight of Dean looking at him in his favorite way - like he’s a meal and Dean’s planning to devour him. “I think you love it and you hate it, and I think you fucking love that you hate it.”
“Please,” he whispers, not looking at either of us as he holds his books tight to his chest. “Leave me alone.”
Castiel moans at the thought, even as his belly fills with an acidic threat of fear. He starts to count in his head. If it gets too long, he’ll say yellow. Surely sir is watching him somehow. Listening to him. He’s the one who promised the bluetooth when Castiel had mentioned being nervous about being in the playroom alone.
“You and your family are always fucking gone, Novak. Who cares?” He turns away from me, focusing back on Dean even though Dean’s eyes are locked on me. “Ignore him. He’s being an ass. Are you okay?”
So, that's what they do. Though it's not fucking. It's too gentle for that. Soft. Lazy. Slow. Sometimes they stop moving altogether, just gazing into each other's eyes or kissing each other breathless.
For the final hitch, Dean presses the lark’s heads together and runs a loop of rope up. He parts the strands and passes them over each of Castiel’s shoulders. Before making the final knot, bringing the two ends together and securing them to the knot at Castiel’s sternum, Dean says quietly, “Breathe in, as much as you can. Expand your chest.”
This makes them laugh at least. Charlie waves a hand, “We’re harder to scare off than the silly boys.”
“Kid, I probably knew before you did,” he grumbles with an eye roll. “You’re forgetting who bought you your first Justin Bieber poster for your bedroom wall.”
Dean laughs, relief blooming in his chest at how quickly they’ve eased back into how they were before the compound came up. “Okay, laundry will be mine. No problem.”
Castiel spits the fabric out and follows it with a desperate string of, “Sorry, sir! Sorry, sorry, sorry, sir! I’ll listen. I’ll be so go-”
“Sure am. But you’re looking at a nice, clean bullet to the head, or me stabbing you and letting you hang like this, bleeding out like a stuck pig.” Dean walks up to the man and presses his hand against his stomach. He digs his nails in until the man is writhing and screaming, drops of blood pooling in the dents as he pulls it away. “It’s a simple question. Why did you want Garth?”
"Come here, sweetheart," I coo, turning us easily so he's beneath me. He immediately lifts his legs and wraps them around my waist, rubbing his leaking hole against my crotch. I breathe through the new rush of arousal before making a mental note to tug some sweatpants on next time I get up.
“No, Castiel. I am an extremely wealthy man with a plethora of people working for me. Convenience is never something I have an issue with. Trust me. I could have a sub waiting for me every day after work if I wanted to. All I’d have to do is talk to them on the app, then give Benny the necessary information. So, no. Convenience isn’t why you’re my ideal solution.”
Dean’s back arches and he shudders, a wrecked noise falling from his lips as his subtle scent in the room explodes into something heady and thick. I already know why, but I check anyway, running my hand back down his side and to his ass cheeks. He turns his face away from my lips to bury it into his pillow as my fingers brush the damp fabric of his boxers.
Probably aware of my emotions, Bobby waits a few more seconds before continuing. “You’ll have to talk to your dad about what happened. I’ll be honest, I never gave him a chance to explain. I didn’t care. He promised to keep John safe, and he failed. That’s all that mattered to me.”
That’s all Gabriel needs. “Fine. But I’m stopping on the way for coffee and donuts, and I’m getting myself extra donuts, and you don’t get to bitch about it.”
Having no idea that’s what he was thinking all this time, my stomach churns in guilt. “God, no. You smelled-” there isn’t a word to describe it, not without sounding crazy, so I settle with, “Amazing.”
“Of course.” Castiel gives him a smile that he hopes is comforting, and loving, and understanding, and all of the other things he wants to be for Dean. “Dean, we never even have to use this room if you’d like. We can take things out of here from time to time if there’s certain things you like and bring them to the bedroom. Or we can buy new things just for the bedroom. Or we can be completely vanilla, it’s-” the loud snort Dean gives him in response cuts him off mid-sentence.
Benny bumps him with his shoulder, giving him an encouraging smile. “It’s the first night. Things will get better. I have a good feeling about this.”
Cain raises an eyebrow in challenge, daring Dean to go do it. Just to prove his best friend wrong, Dean pushes off the wall and heads towards Meg. He takes her by the hand and pulls her along until they find a dark corner. Then he's pressing up against her, wrapping his lips around hers, and it's wrong. She's wrong. Everything… everything is so
At least the night has been uphill from there. Alistair’s comments had stirred some more curiosity in Castiel, which was a relief. Then Connor had come up and tried propositioning Dean into taking him into one of the stalls for a scene, and Castiel had fucking attacked him. It was shocking and amusing. Dean knew his boy had a bite to him, he and Castiel have gone at it plenty of times for him to learn that, but it still had amazed him.
Dean hits him again, but this time he doesn't stop at just one. Keeping the flicks light, he goes up and down, steadily thrashing at the boy’s pretty white skin, enjoying the slow rise of color the cane brings out in the flesh. First light pink. Then deep pink. Then red.
Probably able to understand that Dean needs a moment of seriousness, Castiel pulls away enough to look him in the eyes.
I've seen those eyes in a different face before, and when I look directly into them now, I get the same feeling I always have. That warm sensation that crawls its way along my body until it's settled into my bones.
Castiel whines, arching his back so sir can sink in even deeper. It makes his sir groan. He grin’s against sir’s palm, loving that sound. Loving the ways he can affect this big, strong man who owns him and takes care of him. Loving the way he can
There’s a long stretch of silence before Dean turns and walks away without saying a word. He comes back with something that makes Castiel sit straight up and shake his head. “Fuck no. Dean-”
Castiel cracks his eyes open when he feels the bed shift. He props himself up on his elbows and watches Dean slide off the bed and grab his discarded shirt off the floor. “What are you doing?”
Uncle Bobby comes forward but Castiel snaps a hand out and stops him. A low, dangerous rumble fills the room as Castiel’s eyes flash a neon blue. His voice is more growl than anything as he says to Uncle Bobby, "Do not go near my omega."
Of course, since he's losing his touch and becoming a damn softie, Castiel has to remind himself of this multiple times as he fucks his fist and scolds and teases Dean. It's hard not to hate every sob or whimper that makes it through the underwear and into the speaker of Dean's phone.
“Oh. Well… that’s great. That’s good, Dean. I know it takes a while to control them. It took Gabe two years before he had all his angel stuff under control.”
Jimmy talking about himself is much more difficult, but he tries. He tells Dean his records show that he has no living family, but he thinks maybe he had brothers at one point, because in the back of his mind he has this foggy, distant memory of feeling too young and too confused as he watched his older brother’s fighting in front of him. Jimmy tells Dean he thinks if he did have brothers, that their relationships were complicated. He likes to believe that he loved them, though.
Dean blinks his eyes open slowly before frowning up at Castiel. As awareness returns, his frown turns into panic. "Are you okay? Where is he? Call the cops!"
. Dean Winchester is sex on a god damn stick. He’s wearing low-hanging shorts and a ‘kiss the cook’ apron with no shirt beneath. Tattoos swirl around his skin, covering one leg, his left arm, his left shoulder and pec, his back, his right shoulder, his right arm, and his right ribcage. The ink brings his muscles out in high definition.
He looks down at his sweater, which he stole from Castiel’s dirty laundry basket when he woke up, wanting to smell like his boyfriend. He’s still in his boxer briefs. There’s a scratch on his left thigh where he had scraped himself with his nail in the rush to get undressed last night.
"I… uh," Castiel pauses to clear his throat. He hopes Dean can't see how hard his hand is shaking as Castiel offers Dean the key to his room. "Here ya go."
Castiel moans, nodding the best he can as his face gets fucked, and Dean loses it. He pushes in deep and spills down the boy's throat until he's emptied.
“I don’t not like it, I’ve just never tried it I guess.” I shrug, unable to stop myself from blushing as I realize the entire table is now staring at me like I’m an alien. “Is that weird?”
again. That I'll hand you this power back." Castiel cradles his cheek, but Dean doesn't react to the touch as he continues to stare wide-eyed at Castiel. "When the sun comes up, you'll be Dean and I'll be Cas, okay? We'll take it one day at a time. Together."
