“Because,” John leaned in. “This ship is involved in treacherous business. If anyone in England, or Europe for that matter, heard that it exists, your own lives could be placed in jeopardy. The owners of the ship that destroyed the
“I have to go, but I’ll be back in a bit, okay?” John looked rueful and more than a little awkward now. Likely due to Sherlock’s reaction—or lack thereof—to his question.
“Hi,” Sherlock says, internally cursing at how soft and uncertain his voice comes out. He certainly had not been expecting
Yet still speak under covers all night
“Where is the doctor?” John called. He did not care who helped him, not as James stood there, wounded and without a crew or ship for the second time in his life. So he lifted his head and met Sherlock’s eyes. “I don’t know that he can get below on his own,” he said.
Several of the pirates groaned. Irene turned a stern gaze on him.
Two gleaming rings sat nestled inside. Sherlock pulled the larger one out and examined it.
Greg shook his head. “There’s still no proof. And we’ll probably never know.”
Sherlock cocks an eyebrow. “I don’t have
“Ah, Lieutenant Watson,” Sherlock said, his gaze landing on John, a twinkle appearing in those distractingly lovely eyes. “Joining the realm of the amoral pirates, are you?”
But then, an instant later, he thought —
And when he'd opened his eyes, it somehow felt like a new chapter of their life had started.
“You too,” John replied, some of the icy hurt dissipating at the sight of evidence that despite their last conversation, Sherlock might hate this just as much as he did.
“And as for faking your death,” John continued, shaking off the memory, “your heart was in the right place.”
“Do you bring in drafts for the students to look at?” Sherlock asks, a glint in his eyes. John can see the eagerness there.
jolted and rocked under them, tipping precariously on one end as it slipped on an inexorable path, into the depths.
That night, after the flat was dark and quiet, Rosie with Molly for the night, Sherlock knelt in front of the fireplace. His ring twinkled as he struck a match and lit the wood. Crackling light illuminated the sitting room, making his eyes gleam with happiness.
He inclines his head. “The one and only. Well, you know, not really. There’s probably a hundred of us out there.”
“Well... we’ve been together for two months now, and yet…” he shrugs. “I don’t know much about you. You know, the real stuff.”
Eventually, he leaned against the railing and sighed. He glanced back. Beyond the helm where the midshipman was standing, past the stern, and out across the water, the unknown ship still followed. John pulled out his telescope and peered through it. A fog was rolling in, and the realization sent a chill through his veins. If the fog obscured the ship tailing them, the crew of the
“Oh, is that the distinguishing factor? People who date are mushy?” Sherlock grinned. They’d settled on telling Rosie they date, as neither had been particularly enamoured of the term “boyfriend.”
Sherlock knows of him, but only vaguely. Apparently, he’s the author of a series of horror novels, and the head of a company called Rich Brook Publishing. Sherlock wouldn’t have had any idea who he was were it not for John.
“And a day,” Sherlock smirked. Rosie had been telling them this all day.
"Thanks," he kissed the top of Sherlock's head.
John turns to her. “Sure, what’s on your mind?”
John felt Sherlock stiffen next to him. “You know her name?”
Sherlock emits a funny noise, something between a squeak and a groan. John ignores him, though, not seeing the harm in explaining. “We met at a book signing. You know of the Sherrinford and Sacker books?”
The next afternoon, the
Ah yes, it was February, John remembered. A few days ago, Rosie had brought home a form to fill out concerning her food allergies, in preparation for a small Valentine’s celebration.
Of course, the teaching methods of even a brilliant man like Holmes only worked
“You really care,” he marveled. “About my wounded men.”
"Lestrade."
The fireplace flickers with the light of happiness.
Lestrade would likely have access to information, surveillance, and databases that Sherlock didn’t, but… he hesitated to bring it to anyone’s attention. He’d promised himself he could deal with this, and besides, there were no solid threats. If Sebastian was planning something, Sherlock couldn’t deduce through his texts what it is. So he felt there wasn’t much to bring to Lestrade even if he wanted to.
—Moriarty crowed, triumphant and gleeful, his eyes gleaming with giddy malice. “Here is your last chance. Join me, and all this need not happen.”
His thumbs flew across the screen, lightning quick, as he formed a text back.
“Wait,” John called. “You’ve attacked my ship, are keeping me trapped on yours, and you won’t even tell me your name?”
John lifted his gaze again, back toward the horizon. Just another hour or so, he hoped. And then they could end this at last.
Later, John stares at the ceiling, calmer but still reeling from the news. Sherlock rolls over and onto John, resting his chin on his arms.
Sherlock signed something back, frowning. Ekene nodded, then took his leave. John watched him go, at a loss for what had just happened.
“You know, Janine,” Mike said. “We probably need to go too. We have lit class in five.”
John hesitated for another second, and then Sherlock spoke again. “Please, John.”
“I just…” John comes to a halt a few feet from him. He takes a deep breath. “Do you want to… erm… I mean, I was wondering if… If you maybe wanted… to go for a coffee with me? After my signing finishes, I mean? I’ve got a bit of time still, but… If you’re free after…”
Mike suggested perhaps Holmes had been locked out of classrooms many times, and so had learned to pick locks in a fit of irritation. Everyone shut that down without hesitation, opting for something more exciting.
Sherlock swallowed. They studied each other for several long moments, until the silence stretched between them for miles, cloying and intense. When Sherlock at last resumed speaking, his voice was lower and softer than it had been the entire argument.
And perhaps she shouldn’t have, but now John can’t stop thinking about it. It’s been something that occurred to him a while back, but he wasn’t sure how to broach the subject with Sherlock. Yet, he knows he should.
John’s chuckle reverberates through Sherlock’s ribcage. “Shakespeare, for one.”
“Fine. Sorry, I know I’m meant to be staying in touch with you—”
“Where have you
“No, but he clearly adores you. I’ve never seen him look like that before, and I knew him when we were young and full of emotions. Back then, he always pushed them back, hid away from them in favor of logic. But with you, he lets them out. He seems… happy.”
Sherlock felt his hands start to shake, just a bit. He
“What makes you think that?”
“Oh?” John’s eyebrows raise, and he sits up. “What do you mean?”
John crossed her arms. “How much? Half rations as ordered, right?”
Still, somehow, Sherlock cannot help but feel surprised at being singled out like this. He moves forward. “Me?” The question is out before he can stop himself.
“I have recently learned, from eyewitness reports from my contacts in ports all over the world, that the NOTP leadership and the crew of the
, Sherlock tried to say. But what came out was nothing more than a pathetic, waterlogged heave.
“I was worried,” Sherlock said, and the admission sounded as though it tasted of acid on the pirate's tongue. “I feared that in the intervening time you had decided you didn't want this life after all. You came to be on my ship by happenstance and misfortune. Had you come on board willingly, I might have thought differently of finding you again, but as it stands…” he ran his fingers through his hair. “As it stands I essentially kidnapped you. You were not on the
Her fingers trembled as she unlocked her phone and found Greg's contact.
John laughed, fingers gently stroking a curl at the base of Sherlock's neck. "Come on, you, let's go."
trying to impress Sherlock. Interesting.
John tries to sleep, but ends up tossing and turning fitfully. It’s maybe ten minutes before he realizes something — he’s freezing.
His legs protesting, he forced himself upright. He seized his coat off the back of a chair as he staggered across the room.
“Okay,” John inclines his head. “You’re probably right. But don’t forget that poem, yeah?”
“I know it’s stupid and amateur, but I’m not used to form poetry, even the sort that doesn’t rhyme. As for that, I didn’t feel able to do all this syllable nonsense
“I know,” he says when John pulls back.
Yet the touch leaves us aching for more
“It’s Lestrade,” he sighed, shoulders sagging. “He’s asking me to come fill out some paperwork from the case…” He looked up at John. “Oh, yeah, by the way I took a case yesterday. So.”
Sherlock frowned. “What, when I got stabbed?” Oh, it hurt to talk. He winced, trying to clear his throat, and the man handed him a cup of water.
Sherlock typed back.
But were they so bad? He had seen nothing but a happy, hard-working crew. There were no signs of mistreatment of the women, no indication of any crime being done. And Sherlock… he was another mystery entirely.
"Or, perhaps a heartfelt card," John teased. " 'Dearest Sherlock...' "
Sherlock reached for his wine glass and downed half of it in one go. “You’ll see in a moment. Though I can’t promise it will be any good.”
The way he said it — cautious, earnest, and so damn vulnerable — nearly brought tears to John’s eyes. He blinked and managed to stop them just in time, and instead leaned forward so he could whisper his reply right into Sherlock’s mouth, as if in doing so, his words might reach Sherlock’s soul.
and cocked brow, so the voice continued. “Where are we headed?”
One morning, when the sun began to stream through the porthole, John at last mustered the strength to sit up. He winced. The wound in his shoulder, though it could be much worse, much closer to his heart, still sent fiery pain through his arm. Still, it was more manageable than it had been for hours.
Of course, any composure Sherlock manages to muster in the next thirty seconds promptly vacates the premises when John reenters the room. The writer has changed out of his clothes into the deep blue flannel pyjamas bottoms that Sherlock especially likes — they hug John’s curves in a pleasing way. And the fact that he is shirtless helps, too.
“And how do you propose I see one? Unless you’ve got a surgeon hidden below-decks I’m unaware of.” He stood next to the man, arms just brushing, the warmth making him shudder.
Sherlock had frozen. His heart hammered against his ribcage. Could John be about to say…?
“Yeah, it's about time,” Janine said. “I've suspected for ages.”
, which had at last caught a favourable wind, were happy. John could almost see himself making a home here, thanks in no small part to the pirate who now occupied his bed and thoughts.
As Watson slid his book into bag, his phone vibrated on the desk. Greg glanced down at it out of instinct, and almost walked straight into Molly ahead of him.
“Daddy, do you love Papa Sherlock?” She didn’t look up from her colouring sheet as she spoke, but across the sitting room, Sherlock’s head whipped up from his laptop. Not at the title, which Rosie had bestowed on him months ago — fluctuating between “Papa,” “Sherlock,” and “Papa Sherlock” at random — but at the question.
He did not allow himself to hesitate. He simply moved forward into Sherlock’s space, slipped his hand to the back of the pirate’s neck, and tugged him down. Their lips met in a hungry kiss, a little uncoordinated and messy, their noses bumping and tongues tangling without finesse. Sherlock let out a small gasp of surprise but kissed back without hesitation, his hands reaching out to grasp whatever parts of John he could reach.
He meets John’s gaze again. “I’m good,” John says. “You like nice.”
Sherlock started and turned. “Lieutenant,” he murmured.
John grins and moves again, turning to the side a bit and propping his head up on his elbow, which he places on the back of the sofa. “Yeah? I like obviously good. Go on.”
you… But if he
—where the drink had been spilled, turning the new wood red. Trumpeters played on the poop deck, and revelers laughed and sang and shouted.
. Had they limited their passive aggressive behaviour to just me, I wouldn't have minded.”
Sherlock’s grip on the wheel made his knuckles stand out white against the dark wood. His hair was plastered to his face, and his teeth were set in a snarl as he fought against all of nature to maintain control of his ship. Surrounded by thunder and lightning, stance tall and intent, he looked so alive.
“There’s
He couldn’t decide which was hurting him most, the worry and fear Sebastian was causing him or the loneliness and sadness John was.
Everyone snickered, though their laughter turned to cheers when John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s.
John blinked in surprise at the non sequitur. “Erm…”
“Not exactly,” another voice said.
One night, after a relatively quiet day from Sebastian, Sherlock was sprawled on the floor of their flat, examining a diagram in one of his textbooks when John abruptly bounded through the door.
He brushed through the group, pulling a few thin strips of metal from a small case in his back pocket. Greg realized, when Holmes slipped them into the keyhole, that they were lockpicks. What was a chemistry professor doing with those?
They hang up, and Sherlock retreats into the bedroom after turning off his laptop. He changes into pyjamas and crawls under the covers, missing the warmth John emanates when they spend the night together. He doesn’t plan on sleeping much, but he thinks if he at least tries, the time they are apart might pass quicker.
“Dutch merchants,” Irene yelled. “Looks to have had the same idea we did.”
? That was a Navy ship. If your only interest is the Programme’s ships, why attack us?”
Sherlock paused, heart sinking in disappointment. But he pointed across the room, where the book sat on the shelf, shoved in among John’s pile of horrible mystery paperbacks. John spotted it and dashed over.
“Sure I did. After all, it’s my fault your old one broke.” He nods at the bag at Sherlock’s feet. “What with you carrying my entire collected works in it and all.”
“Are you alright?” John asked, startled. He helped Sherlock sit on the edge of the bed. “Sherlock?”
“Hey,” a familiar voice said.
“I can’t believe she’s ten.”
Sherlock scowls. He has been hearing Moriarty’s name with increasing frequency the past few months, ever since the Ellipsis Literary Award nominees were announced. Having met the man once in person, Sherlock doesn’t relish the idea that he could gain power over talented but naive writers.
“I only wanted to see how
John nudges him. “Oi, you’re the one who came out here in the first place!”
Sherlock edges closer to John on the sofa, taking a breath. He’s been considering this for days, and now the moment is here.
After several minutes of perusing these old notes, Sherlock hears John’s footsteps approaching. The writer joins him at the table, leaning his hip against it.
Watson pulled up his email and opened her attachment. The next few minutes, he read, pausing now and then to question her about something or to comment on a point she could elaborate on further. Overall, his feedback was positive, and Molly felt her stress fade with every word he said.
“John,” he breathed. “I think I’m falling for you too.”
“Only for a while,” Sherlock admits quietly when he reaches the table, and John laughs.
John tilts his head. “Yeah, what about it?”
“Yet!”
And it may have been a sentimental admission, but Sherlock could not bring himself to care. Not when John, his hair glowing gold and his sapphire eyes sparkling vivid in the early morning light, looked at him with such delight and tenderness. No, Sherlock didn’t balk at the sentiment at all. Not this time.
But he suspected with increasing resolve that this was not that life.
“Of course.” He stared at the man a moment longer, then forced himself to break his gaze. He turned back to the ocean, hand coming unconsciously up to touch his bandaged shoulder, and winced.
Yet that was not the Sherlock he knew. Sherlock Holmes was a man with an extraordinary mind, an ability to see and deduce things about people beyond John’s wildest imaginings, and a fierce determination to correct injustices in the world. He often put on a cold, unfeeling facade, but it was just that: a facade. After all, John had watched him dash to the aid of a wounded crew member. John had watched him treat her with compassion, even affection, tending to her wound and stroking her hair through the pain. John had watched him mete out punishment but still stop short of inflicting physical violence. And John had heard his story, of loss and pain, and seen the earnest hidden emotion behind his words.
Irene’s sword flashed in the sunlight as, again and again, she moved to attack. And again and again, John struggled to keep her at bay. Time passed, though John was not sure how long. His shoulder protested, aching more with each blocked hit. Sweat dripped down his forehead.
He has not, sadly, counted on this girl’s determination. So he grudgingly types out a response.
Sherlock expression is amused, teasing. “I’m growing more and more confused as to… how. You work at, what, four words per minute?”
Sherlock’s laugh is more an exhalation than anything else, but it makes John grin as he continues. “It’s just… Well, I feel stupid that I’m only now realizing this, but. I’ve kind of been thinking of you in that way for a while now.”
“Are you feeling well?” Irene asked from beside him. He nodded.
“How long do you think she’ll keep that up?”
Things John believed with increasing certainty to be untrue.
Moriarty. The fake suicide. The two years apart.
“That’s not good enough,” Sherlock sighed. “At least it would not be for Mycroft’s contacts. I received a missive from him six weeks ago-”
“Alright!” Irene leaped to her feet, her hair flying. “Let’s go!”
“So,” Molly leaned in. “No sign of Watson yet?”
“Oh, Greg, it's much too late for that.”
Sherlock sighed, leaning into John's touch. His gaze shifted to the ship, and his hand moved to the mast next to them. “I sometimes feel I should have gone down with her. I failed her…”
“Sherlock,” John’s voice came out all strangled. “I will not lose you again! We’ve only just found each other again, and… I can’t. I… I lo-”
Sherlock barely glanced at the message before he locked the phone again. Twelve blissful hours, but he should have known Sebastian wouldn’t take off too much time. He had quite the fixation, it seemed.
“When are we making port?” Sholto asked.
shagging.”
you want me to ask you right now?”
“Me too. Hopefully we’re wrong, and it will all blow over. I mean, it’s a lot of if’s.”
“Sorry,” John cut in. “But… what are we talking about?”
“Where are we going?”
“Sorry,” John said when they broke apart. “I guess I’m all thrown off after taking that extra shift on Saturday. I’ll figure it out in a day or so…” His voice trailed off as he was overtaken by a massive yawn.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow, as if he has a good idea of what that exchange was, but he doesn’t say anything. Before John can ask, a cab pulls up, and they get in. By the time they pull back into traffic and are rounding the corner, Sherlock reaches for John’s hand.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. But perhaps he was going to enjoy this. He could very well encounter a much worse selection of humanity on a site like this, after all.
“I know,” John smiles sadly. “I’m not asking you to. Just… can you try? Can I know you someday?”
Sherlock pauses. “Did you take him up on it?”
“And then we’d have sunk them,” the other laughed. The men gathered yelled and thumped their fists on the tables in agreement.
John glanced around to find Kitty Winter and Irene Adler standing with him, surrounding Moran. “Surrender,” Winter hissed.
"Bloody hell, you're the best."
John extricated himself from his own battle and made to follow. But then, without warning of any kind, an agonizing, horrific pain lanced through John. He yelled, barely aware of dropping his weapon, barely aware of falling to the deck. His shoulder felt as if it were on fire; it was as if he were being torn apart from the inside. Groggy and near-delirious from the pain, he turned his head and saw his shoulder was now slick with his own scarlet blood.
“Okay, yeah, that sounds good. How many stops are you thinking about?” John’s sharp intake of breath has Sherlock lifting his gaze back to him. “Really?” He glances at Sherlock. “Yeah, yeah… I should be able to do that. Let me check my calendar.”
And his hand still twitched.
“Sorry.”
and destroy the
Now, sleepy Sherlock leans over and kisses him. “Good morning.”
“God, this is incredible,” he manages to say around the food. “You weren’t joking.”
Sebastian parried Winter’s blade, thrusting it to the side. But she recovered immediately, whirling around to swing her blade toward him again. They engaged in a series of motions, whirling limbs and slashing blades, so rapid and smooth that John could hardly follow the individual moves as they flowed into one another. However, he quickly realized the advantages on both sides. Sebastian had more strength, but Winter was quick and agile. Her smaller size made her nimble, as she proved when she at last ducked under his swinging blade to thrust hers toward his gut.
A few minutes later, after John insists on washing up, he is freed to go upstairs to Sherlock’s flat. He’s surprising his boyfriend, because this is his last exam, and John wants to celebrate. He planned in advance, bringing over the ingredients over the past few days. Sherlock, ever oblivious to trivial matters such as the contents of his refrigerator, has no idea. He doesn’t even know what this dish is called; he only refers to it as “that thing with the peas” whenever he requests it from John.
“Look, with this body,” Irene gestured to herself, in her rather form-fitting black top, with a proud raised eyebrow. “Anyone remotely interested in women notices me. Even those who don't usually notice that kind of thing. But Holmes? When I went to his office and turned on the charm, he didn't react at all like they usually do. He looked more... horrified than anything else.”
“What do you mean…?” John starts to ask. An endearing wrinkle appears in the center of his forehead, and Sherlock watches him read the end again.
, not surrounded by pirates, not trapped with the people he had heard such horrific tales of for years.
This particular store is tucked away in a narrow street off Portobello Road, near enough to Notting Hill Gate to get plenty of traffic from both there and the market, but far enough away that it feels like it still could be a bit of a secret. The shelves reach the ceilings and are spaced just this side of uncomfortable, exuding a sense of being embraced by books whenever someone walks through the aisles. John has been placed in the reading area, where several cafe-style tables and chairs are arranged around a small fireplace, in which flames crackle merrily to ward off the chilly wind blowing outside. His spot is ideal for encountering customers; the shop is small enough that anyone wandering through will have to pass by this area and would need to be exceptionally dedicated to avoiding social interactions to evade him.
Upon seeing the detective inspector, Sebastian moved suddenly and dealt Sherlock a hard blow to the stomach. Sherlock doubled over, gasping, and so was powerless to stop his adversary. So he ended up facing the DI, the knife against his Adam’s apple, Sebastian just behind him.
It was the best lunch Sherlock had ever had.
John chuckled. “You’re welcome.”
. “Understood?”
“Thank you,” James said after they had eaten in companionable silence for several minutes.
“I just want you for my own, more than you could ever know…”
Sherlock stopped a hairsbreadth from Sebastian's face. Then, with slow, deliberate movements, he untied the binding wrapped across the man's mouth and let it fall to the deck.
“I’m so sorry, Victor,” he murmured. The man had buried his face in his hands, and John glanced up at Sherlock.
Sherlock places his hand over John’s on his knee. “I’m sorry.”
and the
. But hearing it now in John’s voice rather than the whispery one in the back of his own mind, made it all seem more real.
John felt horrified. Blood rushing in his ears almost blocked out even the sounds of rain and wind. “You would just let them all drown? That ship is going down, you know it!”
Sherlock kissed him again, soft and warm. “I am sorry.”
with him. Probably through some sort of pseudo-compatibility algorithm nonsense. Those weren’t real science, anyway, in his estimation.
Victor frowned. “Well, that’s the odd thing. No one seems to know. No one I’ve spoken with seems to have ever seen her; they just know her by name.”
The man’s expression turned to one of slightly mocking amusement. “We did save your life,” he pointed out. “Your men were retreating. I could have just as easily tossed you into the water so I didn’t have to deal with you.”
“We shall see,” he murmured. “Now…”
“Hey, John?” she says. “I was wondering if you had a minute for me to pick your brain.”
“James,” John murmured. “It’s alright. You have a home here, on the
Sherlock purses his lips. “Well. Perhaps he was right. Most of the people I know are unrepentant idiots. Yourself excepted most of the time.”
“Did it?”
“What is it?” he called, looking over. His lieutenant raced over.
He breathed a sigh of relief that turned, without warning, into a harsh gasp.
Sherlock sat up straighter, blinking hard twice. “My brother, seven years my senior, dedicated his life to fighting the NOTP. It has proven a more difficult undertaking than expected. They are secretive and powerful. He currently has a...
BOOM.
John giggles. “Still, we’ve got all night. You can relax.”
Sherlock’s voice continued speaking, but sounded muffled as though with cotton as John slipped away into a fitful slumber.
“She’s wonderful,” he says.
“Lead the way then, boyfriend,” John declares, just to watch Sherlock’s flustered expression show itself once more.
She pats his shoulder. “Well, you don’t need to know right now. I shouldn’t have asked.”
Sebastian glared but said nothing.
for the attack…
And it had only been six months ago.
“A reader,” Sherlock says, evasive. For some reason, he doesn’t want to bring up John to this man. Something about him is setting off an instinctive red flag, yet Sherlock cannot deduce why, which is even more alarming.
“John-”
“Well, good of you to keep my ego in check,” he says. “Come on, sit down with me.”
He pulled back then, yawning.
was up ahead somewhere, according to the map Sherlock had drawn of the vessel’s route. Somewhere, less than a mile away, sailed their worst enemy.
“Much,” John smiled. He lifted his sword again, twitching it to beckon Sherlock to move. “Let’s go then.”
“Okay,” Sherlock said, as he watched the man go.
He didn’t know what this was about, but it sounded as if her day had been at least as delightful as his.
“Oh dear,” a voice murmured over him, laced with amusement.
gentle hands caressing my face.
Written after the events of
Sherlock scoffs, and that seems to break whatever spell this moment has weaved around, between them. John grins and moves close, taking Sherlock’s right hand in his free one and kissing his knuckles.
“Hammered titanium,” he whispered. “John…”
and he shudders,
“Yes!” Sherlock said. “Irene!”
They moved forward, those gathered parting before them, many with shock and bemusement flashing across their features. John’s hands grabbed at Sherlock’s forearms, though Sherlock’s hands came up to either side of John’s face in an almost reverent way.
John’s knee-jerk reaction is to panic. He’s barely written a word today, not counting the possibly-horrible outline, not to mention the disastrous page (singular) he created yesterday. “Not that well at the moment, actually,” he admits.
John sat across from him, unable to stop the way his eyes drifted back to Sherlock, no matter where they had been looking before. Sherlock regarded him in return, though with more uncertainty, and John thought — though it was hard to tell in the low, golden firelight — that he might have been blushing.
“You need something to eat,” he said. “A drink, but most importantly food. Fruit, if we have any left.”
John shifts, then nods. “Yeah, alright. It’s just that he — I mean, his company — has a bad reputation. They’re a vanity press, so most people I know steer clear.”
"Well, yeah," John shrugged and struggled out of the enticing grasp of the pillows, blankets, and boyfriend's hands. "It's a magical creation. Besides, I'm making one of the drinks for you. So it's fine."
So here they are, finishing their Chinese takeout and cheap wine. Mrs. Hudson has come and gone, sharing a glass of wine with them but citing her hip and going to bed early. It’s two hours until midnight.
“Oh, is that what I am? Tempting?”
They at last slowed minutes later, curled close and breathing in unison. Sherlock nosed at his jaw, humming.
"You're not a moron," Sherlock rolled his eyes, digging in John's bag for his notes. "Here, I'll quiz you."
“You need it more than we need to ration it,” she insisted.
“Okay, okay, Hermione,” he chuckled. “Go show the draft to Watson tomorrow in his office. Maybe his reassurances will count more than mine.”
There was a tinge of concern under the nonchalance, and it spurs John forward to tug Sherlock into his arms. “It will, Sherlock,” he whispered fiercely. “It wasn’t an impulse I acted on last night. I told you, I want to be with you in every way, and I will work for this.”
John was already there at the table, a cup of coffee in front of him. Sherlock gave him a nod that he didn’t return. Swallowing, Sherlock ducked his head and made himself a cup of tea. Only once it was finished and Sherlock had slid into the chair across from John did the other boy speak.
He was not to know he would end this conversation jumping around the room, because not only did he have a date, but the mystery of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson was finally solved.
had not been moving quickly when they had first thrown Sherlock overboard, but as the red sails were now completely unfurled to catch the full force of the wind, the vessel was picking up speed.
“I mean, did you surprise me here because you were, I don’t know, anxious about… my commitment?” John sounds as if he is trying to be nonchalant, but Sherlock detects a trace of worry in the question.
What was up? Down? Where was the surface?
Her smile vanished, and her eyebrow rose. “I think you’d better take that up with the Captain. He…” she cleared her throat. “He did not authorize me or Billy to tell you anything of that nature.”
“Yes, I wanted to pick this up for you. Of course, I guess that's pointless now.” She hesitates to put the book back on the display, though, glancing at something behind Sherlock. Or someone.
“Sholto.” Sherlock nodded. “He saw your weapons smuggling. You know we’re aware of this.”
“Ah,” John nods. “Good idea. Although actually, I was thinking I could cook us a meal here. I’ve got some chicken I really need to do something with.”
“And he seemed normal before that?”
“I knew going to that book signing of yours was a good idea.”
can pull him, he must be easy. I might try it out, have some fun this New Year’s, yeah?”
“It is,” John replied with a grin.
Sherlock is already waiting by the time John arrives at their determined place of meeting. He has swapped his leather bag for the newer one, and has left behind the textbooks and notes.
John is frowning. “Sherlock, you’re lovely.”
Sherlock smirks, marking his place and setting
But at the same time, he saw the wisdom of Sherlock’s words. Logical, reasonable words. He needed to tell the Navy he was alive, and perhaps in doing so he could even protect Sherlock and this crew from being punished for piracy if they were ever captured.
Sherlock nods. He can see, now that the unsettling feeling Moriarty brought with him has faded, where John’s signing will be. The booth features a sign like Moriarty’s, but this time with John’s author photo and the cover of
She was forced to focus, however, when Holmes launched into a snappish lecture, gesticulating and waving. The students buckled down and suffered through it, working through the lab with heads bent in attempts to hide from Holmes’ apparent foul mood.
cradling me with more passion than I have yet known.
“Well, one of two captains. A mutual sharing of powers,” Sherlock did not meet his gaze. “You and I would command the
Sherlock tapped hard, his shaking hands betraying the tension thrumming through him. After sending the text message with a hard jab of his index finger, he turned off his phone and turned back to his work.
He and Mycroft proceed onto the landing and close the door behind them. Mycroft watches him for a moment, and only that look —
“Yeah, she told me her boyfriend wasn’t that creative.”
John kissed his forehead. “I love you too. I can’t wait to marry you.”
“There.” Sherlock nods to a small stand about half a block away. It’s a cheerily lit place, with a short queue of customers waiting to order. “I hope it’s okay, it’s just fish and chips. But I have it on good authority that it is the absolute best in the city.”
The fairy lights turn off in the waiting room,
“I know,” she said, still amused. Then, her gaze shifted a bit, and caught sight of John. “Hello, Watson.”
“I hardly think those are small things,” Sherlock crosses his arms. “They make up significant aspects of who a person is—”
and repressed the urge to jump around his bedroom like a smitten grade-schooler.
He hesitated and lifted the scope to his eye once more. In the distance, he could discern the silhouette of a ship, and another shape in the water. Likely the victim of the attack, sinking.
crew launched into action, scrambling for guns and swords and dashing belowdecks for the cannons. But Sherlock, now free and swaying at the railing, stared. And though his lungs were still waterlogged, his body still pained and weak, he managed to scramble over to stare across the narrow space between their ships in awe.
And he couldn’t forget John’s face, the way he’d looked as the fight had played out between them, a perverse pantomime of their usual playful bickering. The worst part was that Sherlock was the reason John had looked that way. Everything was due to Sherlock’s failure to deal with this in a sensible way.
John swallowed. “I still don’t like you going in alone.”
“Alright,” Sherlock grumps, though he seems content to nestle close to John’s side and scroll through his phone while John works.
“Well,” he said, feeling stupid.
“What are we going to do, Sherlock?” Irene raced up to his side. The entire crew was tensed, weapons at the ready, watching their leaders.
lurched to the side. Cries sounded, the NOTP sailors commanding and exclaiming and some simply screaming. John heard a crash, but did not take his eyes off his opponent to look.
Footsteps thumped up the steps then, and John peered around the corner to see Wiggins leaning against the wall for a moment, head bowed. After a moment, he followed his captain. John waited a few more seconds, then did the same.
“Phones away,” he barked. “Notebooks out.”
He was still reveling in the fact that he had a date an hour later, until Molly’s number appeared on the screen.
“How long do you reckon we have?” John asked, eyes on the door.
More action coming soon in the next chapter!
John chortles. “Well, good.”
“Just what you would suspect,” Sherlock’s head was lowered. “His reputation was more tattered than a sail after a storm. He spent a year in prison before a few sympathetic merchant friends lobbied to free him. But no one would work with him anymore. He had lost his livelihood, his social circle, his honour, all at once. It broke him. He was never the same. Only months after he returned home to us, he died.
"I was supposed to bring you a coffee this morning," Sherlock said suddenly, fretting. He'd forgotten. "I was supposed to surprise you..."
“Happy birthday, dearest. I love you,” John whispered.
John sat back, exhaling in one long, slow breath. To think of how conniving and, in fact, evil, this company must be, to disregard the damage they inflicted  without an ounce of grief…
Only when John sits down adjacent to him does Sherlock register his presence.
“No,” John interrupted. “Not just as I do. I have a crew. But they’re more than just friends; they’re my family, not by blood, but by choice. So don’t you dare try to say your connection to your people is somehow unique. And while you’re at it, don’t try to manipulate my feelings. I won’t feel sympathy for you, no matter how hard you try to make me.”
Cutting off what he didn’t want to be entertaining at the moment, he shifted and stared at Sherlock.
“Alright, I'm probably about done,” he says. “We’re going to get something to eat after, right?”
She squeezed his hand. “It’s good to see you.”
He clutched a tray in his hands, a plate, a mug, and small vase containing a single flower atop it. John bit down on his slightly protruding tongue as he balanced everything as he made his way forward. Then, three feet from the bed, he stopped and regarded Sherlock.
“Also,” John, exaggeratedly serious, holds up a finger as a warning to not be interrupted. Sherlock tries not to chuckle too obviously. “Why do your poems never rhyme? Poems are supposed to rhyme.”
John snorted. “I’m sleeping in the second bedroom.”
What could they do?
, John,” Sherlock admitted again. “I didn’t know what to do. I didn’t
—skin.
Her reply was, as usual, almost instant.
His lips twitched. “Of that I have no doubt.”
“And these are part of the apology, I assume?” Watson's voice was inscrutable. Was he still upset? Molly couldn't tell from just his tone.
Sherlock tries to pretend his cheeks are not continuing to celebrate being back to their old, blushing ways once more. “I don’t know about that… I was only teasing. Besides, you’re right. Grammar is tedious. The rules are many times outdated and arbitrary, not accepting of colloquial or modern usage.”
“May I?” he asked, shifting from foot to foot.
Sherlock lay still, listening to the sounds of John moving about the flat: he removed his coat and shoes, stumbled into the bathroom and rinsed up, then entered the bedroom on cat’s paws, obviously under the impression Sherlock was asleep. Not wanting to disabuse him of this idea - John learning otherwise would probably lead to questions about whether Sherlock was feeling alright or something - Sherlock remained still and breathed slow and deep.
There was a general murmur of assent, then Molly piped up. “How was yours, professor?”
They laugh for a moment, then Mrs. Hudson ushers John inside her flat for tea. He tries to protest, to say that she already does too much for him and for Sherlock, but he has to give in — after all, there is no fighting Mrs. Hudson when she has made up her mind.
“Like what? Sitting here knowing we’ve broken each other?” John laughed helplessly, insincerely. “Sherlock, I got us kicked out of three restaurants and nearly broke your nose. Then I said such hurtful things, I... I turned you away time and time again after Mary... after Mary died… And then I… in the morgue, I hurt you so badly…” he stopped, swallowed. “I've been a terrible friend.”
“Yes,” Sherlock whispered, seconds before he leaned in and pressed their lips together.
So he tugs Sherlock close, kissing him. Sherlock returns it, and John laughs against his soft mouth as his boyfriend pushes the dressing gown off his shoulders.
“Yes. Dear Sholto. Another fool. Your ship is just full of them, isn’t it? He fell for every word I said, that we were both victims, and that he must be so brave and strong to have survived. Idiot.”
She leaned in and kissed his cheek. He smiled and shook her hand. “And I you. Stay out of trouble now.”
John shakes his head. “Not really. And,” he sighs heavily, “I spent the morning reading reviews of
Strangely enough, I wrote this before I even got around to writing part 2 of How Novel, then forgot about it for a while. So I'm so happy (though still low key nervous) to finally share it with you all!
Irene stood, her hands covered in blood. She brushed them rather absently on her own trousers and regarded her crew.
dazed, and only has eyes for the lithe, blushing figure in his arms.
John stares, taken aback. He has known Sherlock has been stressed and moody, but having doubts about his future? That’s news to John.
“You will be missed,” the man said moments before he stepped away. John watched him go, wondering at the fact that Ekene would be missed in return.
Both men nodded, and the former departed to do as bid.
“I know,” Victor sighed. “But you weren’t there, Sherlock. You didn’t see how they reacted when they suspected I wasn’t who I said I was. They threatened to kill me. I had to flee, to disappear.”
At that, he blinks, frowns. “Why wouldn’t I be?” It’s a nonsensical, untruthful answer, but he isn’t quite sure what to think of this concern. He’s been expecting a fight.
That makes John grin. She’s almost as much of a fan as Sherlock, and it’s endearing. “It’s nearly there. The publisher is laying it out, and I’ll be getting a galley proof soon, to check everything over.” He feels a private thrill at the thought of the galleys going out soon, and his plan for one of them.
“Good,” she says. Then, she looks at John, shifting and biting her lip, as if aware she is interrupting something. “Listen, do you think I could see your notes? I’m worried about it, with the exam so soon…”
“Besides,” John let his fingers trail along the headscarf's soft tie, which dangled just behind Sherlock's ear. “If you'd gone down with the ship, we'd not be here.”
“Hey,” he said, clearing his throat, which had gone dry. “About what I said earlier... You wouldn't mind not spreading it around, right?”
John settled against his chest, deciding to clean them up later. This was too nice to give up just to fetch a flannel.
You see fairy lights and your lost first mate.
John's voice has become James Sacker's voice. John's smile is now Sherrinford’s smile. John’s inflection echoes through each syllable of prose. And worse, Sherlock's own conversation with John has continually seeped into his mind, on near-constant replay even as he tried to lose himself in the book, which is, in truth, quite good. Yet even despite that, he has found himself drifting away from the story back to the book signing. Hence why it has taken thrice as long for him to finish reading.
“That’s not what I meant.” He scrambled back onto the bed, a good excuse to turn away and hide his reddening face. John chuckled and followed, tugging the covers back over them. He rearranged the tray over Sherlock’s legs again and looked pointedly between Sherlock and the scone. Sherlock rolled his eyes but began to eat. He
To test this, keeping his eyes trained on the computer screen, John pushes them further up the bridge of his nose. In the periphery, he can see Sherlock blink rapidly, ears going pink.
But at that moment, the classroom door swung open and their professor emerged.
“Should he have?” Sherlock asked softly. He had a slight frown on his face, so John reached out and slid an arm around his waist.
He kissed Sherlock then, a gentle press of lips, then trailed a finger down his jaw. Sherlock shivered and smiled at the touch, leaning into it.
“How much did you hear of all that?” he asks.
on cat’s feet. The space was dark, no light at all coming from the portholes. So Sherlock had to work blind, relying on his fingers and ears and memory.
“On the other hand, their attacks have shown a pattern. The attack on Sholto’s ship was the first. According to reports I received in the Cape, his crew witnessed the
“You think that’s enough time for someone like me to have decided to just hand over... everything?” He flaps a hand at himself.
“Keelhaul him.”
“Interfering woman,” Sherlock muttered. “She just delighted in seeing us squirm. She will likely tease us to no end about this.”
John gulped down a hasty drink. "So?" He knew what was coming.
“She sounds lovely,” John says. He already likes this woman, for if not for her he may never have met Sherlock.
“Yeah.” John’s voice has a hint of irritation in it now. “Your ambitions. That’s the sort of things people in a relationship talk about.”
“I feel a bit weird spreading rumors,” John says.
Sherlock hummed in agreement. “Yes. They’ll have more weapons.”
tempting, satisfying,
“Don’t mistake what I’m about to say for me being okay with what you did,” John replied without preamble, as though he had rehearsed it in his head several times before. He took a breath. His eyes were still icy and upset, and in the low light of the disappearing sun, he looked even angrier than his voice sounded. “I’ll help you, assuming you’re actually going to do something to get Sebastian out of your life.”
They broke apart after just a few seconds, though, and Sherlock grinned breathlessly down at John. “Come to bed,” he murmured.
“I was…” Sherlock blushed. “Hoping you would kiss me, actually.”
Sherlock smirked. “Not so much, in my estimation. Your lieutenant seems a sensible sort, which will be good for Victor, who was always a bit impulsive and energetic. Furthermore, they have both lost their ships, are both drifting. They will need someone else who understands what that is like. Though I confess myself surprised at Victor. His first love was always the sea.” Sherlock regarded John as he finished, hands in his pockets and a hopeful glint in his eyes. John merely nodded, and they fell silent.
Seeing Sherlock like this was a rare thing, John knew. So often this man had all his walls up, even with John. He could not recall the last time he had seen Sherlock sleep so openly and so deeply. Sleeping at a reasonable hour was one of the many things, in fact, that John could not remember Sherlock doing for some time. Sleeping, smiling, laughing, teasing John—all these were distant memories now.
“And you’re the brightest thing I’ve ever known, Sherlock Holmes.”
“Firstly, I have interrupted you twice, not constantly,” John says with a grin as he enters the room and climbs into bed. “How are you liking it?”
You stay awake as long as you can,
He nodded. “As am I.”
“Hey,” he murmurs. Sherlock turns to him, a somewhat worried expression on his face. However, John’s next words—“I had a lovely time with you today”—erase that look in an instant.
“Ah, Mr. Watson, at last,” he says crisply, breezing past Sherlock into the sitting room. He wears a bespoke pinstripe suit, and John wonders who in their right mind would be so dressed up just to pay a social call. Or whatever this is. “Hello.”
“I thought I’d surprise you, if that’s okay.” Feeling a little awkward, he gestures toward the kitchen. “I’m making dinner. Figured we could celebrate a little tonight, before everything tomorrow, the ceremony and your parents and all.”
my father’s money had been taken—and took to the seas. I was eighteen years old, just out of formal schooling and finally free of my brother’s direct influence. All the while, Victor sent letters, which I would receive at port.” He swallowed. “They stopped coming two years ago. The last thing he told me was he that he had discovered where to find the NOTP leadership and would give more details in his next missive. Of course, he never did. So without warning, I had another reason to hate the NOTP.
got you, then.”
, he thinks.
He shifted forward. John tugged his shirt collar out of the way so Sherlock could gain access to the wound. The next few minutes passed in silence while Sherlock worked, pulling back the bandages, wiping off the wound, and retying everything. All the while, John wondered at the strangeness of the situation, at how he was allowing a pirate to touch his bare skin. He really should have insisted he do this himself, but somehow he had not thought to stop Sherlock.
John grinned back. “Thank you. I didn’t expect this.”
John and the others retreated as Sherlock stalked toward the mizzenmast. Sebastian didn't move, only stared daggers at his captain.
John turned to find Irene, along with a few other pirates, standing in a small circle near the prow. The setting sun sent slanting rays through a patch of clouds from beyond the portside railing, glinting off the sharp metal blades each person clutched in their hands. Wary, John approached.
“Precisely.” His hand covered John’s for a moment and squeezed.
John pulled back, his hands tangled in Sherlock’s hair in an altogether wondrous way. In fact, their entire bodies were rather entwined. John tilted his head as he surveyed the younger boy, blue eyes steady.
“Thanks,” he said to Winter, leaving her to her work. As he strode away, he heard her begin to hum her usual melody.
“Why me? Why let me distract you from your work?”
Sherlock shook his head. “It was no trouble, Lieutenant Watson.”
Irene nodded. “You may not understand yet, since you just met him, but Sherlock is… special. He holds everyone at a distance. No one,” she raised her eyebrows. “
Sherlock scoffs and glances away. “It’s hardly that impressive. Plenty of people enter this field.”
Sherlock glared at him. How could he ask this? After everything he had done, to Sherlock’s family, to Sherlock, to John?
“Sounds like you’ve a good thing, with those writers.” Sherlock murmurs, glancing up at John with a soft look.
“And that time I went in for office hours and Watson was in there... sitting on the corner of his desk!” Janine added, grinning.
“Have we not said it?” he asked into the crook of Sherlock’s neck.
was hit again by yet another round of cannonfire. Men raced for their last hope, as the small boats were dropped frantically into the waves. John fired back once more as he backed toward one of them.
Sherlock hesitates, and John stands, taking off his glasses. “Everything alright?”
“So,” Greg finally said after finishing off his drink. “Any thoughts of going back out there?”
, or at least lived to tell of it, had it not been for your help.”
“You too,” Greg clasped his arm. “We had given you up for dead, mate.” Guilt was intense and bright in his eyes.
Up on the deck, Sherlock stuttered to a halt, staring around him. “John, what—”
John turned away. He ignored Sherlock in favor of the food the man had brought, and Sherlock seemed content to let him. When he at last sat back from the bowl and tore into a small chunk of bread, though, he looked up to find the man’s gaze flickering quickly away from him to the window, which showed a clear sky lit up in dramatic shades of pink and orange and red.
Sherlock blinked, that mischievous glint returning to his eyes despite his laboured breaths. “I’m fine.”
Sherlock crosses his arms. “The mere fact that I’ve never been enticed to read these other people is evidence enough that you are superior, I should think.”
John laughed and shoved him away. “I’ll be there in a bit.”
John’s hands are stuffed deep into his pockets, his shoulders hunched and his brow furrowed. He slows before the door to 221, staring at it. As he hesitates, Sherlock examines him.
“Cannot be a priority right now,” Sherlock cut him off. “Your survival is most important. Sentiment, you must understand, is a liability. A defect found in the losing side.”
Molly returned in record time, with the bowl of water as well as a ration of biscuits, salted pork, and water. She faltered at the look on John’s face, which he was certain was frozen in a mask of shock.
He raced away. John ignored his order, feeling more awake and lucid in this rain than he had all day. Blinking water out of his eyes, he strode across the deck.
“You’ve been practicing with your sword,” Sherlock said in wonder, a small smile splitting his salt-dusted lips and brightening his wearied, bloodied face.
That evening, after the crew had eaten and most were heading off to bed, John stood on the deck, thinking. They'd sailed several more hours without being disturbed by the unknown ship, but as the sun had gone down, all the crew members had glanced back to check she was still there.
“I’m a finalist, I haven’t won—”
The things Mrs, Hudson has said yesterday, and meeting Margaret and William, have got him thinking about this again.
Her response was prompt and, as he predicted, ridiculous.
“Maybe.” John starts cutting chicken breasts into cubes with intriguing finesse. “I had an idea some time back and only just recently found the note about it again. So, a few days ago, I thought, since
“Is this why you really came to see me?”
and later, you pretend to sleep on the rug
He pulled his hand back, noticing how Sherlock leaned forward slightly as if to follow the touch. “I thought you were dead,” he spat again.
“Are you ready?”
emphasizing emotions with motions:
Satisfied, he sends it, then sprawls onto his bed and begins flipping through
Sherlock huffs and crosses his arms. “Eventually,” he spits, sounding a little resentful.
“But you clearly know these people. Is this the same ship?”
him, instead of with him. John felt a simultaneous sensation of relief and loss as the captain stepped back and moved to face him. Despite the heat, his back felt cold with the loss of Sherlock’s skin.
A small shifting noise, as if Holmes were shuffling his feet again. “You've been avoiding me.”
“I don’t want to go,” John insisted. “Can’t you get a doctor at Lisbon, keep us both on the ship?”
“It hurts,” John muttered—probably a stupid statement, but Sherlock did not react. Instead, he had sat up and swung his legs out of bed. “Where are you going?”
And wasn’t that a sobering thought?
, can he?”
Sherlock let out a feeble cough but clung all the tighter to John. Even as his boyfriend attempted to pull back and examine his cut, even as John began to speak rather frantically about going downstairs to get a doctor, Sherlock still held onto him. His heart rate was slowing to a safe pace, his lungs were screaming less, his neck was not throbbing as much, but his mind was still racing. One thought dominated above the others.
like this.
He heard Sherlock huff out a little laugh, and glanced up through his fingers. Oh… had he said all that aloud?
He rolls over lazily and opens his eyes. Sherlock isn’t there, having got up a short while ago. He’d half-woken John with a kiss to the cheek and a whisper of greeting, but John had drifted back asleep almost instantly. Now, he assumes only ten minutes or so have passed; he can hear the shower still running in the next room.
Sherlock is the one to pull away, his tongue darting out to trace over his lips. John follows the movement with his eyes, shivering—though whether it’s from the rain or the kiss, he isn’t sure.
Moriarty, the paper said.
there.”
“That’s no excuse to go without eating,” John says, trying to pretend he isn’t mildly horrified. “Come on, at least have some soup or something.”
Sherlock turned away and closed his eyes. His goal was so close to being in his grasp. He could not let it slip from his fingers now, not after all the years he had dedicated to tracking it down and getting revenge. His family had been torn apart because of the NOTP, and this breakthrough could mean ending them at last.
You ride waves of heartbreak and joy
“John,” Sherlock breathes, “what… Is this what I…?”
“Where are we headed?” he pressed. “What is your port?”
John wanted to pace, but more than that, wanted to be able to
’s increased wake ahead, low ripples in the water, fading the closer they got to the
John’s melancholy thoughts were turned to dust as he turned and grinned. Captain Lestrade was rushing toward him. John met him halfway and they embraced.
“Alright, give it back.” John snatched the paper and shoved it back in his pocket. “And say nothing. I have a reputation, you know.”
“So where are we going now,” John asks, “boyfriend?”
“I’m alright,” she said. “Captain discovered the sword hadn’t damaged anything important, and he did that thing… what do you call it?”
and his tail wags, understanding.
“Because we're bored single people?”
He turned toward the horizon, the piece of flag in his hands trailing into the ocean. More pieces of shattered wood were drifting in the waves. There was enough of it to ensure that anyone looking could be assured the ship the wood had once composed had not survived.
“Well, someone had to lead you astray! You do have
“Hey,” John reaches down and squeezes his hand. “You with me, Sherlock?”
Mid-twenties, mild case of eczema. Also bi, no... gay. Attends Roehampton. Has recently gotten two small dogs. Also has a slight obsession with coffee, judging from his hands.
That’s it.
“You are basing your question off how you saw me react to that Dutch ship,” Sherlock cocked an eyebrow. He had shifted around to lean his body weight against the mast, though his hands continued to wander up and down John’s arms. “But it has been three years since that scene. I have never forgotten how you reacted, and I wish I had perhaps changed course. Not in the midst of that storm,” he rushed on when John opened his mouth. “But sent longboats after, sought any survivors. Yet I did not.” He shook his head, scowling. “It did not feel right with me. Which I imagine is partially your fault,” he shot John a faux-severe glance. “And when I saw your ship sinking… I don’t know.”
Sherlock clambered in next to him, nuzzling into the crook of his neck. “Thank you for today. Even if it’s partly Irene’s fault.”
John hesitates. Sherlock has been better about discussing things, but this is one topic they haven’t touched on much. “No, not really. But he’s brilliant. I’m sure he has some elaborate plan.”
“You can’t do this,” he tried one last time, heart sinking.
His eyes flashed. “Oh!”
The consulting detective smiled broadly and curled up again against John, head on his shoulder. His proximity, and John's emotions so close to the surface, made his nerves again go into overdrive. The moment was coming soon.
Sherlock hesitates, eyes scanning up and down John, who shivers under the gaze—and not exactly from discomfort. “Yes.”
"Am I wrong though? It was pretty clear she'd love to get her hands on a piece of your-"
“Okaaaaay,” Molly grimaced. “Anyway, Irene. Have you had any classes with Professor Holmes before?”
A laugh bubbled up out of John’s chest, warm and joyous. As his shoulders shook, Sherlock huffed and crossed his arms. “And stop laughing at me!” he protested, though even he could tell he sounded unconvincing. He was too relieved to be honestly annoyed.
His fingers flew as he frowned. “What are you doing here?”
The smirk widened on John’s face, turning a bit suggestive. “Hmm. Sounds like an agreeable alternative.”
At the top of a blank page, he scribbles a title: “A Sonnet For Drunk John.”
"Actually it
She inclined her head in farewell, then made to leave. Before she got far, however, she paused and turned back. “What about you?” she nodded at his arm.
Sherlock groaned in frustration, running his fingers through his hair and turning away. John, abruptly self-conscious, glanced around. Those nearest, including Irene, appeared to be studious in their efforts to not listen. Well, actually, Irene was not included in that group; her eavesdropping was rather blatant. He caught her eye, but she looked back in defiance, hands on her hips.
“I don't,” Holmes' tone was earnest, almost pleading. “I don't usually. But... it disturbed me more than I expected when they made those comments... about
“Sherlock!” John called as he tugged her to her feet. “What-”
for the express purpose of damaging the cannons was suicide.
At last, a question John had prepared for. "I knew my wound was in a bad state. So I waited until the ship got into port and they all left. By then I had worked out of my bonds, and I slipped off the ship."
John pulls him close, and together, they sleep.
a bit of a looker. Hell, if I swung that way, I might have to ask him out—”
I mean-”
But they were passing the Dutch ship. John could still hear them yelling, and as he turned his head, he saw many faces staring in his direction. Cries for help met his ears, louder even than the thunder.
“No, I…” John supposed he was stuck with this line of questioning now. He
Trajectories, angles, wind speeds, and equations flashed through Sherlock’s head. None had positive outcomes for him, if he were to fall. The results were even worse if he were thrown.
Wait. What? Sherlock cranes around the crowd once more, gazing at the side of John’s face. Yes, it really was
Now John has to preen, just a bit. “Nineteen, actually. But I have to tell you, one book a year is exhausting sometimes.”
"Call me John," he murmured. Again with his mouth saying things before his mind could authorize them.
“Oh,” Watson’s voice sounded as if he had swallowed something large and sharp. “You know Molly?”
“You go on them to sabotage them, to sink them!” John protested. “You don’t need to fire a gun!”
But today, Mycroft only shakes his hand and gives him a bland smile. Then, John sees a distraction: Mr. and Mrs. Holmes. He thinks he would know them anywhere — Sherlock’s eyes and cheekbones are instantly evident in their faces.
“But,” Ekene lifted a finger. “He is an honourable man. You may not see it, but he has a reason for leading this life. And he cares… about many things. About justice.”
. Since it’s been out for over five months now, there’s been plenty of time for online reviews to pour in. The everyday readers too, not just the advance readers.
Sherlock smirked, but the light feeling between them lasted mere seconds as his smile turned into a frown, intense and serious. The amusement faded too from John’s heart as the reality set in. If even Sherlock was worried, had seen this kill someone before, it must be serious.
"John," Sherlock repeated, low and deep. "Very well. Goodnight, John."
He made his way down the steps and over to Sholto. The man glanced up and raised the bottle in greeting. John took it and swallowed a swig.
Is this heat in my cheeks joy or terror?
Sherlock snuggled in closer and they drank in silence for a while. John watched the flames crackle and consume the logs he'd staked in the fireplace. As they ate up the blackening wood, he considered what he was about to do. Was it insane? Maybe, but he'd already decided upon this course of action. He wouldn’t feel right abandoning it now.
He faced the bow again. His grip tightened on his sword. It had been three years, but he
“Good,” Sherlock says, sitting back in his chair.
Sherlock wonders about the man. He’d been so… subtly needling when Sherlock had met him a few months ago. Sherlock had supposed it to be from jealousy, so calling him this morning had been a risk. Now, he worries perhaps the man won’t show, and Sherlock will have to wait outside John’s hotel all afternoon. And after the nearly interminable train ride from London, he does not relish the thought. Especially since, as it had been a ticket purchased at the last minute, he’d been trapped behind a row of incessantly babbling children and felt exhausted simply from being in their proximity.
John chuckles as they turn to head back in unison. “Yeah, I’m sure you could find something to occupy yourself.”
, he thinks,
There, drifting in what appeared to be a clump of seaweed and branches, was a man.
“John?”
John and Sherlock at last leave the restaurant — with another batch of cannoli in a takeaway box thrust into their hands by Angelo on their way out the door. By this time, evening has arrived. The sun is retreating steadily behind the rooftops of London. As they walk through the streets, John thinks back to their earlier conversation.
He lifted his gaze to meet Mycroft’s. The elder Holmes brother was still, eyes wider than they had been a minute previous. He knew, he
“I never had gone to work with the EIC as I had told you. I had gone to him. I knew information and powerful people he did not, as I had grown up in luxury thanks to old Trevor. So Father was happy to take me in, when he had not been when I was first born. But it was not until he died that I saw my chance at attaining real power. Well, I say died. I suppose if you pushed me…” he giggled. “I’d have to admit I helped that event along.”
His forehead creased. “Lieutenant, I confess myself baffled. Since you have been on my ship, my crew and I have been nothing but civil to you. We have not threatened you, we have tended to your wound, and we have let you move about freely.”
The lantern above him swayed so violently then that it almost collided with his temple. Not just him, then.
Sherlock blinked. "Oh."
Sherlock’s least favorite student of John’s is at it again.
Sherlock beamed. “A water filtration system. It will remove most of the salt from seawater for better cleaning. I hope to someday get it to work well enough we can drink the water as well.”
Sherlock nods. He is still blushing, which John is beginning to suspect might be his near-constant state, at least around John.
’ stores would be strained quite severely. Sherlock and Irene declared that morning that it was to be half rations for all save the wounded, until they arrived at port. John’s men grumbled about this amongst themselves, but only until he gave them a stern look.
Then again, John mused, even if he did come to find them again, John knew he would be ready. And he had a feeling Lestrade would as well.
is going to win.”
“If you prefer working with other students, you may join another pair,” Holmes continued. “But if you do not mind working alone, you may.”
“What was he doing?” she asked.
The ship rocked. Everyone staggered to catch themselves, and dinnerware clattered to the floor. John leaped to his feet.
And with a wink, he departed.
“Well, if you’re worried,” John says, keeping his voice soft and placating. He’s never seen Sherlock this manic. He steps forward tentatively. Sherlock moves backwards, though, still looking perturbed. “I think I’ve a fairly okay idea what I’m getting into. You’re handsome and brilliant. Just my type, really.”
by choice. So when I left you in Portugal, I thought you would return to your senses. Decide that you didn't want to lead a... pirate's life.”
“You little shit.” He tightened his other hand, which had Sherlock’s arm pinned behind his back. “Though I see your beloved Johnny didn’t come. Must not have cared.”
John peered down at him. He knew sometimes Sherlock needed reassurance, having never had a love like this, but it always came at unexpected moments. And seeing his lover let his guard down in such a way was almost heartbreaking; he wished Sherlock could believe he deserved John’s love.
Mycroft was his usual self, though the devotion to Rosie was unexpected. Sherlock had wept — in secret, alone in the bedroom with John, of course — when Mycroft had handed him not only the adoption papers but a fund for her to go to university. Having a man in government in the family was useful.
“Wait,” John says, and the sound of his voice makes the women snap their mouths shut at once. He ignores them for the moment and plucks
Winter and Sebastian’s weapons remained immobile in the air for several tense seconds. Then, a ringing clash as the first contact set off the duel.
“I suppose I did,” he says in his chocolatey voice. “I hope it’s alright I brought these?” He hefts the stack for emphasis.
He dashed back to the wheel and shouldered Winter and John out of the way so he could seize it. Winter stumbled and fell, and John rushed to help her.
“Is everything alright?” John asks. “You seem… irritated. Did your exam go alright?”
Sherlock met his eyes, and whatever John had been about to say vanished from his mind. The pirate looked distant, distracted, probably too worried about his wounded crew member to truly focus on John. "What is it?"
Sholto nods. “I misjudged you, I think. Or rather, judged you unfairly. I’m sorry.”
He wanders past the classics and genre fiction into another room where the ceiling soars higher. Above, a skylight allows pale sunbeams to filter into the shelf-lined space. Here, the second story is visible, as a platform circles the sides of that level, allowing the people browsing above to peer over the banister at the rest of the shelves below.
Several minutes passed before Sherlock could stop giggling long enough to type a response.
Sherlock certainly doesn’t blush. “Well…”
In answer, John shifts his chair closer, pulls Sherlock in by the dressing gown, and snogs the sweet, sticky marmalade right off his boyfriend’s lips.
That threw John. “An… an offer?”
I am somehow not a freak to you.
I did not know sentiment
“Thanks,” Greg blew out a breath. “I just hope it's safe with the others.”
“John, you sentimentalist,” he murmured.
would have time to close the distance and begin to worry about the lack of a sign from Sherlock. They would grow concerned, and—he hoped—attack. He just had to continue playing on Moriarty’s tendency to brag, as Sherlock remembered from his youth. “Why bring him into this?”
“No,” Sherlock shakes his head. “I don’t want to just kiss.” He blinks then, as if surprised at his own boldness.
Thank you to everyone who read, commented, left kudos, etc. I had tons of fun writing this story, and your support has meant so much to me. When I first started drafting this fic, I imagined it would be 2-3 chapters. HA. What a simpler time. Luckily Sherlock and John knew better than I did and showed me the way through this. And so did all of you :)
“I write,” Sherlock blurts out. He freezes then, eyes blowing wide in shock at his own outburst.
“John, this is…”
is the ship that destroyed mine, and yours. I would like to see this through. They should answer for their crimes.”
“I didn’t.”
“-I didn’t know how to tell you, especially since I figured I needed to-”
Still, something about him…
Grinning up at him, a pen mid-twirl in his fingers, is John Watson. Sherlock examines the picture—though it's not a new one, having appeared on the last three books—and tries to keep from beaming.
John peers at his watch and sighs. “Yeah. I guess I do. But I mean it about the sonnet, Sherlock!”
“It might be easier, Sherlock,” John said, and it suddenly felt urgent that Sherlock heard him, understood him. “Of course it’s easier not to hurt, not to feel any of the darkness, but... but you’re right. Who you are now…” His fingers tightened around his pulse, and his thumb rubbed at the place where his pulse was strongest. “Who you are now, I wouldn’t trade for all the happiness in the world.”
“Something else came up,” Sherlock replied shortly. “What do I need to do?”
“John?” Sherlock asked, alarmed. He started to turn his head, to look over his shoulder to see whatever it was John had noticed, but John snatched his arm.
“Well, maybe not gay,” Greg rushed to correct. “I'm thinking more likely bi.”
Sherlock looked bewildered at the unconventional endearment, but not as if he didn’t like it. “Alright,” he said.
(See the end of the chapter for
Looking back on all that time after he had left Sherlock, John remembered few details. Yes, there had been new places, acquaintances, and excitement, but even those things seemed duller than they should. What he did remember with utmost clarity was taking the bandages off his shoulder for the final time. He remembered taking the helm of the
At least Watson had a window, small as it was. It allowed a friendly, calm light to spill onto the surface of his desk. A small row of books was propped on the end of the desk against the wall, and a laptop sat plugged in next to them. Above these things, on the wall, hung a picture of skull. Molly didn’t have much time to wonder at why it might be there; it didn’t exactly seem like Watson’s style.
Miraculously, it worked. Through the fog and wind and slashing weapons, he soared. And his feet collided with one of the pirates fighting his captain, sending the ruffian tumbling into the waters below. John managed a grin as he swept by Lestrade, who was gaping at him.
Sherlock’s face, or the closest approximation John’s less-than-refined art skills could manage, stared up at him from the sheet of paper. The pirate captain was leaning against the railing of the
Sherlock swallows hard. “I—I did. That is… if you did,” he replies.
How could he let them down? If he did not submit to Moriarty, they would be hunted down and killed. They would meet a fate like that of his father’s.
“You…” Sherlock clears his throat. He hates to bring this up so early, but he knows if he waits another moment, he’ll lose himself in anxiety. “You said we could talk more in the morning. And… it’s morning.”
Sherlock chuckles aloud.
Sherlock’s false smile widens. “Well, as they say — those who can’t write, edit.”
Greg laughed. “Chemistry professor by day, jewel thief by night. Maybe he’s some sort of Robin Hood! Well, the kind you never hear of. He must be good at it.”
“My brother told me about you. He said you were the finest and bravest man he had ever met. I hope you know that your time with him—from what I have deduced—affected him for the better. I am… grateful. I wish you the best in your ambitions.”
Everything froze for one shivering, stunned second. Then, Winter collapsed, face a mask of shock.
A few minutes later, the door into the bedroom opens again. Sherlock rolls over, bracing himself for the conversation that he knows is soon to come.
Did it really make sense? Holmes was so strict, taciturn, and arrogant. The general consensus was that his classes were intense, but often not worth it. Many people hated him.
“Three years I guess,”
It seemed, however, that he did not need to. Sholto’s face fell, his lips tightening and shoulders sagging.
Sherlock and John make a decision, but Sebastian makes one of his own.
John dozed for a while longer, but found he could not reach deep sleep again. He was too distracted by the soft stroking Sherlock had begun across his torso. Finally, as the sky was beginning to lighten, he rolled over again and faced the pirate.
John huffs, but shrugs. He had paid for lunch earlier; he supposes he can allow this. Besides, he finds it rather charming Sherlock is taking paying for meals so seriously; he doesn’t seem like someone who normally bothers with social niceties, and yet here he is.
John shook his head. That was the farthest thing from his mind right now. “It was nothing… but… Sherlock,” he breathed. “What I said, before you left… Well, what I almost said, I mean-”
“You never had proof!”
Greg hadn’t stopped grinning in, oh, at least an hour. He also still was staring down at his phone screen, at his text conversation with Colin specifically. After running into one another at the cafeteria, they had talked for hours until Colin had to head to work. They had, however, exchanged numbers.
“And to bring this back full circle,” John goes on, sitting up and twisting to face him. “You don’t have to know about your future yet. We’re young; we’re not supposed to have answers.”
Instead of replying with words, Sherlock slowly and deliberately lifts a full spoonful to his mouth, not taking his eyes off John. A second later, however, he starts coughing into a napkin.
Sherlock is biting down on a grin as he runs his fingers over the “S,” opens the flap, examines the give of the leather. “You still didn’t need to do this.”
Sherlock ducks his head. “I’m glad. They’ve been dying to meet you. I'm pleased it went well. Though I’m also pleased to be shot of them for now. My parents are pleasant enough, but I can tell you’ve wanted to get me alone all day...”
’s actions lately were deliberate and treacherous, all tailored to bring about one result.
the colors of his fur.
Sherlock smirks. “It does.” Then, however, his eyes widen, as if coming to an abrupt realization. “Are… are you inviting me to your signing there?”
“Whenever I’m getting tunnel vision with my work again, because I’m afraid it might happen again, just… remind me you’re there.”
“Thank you, Captain Watson,” Victor opened his eyes and caught John’s gaze again. “And in the morning, will you tell me of Sherlock?”
“Since when are you so smart about people?” John sits up again and regards his boyfriend, who’s wearing a sympathetic but slightly exasperated look on his face.
Combat was different here, John noticed. The pirates no longer fought on the offensive, but instead to defend. Several of Lestrade’s crew had made their way over as well, and were battling their hardest. John kept a firm grip on his stolen sword as he joined them.
“Oh.” John swallows. “Sure. Do… you want to meet somewhere? Or we can—”
"Oh, right. Just to tell you they got the bloke thanks to your tip. Simon, yeah?"
. Something about its shape told John it was constructed for speed, perhaps even stealth.
John grins back, taking the thin, rectangular box. “What have you done?” He tears off the paper and blinks. “Sherlock?”
He sets the book on his lap, scoops his phone off the table, and unlocks it. John replied to his earlier messages the following morning—
He steps inside the cafe a little awkwardly, having to open and then maneuver through the door while keeping all his possessions in his grasp. John rises and waves, enjoying the chance to get a good look at his date.
Sitting up, he found the captain next to him, dripping wet. “You scared the hell out of me,” he hissed. Several other crew members were down here, and he glanced around to see if he had awoken them with his cry. If he had, they gave no indication.
"Thank you, Lieutenant."
“Hang on,” Irene held up a finger. “Who do you think Holmes is sleeping with?”
“To sea,” he grinned as he thumped John on the back. “We’ll be back out there soon enough. And we’d love to have you back.”
Sherlock gazed down at the violin. Seeming resigned, he twisted the pegs and gave a few experimental plucks, right next to his ear. Then, as the current song ended, Sherlock lifted the instrument to his shoulder and launched into a song. Winter grinned at him and joined in with her flute, Wiggins sitting back to listen, the drum silent between his legs. After a moment though, as Sherlock seemed to find the tempo he desired, Wiggins joined in too.
, and being terrified to open it.
He and Irene were quiet for the next few minutes, though the former adjusted course on occasion in response to Ekene’s signaled instructions. The scattered crew around them grew more silent and tense as time passed. All now seemed poised on a precipice, on the edge of a blade. Everyone waited for a gust of wind to blow them forward, to push them into motion. But even the breeze filling their sails seemed quieter than usual, as if nature herself sensed the importance of their task.
“Are you alright?” John asked, voice husky.
Finally, as Irene’s sword swung around toward his chest, his hand spasmed without warning. His own weapon went sideways, just glancing off hers. And her sword slipped through his reach and came to rest, tip sharp even through his clothes, over his heart.
Sherlock stilled. “Sorry.”
It works. Sherlock looks up, suddenly much more animated. “You killed Sherrinford!” he growls, voice strained and using a tone John has heard before: that of complete and utter betrayal one can only feel at the hands of a beloved author. “You killed him off just like that, and James didn’t even get to say goodbye! I… I found it so unsatisfactory, I didn’t want to buy your next book.” He delivers the last sentence as if it should mortally wound John’s ego, but instead it makes him laugh.
And Mycroft was out of the country at the moment on some sort of consultation with an American agency as part of his first job with the British government. Had his brother been here in England, Sherlock felt certain he already would have intercepted the messages and intervened with ferocity. So there was no help from that quarter, not that Sherlock wanted any.
John could not decide if he should feel resentful at the allusion to belonging to the
(See the end of the chapter for
“What?”
Sherlock focused a bit too hard on stirring sugar into his tea as he nodded.
“How much, Sherlock? One half? Less?”
Sherlock eye-rolled aggressively. “Please. I would be disguised.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” he asked quietly.
do you want, Irene?” Sherlock growled. His voice was gravelly and almost indecently low. John shivered, and Sherlock flicked an amused glance at him, as if he knew precisely the effect he had just had on John.
“Gentlemen.” Sherlock’s hands were clasped behind his back, and his eyes darted between John and Ekene. “Everything alright here?”
“Still, Sherlock, that’s amazing, how you figured all that out.”
“Sherlock,” he said, sounding startled.
John, however, watched Sherlock. He had hardly seen him in the past days, having avoided him as best he could since their argument. The captain, in turn, had stopped seeking John out. Now, after days of determined not-looking, John was struck once again by the pirate’s striking features, his melodious voice. But all that was as nothing to the shock John felt as Sherlock turned from Sebastian to look at the wounded girl lying sprawled on the wood before him.
His irises sparkled like the waves the ocean beyond them, the shades of blue and green and grey matching the seascape almost exactly. John was so distracted that several moments passed before he realized Sherlock had spoken to him.
“So what about you?” he asked, desperate to finally shift the subject off of himself. “Why did it take you so long to return?” Indeed, the
So John eats alone, trying to get some reading done at the same time. But his mind keeps drifting to Sherlock, locked away in this strange bad mood. He shouldn’t feel that way, John keeps thinking. It’s the eve of his graduation from uni. He’ll be a graduate chemist after tomorrow. What could be wrong?
Sherlock swallows but doesn’t correct him. Moriarty still has not moved his hand off his arm. “Yes, well, I’m sorry to cut this conversation short, but I’m afraid I have somewhere to be…”
Sherlock nodded. “I’m afraid so. But that puts us in a unique position. Not only do I know their route, leadership, and favourite ports, we now have a group of men together who have had dealings, so to speak, with the NOTP and have eyewitness proof of their crimes. Thus, we have a good chance of destroying them at last.”
A few hours later, Sherlock darted out of the pub, huffing and arranging his hair back into its proper place. He’d just spent the evening in various venues, scoping out the patrons for someone suitably attractive and intelligent. So far, the entire population of every pub, restaurant, and club could be divided into three categories: handsome but idiotic, quiet but boring, or too drunk to have any other distinguishing features.
“Hi, Daddy.” She turned her attention to the spoon Sherlock had set in front of her, tapping it on the arm of her chair.
“Show you not to be such a grammar snob,” he growls with a grin, a mere hairsbreadth from the other man’s skin.
“Absolutely,” John nodded. “Victor and I both saw.”
“What was that?” Moriarty asked sharply.
Sherlock glanced at him. “I do.”
He could deal with this himself.
“John!” Sherlock’s whisper was loud and harsh. “Please…”
John lets out a soft groan and kisses him. They fall silent then, soaking in each other — and Sherlock soaking in the fact he said all that, and nothing terrible happened.
“John,” he says against his lips, “I’m falling for you too.”
I smirked “You always ask the wrong questions; the right question is who did it.” John rolled his eyes
It had taken a month; but I found John and I met before classes, during lunch and waited for our siblings to pick us up after school. Loathe to admit it even if only to myself, I was trying to impress John.
I couldn’t be bothered to listen in any of my morning classes and instead spent my day deducing my fellow classmates. I’d long since deduced my instructor and beside owning to many cats nothing in her life was of any interest. My note books were filled with hastily scribbled deductions I could later tell John. Though admittedly I didn’t know how interested he’d be in Donavon possibly being pregnant and who the culprit was, most likely Anderson but I would need more proof for John to be impressed.
“John, hold me” I am selfish by nature though and I will take all that I can have before I leave.
“I don’t think we should ignore him”
When the final bell for lunch rang I darted out of the classroom ignoring the papers being passed out, I surely had points knocked off for forgetting to do something the teacher had said instead of bothering to write on the homework.
With a plan in motion, they both sat in the relative dark and waited till they heard the door to the office open and click shut.
“At least the kitchen serves better food now.” John grinned again
“WHERE IS JOHN!” I shouted down the line.
I couldn’t, I wouldn’t, I may have exaggerated to Harry though… I only have the barest of notions as to where John is, no clue as to what floor or class room he actually resides in.
John shook his head, though his cheeks heated. “No. He and I never… did anything. I think we might have someday, but… it never felt like the right time or the right situation.”
Moriarty did not react for a moment, but then rolled his eyes.
John’s heart takes a sharp plummet into the pavement. “Oh.”
“Whose elections? Theirs or ours?” John asks. “Actually, never mind. Probably best I don’t know too many details.”
Sherlock had just entered the flat when he felt his phone buzz in his pocket. He tugged it out and frowned when he saw the name lighting up the screen: Janine. Curious, he thumbed open the message from his acquaintance-maybe-friend. What was she up to now?
He chuckles, and notices John looking at him quizzically. He shakes his head, smiling. John grins back.
He swallows. “Yes.”
. “This is…” he shakes his head, apparently too amazed for words.
“Erm, yes. The internet had many interesting ideas about apologizing to one's lover after a fight. These were the less absurd options. Besides, I... I wasn't sure my presence alone would be persuasive enough. Hence, flowers.”
“Not always!”
“Sometimes,” John is now stirring something in a pot. “Sometimes I just sit down at the laptop and the words rush out of me unplanned. All I can do those times is make sure my fingers keep up with my brain. But those are the best writing days. Other times it starts like what you’re looking at, all notes and half-formed ideas. I can usually cobble together a loose plot from that. Course, multiple drafts later, the stories often don’t resemble my notes at all.”
She slides her phone away. “Anyway, sorry to hold you up after class. I just, you know, wanted to make sure I wasn’t mad for thinking there was something odd about this.”
He pulls back, ignoring Sherlock’s small whine of protest, and pulls him toward the bedroom. He rummages in the back of the closet and pulls out a box wrapped in cheerful green paper, which he offers to Sherlock. “Here.”
He can’t wait to hug Sherlock.
“I’ve just been busy Sherlock,” he continued, still speaking much louder than Sherlock was. “But you could have texted me! It’s not like I don’t check my phone throughout the day! You could have said you needed to tell me something! You shouldn’t have pretended everything was fine! I don’t understand why you kept quiet!”
Sherlock released a long, shaky breath and nodded. “Y-you’re a good kisser,” he said, voice husky.
“Move!” John yelled over the noise. “Move aft!”
He loves John, and he has never said so. If John loves him in return, he has never said so.
“Hi, what’s your name?” John asks him at last, when Sherlock reaches the front of the line. The author hasn’t looked up at his face yet, focused on the copy of
"Sebastian Moran," Sherlock growled.
“You really want this?”
John grins. “You sure?” he asks teasingly.
And what was Sherlock going to do about it? More than that, what
His voice was a little hoarse, still a little sleepy. The sound of it made John open his eyes. One  side of Sherlock’s face partially hidden by the pillow, his hair was a disaster, and there was the ghost of stubble on his cheek.
Sherlock started to go, then paused, and looked at John over his shoulder. “Will you come with me?”
, John.”
“Yeah, once the seminar ended, a few of my particularly loyal… well, students, I suppose you could say, lobbied me to form this. So now, we meet every week to exchange drafts, discuss things. Usually I do a bit of a talk about some topic at first, then we all critique each other’s writings. I get paid for that too, and the uni usually has me do a seminar at least once every other term or so.”
“And I warn you, Sebastian,” his voice dropped to its deepest rumbling growl yet. “If I see you again, if you come near any of my crew, I will ensure that you regret I did not kill you right here on this deck.”
run out. As it happened, he only had done the latter. Much more dignified.
She shrugged. “I know.” Then leaning close enough for only Irene and John to hear, she added in a whisper, “I just think it’d be fun to beat him again.”
That coaxes a laugh out of Sherlock, eyes sparkling in the dim light. “That would be an honor,” he grins. “But perhaps you could keep me inside?”
, a small voice reminded John. A voice that was growing louder by the moment.
Kitty preens. “Thanks, John. What did you think about the fishing scene, though?”
“Darling!” Margaret rushes forward, pulling her younger child into her arms. “Oh, darling, I’m so proud of you!”
He trailed off, but Sherlock’s eyes widened. He seized Wiggins by the shoulder.
What was going on?
Sherlock shrugs, as if it somehow is not a bother to deal with this torn object—John won’t even call it bag anymore, now that it’s closer and he can see how sad it is. “I haven’t got around to replacing it.”
was being boarded.
Startled, John laughs, and even Sherlock’s lips twitch. “I’ll consider that next time,” John says, approaching again. This time, Sherlock lets him, meeting him halfway and slipping his arms around John’s waist.
“As did I,” he breathes, almost soft enough to be lost in the pattering raindrops on the awning above them.
Months now, he’d been on board this ship, as its captain, fully free of his past.
His voice has trailed off to a whisper, his expression soft and defeated. “I don’t have friends, John. I’ve never needed friends, or relationships. For the longest time, I wasn’t interested, because all I saw was how cruel the world could be. And by the time I finally came around, by the time my loneliness made me think I needed to at least
“Oh, actually, in a couple minutes.” John sounds apologetic. “I’m sorry, I’d better go.”
“Morning!” Mrs. Hudson says brightly, entering the room with a tray of bacon, butter, marmalade, and scones dotted with sultanas. She spots John and beams at him, seeming unsurprised at his presence. “I just thought I’d bring up some breakfast.”
"No, it's alright," Sherlock smiled in response to John's worry, though he felt a clenching in his stomach at the look on the shorter boy's face. "Let's go."
So was it a pirate vessel?
He lifts his head and turns to see John watching him from the kitchen, lips curled upward in a warm smile.
John rolls over with a sigh and swings his legs over the side of the bed. Surprising Sherlock with a cup of tea sounds like a good idea, so John finds a soft burgundy dressing gown draped over a chair and proceeds into the kitchen, shrugging it on. He puts the kettle on to boil and glances into the sitting room, intrigued. And so he examines the space where Sherlock lives for the first time.
Moriarty’s grin widened. “Not just yet, Sherl. Now, you listen to me.”
Then, as one, several figures let the sails unfurl in a massive swell. As the fabric filled up with wind, the entire vessel swayed, as if it were sentient and knew that the time to depart neared.
with you and your lips to block out the pain.
’s gunpowder, and the hull had exploded in flames. The damaged vessel, now beginning to tilt at a dangerous angle in the water, creaked and groaned.
“How old were you?” John whispered.
She worked silently through the lab procedure, ignoring her partner whose nose was predictably buried in her phone.
“Goodbye.” That captivating baritone uttered the word so softly that John almost could believe he had imagined it.
Sherlock chuckles, ducking his head. “Yes, I suppose. I was just a child when I thought I might study forensics. I thought that for years.”
“Well, your type is clearly brilliant, gorgeous writers. You could make sure you’ve got the choicest pick.”
“No. Sherlock, you were remembering a childhood friend you trusted and who was there for you when you had lost your parents. You wanted to get justice, and Victor seemed to support that.”
now?”
“But how could we have missed that?” Victor exclaimed. He eyes were wide in astonishment and excitement. “Their records must be cleverly manipulated, and any people who interact with other organizations must be proxies of the
abandoning ship via longboats. The sailors of the
Sherlock's phone pinged. "Hmm," he chuckled after glancing at the text. "Lestrade. Making sure you told me what he said and thanking me for the help."
, then Sholto’s, then Victor’s, then John’s.
Sherlock did not reply, and John felt irritation surge within him. “Sherlock, I’ve never heard of your so-called friend. I can’t help you.”
Mycroft certainly would think so, Sherlock fumed as he kicked at a small pebble in front of him and sent it skittering away into the street. His big brother, busy most hours with his new work with the British government, had still somehow managed to take the time to come visit Sherlock. Or rather, to threaten John, who had showed up on Sherlock’s doorstep one afternoon, fists clenched and equal amounts of irritation and fear etched all over his countenance. When Sherlock had asked what was the matter, John had explained how someone who claimed to be Sherlock’s worst enemy had told him to stay away if he knew what was good for him. Sherlock had laughed at first, until Mycroft pestered him the next few days about everything from the statement he had given to Lestrade about Sebastian Wilkes to if he and John were using protection. Sherlock had nearly flung his phone out the window after reading
“Good, come on then.” Sherlock begins to walk, then pauses and peers at John over his shoulder. John takes the hint and falls into step with him, slipping his fingers in between Sherlock’s.
And he tugged him down into another kiss. Sherlock hummed in pleasure against his lips and pulled him even closer.
John laughed as he leaped to his feet and offered the other man a hand. Sholto took it, the scar tissue on his left hand rough and ropy to the touch.
“Move aside!!!” police, it was police. The door was being kicked open, I was pushed on my ass, sitting on cool tile. Curses, so much noise… still couldn’t see John, please move your legs. I couldn’t see my John! Blood! So much blood, the officers were walking through it. Why was it so loud? John where is he… corner of the room officer leaning down, John. Relief... why is he covering his eyes? Why? Oh no, no, no!
The school bench John sat on creaked with the wind, I couldn’t keep eye contact shamefully I looked away. “It really wasn’t that impressive, you have a hospital bracelet on your wrist; it can’t be your sister in the hospital she dropped you off this morning and it’s not your dad because the fresh bruise around your neck.” Tears dripped down Johns rosy cheeks “amazing” he whispered.
“John why didn’t you get lunch?” I asked harshly embarrassed at how frazzled James had left me.
James was arrogant while John was patient.
College started up again and I sorta stopped posting ...Forgive me
“Where is John?” I demanded.
We did it! we are here, its the end.
“Horripilation,” a voice similar to John’s chimed in the back of my head, the medical cause for goosebumps.
“Ooh! Lost your patience, have you? Well let me treat you then. JOHNNY BOY! Scream for me would you?”
“No! Call them here! I know where John is.”
“I can’t let you choose him Sherlock, not after what you’ve told me.” John said with such fierce determination.
“Obviously, Sherlock lets go. I’m here now so you can ditch the idiot.” James huffed turning around to walk further into the school down the hall.
I Blushed embarrassed but unable to be anything but happy alongside John “how was I supposed to know it was a natural dye if you wouldn’t even let me touch it!”
The school? Feasible, but why bother leaving? Would John have stayed here all night? It would certainly explain how he’d kept his attendance records up while apparently not going home last night.
“Feel free to choose a seat” the teacher dismissed, I suddenly regretted forcing everyone away from me because now the only empty seats were directly next to me. I should have endured Sally’s spit balls and Molly’s pinning.
“Where is he Sherlock? Look what hes done to me!”
“I’m in here Sherlock, don’t be rude.” Johns laughter broke into coughs, it didn’t matter. John! My beautiful John. He was here, and everything was okay now.
“Quite, and do call me Moriarty. Throwing my parents name around gives me an edge in this pompous school.”
“Doesn’t even bother to help you! She runs and hides and gets intoxicated and lets you suffer. She’s not worth staying for, she doesn’t stay for you!” Tears sprung to his eyes and a part of me wanted to stop wanted to comfort him, hold his hand like I had the last time I saw him cry.
It was clear Moriarty had John, but would he attend the beatings himself? Easy enough to answer, call Moriarty. He picked up on the second ring.
“Shut up! Where’s John?” I shouted frantic
He whipped the bloody hand he’d been offering me on his dirtied trousers and proceeded to walk down the hall, if not for the limp I would ‘almost’ be impressed by him. Alas I was annoyed that he had yet again managed to surprise me.
“SHUT UP! What is there to see in someone like you anyway!”
John Took a deep shuddering sigh, shifting my hands that still clasped the arms of his sweater sleeves. “What happened to me?” John asked brow furrowed clearly not wanting me to know but trying to help me focus. I shouldn’t, I knew but I couldn’t ever say no to John.
My focus was slipping, more of my time spent away from Moriarty’s side and next to rugby lockers hoping to hear tidbits about John. Until I found out he dropped out of rugby, the team was devastated. The locker room chatter was filled with "...But he was lined up to play varsity in high school!" and "...One day he’d told the couch he didn’t have the time to play anymore, can you believe that! just walking up to coach and quitting."
“Sorry, do you know Sherlock?”
“If you want to make your mug look better all you need to do is stop getting punched in the face”
This feels a bit desperate, but, I think it would help me a lot if I had at least one beta reader.
Silence. The phone call shut off, the white numbers indicating a call time of 3 minutes and 26 seconds. That was all that remained as my mind replayed John’s hollow screams, again and again.
“It would be a shorter list to tell you what isn’t damaged”
“I don’t know where John is.” Harry growled at my response pulling me by my jacket lapels outside.
Sherlock had never tried so hard to do, well anything before. Yet he found himself dedicating time and brain power into cheering John up after his mother unfortunate demise.
“Sherlock… mate?” I flinched as someone touched my shoulder, John. His eyes shown blue and murky with confusion wrinkles bunching above his nose, I wanted to smooth the wrinkles back out again.
My left hand started to tremble, and I shoved my traitor hands into my pockets.
“Why hello Sherlock, I’m hurt you didn’t stay in contact with me after I moved.” James grinned sitting in the seat next to me.
“I WANT AN ANSWER JOHNNNY!”
“Obvious, the office is always empty during lunch so whoever comes here and enters the office supply closet is the perpetrator. The next step is easy, we catch them as they leave the office supply closet.”
Lying, I am lying to John, but its not the first time and hopefully not the last. I had lied about Sarah in History class liking him, I had lied about Mycroft making me an extra lunch on school field trips. And now I lied about my soon to be association with James Moriarty.
this has plot!!!! and fluff!!!!
“I’m pretty impressed you’ve lasted this long what has it been two, three weeks?” more laughter
“It started as business meeting play dates. James, Carl, and I all come from a scholarly prenatal upbringing, so we where lumped together in bland out of the way offices while our parents sat in and directed conferences. It wasn’t bad at first, I would typically read while James would best Carl at chess or some such other. It was annoying the endless taunting and embarrassment James made Carl suffer through but beside being a noisy nuisance, it hardly affected me. One day James insisted I play him a match of chess, I was determined not to be the brunt of James’ mockery and tied with him after a 45-minute game. It was in that moment I earned James respect which is precisely what I had wanted and would later learn the price his respect came with. Things changed after that James expected me to go along with his childish antics of bullying Carl and while I took great effort to not actively participate in Carl's abuse I by no means tried to stop or deter any of it. It’s an excuse I know, but it was around that time that I had first become the victim of my own play grounds bully's. The last thing I wanted was to be harassed at my parents bi-monthly work functions. We were at the Four Seasons Hotel; our parents had left us behind together confident in our ability to watch ourselves or at least be caught by the numerous hotel staff. James wanted to sneak into the indoor pool that was closed. Carl begged not to, he couldn’t swim. Just another inadequacy James could add to the already very long list. I had just learned to lock pick, I had been practicing on Mycroft’s door. We got in no problem, I didn’t even leave any scratches on the lock… I was so proud. James pushed Carl into the tarp covered pool and just watched as Carl struggled. Carl just kept wrapping himself in the tarp until we couldn’t see him anymore, but we could hear him. The wet slaps of his arms against the water, the chocked off gargling shouts for help…”
“You’re struggling in Adv. Chemistry, your studying the subject more than any of the other students and you haven’t even bothered to start your English paper”
“What are you?” John’s voice for the first time, doesn’t sound like slurred confidence, instead laced with fear and pain.  O’ please no! OPEN DOOR PLEASE!
It was easy to deduce, Johns father was the root cause of John’s Mothers demise. Most likely he had given her aids and struck his very innocent son out of the blinding guilt.
The rubber of my shoes slaps loudly against the tile, echoing along with the sounds of laughter and harsh grunts. Noise reverberating and shaking my ribs the closer I get. Suddenly the clatter of metal on tile, the wet sound of flesh hitting flesh the drip of fluid the grunts of pain and peels of…
This was supposed to be the last chapter until I realized how extensively long it would be if I didn't cut it up into two parts.
A vague scuffling noise could be heard at the bottom of the stairwell as I opened the stairwell door. Reaching the white walled basement littered with closed white doors poorly labelled with black bold print.
James must have found my answer sufficient as he smiled. “I’m sure you were very caught up in the samples I left for you.”
“young sir…”
Much to my displeasure I still after all these months, caught John reading medical texts. Commonly when the bruises where particularly bad or his sister was to hungover to drive him to school.
Johns bruises got worse, his father must be spiraling or perhaps a dark voice in my head whispered, this was the price John had to pay for a weekend away. By all accounts John was quitter. He still got top marks in class, his teachers poorly locked desks tops offered proof of that. But the rumors, spoke of how John no longer raised his hand to answer. The charming warm boy I adore was fading with no one to draw him out and away from his abusive home.
Almost immediately, his anger from the previous night flooded back in force. Flashes of memory appeared before him—lightning lancing across the sky, Sherlock standing strong and beautiful and terrible at the helm, the Dutch ship sinking, sinking, sinking…
Finally, Sherlock spoke. His voice was hard, cold. “I will not apologize for this, John,” he said. “It is decided; I will do this.” And he moved away.
— but he finds the idea of hearing it spoken aloud rather compelling.
“Okay, okay, let me get the light, you darling, ridiculous octopus,” John laughs as he struggles to roll over.
Not much actual plotty action in this one, but I hope the snogging and cuddles make up for it! :)
John cleared his throat. Oh God, was this the worst plan he had ever had?
John stared back. “Sherlock,” he whispered.
Sherlock blinked. "What?"
John chuckled. “Bloody brilliant, actually. And you? You’re with a Royal Navy sailor.”
John’s eyes widen, and his lips part. “What are you doing?”
That’s right. The Tube, the killer, the stab wound in his side.
John froze. For an instant, they stared, each finally taking in the words the other had been saying. Sherlock felt his chest heaving again, and the prickle in his eyes had returned, stronger this time.
“Who is it? What does it say?” the other man asked.
And... they are all John’s.
“John,” Sherlock said, drawing his gaze back. “What other option is there?”
“But-!” the girl spluttered. She looked at Molly with wide eyes, but Molly didn't move to defend her.
Getting this one out much later than I wanted, but it's been busy 'round here!
“Not for my new books, but sometimes I’ll write a quick something as an example. On occasion I’ll show them an old draft, but that’s rare. You got the royal tour the other day, looking at my notebook.”
Sherlock stills, and John glances at him. His eyes are wide and gleaming with an avid enthusiasm. “I don’t believe there’s a way for me to agree emphatically enough,” he breathes, voice quivering with barely suppressed excitement.
He turned his head to find John raising his eyebrows at him, a smirk tugging at the corners of his lips. “Oh, really? And what were you planning on doing, then, gorgeous?”
“You didn't text me?”
“You’re sexy,” John holds up a finger with each item in his list. (Yes, he is definitely still inebriated; he only calls Sherlock “sexy” after having at least two drinks.) “You’re a total genius, you’re pretty, you like my books, you write poetry…”
“I know I’ve only known you a couple months, but—”
“Well, yeah.” John feels an absurd surge of butterflies. What, is he sixteen again? “If you want.” After a moment, he manages to muster a bit of his signature Watson charm and levels it at Sherlock in the form of a knowing smirk. “But in the meantime, I’d like to show you off at dinner tonight or tomorrow night, if you’re amenable to one of those.”
If you've got time, please leave a comment and let me know how you felt about this story. Thank you thank you thank you for reading!
And he was gone. Sherlock and John stayed frozen for an instant before both rose in unison and moved forward.
John’s hand stilled on Sherlock’s back. When he spoke again, his voice was low. “You already knew about that?”
“Of course I do. I just-”
“I told you, I didn’t know you thought me dead!” Sherlock cried.
And John’s feet moved without his command.
In the morning, Sherlock wakes gradually. When he hears John get out of bed and the shower switch on, everything from the night before floods back. Those memories wake him fully. After they’d gone to bed, Sherlock had reached out tentatively to touch John’s waist, and John had reached back, pulling him close. As if he
“Just checking in,” Sherlock’s reply was soft, thoughtful.
“Don’t, John,” Sherlock says.
“Please,” Mycroft rolls his eyes. “Don’t be tiresome. From what I can tell, you are not unintelligent. Surely I need not spell out such a warning. Rather, I have a small request.”
John’s face heated as he stepped inside. “Not just now.”
John nods curtly back, then makes to stride back into the flat. At the last moment however, Mycroft speaks again.
But with each passing night, doubt intensified. What was he doing? This wasn’t him. He was Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective and self-proclaimed high-functioning sociopath, not lovesick attention-seeker. Janine’s inexplicable investment in his personal life had made a small part of him wonder… was he really missing something? How was he to truly understand the concept of
Actually being at  the Yard had presented a whole other set of issues. Firstly, John had been unaware Sherlock wanted to
“What’s wrong?”
Sherlock smirked and backed up enough for John to sit up again, fighting off his blush.
“Feeling better?” She flicked her long coppery-brown hair over her tanned shoulder. Her accent was unusual, not quite English. Something out of the West Indies, he suspected, though he had never asked.
“Erm…” John felt his cheeks heating.
How does he know so little after two entire months? Why?
“This is all your fault you know,” Sherlock tells the photo-John, glancing at the date on his phone. “Three days.” He shakes his head in self-deprecation (both at his words, and at the fact that he's talking to a picture).
“Have a good weekend.” Watson smiled, though something about it seemed strained. Perhaps Holmes' sudden appearance...?
“Hello, Mycroft,” he greets, nodding.
Sherlock snorts. “Why would I want to do that?”
“Oh, that. Obvious,” Sherlock smirks. “If he didn’t want me to bring it up, he really should have showered and changed clothes and hidden under a large cardboard box to talk to me, rather than coming straight here after getting off the plane.”
John, ignoring him, blows a kiss at the screen, then watches Sherlock expectantly. Sherlock, thoroughly glad no one is around to witness this, copies him. The euphoric smile that appears on John’s face, though, makes his embarrassment worth it.
“You alright?” John teased with a soft kiss to the man’s cheek.
Sherlock has no idea how he can be so self-effacing; he’s a published author, after all. Why shouldn’t he be the center of attention?
“It’s hard to believe we were on your ship just a few days ago,” Victor murmured.
John chuckled. “Not going to let me go?”
“Oh, but I wish you weren’t leaving, Watson,” Winter said as she turned to him. “I’ll miss you!”
“She's a woman! She's got no business fighting with the men!”
Sherlock huffs but doesn’t elaborate. Then, he speaks, “So why does he need your manuscript so soon? Isn’t it not to be published for over a year?”
to know, what John was about to say.
“John, please. We both know I’m the less forthcoming one. You’ve told me about your sister, and parts of your childhood. I deduced your parents were a bit of a sensitive subject, though, so I didn’t press.”
Molly giggled. “Sorry, John.”
“Sherlock,” John breathes, staring down at the notebook as if it’s some magical artifact.
Sherlock blinks. There is accusation, gentle, but still insistent, in John’s words. “You think I don’t trust you?” he asks.
John’s eyebrows lift, and an amused look plays across his features. “Just good? That’s it? That’s all I get?”
Greg jotted down a few notes, sighing, as the rest of the class was taken up with questions about the essay. Twelve pages, bloody hell. As if he didn’t have enough assignments already, at this time of year.
?” he put as much scathing derision into the last word as he possibly could.
Sighing, he sat down in Irene’s place and set to work. As he worked his fingers between the insane knots, he saw Irene and Sherlock standing near the stern. They were standing rather close together, John thought, and laughing together.
Sherlock scoffs at the same time Sholto does.
Although he is alone, Sherlock feels his face start to flame with heat. He bites his lip, and somehow during his efforts to reply with haste, ends up sending a rather absurd, fragmented response.
Sherlock couldn’t help the strangled sound he made then, nor could he stop the tear from escaping his eye and trickling down his cheek. “I don’t understand either,” he whispered.
“It’s my fight too,” John said. He stroked a thumb across Sherlock’s cheekbone. “Are we prepared? It’ll be a difficult battle.”
“I like your new protagonist. She’s quite savvy and capable, yet she doesn’t strike me as a Mary Sue. She’s rather impulsive, which I’m sure will backfire on her at some point in the future. As for the plot… it’s rather Hitchcockian, isn’t it?”
“Feels like home,” John admitted as he ran his fingers over the skull. Sherlock blinked, then smiled shyly.
“Well, alright, you did one thing wrong,” Lestrade conceded with a note of amusement in his voice now. “You shouldn’t have broken into my computer, but I’ll let it slide just this once. You’re right, it is for a good cause.”
Hours passed before John fell asleep in the crew’s quarters, the sound of his own name on Sherlock Holmes’ lips echoing in his mind over and over.
John blinked at him a moment, countenance caught between something like pity and something like fury.
“Dammit!” he scowled.
“Yes,” Sherlock whispers. “Someday. I won’t make you wait long.”
John, Sherlock, and Kitty leave the classroom and head down the corridor. Once outside, Kitty bids them goodbye and hurries off. John takes Sherlock’s hand as they make their way away from the university building toward the Tube.
“Fair enough,” John shrugged. He kicked Moran’s sword into the flames. “Burn here for all I care. Now, Irene, Winter… Let’s get off this ship.”
Ducking between combatants, he scoured the deck. A fallen sword, long and slim of blade, lay a few feet away, and he launched himself at it. Seizing it, he turned. Lestrade was still fighting, but John knew the man well enough by now to see by his movements that he was tiring and in pain.
He strode past John, the man with the gun following at a respectful distance. At the end of the mews, Mycroft turned and faced John again.
the one who left it there the night before. John seems to realize what he’s looking at and smirks.
“Finished,” he said.
He jerked the wheel so sharply that John lurched to the side as the ship tilted. Catching himself, he glared at Sherlock. But the pirate captain ignored him, staring ahead at Ekene. John’s gaze shifted, and saw the man give one final signal, a look of utter relief on his face.
John turns. “No! Go lie down!” He points a spatula back toward the bedroom, a gentle grin on his face.
“Would you fancy getting a coffee with me sometime?”
When she reached for Sherlock, he swept her into his arms, flew her about the flat, helped her onto a stool next to him in front of the microscope, plopped her onto her bed as she squealed with laughter. He told her about bees and flowers and natural cycles of change. He read to her, book after book after book, and John saw the voices he created for each character cementing in her mind as their
“I wasn’t gonna let you touch it! If it was mold it could have made you sick” John’s laughter ceased, and I feared his thoughts where straying to far so I added
Johns stomach insists on growling all lunch brake “Come to my house after school?” I ask hoping to feed John. John knows this ploy though and I have little faith he will say yes.
“You have to choose Sherlock, me or him? But know, if you choose him I won’t stop.” Stop? Stop what? What had he done!?!
Moriarty had lied about putting a stop to Johns daily school yard beatings. It was the only logical conclusion.
“Idiocy, Moriarty,” a new voice in the fold.
“Where you absent? No wonder my day wasn’t filled with tedious question and repetitive compliments” I said hoping he’d never stop
John flexed for every hit, yet never attempted to raise his arms or even try to defend himself. Why? Briefly I considered maybe John was just that stupid but no, he was top of their grade and from the beatings he clearly regularly received from his Dad; Apparent by the size of his bruises. He should at least know how to defend himself. Mysterious indeed…
“Its no fun beating the battered kid” Sebastian sneered, the crowed slowly dissipated seeming to agree with the moron “maybe John can help stitch you up, since he’s so used to doing it for himself” Sebastian said as a parting, making a crude gesture.
“… they didn’t rape him.”
“Both of us? what have you done with stoic Sherlock?” John laughed "I never thought you’d admit hunger” John continued to jest going so far as poking me in the ribs, a blush slowly creeping up my face. He was so close to me.
I had started a list of sorts, the differences between John and James; James always yelled or sang or shrieked. John shouted Three times by my count and always spoke in soft dulcet tones.
James was cruel where John was Kind.
It broke my heart to have his rage directed at me, but the affect was severely lessened by the crushing disparity that engulfed me at the sight of Johns fresh still bleeding  bruises. It was hard enough to gaze at the yellowing bruises of yesterdays late night beatings regularly doled out by his father. However, to know I was the reason his rosy lips were bloody and split, why his eye was a pallet of cool coolers sealed shut and puffy. I couldn’t have that, rather John be friendless then abused by another person he loved.
“Lets go retrieve lunch” I stood grabbing my bag
“Normally your right, but… I though you might still be mad at me and I wanted to smooth things over.”
“It’s the wrong shade of foundation for your skin, you stole your sisters and earned another punch from her in the process.” I frowned at the notion of the last of Johns living relatives both hitting him.
Sherlock grinned “A day you got to spend with me.”
The timeliness of this chapter is 110% due to my lovely editor rickyhorrorseyelash.
“Fine” …John does always manage to surprise me though. “But you have to tell me everything about The kid from earlier.” John eyes are serious. I’ve never told anyone everything about James. To my surprise there’s no hesitation “Yes.”
I smile unabashed, he looks beautiful the sun reflecting his freckles and making his wild hair glow. “It’s only fair, I’ve always known everything about you.”
“…at least, I get to know why. Your choosing him over me.” Three times I had heard John yell today. John hated yelling, he had shouted in my defense this morning at school and now twice in enmity at me. Only for it to end with hopeless resignation and soft tears welling in his eyes slowly wetting his bruised freckled cheeks.
“Its his fault! Dad wouldn’t hit me if John where home, he left for a whole weekend and the next week he started coming home already bruised. I, I … I thought dad was gonna kill him!!! an... and then, he just stopped blocking the hits half way through… and now he’s not coming home at all and God dads gonna do to me what he’s been doing to John. I need to find Him Sherlock! I, I can’t take Dads hits like John can. Dad will kill me!” She was sobbing, and hiccuping snot ran down her face as she begged for her little brother to martyr himself for her sake.
He had told me later that day that she had never truly recovered after giving birth to him and as she had grown more ill his father became more angry. Until eventually mum was in the hospital to frequently to stop dad from beating him.
“John! What do I do? You’re the medical expert not me, Please!” I whimpered clutching my friend. I knew likely there was nothing I could do but what if… and suddenly every poison and deathly allegory that was even vaguely related to my John symptoms ran through my mind.
Sherlock’s eyes gleamed with something between mischief and malice. “If we destroy the ship and its crew, the NOTP would likely crumble. No leaders, no corrupt operations.”
“Oh.” Sherlock blinked as John set down the cloth and alcohol and stepped past him. He stopped and glanced back.
"Well. Goodnight." Sherlock spun on his heel toward the helm.
“Not our intention, I assure you.”
The pirate looked down too, lips pressing together. “Our doctor, it seems, was killed in the struggle. We will endeavour, nonetheless, to tend to your injury.”
The door downstairs opening and closing made him jump. His mind kicked into gear without hesitation, as if he weren’t emotionally devastated. It wouldn’t be Mrs. Hudson; she was visiting her sister this week. And this person had used a key, so that meant, surely it had to mean... John was back.
“You’re… pecking,” Sherlock imitates the movement with his index fingers. “How the ruddy hell do you write novels like this? Aren’t you a twenty-first century man? Can’t you type?”
John gave a small shrug. “I don’t know…” He seemed to immediately realize the danger of that vague statement, though, for he sat up a bit straighter and looked Sherlock in the eye. “Don’t blow up the kitchen though. Nothing destructive.”
think we should go next?”
He smiled. “I trust you.”
“A good stock of sailors you have, Watson,” she chuckled. “A little prejudiced, but brave.”
Finally, after darkness has taken over the room entirely, John leans back. “Come to bed,” he murmurs from inches away and yet still in such a quiet voice that Sherlock nearly misses the words.
Sherlock watched, his eyes amused. “Lieutenant,” he began. “I fear I must ask you again. I need answers-”
His crew was good, most of them chosen with help from Lestrade. They would work well together on their travels.
Sherlock shifted closer, looming over John. “I was hoping for something far more substantial than bragging rights,” he said, voice low. He couldn’t help but glance down at John’s lips.
Again, his body smashed against the ship, and he cried out—a stream of bubbles burst from his mouth as his face screwed up from the pain. When he forced his eyes open, the water around him shone bright red.
“Well, not on purpose!”
John steps inside the foyer of 221, shivering. The early December chill feels as if it’s seeped into his bones, even during the short walk from the Tube station to the flat. He stomps his feet on the rug, and shakes a few droplets off his coat before hanging it up.
Sherlock’s shoulders slump. “You don’t understand.”
A few minutes pass with no response, and so Sherlock shoots off another message.
He should have known better than to think that.
The cry was taken up on all sides, even as the
“John,” Sherlock interrupted. He pulled back, though only far enough to look him in the eye. “You
“You met him yesterday,” Sherlock protests, though John notices him eyeing the scone in her hand. With him distracted like this, Mrs. Hudson shoots John a wink.
“Oi!” barks the voice of a man John had seen enter a while ago, and who had ignored him pointedly. “Watch it!”
John blinks. “I will,” he promises, and concludes that yes, she definitely reminds him of his gran.
The elevator seemed to take ages, but it probably only seemed that way because John was irritated, he rationalized. He took a breath.
“I know, I read the letter too.”
the books on bees.
“Maybe ask her to keep it to herself next time you see her,” she suggested.
John stilled, something like guilt seeping into his countenance. “Oh. Well, I meant to. But… I guess that means you won.”
“You wanted me to think we wanted the same thing, so you could, what, keep apprised of my investigation? But you were just a child when we met and when I told you about my desire to destroy the NOTP. Why would you, at such a young age, seek to mislead me. Why would you help a corrupt organization like that?”
“This book, Sherlock… I thought moving away from writing Sherrinford forever would be awful, you know? That change scared me, because I could always count on him. But now, with this new story, with Isabell, it’s… it’s so fun.”
"So..." John stammered, his ears turning red now too. "It was okay?"
Victor—or rather, Moriarty—grinned. “Oh, and I bet it pains you to say that, doesn’t it? It seems I have done my job rather well, then. Fooling both the Holmes brothers.”
“Where’s Sherlock?” John asked. “What’s going on?”
“‘Til our sails were in tatters,” the first man agreed.
"Breathless," he whispered. "I'd rather have you sound breathless from kissing me, John Watson."
“Perfect,” he smiled. “Take a seat. I’ll give it a quick read and we can talk about it. You’re not in a hurry, are you?”
They kiss for a few long moments in the middle of the room like that, until John feels Sherlock tense slightly. He pulls back.
Sherlock smirks. “You have my word.”
“Fine.”
Sherlock stares him down, trying to convince John without words to drop this subject, because he doesn’t think he can handle this. John just waits, gaze steady and earnest. And dammit, how can Sherlock refuse
Sherlock was gone.
“For our friends,” another man added, and they all nodded.
Janine bounced off that idea with one of her own — “He could be a thief! I could imagine him looking good in all black, stealing diamonds and rare art!”
“Irene!” Janine grinned. “Join us!”
“I don’t see how that’s any of your business.”
More specifically, he had a fleet of cannons to sabotage, and perhaps—if circumstances favoured him—a certain captain to face.
“Oh, shit, the tea,” he leaps up and makes for the mugs—
“Oh, never mind then, get out,” Sherlock dismissed, though John could see his teasing expression. John just shook his head and approached, draping his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders.
Then, the captain appeared, apparently having been below-decks. He skidded to a halt, and his eyes flashed across the scene, taking in the furious crew holding Sebastian down and the blood on the deck before landing on Winter.
“About your friend.”
“I forgot until, like, right now,” she said, holding her hands up defensively. Then, she glanced around as if to make sure no one was listening.
Sherlock blinks. Somehow, he is caught off guard by this. “Oh.”
“You sneaky, clever thing,” John says, shaking his head. He leans in and kisses him quickly on the lips. “Come on over here.”
“Monday,” Sherlock replied in amusement. He pecked John on the cheek.
Sherlock gulped, eyes still stinging. Sebastian snorted.
“Breathing?” she asked as she examined under his eyelids.
Sherlock shrugged. “As soon as I was able, I obtained a ship—not
“Sherlock, he’s stalking you.” John’s voice was almost a growl. “He followed us at the carnival, he admitted it himself, and now he knows where we live!”
“I’m not some helpless-” Sherlock began, but at that moment, a noise cut him off and closed off his throat.
“What is it?” Molly asked, eager. Watson made his way to the small, cramped bookshelf against the wall and started to flick through thin books. Academic journals, Molly suspected.
“Mmm.” Rosie looked satisfied, though far too calm about this groundbreaking development. She dug through her box of crayons, apparently oblivious to John’s pounding heart.
“Ready, Lieutenant?”
He was a captain. He was returning to the sea at long last.
“Drop the longboats!” he bellowed. “Abandon ship!”
John stuttered to a halt, his elevated heart rate seeming to have sent an awful lot of blood straight to his shoulder. He again fought off the urge to flinch and focused on glaring at Sherlock. However, to John’s surprise, the pirate did not appear angry. Instead, he simply blinked at John as though startled.
“Wait,” Sherlock cut him off, eliciting a raised eyebrow from the man. “You needn’t explain.”
“Isn’t it obvious?” Sherlock asks.
John emerged from the surgery four hours later—emergency appendectomy, never a dull moment in Bart’s A&E—and leaned against the wall to breathe. This shift was taking ages.
“Hmm, you're right... Well, the investigation will just have to continue another way then.”
?” he asked, resuming his rubbing of Sherlock's sides.
“Don’t you? I do, especially since you decided to make my private life
They giggle together for several moments, hands linked on the tabletop. John marvels at the way Sherlock laughs—rather quietly, looking down, as if afraid to be seen having a nice time. So John squeezes his fingers tighter, and hopes he can make that go away, given time. He’d love to see Sherlock laughing freely, without restraint.
shouldn’t be here either!” he gestured to her side, which was surely still bandaged beneath her clothes.
He broke off, eyes moving across John’s body. Once again, John felt vulnerable, as if the pirate were seeing things no one else could.
seemed to be on course, but with many days yet to travel before their arrival.
“Sherlock,” he breathed. “Come on, my darling, we have to go. Open your eyes for me, please.”
“They should not have,” John said in a firm voice. “I made the correct decision.”
“No,” Sherlock protested, but the sudden motion had left him light-headed. “No, please.”
?” Sherlock’s eyes flicked all over Victor, no doubt deducing and analyzing.
Sherlock meets his gaze, a twinge of dread coursing through him. “Yes?”
“Did it hurt?” the doctor asked. He smiled, and it made his deep blue eyes twinkle.
“Alright!” John cut her off. “I do not need to hear more.”
“This will sting,” he told James, then pressed the cloth to his wound.
He smiles up at her. “Thanks, Amber.”
John retrieved the cup of water he had procured earlier and helped the man take a sip. “I am Captain John Watson, British Royal Navy. This is the
Shaking her head, she headed off the ship with Winter. John waited, alone now but for the hands left behind to guard the ship.
“I wouldn’t go back,” he murmured. “I think for me, instead of a second chance or some backwards sort of progress, it would be a regression.”
“Interrogating me now, are you?”
Sherlock’s smile faded, though he nodded. John, heart sinking, sat up straighter. “Hey,” he said. “I’ll back off, if you want. This, what just happened, doesn’t have to happen again. I know I have a lot to make up for, a lot of trust to earn back. We can go at your pace.”
“About what? About whether or not to continue… this?”
Sherlock’s lip curled in a horrible expression, half-sneer, half-snarl. “I think you’ll find I can.”
“I emailed it, if that’s okay.”
John, on the other hand, seems to deal in emotions without any effort. No wonder his books touch people.
were escaping as well, many diving straight into the water or crashing their own longboats into the sea with abandon.
He practically throws himself across the table in his haste to get his notes back in hand. John watches, somewhat bewildered as he goes on about the biological fermentation of some compound (or something like that; John only comprehended every other word, if that). He watches Sherlock babble on, scrawling notes and then typing at the speed of light on his laptop.
“You handled it well,” he says some time later, feeling much more confident now that the conversation concerns a topic he knows so well. “Sherrinford’s feelings, how they were so conflicted. He was happy he was home, but upset about falling out with James. And he’s so… bad with people normally, so he doesn’t know how to handle this. But that conversation they had, after James defused the bomb, it was… good. They needed to talk about things.”
John interlaces their fingers and nods. “It is. He was being… unnecessarily assertive, though I don’t know why. I don’t blame you for defending your right to have an opinion on my books.”
You’ll notice that I didn’t choose to rhyme,
“Yes,” John replied. “How’s Winter?”
found the ship brought nearly to a standstill. The winds had died overnight to nothing, and the sails now hung limp. Overhead, the sun beat down in harsh rays, leading most people to take shelter in whatever shade they could find. The ship stood frozen, sentinel among the endless water, its crew alone but for the vastness of the sea.
However, the time for reminiscence had passed. John was beginning to stir, something Sherlock watched with fascination. He reveled in the fact that the first sound John would hear today was his voice.
“John,” Sherlock whispered. His forehead creased, his mind apparently working hard and quick. His fingers lifted as if to touch the mark, but stopped so close John could feel the air move by the wound. He held John’s gaze. “I fear this needs more treatment than we can provide.”
John was aghast. This man who had tended to his illness with such gentleness mere hours ago, who had held him in his arms and spoken tender words, condemning an entire crew to death?
“Here,” Sherlock extracted a bottle of amber liquid from a pocket. He took a quick swig, then proffered it to John.
Whoever this was, then, had seen him there. Well. He shook off the worry tugging at the back of his mind. There could be any number of people who’d seen him and recognized him. Dozens of people around Sherlock’s age had been there, and even if Sherlock hadn’t recognized them in the dark and the costumes, that did not necessarily mean they had not realized it was him. John often said he had a distinctive face, after all.
“Yes,” John nodded. “You did it.” He pressed another light kiss to Sherlock’s forehead. “You clever thing.”
“Of course I do,” John giggled. “How could I forget?”
“Right,” John laughs. “Anyway, leaving the King aside, I can’t afford to just live off the money I make off my novels. Most writers actually have other day jobs, believe it or not.”
John smiled. The pirate seemed fixated on saying his name, not that John would ever complain about such a thing. Sherlock could probably talk about anything, about tobacco or perfume or dead bodies, and John would still be riveted by that melodic voice.
“I just needed time, Sherlock,” Watson murmured. “I needed to think.”
“Then I reserve the right to not do so,” Sherlock says firmly, “right this second.”
Sherlock chuckled. “Long day?”
One by one, they nodded with varying degrees of reluctance and skepticism. As John strode away—it was the best he could hope for, he figured—Sholto joined him.
John learns many new things, and realizes something true about his own feelings.
“Sherlock!”
The next chapter will be up soon!
Obeying, I fall back onto the pillows,
“Shall we continue?” Sherlock asked. There was a sparkle in his eyes that made John worry the pirate knew exactly what John had been looking at.
And John’s heart fluttered as he reached out, took the ring from Sherlock’s hand, and held it out between them.
However, now that he strode across the deck, taking everything in, John noticed several people staring, some with looks of mistrust, others with mere curiosity. He nodded to a few, but was unsure who—if anyone—would be open to him approaching them.
His landlady gasps, her hand jumping up to her mouth as a grin appears there. “Oh, Sherlock, that's wonderful!”
“Go on then.” Sherlock brandishes a small box. His eyes are sparkling, and John bites down on a grin. Perhaps Sherlock has more Christmas spirit than he’s been letting on.
“Who knows?” John says casually, but Sherlock knows him well enough now to discern that he’s a bit nervous. “My signing’s at the same time as a few other events. Plus, there’s a couple of major authors speaking today, so…”
“You fought well, Irene tells me,” Sherlock was saying.
And Sherlock stayed there with John all around him, as his breath softened and slowed toward a sleeping rate as it brushed against his skin.
If only Sherlock were here. John would love to watch his reactions to things, to hear perhaps what he has to say about some of the stories. Still, he understands why the chemistry student didn’t come; sharing opinions on writing, let alone sharing the writing itself, with anyone, can be nerve wracking. John himself had been terrified to hear what people had to say about his first book, until the generally positive reviews came out. Sherlock, who seems unused to sharing his feelings, clearly does not have the same level of confidence as John’s writers.
“That's right.”
“I’ve been the most important asset on ten cases in eight weeks for the man,” Sherlock waved a dismissive hand. “He wouldn’t want to lose that. Besides, this is for a good cause.”
going to stand a chance against the
“Not at all. Now, come on,” Sholto says, “I’ll show you to where John is, but I need to go participate in a panel soon.”
Sherlock stiffened. A long moment passed during which neither of them moved. Then, with trembling fingers, Sherlock reached out, took the box in hand, and opened it.
“John?”
His introspection was interrupted by the sound of the door opening. Sherlock’s silhouette appeared, hesitating as he spotted John in his bed.
“Well,” Sherlock murmured. “I… I hope it continues to be the right time.”
“What do you want with me?” John asked.
“There is a difference,” Sherlock replied. “They kill innocents. Destroying them would be the precise opposite.”
He smiled and shuffled his feet a bit. These were even stranger circumstances than the last time they had met. “If there’s anything you need us to do, please let us know. I told them to follow your orders.”
“To what?” Sherlock prodded.
Sherlock always had been reserved, due to years of teasing in school. He’d learned to bottle up his feelings and deal with things on his own. Until John. For some magical, wonderful reason, Sherlock had opened up to John, within mere months of knowing him. Even after convincing himself he just might be a freak like everyone said, he let himself show John who he was. And for the entirety of their relationship, John had never stopped feeling grateful.
When he can bear the lack of air no longer, he pulls back, gasping. Sherlock continues to drop kisses onto John’s face and neck between his own rapid breaths. In response, John drags his fingers through that damn irresistible hair. He tilts his head back.
Sherlock couldn’t move as he listened to the footsteps, a familiar echoey cadence approaching. John appeared in the doorway, and his eyes alighted on Sherlock instantly.
“I do, and I like how you like it too.” John flashed a cheeky grin at him before returning to work. His other hand moved lower, landing on Sherlock’s chest. His thumb found a nipple, and he rubbed it through the fabric of Sherlock’s shirt. Sherlock made a whimpering sound, hands gripping hard on John’s hips, then sliding back to his backside.
“You weirdos talking about your pet obsession again?” another voice chipped in, and everyone looked around.
“Oh,” John breathed. “I’m sorry.”
But not yet, he reminded himself. They had a job to do first.
An incident on board the ship makes John re-evaluate things, especially the troublesome captain.
, which he regards thoughtfully. It’s more dog-eared and well-loved than the others, and out of curiosity he flips to the first folded page.
More surprising, perhaps, was that he had listened to Irene’s and Ekene’s summations of Sherlock’s character. Who had he, John Watson, become in these nine days? Listening to the opinions of pirates, tolerating their captain’s conversation?
Then, the spell of quiet was broken.
Sherlock chuckles. “Probably.”
“It’s a paper on the role of women on the trade routes between Europe and Asia. It’s not
“That’s okay.” John kisses his cheek. “Like I said, we’ve got all night.”
"Where did this come from?" Sherlock asked, trying to keep the pleading tone out of his voice. "We were having a perfectly good time earlier..."
Yes, he wants. He wants this arm around his shoulder, he wants those kisses they shared last night, and he wants...
Sherlock felt his chest tighten. He glanced around the library guardedly, hoping he would not see who he feared. No one appeared to be paying any attention, everyone near him too busy, too wrapped up in their own work. And nowhere was Sebastian. Perhaps he was just talking about Sherlock’s hair based off his memory of their encounter at the carnival. It didn’t necessarily mean he was watching Sherlock right now…
“Fire!” Moriarty screamed again, his movements ruthless as he and John fought. “Fire the cannons!”
I do not need you
John nods. “Well, I know you’re a brilliant chemist, but I think you’d be a brilliant detective too. You could be in any profession, and you’d be brilliant.”
“What?” John asked, shifting to see the injury.
Greg darted into Watson's class the following week, just a minute late.
, and picks up its sequel,
where it rests on his thighs. “I finished the book.”
“Good,” John nodded, scoffing. “Let’s get to Scotland Yard. I’m freezing.”
After John’s signing ended, he sat on a panel with a few other mystery writers. Sherlock didn’t have a ticket, but John snuck him in. So Sherlock got to spend ninety minutes watching John discussing writing, answering questions, and generally being handsome. Not that Sherlock is biased.
After a few minutes of companionable silence, John swallows a bite and opens his mouth to speak—to ask Sherlock about his life, his hopes and dreams and ambitions and how the hell his hair always looks so tempting and beautiful—when a voice interrupts him.
“I should get up,” he murmured. “Find some new clothes.” He had removed his torn and filthy shirt the previous night, knowing it was likely a lost cause. The trousers he still wore were not much better. He sat up and stretched, swinging his legs over the side of the bed.
Oh. Sherlock bites his lower lip. John was… checking him out?
“Coffee date. We’re fiances now, remember? We need to celebrate.”
He sends it, pauses, then sends off another.
“They would catch you,” John insisted. “You can’t do this. Besides, you need to rest! You’re weak and need to regain your strength-”
(See the end of the chapter for
“How did you find them, clever thing?” John asked, beaming at him.
cold floor and creaking boards under my feet,
and pulled out a tiny book. It contained his notes on cannons, his plan spelled out in a few deceptively simple sentences and diagrams. In the margin, scrawled as a visceral reminder of his goal, was a name. He had heard it mentioned several times from his sources all over the world, always whispered, never spoken. It was as if the owner of the name could hear; perhaps—given his influence—he truly could, somehow.
BOOM.
John obeyed, but just then, his hand spasmed. He growled in frustration; that had happened several times since the disastrous end to his duel with Irene the previous day. He wondered at the cause. Perhaps stress? Worry over Winter and his own injury? He did not know.
He entered the room further and looked guiltily at Molly, though she did not appear surprised at the reception. Instead, she handed him a needle and thread.
Watson let out a long breath, and again the chair shifted across the floor. “Listen… My parents are… I've always been their favourite. Harry and I have both known that for years. She's been a bit of a black sheep, and I... well, they're having a harder time wrapping their heads around my sexuality, since it's so new to them, and they've had this idea about me for so long... as the
, John wrapped Sherlock up in his arms, right there on the landing outside Rosie’s room.
Then, James’ fingers were there, lifting John’s chin so he had no choice but to look at the man. “Much of it is your talent, John. Do not be so humble when you have such natural abilities.”
Sherlock bit his lip, looking pleased as they moved to the center of the deck. “With pleasure, Captain Watson.”
Sherlock still just stared. He knew the status of his wound should matter, as well as that of the case, but as it was, those were the last things he cared about at the moment. “It’s really you?” He remembered the photo on the dating website, but… It hardly compared to the real life John.
“I know. I found your flag.” John shook his head. “To think we were so close to one another, all that time ago…”
Christmas morning, those thoughts seem far away when John rolls over with a yawn to find Sherlock already awake and gazing at him. They don’t stay at each other’s flats every night, but when they do, waking up is John’s favourite thing to do. Sleepy Sherlock is surprisingly cuddly and affectionate.
“I have my group tonight,” John says. “I was wondering if you wanted to come along?”
“Sorry about that,” he addressed Molly, feeling self-conscious now. “Would you like to stay and keep an eye on him?”
, enough to sink us but not to annihilate the crew. You did not shoot those in the water. Why? Sentiment. You are prone to it as well. You enjoy this game too much to rid yourself of me. You wanted me to see who you really are before killing me.”
... I promise later poems will be happier.
He pauses, swallowing. Sherlock watches, a little on guard still. “I’m sorry, by the way,” John says. “I shouldn’t have pushed you last night. I shouldn’t have dumped all this on you suddenly. I should have been better about talking with you the last two months. This is not all your fault; it’s mine too.”
John smiles, touched. It seems such an easy thing for her to say, though she has only heard about him from Sherlock. Yet she is certain, and she has that look in her eye so similar to her son’s —
He wanted so badly for that to be true.
“No,” John insisted. “You need help.”
“I have already divulged that. I desire information about my brother. It has been nearly three months since his last missive. I had hoped you were in contact with him.”
“Love you,” John says, kissing Sherlock’s forehead.
“It’s tolerable,” Sherlock smirked.
, the ship that had torn apart Sherlock’s life, destroyed the
, he still can hardly believe it. Together, fingers entwined, they continue down the street.
John’s chest constricted, and he pulled Sherlock into a hug. “I’m sorry it took me so long. But… it is reality, now. You don’t have to just dream about this. I
And the pirates boarded.
“Even after…” Sherlock swallowed, “everything that’s happened?”
She considered. “That’s a good idea.” She set down her now empty cup and slung the strap of her bag over her shoulder. “I guess I’m off. I’d better polish the draft before I go see him.”
Sherlock gazed at him, marveling silently at this boy. He looked so concerned and earnest and gentle, trying to be so careful and courteous.
He loses himself for a while in the science section, where there are several intriguing chemistry volumes, and a biography of Humphry Davy. He finds an empty chair nearby and settles in, reading quite contentedly for some time.
He doesn’t even make it half a block away before he hears John calling out behind him. “Sherlock! Wait a second!”
A pause. Molly crawled across the floor, snatching up pens, pencils, and highlighters as slowly as she dared. She knew she shouldn't be listening to this, but she was so curious... she would leave in a few minutes. Yes, if in three... (actually five was a nicer number) five minutes they were still talking, she would leave. Even if they had not confirmed their relationship. Holmes’ visit to Watson's office alone was suspicious enough to confirm things for Molly.
“When you pulled strings at university to ensure I got a private room, though I didn’t ask you to,
, actually.”
He stepped away and noticed Irene addressing several of her pirates. He suspected, from the way she gestured, adamant, that she was giving them much the same lecture about keeping the peace that he just had.
Sherlock shrugged. “So it’s over then?”
“You’re here,” John said, too amazed for any other words.
“No!” John cried. “You launched an unprovoked invasion of our ship and attacked the men on it. Your intention
John felt blood rush to his face. “Erm… Nothing
“Then why are you so upset?” Sherlock frowned, and he scanned up and down John’s body, obviously deducing. He bit his lip. “Is this about the Dutch ship still? Is that the real reason you are angry?”
This question pops up at the university’s holiday party, at a pub night with a group of John’s friends, and at a rather awkward lunch with Harry (thankfully sober, though John wondered if — hoped — it would last through the temptations of Christmas and New Year’s).
But that reaction sent a half-embarrassed giggle through Sherlock, and he bit his lip to contain it. However, soon both were giggling through their blushes. Sherlock ducked his head and hid it in the crook of John’s shoulder.
But Ekene had arrived, a compass in his hand. He leaned over the railing to watch the sea in front of them, flicking between the water and the compass. His fingers jabbed and stabbed the air with urgency, expression intense and determined. Sherlock turned and twitched the wheel in response to Ekene’s instructions, and John realized the man was guiding his captain around the reefs.
“What’s wrong?”
“What about the other ship?” Winter asked, dropping to the ground next to them. “We’re just going to leave them to die?”
Then, at nearly half past midnight, John sent him another message.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock murmured. His fingers tugged at John’s bandage. “I need to see your wound.”
Molly gave Greg an exasperated look. “The way Watson looks at him.”
And later than that — when Sherlock can’t even remember his own name as he clutches at John — when his heart is pounding as if he’s been running — the words trip out of his mouth again, in a hoarse gasp this time.
“Lieutenant John Watson,” he replied, a bit reluctant to give this man any information, but also not seeing another choice.
“I already know I do,” Sherlock says, without thinking. Then, he winces. What sort of insipid, sentimental drivel was that? However, if he’s honest, he doesn’t really mind.
“But…” Sherlock frowns. “You told me you’ve always loved books. Writing. You wrote your first original story as a youth. You’ve never once mentioned anything related to the military, in any context.”
“And everyone knows Watson’s on the championship team,” Janine added. “Kind of suspect, don’t you think? Molly’s and my theory is Holmes was there to watch Watson. Specifically, Watson in the rugby uniform. And who could blame him?”
He’s used the word “love.”
John blinked, surprised. He had not realized that might have been the true reason Sherlock had been on the deck. Certainly one of Sherlock’s own crew meant more to him than a guest who sailed with the British Royal Navy. Even with them being on better terms, his attentions to John were likely a mere courtesy.
They fell silent again, and Molly decided it was time to go. She was practically vibrating out of her own skin in excitement, anyway. So she darted down the hallway away from Watson's office, down the stairs, and out onto the pavement.
“John-”
Sherlock chuckles. “
And Sherlock felt, in that moment as John pulled him closer and sealed their lips, that he could have been content to drift away into nothingness, if only John and his brilliant smile came with him.
His voice was small and still a bit weak, a bit bashful. John slipped an arm around his shoulders and squeezed. “We’ll have plenty of time for more of that later.”
“I hope he is,” John said.
“And where did you go today? I thought you didn’t have class today. Or wait, what day is it? Tuesday?”
“I’m glad.”
But one of those breathers was not asleep.
“It’s called breakfast in bed for a reason.”
“Can I help with anything, Professor?”
Sherlock, the most fascinating person he has ever met. Sherlock, who seems so unused to attention and interest, but who has the most delightful, unique opinions. Sherlock, whose sharp wit and shy smiles are rapidly becoming two of John’s favorite things.
“Hi,” John says to him, straightening his spine. He glances down at the books in the man’s arms and understands—to an extent—what the angry man had meant: He is holding several, haphazardly piled. John realizes he must have dropped them when he’d run into the grump and had to snatch them up again quickly.
He wasn’t sure which part of him was stronger.
“Go to sleep,” he murmured as he attempted to smooth down Sherlock’s chaotic curls, both in an attempt to comfort Sherlock and to alleviate some of his own guilt. “You need to rest.” Sherlock just gave a vaguely assenting hum.
The Royal Navy seemed… different. Whenever John would visit London now, he would inevitably find himself pulled into yet another soiree put on by the admiralty. And more and more, they referenced the New Orient Trading Programme in conversations. John hardly knew what to make of such allusions, only that he feared many of the men he knew and respected were somehow beholden to that group.
In fact, he becomes more and more physically animated, which he unfortunately does not notice until he almost swats John in the face. John has to lean back quickly to avoid Sherlock’s ungainly, flailing limb.
“You didn’t tell me that,” Sherlock murmured.
“What did you do to the cannons?” Moriarty asked again.
Sherlock’s arms tightened around him, pulling him closer, and John followed him down.
Yet I remain silent in the palace halls
Sherlock finishes the draft of the poem in about half an hour, stretches, and then reads it over. At the last line, he freezes.
Sherlock fidgets with the strap of his bag. “Can it rightly be called a proposition when we’re in a committed relationship?”
“You think so?”
“Oh, I… Thank you.” He shoots John a glance as if to say
, is he?
John turns with a smile. “A bit. And it’s bloody cold.”
John smiles, affection for both Sherlock and for Mrs. Hudson welling up within him.
Apparently oblivious, John tugged Sherlock's shirt back on for him. "I can re-bandage it if you want," he said, meeting his gaze. There was the faintest trace of guilt in his eyes. Sherlock knew he felt awful for not having been there when Sebastian had arrived, though of course, how could either of them have known then what was going to happen?
However, with Sherlock, he doesn’t feel self-conscious. Sherlock feels as passionate about John’s writing as John does, and his observations and suggestions are detailed, thoughtful, and helpful. Certainly, he has some suggestions for improvement, but John finds that he loves every single one.
“Oh, fuck,” he whispered. Their rhythm had been slow up until this moment, and now as they both grew more desperate it shattered, becoming urgent and irregular. John shifted a little, and they moaned in unison.
, part 8 of How Novel.
, but as he opened his mouth, he saw Sherlock approaching from across the deck.
“No, but he’s mentioned me and where I work! You should have told me!”
That takes John by surprise. He flicks a glance at Sherlock, who has frozen. “Yeah, alright.”
“Oh!” Molly exclaimed, her face lighting up. “And there was that time Holmes got into a debate with a couple of blokes about rugby. I mean, he doesn’t seem like the sort of man to be interested in sports, does he? But he knew all about the inter-faculty rugby match that had happened the weekend before…”
“Of course, now he has the two of us to feed him up,” she continues, now ferreting about in one of Sherlock’s drawers for plates and knives.
Colin smiled, and Greg was suddenly struck by the flecks of gold in his hazel eyes. And he found himself smiling back.
He trails off, shuffling his feet and looking down. Maybe this was a bad plan…
John let out a choked laugh, cheeks going scarlet in a second. “I-”
Sherlock’s own eyes were wide in the light of the fire, his sharp cheekbones softened by the flickering gold. His lips parted a bit, breaths coming in harder than before.
John comprehended all this in the second the ship emerged from the fog, and reacted without thinking.
“Of course not,” Sherlock’s voice dripped mockery. “You only seemed rather annoyed yesterday upon seeing that I am, in fact, alive. Silly me, I must have been wrong. You are clearly delighted to see me.”
“What are we going to do?” John asked. “If her crew sees us-”
Somehow, without making a sound, the mysterious vessel had maneuvered alongside the
“I doubt they’ll change my mind,” Lestrade replied, in much more gentle a voice than John’s.
Sherlock felt a bowling ball-sized clump of dread fall into his stomach. Without a reply, he retreated.
The man was tall, taller than Greg Lestrade, but instead of short graying strands of hair like John’s captain, Holmes let his loose dark curls fall riotously around his face. He wore a shirt the color of pure amethyst with the top two buttons undone, sleek black trousers, and a brilliantly deep blue sash tied around his waist. He wore no hat, allowing his hair to be tousled by the wind. His skin was not as pale as John had thought last night, but was also not as tan as most sailors. Sherlock must have kept to the shade when he could. Beneath his close-fitting clothes, he seemed to possess tight, corded muscles. His gaze was fixed firmly on John, and those eyes…
“Still,” Sherlock murmurs. He bites his lip and peers up at John, suddenly feeling so self-conscious. John watches him, looking a little surprised and baffled. A small crease appears in his forehead to accompany that expression, and Sherlock fiercely shoves down the thought that
“Feel free,” John sounds at ease, enjoying himself. Sherlock feels a surge of shame; was he even missed? Has John even noticed or cared that he has been gone for such a long time? Sherlock really isn't having a stellar performance at this whole... dating thing. Assuming that is what this is, this time he and John have been spending together.
“Oh,” he says, not sure how to respond. Sherlock has never mentioned these school “scoundrels” before.
John sighed. “I…”
John grit his teeth. “Well, you won’t. Sherlock Holmes is… no longer a part of my life.”
John bit his lip, eyes wide with wonder and hope. “You forgive me?”
Greg grinned and shook his head. “Molls, when did we become so obsessed with this? I mean, why does it matter to us? Their private lives don't affect us.”
But Molly did not hear the rest of Holmes’ sentence. At the sound of the endearment, she had helpfully dropped everything that was in her hands, which happened to be the article Watson had given her, as well as her bag. The latter burst open, scattering paper everywhere. Her ancient pencil bag, the zipper permanently trapped half open, spilled its contents all across the empty corridor.
“And John Watson?” Sherlock prompted.
“Hey, lovely,” John says, and he too seizes Sherlock in a tight embrace.
But Sherlock darts forward again, grabbing John’s hand this time. His reward comes in the form of a surprised but pleased look from John—his
Sherlock sighed, long and deep. “Victim. Tell me, I need details.”
enfolding and holding with tenderness,
John sighs. “You know what I mean. When did you first get into chemistry? What do you want to do after uni? What do you want to do with your degree? What are your... you know, ambitions?”
“If anyone could…” she shrugged. Then, squeezing his shoulder, she departed. John approached Sherlock.
“Really?” She tore her gaze away from the article. “Thanks!”
John was starting to feel he might have been irrational. He groped frantically for a straw to grasp. “You… you could have left a letter somewhere. It feels as if… you gave up so easily.”
Yes, Sherlock would gladly live here.
“This wasn’t there yesterday,” Sherlock says, eyes going wide. He sits on the bed and places the box in his lap, fiddling with the bow.
, he realized. He staggered to his feet, swaying.
, everyone was taken. Or not interested, or I wasn’t interested in them. Or they lied.” He swallows, and John hates the implication that someone has broken his heart. But before he can speak, Sherlock continues, “It was too late, I thought. I… didn’t anticipate you.”
They glanced at one another, still thrown by being caught out like this. Sherlock couldn’t even muster any irritation at John for abandoning his guard duties through his surprise and fear.
Sherlock hesitates, then decides it might be best to go along with John's wishes. Especially since he might have just called Sherlock his
And Sherlock knew he couldn’t very well leave. So it would have to be the morning, he resolved, when it wasn’t warm and comfortable next to his John.
“Practice,” he said.
Relief made Sherlock’s eyes gleam. “As am I.”
They kissed a few moments longer, then broke apart and grinned at each other. Sherlock felt his heart leap. Who would have imagined that someone like him would have a boyfriend as wonderful as John, would be staring at him in such a sentimental manner? How quickly things could change. Only weeks ago, Sherlock would have scoffed at the idea of having anyone wanting to kiss him, let alone having anyone to call a
“Well, you’ve been a bit evasive on the phone,” Sebastian raised an eyebrow and stepped closer to Sherlock, eyeing him in a way that sent a shiver down Sherlock’s spine. “Didn’t want your little boyfriend seeing some compromising texts?”
Sherlock Holmes, leaning on the door frame, apparently had arrived without making a sound. He watched with keen eyes, flicking all over John’s form. John resisted the urge to squirm under the gaze.
But thoughts of assays and reports and phone-addicted lab partners flew out of Molly's mind as she exited the room. Her hand dropped to her pocket to tug out her own phone. She checked the time to make sure she wouldn't be interrupting a lecture, then called.
. John lowered him down, cradling his head in his lap. The surviving crew, many sporting wounds and dirtied faces, gathered around. Irene, Ekene, and Sholto stood nearest, and all eyes were fixed on Sherlock and John.
One last text arrived. Sherlock tilted the phone even farther away from Lestrade as he read it.
and lying on a rug
They all hurried off, and John spun around to face his friends again. Ekene was beaming, and Irene looked impressed.
Sebastian stood several hundred meters away across the street. He was facing their flat, eyes fixed on Sherlock and John. As they both stared, he lifted the cigarette in his fingers in a kind of mocking salute, then turned and walked away. Neither boy dared take their eyes off him until he had rounded the corner and disappeared.
John sighed and sat back. “What is it, dearest?”
Irene’s eyebrows retreated so high they nearly reached her hairline. Ekene laughed, hearty and genuine. “Me and
“What?” John pouted, looked denied and disappointed.
Their hands remain linked for the rest of the evening, until they are standing on the pavement outside, saying soft goodbyes and exchanging phone numbers.
“Come on,” Sebastian said, and this time, to add to the threat his hands were conveying, he reached into his pocket. From within it, he extracted a knife, which he flicked open and waved before Sherlock’s eyes. In response, Sherlock stepped back. He had to glance over his shoulder, however, to make sure he didn’t get too close to the edge of the roof again. Sebastian took the opportunity to seize him, the knife moving to the exposed skin of his neck. Sherlock stiffened, facing him.
