“Yeah,” the pilot says with an easy grin and musses Baby Bart’s hair. “Though I think you’re over estimating them. Redwing causes more trouble.”
something to him like that. And he started getting better, you know? He was still a mess, especially after every holiday when he had to go back home,”
“She was the one that taught me how to throw a punch. But anyway, I’m digressing. So there I was, being unceremoniously carried into the kitchen, kicking my little hobbit legs to make Jarvis let go of me when I see her. I swear to God, I just went
“My fault,” Tony croaks out. His eyes have that glassy unfocused look that Steve remembers from his panic attacks. He wonders if this is the same look Tony got in that bunker in Siberia when they met the Maximoff twins, he wonders if anyone would have noticed or if anyone would have cared. He has to bite his cheek to not curse at the unfairness of it all. “All those people died because of me. Because of my fear. I killed them, Steve, don’t you see? I killed them, and if there had been any way for anyone to shut me down before I made Ultron, everyone would have been fine. Tasha, Bruce… Charlie would still be alive if I hadn’t—“
“Stevie?” Bucky’s voice pulls him from where he was idly looking at the television. For whatever reason, they’ve got one of those gossip channels on. The text under it says something about a surprise visitor coming up later.
Steve. The partner who let him sit on his lap as they read and carded his fingers through his hair, lips pressed against Tony’s hair, as the genius read his poetry out loud. The man who brought him coffee during his work binges, and snorted before he laughed; the man who played fetch with the bots and helped Peter with his homework. The boy who drew Tony when he wasn’t looking and kissed him on each mole on his face and his collarbone, all thirty seven of them, as he was drifting off to sleep.
Natasha had found them in Wakanda; one day he had been walking around the market place, aimless going from stall to stall to see what the locals had to offer and feeling a pang in his chest every time something caught his attention.
Anger and disappointment flared up in his chest again, and he sullenly made his way into the kitchen. Clint and Cooper watched him slam cupboards and doors and serve himself a heaping plate of leftovers. He sat on the other side of the table, his expression clearly screaming to be left alone, as he shoveled food into his mouth. The boy and his father finished their own meal quickly before making a strategic retreat from the kitchen.
Rogers’s eyes are still locked on his, though they flitter briefly to the side when the sound of the doors opening and closing breaks the silence in the room, and then they’re right back to where they started. Tony wishes that he could drop his eyes, or that he could fidget with the seam of his shirt, but the part of his brain that hates showing weaknesses is screaming loudly at him to front. That voice sounds far too much like Howard Stark, and he hates that he still listens to it. He hates it even more than it’s become louder in the past few months; and absolutely loathes that the voice he’d fought so hard for, the one that insists that he’s doing some good in the world, has become as afraid as a younger Tony was of his father. He clenches his fists on top of thighs in an effort to not rub at the throbbing on his temples, and grits his teeth.
without you, Tony. It took us going at each other’s throat for me to realize that you, Tony,” the hands are back on his face. Steve’s thumbs trace the curve of his cheek gently, coaxing him to meet his eyes, and Tony wants to look away.
were still there with him. So as the point of light grows and grows, he can’t find it himself to regret the path that brought him here.
Lastly, for all of you who have *politely* and without pressuring have asked me about the Clint chapter, it's been very hard to write because a huge chunk of me wants to make him a total nonredeemable character, but... guys, it's Hawkass. I can't. I have to make him better than this. So all i can promise you at the moment is to try to work on it before i start school. Also, i might rearrange some chapters if need be so please bear with me.
I had the idea for this chapter for a very very long time. While I don't have any idea of how to finish this fic anymore, I took the time to re read it a couple of weeks ago, and I felt the need to write. I'm sorry if it's not great or anything but I'm quite happy that I managed to get another chapter in.
Lying alone in bed that night, he can’t help the hot tears tracking down his face. He hadn’t known that the pain he had known could get so much worse. Tony had always managed to exceed his expectations, though, so he supposes he shouldn’t be surprised about this. He had tried to convince himself that he was okay, for so long, about walking away. He had told himself that it was the right choice, that he was only hurting himself because he had known that there was nobody else for him
Peter was bright and shining and so damn cute. Even with the patchy little beard he was trying to get,
Natasha, who’d been having a very serious conversation with Lilly about the benefits of having her Barbie doll be a ballerina assassin or a teacher spy, turns to raise his eyebrow at him. Her lips press together to hide her amusement. “What happens when you swear in front of all of them?”
“Sorry, for those of us in the room who have no idea what’s going on, who are you?” Scott said through a mouthful of toast. Sam whacked him on the back of the head and said
Steve thought to himself. It was hard, though, when Tony got to his feet like a big cat ready to spring. His muscles coiled defensively and a look in his eyes that was assessing.
“I’ll kill him,” Bucky hisses, gearing up towards the door. Sam had grabbed his arm and pulled him back onto the couch. When the other man had insisted on going, Sam had only needed to send him a glare for him to calm down.
“Hungwy, ‘Teve,” the baby said with the cutest pout on his little face. Steve couldn’t help but lean down and give his nose a little eskimo kiss.
“It wasn’t me,” Tony said automatically and gave Laura his most angelic grin. Baby Nate giggled at him, and he thought
“Tony, who is Charlie?” It’s only because his eyes are roaming all over the other man’s face that he notices the immediate tension. A stranger wouldn’t have noticed because Tony is just that good. Less than five minutes ago he was breaking apart at the seams, and now there he stands. The futurist, the playboy, the genius… untouchable. God. “Please, don’t lie.”
“Tony,” Steve says from behind him before he can walk away. He turns, and the soldier looks both solemn and concerned. “You don’t have to. You don’t’ owe us anything,” his eyes go over his shoulder and glares at the man behind Tony
“Good morning, beloved,” Tony says back, like every morning, his fingers still tangled in his hair. And then, like always, he presses his mouth against Steve’s and asks, “you love me, real?”
, the only thing that he actually had at this point really, but the words seem to be ripped out of his throat. The occupants in the room turn to look at him, and Tony suddenly becomes aware of just how rumpled he must look. “There’s… nine, languages, between us. I think.” He finishes lamely.
“But how many of those people find you alone and isolated, huh? How many of those people find you completely alone? Tony,” Steve grabs hold of his shoulders though he resists the urge to shake the other man. “What did she say to you?”
” Mrs. Keener’s and FRIDAY’s voices say at the same time. Maybe they’ve had these arguments too many times. It doesn’t stop them from glaring at each other through the screen.
“By then we would have had enough time for the amendments,” T’Challa says. The other side turns to look at him in confusion.
for Tony. For a while, it was unclear whether or not Tony would be able to stay with his siblings. For one, they were technically only half siblings, and secondly… well, there was really nobody to take them in. Susan’s family had cut ties with her when Natasha had been born, Tony was almost two at the time and his mother was still alive; her only connection had been Howard and even that had dwindled for a few years after Maria’s death before they finally decided to get together again. Though Tony hated his father, for hurting his mother and lying so many years, he had taken an immediate shine to Natasha. She’d been a chubby toddler and her big green eyes had got him hook, line, and sinker from the moment he met her. Fast forward a few years, and Susan had given him twin brothers too.
“It wasn’t him!” Steve screams, fingers grasping his hair tightly. He clenches his eyes shut and rocks himself back and forth. “I broke up with him. Just now.
“I’m afraid he’s not in the tower at the moment, Boss Lady,” the AI’s voice sounds humanly distressed.
“Yeah, okay,” Tony whispers into his hair. Then, because he’s never found anything that gives him quiet as much strength as this child in his arms does, he buries his head in the kid’s hair and begins.
“Why what?” Tony asked, one eyebrow raised sardonically at him. He was trying to wind him up, and Steve was surprised in himself that he could recognize it when before he would have jumped at the change to bite the other man’s throat. But there was something about having seen Tony at his most vulnerable, having seen him bite his tongue when he was being yelled at, that gave a man perspective. Tony didn’t react unless he was cornered, and this? Well, remembering their confrontation at the UN when Rhodes had brought him in, he couldn’t say he blamed him. Not when Steve had thrown his efforts back in his face so many times.
“Kree?” Nebula snaps, she had remained silent through their conversation but now her suspicion is in full force. She springs to her feet and places herself between Carol and Tony. His alarm bells ring shrilly in his head and he forces the gauntlet to form around his hand.
He’s half way through his drink when he realizes that these two won’t be ending the conversation any time soon, the kid non the line is barely describing the second repulsor blaster on his set because apparently they need to talk about legos in excruciating detail. Peter is not even halfway with his homework, which he usually finishes quickly, because he keeps getting distracted with just
A) if anyone out there still cares about this fic i am so sorry it has taken so long. I've been battling a terrible writer's block, the utter shit that is my job, college stuffs and my depression wrecking absolute havoc on me. This has literally taken months to write.
All of his alarms had been ringing since the Captain had all but ran out of the kitchen in search of a wayward genius. He had started the worried fussing about twenty five minutes after the kids had stormed out of the kitchen. Parker and the Harley boy to the lab for some “recon” as they called it, and his own oldest child had slammed his bowl on the sink and stormed away. Nate was already fussy before Steve even less, missing his uncle like crazy, and had become all but inconsolable from the moment Steve stepped away.
“Sorry, that never gets old,” Steve knows that he’s not sorry at all if the grin on his face is anything to go by, but he doesn’t mind. Not when there’s the solid, warmth weight of the man’s thigh pressed tightly next to him and the constant brush of their elbows as they eat in companionable silence. Tony’s fingers brush his as they grab their mugs, and Steve turns in time to see him hide his small smile on the rim of his cup. He can’t help but smile back and resolutely ignores Rhodes’s muttered “Really? Right in front of my cereal?”
“He said he’d be here,” she smiles one of her enigmatic smiles. “But he may have been, ah, detained.”
Because the world hadn’t seen it fit enough to just give him the heartache that Steve caused. No, it had to take more too.
“His mother spoke to me after that presentation at MIT where my prepubescent self made itself public,” Tony chuckles mirthlessly. Steve bites his tongue at his immediate thought of
Tony, but that Tony was different. Tony was bright and loving and bubbly and smart and capable, and he would find someone else. He would move on.
“Yeah,” Tony sighs over the phone. He’s back at his lab, listlessly poking at the sandwich that was left over from Peter’s visit. Butterfingers beeps at you chidingly, clearly reminding him that he had promised their baby genius that he would eat even if he wasn’t supervised. He takes a bite, pointedly in the direction of his traitor bots. You does a contented whirring noise, and Tony smiles. “Been for a few weeks now.”
Steve snaps, and then he makes a mistake. And Tony will look back at this and realize this is the moment when they’d fucked up. One step forward, and about a million steps back. Steve snaps at him, and he’s got that determined look on his face that says he’s not backing out, and then he steps forward. And Tony? Tony’s in a disadvantaged position, and his fucking genius brain makes the leap in a fraction of a second. The conditioning kicks in, as his brain does the math and runs through its different scenarios, and comes to the quick conclusion that
“He’s right, you know,” the king tells tony once there is quiet in the room again. The mechanic turns his eyes back to T’Challa but doesn’t say anything. “They owe you their freedom. Hell, they might even owe you their life.”
“I thought we’d agreed,” she bites out of the words, jerky movements. “No unnecessary risks. You check in—”
“Rhodes,” Steve chokes out. The guilt and the grief for a young boy he never met threatens to tear him in two. The reality of what keeping that secret from Tony hits him full force. He wants to defend himself, tell Rhodes that he hadnt know
was the one that was supposed to fix it. It’s why he’d taken her side, why he had started argument after argument with Tony when the genius didn’t drop by the compound. Why he always called her a kid and defended her mistakes. He always had caved before because he thought his hands were the safest, to keep her from harm, but that wasn’t really true, was it? Sure, he had kept her safe, but at what cost? He had been taking and taking and taking from Tony to pretend like she was faultless, like she had to be protected, like she was the only one that had been hurt. He only had to think about the raw pain and desperation in Tony’s voice when he spoke about his vision to cement his resolution.
“It is possible. Risky, but possible,” Thor says and he looks a little more relaxed when he looks at Bruce. Rhodes steps forward too, his eyes glued to the scientist with the type of desperation the devout look at their saints. Steve can relate.
right out of the room with it. Tony, he notices with an unreasonable sense of panic, is inching away from him. Without thinking, and even if he had he knows he would have done the same, he grabbed hold of the genius’s hand and threaded their fingers together on top of his thigh. Brown eyes blinked up at him in confusion, something like awe deep in them, but he didn’t try to pull it away. Steve let out a breath and turned to look at the entrance.
The thing with the Vulture shook him to his core, though, Tony knows exactly how that feels. That, combined with Tony’s lack of insight and attention when he needed him, something that he will always hate himself for, and the gaping hole in their family unit that never seems to close has shaken the poor kid up even more. With the arrival of Morgan, not that either Tony nor Peter would ever regret her, things have been more chaotic lately.
Clint begins the see the cracks then. The way one of Stark’s hands comes to rub at his chest. The way the other man’s sternum heaves like every breath is a struggle. The unhappy twist to his mouth. His eyes, what he’s famed for up and down SHIELD’s corridors, catch in the lines on the other man’s face and the deep circles under his eyes. He looks tired, so done with everything around him, and for a brief second Clint sees the years on Tony Stark’s face like never before.
“Why?” Tony asks quietly. It’s the only question that has been bouncing around his head for months. There are days when the need to know chokes him. Days when he wants to drown himself in booze so the curiosity doesn’t drive him mad. There are days when his anxiety attacks get worse and worse because he’s so caught up in that question.
“That was way before all of… this. Remember? Back then, they were still fa—“there’s a barely there hitch in Tony’s voice before he continues, but it tears Steve a part all the same. Family. “Friends. I had that panic attack because of me. You can’t blame them for something that is mine, Har. The—things—that happen inside my head are nobody’s fault. It’s something that I have to deal with, and calling you through that wasn’t fair. I had no right to scare you, or Peter, like that.”
Honestly, though, like between work and college and scholarship apps and playing "Horrible Things 45 Has Done/Enabled Today" daily times fly. I was trying to write the actual meeting, but that is HARD y'all, so here. Have some adorable protectiveness.
It’s not a lie, and even though it’s taken him this long to realize it, he knows that it is nothing but the truth. He could have made him happy as a poor student at nineteen standing in a college campus. At twenty four across the globe as a starting curator. Two years ago living in a tiny apartment with his friends. He could have made him happy then, and he could do so now, if only he chose to. He chose to be better for the both of them.
, something he’d wished for desperately through the whole of their acquaintance, and now that he has it… it’s so frail. This delicate, vulnerable thing Steve has given him.
When they get bored with that, Tony offers to get them one of the gaming consoles from the living room. Laura, and even Hope when Tony had talked to her, had expressed their preference for the children to limit their time with electronics. Being, essentially, a single mother for most of the year, Laura tended to let them watch television or play with their tablets during the day when she was busy. Being at Tony’s not only provided respite from that, but also a babysitter to entertain the children. However, they had allowed Tony the privilege of deciding whether he wanted to be the “cool uncle” who let them mess around with tech whenever they were at the compound, or if he followed their suggestion of providing them with more real life interaction. Tony had tried both, but had found that it was much better to let them get into things hands on and then answer their questions when they had them. Not only were they more aware of the real world, but they learned new things every time and so did Tony.
“Six years, in Midgardian terms,” Thor says evenly. There is something in his eyes none of them have ever seen before. It looks too much like hate. “By my estimation, the Man of Iron has been warning about this very thing for six years. Nobody listened. Now, here we are.” His eyes turn to Steve, it’s eerie to watch, but he can’t look away. This isn’t the jovial Thor they all know, this might not even be the Thor that existed before his banishment, this is new. This… Steve remembers seeing this kind of look before. It’s the eyes of a man who came out of a cave in Afghanistan with a hole in his chest, a mortal who fell from the sky in a tin can… this Thor is different in a way that looks familiar.
Steve loves his friends, he really does, but being around them too much gets the wound in his heart bleeding like nothing else can. Sam and Bucky are perfect for each other, they had been from the very beginning, but seeing them happy and in love the way they look across from him at the booth on their weekly dinner makes him feel hollow inside. The space next to him feels as though it contains a ghost he never can ignore, and despite the fact that he had tried to fill it a couple of times in the past he has never found a suitable replacement. And maybe that’s where the problem is, that he’s trying to find a replacement of something that was too good, too pure, to ever get back. He’s been looking for someone to fill that hole, as if there’s any other person in the world that had the exact shape and dimensions of the one he left behind even though he knows there isn’t.
I've had a shitty couple months. and a horrible writer's block, but! I finally finished this chapter. Hopefull y'all won't have to wait too long for the next. For those of you out there still reading... Thank you for being one of the truly great things I sorely need at the moment. Enjoy!
Tony had been doing it alone for the past few months, after all. It was about time one of them began to repay in kind.
offering to be better for someone like the merchant of death. “And I know,” the soldier continues before the mechanic can interrupt again. “Tony, I pro—“
“Well, someone has to tell the captain how to get his head out of his ass,” Phil bites off on the other end. There’s another thud, and a gentle female cheer. Tasha is surprised at the vehemence of his tone. If anything, Phil has always been a Cap fan. It’s nice to know that it is not blind to the man’s faults; not to mention the fact that the agent has always had a soft spot for their resident genius.
“Guess I’ll see you later?” Tony said with uncertainty and Steve was quick to nod. He wanted to kiss him, but that was another thing they hadn’t really talked about. Just having his arm wrapped around him was a dead giveaway, but Steve wasn’t stupid enough to do anything else without permission. He didn’t want to risk another moment being soured because one or both of them wasn’t in the right headspace. So he contented himself with slowly dragging his arm away from the chair and giving Nate one last comforting stroke to his tiny back.
, shook him with as much rancor as he wanted thought his hands were shaking. “You’re so full of shit. What, you think you could act repentant and I’d forgive you? Poor little rich boy Tony just needs some attention! Poor little brat is such an idiot! Poor
“Shhhh,” Tony says against his hair as he rocks him. Cooper sniffles against him and buries himself a little deeper, hiding his eyes. “Coop,” Tony says softly once the kid has calmed down. He runs gentle fingers through the boy’s hair. “Listen to me, because I’m about to tell you something very important. Your father loves you. Shhh, listen,” he says again and makes the boy look at him straight in the eye. “He loves you so damn much, Cooper, you and your sister and your baby brother and
to the blond rather than be chasing behind. It feels as though that’s what he’s been doing all his life is chasing behind the super soldier or standing behind him, right in his shadow. Even after he’d been thawed out and he was no longer just a legend, Tony had never quite felt like they were equal. While Steve had been accepted right into SHIELD, he was always at odds. He would have bet half his fortune that, had they had a need for a dossier on the soldier, the words selfish and textbook narcissism would have never made it anywhere near the soldier’s file. Hell, Steve had fought a war, had probably killed people, but he sure as hell would never had been given a moniker such as “the Merchant of Death.”
And because Steve’s timing is always so fucking great, once he begins to wonder these thoughts to himself, what little ground is left beneath his feet comes crumbling down. He’s out on a run on a Sunday morning, feet slapping against the damp pavement, when his phone vibrates with a notification. Then another. And another. And a whole barrage of them that annoy him enough to stop at a bench and check.
“Until the end of the line,” Tony said and watched, as if in slow motion, as those words sank into Steve and seemed to detonate. Already, the captain was shaking his head. “I didn’t—I should have known. You never promised me that, you never said that you’d
That damn video had shattered all of that. That damn video now had him turning with a sort of guilt he hasn’t felt in years. He had felt the guilt of breaking Tony’s heart for years, sure, but this was different. Now, after that video, he knows he did more than that. He didn’t trust that Tony loved him equally, he thought that… what? What had he thought? That Tony would move on then that was that? That Tony would forget him? Where did Steve get off on thinking that when he knew he himself wouldn’t move on from what they had? It was such a disservice to the man Tony was, even at seventeen, and he hates himself for it.
he thinks as he stares at the words. He doesn’t dare look at Tony, can’t bear to see the hatred and resentment on the other man’s face. Any anger of his own at how the mechanic had reacted to the truth, any misguided self-righteousness, vanishes in the face of the woman’s memory. He didn’t have to have met her, he’s done plenty of research on her, has heard Tony drunkenly ramble about his mother in the moments when Steve had been privy to his most vulnerable moments.
It feels as though it’s the first struck of luck for them in a long while because Phil Coulson turns out to be exactly who they need. He’s a no-nonsense type of guy that Steve feels as though will set Tony on edge, but he’s also soft-spoken and kind that allows Tony to relax. He meets with them separately at first, and every time Tony has to go in alone Steve worries and paces.
He hadn’t wanted to stay around Clint and Wanda, though, and had left the table soon after that. He’d been followed by Sam, and surprisingly, Barton’s oldest child. Cooper had thrown one glare at where his father had been nuzzling baby Nate’s fuzzy hair, and had loudly scraped his chair back. His mother recalled him, but he’d merely shaken his head and followed the two superheroes out of the green house. He hadn’t said a word to them, despite Sam’s efforts to get him to talk, and had gone running off as soon as they’d been back at the main compound and Friday had informed them of Tony and the others’ whereabouts.
“Rhodes,” he says again, pleadingly. He doesn’t want it to be true and he doesn’t want to let the little girl go in equal measure. She taps him on the cheek again and hums contentedly as he brings her up to her chest. “Rhodes, tell me—”
“Morning, Rhodey.” His eyes were for Tony, alone, though. From his profile, Steve could see the deep bags under his eyes and the lines around his eyes. He looked as exhausted as he had been last night, and considering he seemingly hadn’t managed to stay asleep after Steve had left the bed this morning, he wasn’t surprised.
“I still blame you for that,” Harley says with a groan. Tony smirks at their mandatory reference. The Unfortunate Case of the Dora the Explorer Watch had been a sore point between the three of them since Tony went to visit the Keeners after the Mandarin incident.
“Nothing,” Tony says fiercely into his hair, eyes shut tight. “There is absolutely nothing wrong with you, Peter. We’ll figure this out, okay? You and me, and the others. We will help you. We love you, bambino, so much. You hearing me?
Tony hauls him against his side and lets the boy bury his nose in his neck when he starts crying. He closes his eyes against the mop of brown hair and fights the tight wave of self-loathing as the kid falls apart in his arms. God fucking damn it. He wants to apologize for tearing his family apart so bad, he wants to go down on his knees and tell cooper how sorry he is that his stupidity brought his family down the way it did. What good would it do, though? What good is he falling apart next to the little boy? Cooper needs him to be the adult right now, and he has failed in so much more but by God and his mother and everything that he holds dear, he will not be another person that lets this kid down.
“No, Tony,” and his voice is so infinitely sad. Tony can merely stare at the devastated look in the other man’s face. The look that says,
“That’s not true, and you know it, Anthony,” T’Challa interjects quietly. The way he says it, irrationally, reminds Tony of Edwin Jarvis and he bites his tongue. “You and I both know that if none of you had signed it would have been infinitely worse for you all. Ross was out for blood; yours or theirs it wouldn’t have mattered. In lieu of Doctor Banner, any of his team would have sufficed. You, Mr. Stark, have a wonderful mind; the genius title, as you have often reminded the public, was not self-awarded. You saw through the good public servant persona of the General, and identified the threat within. You did what you thought was best, what you thought would damage the least amount of people. You tried to save them—“
” Peter jabs a finger at the Captain and any trace of hero worship is gone, “did to him then you’re nuts!”
“Living quarters location, activated,” the same coldly detached voice says again. Next thing they know, the coffee table has lit up with a schematic of the compound’s architecture. It makes Bucky jump back in surprise, and Natasha puts a hand on his shoulder to keep him in place. They all move forward to take a look at it.
Some of the graves were nothing more than symbols. Empty sites and monuments to keep their SHIELD legacy together. Howard had a smaller monument here, too, as a founder. So did Jarvis, a few ways away from his old boss and friend. Tony used to visit him once a week, before things had begun to pile so much on his shoulders that he hadn’t had time to look up and remember everything his fa—butler had taught him. He makes a mental note to come back to chat with J for a bit in the upcoming days; he doesn’t feel like he quite wants to share that much with Steve just yet. Not to mention the fact that he doesn’t think his old friend would be very much impressed with either one of them at the moment.
Steve feels the tension mounting and knows he has to find a way to stop them from saying anything they might regret. Harley is red faced and shaking; one hand gripping the nozzle of his potato gun tightly. Tony is grinding his teeth so hard Steve can
It was a rough year on all of them. Though Howard’s will came to ease a lot of the burden, and his wealth even more so, Jawwis and Ana still had to fight tooth and nail with every goddamn organization to keep them together. In the end, it worked out for the better, but Tony is ashamed to say he didn’t make it any easier on his adoptive parents. Though they were roughly the same age, they were a year and some months apart, Natasha had taken their loss better than he had.
what the suit is capable, if you’d wanted us dead? Really, truly hurt? We never would have made it out of that bunker. We
Tony is still at the compound a few weeks later, under pain of death from Natasha, when T’Challa brings the entourage. Tony is fiddling with his phone in the conference room, which should have been an obviously bad choice seeing as the last time they were all there Ross had been threatening them with the accords. Natasha is standing behind him with a hand on his shoulder. Rhodey is at therapy at the moment or so he’d said though he’s probably more likely calling his mother and updating her on Tony’s progress. That woman is terrifying, and partly the reason why he doesn’t seem to be able to let go of the phone.
“Mom misses the flowers,” Cooper’s voice breaks as he says it. “She keeps asking for a bouquet to be delivered so she can put them on the kitchen counter, and sometimes when I’m back from school I catch her standing there looking at them. I’ve come in a couple of times, and she doesn’t notice. She gets lost in them, and I know she’s thinking of home. She misses the garden, and the woods around our house, and how quiet everything was,” Coop’s breath hitches and Tony knows the desperation in his voice intimately, “and the afghan that we left thrown over the couch and the tally marks of where we grew up on the upstairs bathroom frame, and the musty old garage where the Old Lady was and Nate’s purple duckie and going out to the market and talking to Mrs. Ramirez about her grandkids, and taking us to the swimming pool, and dad. She misses Dad being around and making stupid jokes over dinner and throwing the Frisbee around with the stray dog that lives under our front porch and his whistling as he chops wood, and he can’t see that. It’s like he doesn’t care that he hurt my mom. And I hate him. I hate him for hurting my mama.”
, exactly?” Harley asks at the same time FRIDAY chirps up with an “one hundred into the college fund, boss.”
“I’m fine,” and maybe it’s more forceful than he meant it because the kitchen falls silent. Rhodey is on his feet, and Steve makes a move as if he’s about to do the same. Tony moves swiftly to the door and calls out a hasty goodbye before they can continue. God. He just wants some peace. Is that so much to ask? He’s just wanted some peace for months, maybe even years, but it doesn’t seem to be attainable for him.
After a while, they have joint sessions and while Steve had thought his independent sessions were hard, he wasn’t prepared for how grueling the joint ones are. He’s always left feeling unsure and shaky after their time with Coulson. He thinks they aren’t working, at first, because sure he shouldn’t be feeling this uncertain and afraid, but he starts changing his behavior. Starts identifying patterns in his thought process and the way he acts around his friends and his lover that he now knows are unhealthy.
It wasn’t until after their breakup that he realized he’d never bothered to find a time for his girlfriend and his friends to meet. So now he just hung out with his friends, went on morning runs around the park and tried to find his footing again. He checks up on Tony through the news occasionally, knows when he might be okay and when he might not. Forces himself not to google him when he sees another gossip rag talking about his sex life. Tries his hardest to make himself believe he made the right choice.
“Sure, I’ll brave the sharks while you get them,” Tony responds distractedly. He’s going over the finer print one last time, obsessively if Natasha is to be believed, so that there are no objections of any kind from the other side.
God, Tony is so bad at this comforting thing, but he knows he has to try. Something fragile and beaten down, maybe the kid who’d been forced to grow up too hard and too fast, feels a kinship to this boy sitting next to him. It feels as though he has to say something to make it right. “When I was about ten, I went out with our friend Jarvis, the real one, and got my mom this big bouquet of flowers. I gave them to her and told her I’d got his favorites, and I swear she smiled so big I thought her face would get stuck that way. I didn’t find out till later that they were carnations, and I went up to her and apologized, but she told me that just the fact that I’d gone out to get them for her meant they were her favorite flowers.” They both chuckle at that, and Tony blinks the mist out of his eyes.
“Petey,” Tony says, clearing his throat that suddenly feels tight with emotion. He crouches at Peter’s side, one hand in his hair and the other on the blanket surrounding the baby, and leans a little closer. “Meet your baby sister. Sarah Morgan Stark-Rogers, meet your big brother Peter.”
. The way it did after another binge, after another callous question about his father, after another stupid argument… it’d sounded like every other time he had tried to give up.
Tony nodded, and was surprised to find that he actually was. It took some time, but soon the girls were chatting to T’Challa again and Laura and Tasha were conspiring with each other. Viz and Wanda were talking quietly to one another while Sam, Lang and Rogers were insulting each other’s teams. Rhodey tucked into his pizza while Cooper shot questions at him about his army training and his time at MIT. From the side, Baby Bart made smacking noises with his lips as he was given small bites of pizza, and Barton marveled at how big he had gotten.
Baby Bart is possibly the cutest thing Tony has ever seen. He’s squirmy and squishy, and has a little button nose that he’s scrunching up at the mechanic just then. His downy hair smells like baby shampoo and his stubby little fingers bunch up in his t-shirt. He’d been staring at his daddy in confusion on why they argued, but now his attention is purely on Tony. And God, those eyes. Tony is such a sucker for huge brown eyes, Peter would tell anyone.
been a bully, Tony Stark, you understand?” the other man’s eyes are wide with panic and hurt still, but Steve continues. “Somewhere along the way we lost sight of the family we had become, I understand that, and I need you to see it, too. I didn’t agree with the Accords, a part of me never will despite the amendments, shh, listen—“Tony had reared back though he hadn’t broken the soldier’s hold on his head. “Listen, I will never think that anyone else’s hands are safer than our own, but—Tony, what happened in Sokovia and—and Lagos—just, everything—“Steve swallows the lump in his throat.
The mirrors in the penthouse have been covered for the past three months, and though he knows that perhaps he should check his appearance he can’t force himself to meet his own eyes. As he is thinking that perhaps it might be worth it, if only so that his PR agent doesn’t bitch at him, he curls and uncurls the fingers of his right hand. He’d lied to her, to Ross, to anyone who had asked, and told them that he’d had an accident down at the lab. That the cuts on his knuckles had come from banging out the Iron Man suit after his latest assignment. Nobody needs to know that as soon as he’d looked at his face in the last uncovered mirror he hadn’t been able to stand the asshole that stared back at him and had taken a page out of someone else’s book and punched the glass.
“Harley, we’ve talked about this. You can’t come if you don’t get your grades up,” Tony sighs and leans back against his chair. Damn kids, he thinks to himself as he remembers the other mini genius who owes him a talk about his PE and music credits.
But nope, the thing is actually real. A closer look at it, the lapels are standing up in the imitation of a fighting stance and honestly what in the ever-loving hell is Tony’s life now, reveals to be Strange’s cape. Cloak? He thinks the wizard had called it a cloak.
“Steve—” but whatever she was going to say is cut off by the sound of Sam falling off the couch. They both turn to look at him, and that’s when Steve notices it.
All that was left was this, what he feels now. the dark and cold. Having been made used to it two years ago isn’t helping him at all. He still feels it, deep in his bones, the cold. The loneliness. He feels as though being surrounded by family should feel different. This isn’t it.
He closes his eyes for a moment as he lets Rhodey lead him to his room. He’ll pretend to go to sleep for a while, to appease his brother, then he can sneak out to the lab. He can work on the schematics for the exoskeleton for a bit before he attempts sleep. Or maybe he’ll decide to sack the whole thing and finally blow the suits to kingdom come. He can’t really decide which one would be more painful at this point.
It feels as though they’re standing there together for an eternity. Steve is still cradling his face between his palms, his thumbs gentle on his cheeks, and Tony can feel himself starting to give in. Part of him, the part that is still seething with hatred and heartbreak, demands that he pull away. That he don’t allow Steve to… to… manipulate him as easily as he had in the past.
“You didn’t tell them?” Peter chimes in, and he sounds surprised. Tony had forgotten he was there, and feels angry at himself for losing it the way he was. Sound role model he was. The kid turns to Steve with a guarded expression. “Ultron wasn’t supposed to rule over the world or anything. I’ve seen the specs, and what he was meant to do was actually pretty amazing. I mean, protect over the earth so that people, heroes or civilians, didn’t have to die? That sounds pretty amazing. Tony hasn’t told me how he got corrupted, but we’ve talked about JARVIS a lot, and how FRIDAY is basically modeled after him.”
Tony, okay? You don’t believe me; you probably never will unless they’re the ones that tell you, but you can’t keep doing this to yourself.”
where they could go at each other until their chests were heaving and their throats raw. If Lang wanted to get a couple of punches in then that was fine. It’s not like Tony wouldn’t have practice with that. He cracked his jaw.
It’s almost two years. The weight of the burner phone he sent Tony is a permanent brand on his skin. He checks on it constantly, staring at it almost obsessively trying to will his husband to text him, call him, anything even if it’s just to tell him to drop dead. He wonders if Tony ever told Peter. He wonders what sort of memories his son has of him; if he remembers the baseball games, the sparring sessions, the walks to the library, the trips to the museum and the park. He wonders if his son remembers the team dinners, the alone dinners with just the three of them, the galas, the SI events. He wonders if Peter thinks back to the way Steve carried Tony in his arms after missions, or the way Tony hooked his pinky around Steve’s as they ate, or how Tony used to look at him like he was the center of his universe.
“We were going to make doodads,” Peter’s voice sounds sad. Tony wants to believe that the kid does mind, but really, who would he be kidding with that? There’s no contest between the mass murderer and America’s hero. Tony isn’t masochistic enough to put that into consideration.
The truth drops on Steve like an anvil. He remembers that conversation; remembers the flippancy and matter-of-fact way Tony had talked about the kid. How he’d mentioned he’d been crushed on the battlefield in Sokovia; “we dropped a building on him,” Tony had said. He’d been trying to explain the Accords, trying to tell them why they were necessary, when everyone had already made up their mind. When
like the right thing. The closer he got to the lab, the looser his chest felt and the easier it was to breathe. Maybe… maybe this was what it felt like to finally fight for the man he loved.
“I want to be there,” Steve said at once. If it was witnesses they wanted, then he could be there. He could vouch for her. Hell, he could divert the blame on himself if necessary.
Feeling like he was in a dream-like state, Tony did nothing but comply. Sam motioned to the sit next to him, and smiled when Tony complied. From the other side of the table, Rhodey raised his eyebrows at him.
“Yes, he was the resident bioengineer if I am not mistaken. His research and expertise was a bit more helpful than our other
“You’ve always tried to do the right thing, Steve,” Tony says quietly, ear pressed onto his chest against his heartbeat. “I’ve known that from the start.”
“Hi, Aunt Peggy,” he tells the headstone now and bites his trembling lower lip. Though he knows she’s not there, she’s in London, hell everything that made her the woman he’d loved was somewhere out there in the cosmos far too unreachable even for him, he still felt the need to talk to her. It’s why he’d commissioned her headstone here, despite SHIELD having fallen, because he needed her close. She was the last of his family; the only one to die the way they were meant to, after a full life of love and loss and grief and utter happiness. She’d drifted off on her own, they’d told him, holding the hand of the people whom she loved and who loved her back.
Tony shrugs and tears his eyes away. He doesn’t think he can force the words out. He doesn’t think he can tell Steve that he wasn’t sure how he would react. How he thought maybe he’d think he was mocking him or trying to hurt him by bringing up this secret connection they had. He doesn’t dare to say that, after the effort and all the money he gave to acquire Roosevelt’s pens, he’d felt that any effort at connecting with him would have just hurt them both. He’s not enough of an asshole to say the words and see the pain they’ll cause the other man.
Steve will remember them later, after his whole world comes crumbling down around his ears, he will remember the itty-bitty shoe that had been lying on the ground at the entrance of the war room. He will remember the baby-powder scent that was barely in the air but to which his senses had become quite accustomed to when his son was little. He will remember all of this later, after he’s told Ross exactly where he can shove his accords bullshit. After he has told Ross to go fuck himself because he was here for his husband and son, who should have
apparently refused to do just that. When Peter opens his mouth to start talking, all Tony can get out is a weak “Stop”
“Carol,” the name tumbles out of his mouth. He can’t fucking believe it. They had looked for her fucking everywhere. Fury had said he had lost contact, Rhodes had gone near mad with anger, and Tony had ended up with far too many burns trying to make a way to track her. And here she is. “Holy shit, it is good to see you.”
“Stark,” the voice sucks him out of his content stupor in an instant. His arms go instinctively tighter around the baby in his arms, though he knows he has no right to keep him. Bart-bot fusses and he presses his lips to his hair and shushes him until he settles. His eyes meet Steve’s and he can see the blond’s jaw tightening as he looks over the mechanic’s shoulder.
As he stands there, watching a clearly excited Peter give a preening DUM-E a fist bump in greeting, something warm settles in Tony’s chest. He’s still furious for calling the kid. Furious at himself for mixing him up in all their shit, but perhaps he can still manage to turn their relationship around. And, maybe, Peter will end up teaching Tony a thing or two.
, Rhodes doesn’t say. The implication isn’t lost on either one of them, regardless. “But he started cutting back, he started taking his classes seriously, and… well,
“Danvers?” she asks, and she frowns at him. Then she puts two fingers up to massage her temple, and Tony gets it. They don’t call him a genius for nothing, and this looks disturbingly familiar. He wonders what they made her do, and whether or not they had to recalibrate her the way Romanoff did to Barton.
Second, I'm starting uni on the 23rd (!!!!!!!!!!!!) so things are going to be hectic for the next couple of things while i get settled and stuffs so apologies in advance.
, had a good thing to say about him and yet… every other week, I’d get a call. And it was him, you know, in the middle of the fucking night in New York and he was sat at that same spot, curled up in himself, coming up with theory after theory about what had happened. Every other week, for a whole year, he was back in the same spot.”
The next three years, Steve gets an internship in London as a curator. He takes it as a way to leave his past behind and maybe get some distance from his current obsession. Though his days had stayed much the same as at the beginning, Steve has found what he considers a healthy middle ground. He still has bad days when he thinks of his old lover and a pain so intense hits him that all he can do is take a moment to breathe through it. He still avoids Manhattan unless he absolutely has to, the last year especially after rumors of the genius’s return start to circulate, and everything else that might remind him of his loss.
“Anthony,” the king calls his attention. Tony smiles warmly at him, something that would be a feat for anyone else calling him by that name. With the younger man, it never seemed like much of a problem despite the baggage the mechanic associates with it. “I’m glad you are here,” he says and gives Tony’s hand a friendly squeeze.
On the screen, what he thought was a disaster somewhere remote, is actually New York. Amid the dust and confusion and utter pandemonium, in the background, the silhouette of Stark Tower. Steve can’t even afford a second of heartache at that, though, because the focus of the scene takes precedence.
Thinking about Peggy snaps him out of his daze, and he finally feels inspiration come to him for something other than his self-destruction. He looks at the other man out of the corner of his eye; notices the still-red flush of his cheeks and the dried salt on his cheeks. He bites his lip, trying to decide if maybe this is the best idea at the moment, but now that he’s thought about it he feels as though he can’t contain himself. He
Bruce had lost sight of them; the last image he had was of Tony’s repulsors blasting to follow Spider-Man who was dangling off the alien’s made-up platform.
“I think they’ve got this here. I’ll see you soon,” Phil sounds more animated now. “And Tasha, we’ll make it right. Somehow. That’s what family does, right?”
“Daddy!” Lila yells as they make their way inside and God, she’s already crying. Her dark braids swaying behind her as she runs to her dad. Tony sees the surprise and devastation on Barton’s face for a second before he’s running out to meet his kid half way.
Anyways! I hope you are all having a wonderful day/week/month and if not I wish you all the luck in things getting better and am rooting for you to kick every problem's ass :D
“Ned, chill out,” he says with a chuckle and gives his son a squeeze on the shoulder. You know you’re always welcome to spend the weekend. Tell you what, Pete can call you back once we’re done with our conversation so you can hash it out. Okay?”
, think that you somehow deserved what I did.” Steve’s eyes were so dark, Tony thought, intense. Big, broad hands cradled his face. “I need you to listen to me, Tony, because somewhere along the way I failed you
Steve feels unease trickle into his stomach just watching them. They’re clearly worried about their wayward genius, and he’s probably about to be yelled that. Scratch that, he’s pretty sure Peter might call out the suit so he can beat his ass, but he has to do it. Tony has been hiding away for days, and clearly giving him space wasn’t their best course of action. He could be hurt, if not physically then at least emotionally, and God knows what state of mind he’s on. He could be such an easy target out there, alone, in
, the bitter part of Tony’s brain snidely suggests. Tony snarls at it to shut up, and closes his eyes tightly. God, he had been doing so well without the headaches lately. This is exactly why he tends to avoid these types of conversations. Why, in interviews, he steers the talk away from his… acquaintances and redirects it to the good they’re doing with the new heroes. For those who were willing to sign the original accords, and those who didn’t buy the bureaucratic bullshit. The rebuilding of the cities they destroyed. The grants and scholarships and awards and all the shit he’s set in motion to try to
and forcing himself to focus on the problem at hand. There is absolutely no way he’s going to figure out a way to send Peter home at the moment; not without figuring out the Squidward issue first. He, quite honestly, has no clue what to do so he might as well use the child’s genius brain at the moment even though his entire insides twist at the thought of having him here. “There’s the situation,” he tells him, “I need ideas. Go.”
The first time it happens, Steve turns around in the middle of the night and gets woken up by the cold sheets where a body should be. He springs up into a seating position and taps the bed with his hand to make sure there really isn’t anyone there. His heart starts pounding with worry, worst case scenarios popping into his head, and then he hears the sniffling. His world comes to a screeching halt and then his heart breaks when he spots Tony’s bedhead over his side of the bed.
. And now he’s on the same fucking place and nothing has changed. His stomach still feels hollow, his bones still feel brittle, and the nightmare in his head is still the same.
Steve’s arm tightened around Tony’s shoulders and the genius turned to look at him with a worried frown. The blond tried his best to stomp down in the flare of self-hatred he always got when Tony looked that uncertain, and managed a smile back. He couldn’t tell him everything, not now, couldn’t tell him what he’d thought about for the last few days and especially last night when he’d managed to calm Tony down from his latest nightmare and had been allowed to wrap himself around the man. Couldn’t tell him how he’d decided, right there and then, that he was no longer capable of doing something that he knew would hurt the other man too much. Not now that he knew the whole truth. He couldn’t tell him all of that right now, but he would. He
. Suddenly I was back in that goddamn dorm room, patching him up, while he tried his best not to cry because
Tony shakes his head, trying to clear himself of the memory, but the dirty feeling of their laugh still covers him like a blanket. He could do it. he could destroy Steve Rogers so that nobody else has him. So that they’re even. So that he feels what it’s like to have the best thing in his life snatched away from him. He
had been worth it. he felt himself about to tear up, something he hadn’t allowed himself to do since before the war, until Cassie’s excited question pulled him back to the present. T’Challa gave him a smile that looked almost proud over the girl’s head, and he grinned back shyly.
“He’s not in the compound,” Lang pipes up. The others turn to look at him and his cheeks go a bit red. “I couldn’t sleep so I went and took a look around. I’m sorry,” he tells Tony.
“It is easier to find our own faults in others than in ourselves, Tony,” T’Challa says and though he hadn’t even turned around he is brilliant enough to have guessed. He meets Tony’s eyes square on and says, sincerely, “That doesn’t mean it is okay. It does not mean that they are right.”
“They have their reasons and responsibilities,” the king responded, and Steve heard the message loud and clear.
“This is different. You never go out. You can’t even be in the same room as Viz. You don’t let Ms. Potts in. Happy is barely around and even with Rhodey you just… I just. I just want you to be happy,” the last part is a whisper in the sudden quiet of the room. FRIDAY has turned off the television and the lights are down low.
“I think he’s trying to say is that it’s time to get our heads out of our asses and start listening, Barton,” Sam said. Tony could hear the judgment in his voice. Clint merely glared at him though he settled when Baby Bart murmured in his sleep.
,” he says vehemently. He feels the sudden need to break something. “That’s not what I meant at all. I’ve been trying to find a way to get in touch with him. I just—Rhodes and Viz won’t tell us anything, and the Spider kid gets so quiet whenever I ask. FRIDAY, please, I just—I need to know if he’s okay. I’ve been—I’ve seen the news, and I just—he’s always acting like he’s fine even when he’s not and Rhodey has been looking so stressed lately and I just—“
“It’s fine,” Tony said to the room at large. His eyes didn’t waver from Clint’s, though, as he showed the other man that he wouldn’t back down. Fuck his pride and his guilt, Tony had taken care of his family when he had fucked off to fight a war he had no business with. Tony had taken care of his family when he had picked a dangerously enhanced individual without training and without control over his family. He wouldn’t belittle what Tony had done in front of the others. He might have gotten a punch in when they had arrived, but he sure as fuck wouldn’t keep screwing him over. “I’ve never done it before. And if it appeases agent Barton’s sense of guilt to take care of his baby
Tony is beautiful in the mornings. He’s gorgeous any time of day, but he’s especially beautiful when he’s the first thing Steve sees. His curly soft hair is tousled and the morning light filtering into their room makes his eyes go molten and bright. His lab-roughened hands come up from between the sheets and grab hold of Steve’s face.
He doesn’t know what he’s doing with all of it, though, seeing as he knows it won’t be accepted. T’Challa had gone back to Wakanda the day before, and had promised to return with one brainwashed super assassin. If he’s honest, Tony never would have thought that Ste—
“Wow, you are a seriously loyal piece of outer-wear, aren’t you?” he tells it and the thing, no joke, actually fucking shrugs. Tony is going to need so much therapy if he ever makes it back to earth because really, honestly, what in the fuck?
the mantra runs frantic circles in his mind the longer he watches the memory play out in front of him. His eyes never leave Tony. Not when he cuts that particular scenario, or when he starts the next, or the next, or the
“He was wrong to lie to you,” T’Challa says seriously. Tony rears back in surprise; it’s the first time anyone has said that out loud. He doesn’t even know how the king knows about that. “He hid the truth from you for years, Anthony. He had no right. You should not blame each other, but if you must then it does not rest solely on you. And before you begin anew on the wrongdoings of your team,” he says as Tony opens his mouth to argue. “You must remember that I prepared for that battle by your side. I may not have agreed on bringing the young Spider boy with us, but I knew what you thought. I know what you expected; and that… violence, was not it.”
Tony is observing him, waiting to be told off for ordering Steve around or being ordered himself back home. It had happened before, on various occasions, when Steve thought he knew what was best for him better than Tony himself. And he sees it, in the way Steve’s jaw clenches and he has to look away and exhale sharply.
“Where is he?” Tony asks FRIDAY as he sees that the game console is being used by Sam and Scott. They turn their heads at the sound of his voice, and though Lang is still hesitant around him, Sam gives him a friendly
“But Peter chose to join you,” Sam says quietly, but thankfully there’s no accusation in his tone. Tasha acknowledges his question with a nod of her head.
He looked out the window for a few more minutes before he took a deep swallow of his coffee, grimacing at the coldness of it, but being loath to waste it even now. When he heard feet padding towards the kitchen, he closed his eyes and took a deep breath to center himself. The way he did before a battle. He knew that he was dealing with his teammates, his friends… hell, most of the time he called them his family, but he knew this was still a point of contention amongst them. He
“He’s alone,” surprisingly enough it’s not Steve who says it. It’s Sam, sitting back on the couch, eyes trained on the television. “Isn’t he? He’s the only one left.”
“Okay, good, you got him. Now, put it down,” Tony rolls his eyes and places his hands on his waist. Steve has to bite his tongue to keep from commenting on the pose. Tony catches his eyes and glares regardless so he guesses that he’s not quite successful. “Har, eyes up here,” the genius says with a snap of his fingers. Steve recognizes the fond-pretending-to-be-insufferable tone from the time he’d spent around the genius and the bots. “How did you get here? Don’t you have a project or something to be working on?” Steve also recognizes the pretending-to-not-have-kept-tabs tone. Apparently, so does the boy because he merely rolls his eyes and slings his potato thing over his shoulder like some type of western hero.
“Pweese,” he said, and then the worst came. Up until then, Steve had merely looked at the top of his head or his tiny profile. All he’d been able to see where the tear tracks and his rosy cheeks. Now, though, Baby Nate looked up at him with watery brown eyes and the most adorable pout on his face. Heartbreak was written all over the kid’s face, and Steve felt a pang in his chest. “S’eve, Unc’a ‘Onny.”
“In three days’ time,” he responded, and his face shifted. Instead of the severe look he had given Steve, now he looked reassuring. Wanda stared at him for a second before nodding and excusing herself from the room. Vision followed her after a minute hesitation.
Once outside, Tony didn’t think they needed to go very far. He didn’t know the other man well, or at all really, so whatever he wanted to talk about shouldn’t escalate to the level of making the children aware. It wasn’t like with Ste-
“Backstage. I was on my way to the car after my presentation. I was alone because Pep—“ his voice breaks and he has to clear his throat. Steve ignores the pang of jealousy the action brings and concentrates on Tony’s always-expressive eyes. The other man seems to be coming out of his haze. “Pepper was gone. So I was making my way to the elevator to meet Happy at the underground garage in the conference hall.”
“Don’t,” he tells her quietly, pain flaring up in his chest. He can see where this road leads them and he does not want to be the person responsible for breaking what little is left of their team.
“What she showed me,” Tony begins and Steve notices the way he’s trembling as his hands rub at his thighs. Up and down, up and down. He decides to throw caution to the wind and grabs hold of one of those scarred hands. Tony jolts, but thankfully, doesn’t pull away. Instead, he turns his hand and tangles their fingers together. “Ultron, was my fault,” Tony says slowly and deliberately. Steve opens his mouth, a vehement rebuttal on his tongue, but the mechanic shakes his head. “It was, I admit it. I was—I got desperate. She was right when she said that I didn’t know the difference between saving and destroying the world. I thought the Ultron program would be—a way to prevent it.”
When Peter meets with him at the hospital in Stuttgart (God, how he hated Stuttgart, hadn’t Loki been enough?) there’s a trembling in his hands as he moves to hold Tony’s.
Peter blushes and looks down at his hands. Tony can see how tightly curled they are, and sighs at the kid. He already has too many self-defensive techniques that the mechanic really doesn’t like. Tony gives him a friendly shoulder bump, and the kid seems to take comfort in the gesture.
“Hap,” Rhodes says sternly though he doesn’t sound too upset. Hogan merely looks in the rearview mirror toward Steve, raising an eyebrow, daring him to say something, but the blond soldier merely grits his teeth. Fine. Fine, it’s all right. They’re protective of their friend, and really, it’s not like he hasn’t earned it. It’s not as if he’s earned worse. “Tony wouldn’t want you doing this shit, man.” Happy glares at Steve one last time, and then looks away, chastised. It’s clear by the tense silence in the car that neither man agree with their friend’s choice.
Steve thinks, mind whirling. He had been so stupid. He had been so stupid to ever tell Tony that the Avengers were his when he had left him in a compound alone and with none of them near. He knows things between Clint and Tony had been terrible since the so-called Civil War happened, Scott hadn’t had anything to go on about him other than all the shit Clint and Wanda had said, and Sam and Steve’s silence. And then there was--
Once he has calmed his knee-jerk reaction enough, he meets her eyes and knows he can’t quite keep the contempt hidden. If Barton’s flare of protectiveness and anger is any indication he has done a very poor job, indeed. Tony doesn’t think he gives a shit about them at the moment. “Boy, if you think what we ended up with was bad,” and he laughs the little ugly laugh he’s become acquainted with so well in the last few months.
“Someone woke up missing you,” Tony says fondly as he looks at the baby in his arms. The bot displays his newest trick and blows a raspberry at the genius. The dark-haired man looks affronted at the boy and then tickles him, a grin on his face. “Oh, that’s how it is? Huh, troublemaker?” Steve can’t help his laugh as he tries to shield the boy, throwing him into even louder giggles.
When Tony gets the papers handed to him by the social worker, he can’t stop shaking. He stares at the woman, half blanking out-half terrified of them, but luckily she seems to have practice with this. She takes hold of his sleeve instead of handing him the papers, herds him towards the chair she had just vacated, and lets him fall heavily into it. Marina, that’s her name, gives him an amused smile as he continues to gape up at her. Normally he would try to pull himself together in front of a stranger, but he can’t find it in himself to care at the moment. He’s—words escape him.
“I’m sorry,” Peter says after what feels like an eternity of Tony’s heart being torn in his chest. “I know—I know how hard this is for you—” Peter’s breath hitches in his chest. “I don’t mean to make this any harder, I just—”
It isn’t until the revised Accords have to be singed that Tony begins to think that he might be just a little over his head. It isn’t the fact that he has to deal and schmooze politicians, or that Stark Legal is spearheading Zemo and Ross’s lawsuits, or the fact that the media is so flip-floppy with him that one day they love him and the next they want to burn him on a stake; he’s lived his whole life in those types of environments. No, the thing that makes his hands shake and his forehead break out in nervous sweat is a week before the final ratification of the document. He hadn’t counted on T’Challa throwing a curve ball at him.
“Is that why you haven’t’ been going on patrol as much anymore?” Tony asks, the pieces of this particular puzzle finally falling into place. “Because you think that if you leave the compound something will happen to one of us?”
“Here, feed him,” Laura said as she came in. she handed Tony a bottle, and he looked at her in confusion. He’d never had to feed the baby before, and he figured that with both the baby’s parents around one of them could do it.
The mechanic feels tears well up in his eyes and his throat constrict. He doesn’t have the heart to tell Steve what he’s really thinking. He doesn’t have the energy to look at the guilt and devastation on the other man when he says the words. That he can’t, that he doesn’t know how, and that he’s been cast as the villain so many times that he doesn’t know if he’s just lying to himself when he thinks it’s a lie. That he doesn’t think he’s good, that everything he touches turns to cinders and ashes; he can’t get the words past the lump in his throat. So he does the next best thing. He closes his eyes and leans his head against the soldier’s chest, feels those steel band arms wrap securely around him and clings on. It’s not a solution, not by far, but for right now he just wants to remember his Aunt Peggy with someone else who knew, and loved, and appreciated her as much as he did. He just wants to feel tethered down again after feeling adrift for so long.
“I think he’s right,” Natasha says to break the silence. She doesn’t look at Tony as she says it, though he glares in her direction, but instead continues to stare at T’Challa. It’s like they’re having a conversation that the other two occupants in the room are not privy too, and seriously, when the hell did that happen?
“So, if you think about it, this is kind of your fault…?” he tunes back in long enough to hear the words that just came out of the boy’s mouth. Tony looks up from he had been fidgeting with the GPS tracker on his arm and tries his very best not to let the scream come out of his mouth.
“They wanted four of us at the beginning, people who had been around her longer,” T’Challa said, his gaze snapping away from Wanda’s nervous behavior to look at Steve again. He looked almost angry. “Ms. Romanov and I will be accompanying her and testifying in her favor. Believe me, Captain, this is no more than a formality.”
“I’m sixteen,” Peter says, and his tone is definitely colder. “I can make my own choices. Tony presented me with the accords, and I made a choice.”
“He’s not here right now, buddy,” Clint said softly while pushing the baby’s fringe off his forehead.
When they separated, Tony leaned back on the couch and tugged until Steve was sitting next to him. He didn’t let go of the mechanic’s hand, but he draped an arm around his shoulders. Tony wiggled around until he was comfortably nestled against Steve’s side. They didn’t say anything, but Steve was grateful for the silence. His mind began to whirl around with the things Tony had told him. Now it was Tony’s thumb running soothing circles on his hand.
“Please,” Laura says and Tony turns in time to catch the eye roll she gives him as she plates some food for Lila. “He’s taken it as a personal challenge at this point. By now, I’m pretty sure the kids have up to half their doctorates payed for.”
He knows the exact moment his son sees his favorite person in the world. Instead of the jealousy and anger of the past, he feels his grin growing when Stark’s eyes snap up and a smile completely overtakes his face. Whatever he’d been worrying about before dissipating in the wake of the baby’s loud and frantic “Unc’a ‘Onny!
team had pulled him in. if there was anything that Tony could sympathize with was desperate decisions.
, and the baby seems to give up on the walking because she just gets on her hands and knees and begins crawling like someone is chasing her.
The knock comes again, softly but more insistent. The bundle wiggles, and Tony spares a second to have mild cardiac arrest thinking something will happen. He’s gonna hurt the bundle, or drop it or—or—
“Obviously you don’t know what you’re talking about man,” Lang said with a laugh. “Everyone knows you gotta put your face mask on first.”
“These guys givin’ you any trouble, buddy?” he says with a grin that becomes wider when DUM-E looks up with his camera and makes a shrieking noise. Clearly, he had been waiting for a helping hand even though his brothers are on the side without having made a peep. The little guy drops the jug, causing Harley to double over laughing and Nate’s giggles to get louder in response, before rolling over to hide behind Steve grasping his shirt.
, the thought came sudden and sharp and it left him reeling. He had never thought about what he did as something that would eventually lead to this decision. Back in his time, people didn’t really talk about the aftermath of their trauma. That wasn’t a conversation for… ever, really. Men who had come back from war had been called heroes, and if they came back a little different, a little jumpier, a lot more despairing, then they were called heroes and people looked the other way. Maybe he had gotten too used to that, even when he thought himself different and his mother and Bucky had called him sensitive, maybe he had tried to hold too much of his past with him to this time.
“Yeah, I know,” Wanda says, sounding frustrated. Steve feels a stab of irritation as he looks at her, though he tries his best to look impassive. Nat throws a look at him that he refuses to acknowledge. They do not have the time for him to tear a strip off the two of them at the moment.
“You could have not possibly thought this through. Did you think about your father, huh?” Peter knows he’s not speaking for himself because he lowers his eyes to the floor. “Do you have any idea what this is going to do to him? He’s already going to be stressed trying to fight whatever threat they have on their hands, I’m not stupid enough to think that guy down there is the only one, and now you’re missing, Peter! The comms are down, FRIDAY and KAREN are down, what do you think is going to go through his head?!”
“What he said,” Peter says with a grin, and even goes as far as pat Steve on the back as he goes by. Tony lunges to rustle his hair, but the boy is too fast and dodges out of the way.
“I’m his father,” he said, and Tony had never heard him sound so serious. Laura’s eyes narrowed into slits.
“Steve,” she’d said, accent thick with exasperation and amusement as she rolled her eyes at him. “It’s quite all right. I’m not about to cite you for harassment with anyone. It wasn’t even a bad kiss,” she’d said this with a cheeky grin, and Steve had flushed with embarrassment. “And, if the circumstances were different, I wouldn’t have minded. It’s just—“she’d bit her lip and looked away.
since that happened! It has been long enough for her to tell us the truth! You,” he hisses at Wanda and she drops her head in shame. “You let us crucify him for something that was already killing him inside! You let us believe that Ultron was a product of his arrogance! For years, Ultron colored our perception of what he was!”
Tony has faced down the most dangerous individuals. Has fought against terrorists and maniacs and even alien invasions. He has done all of this with a devil may care grin on his face and determination in his heart. He has broken down terrorist cells and carried a nuke into a wormhole.
You promised,” or maybe not. The kid on the other side is glaring at him in disappointment as he brushes his blond fringe away from his eyes. It’s a nervous tick Tony noticed since they met, but he doesn’t say anything about it. He still drums his fingers to an imaginary chest plate as it is, and he shouldn’t be a hypocrite about everything.
. Still, in a pantomime of their latest confrontation, Tony throws his hands up to cover his face and waits…
“Potato-Mark45-Mandarin Orange, I need to know where the mechanic went,” Harley says forcefully as he throws his device on the table. Clearly he had been unsuccessful in his search. Steve recognizes the words as one of Tony’s ridiculous command codes.
As if on cue, as if he can sense it, Steve’s phone starts vibrating in his hand. Bucky and Sam’s faces stare back at him. The tears he’d been holding in for the last couple of minutes stream down his face, and his throat tightens as he swipes his thumb over the screen to answer the call.
“It’s the squirt, boss,” and that gets Tony getting his head off the table so fast that he gets dizzy. He blinks the spots dancing in his vision away, and then proceeds to slap at his cheeks. He hopes he looks healthy and awake enough to fool the kid.
“That you were alone, and I was the only one who could help you,” Peter says, coldly. Tony feels a chill run down his spine at the words and the implication that this is what Peter has been thinking for the past two years. “Me, zio Rhodey and Viz are all that’s left. I know Viz turned off his transponder weeks ago, I know where he is, and zio Rhodey has enough on his hands with the UN and the Accords. I wasn’t going to let you—” Peter is still looking at the floor but his shoulders are shaking in that way they do when he’s trying his best not to cry and Tony’s heart breaks in his chest.
he was about to give some of them a blow they might not forgive him for. Still, he closed his eyes and thought about last night and the way Tony had looked this morning curled up on his chest with exhaustion heavy on his face and couldn’t find it himself to back down from his plan.
“I know that you thought you fucking knew best, and isn’t that the cherry on top of this fucked up cake. You thought you knew best with Ultron, you thought you knew best with the Accords, and look where we are! You started us in this path! You led us down this fucked up chain of events and now the Avengers are nothing! Everything we worked so hard to build is gone because you had to prove you were so fucking clever! You had to prove that you were better than everyone else, you had to prove you knew best!”
There’s a beat of silence before the whole room bursts into laughter. “Oh my God, Stark,” Sam says and Rhodey claps him on the shoulder with a grin. Tony blushes as he makes his way to the kitchen sink to wash his hands. His eyes, as is routine, go to the garbage disposal, and then he freezes.
“I don’t want to hurt you,” Peter whispers, almost biting through his lip. Tony forces it out from between his teeth with a thumb, then tries to wipe the tears that don’t seem to stop. Tony knows he’s in a similar state, but still, the compulsion is there. “He’s already hurt you so much, dad. It feels like—”
“Could you—“Steve bites his lip and drops his fingers. Tony wants to call him back, please, but he keeps his mouth shut. “Could you see yourself… getting there? Someday?”
. The first thing he hears when FRI opens the door is the, frankly, beautiful sound of Tony’s laughter accompanied by Nate’s giggle. Rhodes has rolled out from underneath the roadster, a socket wrench in his hand and a huge smile on his face even though it’s clear he’s trying to look stern. DUM-E is in the middle, with his claw hanging low and a blender jug grasped tightly, while being flanked by Peter and Harley. Both boys are drenched in a slimy green liquid, and very clearly scolding the poor bot. Tony’s usually loud rock music has been switched to something that sounds… remarkedly different, and playing at a lower level than he’s ever heard.
“You’re not an Avenger,” Tony says and it may sound harsh, but he hopes that Pete understands where he’s coming from. With everything that they have fucked up over the years, the last thing he wants is for the kid to become tangled up in that. The name Avengers leaves a sour taste on Tony’s mouth now, and he doesn’t want that for Peter. For any of the new kids, really. “You’re a sixteen year old kid who is supposed to be studying for a chemistry test, not… not being tangled in this bullshit.”
“Christ, you are delusional,” Stark chuckles, an incredulous expression on his face. “Is that what you think this was? Me throwing a hissy fit over some enhanced with unpredictable powers? What I did, I did for her and everyone else like her. What I did was to protect her, despite the fact that she fucked me over so bad I still wake up in a panic almost every night
“Tony,” Steve says near anguished. “Of course us. All of us. We were supposed to be your team. We were supposed to have your back.
Even so, he glares at his former teammate and refuses to budge. “That was different. It’s like she told Vision. She can’t control your fear, Stark, only her own.”
“I would—“Tony sees something behind his eyes break, and then the younger man drops his gaze to the ground again. He shakes his head, and Tony doesn’t have to be a genius to know what he was going to say.
Steve dropped his gaze again, unable to deny it. He’d fucked up enough to know that. So, instead he’d merely nodded and murmured something about going down to the gym to train. Sam had suggested some sleep might do him good, but it was feeble at best, and he didn’t try to call him back. He’d been down with the punching bag until he was swaying on his feet from mental exhaustion.
“That’s right! That’s another hundred on your college fund,” Tony says with a grin and gets a snort from Cooper again and a longer sigh from Danielle. “But anyway, this is the Avengers Facility. Earth’s mightiest heroes? Most decidedly,” he points to the disposal, “
But the problem with Peter takes precedence, because Tony can see him withering away right in front of him. Despite the danger, and his occasional recklessness, Peter had thrived under his patrolling schedule. Tony has the churro-induced voicemails to prove it, and he knows that keeping away from helping is slowly killing his son. If there was something he would have wished his son has skipped from both his parents, it would have been this. Not that he doesn’t want his son to be a hero, he’s damn proud of him and makes sure he tells him at every opportunity, but putting his neck on the line is never going to be something that Tony is going to be proud.
After Clint had been done with telling him how he didn’t like him, most days couldn’t even stand him, but that they needed to get over their shit for the sake of his kids. When he was done telling Tony how he knew that he didn’t care about anyone but himself, but that Clint wasn’t going to let his kids be around an environment where everyone was fighting all the time. When Clint was done telling him that he needed to stop pretending, for a second, that the Accords business had been about protecting the team. When Clint was done telling him about how he needed to get over his issues because they were a team still, and that even though everyone didn’t like his arrogance and his holier-than-thou attitude, they were still around so the genius had to shut the fuck up and man up. How he needed to stop pretending like he was so much better than Wanda.
“Hey, no,” Tony cradles the boy’s head in his hands as if he might break and makes him look up at him. As his back is turned to the soldier, Steve can’t see the expression on the other man’s face but he is relieved when the boy relaxes. “Back when we met, you talked me out of a panic attack, remember?”
There’s no hint of laughter now. There’s only that tight ball of emotion in his chest that hasn’t eased since he left Tony and only seemed to grow bigger the closer he came to home. He turns the key and pushes the door in. He holds his breath as he steps into the room, and feels it leave his lungs as though someone punched him in the solar plexus. Everything looks exactly as he’d left his old room. And oh… oh God, there are the doodles from his office hanging on a corkboard. There’s an easel off in an alcove to the side where he can look out onto the grounds. There are his sketchbooks stacked neatly on a side table.
“I just don’t know what to do, Laura,” he admits, and he closes his eyes tightly to stave the moisture gathering in the corners of his eyes. “Every damn day I feel like I’m losing him.” he hears his wife sigh and then there’s a pressure on his side. When he opens his eyes, she’s leaning against the glass at his side; his arm comes around her automatically and she leans into him further. Nate is still making displeased noises, but he’s a bit more settled. Clint’s fingers comb through his thin hair, and they shake. God, to think he could have lost all of this.
“Dad!” the voice comes from somewhere to his left, and he realizes that he had come to a stop just inside the entryway, the folder still clasped in his hands. The boy runs down the hall and slides just in front of Tony, losing his balance, and the mechanic quickly throws his arm out to catch him. The boy giggle-gasps as he steadies himself, “what happened? What’s going on?”
The mechanic looked up at him, clearly unfocused, and gave him a distracted wave. His attention quickly called back to whatever he was doing on the tablet. Steve, not to be deterred, stood close by with his arms crossed over his chest. He needed answers, and there was only one person who would give them to him. He didn’t bother to think about why it meant so much to hear the why out of
“I made you breakfast,” Tony says and grins at them. There’s a mischievous sparkle in his eyes that they have missed desperately, and they laugh. Maybe a little harder than necessary seeing as it’s six forty seven in the freaking morning and all he’d done was pour cereal and milk on bowls, but damn it if seeing him smile isn’t the most wonderful thing.
Tony thinks, and it hurts so deeply that he even has that doubt. That this Steve, the Steve that used to talk Tony down from the metaphorical ledge when he had a night terror, the Steve that used to play fetch with DUM-E, the Steve that used to sit by him and hand him tools as he babbled about his bike, the Steve that would sit by and sketch while Tony got lost in schematics, the Steve that would chuckle wearily though no less fondly when he called up the tower and listened to Tony go on about how
“Lila and Cassie are out with Sam and Wanda,” he says as way of explanation. He doesn’t need to expand for her to understand what he means. That two of the boys are too much Stark’s to be very friendly to him at the moment, and that his own son is too hurt to listen to him at the moment. Clint didn’t want to dump baby Nate on his oldest, and maybe it was childish of him, but he wanted to show his son that he was able to fix his messes, still. He sighs and thunks his head back on the glass.
“How—“Barton doesn’t get to finish before Laura is marching towards him. She’s glaring the whole time and he has the good sense to gulp down and take a step back.
“Where is Bucky?” the Captain says in a quiet voice. If he were superman, Tony would have a perfect laser spearing through him at that moment. His stare is that intense.
The captain got to his feet slowly, his eyes never leaving Tony’s, but rather searching for something. Tony didn’t know what he found there, but his face immediately went paler. The mechanic was far too angry to care. He grabbed at Steve’s shirt with both hands and finally,
“Yes,” FRIDAY says curtly. “As a founding member of the Avengers Initiative and sole benefactor of the team he is allowed to take residence wherever he so—“
Steve is home on a rare day off when the news break. Sam and Bucky are out on a date, finally able to relax after the last of their exams are done and their job schedules have coincided. It’s good, their happiness, it lifts a miniscule part of the weight Steve has been carrying for the past couple of weeks. He hasn’t left the house, not really, in those two weeks. He called in sick to both his jobs during the three days after his epic fuck up with Tony; luckily, Fury and Phillips were understanding despite their grouchiness. It probably helped that Steve has never failed to show up to any of his shifts, has stayed extra time when his help was needed, and had never taken a single sick or vacation day for himself.
The memory hits him like a train. All the things he’d heard, but hadn’t thought about at the moment. The fact that the armor’s voice modulator had been on, probably so that Steve couldn’t hear… couldn’t know how vulnerable he’d been. Steve hadn’t thought about how it was probably
“Sam, I—“Tony’s chest constricts at the emotion. It feels a bit like dejavu from that backstage at MIT. Except now he’s not being accused of murdering a young boy.
“He’ll be fine,” Tasha says though she’s staring at Steve. There’s a warning on her face. “Tony knows what he needs. It’s about time we start realizing that.”
“You don’t trust me,” the other man says quietly. He looks so infinitely sad but resigned to the idea, and Tony wishes that he could contradict him. He hates to hurt him, but the engineer knows that he can’t do this and lie to himself. He can’t contradict Steve, and know that there’s days when the need to drink because of the memories gets so strong that he has to find Viz or Rhodey to watch him. He can’t tell him that the shield is hidden in the deepest part of his workshop because he can’t keep the panic at bay if he sees it. He can’t tell Steve that he considered bringing Barnes to the compound, but didn’t trust himself not to fall into that dark pit of despair and hatred and hurt him. He can’t give him a rundown of all the times he’s gone to the BARF looking for some peace.
“I don’t know that I would have done things differently,” Steve says after a long stretch of silence. It feels stupid and inadequate and endlessly cruel, but… he’d thought telling the truth to his friend was cruel, too, and look at where they were now. He’d taken so much from Tony, his trust and openness, the team, hell, maybe even his sanity… the least he could do is give him his honesty. Blood shot eyes, full of surprised hurt, turn to him. Steve swallows and trains his eyes on Maria’s name. “I’m too stubborn, too pigheaded sometimes, to see beyond what I think is right. It used to be good, that tenacity, or at least that’s what I wanted to believe, but now, after… I thought I was doing the right thing, protecting Bucky like he used to protect me when I was smaller. He was vulnerable, his mind cracked open and everything in shambles. I’ve felt like that before, well maybe not exactly like that, but I understood what it was like to wake up somewhere I couldn’t recognize and feel like I didn’t even know which way was up, so finding out what had been done to him and what would have happened to him—“
“Daddy come play!” Cassie said as she caught sight of her father and a mischievous glint came into her eyes. The other man’s eyes went wide.
, Tony says in his mind. He knows its not possible; there have been plenty of people who have tried. Pepper lasted the longest, but even she couldn’t stand all the baggage that came with loving Tony Stark. Not even the epitome of human perfection could apparently do that. He wants to throttle Rhodes a bit. Peter is a kid, someone who had already waded into too much of their shit to be dragged in again. Tony has already done the kid a disservice by making him and unofficial Avenger. Despite how desperate he had been, to bring the others in and prove to Ross and the UN that there were good super powered people out there, he never should have brought the kid. Sure, he was able to pick his battles, had already been doing it every day in his ridiculous pajamas, and Tony
Sam and Bucky share a look, and Steve tries to not show his displeasure. He doesn’t know what it is, lately, that’s making him so angry and hollow at displays of… belonging like this. And it isn’t just with Sam and Bucky; just last week, Natasha had introduced him to her boyfriend Clint, and their easy banter had rubbed him the wrong way. His running partner, a lovely veteran woman with a no-nonsense attitude named Maria had introduced him to his wife Carol, and the same feeling had cropped up.
Hours later, once Tony tells Peter everything and they have an honest conversation with lots of crying and even more hugs, they are sitting on the sofa in front of the TV. Tony in the corner, head thrown back, while Peter rests his head on his lap and stretches on the couch. One hand grasps the fabric of Tony’s pants tightly even in sleep. Tony, for his part, keeps carding his fingers through his boy’s hair and leaning down to press a kiss to his head.
to. Because it wasn’t fair that he was being treated like that, it wasn’t fair that he was buying shit for people who would—would get him drunk or
knows better and she’s older than him, Barton. Just because you see her as a child doesn’t mean everyone else is going to treat her as one.”
“Steve Rogers, I’m not particularly fond of the title these days,” he has to swallow the bitter taste of regret that rises up at that. He offers his sincerest smile at the boy.
The memory of Peter’s sad Bambi eyes will haunt him, he knows, and he hopes that the kid doesn’t feel like he’s pawning him off to someone else.
So when Vision came into the compound with a team of paramedics behind him, Tony was with that boy. The boy with the crystal eyes and the gold-spun hair was holding his hand, mouth twisted into an unhappy grimace of regret, as Vision carefully helfted Tony out of his suit and onto a gurney. The boy’s eyes were brimming with tears, and Tony blinked.
, and an avalanche of metal, and Tony’s tie suddenly feels too constricting. He rips his arm away from Tasha, drawing too much attention himself, and Wanda pins him with her hostile gaze. “Fancy prisons?”
Steve grits his teeth at what the supposed reporters say about him. Sam and Bucky try their best to turn the channel when they’re around but that still doesn’t keep him from obsessing over what the other man is doing. He knows that Tony moves away to California to take over his family’s business, sees the cover on Times and every other magazine of him posing with his godfather. Even through the makeup and the lighting, Steve thinks he looks exhausted.
“Okay,” Tony reluctantly says. Peter grins at him, but the mechanic turns his eyes away. He begs whatever higher power doesn’t loath him that he can keep the kid safe.
Blond hair and steely grey eyes swim in his field of vision. Christ, he’s all over the place today. Stone hasn’t made an appearance in a while
“Thanks, Fry,” Tony takes care to meet Harley’s eyes head on. “I will be okay, Har. We’re just talking,” he tries not to think about how
“And I didn’t bother to ever ask about your family,” Steve husks out while shaking his head gently when Tony opens his mouth to protest. His thumb makes gentle sweeps over Tony’s bottom lip. “Tony, enough. Let me take some of the blame for once. It doesn’t have to be just you.”
“I, uh, yeah… I can… yeah, I can take her. C’mon, bug,” the pet name passes through his lips without him even knowing, and he winces. Lang gives him a surprised stare as Cassie gives him a final hug and runs towards Tony.
to come collect him. Those two hours and fifteen minutes had been the worst of his life. The thermal undersuit had barely kept him alive as the freezing cold of the bunker seeped into his bones. With the weight of the metal, the jagged pain that he knew would scar on his chest, and what was sure to be a hell of a concussion Tony had honestly thought he wouldn’t make it. It wasn’t just the physical beat down that he had taken, but the fact that every time he turned his head there was the glint of the sun on vibranium and all he could think about was “
It doesn’t seem to matter, though, because Steve’s puppy dog eyes come out full force. Trembling fingers, soft despite the hours he spends training, cup his chin and make Tony meet his eyes. The mechanic wants to look away, but God they are so blue and so
Steve covers Tony’s babbling mouth with a shaking hand. The other man is working himself into knots, something that Steve has never seen him do despite the fact that he has been witness to Tony’s panic attacks. His hands have dropped from his contact with Steve and he’s clawing at his forearms with increasing intensity, he’s close to hyperventilating and the manic way his eyes are darting around them makes Steve feel incredibly unsettled.
know that he doesn’t owe Clint shit, but he’s not doing it for him. “I’m not doing this for him or even me.” He tilts his head and sees the moment Steve connects the dots. He gives him one firm nod and sits back down.
Clint wouldn’t listen or wouldn’t care. That, more than anything, made the guilt triple. “Cap, Thor, Tasha didn’t deserve to be tortured the way they were. Bruce,” Stark’s voice broke with grief and Clint had to look away. “Didn’t deserve to be triggered the way he was. He’d been doing so much better, Clint. You saw him, you were there every step of the way; he was trying so hard, and she destroyed everything. He went god knows where because of what she did to him!” Stark shouts, and Clint jumps. “You and Cap might keep thinking she’s just a kid, but she’s not. Hell,
1) this might be longer than I anticipated. This seems to happen every time i delve into Tony's emotional depth so bear with me.
“The same,” Natasha says as she watches Clint curse at Sam for blueshelling him. They’re in the communal living room. Clint has been obsessively playing video games to distract himself, and Sam seems to be the only one that puts up with it. Through the window she can Viz and Wanda talking quietly as they take a turn about the grounds. Steve has been holed up in the gym, or his room with his sketches, and seems to be making his very best effort at turning into a hermit. She sighs. “T’Challa should be coming back within the day.”
Steve notices the tombstone before anything else. Even from yards away, he knows he’s reached the right place. There’s a statue of Howard’s old roadster, made out of marble, sitting atop his grave. The side of Steve’s mouth ticks up before he can help it as he remembers the incredible sight of that levitating car. It fits him, he supposes, too ahead of its time to properly work right.
He sits up from the coat he had commandeered since he and Nebula had left Titan. There’s something on his arm, and when he turns he realizes it’s an IV line, and that despite his initial assessment nothing is the same. Turning his head, he realizes that although the ship might look similar it is not the same. For one, he can’t see them outside anymore. This medbay looks different, shinier and bigger, and though the cot remains uncomfortable at least it’s not the thin lumpy mess the other one was.
“Mr. Stark,” the voice snaps his gaze away from the blond and to another, petite blond with an impressive green glare. Tony swallows hard, and pretends he doesn’t hear the twin snickers from his boys.
Tony kisses him first, after their twelfth date, and then steps back and stares at him as though waiting for him to bolt. Steve is still holding his hand, and his heart twinges when Tony closes his eyes as Steve presses his lips to the palm of his hand. He does things like that, sometimes, seeks affection from Steve and then waits as though that might be the thing that sends him running. He tries not to take it personal, knows that there have been more people in Tony’s life who have hurt him, but it still hurts. There’s a new uncertainty to him that Steve finds unsettling.
Peter snorts at that derisively, and Tony cringes. He might have become a bit to tongue-loose around the kid when he was having bad days. Considering that bad days after Siberia had been pretty much
“Yeah?” the other man says as he leans back with his hands on the grass. Tony’s slacks are easily worth five hundred dollars, but the delighted look on Steve’s face since he’d asked him to stay along made him forget about his complaints or Pepper’s reaction to him ruining another pair of his work slacks.
, he says will be trusted. T’Challa has been housing them and keep them safe, for God’s sake, you don’t bite the hand that feeds you.
Still, Aunt Peggy would light up at seeing him every time. And, for the first time in forever, Tony wouldn’t even being compared or confused with his father. He’d cherish every stroke of her frail fingers on his goatee and the feel of her breath in his hair as he pulled her close. He’d bring her flowers, sunflowers every time, and read her the sports section of the newspaper and smile at her cursing over yet another loss for the Mets. He’d hold her hand and hum, or sing if she managed to persuade her, as she faded off to sleep. He’d go home and put more money on medical research, equipment, anything to find a way to get her back and fail as he always did.
. He glances up and sees the others looking at the floor plans of their rooms, except for Bucky, who is riveted in the empty ones.
Tony takes in a quick breath as images of a glinting arm, ripped off a soldier, and blood stained navy armor flashes through his mind. a bloody mouth and the beginnings of a bruise around a clear-blue eye. Angry words and even angrier tears. The clang of a shield on concrete. He brings his trembling hands down to rest under the table. Tasha gives him a concerned look, but he ignores it and stares at T’Challa. He doesn’t understand why he’s bringing this up now. They all know where they stand. The new heroes might still get to choose, but
“Yes, co-cap, yes!” Ned says, and Tony feels Peter’s whole frame go stiff under his hand. Ned, on the other end of the line, mutters a quiet “oh shit!” before he starts in on the apologies. Tony cuts him off quickly, muttering something about calling later, as he hangs up the call with shaking fingers.
“Sham!” Baby Bart yelled out next, and the pilot scooted a little closer to them. “Sham, es-que. Blue!”
“Very good, little traitor,” the mechanic said and kissed the baby’s downy hair. “Now, can you tell me what it is?”
Steve feels his own panic climbing, then. He can recall only one instance when Tony willingly talked about his parents before the fall out in Siberia. One instance when he had been drunk off his ass and delirious with grief. Steve remembers how the mere mention of Howard was enough to send the genius retracting into his shell; remembers the instances where pushing too much had led to days of black-out windows in the workshop and a haggard Tony at the end of them. When all these thoughts catch up to him, he begins to frantically think about what date it is.
He braced himself against the wall, and turned on his heel. He didn’t exactly feel like company at the moment, so he popped into his room to change into his workout gear quickly, then made his way to the gym in the communal floor. The lights were already on, and there was a punching bag on its hook when he got there, and he thanked FRIDAY. He ignored the almost sigh she gave him in reply.
“Shhh, baby, what’s wrong?” Worry began to seep into her voice, and the others could do nothing but look on, helplessly, as Baby Barton continued to fuss. Laura pressed a hand to his forehead to check his temperature, but he only shook it off with a miserable frown.
“Every time I start to think you may not be an arrogant bastard you prove me wrong, Stark,” Barton says because of course.
He vaguely hears the sound of his tablet hitting the ground behind him as he runs out the door looking for his one and only shot.
Now, alone, he has to take care of a six month old baby that carries both their last names and serves as a reminder of everything they have lost. He carries the weight of his best friend’s paralysis and the burden of introducing Viz into a world that wants him locked in a cage. And to top it, his son, the one person who has been with him unconditionally through every shit storm the past year and a half has thrown them, is going out and risking his neck to protect his city. Sometimes, Tony wonders how his heart doesn’t give out under the stress. Most days, he thinks that the pain is too much to carry right before even more shit gets piled onto his shoulders.
He turns his eyes up at the sky, curses everything that led him to this moment, and finally lets the tears fall.
“Forget the com,” Steve can barely recognize his own voice. He feels exactly like he did waiting for the water to shut him down, cold and numb. “We’re tracking her down. Wheels up in less than five.”
and he—he sounded just like before as he told me his parents were dead. He sounded just like the kid who’d told me Ty had hit him and he didn’t know
“And I’ll make damn sure it stays that way,” Tony says and glares at Barton. The archer gives as good as he gets, but Tony keeps his ground. This is the one concession that Tony will not make. He can give anything of his to get his supposed team back, to keep the earth safe or whatever, but he will never sacrifice his kids to fucking do it. Harley, Peter, the Barton kids, Cassie, his
On a whim, he’d placed a long dining table in the New Avengers’ Facility. Much like one at the old manor, this one had been tinted with bittersweet memories too. It’s where he makes his way to eat lunch, however, because despite the fact that he’d used it as place to run away, it’d always brought him comfort.
“It’s not December, is it?” and the tone of his voice is pleading. Because it can’t be. It would just make everything so much worse.
The shy knock on the door distracts Tony from the bundle he holds tightly, though carefully, in his hands. He’s been sitting in the quiet stillness of the room since the caretaker had shown him where to go. The rocking chair had been a blessing, his bones not being what they used to be even with the nanos, and it seems to help. It had been three weeks since Marina had given him what could possibly be one of the greatest gifts of his life. They had been rushing, and even though they had barely gotten any sleep and had nearly been maimed trying to get everything in order, it had still taken them three weeks. A feat on itself, Marina had said, but it was too long.
The room is silent after T’Challa and Tony finish, for lack of a better word, dropping the bomb. It starts simply enough, with T’Challa voicing his concerns about certain aspects of the Accords, such as the measures that the governments would take if someone stepped out of line. Ross is quick to inform the King, somewhat condescendingly, that they would be subjected to fair trial. The grin the Wakandan King gives him in return is feral.
“We’re supposed to be getting lunch!” The girls yell after them, finally having looked up from their project. Which, Steve now realizes, goes far beyond simple coloring. He’s kind of too intimidated to ask what, exactly, they had been creating.
“Hey! You got it. Good job, buddy,” Sam said and offered his own fist for a bump. Nate giggled again.
He had hoped that the rest would help, no school or work to worry about, but the time off had only left him feeling like a caged animal. There’s nowhere on campus that he can go without risking seeing Tony or one of his friends. The thought alone of what Rhodes or Hogan might do to him if they see him makes him cringe. He knows he should feel ashamed of his cowardice, but the constant heartbreak tends to numb everything else. Being in the apartment isn’t much better, either. Bucky might not still be ignoring his existence, like he did the first week, but he’s still so incredibly angry.
Tony smiles at the kid, thankful for the in he has just given him, and makes his way to Rhodey’s side. He senses Steve’s eyes on him, but he ignores him in favor of the food that is clearly laid out for him. In the three weeks that they have been back, Tony had successfully managed to avoid seeing any of the others. After the hostility of that first day he figured it was best to clear his, clearly unwelcomed, presence away from them. He would have booked it back to the Tower if it weren’t for the fact that, for one, Pepper is currently there with Happy and that is another type of pain he is not willing to revisit at the moment. For another, Natasha had threatened bodily harm if he didn’t stick around to at least try to slap a band-aid on the mess they had of a team. Tony flexes his jaw at the phantom pain, and wonders if it’s really worth it.
“I don’t think any of us have a choice. I saw what that thing can do. I was there. Half my fleet, gone. They said it came from there, so that’s where we’re going.” It’s another female voice, and it rings a bell for Tony though he doesn’t know why. It’s higher pitched than Nebula’s but there’s something about her accent that makes recognition sound in his head
that the old compound used to ignite in them. Everything looks vaguely familiar, but not in the way it used to be. It feels more like the first time they set foot on the training compound Tony had financed for them. The same sense of cold detachment and clinical stillness that they slowly made into a home. This, Steve thinks with a grimace, is nothing like home.
Tony’s eyes meet T’Challa and the sadness in the other man’s eyes, though well hidden, tell him enough to know that he understands what the engineer is trying to tell him.
“Hey,” Tony says softly, and cups his face in his hands. “I fucked up a lot, too, you know. There are so many things you were and are right to be mad at me about, Steve. When I saw her in the Raft in that thing, I just—
“All of them, even Wanda, except me.” Tony shook his head with finality and took a step back. “I didn’t understand why you wouldn’t listen to me. I tried—the pens. Remember? When I tried to get you to sign the accords? Roosevelt’s pens. I hunted down for them. God, I was so focused—so—so
At twenty one, exactly on the anniversary of his parents’ death, Tony Stark overdoses on opioids and ends up right back at the hospital. He goes right into rehab, supposedly at the insistence of his “close friends” and stays there for three months. The reporters say it’s tragic. Call him wild and irresponsible; accuse him of wasting his life. Nobody bothers to check the date it happens.
“if anyone’s a hobbit here it’s you, old man,” Harley says with a sass only rivaled by the two men present, Clint Barton, and a cryogenically asleep super soldier. “What with the hairy feet and shortness.”
“You don’t have to,” Tony says quietly. Because he knows. He knows what it’s like to have to ask forgiveness again and again for his past mistakes, his screw-ups. He knows what it’s like to be desperate for absolution and find condemnation instead. “We both—we hurt each other, so deeply. I—it’s taken me a long time to understand that. It’s taken me far too long and I hurt you, too, Steve. I—I don’t know how to—I don’t know how to forget. It won’t let me,” he says and wretchedly gestures at his head. Sometimes, he wishes he would have used Extremis when he came back from Siberia. When the alcohol and the BARF and his friends hadn’t been enough to drag him out of the hole he’d fallen into. Maybe then he and Steve would be okay.
“I—I don’t really think about that sort of thing, Spiderling,” Tony said with a tight smile. Peter scooted closer and Tony raised his arm with a sigh, one hand going straight to the kid’s unruly hair that reminded him so much of his own. “I am all right, you know.”
“I think it’d be unfair if you didn’t,” Peter says wisely and then looks angelically at Tony when he glares.
Steve increases his speed, not because he wants to eavesdrop, but because his friend is so far from okay a mere stranger could see it. There are tear tracks on his cheeks, and his hands spasmodically tighten on his suit jacket. The soldier doesn’t know how he’s even standing at the moment, but he can’t concentrate on that because he steps on a twig and Tony whirls around.
. Peter had balanced between lethargy and long periods of acting out just for the sake of it. He had broken thousands of dollars in equipment in the lab and the training rooms; had thrown picture frames down the stairs and ripped picture frames off his walls. The last straw had been finding a toy, something silly and innocuous Steve had picked out for him on a mission when he was about seven, tossed out with the trash.
“As we have discussed, Ms. Maximoff,” and this time the king seems to be biting off his words this time. “Your pardons are unconditional. This was merely your last place of residence so we thought it best to bring you back to the last place that was your home. You may choose to do as you please from this point forward.”
“On’ads!” Baby Bart cried gleefully, and the men laughed and followed the children. More sedately, obviously. Because they were grown men, and they were better than that. And if FRIDAY said otherwise, then she was a dirty liar.
Tony had had plenty of practice with that before, and the team would just be another tally to add up. This wouldn’t break him. He chose to ignore how that voice had begun to sound much quieter the more time he spent around them, and how much louder the broken part of himself kept crying out. He was Iron Man, goddamn it, he was forged with stronger metal than that.
them and his hands are fisted in a way that lets the soldier know he’s trying his best to rein in his temper. He doesn’t know what they’re talking about, not really, but he can recognize a situation that needs deescalating when he sees one. He’s barely opening his mouth to say something when the tide breaks.
“Communal kitchen with Agent Romanoff, boss,” FRIDAY relays quietly. Once he makes his way a bit further into the room, Tony can see them talking though they don’t pay attention to him. He wonders if he should mention it then, but then he doesn’t have to.
“A second chance,” there’s a surprising amount of emotion on Lang’s voice. Tony makes a mental know to revise his file in more depth. “You gave them a way to redeem themselves.”
happy for you because I thought, damn, Steve gets to have his person this early. He gets to be happy, and then you ran. I know your reasons were your own, and I know… I know you had to do things on your own time, but you hurt yourself with that, Steve, and you have to know I never agreed with that.”
who wasn’t Tony. He didn’t trust them, which was completely fair, but Steve understood how important this was, now. “Woke me up way earlier than I would have wanted. I was on my way to the gym when I found him,” he says with a nod to where Tony is now scrounging around looking for the cane sugar he prefers on his coffee though he would swear up and down he takes it black. Like his soul. Steve used to laugh at that, but after the genius’s confession the night of their confrontation over the hearing he’s not sure he finds it so funny. “He thought you were gone.”
. I told him that we weren’t working. I told him that we both knew—” he can’t say more. Just the thought of the words he had told Tony makes him want to throw up.
“Stop,” Tony forces out. They can’t keep going around in circles. It’s as though they’re just reopening the wounds to watch them bleed, but not changing anything in the process. Tony can’t stand to hear any more empty platitudes. He can’t stomach being reminded of Pepper and Ty and everyone else whom he has let down. He needs this to be different. “Steve, just stop. I don’t care about your apologies. They mean squat to me if you—I—if
And God, that is not something that he wants to think about at the moment. He has enough useless shit to occupy his time these days. He swipes his hand carelessly to the side to dump the files back on their databases and turns his attention back to the arm. He loses himself in metal and circuitry for a good while there until FRIDAY’s voice pulls him out of his zone. His ear-splitting music gets cut off, and then he can hear his girl’s disapproval loud and clear.
away from the rest of us. He was brilliant, and when he let all his stupid defenses down, he was—he was actually
“Strange,” Wanda finishes softly. She looks around the room, and Steve immediately knows that she won’t find what she seeks. They’d been informed that the rest of the Avengers team were not on the premises at the moment.
“I don’t know him,” Tony mutters under his breath, and Steve grins at him as he pulls him into his arms. “You doing all right?” the genius mutters when Steve buries his face into his hair. He’s once again amazed at how intuitive Tony can be about other people’s emotions. His empathy is one of the things that changed his perception of the man.
“Christ, Steve!” He says, and he wants to sound angry but he just mostly sound tired and desperate. “What’s it going to take, huh? I’ve bent myself over backwards trying to fucking
“I made a mistake!” Tony all but roars, rising to his feet. His whole frame is shaking, he’s so fucking angry, but his eyes don’t waver from Clint’s. He is so done pussyfooting around their hatred for each other. He’s so done taking, and taking, and taking to make the others feel better. Taking Ross, taking the families of the people who died because of them, taking the UN, taking SHIELD, Pepper and every other fucking person who thought that because he was Iron Man he had no need for compassion. For just one day where things just. Stopped. Going. To. Fucking. Shit. And he had to fix it. “I made a fucking mistake, Clint, all right? Is that what you wanted to hear? Is that enough for you?
He should have been happy with her, but seven weeks after they started dating she had stayed the night for the first time. Steve doesn’t dare to ask himself why it took him that long, but in the morning when he’d woken up with strands of her blond hair in his mouth and her arm thrown around his middle he had felt his skin crawl at the sensation. He’d tried his very best not to wake her up as he all but bolted to the bathroom. Needless to say, his relationship had deteriorated from then on. When he told his friends this Sam had been sympathetic, told him it might not be time yet and that that was fine. Bucky had left the room.
“You haven’t had peace in a long time, Tony Stark, and if I know them the way that I believe I do then they haven’t let you have any either.” Tony merely sighs, and leans back against his chair. He can feel the lecture coming. “What happened, everything, wasn’t just your fault. It’s time for you to stop apologizing and let them do it instead, and I know.
“Step away from the mechanic,” Harley, as always, completely ignores him. He’s glaring daggers at the soldier who wisely backs up. He puts his hands up in surrender.
, that it will make the panic worse, but it was the only thing that he thought to do. Tony’s hands scramble to grasp one of the blonde’s wrists and grab a handful of his t-shirt. Though, Steve notices with so much relief his knees threaten to buckle, he’s not pushing him away. He’s simply holding on. Dear God, Steve would stand just like this for the rest of his life if it let Tony find some semblance of peace.
sounds grounds him again. When he can focus on the here and now, he can see the scratches and bloody trails on Steve’s pale arms and feels shame crawl up his throat.
his Ma had told him once after mass. It had been ’34 or ’35 and men with good looking suits were sitting on the sidewalks with their heads in their hands. When women who’d once been pretty stood on the streets, holding babies to their hips, trying to send whatever they had while their husbands went off to wherever they needed to find a job.
Things don’t go your way once, and you think that’s a good enough reason to put all of us behind bars. You put a kid behind bars because you couldn’t stand that someone else was more powerful than you! Wanda is half your age and has gone through much more than you can imagine, and you can’t
He was exhausted and in pain, a bleeding wound in his chest that ached and splintered every time he so much as looked at the naked skin on his hip where the ink was, and at all the memories permeated in every room of his home. He had insomnia and never ending migraines and a tremor in his hand that just never went away. Tony could not be handed things. He could not have people close. He could not feel someone’s breath on his face or a touch on his wrists. Tony could not leave his home without sunglasses and
She looks up at him with something like pride in her eyes, and he feels a thousand feet tall. And when she leans up on her toes and plants a kiss on his lips, the first one that feels
“You decided signing your life away was the right choice?” Barton asks him, and the only reason Tony doesn’t lay on him then is because his tone is the softest it has been in his presence for months. He doesn’t feel like shattering the tenuous peace.
“It’s all right, Steve, you don’t have to say anything. I just—”Tony swallows a sound like a sob, and shoves his hands deep into his pockets as he shrugs. “I don’t know; I just had to tell you, I guess. In case—what if—what if I never get to tell anyone else, you know?”
“Yeah?” Rhodey says, coming up to Tony to hand over his youngest so he can get some baby cuddles. They always make everything better, after all. Morgan doesn’t even stir as she’s handed to her father, and Tony smiles. “You wanna talk to your brother about it?”
“You were dead,” Wanda says softly before Tony can reply. Tony drops into his chair when his legs can’t hold him anymore. God. He wraps his arms around his middle. “All of you. You were… I don’t know where you were, but everyone he loved was dead. Even the big monster.”
“I was thinking about the Ultron program before we went into that bunker. I won’t deny it, but the equation—I couldn’t seem to solve it. I wanted him to be like—sort of like an extension of Jay—“Tony blinks down at their hands and clears his throat.
The baby has her eyes locked on Steve, and he can’t do anything but stare as she determinedly crosses the space between them until she’s sitting on her bottom right in front of him and making grabby hands up at his face. His hands are shaking violently as he grabs hold of her little fists and helps her stand up, helping her as though she’s made of glass, and then she smiles at him. Steve’s breath catches in his throat as he grabs hold of her and brings her up into his arms. She’s still smiling, this tiny little thing brighter than the sudden, and Steve loves her. Right there and then, there’s an irrevocable feeling of love in his chest that—jesus. He loves this baby girl in a way he’s only felt once before.
had been one of those. The worst part, the most horrible part of it all, was that as he finally gave in and his eyes began to close, the only thing that had brought him comfort had been the thought of Steve.
“Har, breathe,” Tony says softly as the kid continues to wrinkle the hell out of his shirt. He lets the air out of his lungs slowly, and pinches the bridge of his nose. He’d forgotten how perceptive his kids are. He’d forgotten, though it makes him feel like shit, how much Harley had always cared. Even through the snark and the fronting and the big brother couldn’t care less attitude, the kid was gold. Through and through. “I’m not okay, you’re right. I will be, though, and I need you to believe that. I need you to believe that I will get better. I need you to believe that, and to go on being a kid and being rowdy and loud and blowing things up so that I can do it. So that I know that I
“Buck?” His voice doesn’t sound like his own. It’s small and scared like it hasn’t been since he was a little twig of a boy getting beat into the ground.
his parents were gone, how he’d probably planned the hit himself to be able to do the shit he was doing. Nobody,
“Pete,” Tony says with a broad grin and pulls him into his arms. Peter makes a confused noise, but he has never turned down an ecstatic-Dad-must-share-love hug in his life, and today is not an exception. He hugs his father back enthusiastically, but pulls away after a second. “I—I got something today.”
“You… are determined to cast yourself as the villain all the time, aren’t you? You have done good work here, Anthony,” T’Challa says forcefully, trying to meet his eyes.
“You put her in a collar, Stark,” he says at last. “No matter what she did, she’s just a kid, she didn’t deserve that.”
“Yeah, he did,” Rhodes says, and when Steve meets his eyes some of the contempt has left. He looks… relieved.
The blond stares at him for a while as the other man begins to try to pull himself together. It’s incredible, how apt Tony is at sealing all the cracks with temporary glue and slap varnish on top to make the façade look genuine. He wonders how the genius has done this; how often he’d show up with a ready one liner and cocky smirk, and then go back home and fall apart on a big tower or mansion all on his own. He wonders how many times he’s said a cutting word to make the world go away so that he can shatter in peace. More than that, he wonders how many times himself or another member of the team have provided that last cutting word to make the great Tony Stark tumble.
“What if I just wait here,” the mechanic begins a few feet away from the entryway, “and one of you scavenges some food? or better yet, I can go back to the workshop and you can bring me left overs!” he turns his most charming grin on the two boys accompanying him and gets an eye roll from Harley and an unimpressed look from the Captain.
, what the arc reactor has meant for Tony since its conception even if he doesn’t need it anymore. It took a while, but he knows. So he nods, and lets the shame crawl over him.
“Honestly, it’s just a meeting. I’ll be okay. They’ll yell at me for a while, Cap will do the whole ‘we do this together or not at all so you listen to me, Stark’ schtick and then everyone will go on their merry way. We’ll pretend to get along, go on training, wanda and clint will go on hating me. It’ll be all right.”
