"It's them." Bruce's voice was betraying his panic. "They came. They found us. Steve, quickly, get in the car, we need to go!"
"Tony," choked out Steve. He started coughing, his chest hurt, but it was the right kind of pain, it was telling Steve he was alive.
Steve wouldn't survive another connection to the armor, so he touched, very carefully, Tony's opened, broken hand. A shot of pain ran suddenly through his fingers, but the armor moved, and the face panel slid away.
Tony made a couple of steps away. In the armor, Steve was slightly taller than him, but not by much. Still, looking down at Tony instead of up was unusual.
Steve didn't answer, and Bruce raised his voice again:
"Reed's friend," Tony answered, and Hank's look caused goose bumps along Steve’s back. "Don't attack him, he's new here. Look at what I brought you, though."
"I'm sorry," said Steve, quickly, watching Stark's face change color, as if he was a chameleon, getting alternatively white and red without the help of any face paint. "Tony, please. I didn't mean any of this. I didn't..." He realized how pointless it was, trying to change anything with his words, the stress Stark just went through and his anger didn't allow him to look calmly at the situation.
On Illyrica, they lingered. Steve quickly delivered his encoded message to the Barrayaran Embassy, of course, but Tony got stuck in the local tech park, curiously named Monocrystalline Valley. He spent three days there and came back happy and pensive.
"For immobilizing you or...?"
On Steve's part, he quite enjoyed that, especially considering that Stark wasn't pulling on it. Encouraged by the compliment, Steve continued sucking Stark off, even managed to find a pleasing rhythm. His hands kept stroking Stark's hips and then went and squeezed his perky ass.
"Because the serum drove Steve Rogers crazy," all of a sudden, Bruce seemed eager to share the story, "according to the data we have, 'our' Steve was even weaker than you before the experiment. They chose him because they thought he’d fit the role, he was honest, loyal, wanted to serve his country, and he donated his body to science. He turned into an uncontrollable monster and was shot like an animal, after he killed quiet a lot of people."
"I'm not attacking you!"
"No, turn around and get out of here," Tony retorted, annoyed. "Of course, I'm sure. Go ahead. Try... well, try whatever you used to control it before."
"What do you mean? We're going to Athos, of course. That's probably the only world where we'll look like an ordinary couple, among dozens like this," Tony laughed.
Steve immediately updated the map. Hank was still his main lead in this whole thing, and the only one who could explain anything. His flat was relatively close, and Steve was just getting ready to fly off, when he felt something tapping his back. Only then he remembered he wasn't alone, and swore at himself mentally. Hawkeye knocked on the chest plate, like one would check the wall for hollow spots.
"As you wish," the ba responded in an even tone. "Let me ask, what are you looking for? If I know, I will be able to locate the files faster."
Bruce was sleeping, curled into a ball under his blanket, only the strains of dark hair poking out of it and a tall pale forehead. In his sleep, Bruce seemed even more vulnerable. Steve didn't want to wake him, but his body, stiff after his sleep, demanded moving. As soon as he did that, though, Bruce opened his eyes.
"What is it?"
"He's the boss. The people in charge are never late, it's the others that come too early. The meeting won't start without him either way."
"Oh no, how could you think that, she's an haut-lady," Vorbarton made a long face. "But she was very busy. In fact, as it turns out, she didn't wait to be given to a nosy ghem-lord, she was pushing for it."
"I warned you," said Steve.
"Hawkeye." The display lit up with information and personal data, and Steve was starting to have some idea of why exactly S.H.I.E.L.D. didn't like Iron Man. Tony was clearly hacking their systems. "You're investigating scientists' disappearances?"
Tony raised his eyebrow.
Back home, there was the war, and his duty to his country. He had no friends, just his goal and his death that waited for him on the battlefield. Home was empty, cold and dead, and the only feeling it raised in him was his guilt.
"For record keeping, sir," calmly replied the ba, appearing beside him like a family ghost. "I'm sorry, but I couldn't find personal records of the elder Rogers. Either the records are broken, which is not uncommon in barbaric worlds, or I was looking for it in the wrong place."
"It wasn't," said Steve. He looked Tony straight in the eyes, and for some time neither of them spoke. "But I still..." He hesitated, doubting that 'hope' was a good word of choice. "I still think I'll come back and this all will be a mistake."
"Hey," Tony called. Steve stopped and turned around. "Don't go to bed without me."
Ben squeezed his teeth, but stepped away.
"Great. Steve," Tony swayed, turning on his heels. "You'll have to ride your big green friend."
"Let's eat first," she declared and pushed him towards a diner. "I'm starved. Hank shut himself in the lab since morning, and nothing could drag him out of there. I hope they'll remember to feed him."
"Calm your friend, or I'll be forced to restrain him again."
In the place, where the metal was pressing into the meat of his arm, new skin was already growing - thin and slightly pink, but definitely healing.
Steve raised his eyebrows, unconsciously copying Tony's expression when he heard somebody telling him bullshit.
He chose the food quickly but with careful consideration. While the cashier was putting his purchases in a bag, Steve asked:
Even the anger he felt before seemed distant now. Steve knew he should've been mad at being tricked, but he could feel only exhaustion and the ringing silence in his head. He desperately wanted to sleep, but he kept his eyes open, forcing himself to stay awake by sheer stubbornness.
"Who?"
Then the man's hand grasped his hip, Steve broke off the kiss, hitting the back of his head on the door.
"Keep delivering your dispatches. How many do you have left?"
"What," said Steve, "the fuck was that about?"
Bruce was trying to become small and unnoticeable: he pushed his head down into his shoulders, raised the collar of his new jacket, which ironically only got him more attention.
"Careful," he warned.
Steve nodded and tried to move away slightly, while still being close enough to keep warming Stark up. His cock was behaving far more than friendly, but even if Stark noticed anything, he didn't comment. He did get noticeably warmer and his feet, pressed to Steve's, stopped resembling icicles. He also wasn't breathing as hard, and, for some reason, Steve thought the smell of his perfume grew stronger.
He paused for a moment, then started pacing again, nervously gesturing with his hands.
"No, that was an accident in the lab," graciously explained Stark, appearing next to them so suddenly, as if he himself was a holographic projection. "I'm sorry; I've accidentally listened in on your conversation. I assume, in a few days’ time my hair will be much more appropriate. But it seemed... unbecoming to cancel a planned event just because of this."
"What did you..."
"And thirdly, I've studied your personnel file. The real one," said Vorromanof, with an emphasis, and it finally dawned on Steve that the feeling that the unyielding vor-lady was hiding was reverent awe. That was not a good additive to their personal and professional relationships.
Janet started crying.
He made a step forward and raised his hands.
They stopped next to a shabby unremarkable house that looked like it got turned inside out and dragged a few feet in the air. It was likely the village was once a sizeable town, but the decay or lack of money stripped away its former grandeur. It was a really weird place for a scientist, but a great one if you wanted to disappear without a trace.
During his third week working at the shop he found a dusty Beretta under the cash register. It was a small, smooth gun, heavy, but fitting well in his hand. Before that Steve ever only saw modern firearms on pictures on the internet and didn't even imagine he would see one in real life.
"I'll kill that bastard," he sighed.
Steve felt completely empty. Tony's words buzzed in the air, but Steve couldn't understand him, instead hearing other commands. He reached for the bag on instinct.
Steve stroked the soft cover of the book.
"I was drunk in the morning," he said. "Then I blew up a drawer with glassware with my repulsors."
Tony came in half an hour later. He didn't break in, unlike last time, just knocked at the door.
He didn't have time to finish that last question, even in his thought: a shot of pain squeezed his chest, and Steve crawled, till he hit a tree with his back. Hulk stood next to him with a grim expression on his face.
The sky was turning a greenish blue in the east, and he couldn't see the stars anymore. He shamefully fell asleep, but woke up right at dawn, as was his habit, or even a bit earlier – the sun wasn't rising yet.
Either way, first he had to do something to wake up, finally – exercising seemed like the best solution. Steve took the cup from the table where Tony left it and opened the door.
we landed yesterday but they keep us on quarantine
Instead of heading to the armor, Steve went upstairs to sort through his purchases – paints, a couple of canvases and new brushes. He felt the urge to come back to his old hobby and start drawing again for a while already, but only now he finally felt ready for it.
"Four years, I can't imagine," he said, touching his reactor. "I've a lot to show you."
Janet nodded, and they slowly went towards the exit, half-hugging each other.
"That's a convenient excuse," marveled Stark, but he didn't argue, it wasn't worth another battle royal.
Looking serious really didn't suit Tony. Steve felt irrationally anxious, looking at him, but he wasn't afraid. He was even glad, deep in his heart. Maybe, the war made an adrenalin maniac out of him after all.
So you'd better now begin,
Steve had a desperate thought that some things would've been better staying in his head.
"Hey," Tony called, softly, "I'm joking, don't take it like that."
Annoyed, Steve rubbed his nose and went straight to business:
"You assembled it?"
"We're going to, of course," agreed Stark, leading him to the bridge. "For that to be possible, though, I think we have to come clean to each other. You suspect me, I suspect you, and that's a distraction from our real enemies."
"And chased him out of his own room," sadly noted Stark, letting out a hoarse sigh. His throat was starting to hurt.
Jarvis met him at the door. He smiled warmly at the sight of Tony and closed the door.
"I went to that charity thing and to the meeting with the board of directors," he said, indignant. "What more do you want?"
"No. It's just that now that we know everything, it's not so weird anymore. First of all, now I'm also a direct subordinate of Colonel Fury."
"Come on, hold it, I'll figure something out. Remember the safeguard. Remember you're not alone."
"Bullshit. Even if you do believe that I'm a mentally unstable child killer," said Stark. "I have no codes. Even if your security personnel was typing them in, they did it discreetly enough that I haven't noticed. I haven't strayed away from the guide, and that's easy to prove if you look through security footage. All devices that, as we were told at the start of it, could affect the performance of replicators, I left at the entrance. More than that, where would my ba get teratogens? My luggage and that of all people accompanying me was thoroughly checked and re-checked, as was the mansion. And Jarvis couldn't buy them after our arrival, which is also easy to prove, all our movements and purchases are recorded. I'm sure your personnel already went through the records."
"Really?" Tony feigned surprise. "I think we will. You won't be able to resist the temptation of connecting to the armor."
Banner fell silent. Steve took off his backpack, rummaged inside and took out the picture.
They arrived quickly. Steve expected another apartment, perhaps, as small and cluttered as the one Reed had, but what he saw instead was a giant complex of milky-white buildings. Steve squinted and read the name, and while it didn't precisely tell him anything, he got the gist of it: this was a state-run research facility. It made sense for scientists to be here.
"Doctor Erskine was assassinated," Steve answered. "The serum was never created."
"For you to work," the woman answered.
"If I remember correctly, it's 'Traditional ghem face paint for idiots and Barrayarans, second edition, revised and brought to perfection'," Steve sighed. "The author's someone named Hen Rau. He's Cetagandan, of course."
"That's why I mentioned handcuffs," Tony muttered. "No one, though? In four years?" He gave Steve a disbelieving look. "What about women? You had women in the forties."
"And that mastermind was...?" The Consul raised his eyebrow. "Don't forget, only my mother could order the ba to commit that crime. I think a two meters’ tall woman with her hair sweeping the ground couldn't arrive on Barrayar unnoticed."
"What are you on about?"
"There's a couple more things, Steve," he said. "I've made automated power sources before, but I've never seen one implanted in a human body. It's risky."
"And nobody found us yet," added Steve. "You wanted to leave at dawn?"
"And I need you to stop trespassing. Now, one of us is in the wrong here."
"Your skin? That's weird."
Steve had to grab the edge of the table to steady himself.
"Of course," said Steve. Pepper smiled, her expression growing softer.
They didn't stay long on Tau Ceta, they went to a couple of local parks and had a dinner in a restaurant. Then, Steve saw the other members of the crew for the first time, there were four of them, and they were the grimmest young Cetagandans in the world, even the festive gold and red face-paint with all those twirls didn't make them look joyful.
"You have water showers here? Not ionic ones?"
"Who do you think I am, Mister Stark?"
"Go ahead, then. Your territory – your rules." The Cetagandan spread his hands. "If you think that all the people present should hear the answer."
The transformation was almost instantaneous: one moment Bruce was squirming on the ground, trying to get away from Steve, and the next something burst through. Hulk was really a giant green monster with his face twisted in rage. He had nothing in common with Bruce, other than tatters of the man's clothing. The weapons were raging all around, the bullets pierced the ground and tore through the truck, but nothing reached Steve. Hulk stood in the line of fire, and Steve couldn't tear his eyes away from him.
He looked distracted. The fingers of his bandaged hand were twitching softly, as if trying to press invisible keys.
"I haven't..." Steve gave an irritated stare in answer to Tony's mocking one. "I haven't taken my shirt off. Not whatever you were thinking."
"... there will be some Cetagandans at the banquet, as well, so it definitely won't be boring. You know them."
"Check that nothing's missing."
They ate in silence. Steve didn’t really feel like doing it, but forced himself anyway, out of habit acquired during the war. After the breakfast, Ben put all the dirty dishes in the sink and grumbled: "I'm pretty sure Johnny will come today. I'll make him do all the dishes, just let him try and get away from it."
Steve closed his eyes for a moment.
Steve pushed it all aside and turned, following the route the armor calculated, trying not to speed up too much. He was well aware of the speed the armor was capable of, his head was full of data: flight conditions, air resistance, the maximum height Steve could reach. He wondered, absent-mindedly, if Tony was seriously considering going into space, and then: god, he hoped Tony wasn't in trouble.
"Janet, what happened?"
"Stark," she growled, "get the hell out of here."
"Come in. They're waiting for you in the hall."
Instead of calming him down, his blindness only made Steve angrier, even though he tried desperately to take himself under control.
"I think I know who they are," whispered Tony, pulling Steve aside. "They're experiments of one of Jackson's Whole Houses. Not Rioval or Bharaputra, those stopped their activities years ago, but something smaller that stayed undetected long enough to expect the disappearance of its competitors. But why here?"
"Wait, I'm coming with you." His hands shook, but he managed to enter the right combination. "I wanted to try this for a while. This is my chance to check what I've managed to do..."
"Let's make some things clear: my mother's ba was discovered trying to hack replicator control systems by a guard? Did they paralyze Jarvis and call you?" Stark stared at the woman, theoretically responsible for this interrogation.
Tony got out of the corridor and waved his cane to draw Ben's attention.
The coffee Tony made was black and so sweet it resembled syrup more than anything else. Steve was pretty sure that was he to put a spoon in it, it'd stay standing.
"From a Cetagandan ship?" Steve sighed, resigning himself to his fate.
"That's outside the city," she explained. "There's an old mining town there, it's half-dead, though. The mine went bankrupt and all the people moved, just old folk and gold-diggers there now. You want another toast?"
"You need to go," said Steve, carefully touching Tony's forehead. "Ross can find us again."
"Have you been to Disneyland?" she asked instead of a greeting. "Don't answer, that's not important. Are you free today? I need to go shopping and Hank's always..." Janet stopped, and Steve vividly imagined her rolling her eyes. "I promise no lingerie store!"
Steve actually knew what could've interested the ghem-lord in his biography. But where could Stark find the initial information?
There could be a reasonable explanation, of course, the distance, for example, or maybe, Tony was blocking him somehow, but Steve still felt a wave of irrational panic overwhelm him.
Tony laughed from inside the cupboard.
Since the day Steve asked for help in his research, he and Tony were talking almost daily. Steve couldn’t understand, what was driving the man, though. Maybe, he found it amusing to speak with an alien, maybe it was something else, but he responded eagerly to any of Steve's ideas and supported him, even when those ideas involved breaking the law. After all, it was hard to call breaking into a state archive anything else. Sometimes Steve thought that that's what friendship looks like, but he always suppressed that thought. He never had friends. He was terrified of being wrong about it.
"I'm still waiting on the thrilling story of how S.H.I.E.L.D. convinced you to work for them."
"Italian investors want your head on a platter," she announced, pointing her finger accusingly at something. "A little bit more of this and they'll get it."
"Captain?" the ba asked, its normally level voice slightly more worried. "Could you help me?"
"Carol, are you alright?" called her Howard.
"Do you have a phone? An address?"
"I don't understand," answered Steve, softly. He got no answer and, turning to Bruce, was surprised to notice that the man fell asleep in an uncomfortable position, with his head falling back. Steve sighed, carefully covered him with a blanket and took a couple sheets of paper and a pencil out of his backpack. He wasn't joking about the pictures.
"Sue would be glad, though," Reed continued, "she said I should rest, right? But how can I rest, when the flight is so soon, and I haven't even finished the calculations, not to mention that I was going to check them, but there's just no time. Sometimes it seems..."
"Did Reed ask you to come?" asked Steve while they were going down the stairs. He couldn't see Tony's face, just his back, but the shoulders translated his amusement well enough.
"Yes. Firstly, your friends, they are one floor below us now. Doctor Pym still isn't himself after our sessions, so, I think you understand what I'm trying to say." He looked at Steve through the monocle. "I think, you understand. You and I, Captain Rogers, we're a different kind of people."
He could see the mini-bus they came here in, grey lines of the roads, parks and houses - endless tall buildings stretching to the sky, as if trying to outgrow each other. New York these days looked like a giant beast with glorious stone skin covered in moss. And even the color of the sky seemed different to Steve. Maybe, it was just that during the war he forgot how to look at it and not expect to see enemy jets.
"Is something wrong?" he asked.
"Will you believe me if I say I am?" asked Tony, somewhat surprised. "That's weird. Besides, I rather believe my insensitivity to drugs and alcohol – aphrodisiacs are no different."
Steve raised his head.
"What were you even looking for?" asked Tony, when they were already in the car. "Traces of evil experiments? Grimm, stop mother-henning him. You have Reed, he needs it more."
Tony almost stumbled, and Steve belatedly got scared that he'd fall and break all the bones they just put back in their places. When he looked at Steve again, his face was beaming with absolute, pure, frightening happiness.
Tony gave him a nervous glance and Steve clenched his teeth, fighting his thoughts. The main thing when trying to survive was listening to someone who knew the situation better than you did. But could he trust Tony? He was hurt and tired, how adequate was his behavior?
"We won’t be linked all the time."
Then, it dawned on him that he just casually started commanding other person's servant, and he looked at Stark, expecting him to be angry. But he saw nothing like that. Jarvis, too, didn't express any protest, apparently, Barrayar's usual 'stand there and do what I say' style of commanding was working like a charm.
There was a pause, then Steve heard Tony's chuckle.
"But you..." Steve leaned down and kissed the twisted lips of the displeased Cetagandan. He didn't even know what he was trying to do – comfort him? Make things easier? Nothing was getting any easier for himself, Stark was hot and smooth, he wanted to push all the way in...
"I don't need you to comfort me, Steve. Nor to cheer me up. There are only two possible outcomes: either I do this right and we can knock ourselves out playing with the armor, or I fuck it up and I'll have your death on my conscience." He breathed out, loudly. "I hate fucking up."
"Never got abandoned after the first night before?" Tony hummed. His voice was alarmingly slow, but his eyes were clear. He looked at the place where Steve was touching him and smirked. "Still, you're late."
"You've no idea," said Steve. "Or, actually, I guess you do."
Steve was speaking cautiously, thinking about his every word, and he still wasn't sure he was doing things the right way. From what Bruce told me, it seemed that Hulk was irrational, mad, angry like a murder machine, but looking at him now, it was hard not to admit that he protected Steve.
"I..."
Banner jumped from his place in a sudden twitching move and went to the cloth (Steve couldn't quite call it a curtain) that closed the window.
"You can't control him," said Steve.
Where was...
"He had a funny German accent. You know what I think, Steve?" said Tony. "I think he did it. He hypnotized me. I feel weird."
"Oh, Steve," now he sounded amused. "Missed me?"
"I," Steve swallowed, "I already told you I don't wanna talk about it."
"You need to go to a hospital," he insisted. "You've lost a lot of blood."
"I won't."
Tony paused, probably gathering his thoughts, and Steve grabbed the t-shirt and came closer.
"Have you decided about the armor?" Tony asked.
"Do you know, where Tony is?" asked Janet.
"Yeah," Steve didn't argue.
Stark tried to fight the urge to run his fingers through Steve's shortly trimmed hair and the urge, understandably, won.
Tony clearly didn’t believe what he was saying, but Steve laughed anyway, at least, it broke up the tension in the air. There was no reason to stall any longer, though, and Tony, apparently, understood that, too. He stood up.
Steve didn’t say a word. The first person not of this house that he met in this world was fast, loud and incomprehensible, just like the time he lived in. He looked the part as well - in a suit, with a strange foldable cane and a wheelchair that looked way more high-tech than it had any right to be. Steve probably wouldn't have been surprised to learn it could fly.
"Then again, Pepper says I don’t take care of anything, I just come and yell and ruin my reputation," Tony continued. He moved to press something on the tablet, frowned, as if only now noticing his hands were occupied, and touched the screen with his nose. "As if it can be ruined any further."
"If it's Tony's business, it's my business." She sighed, again. "Look, he's a difficult person to get along with, he can be rough and rude, unbearable sometimes."
"Of course, it's blue," muttered Tony. "You can play with the armor while I'm gone, just don't save any kittens from trees."
Lost in all of these not quite unhappy, but definitely worrisome thoughts, he didn't even notice himself eating something (Jarvis remarked, with a sigh, that while eating sweet tarts with spicy sauce was definitely a bold choice, it could've been taken the wrong way in a polite society).
"Are you sure you're not a lost Vorbarr? Maybe you're not even a Barrayaran but a well-concealed Cetagandan? You're definitely tall enough to be one, and the way you look..."
Steve gave an unsure shrug and looked at chopsticks in his hand. Noticing his hesitation, Tony showed the way he was holding them, clicked them a couple of times and took something out of a small paper box.
The suitable occasion for asking the question came quite soon: as a part of cultural exchange program, the Cetagandan Embassy traditionally organized a festival of admiring the moon (or, in case of Barrayar – the moons). Even the stubbornest and most traditional Vors wouldn't decline the invitation – namely because they saw nothing bad in admiring moons and eating light appetizers. If the Cetagandans wanted to see each satellite as a hare preparing the powder of immortality – let them, as long as they didn't start wars because of it. Even though nobody, including the Catagadans themselves, could understand, how believing in the hare living on the moon co-existed with secure knowledge that it didn't, in fact, exist due to almost complete exploration of space.
"This was the first time I could hold him back," he sighed and reached for the bottle of water. Steve belatedly remembered to hand him the bag with food.
"Don't be stupid," interjected Steve. "Honestly, I just feel sorry for your capes. My jumpsuit, however, will be perfectly fine. You can consider it personal. I was cold, once, for a really long time, and since then, I... Jarvis, finally. Give me the blanket, find me a spare jumpsuit and, another thing, is there ethanol on board? Pure?"
He was distracted from his thoughts, finally, by somebody knocking on his door. Pepper was standing there, holding her shoes under her arm like one would hold a clutch.
The tips of Tony's mouth twitched up, as if he was trying to hide a grin. He clearly didn't believe it, but then again, Steve didn't particularly believe himself.
For some reason, the confession got Janet excited.
Steve spent probably the calmest month in his life studying books and video-files, so he was quite surprised getting a comm-call from Vorbarton in the middle of an almost winter night. His friend was grim and focused, not resembling his usual behavior at all.
The old woman squinted in doubt. Her eyebrows, unlike her hair, were pitch black.
All of it went out the window in these three days of waiting. Steve was horribly anxious every moment of every day, he slept badly, he constantly checked the phone and overreacted to every knock on the door – even if it was just a client in the shop – Steve turned around every single time, feeling fear and hope all at once. He was eager to see Tony and dreading what would follow at the same time. He felt as if he was in zero gravity, or falling down a rabbit's hole.
Stark looked at the printed text, but in his mind he saw instead strokes, and swirls of his mother's elegant handwriting. He was angry.
His gaze was not unkind, but still careful and sharp.  Steve suspected, if Happy had some objections against him living here, he'd be already on the ground with his face pressed to the floor.
"Yes?" said Stark, his demeanor and voice completely unperturbed. "Sorry, couldn't resist. I told you that this sock you dressed in accentuates everything very nicely and doesn't hide a thing."
"What do you do?"
"Steve," somebody called. "Steve, wake up. Steve, please, wake up."
"How do you..."
Steve stood in front of Hank and Janet, repulsor glowing on his raised hand. It was nothing serious, just the light, but it could be taken as a warning.
That thought, however, was hardly soothing.
"Keep in mind, this is the first time I'm doing this. So, don't keep quiet if I'm doing something you don't like it."
"I've only one sleeping bag," he said, somewhat guiltily. "But there are some blankets and warm clothes."
Steve obeyed. He forced himself to keep still and keep kissing Tony till he felt dizzy, and Tony... Tony melted under him, pulled him in, inch after inch, excruciatingly slow, his silky hot insides hugging him up to his balls, his hips hugging Steve, his fingers now pushing into his back encouraging.
"Well, drink it, then," said Steve and poured some for himself. Stark's teeth stopped chattering, and his eyes got a certain glint in it, which was a positive change in Steve's book. "I hope nothing else bad happens today."
"But..."
"Follow Master Tony, sir," Jarvis smiled. "I'll take care of everything. Do you want me to take your outer clothes?"
Steve noticed people calling him only when Tony patted his shoulder. Steve flinched and looked at him, feeling lost.
Tony hummed.
"Have you known Reed for long?" she asked instead.
"Tired?" Steve took out a small pack that had some sandwiches in it, divided them and gave half to Bruce. The man nodded his thanks.
He asked Tony, if Ross could arrest them both for aiding a criminal, but the man brushed him off.
It was just like Tony – to buy the whole train just to feel slightly more comfortable. Steve hummed.
"Listen, Doctor Banner..."
"That's artificial intelligence. Holy crap. Your world must look so much cooler than ours seventy years later. I'd give anything to see it."
"You're learning fast," muttered Tony. "Or is it because you were already a pilot?"
When the suit finally came back, Janet was almost calm and barely shaking in Steve's hands. He had to move away for the man to give Janet water, and the suit pulled him to the side.
"Who are you?" Now Tony really looked scared. "Are you even human?"
"Horrible," Stark winced. "Although, quite understandable from a historical point of view. So, you were born as a living proof of everything wrong with the natural reproduction. And?"
"Your wonder boy from the forties," their guest continued, undisturbed. "Don't play dumb with me, Reed, you can't lie. Well? Where? In the kitchen? Guessing by the panic in your eyes, I'm right. Move away, or I'll crush your feet."
"Hank came back to himself, but he's only saying gibberish. You appear in the armor. Tony disappears. Don't argue! I don't like this. Dad always told me to stay clear of scientist, but have I ever listened?"
Tony snorted and kicked a piece of glass from an aquarium – the ants that were previously crawling over it scattered away. Steve, who tried to tactfully look away and ended up staring at the blood smears on the walls, raised his eyebrows.
Steve smirked, moved back and lied down on the blanket spread on the ground, looking at the night sky.
"My man," started Tony, "what did I tell you about performing tests on yourself?"
Steve laughed, all of a sudden, and Tony's eyes widened, making him look absolutely ridiculous. That was a first for Steve – he saw Tony serious, laughing, tired, half-asleep, wounded, sarcastic... One person with so many sides to him, like a whole small world.
Then, a wave of fury overcame his arousal. Tony had to know what was happening. He must've realized the moment Steve connected. It must've been an attempt to provoke him. With every breath Steve took now, the fury got stronger. Not quite understanding what he was doing, he jumped to his feet and rushed from the room.
"Betty," answered Bruce. "I called her once, but couldn't think of anything to say. Just breathed into the phone like an idiot. They probably told her I'd died. I don't know."
"Not now," he whispered with barely concealed panic. "No, it's alright, everything's fine. Please, not now."
"You're unique," Tony interrupted him and raised his glass. Steve wasn’t quite clear if that was him making a toast, or accusing him. "You're unique even now, yet you probably think you're useless."
"Watch it," he said, touching a big piece of metal sticking into him with his thumb. "Carefully."
"For what?"
He reached for his pockets and, not finding his glasses there, frowned.
He looked exhausted and, at least it seemed that way to Steve, was barely staying conscious. He could hardly be trusted with a pencil in this state, let alone a screwdriver.
As the future had it, they were both far from the truth: the new consul, introduced to them at the start of the banquet, was completely wrong. For one, Steve was already used to the fact that all Cetagandans were tall, even than compared to him, but this one was slightly shorter, and for their people could probably almost be considered a dwarf.
"Looks like a dentist one, doesn't it?" he drawled, in thought. "Well, are you ready?"
"Hmm, maybe it's both," muttered Stark. "Anyway, you can go rest now. I'll torment the local network with questions myself."
"That's why you gathered all the scientists around you?"
"Hulk won't let me die."
Having finished that, Steve read up on mutants. Banner's slip up showed Steve there was still a lot of things he didn't know about this world. Then again, reading catchy article titles and drier language of scientific papers Steve stumbled upon familiar words: 'healing factor', 'mutation' and bright pictures brought back the memories of war. Steve met some strange guys back then. One of them, a Canadian, even saved Steve's life, cutting the chains around his armor with his claws. That wasn't what made Steve remember him, though: the guy swore and smoked so much it made Steve’s eyes tear up, and he almost dragged him to a brothel, just because, according to him, any self-respecting soldier should've already gone there. Steve just couldn't recall his name.
"What are you suggesting?"
"I think this whole thing was pretty useless," said Steve. "I don't have anything to tell Reed."
Apparently, Tony also was, Steve continued the thought, one of those people that had to hear a direct question a couple of times to finally answer it.
Steve wanted to answer, but Tony kissed him again, softly touching his lips, the corner of his chin, sliding his lips along the curve of his shoulder. If Steve was capable of any protest before, now fighting Tony, his own arousal, the pleasure he felt from the lips touching his collarbones and neck, seemed completely pointless.
"We talked about this!"
"No, but it's a good idea," Tony hummed.
"S-s-stronger," he hissed like a snake, urging Steve with his feet. "Fas-s-ster!"
"That I wouldn't believe," Janet breathed out. She tilted her head, like an animal studying its surroundings for danger. "And I refuse to answer your questions, until you bring Hank back, alive and well."
It was half past five. The sun had already risen, flooding the kitchen with yellow and green light, painting shadows from the arch leading to the corridor.
"Food! God, you're a miracle. This is exactly what I need."
"Let's drink to that."
"How would I know? I've received an order, I quote 'to wake me up in the middle of the night and drag me by my ears from anything'."
Steve opened his eyes as soon as the car stopped. The day was coming to an end. It was enough of the little light that was there to see that they were on a hill with a few rocks around.
"That's to be expected. I told you, my mother tried to make me look as much like him, as she could. But you knew my father. So I was digging in the right direction."
Tony blinked, smirking slightly.
"Where are we going?" asked Steve.
"The project was closed, because the head scientist was killed, and the serum was never finished," Steve continued, "but they didn't give up, and a new project, Iron Man, was started. I was offered to take part in it."
"Finally," Tony sighed, "where have you gone?"
"Why don't you invite people using comms, like a normal person?" asked Vorbarton, seemingly out of nowhere.
Tony gave him a puzzled look, perched himself on the edge of a seat and started rocking on its legs. From the resulting squeaky noise, Steve’s headache just got worse.
His tone had a hint of anger in it, but this Steve could deal with. Everyone reacted to stress in a different way: some got worried, some overwork themselves to death or repeated everything constantly, and some – like Tony – got angry. That was better than shaking from it, in Steve's opinion.
"There's an exhibition closing in three days that I wanted to see. I've a day off in two."
"Ramps, Richards!" somebody exclaimed in the corridor. "Ramps..."
Clutching the chair's back, Steve tried to do just that. His legs gave out under him, but Tony caught him in time, holding his waist, and Steve practically hung onto him. He wasn't really all that short, the impression came from him being thin and slouching all the time. He almost ditched that habit in the army, but he started doing it again having no reason to stand at attention anymore. At the back of his mind, irritation surfaced at letting himself go this way and not making an effort. Now he'll probably have a reason to start training again.
"We need to talk," said Steve.
"Steve," Janet whispered. "Where's Hank? What if..."
The trouble started when Steve noticed how Bruce couldn't quite grasp the stick shift anymore.
"Steve," he whispered, "it's an awkward thing, but... could you do me a favor?"
As if reading his words, Tony looked at his mangled hand and squirmed.
"I take it our roles in bed are pre-determined and not up to question," muttered Stark and threw his head back, following the hand that pulled his hair.
"Indeed, that was malicious intent against the father, perfectly fine by Barrayaran standards," Tony smiled, suddenly resembling a painted demon, even with his face unusually devoid of any paint. "I suppose, we shouldn't even try to recall what Yuri the Mad did, after all, three generations have passed..."
"This is madness," he said, "the armor must've driven me mad ages ago, and I'm lying in a hospital. All of this – the future, antmen, hulks, you – is just my feverish fantasy."
"The head with other parts of his body are out of my reach. I'll provide the blanket and the tea," Jarvis nodded, with dignity, and, clearly considering his mission of extracting Tony from the shower complete, disappeared.
"Great," Steve heard Barton's disgruntled voice. "Let's assemble a parade."
'Here it is again!' thought Stark, but didn't start bickering with the ba, just nodded and continued the calculations. Following the principle 'can't hide it – put it on display', he decided not to dim the second moon, after all. So, the night in question, the guests of the embassy froze next to the windows, admiring the beauty and splendor of the autumn sky. Both moons shined so bright, as if the hares supposedly inhabiting them stopped whatever they were doing before and rubbed the surfaces of the moons until they shone like precious metals. The stars, that shouldn't have seemed so bright against the scattered night lights, glittered like hot metal spikes pinned to the dark blue velvet of the night.
Tony went around him, dialed a combination on a panel and pushed the door. It opened to a workshop, or something alike, Steve couldn't quite see – everything was blurry.
"Don't tell me again you're incapable of making your own decisions and just a humble executor," he said, with a mix of admiration and anger in his voice. "Truly, why do we only think about the global scale? It suffices to just be old and weak to wish to repeat my father's and his partner's success with you... not to have any other options... But why not? Because the clone that was already prepared for the brain transplant got killed and the Betan rejuvenation treatment only exists in fiction," Tony's thoughts were flowing quickly, as were his words, almost with no pauses, like a tongue twister. "The old Baron Fell is not just old, he's ancient and just about to become history. He would grab any lifeline, especially one as promising as you. You need to contact that lovely lady, and I – my mother," finished Stark, almost jumped off his sofa and rushed to the bridge.
Answering the ghem-lord's questioning gaze, the ba gave him a thing smile and declared:
It took Steve some time to understand he meant Happy.
"It was here since Howard's time. Then I started using it to get heavy parts to the roof. A couple of years ago." Tony's voice got thoughtful. "Not much of an adventure to get stuck in an elevator in a mansion with three floors, right?"
"I'm a hero in this story," Barton stepped away from the doorway and spread his hands, as if stretching his shoulders. "Oh, come on. I know where all the fun is, you want to go there, and you're Iron Man. Besides, if I read the situation correctly, your friends," he nodded at Janet and Hank, "got messed up in it, too. Boss doesn't often allow others to meddle in our business, and you've been circling SHIELD for a while. Everybody wins. You're coming?"
Steve was far more intrigued by Stark's mention of his mother. All that he learned about the Cetagandan Empire suggested that mostly patriarchal state was ruled by unofficial and well-masked matriarchy, so making important decisions with wives' and mother's approval was quite understandable. Even the Emperor, often officially called as Celestial Father, had four wives and twice as much consorts who had quite real political and, even more importantly, genetic power. But deciding not to cut his hair not to upset his mother? That was peculiar, even for a matriarchy.
"Here's the plan," Tony said, his voice much more confident and strong than half an hour before. "We're going into town, getting some money... do they have ATMs? I hope so, the city with a train station cannot not have ATMs. So, we get the money, buy some clothes and get back to New York. Doctor Banner?"
"My phone?" Steve asked again, feeling like an utter idiot.
Steve didn't think it was stupid. He was generally suspicious, even a slight deviation from the norm would make him question things. During the war, this behavior was dictated by his desire to stay alive, but now the rules were different. Maybe this was just how scientists behaved.
"Don't even think about it," Janet growled again, and Tony slipped outside, smirking.
He easily got up from a chair and went to an antique bar in the corner of the room.
Steve let it go. He couldn't not obey, obeying orders was now one of his primal instincts. He would've probably obeyed even unconscious. The void that engulfed him rang in his ears, and Steve, weakened by it, fell in Tony's hands, trying to get his bearings.
"Why?" asked Steve.
"No?" He half-asked and half-answered, and Ben gave him a wide smile.
Steve squinted at Tony who was standing with his back straight and looking forward. There was no more life in his eyes than in Hank's robot.
Steve blinked and shook his head, not quite sure if he was agreeing or arguing against it. It took all his willpower to stay conscious, so he could hardly answer even if he tried. The thoughts in his head condensed to just two: the armor was protection; to lose the armor was to lose it.
"Yeah, you do."
This time, the curtains were open for some reason. The window took up a whole wall and showed carefully trimmed grass, a fence and a bright green hill right behind it that was surrounded by a line of tall grey skyscrapers.
"Trying to figure out if your declaration was an aftereffect of stress," he finished.
"I wonder if you can increase separate parts of your body with this thing?" asked Barton.
A bird called somewhere in the distance, and Steve opened his eyes abruptly, clutching the sleeping bag in his fists. He dreamt of holding a rifle.
"Pepper."
"Are you sure there's no aphrodisiacs involved in this? Just so I know."
"Did you have someone?" Bruce asked in a suddenly loud voice. "Back there, in your world?"
"Grimm, are you trying to sneak away our McFly?"
"Of course, she didn't," confirmed Howard. "If three people know something, everybody knows it. Two still have a chance to keep it secret."
"You weren't in a bikini," Tony answered, pulling away from Steve's hands. "You were in the armor."
Steve squirmed back again, but Tony caught his chin, holding him in place, and put a plastic mask over Steve's face. The last thing Steve felt was a cold slippery touch of gloves on his skin and pain – but for some reason only in his wrists.
"I'm not afraid of being linked with you," he said, slowly.
"Your Cet got arrested."
"The ba," Stark sighed, disappointed but serious. "What do they know."
She frowned, suddenly, looking at something above Steve's shoulder, then raised her eyebrows.
"And here he is discussing Dono The Mad's architectural style, quoting classical poetry and making long term predictions about development of gardens with endemic and imported plants," muttered Captain Rogers looking at the screen. "When did he become an expert in all of this? Yesterday?"
"No, why, keep going," the Cetagandan, too pleased with himself, almost purred. He was intrigued by Rogers' unusual response to a basically innocent remark, and didn't want to lose a chance to listen to stories about the life of a modest Imperial Courier.
"Probably," agreed Steve, who felt somewhat guilty talking about a woman whose son he literally was lying on. "Give it here," he took Stark's haul away from him. It was really a jar of cream, dense and smelling like a whole bouquet of flowers. Steve even felt his nose tingling.
Steve nodded and took out his phone under Banner's piercing gaze. The man tore away the cover, took out a small chip, threw it on the floor and crushed it with his heel.
"Tony," he called, quietly.
Steve woke up feeling a weird tension in his chest. He reacted before he could think, calling the armor. The armor that, of course, was nowhere to be found in the middle of a field in Mississippi.
"You attacked him. I think he doesn't really like you."
"Come in," he waved his hands. Tony told his people to wait outside and call the police, in case something happens, and walked inside. Jarvis looked in as well, but then shook his head and stayed outside. Steve, however, couldn't hold his curiosity and followed inside.
Steve rubbed his face. He felt weak and nauseous. He knew he couldn't trust Faustus, but his gut was telling him the man wasn't lying. There was no reason to lie about this. Steve could go back home.
"Not yet," answered Steve.
The screen in front of his eyes showed all exists from the mansion and traced the road to the lab, following his unvoiced command. Steve stood up, carefully, recalling all Tony's pointers, but as he rose few feet in the air, it turned out to be easier just to follow his well-trained instincts – the armor was listening, following his every order the moment Steve relaxed enough to take charge of it.
"And unofficially you won't be banned from Barrayar, but you will have to leave for your own safety. And I think, Steve should come with you. If the criminals have plans for him, that'll ruin those. Besides, he can keep an eye on you and share the information with us. You can't expect us just to let you go either which way."
"Chin up," said Tony, amused, "and stop picking at me, being boring doesn’t suit you."
"Of course," Steve brushed away his thoughts and looked at Jarvis. "What is it?"
"You know, all this makes my head spin," confessed Tony, who already climbed the habitual for Cetagandans huge bed and wrapped around Steve in the most pleasing way. "It all started as just a favor to my mother, and now..."
He went down the stairs, still swaying slightly from side to side, and soon disappeared from view. Judging by how he was leaning on walls, nothing was going to go anywhere in any way today.
"I've been trying to ask her out for a month. First she was busy with work, then she had a vacation, then Tony stole her to France, so all hope rests on this Saturday."
"You're lacking van Dyne's straightforwardness," remarked Tony.
"Sorry, it was an accident. I'm not really used to all of this just yet."
"I agree." On their way, Steve glanced briefly at unoccupied cabins that looked no bigger than a shoebox, but with its own shower each, at the compact mess-room and, finally, at the rather big in comparison tactical control room that occupied almost half of the whole space of the ship. "Did you really design all of this?"
Something was making him uneasy, some kind of detail that stood out from the norm and didn't let him focus on the conversation. The kitchen was fine, the noise from the TV wasn't distracting enough, and Steve just couldn't understand what was it, until he looked at Tony again. There was no wheelchair.
"Just you, then," Steve nodded at Barton.
A way back, echoed in Steve's thoughts.
"Is it? Worth it?"
Steve didn't waste time choosing a room and just entered the first one that was open. It was small and cozy, and didn't particularly fit with the rest of the grandiose house, but even then it was bigger than the living room in Reed's apartment.
Tony kept watching him.
"I don't know what you're talking about," Hank folded his arms and nodded at Steve, "who's that?"
Steve rubbed his hand in a nervous gesture. It was a dubious lead, but it was the only one he had. There was an obsessive thought jumping around Steve's head: if this concerned scientists, maybe, Tony was also involved. Was that why he didn't come back?
"You know, judging by the map, the Embassy should be somewhere in this district," he hurried to change the topic. "Let me drop the dispatch, and then we can go take a look at that garden? It's interesting. And it matches your face-paint."
Tony was looking into nowhere. He had this calm, steady pulse again. Steve couldn't help himself and squeezed his shoulder again, trying to get his attention. Nothing happened.
He did like it, though. Almost as much as he liked watching Tony think.
The army taught Steve to sleep in any circumstances: he could nod off in the armor, in the mud, in a trench, sitting, standing, any way just to get some shut-eye. Falling asleep in a softly rocking car was no big deal. He was dreaming of his mother: she was coughing and constantly sending him out of the room – to get some water, to get the doctor, to call the priest. Steve couldn't take a look at her face. His mother was dying, her tuberculosis was getting worse, and all Steve could recall were the sound of her voice and the coughing.
Steve didn't want to talk about anything, but the silence was clearly driving Tony crazy. It was driving him crazy, too. Being able to concentrate on waiting was useful during the war, but now it was just annoying and almost physically painful.
"I can't really feel sorry for them," Steve shook his head. "Who else knows, now?"
Perhaps, the easiest realization was that Steve didn't lose anything beyond his purpose in life. In his world he had no friends left, no girlfriend, which somewhat surprised and reassured Ben, and no family. Nobody grieved his loss, other than the government that didn't have access to its expensive project anymore.
"I could knock you out right now and leave you here," said Banner in a grim voice when they were at the door. "But then nobody would find you, and another death will be on my conscience." He kept moving without a glance behind.
"Howard said," Tony remarked in a thoughtful voice, "that there's nothing bad in average, if you do understand you're average."
"Call someone else," said Steve, barely attempting to not make it sound like an order. "Three or four other scientists, preferably ones that are somewhat connected to Hank. Then call me back."
"But why," Steve continued the thought, "have you noticed now? What changed? I mean..."
"Yeah," Tony answered, not missing a beat. "All that bullshit about self-discovery. I remember."
"I'm sorry," said Tony. "I think I can fix this. Well, theoretically, at least, in reality I've no idea what to do, but I'll think of something, I'm smart."
"Iron Man?"
"My father," said Tony, quietly, abandoning his attempts to get free, "whether he's dead or alive, left me healthy, self-sufficient, prosperous and taking part in something important, and not a sickly little guy that nobody needs, only suited for experimentation on Jackson's Whole, that his own Empire didn't care for until his shoulders got so wide he stopped fitting into doors. Ghem-lords do care about their families, one way or another. And if you want to keep this lovely discussion of who's the bigger freak, by all means, I won't hesitate to hit you where it hurts. But let's not. The worst thing we can do when stuck in a confined space is make a mortal enemy out of each other. Now let me go."
"You will achieve nothing pressuring him. I know what I'm doing," Tony was going to touch his forehead, but froze, looking at his bandaged hand. "Trust me."
Reed gave a happy smile and a nod, and practically pushed Steve outside, not letting him finish.
"I don't think so," said Tony, after a moment of reflection. "Steve is probably right. I can't even imagine how much energy your supposed source has to make, for the garden to be working only on excess. Even a whole cellar of enriched uranium wouldn't suffice."
"Let's go," he repeated. "What's gonna happen?"
"What were you thinking about?"
"Welcome," said Ben, while they were getting out of the car. "This is the place where the world's destiny gets determined. All the development and tech that surprises you so much."
Before they could leave the flat, Hank rose from his chair and started typing something on the barely visible panel on the aquarium.
"Thanks." It was impossible to get angry at Solomon – impossible and useless. Especially, Steve noticed, as the man kind of had a right idea about him.
Steve sat against him, gave a once-over to the visibly tense Cetagandan and asked, feeling like an idiot:
"It's unexpected," answered Steve. "It looks... very old."
"Don’t worry about it," Stark brushed it off. "I would cut it the same way you wear it (it's comfortable and functional), but I'm afraid, my dear mother would have a fit if I've done something like that. We all have to make sacrifices," he said with a barely there hint of something in his voice while looking Steve in the eyes. Captain Rogers preferred to drop the topic, so the Consul picked up another glass from a tray being carried near them and moved to another group, leaving a few more holographic leaves in his wake and a quite distinguishable smell.
The cars were close now, and they were not black as Steve thought originally, but dark green instead. The most of them were armored carriers, with machine guns on their roofs. Steve winced. This was a small army, not just a team dispatched to apprehend a criminal.
"Janet?"
"There's an art auction soon," she said, softly stepping onto the carpet with her bare feet. "I usually attend as a representative of the Stark Industries. Tony has a bad habit of imagining himself an art collector."
The armor was here, somewhere really close. Steve clenched his hands together and breathed out brokenly, trying to control himself with no success. Steve wasn't in the armor when he got brought here, and he never felt it since. Was Reed lying to him? Maybe there was never even a Reed, and he was captured, and the enemies were trying to get to the classified information he had? The last intelligence reports said hypnosis could easily do things like that.
"Listen," Hank repeated, "my head starts hurting every time I try to think about it. Something's weird going on, but I'd never notice it if not for Janet." He rubbed his temple and rolled his head. "Science conferences. There were a lot of them lately, I've been on many, but I can't even vaguely remember what I was doing. And I wasn't there alone."
Hank was fiddling with something in his secret room, and the shadow it threw on the aquarium looked like some kind of sea monster.
Tony gave him a strange look, but didn't answer, and just waved at his car.
The station had a small supermarket with a bored young guy managing the counter. He visibly cheered up, noticing Steve.
"I can see that," the shameless Cetagandan nodded and reached to touch, so he could also feel as well as see. "You know, you won't so inarticulate before."
"Why the fuck do you even have a crowd of mutant children?" barked Tony, suddenly. Steve, already familiar to sudden bursts of anger after a prolonged silence that Tony had sometimes, moved closer, in case he needed to hold him and stop from doing something unreasonable.
"Sandy Valley?" Steve asked. "The news said there was an earthquake."
Tony was tapping the car's floor with his cane. The rubber cover of it absorbed any noise, but it still made Ben flinch nervously from time to time.
Steve blinked.
"I think our conversation got interrupted at the most interesting point yesterday."
Steve finished making the coffee and handed the cup to Tony, who was half-asleep supporting his head with his hand.
"There's an elevator here?"
The highly artistic black chaos that crowned the Consul's head could not be categorized as either. His hair dress had some long braids in it, while some strands were cut short, and it even included a few tails and some strange things clearly of technical importance, even though they looked like decoration.
Something in his pocket started buzzing.
"Leave him alone," said Reed. “Come with me, and I'll show you an idea I was thinking of for a while, I think you'll appreciate it."
As Pepper went by, Steve caught a subtle, unassuming smell of her perfume.
"Yes," answered Steve.
Janet calmly went by them, like she walked here a thousand times, and sat on the edge of the roof, letting her legs down. Steve stood behind her, with his hands in his pockets.
Tony rushed inside, and Steve gave Jarvis a guilty look. He didn't have any experience communicating with servants and had no idea, how he was supposed to act.
"I'll take over in a couple of hours. Wake me up."
Steve was going to answer, but Tony didn't let him.
Tony grabbed his hand.
He was in a tank top, and Steve noticed a burn on his shoulder, the form of which resembled a handprint. Judging by what he saw so far, Tony and safety didn't really get along.
"Oh," the voice on another end of the line sounded amused. "You turned it on, figures. I've suspected you'd shoot the box still in courier’s hands, and only then look at what's in it, so I sent a prototype."
"I'm not forcing you," he said. "You want to work in your artsy shop, be my guest."
Howard suggested they stay, since there were more rooms than inhabitants in the house, at least for now, and walking around the city at night, no matter how peaceful it seemed, wasn't a good idea.
"Anybody aware of your destinations and going after us would expect you to pass the tunnels in the logical way. So, first we'll got to Escobar... let's say through Tau Ceta, Dolton and Beta colony."
"You're a soldier," said Tony matter-of-factly. Steve didn't immediately understand he was addressed. "You said so. Don't take it the wrong way, though, but you have ‘unfit for duty' written all over yourself. What did you do to get accepted by the army? Are you a genius strategist? Or a technician?"
"I know. Where's Hank?"
The ship that Cetaganda sent after their disgraced diplomat was small and fast. It didn't spot a lot of weapons, the engineer obviously expected a pilot to be able to steer away the ship from any enemy fire in a blink of an eye. The pilot was supplied, as well, but Steve didn't get a chance to meet him, or any other members of the crew, for that matter. Everybody was busy and didn't really care for talking to a Barrayaran.
"Steve," Tony stepped in front of the armor and shook him again, grabbing his shoulders, this time with much more force behind it. "Let it go. Let it go so we can figure it out."
"You look awful," the man remarked. "But it'll pass. I would add some sedatives, but you're already angry at me, so I won't risk it." Tony leaned lower. "Sleep."
So, Steve was responsible for him and Bruce being found so quickly after all. If they've separated earlier, maybe, none of it would've happened.
Steve shook his head and didn't even ask how Tony knew about his meetings with Jan. He'd already figured out that when Tony wanted to learn something, he did, whatever anybody else’s opinion was about it.
The most surprising thing was that Tony didn't take the armor. He left it lying there in the dust, and nobody cared.
"Are you trying to conquer Russia?"
The rest of the road Steve slept through, leaning with his head on the cold glass of the window. He woke up to the sound of rain, when the train was already approaching New York. The city decided to welcome them with bad weather.
"Not at all, the last haiku was quite clear."
"Not quite. It told us we've no right to do that without its mistress's consent and the knowledge of the Consul," the medic looked directly at Stark.
'I'll call when we land,' Ben said at the end of the call. 'I don't think they’re going to have a phone at the station.'
Steve coughed from the shock of hearing something like that.
"Sleeping," Steve took him to the kitchen and put the kettle on, just to have something to do. "Did you learn anything?"
"You'll solve your problem," he said. "You won't have to kill me, you'll just get rid of me, of your potential death."
"Isn't that too many scientists for one day?"
"Who would even do such a thing? Abducting and setting up another person's ba? I've never thought of Barrayarans as barbarians, but this is..."
"I brought chinese," he shook the bag. "Entrance fee."
"There's a bus, and then you'll have to walk five miles." Sharon squinted. "Are you one of those? You're gonna pull gold?"
"And you'll have to tell me, why your wound healed in half an hour."
"Actually, back then, all the children on Barrayar were born the natural way," reminded him Steve. "Now we have replicator banks everywhere, of course, like the one that Jarvis was unlucky to find himself in, but even now, the higher percentage of children are still born naturally."
"Or a sample of invitation itself that could be used to lure me to someplace else," added Steve. "What was in the yesterday's, by the way?"
"You didn't have to..."
"Well, if you really mind..." Steve started kissing Stark's neck, and his collarbones, and lower. It wasn't the same as being with the girl, a lot more muscles, but it was so soft and enticing all the same. "But if you don't, I'd... you know. Barrayaran prejudice."
"Far enough. A few months, maybe half a year. It was definitely already happening in spring."
A glowing message appeared on the screen before his eyes: 'Processing request: locate Tony Stark.' Steve froze, waiting. 'The object is located.'
Where were the soldier?
Steve moved away, made a few steps and hit his hip on a table, making Tony hiss from the pain of it. They both froze again, looking at each other in fear, but this time Steve couldn't bear it – the adrenalin was still high, his pulse was beating twice as fast as normal, the excitement from getting to use the armor still didn't leave him. He covered his face with his hands and laughed.
"Keeping all the properties, of course."
"How did you get here?" Steve asked warily. He still stood in the doorway, unsure of his next move.
"I'll explain," Tony put the bottle on the carpet next to his armchair and straightened his back. "I'm intrigued. This thing could've chosen anyone – Hitler, Dante, Da Vinci, some unimaginable being from another universe, a regular passerby, or a psychopath from a prison, but it chose you. Why?"
Steve always thought he was good at waiting. When he was in the trenches, sometimes he had to spend days under rain in dirty sleeping bags. He had to watch soldiers die, to strike in the exact right moment and change the course of battle. You had to wait for it, clenching your fists and biting your lip till it hurt, stopping yourself and stopping the armor that would listen even to a subconscious command. Steve learned proper control and patience very quickly.
"You can die."
"Since?"
Steve woke up abruptly. He was feeling weird, like he was swimming through dense warm water that hugged his body like a wet blanket. It felt like a start of a nightmare – the one you can escape from only by tearing yourself away from the bed. He tried, but the water was not letting him go, and then Steve finally opened his eyes the bright light of medical lamps immediately assaulted him, making him fall back onto the chair. He tried to turn his head and couldn't, he tried to say something and couldn't open his lips. His body wasn't obeying him.
"I didn't ask for it! I didn't want it!" He breathed out, loudly, his chest suddenly feeling tight. "I had a purpose. A war. My place is back there. But because of some scientist and his experiments I betrayed my country and all the trust that was put on me! It's taken me such a long time to get there, and now..." Steve's hand was shaking, and he squeezed his wrist with another hand. "It's all been pointless."
"I thought you'd be taller," he said.
"Hulk was trying to protect me," protested Steve.
"Tony's going to Pym," said Reed. "Hank Pym, he's a scientist," he explained quickly, "he does remarkable things, I've heard of his latest inventions, and I just thought... could you come with Tony?"
"I hate circumstances ruining my plans," Tony winced. "But you still clearly need clothes and some money, right?"
Tony raised his hands in peace offering.
"Steve. Get to the Imperial Security head-quarters. I'll meet you at the right entrance. It's urgent."
"Tony," he called again, pressing the panel on the armor's chest. "Tony! Dammit."
"Something like that. But there's... well, it's somewhat hard to explain. Long time ago, one of your mother's colleagues had her subject escape. The guy is a telepath, he only wanted to get his sister back, and also to be left alone."
"Do you remember crashing your lab?"
"Well," Bruce nodded at Steve, "you shared yours. It's probably my turn."
Steve sort of expected this. Of course, he hoped Bruce would change his mind, start studying martial arts and learning breathing techniques. He stubbornly thought Bruce had a chance to control the monster inside. Yes, Hulk was dangerous, but any weapon is dangerous in the wrong hands.
Eventually, the conversations touched upon biotechnology. Enough time had passed that it wasn't considered something like dangerous magic on Barrayar, but the Cetagandan Empire was still miles ahead of anyone else.
"What do you mean, why? You're a pilot, you need to pilot things. And I have the armor for it."
"Did Reed ever tell you anything about Hank's research? Why does he need all the ants and the rats, why's he always in the lab at night and didn't tear off your head for walking around with his girlfriend?"
Steve had a thought that Janet would make a good soldier and immediately berated himself for it. Janet allowed him his bout of paranoia and gave in to her emotions only when they were inside the flat.
"There was no serum," answered Steve. "The project got shut down."
The lab reminded Steve of quite a few unpleasant things in his past, and he touched his chest. He could feel the reactor even through the hoodie: the cloth slid on the surface of it and chilled his fingertips. He got used to living with the thing, but didn't quite learn to trust it - sometimes he felt, as if he was drowning, choking, unable to fill his lungs with air. Steve had to remind himself how to breathe and to push away the stupid thoughts.
It was impossible to properly see the ghem-lord's facial features under his official face paint, but to Steve he seemed young and not quite well versed in the art of seeming unreadable. For one, the bright strokes of paint especially noticeable on the grey background covering most of his face moved again and again, following the changes of his facial expressions. The pattern seemed intricate enough (a sign of the Consul's importance in the Empire), but Steve couldn't understand what exactly they were meant to be saying, other than the Consul's rank. He immediately decided to read something other than military manuals about Cetagandan face paint.
"And you'll just let me," Tony vaguely waved his hand.
Hawkeye was leaning against the doorway, his pose overly casual.
Steve already noticed that Tony tended to fluctuate from full disregard to paranoid anxiety in his view of death. Steve remembered him mentioning having his limbs torn off. He didn't pay much attention to it then, figuring Tony was joking again. But his healing factor made him virtually immortal and, Steve figured, the bio armor made everyone else seem fragile. He probably wouldn't have hesitated if the reactor was in his chest, and yet he was prepared to step back the moment Steve agreed to the operation.
"I can't say what's it made of, that's an internal secret, but then again, every house has its own recipe." Stark demonstratively spread his hands. "As for the application, it's quite simple. The war paint is a decal: you make the foundation of a specific color, then put the decal on, wait for a few seconds, while it reacts, then tear away the top layer. The familial face paint is applied with special brushes."
"Don't change the topic!" interrupted Tony. "If she doesn't want to become an haut-lady again, why did she send me to Barrayar? It's not particularly comfortable, there, in case you didn't know. And there's heaps of Jacksonian mercenaries. They tried to kidnap Jarvis."
From the point of view of the Barrayaran captain, the Cetagandan with a habit of putting paint on his face had to have carry around a ton of cosmetics, including creams.
"Impressive," Tony whistled again. "Can you raise an elephant with one hand?"
The first thing Tony did after catching his breath was twist and crawl from under Steve. The Captain tried to stop him, but Tony was implacable.
"This is Hank Pym," Tony announced. "A genius, a boring person, and an insectophile. Do you know, what that means, Steve? I hope not."
"Had enough of flying? I could've bet you'd spend half a day under the ceiling. That's what I did." Tony turned his head and adjusted the collar, as if he was hot. "At least, if you ignore the moments I was smashing into walls and breaking furniture. The first model was far from perfect."
Before, Steve would have to climb into a giant vaguely human-shaped metal box, strap himself in, put the helmet on, and only then he could start. Now, though, everything would be different.
"I don't think you're that simple," noticed Tony with disarming honesty. "Are you glad you escaped the war?"
"Lucky you."
That captured Captain Rogers' attention. Eight out of ten times 'a consul of cultural affairs' meant 'high-ranking spy', and that, at least, promised some action that didn't involve redirecting reports or throwing sand in people's eyes. The last few weeks Steve awfully missed normal work; at this point, he would've appreciated courier’s duties, even something like...
And that did it.
'You could do that anywhere before,' he explained, blowing out the sweet-smelling smoke. 'I liked it when you could do that anywhere. Just keep them away from paper.'
Hank's face suddenly took on a tortured expression.
"I knew people who didn't like being touched," said Steve. "They punched you in the face, not flinched away." He raised his eyes from his plate. "So, what's the problem?"
"What do you suggest?" Clint looked at the Cetagandans, and then gave another glance to Steve. "Putting up warnings on all posts warning citizens that THEY are among us?"
Ben grimaced and pushed the elevator's button, while Tony was telling him something in a quiet voice.
During the short time they knew each other, Steve got used to Tony pairing everything with a joke, with self-irony surprising for such a man. Now that he was talking seriously, even his stance looked different. The lack of proper lightning made it look like his face was hidden in the shadows, and Tony finally looked like the person media described him as. The genius, the gun dealer that suddenly abandoned his business without, however, losing any of his influence.
"It's okay, Bruce." The thought of having two injured instead of one on his shoulders made Steve feel dizzy. "Don't worry about it."
"Pizza? Whiskey?" he offered.
Next to the itching came a different strange feeling, like a hundred tiny hammers hitting his skin. Steve shuddered and automatically tried to straighten up when he felt something touch his neck and glide down.
"It wasn't," Steve agreed, "for a soldier, not for the Iron Man."
"Not convincing enough. What if it's lenses?" Vorbarton squinted. "Alright, alright, I'm not going to ask you to take your eyes out for expertise. I'd just really like to know what he wants from you."
Tony didn’t even reach his car when Steve called after him:
He pressed in a few places at once and rolled the plate clockwise. Steve heard something click, and the glowing circle of the reactor moved up. Then he felt deafening emptiness inside, like just after an explosion. Steve heard sounds, but didn't understand them, felt leather straps on his wrists and didn't feel them at the same time. It was hard to breathe.
"Bruce," Steve touched his shoulder again, and this time the man only winced. "I'm not leaving. What is it? Do you need medication? Do you have it?"
"We'll regret that he didn't get crushed in the chaos," said Tony, his words barely audible. Steve flinched. He never understood making jokes about that and probably never will. Tony noticed, raised his hand, as if going to tap him on the shoulder, but froze in an uncomfortable pose, "that's weird," he said, but didn't explain what exactly he thought was weird and just put his hands back in his pockets. "Pym! How did that marvelous idea occur to you?"
"D'you have a list of things I'm not allowed to do in the armor?"
"Do you know Reed Richards?" he asked, taking the backpack from his shoulder. "He's a scientist, maybe you've heard of him."
"No!" Rogers protested. "I'm not Cetagandan! I'm sorry, Clint, I can't tell you. Just believe me, not all secrets on Barrayar have to do with disguised heirs of the imperial dynasty. Or anyone's heirs."
It was just a theory, a blind belief of a soldier that guns meant protection. Steve himself knew that feeling of anger leaving him and settling down somewhere inside when he touched the cold metal of the armor.
Reed turned around and left the room, closing the door quietly behind him.
keep your phone turned on, we'll come home soon
Steve, amazed beyond belief, nodded, grabbed the disks and marched to the bedroom.
"I'm sorry," Steve said.
Tony crumpled a corner of the paper in his hand to look at Steve.
Tony's eyebrows went up in a very telling way, and he put the paper away. There was a small black device on the table that Steve completely forgot about. If Reed had a reason to call, he called the landline, so Steve didn't really have a need for a mobile.
"Who was inviting whom?"
"Yeah. So, what are we going to do?"
"Is that why they're looking for you?" Bruce flinched, and Steve continued his thought, "you refused to continue the research?"
"If he figures out he has to look for a man that disappeared seventy years ago from a parallel universe, sure," he snorted. "I'm afraid the General lacks that kind of imagination."
"How did you get up, then?"
Steve very clearly and very angrily understood he was trying to escape into the workshop again.
"During the Second World War, the government was going to start a project named Rebirth. A serum, enhancing people's strength."
"And now we're right in the middle of interstellar intrigue that started at least a century ago, if not earlier. Our galaxy is full of people with peculiarities that you're not supposed to mention, your father is alive and leading the most weird boarding school I've ever seen, and he knows my superior who's probably not who he seems to be."
He chose this world.
Going back to his room, Steve noticed Happy at the door at the end of the corridor. He was leaning on the door with a lost expression on his face. Then, noticing Steve, he cheered up, gave him a thumbs up and nodded at his back.
"You look like you learned Zen and heard the God speak, but froze before the paradise gates, getting scared of Allah," Solomon told him one day.
Steve couldn't really argue about that.
He was speaking quietly - probably hoping Janet wouldn't hear him, - but he didn't quite succeed at that.
It wasn’t easy, learning anything about a rather high-ranking Cetagandan without attracting unneeded attention of other Cetagandans. Steve spent more time in his office than he would normally, even though usually he welcomed a chance to escape to the gym or the stadium the moment boring and annoying working hours ended. Cunningly formulating requests and looking for reference to the Colonel in the reports rather than direct mentions of him, Steve managed to learn that the new Consul was even more peculiar than he seemed during the first meeting. For once, he had nothing to do with culture, at least not in the way that would be expected for his position. That was strange in itself, given that refinement and sophistication was almost mandatory for any member of the Cetagandan Empire. Anthony Stark, as his father before him, wasn't involved in genetic construction, didn't paint, didn't sculpt, didn't write music and didn't enjoy dancing. He also wasn't known for literary art. This mostly meant, of course, that he was quite average at anything valued highly by Cetagandan standards which would still be quite excessive, let’s say, for a Barrayaran. All his life, which was, indeed, quite short by human standards, he made only one thing: weapons.
If you fail, then void and darkness
Barton shrugged.
"Most certainly not," Steve brushed him off. "My eyes are blue, they all have grey eyes, you know that."
Janet stepped next to him and fixed his hair.
The fact that Janet felt the need to console him after mistaking him for the Iron Man somehow just made everything worse. He wasn’t the Iron Man, not really. That was Tony.
"I tested it on myself," said Bruce. "Not intentionally, mind, it just happened, but that was the most important mistake in my life."
"I hope so," called Stark, somberly, from the inside. "Steve, the lock is electrical. And it is somehow fine, unlike all the rest! Damn Justin!" Steve didn't know that Cetagandan, but he could understand Stark's outrage. "The holding force is about three hundred kilograms. Can you tear it open?"
Tony wanted to prove him wrong. The screen took up the whole wall. Tony pressed some buttons, shoved special glasses at Steve and fell on the sofa next to him.
"So, that’s that!" Tony interjected before he could say anything. "Find a room, I'm waiting downstairs. You'll find your way."
"Yes... No." He shook his head. "You're not interested in the company, you only do what you absolutely have to, and nothing else."
"Alright, Doctor Banner knows better, what to do with his life. Say hi to Hulk. Let's go, Steve."
In the car, Janet didn't say anything, just squeezed Steve's hand so hard he almost stopped feeling his fingers. She'd been in shock, but until they reached the lab and learned exactly what happened, trying to make her feel better was pointless.
"That's all your things?" he asked, puzzled, looking at a small bag in Steve's hands. "Tony said you were moving."
"Sorry. I have plans for the evening," Rogers spread his hands.
"How are you?" He scratched the back of his head and looked down at Steve. "That wasn't supposed to be your first impression of this world."
"And you don't just like it. Steve, what's that?"
"It's disgusting, having idiots working for you," shared Tony, as a greeting, "you have to take care of everything yourself all the time."
"A green monster?"
"I'm not going to poke around that thing in your chest if you don't trust me. No pressure, only mutual consent." Steve didn't say anything, and Tony explained, "I'm not of that sort, whatever media's been trying to convince you of."
"That's classified." He threw up his hand before Tony could interrupt. "The things I'll tell you can never leave this room."
They gathered their things quickly and quietly, not forgetting to hide traces of their presence. Steve noticed Bruce looking at him from time to time, but as soon as he turned towards him, the man turned away. It was somewhat unnerving, but Steve quickly learned to ignore it.
"Is it..." he drawled.
"I see," muttered Tony.
"Yes," answered Faustus, simply. "And you have to agree with me. This world has its Iron Man. Yours, you left without a protector. Doesn't it bother you, that you don’t know if the war is over? If it resulted in the victory that you worked so hard for?"
"We're going for a walk," he said. He couldn't look at Tony. His gaze, against his will, went to plaid covered legs, and that was certainly impolite, so instead Steve looked at some place between Tony's wheelchair and Reed's hand.
"They've probably got orders to put me to sleep, there'll be tranquilizer in their rifles," whispered Bruce. "I've never thought about that before. The tranquilizers. I thought..."
"Maybe you should go to bed?" offered Steve, sympathetically.
Even one rifle and a soldier with good aim would be enough to knock them both out, but the soldiers hesitated. APCs, machine guns, rifles, everything was aiming at Bruce – just a shot would be enough, but nobody moved. They were scared, Steve finally understood. They were scared of Hulk.
"Let me guess: those questions have something to do with your recent research activities that made our whole internal network shake," of course, no network was actually shaking, except for Vorbarton's threads, but Steve wasn't going to indulge that information to the Consul.
The lab they came into was probably just one big room at some point that later got divided into two. In the antechamber, the equipment was stuck on top of each other, haphazardly and seemingly without a system. There’s been a screen, a hanger with white coats, a couple of safe vaults and book shelves that no books on them, but a large aquarium with ants instead. Steve stopped, looking at the insects running through gel tunnels.
"So, what is this you wanted to talk about?" Now the Cetagandan was the one taking the bull by the horns. "I have a few questions for you, but they can wait."
The road was uneven and empty, almost deserted: in a few hours of driving they haven't met a single car. Bruce didn't have a map.
"You can't go back to the Heavenly Garden," Tony sipped his tea and hummed in appreciation. The ba, sitting quietly in the corner, felt itself slightly relaxing. "That's just not possible. Or at least, it wasn't. My mother decided that, since ghem-lords who crawled out of their skin to be useful to the Empire get rewarded with the haut wives, by being as useful, she can reclaim her status and her place there."
Instead of answering, Tony sipped his drink. Steve was always bad at reading face expressions and couldn't understand, what he was thinking. Despite the recent excitement, Tony's face was now inscrutable.
Banner's suddenly looked exhausted.
"If I want to?"
"That'd be great," the Consul nodded. "Because I think Jarvis was discovered by the replicators already paralyzed. It's the only theory, explaining why it didn't let me know about it, neither before the event, nor during."
It sounded plausible. All of Bruce's behavior hinted at him feeling guilty of something. Maybe, the people getting hurt broke him, or maybe he decided the research was pointless. It sounded quite plausible, but Bruce only laughed at his suggestion.
In addition to that, he learned about personalizing ancestors' spirits, constant readiness for death, presence of the divine forces and many other things that left him slightly concerned. Why did the Emperor of Cetaganda send a spy in elder colors, if those themselves show that ghem-lord Stark is much more important and valuable in the homeland?
"You're drunk." That was most likely not true. Steve saw plenty of drunken people before, and Tony wasn't behaving like that. Then again, he was prepared to give himself up to a scientist, but not to a bottle of whiskey.
The conversation wasn't going the way Steve wanted to, he wanted to explain himself, not to argue, but he didn't seem to be able to do anything about it. Irritation and arousal were so mixed up in him that he just couldn't calm down and get a grip. Watching half-naked and equally angry Tony didn't help with it either. He tried to breathe and wanted to close his eyes, but something stopped him from breaking eye-contact.
"I'm not going, Steve," he said, his voice gentle for some reason. "You should go. Buy some water and something disgusting that makes your rightful soldier body turn inside out. Fast-food, some fatty shit that doesn't need heating. And get some forceps and bandages. Me and doctor Hulk will wait for you here."
He leaned on the table in a move betraying his tiredness and looked at Steve.
"I'm almost fifty," answered Stark, sounding somewhat surprised. "I've been a separate being for a long time, not really connected to my mother by anything other than the name and our heritage. I can't be her anchor."
Tony, on the other hand, was irritatingly calm, as if breaking into other people's houses was just the natural order of things for him. He wore a formal black suit, so Steve would've thought that he arrived straight from a conference, except by now internet had already convinced him that Stark had been following his own personal dress-code. He had white gloves on his hands, and that little detail looked so inappropriate as if Tony was trying to mock him. What kind of person even wears white gloves in their normal life?
"And yet your door is open, and the children are answering it," Steve finally started understand Tony's anger during that first quarrel they had.
"Who even drinks in the morning?" Steve asked, without any real urge to hear the answer. He already reached for his t-shirt under Tony's watchful squinting eyes. He looked almost futuristic with the light from the hologram illuminating his face.
APCs stopped about a hundred feet away from them and their truck. Soldiers with rifles started getting out of cars and taking position, aiming at Bruce.
"Do you hear me?" His voice seemed muffled, as if coming from behind a glass. "Blink once, if you can."
Steve's face must've flinched, because Tony got serious quickly.
To Steve's surprise, Tony didn't argue.
A helping hand was extended by Tony just at the right time.
Steve hesitated.
"What time is it?" he asked in a hoarse voice.
At first, Happy didn't answer. He pursed his lips, squinted, looking somewhere in the distance, and sighed.
Nevertheless, the book, colorful and frivolous, left the Captain with more questions than answers. Reading it was like trying to eat a meringue cake made of lead. Steve couldn't understand if the book was deliberately written in such a way, or if an actually quite normal text didn't resonate correctly with his psyche, disturbed by his conversation with the Consul.
"We aren't together anymore," answered Reed in a dry voice. "Why are you..."
"Cool," he remarked. "Do you know it's really creepy when you stare with those hollow eyes? Ever thought of drawing pupils on them, or something? Did you learn anything interesting?"
"My hand is broken in three places," Tony raised his eyebrow. "A piece of metal cut through my tendons, and I can't move a finger. No, Steve, I'm not in pain."
"I was ready the moment I said yes," lied Steve.
"No, he missed it," Steve shook his head. "It's true, I was born ninety years ago," he confessed, his voice barely above a whisper, for the first time since he was brought back to life. "I wasn't born yet, when he left and... didn't come back."
Steve took the gun, because, as he tried to explain to himself, he was a responsible person. Who knew what else Solomon would decide to do with it? He could give it to a child, for all Steve knew.
That looked more like an excuse than straight answer, but Steve didn't remark on that. He put his legs down and started to button up his shirt, looking straight ahead.
"Well, we can go to sleep, insult each other again, drink another gallon of tea and play chess," started listing Tony, now touching him with both hands anywhere he could reach. "Or we can warm up faster, let adrenalin out of our systems and get to know each other in the most pleasant of ways."
"The moon isn't bright enough," complained Stark, responsible for organizing all the festivities. "It should be more saturated. And don't tell me it's going to be fine the night of the festival, I'm not going to believe it. Why do I always have to do everything myself!"
"Yes. I don't like those memories. That day, somebody successfully attacked us, I still don't know, who. Certainly not our people. They shot Doctor Abraham, and while I was chasing the killer, somebody trashed the lab, Volt disappeared, but not before sending me a message. He warned that it was in my best interests to get the protection those guys from the Security promised, since people who were far less pleasant or burdened by morals got interested in me. Or, at least, in my body, but the outcome was the same. That's exactly what I planned on doing, only I haven't managed to reach them in time: somebody made a hole in me. As far as I figured out, dead me was as useful as alive, when it concerned their studies. So, they tried to kill me and snatch my body, but the Barrayaran people got to me first."
"Nobody comes here," Banner explained. "People avoid devastated cities; it ruins their perfect picture of the world. Also," he added, brushing away the leaves, "there're no roads here. You can only find it if you know where to look."
He handed Steve a small case and put a grey folder on it with papers that Steve probably should've definitely read before signing, but Steve saw the name of the sender and relaxed. Tony could be trusted in such things.
"And people like you risk their lives to save the country."
"It's a great choice. I'm afraid I don't know as much about sorts of green tea, as you do. Can you tell me its name? I'd like to order it for myself," Steve gave him a sweet smile, not betraying his anger for finding a drug that could be used as a sort of truth serum in it. On second thought, he wasn't even all that angry – he would probably do the same thing in Stark's position.
Tony lowered his head on Steve's shoulder and mumbled something, his breath hot on Steve's skin, who didn’t hear a word Tony said. He was calm and happy.
"Thank you," Steve said, earnestly.
"How could you connect to it?" Tony immediately asked back. "How do you even know what it is? Did you have big human-like robots in the forties?" He rubbed his nose. "Did you have laser swords as well?" Despite trying to joke, Tony looked deadly serious. Steve sighed.
"I think, the first time I was stunned by people who used to steal invitations addressed to Captain Rogers," said the ba. "They'd have to have been coming after me to be able to accomplish that, right? So, straying away from the normal sequence of events, I had a chance to meet them. It's a pity it was dark and I couldn't see anyone."
On the third day, Solomon kicked him out of the shop.
Noticing his hesitation, Stark smirked.
A map showed on the screen with a red glowing dot in the middle of it. Steve studied it – the dot was a few miles away from the site of the car accident, in some research center. Maybe, he was getting paranoid after all.
"Because the atmosphere on Jackson's Whole is too paranoid. Raising children there didn't seem like a good idea to me," said somebody new, coming down from the second floor.
"Alright, suppose it's true. Nobody other than Clint and myself know you're escorting the Cetagandan. We'll set up an ambush in your flat and try to catch him in the act. I'll be in contact."
"Milk?" Tony suggested with a smirk. "You're probably wondering why I brought you here. Sit down."
When the cup of coffee, much larger than anything customary for Cetaganda and more resembling of a pool, improved the ghem-lord's mood, his intellectual abilities also increased.
"My mistress is an haut-lady, even if she lost her status. She cannot use prose; it's too mundane for her."
"I'll take the first watch. Sleep," said Steve.
By keeping silence?"
"Knowledge is power," said Faustus. "I don't need to conquer the world, if people who can command insects, who build high-tech armor and make immortality elixirs, are under my control. But they didn't answer my question."
"And bring them with me. For a living demonstration, so to speak. We could study them, to borrow the technology, or, if they're really unique, we could destroy them and everybody who knows about them, to keep things the way they are," the expression of the Cetagandan's face, for a change not covered by face paint, with only a small pattern on his cheekbone, went sharp.
"I don't exactly feel sorry for him," Steve tried to explain, "it's just weird. I didn't even know him, and yet his life depended on me. And here we are."
"Hey, boy,” an old, sturdy woman stopped next to him, “is everything alright? You're not looking too well."
So, instead Steve grabbed him and pressed Stark to his chest, ignoring surprised kicks and jabs. He would kick himself, if he could.
There were ants that got out of their broken aquarium running around all over the floor. Steve looked, distracted, at black dots sneaking over pieces of furniture and raised his gaze.
Faustus shook his head.
"For nothing," Natasha sighed, tugging a lock of her red hair, nervously. "It's you who's being blamed. You did state in that declaration that you hold complete responsibility for all your servants, and any infraction and crime on their part are yours to answer for. That causes us certain trouble, of course, considering your diplomatic immunity, but we can work around that."
"Why?"
"Alright, it already dawned on me I need to read about Cetaganda for another hundred years before I understand how people there live and think," Steve sighed. "So, your mother was sad and lonely. Why didn't she go back to the Heavenly Garden? And what does it have to do with Barrayar?"
"Sorry?"
"Johnny," the stranger shrugged. "He's very mad at you all, so you should be glad he only told me, and not the Daily Bugle. Hi, Ben. And this, I assume..." The man pointed at Steve with his cane. "Judging by the haircut, he's the thing." Steve's hand reflexively went to his light bangs, and the stranger smirked. "I'm Tony Stark, Reed's old friend. You're Steve, I'm guessing? You look surprisingly happy for the supposedly first person to travel through time."
"Like an insect," Tony muttered. "Like an ant."
"Barton is a circus monkey who shoots arrows from a bow. Of course, he's fine working for S.H.I.E.L.D. But you?"
"Trying to make friends," Tony answered, matter-of-factly, "trying to make sure everything goes in the atmosphere of peace, love and the rest of that bullshit. Trying to make sure we both won't feel painfully embarrassed in the morning."
"Don't underestimate yourself."
"I'll write to her. I think I have things to tell her."
"I want to apologize for the rudeness of my colleagues," he continued, after Steve nodded. "Of course, all questions can wait, considering Miss van Dyne's state. We're just trying to avoid a repetition of the situation with gamma rays. I think you can go, but..."
"Janet van Dyne, I was called, they said it was urgent," Janet blurted out, "he's with me."
Steve nodded. The ship registered at Rho Ceta, indeed, was the Empire's territory, and Steve was prepared to act accordingly, with caution and diplomacy.
"No. Yes. I don't know," Hank sighed. "I don't know what came over me, I just saw the ants, and remembered the doc telling me to do something unexpected, and I just thought..."
"I wouldn't dare," said Tony. "Thanks, we'll figure out the drinks ourselves. What will you have, Steve?"
"It's here, guarded in the underground hospital," said Natasha. "It's fine. I think it makes sense to get its version of events as well..."
Steve rubbed his temples. Reed said his condition resembled depression, but he also concluded that it was expected. Then again, Steve didn't particularly trust Reed's opinion. The man understood machines far better than humans.
"That's hard to argue with," Stark was walking around the room, like the interrogation was over and he was a full participant of the discussion. "But I remembered your legendary Count for a reason. Somebody decided to repeat his history, only with a less positive ending."
"Hulk," Steve turned to the beast. "Can you help us a bit more?"
"Were? Did they die from a fast-penta overdose?"
In the light of the match Solomon brought to the tip of his cigarette, Steve glanced at his reflection in the dirty glass of the shop's door. He didn't look like a soldier at all, especially with his hair all grown out. He looked like a teenager.
The gun was lying on Bruce's sleeping bag, and Steve picked it up and his backpack that had cases of bullets in it. Bruce wasn't taking his eyes away from the horizon, and Steve started methodically and calmly loading the gun.
"Sounds like a threat," remarked Natasha. "We don't have time for ethno cultural studies, though. Let's get back to business. Jarvis, right?"
"Good. Can you feel your body? Blink twice, if you can't."
"You can call me Dugan," he said. "Did you come with Miss van Dyne?"
"We'll go through the ventilation shaft." Hank rubbed his chin and frowned. "It'll be faster, and my insects will check the upper floors, too."
"Sorry," he said. "Are you hungry?"
While Steve didn't understand mobile phones (which was somewhat funny, considering how quickly he figured out laptops), Solomon was a passionate hater of wireless networks, so the storeroom in the back of the shop had an apparatus adjusted to the wall that looked at least thirty years old – with a metal round disk you had to rotate to dial anyone. It rattled like a tin can tied to a bumper.
The box that she and Hank put on a vault suddenly twitched, and there was a strange rustling noise coming from it. Steve frowned.
Tony was still in the armor, the empty gaze of it directed at low buildings in the distance. He didn't react to the noise or to the touch of Steve's hand, and Steve felt helpless anger again, directed first and foremost at himself.
"A reserve," Steve hummed. "That's empty enough for you?"
"You are not much of a conversation partner," said Faustus, disappointed.
Bruce gave him a crooked grin and started shaking; maybe it was the uneven road, or the laughter he was trying to hold. His jumps from pretended calm to nervous laughter resembled hysteria. What he needed was some rest, something to drink and sleep, and certainly not driving the car.
"I saw a beautiful dream," Tony muttered in thought. "There were girls in bikini and a huge table with cheeseburgers." The armor disassembled again, and Tony swayed on his feet. "You were there, too."
"I'd say so," Steve confirmed. "Well, my turn again?"
Steve wasn’t as surprised as he probably should’ve been at seeing a jungle in the middle of New York. He was really lucky, in a way, that he got introduced to geniuses and their weirdness very slowly, like one would train a wild animal. First moving through time and space, then Hulk, then living with the armor, and now – a huge terrace on an inconspicuous grey building that looked like a picture taken in the middle of Amazon forest, just miniaturized. He briefly wondered what the city's administration thought about it.
Steve really didn’t want to think about anything that happened. During the war, he sometimes tried to imagine what it would be like to tell somebody about the Iron Man: his girlfriend, or a friend, or even just a passerby. Steve pictured how it would happen, what words would be said, what he would answer. He wondered, if people would be disgusted, or scared, or just shocked. But while Steve Rogers was a nobody, and Iron Man was a hero in his world, in this one, neither of them mattered.
Steve was also berating himself for being so quick to anger and lose self-control. Something always happened to him around Stark, something hot and almost uncontrollable that he couldn't understand. That was the reason of their fight that blew up out of nowhere. That, and not Jarvis or some imagined flaws of Barrayaran security services, any critique towards which Steve always took personally.
The train station was small and very traditional. If he ignored the modern clock on the wall and some tiny details, just for a moment Steve could imagine still being in his time. He closed his eyes. The ruckus of people passing by, an announcement about a train arriving, quiet music from the speakers. This train station, this whole city seemed fallen out from the time stream, slow and quiet. In his short time in this new world, Steve forgot how peaceful it could be.
They were sitting alone in the quiet of the kitchen. Bruce didn't like crowds, even if those crowds consisted of a tight circle of scientists and friends, so he still tried to stay away. Steve, however, was grateful for his company. He felt his hand being scratched, and stood up again.
"It's the smell," Volt smiled and looked at Steve slyly. "You smell the same way."
They sat in silence for a while. Bruce was shaking from the cold – all his clothes were in tatters. Steve gave him his hoodey. It was quite dirty and wrinkled, but it was still better than nothing.
"I think he didn't really like me."
"You constantly mess with the armor, adjusting it, making it better," Steve pressed his knees to the corner of the bed and pursed his lips, "but you almost never use it. You could've been a hero, you could be saving people, you've all the opportunities for it, but you only help the military from time to time. Yet you still offered this opportunity to me, and gave me the armor, so you must've considered the possibility."
"Bed," he muttered in a broken voice, not even trying to move away.
"That's a good question," Steve passed it onto Nat like a hot potato.
"I'll throw up if I try to eat anything," Steve admitted, with regret.
"You're Mister Rogers?"
"I think," Tony coughed, "I think my baby is not capable of withstanding an attack from a giant green monster."
"I'd like to meet Hank Pym," said Steve, and Tony snorted. He and Ben started talking almost simultaneously:
"You could ask Harold. He would be glad to help you."
He suddenly felt a wave of worry, unexplained and vague as of now, but present all the same.
"How terrible," Tony shuddered and sent Jarvis in search of food and something harmless to entertain themselves with.
"Does that bother you? We can have dinner. I'll tell you all about myself, you'll tell me everything about yourself, all proper-like."
For now, he smelt only of a pleasant mix of lilies of the valley, gunpowder and gun oil.
Steve punched the wall with such a force that Tony recoiled at the sight of him. Pain shot up his spine, the blood was whistling in his ears. Steve frowned.
"That thing in your chest," muttered Bruce. Steve could hardly hear him in all that noise. "What is it? It doesn't look like it could be the result of the serum."
Tony was still dressed in the same clothes as yesterday, and his hair was flattened at one side. He looked tired and sleepy.
"Hi," the archer grinned. Steve couldn't see his eyes – they were hidden by his glasses. "I knew you'd fly by. You always do when shit like this happens."
shra@gmail.com
"Maybe, I am a machine," Steve made a half-assed joke, and Happy, to his surprise, gave him a wide smile.
That sounded quite reasonable. Steve remembered his body accommodating to the reactor and how long rehabilitation took the first time. The thought of going through it again made him feel weird, a strange mix of anxiety and excitement. He touched the metal piece in his chest in an anxious move that was instinctive, subconscious, like pulling your hair.
"It's okay," Steve said as confidently as he could. "You'll see, Hank just went out, and they'll find him, and you'll be laughing about it in no time."
"No way," Stark shook his head, which made his grown hair get in his mouth and he spit them out. "If you don't recall, the Cetagandan Empire, meaning my mother, is still very interested in your body. And something tells me your own troops are not going to be too interested in morals and lawfulness of human experimentation when your story will catch the light of day. And it will, too many people know about it already."
"Is it worth it?"
"Of course, it is more important," Stark nodded. "But that fact's not going to stop me from grumbling. Let's have a tour, Captain. We'll have to spend too much time in this tin can, either way."
Steve let go, before he could think, but even before that, he gave the armor his order. He was free-falling for a few stores, counting second till he'd hit the ground, but then metal plates started coming around him. The faceplate covered his face, and Steve saw Tony – he was falling quicker, with his arms spread wide, flying towards the ground. Steve straightened, got his bearings and fired the repulsors.
"My condolences," Steve sighed.
"Dammit," Steve swore, "why? Whatever. Show me the map."
"Absolutely! Working, rebuilding my poor armor piece by piece, getting my hand ready for complicated movements." Tony's chuckle was interrupted by a bang. "Whoops. Alright. Steve, Happy will come get you tomorrow. If not, that bloody armor killed me after all."
It was over. Hank's particles worked, and that meant everything was going to be alright. Somehow, that made Steve as disappointed as it made him relieved, and he closed his eyes. It was low and wrong to find a reason for existence in somebody else's pain, and that seemed to be exactly what he did. Steve thought in disgust that he, apparently, still wanted to feel like a hero.
"Sit down," said Janet, pushing Steve towards the chair. Then she came towards Hank and adjusted the blanket, so he wouldn't fall on his next step. There was something soft and intimate about it, and Steve looked away. His t-shirt still smelled slightly of Tony's perfume, and he felt like the smell became stronger when he tried to straighten the fabric.
"I think that was exactly what happened," she gave a cautious answer, cursing herself in her thoughts for not doing such an obvious thing as checking the first responder. "The case was transferred to me two hours ago. I'll find out the details."
The rest Steve remembered only vaguely. He put all emotions aside, everything that could get in the way of him doing what he had to do, and carefully assembled Tony's hand. Any mistake would cause him pain, and Steve couldn't allow that. He'd already made too many mistakes.
Steve made a few steps forward, trying to determine the direction, and then broke through the wall in front of him, not quite understanding what he was doing. There was no one in the building; each floor he passed through was empty, except for this one. On this one, where there was a second pulse beating in his neck.
He leaned on the table and sighed.
When Bucky was warming up his little self like this, Steve fell asleep and woke up still sick, but at least without a fever. Now, he couldn't even think of falling asleep next to Stark, but even the restless Cetagandan wasn't sleeping, so the Captain started listing regulation articles in his head. Then, started thinking about purposes of this strange game between their empires and who, beyond Baron Fell, could be involved.
"Exactly."
"Hypothermia. How long were you there? Did you want to get out yourself?"
"Tony," Steve interrupted again. He felt unnaturally calm for some reason, like all his worries lost their meaning. He was either too tired to feel anxious anymore, or he already reached the limit of excitations he could experience in one day.
He knocked, and they heard a loud shout of 'Coming!', before the door opened, revealing to their eyes a small, barely reaching Tony's waist, boy of about four years with dark hair. It wasn't quite clear from the get-go how he managed to reach the door handle and why there were no adults present, who had to be looking after him and who shouldn’t have let him open the door before strangers.
"I'll trust your unprofessional but very valuable opinion," Stark nodded.
"In the atmosphere of peace, love and all that bullshit?" asked Steve.
Happy met him at the entrance and gestured at the front door of the car:
He, apparently, expected Steve to ask, but he was silent. Schmidt and Zemo, Red Skull and the Baron, they were two targets from Iron Man's list that Steve didn't have time to eliminate. Knowing that this world dealt with them without his help wasn't enough of a consolation.
Steve mentally went through possible explanations. Was it a disease? A mental disorder? A result of working with poisonous substances? Is that why doctor Banner was trying to run away?
"Got it," said Steve. Tony waved his head and disappeared in the corridor.
Tony put the cup down with a thud and gave him a grim look. The change of mood was so sudden Steve had no time to adjust.
Steve unclenched his fingers and the crumpled fabric of his t-shirt fell down. He looked at Tony, trying to understand if he was joking or not, because joking about these things in the forties wasn't just improper – it was unacceptable. Especially in the army.
"Pepper is actually here," she said. "And she's going to take a shower now." Happy went up the stairs, following a barely there gesture she made. "Decide for yourself, who's keeping me company."
"As a rule!" Clint whispered and rolled his eyes. "I told you to stay away from him."
"I would be the most expensive charger in the world. Do you even know how much an hour of my time costs?" He scratched his chin. "At a second thought, don't imagine it. Do you wanna walk?"
He sat up, awkwardly, leaning on his right hand, looked at the trashed ground and whistled. The pieces of armor flew closer and, in a matter of seconds, assembled into a rough image of a person.
"Hulk," added Bruce. "That's what he calls himself. Doctor Banner and Mister Hulk. It's kind of ironic, really."
"Don't apologize," said Steve. "I'm not leaving until I have my answers."
"Hm... why are you... so short for a ghem-lord?" Rogers decided to save the artillery for later, but still poke Stark with a stick. The Consul, however, didn't seem either surprised or offended.
"What are you so angry about?" Steve felt himself getting irritated. "What help was Jarvis when you're almost drowned in your shower, with no enemies around?"
"Yeah," grumbled Tony, "even truth serum is better than that, it doesn't spoil the taste."
"What are you talking about?" answered Steve, surprised. "I've never received any."
"I'm still finding it hard to believe it's possible at all," admitted Steve. Tony snorted, digging into the bag.
"Steven," he said. "I was starting to fear you weren't coming back."
He also had Gail, but Gail stayed in America, and Steve left for war. Remembering her caused a shot of pain, the loss of a chance at a future that Steve suffered the moment he signed up for the Iron Man project. He didn't regret it, and he tried not to look back, not to think how everything could've been different.
"I've no idea."
Janet squeezed Steve's fingers even harder and, with confidence surprising for her state, went inside, leaving behind the grim suits and the nervous intern. The corridor looked untouched, as did the elevator, as did narrow passages between the rooms. Janet quickened her step, almost starting to run, and Steve had to focus not to stumble as he followed her.
"Something's wrong there, you mean. Something is rotten in the state of Cetaganda," Steve paraphrased a quote from a classic author. "Do you think he reacted like that to a mention of Jackson's Whole because their people are involved in the death of his father?"
"No."
"Steve?" Tony asked, worry coming up in his voice.
"Gross," Vorromanof concluded. "What's the difference, then?"
"I don't understand," he said, looking back at Tony.
"Hulk," answered the beast. "No Bruce."
He'd seen a face like this before – maybe not an exact copy, but one that was very much alike. Then again, being frozen and old might've blurred the memories.
"Changed your mind yet?" asked Banner.
Captain Rogers took note of this. This was the first time he heard something like genuine emotion – disgust in this particular case – in the masterfully controlled Colonel's voice.
"Everybody makes mistakes," said Steve.
"Where's Hank?" Janet's voice sounded sharp. "What's going on? Of course, just tell me..."
"Nobody's got hurt? I mean..."
Steve was expecting that 'but'.
So, he was a criminal, after all. But what would get you in such a weird relationship with the government? Traitors met their fate fast. Bruce also didn't look like a murderer. Did he refuse to take part in some operation and was under scrutiny now? Steve didn't have any illusions about the government for a long time, or maybe, he never really did.
"Did your mistress give your orders before you accompanied her son to Barrayar?"
'Urgent' always meant 'right now' for Steve, so he nodded and was going to disconnect, when Clint added:
"It's pointless to have a plan for everything when there are too many options." Tony touched the wire with the fingers of his free hand, and Steve flinched. "Sometimes it's better to risk it, especially if you know it'll be worth it."
Steve didn't even doubt that, but his decision felt like a point of no return. He was either going to change forever, or he was going to die.
"Me, too," answered Steve.
Steve frowned in confusion. To his utter horror, Tony grabbed the wrist of his left hand with his right and raised it.
"Of course," Dugan agreed enthusiastically.
"Go to bed," Steve repeated, and Tony grimaced.
"I'm alright. Who's Johnny?"
"I left a phone in his backpack, my card and my number," he said. "The channel's encrypted, so he can call when he'll figure out he needs it. I hope he's not an idiot."
"What? No, they just expect us to get cold," Tony waved his hand. "If they don't like anyone, it's the Barrayarans. So many years had passed since that war, and still," he smirked, and Steve felt the way that all Cetagandans probably feel on Barrayar. Uneasy.
Before Steve could say anything at all, Reed quickly threw up his hands. The act looked laughably awkward.
"They were common before, then?" muttered Steve, stroking a completely normal cock. He had ideas in his head, one madder than another. He wanted to please him with his tongue, but his lack of experience... Then again, if he just remembered what he himself had liked...
"It'll hurt," warned Tony in an emotionless tone of voice, attaching something to Steve's wrist. That made him flinch, and a malicious grin appeared on Tony's face. "Not now. Still don't want to get knocked out and miss it?"
"What did you do?" asked Steve.
"Information?" Banner echoed.
"I don't know," he said. "But I'm going to find out."
"Wait," Steve pulled away the phone and told the driver the address, "There're too many people in suits here, I don't even understand what's happening. Can you find out something?"
The sun was setting down in the west, coloring the institute's windows in red. There were no cars on the parking lot, except for Tony's, and that emptiness seemed to have robbed the place of all sounds. Children's laughter and dogs barking somewhere afar seemed distant, as if separated by a glass.
Steve hesitated, stepping from foot to foot, then put his water flask in the pocket and followed – it didn't seem like he had any other choice, really. He had to ask her about Banner, of course, but he didn't quite want to do it out in the open.
DON'T ANSWER THIS
"I wouldn't have minded at all keeping enjoying this like a lazy sod, but I'm afraid you'll think I'm egotistical," said Tony in a few minutes.
Tony didn’t stop looking at him through his tirade, and his fingers on the glass turned white with tension.
"Thank you for the consultation, Jarvis," Steve went so far as to bow slightly. "It's nice to talk to someone who knows what they're talking about."
Steve barely had enough time to catch him. Tony put his hand on his shoulder. The link between them was going both ways now, and Steve felt how weak he was. He pushed Tony to another chair, the one facing Faustus' table, and gave him a worried look.
"Not to mention a theoretically impossible energy source that can bankrupt fuel corporations in a second." Tony yawned. "I was used to considering myself a technical genius, but my father is making me self-conscious."
"He's joking," Steve said, exhausted. "It's okay."
"I'm all ears," Tony answered. He moved away.
"They reported that the oldest head of Jackson's Whole houses is dead," answered Steve, slowly, "Baron Fell didn't get to me in time."
"Of course. It's called Yu Ju. I'm afraid, it's not well suited to autumn ceremonies, but it's just too good."
Steve gave Bruce a quick glance. The man looked calm, only his cheek was twitching. There were no spasms, like yesterday. Steve could only hope that his gun theory was working.
"You sure?" asked Steve.
The question clearly puzzled Tony. He flinched, probably fighting an urge to look at his hands, and shrugged.
They ate in silence. The car was quickly cooling down with its engine turned off, and Steve shuddered.
"Did you have something to do with it?" Steve asked, and the archer winced.
"I do," came from the door.
"I was thinking," Reed said, after a pause. "The apartment will be yours, well, after we leave for space."
"It's none of your business," said Steve. "I gotta go."
"I'll find that bloody Justin, whatever hole he's hiding in, and I'll improve his phenotype so much his own Constellation won't recognize him! What kind of engineer is he? If he's allowed to have children, we'll have an army of bloody idiots on our hands! I'll have that red haired bastard look the way he thinks! Jarvis? Are you here? Get me out of here, it's terribly wet and cold!"
"That's your world as well."
Tony's body was pleasantly warm, and Steve, as if in response to it, started shivering.
"Either way, it's conscious and you can talk to it," the medic briefly contemplated the possibility of many lawsuits from an haut-lady, then tried to shook it off and go back to familiar actions.
