“Lestrade won't let you get bored out of your mind, Sherlock. Something will come up eventually.” John reassured him, putting his leg up on the couch table. Sherlock had repositioned himself in a caricature of a sitting/hanging position in his chair whilst rambling on about the case. John was barely listening. He just kept staring at Sherlock, a smile on his face.
“Are you okay, Sherlock?” he asked. Sherlock managed a small smile.
“That would... that wouldn't make any sense, would it?” John slowly began. “If Moriarty was just an actor, wouldn't it be stupid of him to even come here?“
“Yes. I live here after all.”
Mycroft gave Sherlock another long look, as if waiting for something else. Sherlock stared back with a blank face. Mycroft finally sighed, and got out of his chair.
“Excuse me?”
... Are you telling me that Mary is working for Moriarty?”
He grunted John's name through gritted teeth as John entered him with the first finger. Some anger was dwelling up inside of him, but more than that confusion, and hurt, and fear. A mind-numbing fear that he hadn't experienced in ages, and that left his body vulnerable and useless. He could barely fight back. For just a moment he was glad John didn't look at his face.
“You could just invite me to a restaurant for once,” he said, unable to keep his grumpiness out of his voice. It was flu-season. “You know, like normal people.”
Silence ensued. John was starting to wonder if Sherlock had dropped a hint he had missed, something of enormous importance. Had Victor been too affectionate? Too-
“What are you - ...you tried to carry me.” Sherlock simply stated as he started to get up. He looked slightly disoriented, and seemed to be looking for something.
“...I added 'no offence'.” he finally said. John scuffed.
There is an abundance of expressions the English language offers to describe an epiphany, but the linguistic details of the epiphany Sherlock experienced are of minor importance. Whether a realisation had struck like lightning, a penny had dropped or a spark had lightened the bonfire that was his mind; whether those metaphors referred to electricity or light; within a second, Sherlock was frantic movement and pure, unconcealed panic.
– department, she must have - “
“Someone 'that completes you'?”
I am not dead, but I've been away on a business trip for quite a while. I have finally finished the next chapters, and will upload them soon. Thank you all so much for your support and kind words!!! I really appreciate each and every one!
“Who was what? You'll have to be more specific than that, John.”
“Sherlock… He didn’t – He didn’t do anything you were not comfortable with, did he?”
A single fingerprint of a dead man appearing on a letter addressed at Sherlock Holmes. Missing fingers. Missing evidence from the crime scene. Traces of water in places where it hadn't rained in days and more fingers and toes appearing, reaching a total number of 23. Both male, both dead.
First of all, their petty criminal from three weeks prior had turned up dead. Which in itself wasn't spectacularly surprising, but he had been found in an all familiar swimming pool that had been closed for ages. The location was too plainly obvious, but a key found in the victim's abdomen led them to a locker at the subway station close to Scotland yard and the code was 221.
“It’s okay. It’s okay, Sherlock. You’re okay", John repeated, and Sherlock huffed a laugh.
Sherlock stayed silent at that, his face darkening. He put his fingers under his chin, shooting Mycroft a glare that could have cut skin.
John was smiling widely now.
“Yes, yes you did.” he mumbled as he carefully brushed his hand through Sherlock's hair. “You, Sherlock Holmes, are an arrogant, pompous and brilliant bastard, you know that." Sherlock's eyes were set on him, patiently but cautiously waiting for god who knew what to happen. "And is that what you think of me?”
“You know what the issue is here?” Moriarty finally asked, and Sherlock shot him a glance. They were so far from any parts of the city or even the countryside that Sherlock had given up mapping the intricate details of their route and instead kept to the street signs. And overall, he just preferred looking outside instead of the other man for too long. Moriarty chuckled, and gestured around to nothing in particular. “You don’t care about this, any of this. Not really. Not your family, nor your friends. Not even your own life.”
“I'm terribly busy, you know? I apologise for neglecting you lately.”
“John..” Sherlock began, without any idea what to say. “I... I didn't expect you back here.”
It took John a minute to speak. He took a few deep breaths, as if to calm himself, and finally gritted out: “... so... you really believe all of that stuff?”
Mary was not sure how she felt about the whole Sherlock-ordeal. In the beginning, she had thought John’s obsession with Sherlock would be a fleeting crush, some guy to shag and then forget – up until then she hadn’t even been aware that John was into men as well. Maybe she should have seen it coming, John’s possessiveness and obsessiveness once he wanted something (or someone) and Sherlock being brilliant (enough) and… lonely. Most people would have found it quite sad.
“It seems to concur with your type-“
“Shut up.”
John was shaking by the time Sherlock was done. He looked more upset than exposed, but Sherlock blinked that impression away – he had never been good interpreting other people's emotions and after all, if he was right, he didn't know the man in front of him in the first place.
Three days later, and he hated Mycroft for how well he could predict each tiny detail of his life, Sherlock could leave the hospital. Pain still flared up in his chest and ribs (one of them was broken, two were cracked, but he didn't particularly care. It was a miracle that the bullet had missed the major blood vessels anyway) every time he took a breath. He came home to a flat without John Watson, that still had John's newspaper neatly folded on the kitchen table and their cups of tea next to them – everything as they had left it. Nonetheless, the rooms were empty and cold without John Watson there.
It was
“Something is bothering you, Sherlock. I may not be the proper address to turn to in the matters of the heart-”
Moriarty swirled the tea around in its cup, observing it like it was a fine wine. His tone was a whisper when he finally spoke. “You know,” he began. “I’ve always liked you.”
Sherlock nodded, clearly not understanding. John kissed Sherlock’s hand again, closing his eyes.
“I am pleased to see you're finally awake.” Mycroft stated as he poured water into the cup. He gave Sherlock a stiff smile as he handed it to his younger brother, who snatched it from him, grimacing in pain. For a few seconds, he just drank, so greedy that he started to wonder how long he had been out.
“Why would that be any of your concerns?” he finally asked. This was an exchange.
John couldn’t have identified the look on Sherlock’s face for the life of him. It was a bizarre mixture of excitement, and madness, and a tinge of brilliant fear. He interrupted Sherlock again, “So you’re telling me I was seeing some sort of agent slash psychopath?”
“What about the fingers?” John growled.
to do better than that.
- "Darkness lingers in each and every heart. Our everlasting burden is to keep it at bay instead of giving in and allowing it to take over."
Sherlock didn’t respond for a second or two, then he opened the door a tad further, and Moriarty let himself in.
“John,” he rasped. “Let me... if you want, I'll-” He slid his slim fingers under John's boxer shorts, and quickly slid them down. It was a bit difficult based on the fact that John was still hovering over him, but he got it done. But instead of letting go of Sherlock, John's hands grabbed him by the shoulders and as Sherlock realised John was about to turn him onto his stomach, he began to struggle. He had no intention of hurting John, but the implication of him lying on his stomach with John looming above him flickered into his mind too quickly; against his will, he didn't even want to consider the possibility of something like that ensuing-
“It had mine over it, too.”
The pretty woman did not react.
They turned around another corner into a street that was a little quieter. There were fewer people on it, too, but Sherlock didn't expect Moriarty to jump or try to attack him. Not his style.
Moriarty managed to look both impressed and offended, but only for a second. “Ouch. I have feelings, too, you know that?”
Yes, she had seen him, she admitted when he asked her. Yes, a cup of tea would be great, thank you. Yes, John had seemed alright. No, he hadn't talked to her about Sherlock or anything that had happened. No, about nothing in particular, but he could see she was lying to him about that one.
“My first boyfriend I had in college.” He finally said, so suddenly that it startled John. John nodded. He knew that. “My only boyfriend. Victor.” He knew that too. “He studied physics, and was surprisingly intelligent, and… bearable. We went out for almost a year.”
His eyes finally focussed on Moriarty, who seemed immensely pleased with himself, evermore so than usually.
“Well, you're Sherlock Holmes. You tell me.”
Mycroft finally shot him an exasperated look, and at that moment, he looked so concerned and tired that Sherlock finally sat down opposite of his brother, in John’s chair. Mycroft’s eyebrows jumped for a split second.
“ He probably deserved this, but for the first time in his life, Sherlock felt utter terror looking at John, “
Sherlock gave him a smile, and moved his face a fraction closer to John's. It took him a while to realise Sherlock was – was hoping for a kiss. It was quick, and awkward, but as John hurried out of the house both of them couldn't help but grin.
“Yes, you can. Anything and anyone leaves some kind of proof. There are clues, there's evidence-”
He realised someone was in the room before his eyes had even adjusted to the darkness. The sun hadn't yet risen, and he could barely make out the shapes of his surroundings. Before he had even made a first conscious decision he was on his feet, John's Sig Sauer was in his hand, and he pointed it at the unknown intruder with both hands. The figure froze, raising their hands. His. It was a male, not especially tall. Military background.
“John, I must ask you to come home immediately. Do not talk to or interact with Mary or anyone who approaches you. Please, come home. Now.”
Sherlock just stared at that. Whether that constituted an issue depended on who’s deciding, he thought to himself, but he just licked his lips and stayed silent. Moriarty was so damn unpredictable, and right now his smile was the grin of an utter maniac, ready to pounce.
“You've been unconscious for the better part of eight hours”, Mycroft announced before Sherlock could even ask. “You've had rather intensive surgery, but nothing too severe considering your usual standards. The bullet managed to miss any vital organs, but you should probably rest for a week. Three days, for an impatient brat like you. You lost a lot of blood.”
Sherlock was positively going insane. He and John had been chasing after the intangible ghostly traces of Moriarty for nearly two weeks now, and still, every time they reached out to finally get hold of the criminal, their hands grasped at thin air. It was beginning to frustrate John immensely, he'd barely done half his clinic hours and Sherlock was getting out of hand one day at a time.
They had already been lying on Sherlock’s bed anyways, John dead from work and Sherlock in that state of unbound energy that boredom usually left him in. They had been talking about blood samples.
“Right. Bye, you two.” Mary gave both of them a smile that was gorgeous and at the same time made something inside of Sherlock ache. The blonde woman, Mary, put her scarf around her neck and descended the stairs, turning around for one final wave. John and Sherlock still stood in the door when the entrance door downstairs fell closed, both in silence.
“I was just wondering. Whether... if I'm the problem, you know? If it's me you're having an issue with-”
“Then again, the whole of your being, the air of clumsiness and the softness around your eyes-”
John interrupted him, disbelief in his voice. “What? No, no, nonsense. Sherlock, I know this is awkward, but it was definitely mutual. As far as I'm concerned.”
“Just a hunch, really,” Mycroft said, too brightly. “But please, Sherlock-“ Sherlock squinted. “Whatever you do, I must advise you to err on the side of caution. These people are professionals. They are dangerous. It is of utmost importance that you stay safe.” And clean, his eyes added, as he got up and grabbed his umbrella. He nodded to his younger brother, giving him a sad smile.
This was about as intimate as Mycroft Holmes had ever been with him, and on a certain level, John appreciated it. He felt his lips turn into a warm smile. It might even have been a real one.
“Sherlock, what is it? Are you all right?”
“What was this about. The woman?”
“I don’t like being touched…there", he finally mumbled against John’s skin, when both of them had calmed down and they had settled into a comfortable position. John’s erection had relented, and Sherlock breathed in his scent. John was so warm, and so soft, and he had to give him something – John squeezed his shoulder, but only slightly. “That’s okay. Just talk to me, okay? Tell me what to do.”
“...Where's John.” he finally mumbled, his steel blue eyes set on Moriarty's. The other man's demeanour was unsettling at best.
“I broke up with him.” A short, clipped answer, as if he didn’t want to talk about it.
“Don't-” He cleared his throat. “don't worry about me, Sherlock. I've been around madmen for quite a while now.”
“Shhh, Sherlock. You must rest, Doctor's orders.”
It took Sherlock a while to finally return the smile, and when he did he half-closed his eyes, waiting for a kiss. It was always him offering, waiting for John to make the final move. As if he expected John to pull back at the last second. John grinned as he tenderly put his lips against Sherlock's.
“Sherlock, you need to take better care of yourself.” He said, his voice silent and just the slightest bit sad as he handed Sherlock a plate of food. “You’re not eating enough. Not sleeping.”
What do you need? Are you okay?
“He seems to have been played just as John and I were. That’s all.”
But this case was different. Apart from his obvious emotional involvement – Sherlock snarled at himself – the clues, if there were any, had been created for him. These were no neglected traces of evidence left behind by an oblivious killer or maniac – this was someone who had the sole intent to deal with Sherlock Holmes. Probably. Or maybe he had just chased the only person that could probably love him away.
“...? Whmmf?-” His eyes widened, and he struggled in panic as he recognised his own gun pointed at him – again. He was starting to get accustomed to this. Sherlock seemed to take some pity on him -no that wasn't it- but at least he reached forward and cautiously pulled whatever blocked John's mouth out. The gun was still pointed at his face though.
John was stunned. For a while he just stared at Sherlock, amazement in his eyes. “...brilliant.” he finally mumbled. “Wait, did you just insult me-?”
Sherlock was quite an obsessive persona, had in fact ever been. One of the ways in which his neurotic nature expressed itself was a manifold and slightly disturbing set of behaviours. These covered more external patterns of behaviour that included gut-churning experiments with human body parts (and storing them in the fridge), a tendency to conveniently 'forget' household chores (and complain about them not being tended to later) and greeting human emotions with irritation. Another was the exasperated sigh that went along with such experiences. Yet another one was his twitching lips, the left corner or his mouth to be more specific, whenever he encountered an unfamiliar situation. He was doing it right now.
“The two of you have… initiated a change to your relationship?”
“Spying on your brother is a bit low, even by your standards, isn't it.”
“Sherlock, what are you talking about?”
“So, I figure I was in no imminent danger of death. What brings me the honour of her majesty, then?”
“So…?” John finally began, raising an eyebrow. Mycroft seemed to be searching for the right words - an unusual sight. Finally, he crossed his hands over the handle of the umbrella he always carried with him, scrutinising it as if the handle was the most intricate piece of artwork he had ever encountered.
“Of course you didn’t, because you’re an idiot. And that’s
“Wow. I managed to baffle the great Sherlock Holmes into silence,” John replied as they broke their kiss. His cheeks were flushed, and on his face was the widest grin Sherlock had ever seen – John looked so incredibly happy. Sherlock frowned, but his smile didn't leave his lips. It was beyond him how he could make a good man like John so happy, but at the moment he didn't mind. He didn't mind at all. He leaned in again.
For a moment, there was a flicker of something in Sherlock’s eyes as he gazed up at John. Something bright, something appreciative – hope, John realised. Sherlock seemed to have hoped to trigger some sort of reaction from John, back that night, when he had told him about Victor. Maybe he had hoped opening up would show John that the issue he took with intimacy was …valid. Had hoped that it was. That he was not so… unresponsive to John because of anything John had done. Whatever meaning Sherlock had tried to convey, John was still seeing Mary, and Sherlock seemed to have resigned himself to beating himself up about his own naivety, except for those tiny specks of hope that sometimes flared up in his eyes whenever John showed him kindness. Such wonder.
“Is this because – Sherlock, you don’t have to prove anything to me.” John’s eyes widened. He realised what the other man was doing – now that Mary was ‘gone’, this was Sherlock’s one chance to show John how compliant he could be, and maybe, maybe make John fall for him again. The thought made his heart clench with delight. This would be oh so painful, and oh so sweet.
“May I come in?”
In the end their incoherent fumbling – because Sherlock seemed intent not to let John touch him – lead to John taking Sherlock's head in between his hands and guiding him in between his legs. You could see Sherlock's mind rear up at the thought, and he looked as if he'd soon be sick all over John's stomach, but he finally opened his mouth and began to meekly lick John's cock. A delighted sigh left John's mouth, and he cooed Sherlock through it with a litany of compliments and moans as he guided him up and down in just the right pace until Sherlock made a strangled, gagging noise in the back of his throat. It was awesome.
“...Sherlock” mumbled John in a low voice, and Sherlock took in all of his frame, his posture, the way his Adam's apple moved under the skin of his throat as he swallowed, his laboured breathing. His pupils were dilated. He was obviously aroused.
“I assume he...” his voice cracked with the last syllable, and he felt his hands start to shiver. Damnit. “Did he make you...?”
” John finally glanced at the bottle in his hand, as if he couldn’t remember having picked it up in the first place, less having lifted it – as if to strike something, or someone, and a horrified expression crossed his face, the bottle slowly slid from his hand to the floor, splattered into a thousand pieces that neither of them even acknowledged – only their heavy breathing hanging in the air, and Sherlock’s wide eyes searching John’s. John wasn’t looking back at him. For just this moment, both of them were afraid.
Third, they loved every second of it.
Sherlock's phone made a noise, and he threw a short glance at its screen. There was no particular expression on his face, but Molly wondered whether he was musing about the message or the answer to her question.
There was a split second of eerie silence, then John was screaming all the anger that Sherlock himself felt – with a frustrated cry, the smaller man gave the couch table between them a rough kick, which sent Sherlock tumbling onto the couch behind him. “
Hey there, lovelies.
Sherlock was gone when John came to the next time. He wandered through the flat but only found money and clothes missing, so he didn't make too much of an issue about it. He would have preferred to have Sherlock with him, he always wanted that man close to him, but he could wait. He knew Sherlock Holmes would come back. Sherlock Holmes always came back to him.
When he finally opened the door to their living room, he came home to many things which were out of place: One of them was John, so apparently he had left work earlier or had not gone at all, and his expression was one of absolute terror. He'd locked his jaw with a stern expression and glared at the second issue present: Moriarty.
When they finally arrived back at 221B Baker Street, it had already gone dark. Sherlock remarked something incredibly clever whilst he brushed the door open, and both of them chuckled. They were exhausted and euphoric, the last traces of the adrenalin finally leaving their bodies. Sherlock threw his coat away and turned on his heels, only to nearly run into John. Both immediately halted, their eyes locked onto each other. Silence settled for a moment, as John gave Sherlock a soft, warm smile that said so much he could not express in words. Sherlock stared back. It would have been the perfect moment, he thought-
“...Sh'lock..” John rasped, trying to work his jaw. Sherlock's eyes were hard. He was on guard, each muscle in his body strained and his finger still on the trigger. The safety was unlocked.
"Of course, denial is an understandable initial reaction..." Sherlock began, but John's glare willed him into silence before he could finish the sentence.
“What is Thomas Brooks doing here?”
He squinted at the thought of it. He needed some time. John would understand, would he.
“Please rest assured I have no intention to invade your or my brother’s privacy,” Mycroft added, still looking uneasy. “For my part, you moving in with my brother was a welcome …change.” He had considered that last word especially thoughtfully. “He was in a bad place before he met you, Dr Watson. He owes you a lot. In fact, I do owe you.”
“What a waste of tea,” he murmured, as he put the cups aside. Only when his hand took hold of Sherlock’s arm did the detective finally emerge from his trance.
“You are.”
John made a soft sound in response. For once, he really was surprised. Having witnessed the relationship Sherlock and his brother had, John just couldn’t picture Sherlock gossiping about – or even mentioning – something as trivial as his sex life. He wondered if Mycroft even knew about Victor. “Sherlock told you?”
He pointed his index finger at himself, giving both of them a suggestive look.
Sherlock snapped, “For god’s sake, John, you’re being even more stupidly righteous than usual.”
Damn it, I might as well serve the tea while it's still hot. Have an extrordinarily long chapter to make up for the long wait, loves! :)
“What do you want,” Sherlock rasped, his voice giving away more of his defeat than he would have liked. Jim gleamed at him.
“You... you knew he'd be coming”, he finally rasped.
Moriarty’s face scrunched into a grimace of utter agony at that. “No. No, no, Sherlock,” he whined, “No, not like this. Too simple. Give me all you’ve got.”
Sherlock finally stepped towards them, eyeing Moriarty who occupied his chair. When neither Moriarty nor John made a move, he gestured towards the simple chair next to him.
Sherlock took a tentative step back.
“John? ..John.” Sherlock hated hearing his own voice quiver with the same panic that was simultaneously creeping into his stomach and making it coil. His whole body froze in terror as he felt John's hand slide under his dressing gown, tracing his waist, the curve of his hips, the hipbones that were probably more prominent than they should be. He was about to touch him
“Sit.”
John made an acknowledging little sound to signal he was listening, not sure what to say. This was going somewhere, but he had no idea why Sherlock was telling him about all this. As far as John knew, Sherlock and this guy had dated for a year, until Sherlock had broken it off, and then they had never talked to each other again. He hadn’t cared to get more details. He didn’t mind.
“So. The game's on.”
“Who was it?”
John nodded, although he was aware Sherlock couldn’t see him. The silence told him Sherlock was probably choosing his words very carefully, debating with himself whether to utter them at all.
“Sherlock, what is it? Are you okay?”
“What softness around my-”
“Sorry,” mumbled John whilst he gave Sherlock a sheepish grin. “You better go to bed, sleeping here will give you a cold. And a broken neck.”
“He thinks you've set him up, my dear.” Moriarty chanted, but John still didn't get it. “Played him, betrayed his trust, lovers deceiving each other.”
Sherlock was mildly surprised when Jim, or Thomas, or whatever he called himself now, stood in front of his front door unannounced, but not really. At least John had left the flat hours before to head to work, so he presumably wouldn’t end up getting shot at again.
The car came to a halt in front of something that looked suspiciously like an abandoned lab or production facility, on fenced-off property, nonetheless. Something in the back of his mind cried at Sherlock that something was very wrong here, but when Moriarty politely reached out his hand for Sherlock’s phone, Sherlock complied. He doesn’t really know why. He got out slowly, and followed Moriarty and his smug expression and the bounce in his step into the dark building without looking back.
Eventually, Sherlock breathed a deep sigh. “I'm not blind, neither are you. I've figured it out, we're fine.”
“Pleaseeee, someone just give him a hug.” - Me, watching Sherlock. Each and every time.
“I take that as a yes, then.”
“Do you wish to talk about it?” he finally asked in a strained voice, and Sherlock's head irked towards his brother with an incredulous look on his face.
Her Majesty, who went by Mycroft these days, was not amused. He despised surprises, even more so if they flared up where wounds had closed and painfully healed long ago. Opening old scars always made them worse, and Sherlock surely had a lot of those.
Molly nodded, too overwhelmed by the woman's warmth and cordiality. Maybe interacting with living, talking people for once would do both of them some good.
He had never been one for crying, or emotional outbursts, and he certainly wouldn't start now. Nonetheless, keeping his composure demanded effort of herculean proportions, and he was barely able to keep up the performance. He finally excused himself, at which John gave him a weird look, and went to bed.
“Where are we going?”
John mustered Sherlock for a long while. It was too heart-wrenching to see the man torn between hope and fear, loneliness, common sense and love, and that utter, desperate longing that had drawn John to him in the first place. There was something else, subtle but sincere; confusion.
In a way it was brilliant, insanely so. Within a few hours, Moriarty had woven his slender fingers into what had become John's doing and Sherlock's undoing. Walls came crashing down. It was brilliant, so brilliant. The fingers in the fireplace, all of them pointing towards Sherlock's room and towards John's, the number of digits left on the corpses. The one person whom he trusted with his life and everything he held dear; John.
Instead, he omitted all those childish and, if he admitted it, envious questions. He sounded like the awful, nagging wife in those TV shows John used to watch all the time. He remained silent instead, giving John a look that was meant to be supportive, or at least glad to see his flatmate again. It must have looked pretty pathetic.
“I am not a good man, Sherlock.”
Sherlock uttered some sort of laugh, but it sounded more distressed than amused. “Based on my observations of your prior encounters with various women frequenting your room, I assume you're wrong. I appreciate your intentions, though.”
I felt like making a horrible pun and naming this chapter "Mycraft". Needless to say, I resisted.
- ” He threw Moriarty a questioning look “There you really broke character, John. Or was it Thomas Brooks' idea, I can hardly keep them straight?”
When he returned from the bathroom, toothbrush in hand and yawn on his face, Mycroft was still there, staring intently at nothing and bobbing his foot impatiently. It seemed he had no intention of leaving.
When Sherlock came home after one of his trips – it was a Friday morning, 10.30 AM and he hadn't slept in nearly 24 hours - his mind was too troubled to notice either the ominous black car in front of Speedy's which had no business being there, or how unusually empty the street was on this particular day.
John only resisted for a while, until he finally had Sherlock’s warm mouth around his cock, and was in heaven.
“Of course.”
“...I live here as well.”
“I am aware your relationship with my brother goes deeper than that.” Mycroft finally said. The discussion had turned way too personal for his liking. “But I must ask you to tread with caution. He’s been through a lot.”
“Sherlock...” John mumbled. Realisation began to creep onto his face. “Last night – oh my god, Sherlock. I'm so - I'm so sorry- I'm-” Sherlock's frown deepened, and as he finally spoke his voice didn't sound like his own.
“...Mycroft.” Sherlock finally rasped, his voice cracking. His face twitched as his brother moved to take a plastic cup from Sherlock's bedside table. "It makes no sense whatsoever to have an umbrella inside a hospital room."
John was at a loss for words. So he just kept staring at his flatmate with sad eyes and a frown on his face.
“Are you… are you
There was an odd silence whilst John blushed. This was the closest to a confession Sherlock had ever made, and it was truly touching. His heart melted along with his smile, and he carefully reached for Sherlock's hand.
He bowed down, and pressed a chaste kiss onto Sherlock's shaking forehead. “See you soon.”
“Why?” John did.
He felt the tip of John's cock at his arse, pressing on demandingly until he found Sherlock's entrance. Another sob. He wished he could stop shaking. “-Please, John. Please. You don't have to do this-” Sherlock nearly begged, but John shoved himself forward, guiding his eager cock into Sherlock's narrow passage without even listening to the detective's pleas.
“I'm too stupid to be the bad guy? Is that what you're trying to say?” John shot him an angry look, but he couldn't stop the corners of his mouth from quirking upwards. It was adorable, really. Raw emotions.
“Of course it is.”
“He implied, I inferred.” Mycroft shot back in a clipped voice, and finally the other man realised that Mycroft Holmes simply felt terribly uncomfortable discussing his younger brother’s sexual activities.
John had started to come into Sherlock's room at night, in order to wake him from nightmares and be ready in case Sherlock wanted to talk. Of course Sherlock never did, but it was nice knowing John was there, just in case. They had re-assumed their habit of sleeping aside each other, Sherlock incredibly stiff and assuming John didn't notice, and John incredibly enduring and understanding. But now the doctor was startled awake.
Sherlock blinked, and blinked again, desperately trying to will this nightmare away. It was obvious he was OD-ing, there was no other explanation for all these horrific things ensuing. He groaned in pain as he tried to sit up, a stabbing sensation shooting up in his lower body – he felt like he'd been impaled. In a way he had been. Moriarty made a soothing noise and pressed Sherlock back into the bed gently.
Mycroft's mouth turned into a flat line. “I am not, dear brother. Are you?”
“Yes.” Sherlock still held his gaze, despite a hint of defiance creeping into his eyes. A hint of
“It’s not.”
“Sherlock, that’s… that’s awful.” John’s cock twitched in his pyjama bottoms, but he hardly even noticed.
“ – to get to you, to
Surprisingly, life went on rather quiet over the next few days. Sherlock was reasonably annoyed since the case had been solved in a matter of hours – or so he thought, but John dutifully listened to Sherlock's complaints and wondered about the comfortable silence that had settled between them. They shared some kisses here and there, some innocent, some rather demanding – until Sherlock broke away and disappeared under some sort of pretence, there were longing looks and soft touches, and John's understanding nodding that yes, he knew. None of them had actually talked about 'them' and what had happened, but neither seemed to care.
Sherlock’s face contorted, but into what, Jim could not discern.
“You’re not a stranger.”
“Upstairs.” Moriarty whistled. He got up in a swift, elegant movement and straightened the cuffs of his suit. “Right where I left him.” A diabolical grin crept onto his lips as he inspected his watch and contorted his face in mocked shock.
John.
“It's okay. You don't have to talk about it.”
“Well, I have tapes that prove otherwise.” Moriarty mused. The perpetual grin on his face seemed to grow by the minute. His eyes swept to Sherlock. There was something dark in his expression as he mustered the detective, and Sherlock felt the blood rush into his cheeks. He held the other man's gaze nonetheless.
When John awoke the next morning, it was from manifold weird, slightly sexually tainted dreams that centred more or less around his attractive, inexperienced flatmate. Said flatmate was up and about as John finally made it down into the kitchen, sleep still heavy in his eyes. No breakfast, of course not, Sherlock had never been one for tropes. But there was tea, and John thankfully poured himself a cup and went to join Sherlock in the living room.
“Sherlock, what I have done was-”
“Sherlock.” John interrupted him. “You really mean to tell me I 'created' John Watson and all of this .. this is... some kind of sick joke? Is that really what you're saying?”
Once again, not a question. An order.
Mycroft looked up again, his face carefully devoid of expression. “You think this is rather funny, do you not?”
“I don’t care!” John repeated, much louder and much harsher. Sherlock actually twitched, his eyes widening. His muscles were tense under the nightgown he was wearing, and his hands had crammed into fists, just as John’s. He was breathing too quickly.
so wonderful-“
“I hadn’t noticed.” John hadn’t meant to say it, really hadn’t, but Sherlock didn’t seem to mind. There was a scoff at the other end of the line.
to. If only John wouldn’t be so emotional, and let him explain –
“Elements of doubt”, Sherlock finally repeated. His throat had suddenly done dry.
“I don’t care”, he spat. It was the truth. He knew everything about Mary, about her time spent overseas, about her affiliations with the CIA, about her relationship to Moriarty…
About a week had passed, when Sherlock's eyes suddenly flared up with excitement and a rush to act, deduce, and conduct experiments that John hadn't seen in a long time. He suppressed a smile as Sherlock rushed into the living room like the whirlwind he was.
“Moriarty aside you must have had an intricate knowledge not only about my personal life but also connections and influence on the higher ranks of politicians and official representatives, considering that Mycroft didn't mind you living with me. Now, in regards to our complicated relationship it would be quite natural for him to omit such fact as 'Dear brother, you're moving in with a rapist', but given the amount of time he's been interacting with you now you've either never committed any serious crime or no one has ever picked up on it, which – considering my brother's uncontrollable urge to interfere with my life and those of everyone around me – and considering the ability of deep thinking and abstraction you've displayed in the time we've known each other, no offence – is highly unlikely.”
John didn't move an inch, his muscles locked and tense. For a moment Sherlock just stared at them, then he spun around to put his coat away. Had all of this...?
This was too easy. Sherlock almost closed his mouth, almost breathed – but that smile stayed on his lips.
Sherlock's eyes darkened. He didn't respond, but he pressed his lips together and turned his head towards the window.
“You're not.”
“John, I-“ Sherlock wanted to apologise, even though he knew he was right – he didn’t know what he wanted to apologise for, he only knew John had to stay. "For all it's worth, I'm sorry."
“John, John, thank god you’re finally here, listen, John, it finally makes sense, it all makes sense-“
John’s head nearly slipped off of his hand, he had almost dozed off. Now he was instantly awake.
John finally made a step towards Sherlock, breathing a heavy sigh. It was the first time John had ever been in his room, he realised. His muscles were tense, something irritated him – well of course, he'd just had a gun in his face. His gun. John took another step and stared Sherlock in the eyes, face still unreadable.
Any advice, comments, threats? Comment below *3*
“And since when have you turned into a marriage counsellor?”
“No,” Sherlock eventually stated. “Of course it wasn't John Watson.”
“I know.”
.  “-Please.”
“the way you express yourself and act around me and all other people – must have been the most cunning, sophisticated act, it would have taken ages to plan and construct, you would have to carefully construct a character that completes me, that goes with all the eccentricities of a sociopath, and that would have taken a genius that is, again, no offence, beyond you. In addition, there are some-”
Sherlock remained silent as his brother left the room.
“You've never been with a man then? Is it that?”
“Good night to you, too!” John shouted back, but Sherlock didn't - or pretended not to - hear him anymore.
? All these accusations-“ John finally began, -
“God Sherlock, you're the world cleverest detective. Is there anything you want to talk about?”
An uneasy silence settled between them. Sherlock was a tough one.
“I am not. I hurt people.”
Beloved readers,
“I. Want to. Have sex with you.” Sherlock repeated, pronouncing each word carefully. He sat up into a sitting position. His pale eyes went to search John’s warm ones, but they were only filled with confusion, and surprise.
“I don't like that look on your face. I intended to just read my-”
“What, maybe I just want to spend a lovely evening with you? Have some dinner, some wine and maybe something more?”
He had never seen anything even closely resembling the horror and sadness that crept into John's face. He wouldn't even have had to nod, because Sherlock felt his whole intestines turn as all the pieces fell into place.
“Oh, yeah, yes. Sleep.” Sherlock mumbled, looking somewhat distraught. Something seemed to be on his mind, but at the same time he couldn't bring himself to face it. It was probably John.
“Why, Sherlock, I missed you. I just came by to check on my dearest friend.”
“You… Did you get your brother to spy on her?”
“Case, a real
“What is all of this about?”
When Sherlock woke up, there was a split second of blissful ignorance and blankness in his head – then the pain flared up everywhere in his body, and last night's events came crashing back. His eyes shot up, trying to bulge out of his head, his breathing hitched– and he caught sight of Moriarty hovering above him with a worried expression on his face. Jim Moriarty sat on the edge of his bed.
John Watson sighed a sigh of relief, rubbing his neck as all his rage suddenly left him. He stood there for a while, as if lost, until Sherlock finally spoke.
“How come your brilliant mind cannot grasp the concept of ‘fuck off’?”
“You're... you're back.”
John knelt down in front of Sherlock, who kept his eyes on the plate of food in his lap. Finally, John put a hand at Sherlock’s knee, as carefully as he could. It was clear to both of them that Sherlock was just as starved of touch as he was scared of it, and it sent a sweet shiver through John’s heart when Sherlock’s eyes darted to meet John’s. He didn’t flinch, he was probably not even breathing – just attentive, huge eyes scanning the man in front of him.
“Yes, I do. Just tell me what to do.”
“What happened then?” he finally asked, when Sherlock didn’t manage to find any words.
“I had contemplated wearing my nurse-outfit, but I figured it'd distract you too much from getting some rest. And we wouldn't want that, would we.” Moriarty's voice was a blasphemous mocking of a loving mother's concerned tone, and it made Sherlock's head spin. Just existing and listening seemed to take up all his energy, and he would probably have fallen asleep hadn't Moriarty gently nudged him awake with an elbow to his ribs. He gasped.
“You are amazing, Sherlock Holmes.” he smiled softly, and brushed a strand of hair from Sherlock's face. “I can wait. Don't let something like that bother your brilliant mind.”
“Not your housekeeper.”
Mycroft paused at that, eyeing his brother carefully. He finally seemed to reach some sort of conclusion, licked his lips and said, “You will need to know that your friend-“ he said it with a contemptuous scowl in his tone, both of them knew Sherlock didn’t have any friends, “-Richard Brooks has amassed quite an impressive arsenal of weapons, spies, assassins and all sorts of low-life over the last decade.”
“I fondly remember Thomas Brooks, I really do. And I love all of this-” he gestured towards Sherlock and John, raising his eyebrows. “So much passion, so much feeling in everything you say. I can literally feel the emotions seeping into me. Last question.”
It had come together like the individual pieces of a puzzle – each fact, each detail suddenly made sense when he wasn’t blinded by his obsession with John anymore, by his personal feelings – he was starting to realise that Mary wasn’t working for Moriarty but – names asides – that the genius archenemy mastermind behind the tribulations of the last months – was none other than
“I, uh… I don’t know what to say,” he admitted lamely. Mycroft shot him a smile.
“...so? What did you come up with?”
Things quieted down on Baker Street.
John was taken aback. Either Mycroft was not up to date or – unlikely but more likely than that - he was trying to be decent. “I…We went out a few times. Nothing serious.”
, but my mind is so - “ Excessive gesturing.
“John. Forgive me.” He threw the gun away, but John still looked shaken. It landed on the floor a few feet from him, and its metallic noise rang through the silence between them. He tried again. “I didn't mean to...”
A moan, then two.
Sherlock continued to roam around the flat without any apparent purpose or aim in mind for another few minutes until finally, finally, he sat down in front of John and looked at his face for the first time.
When finally, John’s fingers started caressing Sherlock’s hair and face, Sherlock sagged. He let go of the breath he hadn’t even realised he’d been holding, staring at his hands.
“You’re welcome. I just thought…” Sherlock trailed off at the other end. For a while, he said nothing, as John contemplated the new information, turned and twisted it in his mind. Sherlock’s voice finally interrupted his voice.
A sarcastic smile, but when Sherlock didn't answer, Mycroft continued. “All I'm saying is that you may very well turn to me if you need advice or support of any kind.”
with you?”
“But wait-” Moriarty interrupted, as if a thought had just occurred to him. “Does that mean that John Watson's nightly advances and, how do I put it,
“Oh dear, you must have known I've been watching the whole time.” Sherlock's suddenly found it hard to get enough air into his lungs. His eyes hushed towards Moriarty's face.
“...Where is John?” Sherlock finally asked, his voice suddenly much quieter and less imperious than before. There are few words in the English language to describe emotions so carefully concealed and masked as in the Holmes brothers' faces, but Sherlock could sense the older Holmes felt uneasy.
“Well, at least you’re not bothering with lying. It has come to my attention you have made a new friend?”
Sherlock was still trembling when John finally closed the door behind him.
Surprisingly, Sherlock didn't cry. There was some moisture accumulating in his eyes, indeed. But he didn't cry.
When John finally came around, he found himself on his stomach and gasping in pain. He had been tied up, wrists behind his back and something in his mouth. In fact, it had been there for a long time. He cautiously rolled onto his side, realising it was Sherlock who was sitting next to him, face set and gun aimed at his face. The shivers were gone.
XOXO RB
The remains of human digits found in Sherlock and John's fireplace. This was great.
, he thought. He didn't know what to think about the other man, what to feel or how to react – the only thing he knew was that he
He bowed down and carefully put his arms under Sherlock's bent legs and his back. Sherlock was tall but surprisingly light, which wasn't really surprising considering how frequently he disregarded his body's most urgent demands. He was still very tall though, which John wasn't, and it took all of his strength to lift Sherlock up – and immediately put him down again, otherwise both of them would have fallen over. Sherlock startled awake immediately.
“What an amazing encounter this has been, once again, dear Sherlock. You never fail to entertain me. I love our chats, and I really am quite fond of you, d'you know that?”
Sherlock ground his teeth. “We’re driving North” he spat, his eyes turning to slits. ”Have been for about four hours now, which means we should be somewhere in the vicinity of Sheffield or Manchester. The tank is almost empty but we haven’t stopped, so we’ll probably arrive wherever you want us to go soon –You’re not armed, but that myrmidon of yours in the front seat is. I’m not asking where we’re going, I’m asking why. You used to make sense.”
as well?” He faked a shocked expression, his lips forming a perfect o, whilst Sherlock averted his eyes for the first time. Now both men were staring at him, Moriarty with Schadenfreude, John fuming with anger and – Sherlock wasn't sure – disgust.
“Sherlock,” John repeated, and the other man closed his eyes. It had always seemed to calm Sherlock down to hear John say his name, like a mantra. “You still don’t trust me.”
“I was shot.”
“Why would you want to know?”
“Well, you can't know anything for sure, can you?”
- "Love conquers all." (irony)
“Out. Bye.”
“I will not do anything. As long as Richard Brooks, or Moriarty, or whatever he likes to call himself, poses no threat to national security, I don’t see any need to intervene.”
“Give me a moment, will you, Sherlock?” she replied, smiling whilst saying it. John might actually be glad for an opportunity to escape the hypochondriac who had bothered him for the third time this week.
John still looked dumbfounded. A defensiveness crept into his demeanour as realisation dawned on him, but he said nothing. “If that is even your name. John Watson?”
John sighed again. With a glance at Sherlock he put his phone aside and got up. For a while he kept looming over his sleeping flatmate, and carefully studied the way Sherlock's rib cage rose with every breath, the way his eyes flickered rapidly under their lids, the way his lips parted just the tiniest bit. For a moment he felt compelled to just bow down and kiss these lips, just a gentle and innocent kiss- he dismissed the thought. He just had to be patient.
Hello everyone! Believe it or not, I am actually alive and reasonably well! I hope you're all doing okay with the current situation, and you and your loved ones are well!
“Short-sighted nurse with a prior career in linguistics and/ or communication studies, obviously too vain to wear glasses although your eyes do not react well to contact lenses, clever and well educated and... obviously” He paused. “John's.. date?”
“Well good morning, Sherlock! Lovely to see you.” Moriarty greeted him in a delighted sing-song of a voice, without even turning his head towards the detective. “Some tea would be lovely, by the way. Johnny-boy?”
Hello everyone, it's been decades but I am back. I wasn't aware people were still reading this, so coming back to all your comments and lovely replies was really, really amazing. Have a new chapter. It will be painful, but that is just who I am.
“I'm sorry.” Sherlock repeated, as John laid a hand on his wrist and pushed him backwards until the back of his legs hit his bed. John still didn't say anything, but Sherlock began to grow uneasy. John laid the other hand on his shoulder and applied the tiniest bit of pressure, guiding Sherlock into a sitting position on his bed. His hand stayed on Sherlock's shoulder. As Sherlock looked up at John with a questioning look on his face, John motioned for him to be quiet, and then it all happened too fast.
“Okay. Why am I an idiot?”
am.” he exclaimed in an overly dramatic voice, his face contorting as if he might faint. And they said Sherlock was a drama queen. The two girls giggled, but finally went their way.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow and gave him the first and final genuine smile of their conversation. “I know you do, Dr Watson.”
John’s eyes fell shut. He had almost forgotten how soft Sherlock’s lips were, how cautious his tongue, how gentle the hands at his neck. He all but moaned into the kiss, another groan following when he noticed Sherlock’s other hand moving towards his groin.
John’s head shot up, eyes wide with worry. He waited for Sherlock to say something, but Sherlock just shook his head. The look of worry on John’s face intensified, and he quickly got up to pull Sherlock into his arms. “Sherlock, you’re shaking", he mumbled, his voice thin.
“We're not-” John burst out before he could think about it, but he caught himself mid-sentence. He really ought to get over this eventually. They were not a couple - not
Doubts, and surprisingly a plethora of other, no less unpleasant emotions, came at night. During the day Sherlock usually managed to busy himself with his laptop and his inquiries, and another case Lestrade had given him, although that one wasn't too exciting in the first place. Mrs Hudson checked on him from time to time, brought tea and biscuits (not your housekeeper, but your friend) and talked to him about lovers' quarrels and whatever, he barely listened to her. Molly came by once, to check on the exit wound on his back, a rather painful and awkward scene he didn't wish to repeat. She had sat with him and talked a bit about her work, and some promising new cases, anything that wasn't in any way related to John Watson.
“Sherlock, listen to me.”
“We never talked about it, you know? What you said to me when Moriarty came here.”
A moment of silence, whilst John's eyes searched Sherlock's, ineffectively so - The other man kept his eyes fixated on the screen in front of him. Finally John sighed, brushing his fingers through Sherlock's hair in what he hoped was a soothing gesture. It didn't seem to have any effect though.
Sherlock gave him a long look, and for a while it seemed as if he wouldn't answer. “Nothing”, he finally said. It was at that moment that John exploded.
P.S. Next chapter will be long and full of issues and confrontation... ;)
“Then why are you so... averse to the idea? I mean, I know I'm not the best-looking but -”
“Why aren't you? Either way: John Watson is absolutely obsessed with you, to the point where he'd manipulate you and conceptualise a whole world just for your sake – or you had the most devoted, loving flatmate in the history of mankind and I fucked the two of you p just the tiniest bit. It's a win-win.”
Sherlock paused. They were lying on his bed, John curled up against Sherlock whilst Sherlock's fingers were steadily bashing onto the keyboard of his laptop like rain onto the ground.
“But you still believe I’m… I’m – involved - with Moriarty?” John got up at that, rage making him seem taller and more imperious than usual. He got so into being John Watson that actual rage flooded his veins, and for a moment be considered whether this constant farce would seriously threaten this sanity. It didn’t matter.
Sunday afternoon.
Thank you all so much for your Kudos, it's really encouraging for me and means a lot (espacially since this is my first ff). Also, heavy Trigger Warning for this chapter. Don't read if any of the trigger warnings above apply to you.
Both of them knew it was a lie.
“...” Sherlock still stared. There was something he needed to know, but he just didn't have it in him to ask. John's wrists were still bound, the skin under them red and sore. He had struggled. Was this Moriarty playing a perverse version of overprotective avenger, or...-
John was, for once, speechless. Mycroft straightened the cuffs of his suit and his tie, until he finally looked up again. “Nonetheless, I did not bring you here to discuss such matters. I must ask you, as much in my brother’s interest as my own; what is your relationship with Mary Morstan?”
Sherlock’s mind was racing. He gave John a hesitant nod, bracing himself for the storm he knew was coming – John could be so, so stubborn, so stupid – but what was worse than that; he could see in John’s face that John
“He… John, I need you to understand I am not the most sociable or… I am not an extraordinarily affable person.”
“And I don’t like to share.” He emptied his cup. Sherlock had not even touched his, and just kept staring into nothing. After a while, Jim took his cup, too, and emptied it with a few greedy gulps.
“Why would either Moriarty or Richard Brooks care about my private life?” Sherlock interrupted, sounding more upset than he had intended to show. None of his made any sense. Moriarty was not the kind of person to take out people for a friendly chat and advice on matters of the heart. He was definitely enjoying every moment of this – whatever sick game it was.
” he began, but he lost himself within the sentence. To Sherlock and everyone else, he looked just as confused, and hurt, as he looked angry, “You’re telling me that the one time I meet a
“The people you've had sex with before.”
“Well, you for certain don't, because you're worried sick about your baby brother.”
Sometimes, for a minute or so, when he sat in his chair and watched Sherlock doing whatever it was that Sherlock did, he felt an emotion akin to sadness creeping into his mind. He contemplated that mixture of melancholia, sadness and pity for a while. It didn’t ever amount to much. He loved Sherlock, he had to have him.
“Please, John. Look at it, it’s all
“Oh Sherlock, don't you want to talk about
Second, in said locker they found the victim's missing fingers and toes, all 13 of them, and a photo of Sherlock and John chasing after the murder victim whom said digits had belonged to. Again, it was too obvious, like someone stupid tried to frame them for the murder. But there were more absurd links that finally linked the case back to Sherlock an John and, more importantly, Moriarty. He was playing one of his sick, twisted games again. John had finally just assigned himself to following Sherlock wherever the madman ran off to next.
“I beg your pardon, Dr Watson,” Mycroft announced when John finally left the vehicle, stepping into an adequately ominous, abandoned warehouse – at least, that was what he thought it was. “I had assumed you were rather accustomed to unusual occurrences, seeing that you live with my brother.”
“Not interested, I fear. In any of these options.”
100 Kudos, thank you so, so much!!! I'm really glad you guys seem to enjoy my story, especially since it is the first one I actually ever published. And thank you for your ongoing support! ❤️
” – that had not been meant to come out as high pitched as it did, “that Mary is working with Moriarty?”
” – that one had hurt Sherlock, but John pressed on, “
“Good night, Sherlock.”
“But please, believe me, Sherlock. You may be an arrogant asshole from time to time, but you are the most important person in the world to me.”
Sherlock didn't reply, but his cheeks turned a shade of pink. He'd never been looked at with such a sentimental expression, such gentle and ..loving eyes. Some part of him wanted John closer, another, more imperious part wanted him gone. He'd have to get over this soon.
“...oh.”
Silence, and a searing, glowing fire in his chest. Somewhat dulled, so he had been administered something for the pain. It barely took the edge off it, but someone had tended to his injuries nonetheless. The stingy, nauseating smell of antiseptics and disinfectants interspersed the air, silent beeping of machines that were probably measuring his vitals interrupted the silence. A hospital, then. Breathing, not his own.
“I've been thinking about it, John.”
“...Yes.” he finally said, his voice oddly detached.
His eyes narrowed as his eyes adjusted to the light in the room, and he took in the figure of a tall man in a suit, hunched over and fiddling about something in his hands.
“Do you love her, John?” he suddenly asked, his voice soberer than John had expected. John gave him a perplexed stare in return.
“As if you'd care.”
“Mary? Mary, I need to speak to John. Now.”
John said nothing for a while, turning the thought over in his mind. “... Are you absolutely certain about this?”, he finally asked, and on his face was a far more stern look than Sherlock had anticipated. Also, not in the slightest bit delighted. He could nearly see the wheels working behind John's forehead, the doctor's foreboding of anxiety, and adrenaline, and danger that came with the unholy name of Sherlock's nemesis. Finally, he cleared his throat.
Sherlock had a lot of thoughts he did not want to have.
“...If Moriarty sent you..” he began, carefully pronouncing each syllable; probably PTSD or some other sort of psychological trauma, experienced in fighting close-range, left-handed, used to work as a medic - “..John?”
“You...You must be Sherlock, John's flatmate?” She greeted him, offering a hand Sherlock had no intention of taking.
Could you talk to me? SH
For just a second John seemed to hesitate. Then he continued his way up the stairs towards his room, and for once Sherlock was glad neither of them could see the other’s face.
When John removed his fingers and Sherlock felt the mattress shift from John positioning himself, a final rush of adrenaline made him lunge forward in a last, desperate attempt to get away. He wanted out. He wanted out of this nightmare, wherein his John - A pained cry came from his lips as John got hold of his waist, and shoved him back onto his stomach. He felt his flatmate's weight settle on himself, he felt John's hand grabbing Sherlock's wrist whilst the other one removed the final layer of clothes from Sherlock, leaving him bare. Not a single word.
He had always thought breaking someone's heart was a metaphor. You couldn't literally break someone's heart, Sherlock thought as he sat on the couch watching telly with John without actually seeing any of it. It was incredible how much it actually – literally – hurt in his chest. He had no right to be angry, or mad at John. John was free to do whatever (or whomever) he liked, he owed Sherlock no single thing. Not a nice word, not a gesture or a kiss, nothing of all the things John had ever done for him. Sherlock didn't deserve a man like John Watson anyway, maybe John had finally come to realise that. Maybe John had decided to move on. Sherlock shouldn't be surprised, really. Not after all the things he'd said. It broke his heart either way.
He didn't finish the question, but Sherlock's mind was elsewhere. “Not the point. He probably has someone at your workplace. Point is, he's telling me what he's after. Or whom.” He frowned, making a vague hand gesture towards John. “He's after you, obviously.”
Half an hour later they both sat in the living room, a fire burning in the fireplace and the telly running without anyone taking conscious note of it. They had ordered Chinese food, it was warm and comfortable, and they were mocking each other. Sherlock complained elaborately about the simplicity of the case, uttering a dramatic, agonised groan.
“DON’T you dare-“ John snapped back, biting his tongue. Sherlock had actually flinched, and it gave John a too pleasant twitch that he chose to ignore, too. “Don’t you dare to joke about this-“ The pitch was back in his voice, as if he was being choked up. Metaphorically speaking, he was – the anger was back, pooling in his gut and rising up his throat, daring him to scream and spill out all those secrets and accusations and the truth and
Note: I shall emphasise, again, that I do not condone either abusive behaviours or relationships nor rape. None of this is meant to glorify any of these things. Rape is amongst the most awful things that can happen to a person, it is never deserved, it is always a trauma, and if any of you is thinking Sherlock is dealing with this way too well and it isn't much of an issue to him: let me assure you that it IS. Coping mechanisms vary from person to person, but he IS traumatised. This will come up in the following chapters, for now I guess Sherlock still believes he's coping. This is tagged as dark for a reason...
“I'm honoured.”
“About you being a rapist. Having deceived me during all of this... .”
“Indeed”, Sherlock said, eyes still locked with John's.
All the fake cheerfulness had drained from Sherlock's voice as fast as it had been conjured, it had, in fact, turned to ice. John suppressed a shiver, but finally got up and slowly moved towards the chair. Moriarty seemed to be absolutely delighted, and clasped his hands in excitement as he watched John taking seat in the chair and Sherlock sitting down in John's chair, both without ever breaking eye contact. “Ooooh, this will be amaaazing”, Moriarty cooed, but neither of the other men so much as looked at him.
Something unusual happened, unexpected even – John blushed. For the moment, all discourse he could manage was a slow “…oh.”
It was one of their more intense kisses, growing more demanding and at one point John leaned forward and pulled Sherlock closer to him, his arms wrapped around Sherlock's waist and his shoulders. He felt Sherlock smile into the kiss.
“You can't know that”, Sherlock said.
“Please, John. I understand you're angry, but can we-”
. It had always been her.
“Moriarty is talking to me. The letter we received, the one with the dead man's fingerprints... it also had yours all over it.”
“Good night, John.”
When Sherlock finally entered 221B Baker Street about two hours later, the sun had long gone down and the streets were only illuminated by the street lights and a few cars driving by. Sherlock stood in the entrance for quite a while – it must have been minutes – he just stared into nothingness and touched his lips in thought. This had been one of the most awkward and irritating evenings of his life, and he had had many of those – but he had no idea what to make of this encounter. Moriarty had finally suggested taking Sherlock home, had actually done that, arms again locked with Sherlock's – Sherlock hadn't been certain if he should push the arm away or if that'd break whatever act Moriarty was staging here. He had accompanied him to the steps of 221B, but politely remained standing in front of the house, saying that “A gentleman ought to wait until the third Rendez-Vous” (before doing what exactly he didn't specify). He had quickly kissed Sherlock nonetheless, an innocent and quick kiss, but it had left Sherlock dumbfounded anyway. With a smirk that would have been charming to anyone who wasn't familiar with him, Moriarty excused himself and made his way down Baker Street.
“Sherlock, you've been gone for three days, I couldn't even-”
For a moment, he only heard heavy breathing on the other end of the line, until the person cleared their throat and croaked John’s name. Sherlock.
“I know.” No reasoning, no explanation. Just Sherlock’s hands, which slowly went to John’s throat.
“C'mooon, Sherlock. I had expected to find you a bit more thrilled, after all, this was a veeery special night for you and Johnny-boy.”
“Is that why you came by? To taunt me?”
John still did not move a muscle. Sherlock seemed to get irritated, as if he had hoped for a different reaction, but he dared not take his eyes off the man in front of him.
Sherlock bridged the few inches between their faces, drawing his face closer to John's until their noses poked into each other's cheeks. He could feel John take in a surprised breath, felt the air against his lips, and he felt how much his own lips trembled. Their bodies were pressed up close, and like in a trance he brought up one hand to cup the side of John's head. Finally, finally, John leaned forward and put his lips on Sherlock's.
Thank God she was not most people.
“Were they.”
Finally, John sighed, turned around, and went to prepare some tea.
“This is fine.” Sherlock’s voice was sharp, sharp enough to make John shut up. Sherlock, on the other end, seemed to notice, too, and repeated “It’s fine” in a much softer voice. “There’s something you ought to know.”
He was.
“And what kind of statement would that be.” John seemed rather on edge, as if he was about to burst into shouts any moment. Sherlock carefully checked his surroundings before looking back at John.
Please just talk.
“John, please sit.”
“Over the last days, I've been making calls and called in some favours, tried to validate all information I had on you. Hell, I even approached my insufferable brother.”
it, it was right
“Because I need you to trust me if I’m about to do this.”
“No, it's okay. I'm fine”, he said. “Just... excited.”
“I fear I can't deny who I
“Of course there is.”
“Damsel in distress”, Moriarty said, just as he unlocked the safety. Within seconds he was pointing his gun at John's head, before Sherlock could move or John could even turn his head.
“Because you're my weakness, John. He wants to use you to get to me. My hamartia after all is... falling for you.”
Sherlock was silent at that, because he knew John was right.
“Sherlock, Sherlock, shhh. These women weren't you. You are special, so much more special than any of them.” John's face contorted in a grimace of concern, whilst Sherlock's eyes flickered down, avoiding John's.
Something was up with Sherlock. Over the last couple days he had honoured Baker Street with his absence, diving through London and the tube in a pattern that didn't make any sense to John at all. Not that Sherlock ever told John where he was going, or why, but Moriarty was too fond of Sherlock to let him roam the streets unattended. Which meant John was all too aware of the detective's ways.
John gave him an impatient look, but Sherlock didn't have the guts to answer. What should he say anyway? Why weren't you at the hospital? I thought you liked me? After all he had done? Have you moved on so quickly?
In the end, they ended up in a small café Sherlock hadn't ever noticed before. They had some tea, some biscuits (and Moriarty some cake, although he only ate about half of it, noting that he “had to look slim in front of the camera”) and polite conversations about nothing in particular. The whole situation was weird, and Sherlock couldn't shake the feeling of being watched. Was this what a date was like? Should he care? Was this, and this added a third layer to the situation, Thomas Brooks trying to play him? Or make advances?
, but you have to believe me – Mary isn’t even her real name!”
“I don’t care.”
“What the hell are you talking about?”
“He's back.” Sherlock almost giggled. John's face fell. “Don't tell me...” he began, but Sherlock interrupted him again.
He nearly dropped it as he fetched it, and he cursed. His all too noisy and overprotective brother had taken care of whatever drugs the nurses administered for the pain- not enough to effectively extinguish the fire ravishing his insides, but enough to let him sleep. He wished Mycroft would just mind his own business for once in his life, then he could get the morphine he needed – every other patient would have got some in his place – and had spent the next few days in a blissful haze of ignorance. Instead, he was too tired to move or do anything productive, but his mind was going berserk.
“I am aware of that.”
“- Don’t call them that - “
Another abduction, another car with tinted windows, another of Mycroft’s lackeys who was as communicative as the stone that her smile was made of.
you against me, to make me suspicious of YOU - I know she is convincing, John, she’s
“I'm fine, John.”
it just in order to stay alive. It seeps through our system so sweetly that we cannot bear to live without it have we once experienced it. People die for it, just to get their fix."
“What?”
Sherlock's face was set and he leaned back in his chair, eyes never leaving John.
“Oooooooooh. I think I know what's going on”, Moriarty chanted, his face contorted with glee. “Damsel in distress.”
It was absurd. They were standing at the kitchen table, which was scattered with probes and presumably human remains, and here he was, his flatmate's lips on his. He didn't respond for a second, was merely amazed and mesmerized and – irritated at the same time, but finally he gave in and leaned even closer, shyly drawing his tongue over John's lower lip. John made a low, guttural sound in the back of his throat, a moan that made Sherlock's skin crawl. He felt endorphins and noradrenaline entering his bloodstream – not per sé, but he felt an intense wave of emotion wave over him that finally made him break the kiss with a sob. John's eyes immediately shot open, concern creeping into his face -
– Fake name, fake identity, you must be curious about who she really is-“
“You don’t even know my name.”
Sherlock was back, looking slightly dishevelled but otherwise well, three days later. At least John could see that was what Sherlock would like to have looked like. The doctor had only noticed Sherlock after a while, since the detective sat in his chair, so rigid and immovable he might as well have been another piece of furniture. John had dropped a cup.
Sherlock's eyes shot up, and he felt his muscles tense.
“I want to sleep with you.”
“I don't have definite proof yet, hence my nightly excursions. But every hint I find – which couldn't have been manipulated by you, those are scarce but I came across
Molly got up and prepared to leave as the door opened. Mrs Hudson's head peaked inside the living room, her face lighting up as she spotted Molly.
“No, no no no, this is what it should have looked like in case someone got to her - but it was all part of her plan - “
“So you and John finally engaged in intercourse. I thought I’d never see the day.”
Sherlock was many things, but a passable actor was not one of them. He tried to hide his animosity towards Mary, he really did, but then again, he had never been good at hiding his emotions. John and Mary shot each other knowing glances, and continued being the sweetest and loveliest couple the world had ever seen.
“I already told you that I do.”
“It would." Sherlock answered, eyes still locked with Moriarty's. "Except for the case that you suspected I was slowly figuring everything out. Then it would be more of a statement.”
Stay safe, everyone! XOXO
“The accused usually takes this chair”, he announced. John gave him an irritated look as Sherlock gestured towards the chair. Sherlock was way too calm about all of this. It took a moment for the penny to drop.
JM: We have company tonight. XOXO.
“Yes,” Molly answered. Before she could continue, Mrs Hudson had already gently taken her by the arm and was ushering her towards the stairs. “I have just prepared afternoon tea, if you don't mind I'd love you to sit with me. My god, I haven't seen you in ages! And an old lady like me gets lonely from time to time, you know?”
John slowly raised his hands as he gave Sherlock a wide-eyed look. Sherlock stared blankly, thoughts racing behind his eyes. Something wasn't right. Why was Moriarty still putting up this act if Sherlock had already figured it out-?
"Love is the most delicate, addictive and dangerous drug out there. We crave it, we
“Why are we walking like that?” Sherlock asked as he and Moriarty were casually strolling through the streets of Westminster, Moriarty's arm locked with Sherlock's. The air was cold, brisk and the sun had begun to set.
John Watson felt like the mightiest man in the world. Sherlock’s confession had been an unexpected delight, something that fuelled his fantasies and somehow, in a way he didn’t completely understand, made him desire Sherlock even more. He wanted to possess that man, bend him like a doll. Sherlock was already a broken man, had been before he had known John Watson. John just took pleasure in toying with the pieces.
For a moment, John had the stupidest expression on his face. Then he carefully eyed Sherlock up and down, who was still motioning for John to sit on the chair next to him.
For a moment, John paused. Then, Sherlock was on his stomach. John's hands were busy, one holding Sherlock down by his back, the other one probing at Sherlock's ass now, his fingers demanding and in no way as gentle and kind as Sherlock had expected. Yes, he had thought about this, fantasised sometimes.. but not like
Sherlock slowly blinked, his eyes irritated by the blending, way too bright hospital lights. He was indeed lying in a hospital bed, he was dressed in a gown and – there was someone sitting next to his bed. For a second his heart stopped,
“John.” Sherlock finally said as he had ended and spotted John sitting in the armchair. A slight shade of red crept onto the pale man's face, and he ushered to put his violin away.
you? You really think I only got involved with you because I wanted to
John sighed and cast a look at the tall figure splashed out in front of him. Enthralled indeed. Sherlock hadn't slept in the four days this case had occupied him, and he would surely not wake until he'd had a good 15 or 16 hour of sleep.
“You're having way too much fun.”
Silence.
“MARY! It’s her! Don’t you see it? The letter we got coincides with her starting work at the same hospital as you – she was transferred only days before, and she specifically asked to be transferred to
“So am I. But oh well, I might as well tell you as much as I know. Not that I've ever been particularly interested in
John didn’t come visit him that night, and Sherlock – irritatingly - felt both relieved and crushed.
“There are certain… elements of doubt.”
“I think I… I need some time to process all this,” he said, turning around. He started walking towards the stairs slowly, as if in trance.
Kisses, JM
“Come to bed, John.” and, after a barely noticeable hesitation, “Please?”
“No, it's got nothing to do with you, John.”
Sherlock still sat in John’s chair when the front door fell shut. He still sat there when John finally came home, and was completely ignored be Sherlock. After a few, entirely futile attempts at conversing, John finally shrugged, pressed a chaste kiss onto Sherlock’s hair and went into the kitchen to prepare some dinner for the two of them. Wednesdays were odd.
Warning: sexual content in this chapter. Might be non-/dub-con, but not as graphic or advanced as in the following chapters. Just be warned, okay? Sherlock is not exactly acting on his own will in this one.
It wasn't as if Sherlock had expected any kind of help from Moriarty anyways. This was either an ingenious consulting criminal or a stunning actor (who wasn't dumb either).
“Just... a bit startled.” He kissed John again, cautiously still, but with more eagerness, which John happily returned.
“Victor was.”
“If he actually managed to manipulate any of the information present on him, I will find out. Nonetheless, let me assure you... the capacities required for such actions are far beyond those of the John Watson I am acquainted with.” Another pause. Mycroft opened the door, still lost in contemplation. John Watson had done his brother so much good, had probably saved him from an abyss of drugs and madness that Mycroft didn't even want to remember. “The John Watson I know,” he finally continued, so quietly Sherlock was barely able to understand it, “is a good man.”
“I'll just... uhm. I'll order some takeaway?” John suggested with a sheepish smile on his face, and Sherlock backed off, mumbling something John couldn't understand.
John ignored the older Holmes’ remark, and instead eyed him with suspicion plastered over his features. “Let me guess, this is about Sherlock?”
Sherlock was silent, for a while. A muscle in his cheek was twitching as he seemed to wreck his brain for an answer that would be satisfactory to John. John's obvious erection pressing into his thigh didn't make things any easier.
Sherlock was staring at nothing, hands folded in front of his face and thoughts spinning. Indeed, he was thinking about John, about John's soft lips and gentle caresses, and somehow his mind refused to compute. He ought to have been insanely happy, but instead his mind kept bogging him. Emotions and feelings always were complicated and intricate – not to mention stupid and insignificant – factors that were only an inconvenience to his deductive skills. Nonetheless, the fact that he had fallen for John was an undeniable, slightly uncomfortable insight he had to come to terms with. How were they going to go on after... this?
“I'm serious.”
hospital and that –
John’s enthusiasm fell from him like the smile fell from his face. This time, it didn’t require any acting at all. “Sherlock! Sherlock, listen to me. Are you saying that
“And what did you find?” John spat out between gritted teeth.
“Ohh, this is even better than I had imagined it.” he smiled, taking a sip of his tea.
“They were pointing at your room. That's too obvious, even for John Watson or Thomas Brooks.”
“You are.”
“...I have.” Sherlock grunted back, his voice as strained as John had ever heard it. He clearly had no wish to discuss the topic further, and was looking everywhere but at John, who still gave him questioning looks.
John's eyes grew bigger, but he still didn't respond.
“LOOK.” Sherlock interrupted him, obviously surprising himself with the volume and sternness of his voice. He hemmed, lowering his voice. “Look, John. I'd rather we don't discuss this in any detail. If we make this any more dramatic we're playing right into Moriarty's hands.”
“Let us take a walk.”
Mycroft shut his mouth. It was clear he felt uncomfortable in his skin, but it was just as clear that something was off. This was obviously not a 'normal' fight between friends, roommates or lovers, or whatever John Watson and his brother had become.
“I am glad to see you are at least as uncomfortable discussing such matters as I am, Dr Watson.”
He ought not to have bothered to have brought the gun with him, and he needn't have paused and readied himself in front of John's door before he slammed it open. John wasn't even conscious.
Sherlock gave him a quivering smile, but he still looked uncertain. It was weird to see him like that, so open and vulnerable. John loved every minute of it. He pressed a chaste kiss to Sherlock's forehead, and the detective sighed nearly inaudibly.
It is John who stands in front of him, hands raised and face unreadable. Sherlock immediately lowered the gun, horror flooding his face. He had threatened John with his own gun, had had his finger on the trigger and the safety unlocked...and all that because he was so paranoid about Moriarty's next move. He had been so certain an immediate attack in their own home was the next step. It had to be, it had to be today, and it had to be here. But not like this.
For a second, John was truly taken aback, not because he didn’t get what Mycroft was alluding to but due to the fact that Mycroft Holmes found such an abstract, ridiculous way to paraphrase ‘fuck’.
Sherlock's eyes flashed towards him, eyeing the doctor for the first time. Sunken shoulders, avoiding eye contact. Has not been sleeping properly for a few days, also not properly taken care of himself, armed, apparently insecure about how to proceed due to prior encounter-
“Well, I live here.”
When Sherlock had finally regained enough strength and control over his legs that he could stand up, he hobbled towards the stairs that led to John's room, but couldn't make up his mind. Some part of him wanted John gone, just gone, gone from here and from him, and yet. It was
Once again, glassy eyes fixed on John’s. The defiance crept back into Sherlock’s demeanour, into the way he bent his neck and the corners of his mouth twitched.
It took Sherlock quite a while to finally speak. "It's not like... I do want to give you...
thank you so, so, so much for your comments and all the feedback I've been getting! It means so much to me, and inspires me to come back to this story again and again, even though Season 4 almost scared me off of Sherlock... almost.
“What?” John said from the kitchen where he set about to cook them some dinner. Take out was fine for a while, but once in a while he craved some real food. “You'll have to speak louder, Sherlock!”
“Do you believe it, Sherlock?”, John repeated, and this time, Sherlock didn’t dare make a sneaky remark. “You really believe I could – do - have done this?” John’s voice hitched at the last part, but Sherlock didn’t respond. Silence ensued. When he finally looked at John, his jaw was tight, and he shook his head.
John seemed not to understand for a second, but then a relieved laugh escaped from his lips. “Don't make me panic like that,” he said, still grinning, and he gave Sherlock the most reassuring smile he could manage. “I don't mind, I don't mind at all. I just want to be close to you, you understand that?”
Sherlock felt the impact of the bullet before he felt the pain, but when it came, he came undone. He heard John shouting without comprehending any of it, he saw the shapes blurring into smudges in front of his eyes as he fell. Darkness engulfed him, and he embraced it, thankful for once.
Sherlock was plucking away at his violin, his eyes closed and a look of concentration engrained in his features. He was so beautiful, John thought to himself. So beautiful, and yet, so lonely.
“We're close right now.” Sherlock pouted like a child, but the way he still averted his eyes made it plainly clear he got the message. John's erection seemed to make him uncomfortable, but if John noticed, it didn't show.
...Also, another chapter. I can barely believe it. I'm gonna be honest with you, the finale of S4 (and the whole season really) had really crushed most of my enthusiasm for this show. I remember getting so into 'Sherlock' and its characters, and they really helped me get through some stuff (and it just meant a lot to me to see those two idiots in love, despite what I write here) - and then S4 came along and my tiny little queer heart got completely shattered because apparently, representation means nothing. I cannot concisely summarise my anger and how much it actually hurt to see my favourite characters go like this. I hope you understand.
“So you're calling yourself Richard Brooks now?” Sherlock asked, eyeing a pair of young girls that eyed them back just as suspiciously. Moriarty tightened the embrace of their arms.
John, who had been drowsing off next to Sherlock, was suddenly wide awake.
“Why yes, of course I knew”, said Sherlock cheerfully, still gesturing towards the chair. “The fingers in our fireplace were blatantly obvious, weren't they?” Moriarty gave an excited laugh, but John ignored him.
“Moriarty. Moriarty is back.”
Sherlock didn't answer, but stared straight ahead.
Sherlock didn't seem to settle into any routine, or get even remotely accustomed to the intrusion. His whimpers just got shriller instead, and more frequent, and as John finally felt his climax approaching and quickened up his pace, Sherlock was screaming into the cushion his face was buried in. Another. Another. Another. Another-
When Sherlock managed to pull himself together a while later, he finally ascended the stairs. He didn't expect to find anyone back in their flat, after all John had been gone for quite a while. Who knew if he'd come back eventually – Sherlock quickly willed the thought away. He needn't even have done that, because before he had even opened the door towards their flat, he heard a noise from inside. His heart jumped for a second – was that John? Maybe John had calmed down and decided to come back? Maybe there was something between them that neither of them could get over without – The door opened. A blonde woman, smaller than him, her face full of laughter. It turned into a look of surprise as she saw Sherlock, eyeing him up and down. Making deductions, he realised.
“Where are you going?”
“What do you know about John Watson?”
“John, please-“
Mycroft waited for another minute, but Sherlock stayed silent. The older Holmes sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose as if he was about to experience a migraine. He probably was. He certainly hadn't slept or properly taken care of himself in-
“You know, even though I am with Mary now-“ just the mention of her name seemed to pain Sherlock, judging by the way his eyelids fluttered, “I still care about you a great deal, Sherlock. I need you to know that.”
“I am also not very affectionate.”
But now that the individual pieces of the puzzle finally fit, he stared into John’s eyes and found he couldn’t tell him. It would break him.
have been
Sherlock steeled himself at that, his jaw stiff. He took a deep breath, determination seeping into his features. He
He closed his eyes. He opened them again and got up. He paced through the living room for a while. He stared at the skull on his fireplace with a blank expression. Moriarty loved every second of it.
“Are you on drugs?”
John really didn’t know what he enjoyed more. Mary, Mary was clever, full of wit and deceit, and although he had in a way hired her – had known her for years, yes, she worked for him after all – being with her really was enjoyable. There were few people who he felt were able to follow his schemes, and fewer even he could talk to about such plans. Mary was intelligent, she was beautiful, and she was cunningly evil. There was little more he could want - they fucked with a sense of urgency but without any of the fuss other women made about sex, it was amazing, and it was meaningless.
“Yes, Sherlock. I think you may have to explain, after all, John Watson is quite a simple man.” Moriarty snickered.
Only a low groan left his body, although it must hurt, hurt immensely. John had never had anyone so tight, and it was on the verge of painful, he could barely imagine what it must feel like for Sherlock. Another grunt as he pushed as far forward as he could. Sherlock's body was violently shaking by now, but he didn't fight John anymore. Well, his taunt arse fought John's cock, but at least Sherlock's body had gone pliant. What an unusual sight.
He bowed down, drinking in the sight of the man lying in front of him, trembling with anger and fear but yet, all hail Diazepam and Mivacron, unable to move much. It was too beautiful to be true. Truly, truly beautiful. He had to take a picture. His phone would do.
“I'm hurt.”
He turned towards the door, but stopped with the doorknob in his hand. It was beyond him whatever incident had happened between Sherlock and John, but his brother's latest request had seriously upset him. If the doubts between the two of them were that severe, whatever incident must have occurred had been quite... intense.
“Did he...?” He never finished the questions. John's open wrists and the way he held himself told him more than he wanted to know. His head sank, letting go of the cold, heavy metal in his hands. It landed on the floor with a dumb thud.
“We’re just working together. She’s a nurse, you know? And I thought she’s only recently started this new job, and she’s new to the whole clinic and not from here and…” he realised he was babbling midsentence, and forced himself to shut up. “I just wanted to get to know her.”
“And you are?”
John.
, maybe -
I apologise it took me this long to write this chapter, but it is quite an important one - Act I is finally coming to an end, and I want to do it properly. So enjoy this -quite long, I think my longest chapter yet? - new chapter!!! Also, thank you so much for your ongoing support and encouraging comments... I wouldn't still be writing this if it wasn't for you guys!!! Thanks a thousand!! <3
- "I moved the stars themselves to write a lovenote in the sky."  (Futurama tbh)
After a while, John had settled into a rhythm of sorts, although he had to concentrate every fibre of his being into not giving in and just plunging into Sherlock and coming undone at the spot. Another. Another.
John gaped at him at that. For the first time, something close to embarrassment seeped into Sherlock’s eyes, and he licked his lips. For just a second, he seemed to consider his words.
“Maybe I just enjoy presenting myself as an ambiguous figure? I'm an actor after all, it does give me an air of mysticism, don't you think? Makes me more fascinating, like a puzzle you just cannot solve.”
This is it, I either update this story once a week or once every century... have fun ;)
“Go awaaay.”
“I... I am the suspect today? What am I accused of?”
“A cup of tea would be much appreciated, Sherlock.”
“Hum.”
After a long silence with no indication of any reaction from Sherlock, John continued his lips' gentle ministrations, musing as much to Sherlock as to himself.
“Sherlock, you – stop. Sherlock. Listen to me.”
The trembling of his fingers worsened as he slowly lowered the weapon.
“All over it. Too blatant to be an attempt at framing you, but anonymously offering us hints to the finger murders - “
“...you've had sex before, haven't you?” John's eyes were still heavy with sleep as he whispered into Sherlock's neck; the sun had barely risen and gently threw its first pale streaks of light into John's room. He could feel Sherlock go stiff under his fingers, and for a while Sherlock said nothing.
“Why don’t you have him incarcerated then?”
“Hrrmh..? 'bout what.”
– points at it. Thomas Brooks' background, the whole irony of it, the news coverage, the murders that were clearly staged. Even the fingers in our fireplace, the
Sherlock still looked weary, but the frown on his face ever so slightly dissolved. He still seemed unnerved, although John couldn't really discern why. “You alright, Sherlock?” He took Sherlock by the arms, concern on his face. Sherlock nodded quickly.
“Watching what.”
, 2008, died the same day. The point is this woman is not who you think she is.”
“Well if I start to doubt John Watson, the only obvious and immediate option would be to put John Watson in danger.”
A hint of defiance crept into Sherlock’s eyes as John broke the kiss. John cautiously took Sherlock’s face in both of his hands. He seemed intent to go through with this - there was tension in his body, a rigid uneasiness that was so subtle anyone but John would have missed it.
John paused and then put both his hands on the other man's head, his eyes locking with Sherlock's. “I won't do anything you don't want, okay? I can wait.”
With that, Sherlock was gone. Molly still stared at the door he had slammed shut behind him, wondering how he could move like that with a gunshot wound only a few days old. She also wondered many other things about Sherlock, but she would most likely never get an answer to those questions anyway. Sherlock truly was a miracle, with all its good and bad implications. She didn't expect any empathy or politeness on his side anyway, not anymore, but even for his standards, he was acting strangely.
“Would you prefer I hold your hand instead?” Moriarty smirked.
“It's like he leaves a trail of breadcrumbs,” Sherlock murmured more to himself than to John. He had settled down in his chair, hands folded and mind racing again, eyes wide but seeing nothing.
“Impressive,” she said, giving him a wide smile. “I'm Mary, pleasure to meet you.” When he still made no move to grab her hand, she finally stuck it in the pocket of her coat. John peeked around the corner, eyeing both of them.
anyway.” He gave Sherlock a suggestive wink, and they crossed the street, Regent's Park coming into view. “Soldier with military training and close combat experience, medical training and on active duty in Afghanistan. Boring. Wounded on duty and honourably discharged due to obtained injury, which has, I presume, turned psychological. A dab of PTSD...booooring. Drinking sister and difficult relationship with his parents, which has turned him into a good Samaritan. Boooooooooooring. Absolutely devoted and in love with Sherlock Holmes. Ohhh.”
The few minutes the cab took to get him through the streets of Westminster to 221B were enough to calm his anger of uncertain origin. Instead, he felt a tentative sense of excitement arise in himself, but decided not to question it too much. He didn’t expect Sherlock to be apologetic for interrupting his shift that had only just begun – as if Sherlock had ever worried about causing others any inconvenience before. But when he finally entered their living room, he expected to find Sherlock in the panic that had seeped through his voice when they had talked just a few minutes before. What he had not expected was the maniacal grin that threatened to tear the detective’s face apart – Sherlock was positively ecstatic.
Sherlock didn’t respond. He just came to stand by Jim next to the window and handed him a cup and saucer. Moriarty gently brushed his fingers over Sherlock’s as he took it. Sherlock’s eyes flickered to Jim’s, but only for a split second.
“You ...Sherlock, you don't have to do this...” John huffed, but Sherlock's face was set in stone. He seemed to have reached a conclusion that would seem absurd to everyone else.
“Short flicker of arrogance, sorry. Seems I overestimated my strength.”
“But still... we ought to talk about this. No matter if someone forced me to do it, it was still-”
Sherlock’s hands were shaking, just the tiniest bit. He pulled in a shaky breath, his eyes returning to the floor. He tried to say something, but although his mouth moved, nothing came out. His hands curled into fists at his side. John continued to regard him attentively, and finally took one of Sherlock’s hands into his own. He pressed a gentle kiss to it, watching Sherlock shudder.
As the streets in front of the café became increasingly devoid of people, he started to calm down just the slightest bit. Even though it was (just) Moriarty, and he had his guard up and senses alert, he had to admit to himself that he enjoyed the interaction. It was something to take his mind off other things and people that were bothering his thoughts lately. Actually, it was quite nice.
Molly must have been there, Sherlock thought as he awoke a while after he had dozed off. He probably had slept off half of the day, she must have come by before her shift, but decided not to wake him. She had left flowers and a card instead, and - Sherlock's face lit up as he saw it- his cell phone. May God save Molly Hooper.
“How uncharacteristically benevolent.”
And with that, Sherlock began another of his impressive monologues that usually left John with his jaw open and mind barely able to follow. It usually also left him amazed and in awe, but like a surgeon, Sherlock began to dissect how John, or whoever he was, had come up with the character that was John Watson, with the character traits that made him one of the few people who actually managed to get along with Sherlock Holmes. How gentle, kind and awe-stricken John Watson had become Sherlock's flatmate, how he marvelled at the madman's deductions where other people only saw madness, how he put up with Sherlock's perks and peculiarities and even got the other man into beginning to form some bond with him. How he had infiltrated Sherlock's network and even hired Moriarty – Thomas Brooks, the actor – and constructed Sherlock's arch-enemy, a super-villain that would keep Sherlock's mind from going insane with boredom. All the while John stayed silent, his face unreadable. Moriarty exploded with glee, his vicious eyes darting back and forth between the two men in front of him.
“Just give him a little time. If two people are meant to be, you know?”
“Hm.”
- "When we least expect it, we may finally catch a glimpse at ourselves."
“…Thank you for telling me.”
“Just wondering. People might talk.” Sherlock carefully eyed his surroundings, checking for any of Moriarty's men lurking around. So far, only tourists, and businessmen on their phones, and a few lonely joggers on their way to Regent's park.
A silence settled over Baker Street 221B after that encounter, but it was a peaceful one. Overtime at the clinic kept John too engaged to see Mary that much, at the moment, and Sherlock seemed oddly content with that. John sometimes wondered why he still bothered with the annual flu-season and children with running noses, elderly people with their painful hips and joints and hypochondriacs with their perpetual pains and aches. He could do anything he wanted, there was no one to stop him really, but somehow this was what his mind relied on to achieve peace. Sometimes John Watson was an enigma to John Watson himself.
