The lab was empty — of people, anyway. The cat was sprawled out across Tony's drafting board, one arm hooked over the top to keep himself from sliding down the incline. Several well-chewed pencils and a shredded blue-print were scattered on the table around him.
He resisted the impulse to hide behind a piece of equipment and made himself stay put, bracing himself for her reaction; she would have to find out eventually, and everyone would know after Tuesday. Better to get it over with now.
Jan rubbed at her arms, and wished the new, weatherproof and silk-lined version of her costume had been ready last night. Hank hadn't gotten around to infusing it with Pym particles yet, still too busy dissecting the remains of Thursday's giant squid and pouring over his recessive X-gene carrier theory to have time for anything else.
Steve knelt on the tile floor to put himself at eye level with Tony, and rapped sharply on the shower door. "Tony. Are you all right?"
Tony offered him what was probably supposed to be an encouraging smile. "We're going to fix it. Maya's working on it right now." Steve wasn't sure if he was trying to reassure him or himself.
"Wow," Peter observed. "That's really not subtle."
“This time,” Steve said.  His eyes were still hot and blurry; he blinked hard, forcing it away, and pressed the heels of his hands against them for a moment, blotting away moisture.  “His heart stopped on the operating table,” he blurted out.  “It was already damaged.  The doctor said the blood loss and the stress of the surgery was…” he broke off, not wanting to continue.
Frankly, they could all probably use a few visits to a therapist, but years of keeping secret identities secret were a hard habit to break. She'd actually had to argue Hank out of just getting a recommendation for medication out of Leonard Samson and then synthesizing his own; during the height of the fight over Registration, before she'd walked away because she couldn't take Bill's death and the fighting and the 1984 levels of creepiness anymore, the government had kept a very close eye on anything that smacked of instability in superhumans. If he'd gone to an Initiative doctor, Hank might have ended up sitting in a cell in his and Tony's own prison.
Loki dove for it, hitting the ground in a swirl of green cloak and flashing gold.   Her fingers came within inches of the spear's haft—
The core of the Avengers, the ones who'd been on the team the longest – Steve, Tony, Hank, Jan, Thor, Clint, Wanda – always got extra leeway with one another. It wasn't surprising, given how long they'd known each other, but it wasn't always a good thing, either. If Carol had pulled half the things Hank had... Or Tony, who seemed to go out of his way to fuck himself over. And yet they'd both been forgiven, just as Wanda had. On the other hand, neither of them had killed a teammate, though Hank had apparently come close.
The way Tony had when he'd gotten her kicked off the team over the drinking problem she'd barely even had yet.
Steve obediently came in, and sat. He didn't know Pepper very well, but she seemed nice. She was also oddly intimidating, but that might just be the effect of all of the stories he'd heard from Tony over the years.
"From Strange? It's practically gushing praise."
Then everything faded to grey.
Tony answered.
"I could do much better than just erase your checking accounts," Tony said, after a long moment of silence.
"You're a genius," Jan said.  "You'll have me out of here in no time."  The cheer didn't even sound forced, though Don suspected it was.
"We can handle Loki," Tony protested. "We've done it before."
"I don't know. I was outside the entire time." Which had probably been wise, considering how dizzy he'd gotten when he'd hooked that policewoman's phone up to the security system.
Steve laid a hand on Tony's shoulder again, and reached for Tony's chin with his other hand, his big, warm fingers curling carefully around Tony's jaw. "Look at me, Tony," he said, in a tone of voice that Tony couldn't ignore, regardless of how much he wanted to. It was the same voice he used in bed, the one that was somehow both soft and commanding.
Thank god he had never known, would never know, what his body had been used to do.
"Let. Go," she hissed. "Or I will zap you." He flinched back, releasing his death grip on her arm, and she shoved him toward the nearest table. "Get under there and stay down. You'll be safe there."
She needed help.
"You promised you wouldn't-"
Wanda turned, her face expressionless. She was wearing a conservative skirt and blouse in subdued colors, and her face looked drawn and pale with exhaustion. She straightened her shoulders and faced them unflinchingly. "Clint," she said. "Steve, Carol. I'm... I'm glad you came. All of you." Her voice wavered on the last word, but her face and posture didn't change.
It looked normal, quiet and shut up like just about any church would be on a Saturday afternoon. She couldn't feel anything out of the ordinary, either, though why she should have expected to, Jan didn't know. Wanda was the one who was sensitive to those sorts of things, which was one of the reasons why they had decided to put her back in the field. Carol had a better chance of picking something up than Jan did; her powers were energy based, and chaos magic was, after all, a kind of energy.
“Enough,” Steve told him.  He wanted to be angry, wanted to yell and kick something and exorcise hours’ worth of desperate worry, but looking down at Tony’s pale face and half-lidded eyes, he couldn’t bring himself to.  “Why did you do it?” he asked softly.  “Let her stab you that way.  You had to have known your armor wouldn’t stop it, not after what it did to my shield.”
"Threats don't frighten me; I'm already dead. And I will not allow my father's dream to die!"
"If it involved either orgasms or nudity," Tony said, in an oddly distant voice, breaking in on Steve's inner fantasies, "it counts."
"If Loki had actually succeeded in his plan to kidnap and forcibly impregnate a female Thor, what would have happened to you?" Hank asked, frowning faintly.
Agatha frowned. "Familiar in what way?"
"Biochemistry and dimensional physics."
What on earth could be keeping Tony?
"Anything Beast told you about mass mutant orgies was a lie designed to get Simon to pay attention to him," Wanda said, voice dry.
“You gave-  did you just do the magical equivalent of hitting him with a wrench?”
Clint and Wanda spoke simultaneously, then Clint glared at her through his mask.
"I've been told on good authority that having sex with someone when they're too drunk to say yes or no is something like assault," Tony said slowly. It wasn't a question with a clear-cut answer, particularly since he only knew what Clint had just told him, and Clint didn't know the whole story himself. "Being under mind-control is kind of like being drunk; you're not in control of your actions, so I guess it would be the same thing. If anything, if you were under some kind of mind-control, she took advantage of you."
He'd planned to knock — or, rather, holler through the door — since walking into Tony's work area unannounced could get him either a face full of sparks from some welding project and a rant about safety goggles, or an eye full of Tony and Cap doing something he really didn't need to see. Instead, Clint found the door to the lab partly open, with nothing but silence on the other side.
"What I would do doesn't matter. This is your decision to make."
was what he actually wanted to ask, but Tony was reluctant enough to talk about this as it was, and those details were none of Steve's business.
"I can't let you do this," Wanda said. "The real Agatha wouldn't want me to." She drew her arm back, gathered her power, and threw a hex sphere at Agatha. It splashed harmlessly against her skirts, the power fizzling out.
Tony stood on his own, ignoring Steve's outstretched hand. "You just want to spy on me for Don to make sure I actually get some sleep," he accused.
Damnit. He'd been hoping to postpone this conversation a little while longer.
ooOOoo
Doom glanced at her, then apparently decided she was worth speaking to after all.  "
A metal tentacle looped around his ankle, and Hank went sprawling, managing to twist just enough to hit the ground with his shoulder instead of his face. Another tentacle wrapped around his waist, pinning his left arm to his side. Hank struggled, trying to pull free and fighting the instinct to shrink down. The metal coils were smooth, with nothing to give a 'victim' any purchase if one's hands weren't large enough to wrap completely around them.
Said in a woman's voice, that sounded much worse than Tony had probably intended it to.
"It's Doom.  Or Sin.  One of them.  They teleported in."  The alarm currently trying to blind and deafen him was from the anti-teleportation shields, which he'd originally set up to alert him via the Extremis if anyone used Doom's dimensional transport device or anything that matched its energy signature to enter the mansion.  Which meant that the invader, whomever they were, was already inside, not at the edge of the mansion's lawn where the perimeter sensors would have picked them up long before they set foot on Tony's property.
He set the earring carefully on the bedside table, then reconsidered and tucked it in his pocket where Patton couldn't get at it.
Hank's answers were equally low-voiced, and Steve was glad for it. He didn't want to hear the details. All that mattered was whether Tony was all right.
Had he ever been that young? Not since Afghanistan, certainly, and probably not since Sunset Bain.
Admirable traits. Yes, he did indeed possess several admirable qualities. Unfortunate, that honor had turned out not to be among them.
Hank stared down at his right hand, at fingers curled so tightly that his knuckles hurt, and heard the faint click of Jan's heels against the concrete as she jumped down from her perch on the computer and returned to full size.
"We can do that later," Tony mumbled into the side of Steve's neck, and the vibrations of his voice against Steve's skin sent heat rushing down his body. "I have a business meeting in an hour, and D.C. keeps calling me about the mutant thing." He ground his hips against Steve's groin, his voice going low and rough, and Steve shuddered, gripping him harder. "Fury apparently told Koening and Gyrich to go do something anatomically impossible the last time they bothered him, and they think I'll have some kind of special insight into what SHIELD's going to do about it. Or that I'm still the government's pet superhero." Tony slid a hand into Steve's hair, turning his face toward his, and kissed him, slow and deep.
Below them, people on the sidewalk were starting to stop and stare. They were too far up for their voices to be audible, but the faint honking of car horns drifting up from stopped traffic could just be heard.
"I have a list of them." Peter held up print-out number five.
She'd been all right, at leaSt. Or mostly all right – if he were a psychologist, he would probably have a laundry list of post-possession warning signs to watch out for, but all of his medical training had dealt with more concrete ailments.
Tony took a deep breath, forcing himself not to think about what it would like to walk into the ballroom of the Ritz Carlton on Steve's arm, to dance with him in public, to be able to pretend, just for an evening, that Steve felt the same way about Tony that Tony did about him.
"Peter?" his voice sounded distant, weird. "You shouldn't be here. You need to leave, before you get hurt, too."
They hadn't needed Tony and his prominent donor status to make this go smoothly after all. Just a couple of pretty faces — Steve included — and someone to talk science.
Steve nodded. That made sense; taking them all to one place would have flooded the emergency room before capacity. "And Tony?"
She could just hear Steve and the Falcon over the engine noise, arguing about whether this was going to screw up the East and West Coast team line-up. Vision loomed colorfully behind them, silently listening to their conversation.
Doom had given her a 'protective gauntlet,' supposedly to keep the power of the spear from incinerating her, but obviously intended simply to keep her from taking it for herself.  She pulled it off, tossed it to the floor, and reached for the spear.
"Will you and Thor please stop apologizing to me?" Exasperation had leaked into his husky mezzo-soprano voice now - odd, but at some point in the past few weeks, the lighter pitch had stopped sounding strange to Steve, had become just Tony's voice.
Sam's skin went cold all over, and the bottom of his stomach dropped out.  Where
"We're not getting married in Vegas," Steve said patiently. Tony didn't actually mean it, he knew, but given too much encouragement, he might decide to do it just for the hell of it. Booking the honeymoon suite in a luxury hotel at a moment's notice was next to impossible for most people, but money was no object for Tony.
"Yep. In this one, the star pirates have to stop a time-traveling warlord from taking over their solar system."
As she walked slowly along the narrow streets, mostly empty under the early afternoon sun, she tried desperately to put a name to any of the handful of people she passed, to remember who lived in even one of the houses, remember if she'd ever eaten at that little cafe, bought anything at that shop... she couldn't.
Doom would be waiting at the other end of the teleport, there to rant at her for her failure. Let him; she would have other chances, and the more he treated her as like an idiot child, the more he would forget to watch for treachery. Burning him alive after she obtained the spear was going to be very satisfying.
The next box was clothing, which Steve closed back up to go through later, followed by a box of items that had once decorated his DUMBO apartment. A vintage ad poster for war bonds; an old radio that Tony had promised to fix up for him and never gotten around to; a framed photo of Steve and Sam in costume, back when Sam had still worn red and green; one of Tony's old helmets, autographed to 'the only person whose head is harder than mine.'
Wanda had both hands pressed to the side of her head, her face twisted in pain. If Chthon was able to overwhelm her as well...
And maybe, it wasn't just that he was tired of not trusting Tony. He'd had his reasons for taking off his costume and becoming The Captain, but... a lot of things had changed. Maybe it was time to stop waiting for the next betrayal, and start trying to get things back to normal again.
Doom threw back his head and laughed, the sound echoing off the high ceiling.  "If I weren't planning to kill you, I'd be tempted to offer you a job."  He sounded honestly amused at being threatened with disgusting and overly detailed death, maybe even a little impressed.  "Enjoy the next few hours, gentlemen.  They're all you have left."
Tony had obviously put on the armor in a hurry. Beneath it, he wore nothing on his upper body but a white dress shirt, currently translucent with water and molded to the muscles of his chest.
Steve bent down and kissed him, slowly and gently, without any real force. Just enough of a kiss to silence him.
"I really hate A.I.M.," Tony observed conversationally. "The bombs had vials of some kind of chemical in them. I saved a sample for Hank to analyze."
Across the table from her, Tony had gone white. "This interview is over," he said quietly. "Leave. Now."
"Is that from the spear?" Jan was frowning, the rage of moments before completely derailed.
"Date?" Steve repeated.
"Yes," Hank said absently, as he aimed the first of the scanning devices at Tony. Courtesy of Reed Richards, it was a modified ultrasound machine that operated at a distance and didn't involve having to run gel-coated wands over people's bodies. It produced a clearer picture, too.
Steve might be able to appreciate men, but relatively few men were capable of returning the favor. Women, on the other hand, were far more likely to return his interest. Which didn't mean that Tony did, since he was, after all, not really a woman, but Steve's subconscious didn't know that.
"Are you actually going to pick a book?" Wanda asked. "Or are you just going to wander back and forth distractingly?"
"Oh, you wish," Rhodey snorted. "I'd blow you out of the sky."
"Off for God's sake." Bobbi rolled her eyes. "Just take the damn helmet off. We all know what happened; it's not like you're hiding anything."
"Chthon," Strange said grimly.
He should thank Loki, Tony mused absently. He would never have had this, had this much of
, Sam translated.
Tony always thought he could fix things, that everything had to have an obvious, neat solution if only he were smart enough to see it and could control enough variables to put said solution into effect, preferably while telling as few people as possible. Sometimes his attempts at damage control caused even more problems than the thing he was trying to fix. Work with the government to mitigate the effects of Registration, co-operate with Loki, break the law and flatten everyone in his path to steal his stolen technology back. Shoot himself up with experimental nanotechnology to take out a monster who'd been created by the same process.
Tony turned his face into Steve's hand, closing his eyes. He wasn't looking forward to three nights spent alone. "I don't know why it keeps getting up on our bed," he said. "It's supposed to be Jarvis's." The cat probably kept jumping up onto the bed because Tony had invited it up there, one night during the SHRA hearings when Steve had been far away in Washington and Tony had been unable to sleep. However, there was no way he was going to admit that, particularly not to Steve, who seemed to be involved in some endless, petty war with the cat, which had begun sleeping in his shield and gnawing on its leather straps.
The warehouse was owned by a local development firm who were business partners with a holding company that was owned by a man who was owned by Latveria. The construction crews who would be arriving here in a few hours had no more idea that their wages were coming from Latveria's royal treasury than their employers did, which was precisely as it should be. Doom had just finished tying up the long and tedious negotiations that had been necessary for him to visit United States soil once more, and he had no intention of watching his carefully laid plans come to nothing via interference from the American department of Homeland Security if he were discovered meeting with a known and internationally wanted terrorist.
Wanda threw herself out the window, landing on her shoulder amid a bed of petunias and rolling back up to one knee, then forced herself to her feet and ran.
"We need to drive him out of there," Carol muttered, low enough that Jan wasn't sure she was intended to hear it. "Get rid of him. Maybe we
Once again, Steve didn't know what to say. He had come back, and her husband hadn't. Just moments ago, he had been grinning ear-to-ear about him and Tony, but now, as Pepper stared silently at her hands, he felt oddly guilty. Guilty for being happy, for getting a second chance when her husband hadn't.
"Are you all right, Tony?" he asked. "Were you guys able to stop Loki?" Tony looked unhurt, his armor undamaged, but that didn't always mean anything.
"Right now, she's not doing anything. If we go after her, that could change. Who knows what it could provoke her into doing." Even if she truly did have amnesia, it would be risky; it was a proven fact that latent mutant powers activated when people were under stress.
Jan clearly had the same idea - she was flying directly for Harkness's face, hands together in front of her, ready to fire off a bio-chemical stinger blast right into the woman's eyes.
, maybe, or
"And that's bad?" Wanda asked. "It makes a certain kind of sense, I suppose. There would be magical resonances involving the potential to create life."
Steve shook his head again, suddenly abruptly aware that a hallway probably wasn't the proper place for this conversation. But then, they'd had their last conversation about this in the hallway, too. "I meant it," he said, wishing he'd thought about this more, that he had some plan for how to do this properly.
"Hill," Tony said. "I need to talk to you — and Fury and Dugan, if they're there. I have information on the Sin situation."
Thor gave him a dismissive glance, his eyes narrowed and full of almost palpable contempt. "It seems you are skilled at choosing lesser evils."
He hadn't been able to influence her as strongly during the flight because the plane had been too far from the earth, where he was bound. Now that they had landed again, and she was back on solid ground...
It looked like tonight was Tony's turn to have nightmares.
"The closest hospital is that way," Jan said, tugging on his hair to indicate the proper direction, and then they were airborne again, moving father into the city.
. Old instincts kicked in, reminding him not to let his struggle for breath or the twinges in his chest show.
He tried to sit up, to roll over onto his side, anything to get away to clean air, but his couldn't move, his body so heavy that he couldn't even lift his head.
"Fine," Steve threw back. "Gladly. When you pass out on your workbench, I won't come looking for you." He turned his back to Tony and stomped toward the elevator, stabbing the 'up' button viciously and wishing it came equipped with a door he could slam. The quite swish of the elevator doors closing wasn't nearly as satisfying.
Tony checked his watch again. It was exactly one minute and thirty-five seconds later than the last time he'd done so. "You'd think the sorcerer supreme could be on time."
Tony wasn't kissing back as eagerly anymore, though. His movements gradually became slower, more languid, and then he sighed a little and went limp.
Chthon had been inside his
"But a moment more, and the vapors shall disperse." Thor didn't bother to use the comlink, his voice carrying easily over the noise of the fight and the drone of his spinning hammer even without it.
Steve's worry vanished in the heat of irritation. "Where have you been all day?" he demanded, sitting up with a jerk. "Sub-director Hill wouldn't give me anything other than that Doom and Sin are working together. You can't find out something like that and then go to radio silence for hours."
Jan shrugged. "For a given definition of virgin."
Of course not. Tony had never met a computer program or piece of machinery he couldn't fix, and if he ever did, he'd never admit to it.
"It could take a long time," Tony warned.
"You're in charge," Clint said, as if it were self-evident.
"We did well this day." Thor's deep, rumbling voice echoed in Steve's ear, and only long familiarity kept him from jumping slightly. "You were a most admirable distraction, my friend." He clapped Steve on the shoulder with one massive hand, the force of it enough to make him sway forward a little.
"Peter and MJ are going to be there, too," Steve told him.  "Go put on whatever people wear to go clubbing."
No art on the walls, no plants, no books. No telephone. No way of contacting the outside world.
"Not even a little?" Jan asked. Any male teammate being temporarily transformed into a woman would have been at least amusing, but in Tony's case, it was like some grand example of cosmic justice.
He reminded himself firmly that however much Harkness might look like a fragile old woman, she was actually a powerful sorceress who was trying to kill them all, and fired twin repulsor blasts at her.
Someone grabbed his shoulder, fingers digging in so hard that his entire arm went numb, and pulled him upright.  “Are you all right?  Where are you hurt?”
How many of those energy blasts could he fire before his power source was exhausted?  Tony would have had some idea.
"If she does, Cap or I can call you on your communicator."
" he tapped the color-coded pattern that appeared in every row but Clint's, "is the portion of the X genome sequence that encodes the potential for mutant powers. It's less well known than this part," he indicated another section of DNA, which looked only slightly different from the first, and only appeared in Wanda's row, "which controls the expression of powers. It was the first X gene sequence discovered, the one isolated back in the sixties by Xavier and a bunch of scientists whose names you wouldn't recognize, the part the Legacy Virus targets. No one but Sinister managed to isolate the second part until Beast started researching Legacy. It's recessive, which means that a certain percentage of the population are carriers for the gene without being mutants themselves." All of this came out in a rush, as if Hank had been waiting for the opportunity to share it with someone for hours or days.
Tony's foot shot up and caught him right on the chin, hard.
There hadn't been a lot of bleeding involved, had there? Surely Tony would look worse if he'd suffered significant bloodloss.
Tony had run out of reassuring things to say to Steve five minutes ago, and was now left silent and useless, with nothing to do but check the Lemurian situation repeatedly and hack into SHIELD's files on Sin.
"They're doing that already," Jan pointed out. "Don't talk," she went on, pointing a finger at him, "just listen. You're going to be uncomfortable at this party no matter what, right?"
"Why not?" Clint returned his eyes to the street ahead of them, just in time to catch the sign marking the next turn. "You go left here," he added. These days, if you wanted to know something about Tony, Steve was probably the best person to ask.
Her feet kept moving automatically, without any conscious input from her.
"Well," Tony said, shifting towards him, so that their arms were just brushing. "if you didn't keep it right next to the bed..."
Carol ducked out through the hole in the wall, and let herself drop back down to the sidewalk. The ground below her was covered in glass shards and broken bits of rubble; from the air, they formed a pattern vaguely like a face, with narrowed eyes, and a gaping, grinning mouth.
Steve gave Sam's shoulder a shove when he drew level with him — not hard, just in case he'd collected more bruises than the one on his face — but didn't dispute the statement.  If SHIELD had truly made any kind of breakthrough, Hill or Sharon would have called.  Tony was going to be fine; he'd been shocky and had some kind of electrolyte imbalance and the doctors had made worrying comments about 'being cautious' over his arrhythmia 'just in case,' but the Helicarrier's medical staff had sworn to Steve that rest, IV fluids, and a couple of weeks to heal would take care of everything.
"The Jackson Pollock paintings," Tony announced. "I think MoMA outbid me for one of them a few years ago."
"I-" Steve started, and then his throat closed up. He shook his head, silently, raising one hand to touch Tony's face, then letting his palm slide down from Tony's jaw to the base of his neck, Tony's skin warm under his hand.
The spear went through his armor like a hot knife through butter, and the pain was like Afghanistan all over again.
The curved line of Tony's spine was the same, male or female; the way his lower back dipped in just a bit above the base of his spine was something that he'd always had. His face was less delicate than Steve remembered, the pointed chin gone.
"Fine," Madigan snapped. "But don't think you've won. A.I.M. will break me out of jail in a week."
Fighting their way out would be most satisfying, but they had not the time to spare.  Thor raised Mjolnir above his head and began to spin it, building momentum, and then let his hammer fly at the wall he and his teammates had been chained against.  The aged brick was obviously part of the warehouse's outer wall, nearly a foot thick, and proved no match for his hammer.
"We don't know that," Jan said quickly. It was true, she didn't
"Just this once, Hank." Tony turned back, crossing the foyer to where Hank stood frozen by the foot of the staircase, and put one hand on his arm. "If you lose it again, we can deal with that after we've stopped Chthon from manifesting and destroying the world, okay?"
Hank's voice sounded pleading as he spoke, even embarrassed. "Please don't. He's not going to care why we did it. HUSAC didn't force me to rush the experiment, or order me not to add additional behavioral safeguards. Whether or not we wanted to do it, we still had a responsibility to do it right."
Clint silently prayed that Nurse McCall wouldn't try to refuse them access, because he had a sinking feeling that if she did, the next words out of Cap's mouth would be, "I'm sleeping with him," followed by some speech about equal rights. Cap tended to speechify when he was angry.
His heart. Of course. No wonder he had been having dizzy spells, had felt wrong, exhausted, ill. Tony drew in a deep breath, forcing himself not to react visibly, and tried to think how he would break the news to Steve.
Clint nodded. "Right, thanks," he said, steeling himself against whatever might be waiting for him in there.
Jan's eyes opened, and then she froze, staring up at Clint with wide eyes.
"Fell apart?" Sam suggested, moving back to let Steve drop his leather and mail tunic on the bed - and also, Steve suspected, to get a better look at him. "He's got things back together now, though. I know I wouldn't handle being turned into a woman anywhere near that well. And damn, that looks nasty. Did you put ice on it?"
flirting. More than flirting - that was a direct proposition. "Um, no?" Steve managed.
All for members of the Wrecking Crew were standing on the museum's front steps, Thunderball slowly reeling his massive wrecking ball back in. The Wrecker, their nominal leader, had a leather and metal-bound book tucked under one arm, presumably stolen from inside the museum.
The hospital staff had make token protests when Jan and Tony had checked themselves out several hours after Tony had rejoined the land of the living, but it really had only been a token protest. Jan had a feeling that they'd been happy to see them go, as much because of herself as because of Tony. The nurses hadn't reacted well when Carol had gotten her to increase her size; apparently it had done some very strange things to all of the monitors they had had hooked up to her.
Steve closed his eyes for a second, and took a deep breath, obviously trying to hold onto his temper. "You can't take responsibility for this, Tony. It's everyone's decision, not just yours."
Hyde doubled over, the breath wooshing out of him, and his huge, sausage-fingered hands closed around Steve's ankle, gripping so tightly that it felt as if his bones were being ground together.
"It can't possibly be more embarrassing than some of the things that have happened to us while in costume."
Loki made a pouty little moue that filled Don with the desire to wipe the expression off her face, and said, "So bitter. One would think Baldur were still in his grave. Save your anger for those it truly belongs to, brother."
She was wearing pale green hospital scrubs rather than the flimsy hospital gown she’d had on earlier, and while she looked exhausted, she also looked a hell of a lot better than Tony did.
"I have wires stuck all over me. If I get worse, they'll know. Go away."
Deep fried twinkies could wait until later. Agatha would, she imagined, be considerably less amused by them than Jarvis was.
It was more a momentary press of lips to his than a real kiss, and then Steve was wrapping an arm around him and leaning his forehead against his, holding on to him tightly for one brief moment.
"So we're just supposed to trust her not to use too much magic and burn through the seals?" Carol's voice dripped with scorn. Jan was tempted to point out that half the former anti-Registration superheroes had been equally unwilling to trust
"That's... really not good. Should we be worried?"
And then Tony arched backwards, the lights in his armor flickering and going dark, and collapsed noisily to the floor.
been working."
No, none of them had intended for Bill Foster to die, least of all Hank.  "I know," Don said wearily.  Would he prefer that Thor's memory had been left alone and his body not been violated for the sake of science if the price was an unknown number of dead 'test subjects?'  Put like that, it was impossible to say yes.  Thor had accepted that — they both had.  But it still felt... damn it, there were signed consent forms for medical experiments for a reason.
She kept walking until she had left town far behind, following a small, winding path right to the foot of the mountain, just where the landscape started to slope upward. Why on earth had she decided to live so far out of town? She ought to at least have a bicycle or something -- surely she didn't walk the whole mile and half every time she needed groceries.
There was a long pause. "No," Carol said, slowly. "I don't think so. But it wouldn't be normal energy. For all I know, the whole block could be lit up like a Christmas tree with magical radiation."
"I hate to say it," Carol said, so softly that the communicator only just picked it up, "but in some ways, the city might be better off if she hadn't come back." She didn't need to specify who 'she' was. "Except... I would never want her to stay trapped, not like that. But if what happened when she destroyed the mansion is anything to go by, things are going to get a lot worse."
"Ha." Hank smacked a fist into his palm, grinning. "Beast is a genius.
Thor clenched his fingers around Mjolnir's handle, and curled his left hand into a fist. "He lives, yes, but not for lack of effort on your part. And he is far from the only one whose death you have sought." Jane Foster, Fandral, Hogun, Volstagg, his father, nearly every one of the Avengers at one point or another. Thor himself, countless times.
"You really ought to have earrings, with hair that short," Jan was musing, studying him carefully with the air of an artist evaluating a nearly-complete painting. "It's a little late for that now, though. And the clunky wristwatch comes off."
The Doombots locked Don into a set of empty restraints next to Hank's, then stepped back.  The energy grid flickered into place again, and Jan let go of the hope that Don's presence was intentional.  He was slumped against the wall, most of his weight hanging from his arms, and seemed too dazed to have even noticed his surroundings — the Doombots' rough handling had barely elicited a reaction.  The dark stains on his clothes were blood, clearly visible now that she could see him in the light.  His [left? Right?] leg was injured, and badly, if the amount of fresh blood soaking his pants leg was any indication.
"Tony is... all right, isn't he?" Steve asked, as it belatedly occurred to him that he hadn't even stopped to wonder about Tony's wellbeing in all this. Who knew what kind of effects a physical change that drastic could have on someone?
"Now I don't know what to say to him, sometimes," she said softly, still staring at her hands.
"Yeah," Sam agreed. "I know. I couldn't get any answer from him when I called, or from Wong." Calling Strange was a shot in the dark at the best of times, since he rarely carried a cell phone and often spent months away from home. He also seemed to regard the internet with a baffled and vaguely intimidated disinterest that Sam didn't expect from someone who usually seemed convinced of his own omniscience.
The female invader lunged toward, slashing at her with a knife, and Carol blasted her back into the wall, expending all her stored power in one shot.  It felt good, as it always did — a moment of pure, unrivaled adrenaline rush as the power flowed through her, a shadow of what it had been like to be the heart of a star.  She would feel drained and empty, afterwards, but it was worth it to hear the dull thud of the woman's body hitting the plaster.
"You look tired. Are you all right?"
"I'm not going to argue," Sam said mildly. "I'm just going to remind him that being a superhero is not currently against the law."
"He doesn't trust her," Carol said. "I don't blame him. Neither do I."
Very little that Tony got up to when it came to romance surprised him anymore, but with Hank? After Steve had torn him a new one over how stupid getting involved with an emotionally fragile teammate was during his brief fling with Jan, he'd decided to move on to
She handed over the phone, a sleek, black rectangle, and watched intently as Tony simply held it; he couldn't use the phone's touch screen with his gauntlets on, but with the Extremis, he didn't need to.
She turned to him, looking startled for a moment, before her expression smoothed. "Spiderman. Does Hank know anything yet?"
It was two stories overhead, with exposed iron ceiling beams.  The high windows designed in the nineteenth century to let in light had been boarded over, so that the huge, open space of the warehouse floor was lit only by a dim, bluish glow that came from some unknown source behind Loki.
They were all talking about killing just a little too easily, Steve thought. That was what fighting the Red Skull did to you, even if it wasn't necessarily him anymore. "The Avengers have a lot on our plate at the moment," he said, hating the necessity of it. Chthon was a worse threat than Sin, even if the Red Skull
Sam left them to it, and went outside to see if he could get his own frightened animal companion to calm down — Redwing's agitation was a continual presence in his mind, making him feel edgy, and his own thoughts about reality and memories weren't helping.
Tony set the circuit board to one side, lining it up so that its edges were exactly parallel with the edge of the work table. "I just wish we had more control over how and when this came out." He set the tools he'd been using down next to it, in a neat, perfect line. "I hate lying to the media. I did far too much of it, last winter. And I hate trying to have a relationship while reporters scrutinize every imaginable aspect of; it got bad enough with Rumiko, sometimes, and that was nowhere near as deliciously scandalous." He met Steve's gaze, then, jaw tight, and his voice was strained as he added, "But nowhere near as much as I hated losing you. I..." he hesitated, then, "I hung up on Sally because I couldn't handle the thought of talking to her. Not then, and not now."
week at Rykers."
It felt strange for a moment whenever he reabsorbed it, the liquid metal always several degrees cooler than his internal body temperature. It had felt safer, once, to know that he would always have a part of the armor with him, always be able to summon it when he needed it.
Only one or two of those were women who would actually consider attending a public event with large amounts of media coverage with another women.
There was water pounding down against the top of his head, seeping through the blue leather of his pants, which he was suddenly very grateful to be wearing, because his body had begun reacting to Tony's naked, wet proximity in a way that was totally inappropriate to the situation.
"Release me, mortal-" Loki began.
"I'm not going to get hurt," Peter said, feeling terribly out of place here, with Tony looking at him that way. Tony wasn't supposed to be concerned for him like that anymore. "We're in the hospital. You're the one that got hurt. And anyway," he added, "Aunt May's appointment downstairs is going to last at least another hour." He was babbling, and he knew it, but he couldn't think of anything intelligent to say. "I mean, I thought Cap wanted us all to try and reconcile and get along, and you kicking me out isn't exactly-"
ooOOoo
Steve hung up the phone in its cradle and sat down in the chair Jan had vacated, resting his head in his hands - one of his elbows was on top of
SHIELD had to be coming.  Even if Tony hadn’t gotten through to them, they had to know something had happened.  Between the power outage, the green flames – they were gone now; when had they stopped burning? – and the blinding explosion of Wanda’s magic, everyone in the city had to know.
Hank didn't seem to hear him; his face had lit up in a wide grin that would have been endearing if it didn't bring to mind evil robots, hoards of creepy-crawly things, and plans that went terribly, disastrously wrong. "I tried comparing mutant DNA to normal human DNA — just the sequences containing the X genes, to cut down on the computer processing time — and it kept throwing up false matches. And then I looked at the CAT scans Beast did on some of the X-Men to map the regions of the brain that control the use of mutant powers, and the chemical process that occurs when energy mutants convert biological energy to electrical-magnetic or kinetic energy, and there were a lot of very familiar neurotransmitters there. Did you ever wonder why Pym particles never took on you the way they did on the rest of us who used them?"
Tony... Tony's arguments almost always made sense, even when they were wrong. It was his reactions just now that Steve didn't know how to interpret.
"Are you sure you want to? Like, you're not going to be able to take this back. Everyone will know."
"When Chthon returns to this realm and takes possession of the vessel I have prepared for him, I will be rewarded above all other mortals." Her voice didn't even sound human anymore, resonant with weird harmonics that made the hair on the back of Tony's neck rise.
He was crumpling the magazine, Steve realized, and made his fingers relax. "I told her I wanted to apologize to you. What did she-"
“Are you sure you’re up for it?”  He’d been trying not to hover all evening, but he couldn’t help asking.  The visceral memory of Tony’s broken ribs
Well, no, apologizing didn't undo the past, but, "Try it anyway," Steve suggested. "The way Thor sees it, an innocent man died at... not exactly his hands, but close enough that he feels dishonored by it. You know what that feels like. I've seen your face when reporters throw those questions about landmines and unexploded munitions at you."
"That's not true," Steve objected. "Where on earth did you get an idea like that?"
Steve and Clint were already out the gate and running, their footsteps loud on the pavement.
That wasn't entirely true - they
Chthon would not use her to harm anyone else she loved. Better to lived maimed and shattered, a shadow of her former self, than be a mindless puppet of evil. Better, if it came to it, not to live at all.
"I thought your mission was classified. How did she know-" Steve started, just as Tony said,
"Tony?" Cap's voice was raw with relief. "Do you know where you are?"
At least the Museum of Natural History had refused to bow to pressure to remove all discussions of Homo superior from their new "Hall of Human Origins" exhibit. You had to take victories where you could find them.
"Too bad." Pepper cut him off ruthlessly. "He hasn't been in the office in four days. Bambi Arbogast is at her wits end. You know what happened the last time he disappeared. I know you're in there, Tony," she called, as the door swung open, "don't bother hiding."
There was a long, awkward moment of silence, while Hank obliviously continued to work. Wanda looked stricken, her eyes wide and her face raw.
"Neither  was the way Cap ran off that blonde over by the bar," MJ said, the  amused smile still playing over her lips.  "I guess they're not  bothering to keep things in the closet anymore."
"I'm sure he did," Wong said, his eyes going to Strange again. Strange looked older, lying so still, all the grandiose hand gestures and cool superiority absent.
He was going to have to call and cancel. As far as he knew, Rae was not into other women.
"Why would I do that?" She smiled, revealing sharp, white teeth.  "I thought it courteous to inform you that our engagement has come to an end.  It was pleasant while it lasted, but at the moment, you're of little use to me."
to use it. Not one where he'd have to keep his hands off it for his own good.
"Wait, they're true? You and Simon's new boyfriend actually-" Clint made a vague hand gesture that could have encompassed anything from sex to Parcheesi.
She stabbed a finger at Wanda, and had the satisfaction of seeing her flinch back. "How can we ever trust you again? I get hauled off to another dimension by a rapist and no one lifts a finger, but they welcome you back with open arms? You should be locked up somewhere where you can't hurt anybody else," she spat, "not back on the team."
Steve kept on grinning, feeling faintly smug. "I know."
"Already on it," she said. She fired one last blast directly into the faceplate of an A.I.M. hirelings' yellow radiation-proof suit, then swooped up toward the billboard, flying toward the black plastic box just visible on its lower edge. According to Tony, the box was some kind of hacking device, programmed to hijack the screen and substitute A.I.M.'s images for its regularly scheduled advertisements. Hopefully, it would also serve to convince the city and whichever company owned this particular Times Square billboard not to sue Steve to within an inch of his life for destroying it.
She shook her head. "They limit the power I can draw on, and block Chthon's access to me. Other than that, they're no different from tattoos."
"To Diamondback in the back seat of a flying car?" Clint said hopefully.
Tony sighed, looking down at his feet and then back up. He was still standing in the doorway, neither inside nor outside the room, as if he weren't sure that Steve would welcome his presence, but couldn't quite bring himself to leave. "I stopped selling weapons for a reason, because I couldn't control who had them or how they were used, and damn it, Fury
"To do what?" Jan asked, taking a step forward. Her chin was raised, and her arms folded casually across her chest, but she looked at ease, in control, her calm even more impressive against the backdrop of Carol's sullen anger and Clint's obvious unease.
Why would she expect anything else? She had never lived anywhere else. She had learned English from her Aunt, out of textbooks, and through practicing on tourists, so why did it seem strange that she and the Baker had been speaking in Rumanian?
"Probably because you were twitching and writhing and-
"I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry for what I did to you."
The Falcon nodded, smiling a little. "I know what you mean."
She'd been dreaming about Chthon until that first Doombot had woken her up.  The tattoo on the back of her neck still itched, though the backs of her hands no longer burned — they had literally burned, before, with an angry red glow that had died away before she'd finished waking up.  Maybe it had been part of the dream.
"Admit it," Tony said, as Steve made a small, strangled sound, "you're proud of that website."
"Oh, but you should have told us that your arm was hurt." And there went the eyelashes again.
"But you are not a woman now, Mr. Stark," he or she would say, and Tony would, what? Shrug, and say, "I got better?" He could imagine how well that would have gone over.
Steve shook his head slightly. "I meant by the criminal." It wasn't actually a matter for jokes - watching blue-white lightning crawl over the outside of Tony's armor had been far too reminiscent of the stunt Tony had pulled when his armor had been hacked, and Steve had already been anticipating giving him CPR again, steeling himself for the feel of Tony's ribs bending and cracking under his hands, when Tony had groaned and sat up again. The shock his heart had gotten had probably been bad enough as it was, even if it hadn't succeeded in actually stopping his heart this time.
Tony lowered the unconscious woman gently to the ground, beside Carol's man and the limp form of the woman with the museum bag, looked up just in time to see Sam's canister of antidote hit the sidewalk with a clank.
There was nothing passive about the heat building in his body though, or in the way Tony stepped forward a moment later, closing the distance between them and molding himself against Steve, pressing up into the kiss.
"Armor's filters say it's a chemical compound of some kind," War Machine's voice crackled over the commlink. "No live DNA or bio-organisms. Tell the emergency people standard gas masks ought to work."
This particular attempt, though, Steve hadn't minded. He picked it up, smiling, and held it up for Tony to see. "I can't believe Jarvis kept this."
Except, as it turned out, the library was not empty. Wanda was curled up in one of the oversized leather chairs that predated the Avengers' use of the house and had somehow managed to survive six years of superhero occupancy. She had her nose buried in a copy of
"Just before I lost the company."
he wondered. Some new magical troublemaker?
Sam rubbed at his face for a moment, then swung his legs over the side of the couch and sat up.  The bruises on his face had swollen until his left eye was half-shut; Steve winced internally looking at it.  Sin's handiwork.
This, Jan felt, was a conversation that called for ice cream. She brought a pint of Haagen Daaz and two bowls out from the kitchen, offering one to Carol, who was sitting on the shorter of the living room's two couches, her arms folded.
A hand wrapped around his wrist, crushingly tight, and Loki's fist hit his face so hard that he saw white for a moment.
They had left the cathedral behind and were nearing the West Side Highway and the river now, brownstones, storefronts, and office buildings slowly being replaced by warehouses. Time to turn around for one last sweep over the area. It never hurt to be thorough.
expressions, so he didn't need to.
"No," he told it firmly, pushing it away from the closing doors with his cane. "You're not going down there."
ooOOoo
Steve gave Tony a slow once-over, heat in his eyes. "How are you going to pay me?"
"Let's just order pizza," Jan suggested. She was sitting at the kitchen table, regarding the array of cookbooks spread across it with disdain. She tapped a thin, hardcover volume with one finger. "This one is nothing but different manly things you can sear to death on a grill. Why do we still have John Walker's things?"
"You're sure about the eyeliner?" Jan asked.
The tape snapped, the flap unfolded, and Steve stared down at a framed pen and ink drawing of an Avengers quinjet. The glass in front of the drawing was cracked, and one corner of the paper was scorched, but it wasn't so damaged that he couldn't recognize it immediately. He would have known that particular drawing anywhere.
Tony sighed, and cast a wistful glance at the schematics for the Mansion's security system, which he'd had spread out across the workbench beside his laptop, waiting until he finished answering his email, and the armor sitting patiently in the middle of the lab, awaiting the modifications that would compensate for his new lower bodyweight, smaller size, and altered center of gravity. "You're right. We'd better go get me something to wear. I'm going to need it before you call that press conference."
Doom didn't turn away from Strange and Wong.  They were fighting one another somehow, Steve was sure, but in no way that he could see.
Either way, it wouldn’t change anything.  Hank was still--  he would be fine.  He had to be fine.  They had gotten him to the hospital within minutes, and the chemicals in his bloodstream had only been at lethal levels for a few seconds.  Once he’d returned to full size, they’d have gone back to normal, so if wasn’t as if he’d have gotten worse after she’d left him.
Which meant, Jan concluded, that Tony didn't plan on
"Had wild lesbian sex?" Jan guessed.
"The spear," she said slowly. "He drew power from the spear. A great deal of it."
"Yes, and we all regretted it while it lasted." Hank's voice was dry enough that the line almost sounded witty instead of just catty.
"It's the twenty-first century; people should be better than this!" He knew it was ridiculously naive as soon as he said it; for all the social changes for the better than had happened while he was on ice, human nature itself never changed. He had known what they were letting themselves in for by making their relationship public, but he hadn't been able to stop himself from hoping that people would be better than his expectations. They'd failed to be on more than one front. "It's not just this, it's... you've seen what that columnist in the Post has been writing about all those mutants getting their powers back." Newspaper columnists calling for a return to mandatory registration of superhumans because of "the renewed mutant presence" was just a mildly irritating symptom of a much larger problem. Violent crime had been steadily rising all over Manhattan and the parts of Brooklyn closest to the East River for weeks, but the string of attacks on visible mutants and people who happened to look vaguely like they might have been mutants in Staten Island couldn't be blamed on Chthon's influence, unless his reach extended even farther than they'd assumed.
Sin slid the edge of the knife gently along his skin, almost a caress.  "I think I'll send your head to Carter and Barnes in a box.  Rogers', too."
"I'll have to start being more careful," Steve said, swaying sideways to let Tony's fist slide past his head. "Pepper and Rhodey have both threatened me with maiming if I ever hurt you."
He pulled the towel away, letting go of Tony's chin, and dropped it on the table. Pieces of hair were hanging in Tony's face; Steve reached up, without thinking, and brushed them out of the way.
"Pretty sure. She wasn't acting like herself at all." Clint shook his head. "She didn't remember having powers, or even who I was. She's an omega level mutant. If she'd known who I was, and thought I was some kind of threat, she could have just wriggled her nose and winked me out of existence."
Clint was surrounded by a small cluster of people, patting a short, grey-haired woman awkwardly on the shoulder as she sobbed into her hands. She had just lost a newly purchased apartment that had probably been close to a million-dollar investment, along with everything of hers that had been in it; what did you say to someone like that? 'I'm sorry everything you own was destroyed, but at least you're still alive?'
"Unless you can fly now, one of us is going to have to," Sam informed him levelly.
But there had been no nightmares this time, not the old ones of the explosion and Bucky's death, or the new ones of gunshots and drowning in blood.
Pepper was a very smart woman, and he'd have to thank her later.
Steve was kneeling next to Barnes now, cutting his black shirt away from his side. His eyes stayed fixed on his increasingly bloody hands as he spoke, his eyebrows drawn together in a scowl. "Tell me you didn't just assassinate a foreign national on American soil."
"One chromosome different," Hank confirmed. "Otherwise it was the same. I don't know where the extra mass went; not into a sub-atomic pocket dimension the way mine does, because I checked. Magic makes my head hurt." He rubbed at his forehead with one hand, and for a moment, he and Tony shared equally grumpy expressions.
"And then he said that there had been complaints from parents that I wasn't a good role model, and they were going to have to reject my offer to volunteer and have someone else fill in during that time slot."
And then, with a sickening lurch, Tony remembered where he'd met Saunders - Harry - before.
Sam leaned his weight against the door to make sure it was fully shut while Steve keyed in the electronic lock. It beeped once, then engaged, unaffected by Wanda's presence only a few feet away; Tony had designed it to be resistant to energy fluctuations.
Bleeding? No, Steve decided. He didn't want to know.
Hank tapped a rapid-fire sequence of keys, and the machine made a chirping noise as it came online – Tony could feel the machine's electronic signature flare in the back of his head, joining the constant reassuring presence of his dormant armor, and the bright chatter of SHIELD's communication's systems, which he'd never shut down or logged out of after Winter Soldier and Sharon Carter's late-night visit.
Hank hissed something about booby traps and security under his breath, then asked, more loudly, "How long have we been here?"
Steve half-raised one hand, intending to put a hand on Tony's arm, pull him in for a hug, something, then thought better of it. Tony might not want Steve to touch him. Probably didn't want Steve to touch him.
He fired his jet boots and threw himself at the control panel, ignoring the sounds of Doom struggling back to his feet and the screech of rending metal that was Steve or Thor destroying the final Doombot.
There was something almost sad, Steve reflected, about the fact that Tony felt the need to apologize for his own pain, as if he didn't have the right to be damaged by everything that had happened to them in the past year.
That won him a visible wince. "How bad is it?"
"What are you working on?" he asked. Tony's answer might or might not make any sense, but listening to him ramble about engines or computers was always soothing.
"Oh," Steve said, very quietly. "I've never done this with a guy before," he confessed.
"Ahaha. Very funny," Clint muttered. "Where do you think they've got Jan and Tony?" The EMTs hadn't let him ride in the ambulance with Jan. Of course, they hadn't let Cap ride along with Tony, either, so that wasn't all that surprising. He wondered, if Hank had been there, if they would have let
Tony ignored him. "I couldn't exactly go to a hospital. If this hit the media, whatever shreds of credibility and respect I still have in the business world would be gone. I already have breasts. I don't need people to start writing me off as a slut again. Sleeping around is different when you're a woman; I don't think SI's stock could handle it."
“No.”  And eventually, that would stop seeming both miraculous and too good to be true.  “Sin is dead, but none of us… everyone’s going to be okay.”
"You... did a good job today," she said awkwardly. Handing out encouragement like that was part of her job as Avengers' chairperson, but it felt patronizing saying it to Hank. He'd been an Avenger as long as she had, and shouldn't need to be told when he'd done good, but Hank was Hank, and he
Maya's first test subject for the Extremis, Steve guessed. His skull had been completely vaporized when SHIELD had finally gotten there; the media had been very fond of reminding people of that particular gory detail. Tony wouldn't have resorted to that level of lethal force unless he'd had no other options. While the Avengers very rarely killed, at one point or another, they all knew that the possibility was a potential last resort. It still wasn't an option any of them would exercise lightly.
It took Jan a moment to recognize the blonde woman striding toward them as Sharon Carter.  She needed sleep, she thought, and something to eat.  It had been a very long day.
He'd been talking about Steve. He had told her that Steve was dead, and it hadn't even registered, had meant nothing to her.
"Let's focus, people," Tony said, trying to keep the annoyance out of his voice. "This isn't a total disaster. It's not a disaster at all unless we let it be one."
"We agreed long ago that the Avengers would not intrude upon one another's private lives, but I would suggest that you see a doctor." And until he did, Don would keep a watchful eye on him. His other self saw it as a matter of honor.
"I cannot apologize deeply enough, Iron Man. My kinsman has done thee a great wrong."
There was a moment of silence, the ringing in Steve's ears loud enough that all other noise was deadened into nothing, and then Sin stepped out of the special exhibit room, the John Dee manuscript tucked into the crook of one arm. In her other hand was a Luger pistol that Steve had last seen Red Skull carrying.
Steve relaxed, feeling silly. There wasn't any reason for worry or caution; as far as anyone else in the museum knew, Tony was a woman. If Steve wanted to put an arm around him in public, or even kiss him in the museum lobby, in front of god and everyone, no one would raise an eyebrow.
Carol glanced around them automatically, half-expecting to see one of the rescued civilians staring at them in horror or prurient interest. This was not the place for this conversation. Few places were, really. And the fight at the docks sounded like it was still going strong — they needed to be there, not here. "I'm pretty sure you were the one who was date raped, from what you told me," she said, keeping her voice low.
Whatever it was, Beast had thought that Wanda had done it, and therefore, that it was within her power to undo it.
"Yes," Sam said, "it is. You know it is. You're Captain America, and four months ago you came back from the dead. Everything you do is a news story, especially right now." He took the magazine away from Steve, folding it up again; Steve watched the pictures disappear from view with something like relief.
Tony started to protest - every hour not spent working on this was another hour that he spent trapped in this alien body, not to mention that Clint has given them forty-eight hours to fix this before he called Steve and the other Avengers on the East Coast, and had them bring Strange in on it - but Wanda over-rode him.
When they landed outside the West Coast Avengers' headquarters fifteen minutes later, Tony was still pale and in obvious pain, but didn't seem any weaker or sicker than he had been when they had picked him up. Hank's worst case scenario, that he was bleeding internally from a placental abruption, was seeming less likely. Still, he vetoed Tony's attempt to walk out of the quinjet and into headquarters under his own power.
Steve hadn't really expected Tony to stay away from his tech toys for a whole day. At least he was sitting down in the living room in relative comfort instead of downstairs using the armor's augmented strength to manhandle Quinjet engine blocks.
Another step, and she was at the altar rail. She grabbed for it, desperate to stop herself, and felt a jolt of surprise and stomach-twisting relief when her fingers closed around the polished metal. She tightened her grip until it hurt, her knuckles turning white.
"And so when Don wouldn't gossip with you about your teammate's personal medical information, you figured you come ask me?"
Tony was suddenly very still, despite the tension Steve could feel in him. His hips jerked up once, as if the motion was involuntary, and he made another of those low moaning noises.
"Is something wrong?" That uneasy expression was not something Tony was used to seeing on Clint.
"Take heart, my friend," Thor said, clapping Tony on the shoulder again. "At least your child will be human. I'm sure he or she will be a most powerful warrior, as well."
Sin was lying motionless in the center of a ring of blackened and melted asphalt.  She looked dead.  Jan hoped the bitch was.  It was wrong, but—  She forced herself to look away, to ignore the sound of Doom ranting as SHIELD agents cuffed him and dragged him toward one of the waiting helicopters.
"Tony." Steve took a slow step towards him. "What's your status?"
His jaw still ached under his mask, the bruise where Van Dyne had struck him throbbing.  He would remember that offense as well.
Steve took a step forward into the room, intending to put a halt to this line of conversation before it went any further. Tony didn't need any reminders of that godawful mess with Immortus's mind control right now, not after spending most of a day in a semi-catatonic huddle because he'd been convinced that he had killed people. Steve himself preferred not to dwell on those few months either; for a brief but miserable period, they had all honestly thought that Tony had truly gone over the edge, had become a killer. He'd broken free of Immortus' hold in the end, just in time to help defeat him, but Steve had very nearly lost him forever.
Surviving trauma and disaster took strength, especially strength of will, but breaking once made people more likely to break again, not less so.
Steve raised his eyebrows. "Your point?"
He wasn't angry anymore, just tired, his head aching from the aftermath of too much emotion. "That went well, don't you think?" he asked Tony.
Wanda shook her head, wisps of hair flying around her face. "No, but I ought to be able to use it to disrupt the spell."
Don reclaimed his walking stick and used it to push himself to his feet; the nurse he’d managed to catch between patients had told him that Hank was in stable condition, that there hadn’t been any neurological damage, and the multiple organ failures they had been afraid might occur hadn’t happened, but he’d feel better if he could read Hank’s chart for himself.
"But you still think I was wrong," Tony said.
. Jan was always in control, always together, always strong. It was one of the things he had always admired about her.
He couldn't think of anything to say that didn't sound trite, so he just stood and crossed the room to her chair, bent down, and hugged her. "I'm just glad you're back," he repeated.
The white vapor completely filled the room now, hanging in the air like fog.
Deodato had a cell phone in his breast pocket. It was already turned on — connecting with it, transmitting to the armor's communication frequency, and putting the phone on speaker would take less than a minute, and then he could-
"I know. I want to do this without masks. I'm not marrying Iron Man; I'm marrying you. And anyway, the newspapers would go nuts over that."
"So," Tony said, voice very dry, "your entire sexual history with men consists of 'that one time you had pity sex with Jack Monroe?'"
"Pathetic."  Doom augmented whatever wizard's duel spells he was using with a blast of energy aimed directly at Strange's head.  "I expected more from the man whose spells have so inconvenienced me."
"I know," Steve managed to get in. Sam hadn't 'freaked.' Sharon hadn't. Bucky hadn't. Hank and Jan and Carol hadn't. Even Clint, despite Steve's initial worries, had reacted more to the fact that he was sleeping with Tony in particular than to the fact that he was in love with another man. Thor had narrowed his eyes and told him that the bond between warriors was a sacred thing, and he should be certain that he gave his trust and affections only to those who were worthy of it, and said nothing when he'd snapped back that Tony was worthy.
“Not everyone pays attention to your shield in the middle of a fight, Steve.  And even if I had, it wouldn’t have-  she was supposed to be dead.  I could see daylight through her ribcage.  She wasn’t supposed to be able to stab me.”
He stared down at the knife for a moment, then touched one surgical-glove-covered finger to its hilt, which had been cast to look like a coiled serpent. "Vomiting, headache, difficulty breathing... did he complain about his fingers going numb? Is the wound unusually swollen?"
Steve cut him off before he could get any further with his attempt at evasion. "I need to talk to you."
Well, that was significantly less dramatic than Clint had expected. "Are you sure?" he asked.
He bent down and kissed the lop-sided circle of metal in the middle of Tony's chest, pretending it wasn't hard and cold, that it didn't taste like metal. Tony shuddered underneath him, and Steve reached down and wrapped the fingers of one hand around Tony. It took a few moments to get the rhythm right -- it had been a long time since he had done this to anyone but himself -- and then Tony was gasping something Steve couldn't decipher, his eyes closed in what looked almost like pain, but which Steve knew was anything but.
All that trouble, for a project that hadn't been half as interesting as the last thing he'd worked on for SHIELD. Just the thought of the hours of arguing to come made him feel tired, the adrenaline he'd worked up already draining out of him. Maybe if he thought of himself as the Glenn Curtiss of the computing world, valiantly defending his aircraft designs against unfair patent suits, today would be less boring.
Doom was standing at the exact center of the crossroads where Broadway and 42nd Street met, a leather book open in one hand and the other flung out dramatically.  Beside him, Steve saw with a sinking feeling, was Loki.
"It wouldn't be the first time he's cheated death," he said, reluctantly. "It does seem unlikely, though."
Sam made a face at him, rubbing his chin, and said, "If you get last minute cold feet and try to run away to California like you did with Bernie, Hawkeye's just gonna send you right back. And he'll never let you live it down." His strike landed cleanly on Steve's right shoulder, and he rolled easily back to his feet when Steve grabbed onto his arm and used the momentum of the blow to throw him.
Of all of Magneto's rhetoric, that had been the one part she'd never had trouble believing.
"You two are sleeping together?" Sam demanded, his words overlapping with hers. "You do realize he's going to turn back into a guy eventually, right?"
Worse, he couldn't remember
"Well, you kind of don't."
"Agatha!" Wanda let the half-formed hex sphere vanish and pulled the older woman into a hug. "It's wonderful to see you. What brings you to New York?" The last she had heard, Agatha had gone back to Salem, leaving her crumbling Victorian townhouse empty. As far as she knew, Agatha hadn't even been aware that Wanda was on back on the East Coast.
Hank tapped the robot on the shoulder and then, when it swung around slightly to face him, punched it directly in its metal faceplate. Or at least, that's what he had intended to do.
"It doesn't affect her physiology when she's normal-sized," Cap said. "What do you mean, 'not exactly awake?'"
"No," she hissed again, through gritted teeth, as her knees hit the stone floor. She could feel sweat breaking out along her spine, hear her teeth grinding together.
"I'm glad I'm proving to be such a learning experience for everyone," Tony said. His newly husky voice was unfamiliar, but the sharp sarcasm in it was not.
doesn't even trust them to work safely right now." It had been Wanda herself who insisted that she not be sent in to the disaster site, claiming that she didn't trust her powers so close to central Manhattan.
Maya snorted. "Well, when you've worked yourself into some kind of collapse, don't come crying to me."
Jolted out of her reverie, Wanda looked up at him. "For what? I can't thank you enough. You probably saved my sanity."
"These seal me away from Chthon's power. As long as I wear them, he can't touch me unless I break the barrier between us myself."
Clint waved the idea away, his hand making a hard, jerky motion. "That was when we still thought it was just Wanda with amnesia, before we knew about Chthon." He looked away, down at his torn and grimy gloves. "He wasn't just influencing her by that point; he was controlling her completely." His hands clenched into fists, and his jaw tightened; he looked older, suddenly, more so than he actually was. "She didn't choose any of it, not even subconsciously. Chthon used her body to seduce me like some kind of, of Wanda-puppet. She doesn't even
Steve touched the end of his tongue to his torn lip; it was still bleeding sluggishly. He scrubbed the back of his hand across his mouth, trying to wipe the blood away.
After an impossibly long moment, Tony nodded. Then he collapsed to his knees, the joints of the armor rattling faintly, and sagged forward, one hand flat against the floor.
Don plucked the paper from Clint's hand and flattened it out, frowning at it. "Huh," he muttered. "He did go see a doctor. Good."
Steve threw his shield at the same moment that Clint loosed his arrow, already running forward as he did so.
" She could nearly hear Clint's shrug.
"—not entirely sure how to accomplish that," he was saying. "Stephen's always been able to ignore those little details. You weren't officially declared dead, and the police and SHIELD didn't really understand what happened in the first place, so there have been no legal charges, so your assets should still be in your name." He nodded at the doorway, and added, gently, "Your teammates are here."
He managed to wrench himself away from the flow of chaos magic just as his vision began to go dark around the edges. The mocking sound of Chthon's laughter followed him down into darkness.
"Man, are we lucky he gave you new access codes to his armor," Sam said, shaking his head slightly. "If he'd gone crazy like some of those people did, I don't even want to think about how much damage he would have caused."
Hurt. It ought to hurt. Had Vision felt pain when he'd been... when the Ultron Protocols had...
"No problem," Carol said. She planted her feet and slammed one fist into the edge of the hole Rhodey had burned through the door, breaking through another section of wood. "Want me to handle the press as well?"
"I guess that just slipped her mind."
He'd replaced his previous direct, real-time link to the Metropolitan Museum's security systems with a notification system, too, designed to go off if any alarms were triggered.
Clint was staring at her, his eyes slightly glazed. It might have been from fatigue, since he'd spent most of the past day leading Kang's elite personal guard on a chase across the rooftops of Manhattan, but Steve didn't think so.
Steve put down the boot he had been cleaning and went to the door. Tony's appointment with Strange must be over.
First there had been all the tests Hank, Don, and Strange had wanted to do, and then he had needed to speak to the board, and then the press, and then he'd had to look over the legal paperwork for one of the patent cases he was still fighting against SHIELD, and the lawsuit against the investor who had pulled his financial support from a project when Tony had been turned into a woman, which was thankfully being settled out of court. He could just imagine the judge's face otherwise, when Tony walked in, very obviously male, and gave his deposition.
"People were jumping out of windows and screaming and attacking stuff that wasn't there," Sam was saying. "She's not in her right mind right now. This isn't about you."
"I don't think I'll ever be clean again," Tony groaned, burying his face in his hands once more. "What's wrong with me anyway, Steve? Why do only creepy people want me? Morgan," he repeated, disgust heavy in his voice. "Norman Osborn will be trying to pick me up next."
The hallways and stairs blurred around him, and he distinctly heard at least one objet d'art shatter as he blasted by it.  It was probably rare, antique, and expensive, and would take hours' worth of negotiating with art dealers to replace; Tony ignored the sound, and flew faster.
He’d seen Tony look worse, but that had been before.
Clint couldn't think of any response to that that wasn't more immature than he was willing to be with anyone who wasn't Cap, so he went. Like Sam had said, they'd call him if Jan needed him, or if she and Tony suddenly got worse, or... And anyway, Cap wasn't going to let anything happen to them.
"Everybody makes mistakes, Tony."
For several endless moments, nothing had happened, and then something elsewhere in the mansion had exploded with a hollow boom.
Now that he had control of the situation, Steve realized, he didn't have the first clue what to do about it. None of this had been planned. Fantasized about, yes, but never planned.
Tony's lips curved in a familiar little half-smirk. "When you were a teenager, you wanted to grow up to paint WPA murals, didn't you?"
"—and then," Clint said, coming off the elevator a few minutes later with a bounce in his step, "he said that being turned into a living bomb was part of his father's dream. I hope he has a really
Where did Sin find these people?  This one was barely old enough to vote, and willing to shoot his fellows to death on her orders.
He wasn't sure which of them moved first. Probably himself; Tony seemed spellbound by the touch, lips parted slightly and expression serene, waiting.
"Carol," Wanda said, moving into the room. At least she looked uneasy, too. She was in civilian clothing, in dark colors, and her gloves were missing. The spiky black tattoos on the backs of her hands stood out in sharp relief, like a Shi-ar's facial markings.
A long moment of silence followed her knock, and the door failed to open. She raised her hand and hammered on the wood with her fist, and was considering kicking it when she finally heard the scrape of a bolt being drawn back, and a low murmuring that sounded like someone disarming a magical ward.
"Yeah, that's gonna help," Sam snorted. "Now you've got blood smeared all over your chin."
Clint shook his head, frowning.  There was a fresh bruise blooming on his cheekbone, a mirror image to the one on Wanda's face, and the eye on that side of his face was red and angry looking and probably about to start swelling shut.  One of the invaders must have gotten in a lucky punch.  "He wanted you specifically.  That can't be good."
people, his head cocked slightly to one side like he was committing every move they made to memory. "There was a man praying in the chapel there. He just lost it, went completely crazy and attacked us. I didn't," he hesitated. "I didn't hear him coming. There was this whispering, drowning everything out, like it was coming from everywhere at once."
Hank shook his head, the motion jerky. "I can't wear that costume again. I won't-"
Hank's voice sounded inside his head, slightly tinny the way voices filtered through both cellular connections and the Extremis always were.
Her powers flooded back into her, and she staggered to her feet, slamming up magical shields the way Agatha – the real Agatha – had taught her. "Get out of my head," she snarled. "And stay out."
"Do you think I cared about that? I admit, it never occurred to me that I'd have a chance with you before, but I didn't know you liked men until I heard about you and Hank, or that you'd ever thought of me that way, until you told me after that party." He stepped forward and took Tony by the arms, heedless of the screwdriver Tony was still holding. "Do you want me to prove it to you? Fine. I'll prove it to you."
Tony kept staring at him, eyes bright with unshed tears, seeing God knew what.
She shrugged. "I can put some protective sigils around it, but that's not really my specialty."
Hill gave him a flat stare. "You deliberately left yourself a back door into them, you mean." Then her expression softened slightly, taking on an uncertain quality that sat oddly on her.
Tony was out of sight now, the infirmary door having closed firmly behind him. Going in after him wouldn't contribute anything, Steve knew. He'd only be in the way.
Steve did not point out that that wasn't a very nice thing to say, but Tony had also learned long since to read
Clint held a hand up, cutting him off. "You don't have to rant at me; I sat through all those hearings, too. But I have to say, the more I hear about that program from you and Jan, the more I see why Steve was so freaked out by it." There were parts of it that sounded like a good idea, like giving superhumans some kind of official training, and locking supervillains up somewhere they couldn't escape from every other week, but they were vastly outnumbered by the blatantly horrible parts. Like pardoning Norman Osborn and putting him in charge of the Thunderbolts, which only someone heavily bribed with Oscorp money could ever think was a good idea.
"You have family here, too," Clint said. Mildly, because he wasn't the one holding the needle. "Some of them are upstairs in hospital beds."
Hank, at least, could explain why his various attempts to turn Tony back over the past twelve hours had failed, and every failure gave them more information on Tony's condition, and hopefully brought them closer to fixing it. Wanda, on the other hand, just frowned, stared at him, and performed a series of incomprehensible hand gestures, accompanied by muttered comments in English and Transian. Then nothing would happen, and she would do it again, with slightly different gestures and occasional flickers of pink light.
She was down there with Don, he reminded himself. It wasn't like he was going to be cornering her while she was alone. If she wanted him to leave, if being too close to him scared her or made her nervous, all she'd have to do was say so, and he'd be gone, twice as fast as Hank had left.
They probably would; Tony had figured out a way around worse problems before, or rather, Yinsen had done it for him. And then the surgeons who'd done his first heart surgery had, and then the sentient armor. And then Maya herself, after her first Extremis test subject had left Tony so smashed up that the Extremis was their only option to keep him from dying of internal injuries.
Peter shifted his weight from one foot to the other, feeling awkward. He didn't really feel comfortable speaking for Hank about this, not when Hank's solution was still a work in progress. "Maybe," he said, noncommittally. "He did think of something that we can do now, though. Somebody needs to get the Wasp to grow, because if she doubles her size-"
He was in a hospital, he realized. That made sense. And it would explain why he felt strangely weak and uncoordinated.
Hank's wrists jerked, the chains scraping against the wall.  "For christ's sake, I've explained this over and over."  The words burst out of him, not actually loud, but quick and intense enough that they might as well have been.  "Of course I was thinking about the consequences.  All the other options were worse.  The original supersoldier serum only ever worked properly on three people, and you don't want to know what happened to the others."  Hank's face twisted for a moment, something between a snarl and a silent, frustrated sob.  "Tony's Extremis virus has a ninety percent fatality rate. Testing that on human subjects would be committing murder in the name of science.  Cloning Thor was supposed to be the safer option, the one that wouldn't hurt anybody.  I didn't think it would be Thor, but I thought..." he swallowed hard, "at least we'd be creating life instead of destroying it."  He looked away, then, head bowed, and added, voice uneven, "No one was supposed to die."
Its presence could have been a coincidence, of course, but where chaos magic was concerned, very few things were.
He didn't have time to rehash the "Tony isn't good enough for you" argument right now. Not when Tony was this upset. Tony had a bad habit of doing stupid things when he was upset. "Yes, Sam," Steve snapped, "I'm a battered wife." Sam's expression shifted from concerned to annoyed, and Steve immediately felt bad; Sam had done nothing to merit being snarled at. "I asked for it," he elaborated. "I know better than to shake people awake from nightmares." Sam would understand that; Steve knew he'd accidentally clocked his friend at least once, when his own nightmares periodically resurfaced.
It didn’t matter.  He was alive, and mostly in one piece, and Steve could yell at him later.
Tony raised his eyebrows. "Is that a challenge?"
Steve raised his eyebrows. "I thought you didn't like non-representational art."
Steve reached a hand out instinctively, wanting to erase that look from Tony's face.
"Cap," Wanda interrupted, "if you had actually told Tony that he couldn't be Iron Man because he was pregnant, I would have had to hit you on behalf of all women everywhere. I stayed in costume until I was eight months pregnant." She looked away, staring down at the grass, and Steve tried and failed to think of something to say.
Tony snorted. "Not when it's people gluing baby dolls to trashcans and claiming it represents something deep and meaningful."
There were things he ought to be doing, Steve knew.  He still hadn’t been formally debriefed, he needed to find out Hank’s status, not to mention Peter’s and Luke’s, and the city was undoubtedly in an uproar right now.
and I have to take medication that won't work if I grow to Giant-Man or Goliath size and will kill me if I shrink, he thought. He didn't say it, because the whole topic was an uncomfortable one, for himself more than anyone else. It was humiliating to have to sit on the sidelines because he couldn't function like a normal person without medication, and hadn't figured out how to keep the levels of it in his bloodstream stable while shrinking.
"He always does Gene Kelly songs, even though he's really too big to dance like that. He does pretty well for the first minute or so, but then he always ends up tripping over his own feet. I think he gets embarrassed by the imaginary audience in his head." And, all right, she'd just as good as admitted that she'd been spying on Steve's training sessions for years, but really, who could blame her?
The unrelenting ache made him feel vaguely nauseous, but at least the flashing lights in his vision and the breathless tightness in his chest had stopped; that and the sudden rush of airless dizziness that had nearly put him on the floor had been what had persuaded him to go to Maya. Thor had been right — whatever was wrong with the Extremis, with him, could be incredibly dangerous if it struck during the middle of a fight.
"I can feel him whispering," Wanda said, softly, her voice eerily calm. "But only when I stand here."
Knowing it was stupid even as he did it, Steve glanced over at Tony.  He wasn't moving, his armor still silent and dark, and-
"There's no arguing that." The wind stung her exposed skin, and her fingers were slowly going numb; she lost heat faster at this size. "I've tried suggesting that Thor call her. He won't listen to me or to Sam or Wanda, or even to Cap. Neither will Don." Now that Victor von Doom was involved in the situation, the odds against them had worsened considerably. A chaos deity ace-in-the-hole no longer seemed like such a bad idea; even Hank was willing to reconsider working with her.
And Chthon would destroy all of them, and she would be powerless to stop him, because remaking the world to set everything right again would consume all the power she held.
Clint pulled the phone away from his mouth and turned slightly to face the rest of them. "No, he's an evil Chaos deity. It would be his left hand."
"I didn't think so."
ooOOoo
The center of his breastplate was scorched, the red metal discolored in an odd, rippling pattern.  It didn't rub off when he touched it, the marks somehow burned into the metal itself.  Steve tried to fit his fingers around the seam at the side of the breastplate, then the one on the opposite side, with absolutely zero success.  There had to be a way to get it off; Tony wouldn't design something that didn't have a manual override, no matter how much he liked to use the Extremis for everything.
The smoke swallowed them, diffusing the two beams of energy into a broad, glowing cloud, then parted, revealing Harkness still chanting, completely untouched. Her eyes had begun to glow white, the way Wanda's had when Chthon had possessed her.
"I wanted to serve my country, and I knew that if I were completely open and forthcoming about certain aspects of myself, I wouldn't be able to. Things were different then; I don't know if I would make the same decision now."
Without any input from her, Wanda's hands began unfastening her seatbelt, and she found herself collecting her coat and a carry-on bag she didn't remember packing, and standing.
Steve jerked himself upright at the sound of Wanda’s voice, the world lurching around him for a moment.  No blood.  Not on his hands, or the floor, or the sheets.  And Doom was locked away securely in the Helicarrier’s cells, though unfortunately not for long.
Bucky nodded, once, offering Steve a flash of the old, fierce grin that made him look younger, more like the kid Steve remembered; a 'we' from Sharon included him, now. He and Sharon had belonged to such different parts of Steve's life, until he'd woken up to discover the two of them had formed a relationship of their own without him.
There was a faint thump, and a scratching noise from the window, and Steve looked up to see Redwing landing on the sill. The heavy, sick feeling in his chest lightened just a little; it wasn't much, but it was nice to know that Sam would be there for him if he needed it.
"Are you okay-" Rhodey started, sitting down next to him.
It had been a very, very long day. Why couldn't Clint have picked a different night to have one of his periodic crises of confidence over his leadership abilities or perceived lack thereof? And why did the lust spell have to involve
There was a moment of silence while to two of them looked at each other. Clint didn't feel any different, but then, how could he be sure? Cap didn't seem all that different, either, but a few years ago, he would never have started sleeping with Tony. Or maybe he would have. Clint preferred not to think about it that hard.
It would be dangerous to let herself rely on that comfort too heavily. She had run to Strange for protection from Chthon, and now Strange was unconscious on the Night Nurse's exam table, and he had had the knowledge and abilities to defend himself from a being like Chthon. Cap and the other Avengers had only second-hand experience with magic. If Chthon broke free, all Cap and Clint and Simon would be able to do if they stood against him was die. Again.
She had killed Vision. Her magic had infected his body with the Ultron Protocols and literally torn him apart.
"Get out of my way!" Hank yelled at Atlas, shoving himself back to his feet with a wince Tony could see even from twelve feet up in the air.
Actually, given that they were probably being watched, "The mansion must be in ruins.  When the others get here, Sin and Doom are going to regret that."  She raised her voice.  "You hear that, Mister Man in the Iron Mask?  You and Nazi Barbie are going to regret this."
Steve left Tony shrugging out of his shirt and went to get him dry clothes. He'd seen Tony naked before, but that had been before the artificial heart. He'd just drop the clothes off and then give Tony some privacy to get showered and changed.
Sam nodded. "If there are any medical emergencies, Ms. Marvel, War Machine, and I can fly them down."
He rubbed his head and side blissfully against Tony's ankles as the elevator started to descend, looking up at Steve with a smug expression in his huge blue eyes. '
"I agree with Cap-" Tony started.
Monitor duty had never been Hank's favorite part of being an Avenger, but since he was off the active duty list for the foreseeable future (or at least, until he could find a way to balance chemicals in the bloodstream while shrinking, which was theoretically possible but not something he was entirely prepared to risk death-by-mood-stabilizer-overdose to test), he'd decided that there was no time like the present to get used to it, and had volunteered to handle communications while Tony was out of town.
That had been before, though.
"Has Tony or Steve told you you should have gone back? Because if they have, I will hurt them."
"Steve," Tony interrupted, "clothes."  Naked, bent in an athletic crouch with his shield in one hand, Steve was a sight to strike awe into the heart of an intruder, but he was also completely vulnerable to enemy weapons fire.  His leather and scale mail wouldn't stop bullets, or even slow them appreciably, but it would at least blunt the impact of one of Sin's poisoned daggers.
"Once I shower, I'll still have twenty minutes before Pepper comes looking for me," he said, smiling at Steve. "I'm going to see if there's anything to eat in the kitchen. Want to come?"
He was very carefully avoiding thinking about the body parts he was missing; he wasn't ready to deal with that yet. He was that never going to be ready to deal with that.
"Don't stay down here too long," Jan said.
Tony wasn't going to hold this conversation with his back to Steve. He reached out, grabbed Tony by the shoulder — the solid bone and muscle beneath his fingers felt healthy, part of his mind noted, normal — and jerked him around. "What kind of damage?"
If Tony had broken under pressure before, he could do so again, and Tony was under an awful lot of pressure right now.
Glitter?   Steve very carefully decided not to contemplate why one would want to  wear eye make-up and glitter to a night club, much less why Tony would  know about it.  "It's a jazz club," he said instead.  "MJ told us at  breakfast that she was going to be singing there tonight.  If you'd  actually been at breakfast instead of at work, you'd know."
"He used me to destroy the Avengers. How much did I..." she trailed off, then tried again. "Is everyone that's... left... okay?"
"Accidents happen," Clint said. He rubbed one hand against his thigh, raising a small puff of dust. "Sometime the best you can do is damage control."
“I can check for that,” she blurted out.  “Now that I don’t have to worry about Chthon’s presence and the spear’s influence distorting any attempt to work magic, it would be simple.  There’s barely any ambient chaos left in the city right now.”
All right, this was not good. Jan--and presumably Tony as well--were out there somewhere dealing with an unknown toxin and a bunch of compromised civilians that they couldn't afford to fight back against. And to make things worse, Jan had been exposed to whatever it was.
"No, Nurse," Clint glanced quickly at the woman's name tag, "McCall. We're not. But Jan's ex-husband isn't here yet, and Tony doesn't have any relatives." He paused, "Well, except for some cousin who tried to kill him once, but I don't think they're on speaking terms. So we're the best you've got."
Looked like a
"Another warehouse."  That had looked an awful lot like this warehouse, right down to the brick walls and metal ceiling beams.  "Or maybe a different part of this one.  The ceiling looks familiar."
He was going to need more arrows.
Clint pushed himself up onto one elbow, wrapping the other arm around his chest and curling in on himself.  "Give me a minute," he wheezed.  He flicked one hand vaguely at the battle still raging around them.  "Go help... someone."
The stones of Asgard were stronger than the mortal brick and mortar of the Avengers Mansion.  Let her bring her new allies with her; it would avail her not.  Here, Thor had allies of his own, allies less fragile than his mortal teammates, who were but a single shout away.
"Not anymore," Tony purred, and wrapped his arms around Hank's neck, the way Indres always had when she was trying to be seductive - the memory of her was almost enough to completely kill the tingling in his chest and groin, and he quickly pressed another kiss to the side of Hank's jaw, feeling rough blond stubble scrape across his lips and erase the lingering ghosts of her touch.
Doom, know that we will make you regret invading this place."
She narrowed her eyes at Wanda. "Tony feels guilty about what happened to you. He's clearly overcompensating. Thor wasn't here to see what you did. Steve forgives everyone, eventually." Even Tony, who had fought with him so bitterly. Even Sharon Carter, who had shot him – not intentionally, true, but a lot of men wouldn't have seen past the fact of the bullet. "But I don't understand Clint forgiving you. Not after what you did to him. I don't see how he can stand to be in the same room as you." That, even more then the rest of this, made no sense. In her experience, men were more likely to shrug off being taken sexual advantage of than women were; she'd known at least a half a dozen guys in the Air Force who'd had sex they didn't remember while drunk, and the greatest source of trauma – that they'd admitted to, anyway – seemed to be the women involved's lack of perceived attractiveness. But Clint had been visibly upset, when he'd told her about it, afraid he'd taken advantage of Wanda, blaming himself for not resisting, for not bringing her back with him. And yet he hadn't said a word against allowing her to come back.
"Some blueprints and computer models," Tony said, after a pause. He didn't sound particularly enthusiastic, which meant whatever it was probably didn't explode, break the sound barrier, pioneer a new computer operating system, or do anything else particularly interesting, at least by Tony's standards.
"I know they don't tell the future." Clint shrugged, vaguely embarrassed. "I used to work in a carnival." And he'd been up close and personal with demons and gods and magic far more times than anybody should have to be since then. Fortune telling might be ninety percent fakery and telling people what they wanted to hear and ten percent actual mysticism, but getting three sinister-looking cards over and over again couldn't possibly mean anything good.
All things considered, he preferred arrogantly-sure-he-was-right, it's-all-my-responsibility-let-me-decide-FOR-you Tony to apologetic, broken Tony. It was just wrong to see Tony unsure of himself.
Steve gave him a stern look, presumably meant to convey that he was Captain America and that Tony ought to be taking this much more seriously, and furthermore, that he was not secretly snickering over the shield comment at all. Then he turned to Ben, face and voice appropriately serious.
Don's expression went flat. "Oh."
"Now be a good girl," the-thing-that-was-not-her-aunt told her, "and lock the door."
"When I won't consider an option, there's usually a reason for that," Steve said dryly.
"No, I don't."  Sam straightened up from his weary slouch against the wall.  "I'll go check the rest of the building, see if there are any of them left.  Thor?"
One of Maya's shoulders twitched up in a shrug, and she looked away, addressing the deck planking somewhere between Tony and Sharon. "It was subtle at first, too minor for either of us to notice when we scanned you after you hacked the Mandarin's rings, but the damage has spread. The healing factor that was supposed to be its original purpose is no longer functioning properly; you're damaging your body whenever you use the Extremis to interface with anything other than your armor, and its healing factor is so reduced in capacity that it's overloaded, and the strain of continually trying to repair your body is only adding to the stress on your system." She looked back up, directly into Tony's face, and he could already anticipate what she was going to say next. The way he'd had to struggle to get his breath back after exercising, the pain in his chest. That fluttery feeling, like the cyborg heart beating arrhythmically as its battery ran down.
Problems didn't go away just because you wanted them to. Eventually, you always had to accept that they were there, and deal with them.
He had, Steve reflected, just told a god to be on his best behavior. Thor was not likely to take kindly to that at the moment, not where Loki was involved.
"Sorry, Daddy," she mumbled, rolling to the side to avoid a burst of gunfire. She should have known better than to trust a contact made after so long a stretch of silence. Sin reached into her pocket and triggered Doom's teleportation device.
He turned to go, and Steve didn't stop him.
"I keep telling people that," Hank said.
Then again, she'd forgiven Tony and the rest of the Avengers, too.
"No." Tony shook his head, the hard ridges of the scale mail scraping against his cheek. Then, again, more forcefully. "No. Don't leave."
Clint, Hank, Steve, and Tony all obediently lifted their shot glasses full of diet coke and drained them. Jan's glass stayed on the floor in front of her, untouched.
Wanda, in the process of spreading a blanket over Clint, looked over at Steve with a faint smile. "I'm not taking his boots off," she said, and shook her head, long hair falling over one shoulder. "Jarvis will just have to cope with shoes on the furniture."
It probably would have ended up with Steve's ears, poor kid. And unmarried parents, and more media attention than any child should ever have to experience.
Tony was smiling as well, a small, satisfied curve of his lips that Steve suspected had little to do with their conversation and everything to do with good sex. "Whatever caused it, I'm glad it's happening now instead of two months ago. We'd never have gotten the SHRA repealed."
"Oh, would you mind?" Wanda set up straight, feeling a rush of something almost like relief. She couldn't discuss her worries about Tony and their lack of progress in breaking Loki curse with Strange or Clea, not when Strange was already quietly but visibly irritated at their inability to break the spell. It was woven closely enough into Tony's body that simply snapping it by brute force might hurt him, and of course, now that Tony was pregnant, any further interference with the spell that kept him bound into a female body was out of the question until the pregnancy had been safely ended.
Steve shook his head. "Only the first few pages, but that's enough to get the picture."
"Then kneeling to that idiot? Anything would be." He reached out and placed one mailed hand over hers — accounting for his gauntlet, their hands were nearly the same size. That failed to be as off-putting as it perhaps ought to have been; power, in any form, was always more attractive than weakness. "Give me the spear, and when I have ascended to godhood, I will face Chthon at your side. Once we have sealed him away from this realm once more, we can kill Thor together and rule Valhalla and the earth itself as king and queen."
"I shouldn't," Steve muttered, unable to help himself. "The economy is more important."
Steve caught him before he could slam his head against the floor.
Nobody had died, and nobody had been possessed, so even though the hospital was keeping Simon overnight and Vision had taken himself offline for repairs, they were all counting it as a success.
"Tony?" Jan was hovering by the table now - figuratively, in this instance, not literally. "What happened? I saw the two of you talking to Harry Saunders. Was he hitting on you?" She shook her head, making a face. "Stay away from him. He's a jackass. He tries to pick up women at parties because nobody can stand to talk to him unless large amounts of alcohol are involved."
Tony had beat a hasty retreat as well, declining the offer to remove the armor or even just take off his helmet, and the Falcon had pulled Steve aside for a low-voiced conversation that involved lots of emphatic hand gestures, which left Jan staring at Hank.
Tony crawled forward, moving with an easy grace he hadn't displayed while sparring, until he was straddling Steve's thighs once more. He picked up Steve's hand and settled it back over his breast, breath catching as Steve automatically rubbed a thumb over his nipple. "Does this feel male to you?" he asked.
"After you and Cap's stupidity, everyone here's probably pretty tired of fighting fellow Avengers," Clint offered, after a moment of silence.
He was going to finish his book, and then he was going to go to bed.
She shook her head, waving one hand in a negative motion as if Clint could see her. "Okay, you know what, I'm giving the phone to Cap now."
"Gladly," Carol said.
The rest of the team — minus Thor and Carol — were waiting in the front hallway. Sam and Jan were already in costume, and Clint, whose costume didn't entirely fit under his clothes, was sitting at the bottom of the steps, pulling on one purple boot. His mask lay crumpled on the stair next to him, waiting.
"What is wrong with you?" he asked, not bothering to mince words. It was not the question he had meant to ask, but he could feel Don's wary, unwilling concern in the back of his mind. The idea of confronting a man when he was weakened and visibly unwell sat ill with him.
"That wouldn't solve anything." All the lawsuits Stark Industries' legal department could dream up wouldn't change people's attitudes. According to an unspecified number of parents whose children attended PS 58, an 'openly gay' superhero was not family friendly enough to be involved in their after school art program for struggling students.* Steve suspected — hoped — that only one or two people had actually complained, but apparently even one concerned and angry parent had been enough.
To do it right. His jaw ached with the effort to suppress his fury, to avoid simply charging into the kitchen and confronting Hank face to face, as a warrior ought. Mortal society was not Valhalla, and disputes among comrades were not settled with violence.
Steve said nothing to this, just waved Tony ahead of him toward the door. He was probably tired of hearing about the HP lawsuit, if not half as tired of it as Tony was. He hadn't stolen anyone's designs. He'd analyzed their tablet computer, figured out the basic principles behind it, and designed a completely different – and more importantly, actually functional – piece of technology around the same basic concept. That was going to completely dominate the market as soon as he released it, and end SI's dependence on military contracts and thus the last remnants of Koening's hold on him.
Thor folded his own arms across his chest and glared sternly at her reflection. "The last time you and I spoke, you threatened to rip my eye out."
Even out here, the air was thick with plaster dust, enough so that Carol could actually taste it against the back of her throat when she breathed in.  It was nearly as bad as the collapsing skyscraper had been.  She blinked, hard, and wished for half a moment that her costume had flight goggles.
"I do," Jan said. If she hadn't before, she would have after today, after seeing how desperately uncomfortable merely putting a costume - any costume - on again had made him. After seeing him suit up again despite that, because the team needed him. "I know you're trying, Hank. I meant it, when I said you did a good job today." She smiled at him, and it only felt a little forced. "It's always nice seeing someone cut Atlas down to size. Last time we fought him, the Falcon managed to take him down single-handedly, with only his pet bird for help, but I was busy with Zemo, so I don't know how he did it."
"Drop it!" Wanda shouted.   "You saw what it did to Strange."   She was holding a chunk of shrapnel like a knife, her face covered in a smear of soot.
The doors started to slide closed. Moments before they shut completely, the cat came dashing through them, a low streak of orange fur.
"This morning," Tony began, "before A.I.M. sent us the ultimatum, I was going to ask..." he trailed off, then began again, "They finished construction on the bottom floor of the mansion yesterday. The decorators haven't been there yet, and there's still construction work going on in the east wing and on the roof, but it's livable again. If you don't mind a little hammering in the background, I mean."
There aren't enough words in the dictionary for how bad an idea that is."
They were supposed to have been discussing hiring Rhodey on as a contractor to help perform some tests on SI's newest aircraft designs. Those discussions, and anything else even approximating doing any kind of work, had stopped instantly the moment Tony had announced his and Steve's decision.
Tony had been quick to point out that it had only been one wing of Madison Square Garden, and that the damage was probably not structural. He'd repeatedly the 'probably' part one too many times for Steve to actually believe him, though.
If they hadn’t been in the infirmary, with Tony being cut up and stitched back together right there in the next room, and if Sharon and Carol hadn’t intervened, he would have ended up having a shouting match with Sam right there in the infirmary bay.  And Sam hadn’t needed that, no matter how much Steve wanted to impress on him exactly how suicidally stupid he’d been.
No wonder his presence had felt so sharp, so bright. He'd been real, the only real thing she had seen or touched in ages.
"No one. I'm not-" He couldn't think of how to explain this to Bobbi. It was too humiliating and disgusting to blurt out the details to Clint's wife. "Just get me Hank, okay? I need Hank."
"I assumed he'd changed it!" Steve said defensively. It was insane for Tony not to have, to leave such a massive weak point in his defenses. He must have forgotten about it, ludicrous as that sounded. He had been juggling a lot of different things then, and he might have just overlooked that detail.
"No," Jan said. "I know what that's like. You used to have a crush on her, and then she betrayed us, and the fact that part of you wanted to forgive her just because she was staring at you with those big blue eyes and looking all wounded made you even angrier."
There was a single piece of paper in the middle of the drafting board, one edge damp and distinctly chewed-looking. "I bet this was important, too." Clint tried to flatten it out with his free hand, with limited success, and the writing on it caught his eye.
"No," Steve said, to both of them. "I'm not sure. But I'll do it. Tell Jameson we'll give the interview together."
She couldn't use her stingers at full size, but Byrne didn’t know that.
Tony closed his eyes, face twisting. "I'm pregnant," he blurted out.
There were strands of dark hair sticking to Tony’s forehead.  Steve carefully brushed them back, Tony’s skin cool and clammy under his fingers.  At least he didn’t have a fever.
His head still ached dully, his left temple and eye throbbing sharply in warning any time he tried to access anything other than the armor. It hadn't been this bad in months, not since those first few days after the fight with the Mandarin and Red Skull. It might possibly be worse now — he'd nearly keeled over in SE's boardroom yesterday, something that would have been a high point in personal humiliation not equaled since he'd stopped drinking.
A second pair of repulsor blasts proved equally ineffective.
When it finally broke, both Don's legs gave way and he sagged against Hank's three-times-larger-than normal knee.  Hank grabbed for him, and managed to only jar his injured leg twice in the process of lowering him to the floor.
Tony gritted his teeth and tried for reasonableness.  Maybe Steve was right to want him out of the field, but that didn't mean he had to be completely useless.  "Then I won't.  But that doesn't mean I need to be stuck here.  The security system-"
"I know. I left it on your desk. Did you eat anything else?"
Steve had believed him. Why hadn't he done something more quickly? Even with everything else that had been happening, mind-control being used against one's teammates was never something to ignore. "Tony, you didn't actually start drinking again. That wasn't you. And you had nothing to do with Wanda going over the edge."
How useful would one of his old Ant-Man helmets be without the ability to shrink down and interact with ants on their own level, anyway? The frequencies would still work, even if he and the helmet were at full size...
"Go call and check on your boyfriend," Sam said, giving Steve a knowing look that implied that he was on to Steve's true purpose and that it didn't include asking SHIELD for tactical updates.
Hank had vivid memories of that longbow, and the thumb-thick arrows Clint had played around with before he'd decided that being Goliath was more trouble than it was worth and stopped taking Pym particles. He'd never gained the ability to produce them biologically the way Hank, Jan, Scott, and Bill had, anyway.
"Someone just tripped a perimeter alarm." Tony accessed the video feed from the security camera closest to the breach, and frowned as he pulled up the image; Sharon Carter was crouching in the shadows by the newly-restored wrought iron fence. Next to her, his arm slung over her shoulders in a way that indicated to Tony that she was bearing at least some of his weight, was the Winter Soldier. Both of them were armed, non-SHIELD-issue guns drawn and ready.
It was a pointless question – Thor wanted Hank and Tony to have not cloned him, obviously, because apologies didn't erase things, any more than explanations did. He wasn't going to lay out the whole sorry story of blackmail and coercion and choosing the least terrible option; extenuating circumstances didn't change what had happened, what they had done, and trying to justify themselves would be an insult. Thor would see it that way, anyway. And Hank was tired of explaining his actions to people hell-bent on putting the worst interpretation possible on them. It was useless anyway. 'We had no choice,' wouldn't bring Bill back. 'I'm sorry,' wouldn't undo taking Thor's DNA and creating a monster with it. It wouldn't change how easily they had been manipulated into building a superweapon for the very people they had been trying to control.
"Well, I'd say it's working out for you." Morgan turned to Tony and held out one perfectly manicured hand. "Morgan Stark. Where ever did Rhodes find someone as delightful as you?" Then, to Rhodey, "I see you haven't introduced us. Afraid I'll steal her away from you?"
"Hate magic. I know."
stop me? You, a half-trained child?" Harkness shook her head, the mildly disapproving gesture ludicrously incongruous coming from a blazing-eyed avatar of chaos. "Such ingratitude. And after all the lengths I went to to get Loki to prepare me a second vessel of chaos magic in order to spare your life."
Clint obediently let her usher him to an exam table. "So," he said. "Do I get to have the hot, blonde nurse stitch me up, or do I have to settle for a grumpy doctor?"
She had had some vague thought of comforting him, and then... things were hazy after that, but she remembered feeling satisfied afterwards that she had, indeed, managed to distract Clint, to make him smile.
Important business was going to be transacted at that party. Deals would be made, information would be exchanged, and prospective business partners would be quietly sounded out. As much business got done in this town over drinks and seemingly casual conversation at parties and on golf courses as ever did in the boardroom. He had already let himself fall out of the loop by not going to the right handful of bars anymore - to any bars - or meeting the right people for drinks. He couldn't afford to start missing major social functions on top of it, especially not right now.
They’d saved the world and almost died – actually died, in his case – and had damn well earned the right to dance with whomever they wanted.  Or would have, if that was something that had to be earned.
