“It’s in your back pocket,” Sherlock informs her making his entrance sipping from John’s tea mug, looking much more civilized.
"Rest assured, Mr. Holmes, I will, or at least, you'll want me to, once I'm done with you. As you've already been made aware, I don't kill anyone without first giving them what's due. And I have something else in mind for you," she says.That wasn't good enough. Anderson would probably write it off as roleplay or something equally stupid. Feeling ill at the words, he retracts, the floor slanting on its axis. What does she intend to do exactly? She can't be keeping him alive just to have sex with him... can she?
The chimera smirks to himself and settles on the floor with his newly-won trophy, a circle of dust unfurling around them. He cups the cadaver with a forearm beneath the shoulder blades and rests its back against the sand delicately, taking in its bland features. He absently trails his thumb under its blanched lip as he contemplates, thoroughly mesmerized, tail curving around and thumping against the sand contently.
“Oh,” he remarks with carefree nonchalance, like he’d casually forgotten about their alleged matrimony, but considers it forgivable because it wasn’t really that important anyway, “I think there was a long conversation about tax evasion or something. John must’ve seen things my way.”
Sherlock looks frustrated. “John.. Don’t you feel me? I’m real,” his fingers harden on his wrist uncontrollably, like he's at the end of his rope.
Sherlock rolls his eyes in incredulity and lifts his head. “Don’t be silly,” he says in exasperation and corrects her emotively, “He hates your
"If you adored me," Sherlock says mockingly (since there was no shortage of maturity here), "You wouldn't be
The evident truth that belies all these actions: John Watson has decided to partake in intensely passive-aggressive practice of angst dishwashing, as patented by his fellow flatmate and co-parent, Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock removes his hand from his and abandons his seat beside John, leaving the place where he touched vacant and cold. The comment hangs unanswered until it grows stale in the air. It was in vain that he'd hoped mentioning it would not kill the moment and interrupt the short-lived, blissful calm.
The hallway of the second level is essentially all dark, the doorway to upstairs bedroom sealed closed and preventing most light entry. Cloaked in duskiness, Sherlock is impatiently leaning next to the doorway to the upstairs bedroom, unable to contain himself. He hates waiting.
“Taking me outside in broad daylight. Pretty bold,” he remarks at the spurts of water, cascading from tier to tier until they pool at the base.
Sherlock blinks up at the wall, then sideways to Mary, who blinks back at him. There is an unspoken consensus, that this cannot be explained.
Whereas it's a struggle for Sherlock to understand her, she finds him remarkably easy to read. It's a delight to witness how transparently his face betrays him despite his best efforts, and great sport to watch him slowly break apart under the weight of his own convictions. He expects himself to handle it coolly and rationally when really it's absurd to think he even could. He tries to convince himself what's happening is merely injurious to his body and not to his mind, which he holds in such esteem it doesn't occur to him that it can break too, that it's no more immune to torture than his body is.
"And stay away from Eurus, please, if you know what's good for you,” Mycroft pleads with him on his way out, “She is extremely dangerous."
John scoffs, almost-comically affronted. “Why should I be jealous you look like you fell into a wind turbine?” he retorts.
“Let’s find out, then,” Sherlock murmurs with his voice velvet and eyes smitten. His hands are pressing up on the small of his back, pinning his jumper and checkered shirt in like drapery, tilting him back an inch.
“Yes, why?” Sherlock smirks to himself, drawing a jar of strawberry jam out of the deceptive container.
“Talking to you is kind of like talking to the drug addict Wiggins,” Mary says, watching Sherlock trying to piece together where Mary came from, or why, in fact, her name is Mary.
"If I have to marry you so that you can never again give me crap about standing down when your life is at stake, then so help me I will," John said, no less content about their current predicament than the last sixteen iterations of this happening.
He leans on the counter after retching up the non-existent contents of his stomach and glares at his reflection in the mirror, judging his transport for its rampant failings.
He watches the detective's shadow play by the door as the he paces, attempting to subdue his stormy thoughts, which John knows he will only let fester and torment himself with. After a long stretch, he somehow, reluctantly, tears his eyes away.
His part-coy-part-not stare runs over its lioness pose, with arms beneath its torso, all white skin. Its lower body rests against the rock the way a woman might sit on a picnic blanket, legs bent aside, flank tilted up against the press of cement so that the curve of hipbone becomes pronounced. And somehow, despite the distance he has put between them, John can see its supernatural green eyes leering at him, varying in intensity like starlight. The creature is terrifying, granted, but also extremely beautiful. Realizing that he’s having difficulty breathing, John looks away and closes his mouth.
Sherlock, trekking across the expanse of glimmering hardwood with his hands in his trouser pockets, passes Nigel by and encounters the elusive Mr. Davenport, whom piques his interest.
“Do I look like an idiot to you?” Sherlock asks back, pointing at himself, “If John finds out about this
“How does that work?” John says, Sherlock’s non-tie introducing itself to John’s crew-neck as his starchy dress-shirt smoothes against John's corded jumper. John’s breathing in blood and formaldehyde masked by disinfectant, and Sherlock’s breathing in disinfectant and latex masked by bleach. John feels the square of nicotine gum lining Sherlock’s breast pocket and the prominence of his ribcage filling out and in, whereas Sherlock feels the buttons of John’s collar shirt beneath the layer of his jumper, lining down to the rectangular sharpness of his belt clasp.
“You’re liable to get yourself killed without me,” John mutters under his breath, glowering his thinly-disguised envy out the window.
"You're so innocent," she says like its something remarkable and Sherlock scowls, not knowing what she means by it.
Sherlock stares back at her in a daze of confusion. Slowly, his eyes travel to the chessboard she’s referring to on the table.
"Don't give me that look," Sherlock says in reprimand, though his eyes are trained on the keys as his fingers dance along them, not on John.
“I’ve been diagnosed with psychosis. Honestly, what are the chances that you’re real?” there’s a sort of hopeless, despairing laughter beneath his words. If figments had feelings, it'd be cruel.
The next thing he notices is what’s become of his attacker, lying over sideways on the white tile with the contents of his skull blown out. It takes him a moment to piece it together, seeing the semiautomatic in the man’s left hand.
"You don't have a clue what you're talking about," John has decided, unequivocally. If Sherlock were any good at reading emotions, he would have noticed the glaring, neon danger sign on John's face, but he isn't, so he doesn't.
in everything I told Janine regarding the guests at the wedding and on and on etc (excluding that tiny little white lie at the end which hardly counts and you know it so if you would kindly get over that?) and, ultimately, did the same tactics not also happen to work marvelously well on you when I was
" Oh please. This isn't the most tenacious delusion he's had, but it certainly is the most melodramatic.
Just when he was starting to consider the possibility that perhaps he was being over-paranoid, Mycroft showed up from his luxury tinted-window car at ten o’clock on the mark, and Sherlock realized that no, he didn’t like this at all. Because then John came out with a bag of useless edibles and some hardware including drywall (had he really damaged the fuse box that badly when he shot it?) and bumped into Mycroft, despite the fact Mycroft had something on the order of 24 different bodyguards
“Indeed,” he concurs with Mary’s statement about John’s mood, turning on his heel and taking off as he speaks.
Sherlock growls, tetchy, gaze flickering aside. “Blast.” he says, then he retorts temperamentally, decisively pointing his index finger into the ground, “I want her
Sherlock’s only-human gaze is affected with latent tenderness, but he doesn’t falter. “I gather,” he responds, “that this is one of those ‘beautiful moments’ but I have a wedding to get to so—”
"How would you like it if someone asked you to hand over your medical license John? Hm?" John opens his mouth, then closes it. "Not very, yes, I thought as much." he says, then "I'd sooner start cutting off digits than have my cases taken."
Only when John had said "Yes," back, mistaking his taunt for a real answer, had the smugness been wiped off his face. They both had suffered mild panic attacks after the fact. But all for naught apparently, since other than that he now enjoys some authority over what suicidal maneuvers Sherlock conducts with his life (kind of), and despite him having some difficulty explaining to women how he accidentally married his flatmate, marriage didn't exactly change much.. or anything, really. He supposes if anyone could turn marriage to a sexless, non-committal, virtually nonexistent thing, then it's the irreverent Sherlock Holmes.
in jail right now," he taunts him in a voice that makes Sherlock shiver, pulling Sherlock back by the upper arm so that he can talk directly into his ear.
"I should have known," he sighs tiredly, like this whole ordeal was nothing more than a nuisance, an exasperation, a colossal waste of time. "I should have known. It's so obvious now. I was a fool to think of you as anything otherwise."
"Sorry, sir, couldn't stop him," Donovan apologizes in the entryway. Lestrade looks at her with a beleaguered, why-me face. "Should I have used force?" she asks, uncertain.
The brunet parts his lips and runs a thumb over the line of incisors, marvelling at the sad state of his canines— almost non-existently small and only in one set, while the merperson knows himself have eight and four additional smaller ones, and the wounded shark overhead to wield well over three-hundred.
“I think…” Sherlock trails as John’s eyes make their way in small, shy increments, up to his. “…you’re mistaken.” He says, his voice is too silver and the smile on his lips too sinful, there’s practically a warning label typeset on his face, but John unfortunately is too much a sucker for handsome sociopaths not to eat it up, complacently pliant under those intoxicating, snake-charmer eyes.
"Stop!" he yells, His own voice sounds strangely as though she'd been actually, physically torturing him, as if she'd been casually snapping the bones of his fingers one by one waiting for him to crack.
“No I left mine down here, somewhere…” Mary mutters, venturing over to the breakfast table, littered with the mail, some Tescos receipts, Sherlock’s daily uneaten toast.
, the voice says, but John snuffs it out and behaves. He takes the infernal thing from Sherlock and tugs him by the lapel so that he's only a step above him on the stairs.
“Pleeeeease?” She whines, sounding like her age, and Sherlock is taken off guard by the sudden display of childish appeal.
“Do what you’re good at and go nurse your codependency issues elsewhere. Or better yet, do the world a favor and go lock yourself in a closet,” he says acerbically.
It takes John a moment to realize his hand is hanging in midair and that he should probably pocket it. John clenches and unclenches his aching fist, trying to suppress the gnawing, unsettling urge to follow him. He quite literally wants to break down his door and tell him what an idiot he's being but thankfully refrains, knowing something about Sherlock makes him an exceptionally poor communicator and that the language barrier always seems to get worse when emotions are running high.
Just as Sherlock was about to lose what patience he had and make his presence known, John unexpectedly slipped into a shop on the mall strip and disappeared from view- that is, before Sherlock could corall the man into a corner and make him stop doing things that didn't bother him at all. Sherlock looked up and saw that the storefront read Sainsbury’s. It was the local version, conspicuously larger in comparison to the Sainsbury’s metro located 1.2 km from their flat. And somehow it just happened to be located right next to the Diogenes. Perhaps he would have known this, possibly, had he ever gone grocery shopping himself.
The quarter horse rears on its hind legs and whinnies as he approaches. Undaunted, the man pulls the two ton pound animal back down by the bridle and, with some German goading, walks it back toward the wounded soldier.
“It remains to be seen,” Sherlock mutters off-handedly, glancing vaguely at the grim weather outside, "whether or not my better half will show," his attention returns to Nigel and he smiles.
Mary realizes Sherlock isn't actually bad at dramatization. It’s because the whole recitation is dripping with so much satire that it sounds faux and awful.
Sherlock saunters off toward the back of the room, and crashes on the couch beneath a window of venetian blinds, leaving the adults to exchange pleasantries while he recovers from his latest excursion. His hair flops listlessly over his nose, and his long limbs extend languidly against the leather.
In the water, where sound is magnified, he becomes distantly aware of a clicking noise against the crashing sounds of the violent underwater struggle. The sound is slow and consistent, decidedly unhurried. As the muscle fatigue starts to overtake him and his resistance begins to taper away, the sound grows louder into a tap, tap, tap— like footsteps drawing closer. It’s as he’s blacking out that in the most distant reaches of his mind he can hear the sound of a gun break the silence.
His eyes once-over its striking figure and sharp tailfins in appraisal. He scoffs amusedly with a cockiness that rivals the creature’s own, and resumes his ministrations, accumulating wood. But as he carries on down the beach, he feels the urge to look again, and this time he takes a good look.
Dry-clean or machine-wash? ” he lifts one hand, then the other, then drops both, “Is he invisible, because as you may (or may not) have noticed I was in the flat the whole week taking care of you with the only other bloke I’ve said so much as three words to being the self-service machine at Tesco!”
Why does John have to feel this way about him? He couldn't have picked someone less prone to getting attacked by psychos to worry about?
“What’s he thinking about now?” Mary asks not two minutes later, her chin resting on her overlapped wrists at the edge of the sofa seat.
"No," he says heavily, "This wasn't him." He rises to his feet with a heavy weight on his shoulders and places the square of skin in a biohazard bag.
Sherlock doesn’t respond, and Mary heaves a sigh which suggests Sherlock is doing something insolent, like feigning dumb.
“John?” Sherlock asks again, touching his face briefly before it twists away, his cheek falling against the leather. He huffs at John’s lack of cooperation.
After combing through every inch of the extremities of the island for the so much as a shred of human civilization and a brief encounter with a creature he is partly convinced he hallucinated, John reawakens the next day to find himself still stranded on the chaparral island. After brief moment lamenting what he remembers of the events that put him there, he sighs heavily through his nose and resolves to utilize the daylight for gathering extendible material to light a beacon.
“Sherlock..” John voices weakly, and Sherlock’s silhouette scatters in the buildup of water in his eyes. He can't go over now, not with Sherlock's image standing in the way like roadkill.
He's trying so hard to mask his pain it's nearly endearing. As though she's not taking the scars she left him with, unlacing John's stitches, reopening the wounds and dumping salt into them. As though she's isn't crushing him like he's made of glass, leaving him in shatters, broken in all the ways that matter.
John crawls back up to the surface and curses. He hates it, the waiting game, the not being able to see anything, the freaky element of surprise each attack brings. Most of all, he hates how he can’t catch a breath, which is naturally distressing. He’s perfectly defenseless like this and has never felt anything quite like it. There’s something inherently nerve-racking about looking, waiting for an ominous threat you can’t see, and also something despairingly helpless, but in his fear-induced fixation he is unable to tear his eyes away.
"Well.." Mycroft sighs, exhaling a cloud of smoke, "Not entirely. That was originally the reason we brought him here. We thought we could convince Eurus to bring him back-- But she was very much against it and instead tried to incinerate the body."
Sherlock reaches for the door, but the man objects. "No, Mr. Holmes, you have to listen to me- Everywhere I go- people just drop dead," he pleads.
“How can you not remember?” he turns back around to face Greg, “October 9, 2007 at 15:24 a John Doe was pulled from the river near Battersea powerhouse, one shot to the head, no personal effects other than some wet matches and a short-circuited USB drive.”
"Christ, would you stop being so infernally-" John starts, meaning to put a hand on his shoulder, but Sherlock swerves around the chair he's all but snapped in half and leaves before he can.
Then she laughs. It's a disconcerting laugh, how open and unguarded it sounds, clear like a bell. He can't understand what she finds so incredibly funny. He feels like he's missed something vital and now is on the blunt end of a joke.
Sherlock has taken his queue to run over to the medical examiner’s office, only to discover he’s too late. There’s no record of Ajay’s body anywhere. After searching the coroner’s records to no avail, he takes the elevator down to the morgue and starts unzipping the body bags of all the latest arrivals at random, including one that was in the delicate process of being identified, causing the family of the deceased a premature shock. Eventually Molly gets called down because of complaints that Sherlock is wreaking havoc.
"Don't thank me!" he breathes, aghast, as if John has somehow offended him. Sherlock rids John's hand from his sleeve before John can even approach, in a motion so rapid he could swipe the tablecloth from beneath a set of crystal dining ware without displacing anything. John's fingers almost sting of rug burn.
"Consult with Mycroft if you must," he says finally with dark, soft eyes that look like a deserted battlefield, "but I'll have no part in it."
The suspense is starting to become more real now, as he approaches the roof access. He feels the nerves, just barely manageable, dampened down by a clear and set mind. He rests his forehead against the cool metal of the door with the detached alarm and electrocution warnings, and shudders, shivers, at the thought of what he’s going to do. He stares at the handle, traces his finger around it. He presses down and the thrill of it giving way..
"Sherlock- please," he begs, as Sherlock tries to ward off his attempts to hold him down. Sherlock manages to break free and John really wishes he hadn't, because now John has to lunge after him like the crazy, abusive, axe-murderer husband that he's desperately trying to mentally distance himself from right now.
"Yes it is," Sherlock insists. Watching John's expression is almost better than watching the television itself. Sherlock can practically piece together what's playing on the screen from just his face alone. John looks at him like he's wondering why Sherlock is enjoying this and not horrified.
His eyes dart forward on some vaguely coherent impulse, but there’s nothing to see, besides a lapping waterline and a few sparse rocks. Mind games.
Mary clears her throat and speaks to John’s earlier comment. “But you seem to be in a better mood dad,” she says, largely to derail John’s attention from Sherlock’s remark. But John is already distracted.
," Sherlock says, frankly exhausted he has to spell everything out, "I've been meaning to ask you about that, Anderson. What was she doing in the precinct anyway? You didn't let her anywhere near your samples, did you?"
He supposes it makes sense. He'd always had an interest in her, hadn't he? He'd just never acted on it.
Mary turns around to see Sherlock, the only solitary figure visible for miles against backdrop of the dancing couples. He wears his customary know-it-all smile, eyes a warm light teal, silver necktie and vest agleam with overhead light. While his dark mop of curls displays a photogenic array of tonality, his frock coat is submerged in black cast shadows in the high-contrast. His arm bent and attached to his waist, his weight is shifted to a side. Sherlock stands there, in matching attire, looking so insufferably full of himself, that Mary skips straight past relief and goes straight to damage mitigation.
“No I meant the cadaver,” she replies in what might be sarcasm, but Sherlock has never really had an ear for these things. It’s unlikely she’s asking the cadaver. It’s sliced in parts and freeze dried in the freezer. Also, John doesn’t really have a thing for cadavers. Sherlock on the other hand—
“At the crime scene. There was a body next to the pool,” he insists, but Greg still seems to have no idea what he’s talking about, “He was
"What is it now?" she asks, her voice echoing throughout the cell, somewhat irked by the disruption.
designated by the donation of genetic material to the physiological constitution of his child or chil
Since John hasn’t managed to fill the silence with anything other than staring speechlessly, Sherlock proceeds to inform him, “Being overly concerned with what other people think is essentially the definition of self-consci—“
Clara isn’t paying attention to the exchange, absorbed with the child tugging at her pantleg. "Go on. Go give Daddy a kiss now," Clara goads the child attached to her leg, who doesn’t seem to want to let go. The child recognizes her father and abides the simple command, plodding off in the John’s direction with the semi-stiff joints characteristic of the toddler age group. But then, to John’s curiosity, she veers off toward Sherlock in the midpoint of the room, who is indeed closer and perhaps a more convenient target.
- apparently amused by his little outburst. John swallows, her laugh snuffing out his anger, and replacing it with equal parts horror and confusion.
John studies Sherlock's filed fingernails, the way they curl around his glass and the still, placid surface of his tea. Beneath his robe he's dressed in a vest and slacks, day clothes, with no intention of returning to sleep. Lately John hasn't seen him in anything casual or even sleepwear- his appearance was neat, fastidious, in order, all the time.
Anderson twitches with annoyance. Satisfied with the ensuing, cricket-laden silence, Sherlock journeys over the the body to conduct his investigation.
“There—” John chokes, “was— so much blood. It was everywhere.” He’s not thinking straight anymore. He feels like his brain is on fire. All he sees is Sherlock’s blood up and down and all over the walls in that stupid disturbed happy face and he can’t think straight anymore.
"You infernal maddening-" he breathes. He's always doing this, constantly slipping out of his hands- so wantable but unhavable, like he's been designed specifically to drive John nuts. Sometimes he truly wants to bite his head off. She has her hooks in him and he refuses to see it, too enamored with his desire to solve the case. He can't see she's using him.
“You want to play chess,” he clarifies to see if he understood her right. “With me,” he indicates himself, the
He is considerably less seamless in his movements. He fumbles and falls backward, helpless and completely disoriented in the blaze of its eyes. John can hardly find the words for the way it's looking at him, half bored-half curious, all poise and killer instinct, mesmerizing like staring into fire and arresting like the glare of a blue-blooded cobra.
The kitchenette is bathed in mournful, austere grayscale, poorly lit with weak hints of light glancing off the overcast sky, fading in through the pale-beamed aperture of the window. The dilution of light gives the illusion of timelessness, casting a dark slumber over the various culinary and experimental artifacts that occasion the counter- boxes of unrefrigerated tissue samples, dispersed groceries, an unsheathed kitchen knife…
Lestrade sighs, threads his fingers together and puts on a diplomatic face. "Let's say the DNA checks out and they're related. The way I see it there are two possibilities. One, some woman's father, a known murderer, does what he does best and kills a lot of people or, two, said woman takes her father's MO and goes on a killing spree in order to terrorize him into an early grave and then frames him for it. Do you think you might, possibly, be reading too much into this? He has a known track record and she..." he types her name into the criminal record database, which, as expected, comes up blank, "we don't have her for anything."
“Go ahead. Take it. It’s a get out of jail free card,” John urges him with a shrug, trying to resolve any extraneous feelings of obligation, “Never look back.”
Once sensation returns to his fingertips, he gropes around on the floor for his phone, which has coincidentally fallen on the floor just out of reach. His fingers meet the familiar feel of his iPhone, he picks it up and speed dials Greg. The tone on the other end indicates the line is busy. He raps his fingers on the floor and dials again, glowering at the ceiling. He gets the answering machine, which suggests he leave a message. He hangs up and redials until Greg is forced to either take his call or endure the continuous assault on his eardrums as the phone rings in the background with the persistence of a debt collection agency.
John nearly looses his step when suddenly confronted with the staircase to the underground, and so does Mary when they swerve under the overhang with a bit of excess momentum, and they giggle at each other like 9-year-olds. Mary leads him down the steps of St. Paul’s tube station through hoards of tourists, her hand around his, pulling him forward, and when they duck the ticket scanner John feels the trill of being two stops away. They dart after a departing train that specifically tells them to
The door to the flat slams closed and John dumps his keys on the mantle with an angry clang, summoning Sherlock from his chambers. The sleuth emerges from the bedroom corridor in his sapphire dressing gown and pyjama bottoms, looking very pleased to see his favorite doctor, despite the ungodly hour displayed by the timer on the microwave.
John is trying to stomach the sight of Mary dancing away with someone else and ignoring everything Sherlock is saying, until he gets to that last line, which succeeds in destroying John’s train of thought completely.
“Hey dad. Dad.” Mary shakes his shoulder, but John’s head swivels lifelessly. “Daaad,” she whines, like seven year olds do. She huffs when she finally grows tired of shaking him.
"Why do you have to be so difficult?" John demands, his voice strained, cracking with the desire to reach out and hold him, grab him, ground him. John hates it when Sherlock reflexively pushes him away like this, keeping him at arm's length. His hands are tied, barred from helping him, which is its own kind of torture, making him feel unduly frustrated and helpless and sometimes like he very nearly wants to tear him to pieces.
John is flipping through cosmopolitan magazine in the ER waiting room. His five year old daughter is seated beside him, looking more worried than he does.
John is starting to consider the possibility that his flatmate is actually a masochist. It would explain a lot of things. "Are you sure this is about the case files, or merely that you hate your brother?" he levels with him.
“You are… the most infuriating person on earth,” John whispers reproachfully, stalling Sherlock about a breath away.
not good for you.” Sherlock’s reflective eyes redirect intently to his flatmate seated across from him on the leather settee. John is leaning forward with his elbows resting on his Uniqlo jeans, hands open and extended, gesticulating as he arranges his thoughts. “If you stay here I know I will take it out on you, I will drag you down with me and I will make you miserable. You will never hear me say that I'm sorry, or grateful, and she will most definitely drive you up the wall.”
It escapes him how he could have said things like that. The words feel like a slight. They are so horribly misguided, so vexing, they're still ringing in his ears, ears he can hardly believe.
“What time is it?” John asks, sitting up and Sherlock backs off of him as naturally as possible. Thankfully John is fantastic at asking all the wrong questions.
"Everything is a competition to you," she says, moving her queen to the side. She seems to be not be entirely engaged in the game, giving off the impression she's not actually trying to win, which is, in itself, puzzling. Though she takes some small pleasure in taking his knight. "A challenge to see who's smarter and you don't like to be bested."
Nigels shakes his head vigorously, with every intention of taking it to the grave. John hums with a minimal, lackluster smile.
Later that day, Mary discovers Sherlock loitering by the schoolyard fence on her way to the gym. She stops and backpedals, eyes narrowing in on his distant, aimless, wandering figure.
“What? No, no, wait—” John gasps with an airy, nervous laugh. Tilted back in Sherlock’s hands, he’s hanging onto him for what seems like dear life, ribcage compressed against Sherlock’s, pattering and threatening to explode. His eyes are in deadlock with Sherlock’s, flashing a caged animal look—a pristine rendition of a deer in the headlights, wild wide-eyed and vivid, lit-up blue. Though the amused smile tugging tenuously at the corners his parted lips suggests he’s laughing a little at himself.
"This is a potential murder investigation and you're missing the body?" Sherlock asks, having a very hard time wrapping his head around the fact that they can’t locate a body that fell less than 24 hours ago.
The alarm begins to sound and the man looks away, seeing the overhead lights go out and the emergency uplighters around the perimeter of the pool beam on.
“She’s not my mother, Dad,” she snaps suddenly, eyes darting to his. “You’re married to Sherlock!” she blurts out, not entirely intentionally, and then it goes very silent. Good for brainwork.
“Mary. You know I’m not much interested in food,” he drawls, tossing the door open because he’s too lazy to hold it, and plods back into the living room, world-weary because it must be so hard to lounge about all day in a strop. The way his hips move beneath the crisp line of his belt, all sluggish swagger, makes John’s hand tighten on Mary’s.
"Oh look the both of you here. Look at that, bug," Clara notes the novelty when she catches a glimpse of the two of men, and turns to inform the toddler with a shoulder pat.
John is standing in the archway a few paces away, leaning languidly against his good shoulder with a champagne glass in the opposite hand. His head is tilted into the doorframe in contemplation, one hand sheathed in a pocket, one leg crossed over the other comfortably. He’s watching them idly, distantly, like a father might watch from a distance as his children unwrap their gifts on Christmas eve. He looks picturesque, dignified, and just a touch devious with the violent burgundy of his vest contrasting against flaxen blonde hair.
That leaves Sherlock perched precariously beside his latest temptation, lying defenseless on the sofa, in a situation much like the one he found himself in with the cab driver, with a burning curiosity that has largely proven itself to be a self-detriment. An idea, just a simple idea so easily testable, clinging with increasing tenacity to the edges of his mind, until it’s completely consumed him.
“That wasn’t your first time was it?” he asks after he’s finished, throwing away the some bloodied antiseptic dressage.
“–Hello?” he says, taking his phone out as he exits, but pauses momentarily in the doorframe when he sees the bizarre look on Nigel’s face. His eyebrows creasing perplexedly in response, android pressed to his ear.
He hadn’t anticipated the presence of a second intruder on the scene. His memories of the man are disorganized- incomplete- given the state of hypoxia he had been in. But some combination of impressions and feelings, like a patchwork cloth, leaves him feeling ill at ease. Despite that the man had saved him- no that wasn't right- He hadn't been there to save him.
“How many times do I have to tell you? Sherlock…” John says distraught, head lolling side to side fitfully.
“No, you don’t understand. I didn’t kill those people Mr. Holmes-” he calls after him as Sherlock turns away, presumably to return to his study. He stops, but still doesn’t turn around.
“In the interest of what I can only view as an academic exercise.” Sherlock tags on, leaning back on the doorframe leading to kitchen interior.
"So then it's fine, for anyone to shag you, so long as it helps you solve a case?" John says pointedly, blood surging through his veins.
"I'd never hurt you," John insists like he's trying to convince himself more than anyone else, but saying that only makes the hypocrisy of his words all the more glaring. Sherlock doesn't have to point out that he's hurting him plenty, even as he demands to be let go.
He wonders what he was thinking coming here, why he's doing this to himself. Then he realizes he can't bring himself to leave, either. He literally can't pull his eyes away from his pale, phantom-like form, laid out the a stretcher like he's in a casket.
He rolls up his sleeves and decides to set to work on the driftwood several yards downwind on the shore, which he hopes isn’t shipwreck, for the unnerving message that sends anyway.
He was too perfect. He was too gifted, too talented- and the list went on and on, didn't it? Too principled, uncompromising, fearless, and heaven forbid, brilliant-- far, far too brilliant for his own good. They were all strikes against him, and they added up.
“Or a dream that I could wake up from at any second.. and you’d be gone,” John looks at him sadly, “How would I.. how would I know?”
John sighs. He couldn't keep indulging in this make-believe fantasy world where supposedly nothing happened, where everything was perfectly fine, content to let everything go unacknowledged and ignored. Leaving Sherlock on his own with this was not helping anyway, if the nighttime tea parties were any indication.
John grits his teeth. Try as he may, to make peace with Sherlock's pettiness, he's not a saint. And that's what it is- pettiness, not 'a sense of justice'. Please. The only issue here is if John were to kill her, he'd ruin the sport of it, and they couldn't have that, could they?
The move is to John’s immediate dislike and the hand tightening strenuously on Sherlock’s shoulder lets him know it. He feels a disturbing sensation travel up his sciatic, a ghost of a tremor he hasn’t felt in years, the post-traumatic limp rearing its ugly head, and his mind flashes back to when he couldn’t walk without a cane. He can’t pinpoint why the psychosis has picked this moment and tries frantically to suppress the fresh surge of panic, a self-reinforcing, down-spiraling mental trap he’s loathe to fall into again, but any semblance of control is quickly slipping through his fingers, like sand in a sieve.
“What do you want with her?” Sherlock asks, though there still a disconnect between him and the words, like he's hearing his voice echo back from the other end of a telephone.
He scales down the steps toward the light beaconing from the bottom floor, his footsteps echoing against the steel stairs. He finds Eurus in her cell, trher Stradivarius until she suddenly stops mid-score.
"What am I doing?" John asks snarkily, putting a hand on his hip, "I just saved your bloody life- you would be dust without me, or don't you get that?"
"Sherlock-" he breathes hesitantly in disapproval, unable to shake these perplexing, deep-set anxieties he's at a loss to explain but can't really place. His hand tightens on his sleeve. “It’s not just that, it’s- you’re..“
Sherlock snaps his fingers with the realization and tsks. “Ah my apologies. I’d entirely forgotten you were self-conscious about these things.” It’s not a great leap for John to realize he is being manipulated right now, but of course, that’s a secondary issue.
John tilts his head at his wonky behavior. It's obviously not proper to be amused by this, and much less to let the amusement show on his face. Sherlock had PTSD, which he knew as a doctor and someone who suffered from it himself, was no laughing matter.
Something catches Sherlock's eye and he crouches down to retrieve it. "What've you got there?" John asks when Sherlock leans down to take a swab of the man's lower lip (what's left of it). "Blood?"
Yeah, that would go over well. He might as well be speaking an language lost to history with no Rosetta stone. He wonders whether it would even be enough to stop him anyway. Talk about the bloody definition of wishful thinking, Watson.
John jogs up the stairs. Upon looking up from the mail he's grabbed from the foyer (which he fears contains an overdue TV bill), John catches Sherlock Holmes at the base of the steps coming down from John's bedroom, his hand sliding down the banister. John says Sherlock Holmes, because the one word
"Mycroft thinks he can get me to do what he wants by holding the violin hostage," he admits ruefully. Oh my god. Brothers.
As he treads water, his eyelids sagging with oxygen depletion, something brushes his foot. He doesn’t know whether he hopes it’s the monster or a shark. Preferably a small fish, but he can tell that’s not likely the case from the amount of water it displaced.
Sherlock Holmes is indeed stumped by the question, tongue-tied and inevitably thwarted in every alternative explanation that occurs to him. Her argument is admittedly convincing- the simplest explanation is, in fact, that Mary is the result of Sherlock having magical pixy horses with John.
He heads further upwind, until inevitably he’s confronted with barren, eroded cliffs resisting the battery of chaotic waves. He stalls and looks out into the horizon. Just off the continental shelf the water is patterned with the scaly textures of underwater seaweed forests, which would be easy to dry and burn instead, but he humbly opts out of another venture into the waves.
Sherlock actually looks at him this time, like he's bewildered John is even asking. “Why... do you want to know that?"
," John says, keeping his eyes trained on the enemy. He steps forward, in front of Sherlock, upping the tension.
When she finally catches up with him, she processes what he'd said aloud. "So if I understand you right," she muses, parsing everything out slowly, "You think
He finds him reaching into his dresser to grab a new shirt and stops him from rummaging nonsensically through his collection of Dolce et Gabbana.
“You’re in love with him, do you understand?” She interrupts, attempting to dumb it down so that even he can understand, but it's all too apparent that no, he does not. She would be shaking him by the shoulders if her hands weren’t occupied, “Not all the satire in the world can mask that, so quit pretending you don’t and don’t laugh—” she says, getting worked up because he's smiling like a cheshire cat.
John leans his hands against the counter, his head angled downward, his jaw wired shut. Steam travels upward from the basin, catching the glare of the clouds.
John glances at his gun, then back at Lestrade, confused. "Shouldn't you be arresting me for illegal possession of a firearm?"
"You're going to get yourself killed," he says, at the end of his rope, "I'd sooner kill her myself than see you go through with this."
As she's leaving she takes the rose with her. She plucks the petals out one by one and John has to wonder why it fixates him so much-- as if some sort of glitch in his brain won't let him take his eyes away. Every time she tears a piece off it feels like she's twisting a corkscrew into his side further, until it's just a pile of discarded, torn petals on the floor.
His spine rests ramrod straight against the backboard of the pew, his shoulders squared to a tee, and arms barred standoffishly, rigid in every respect with the exception of the delicacy with which he holds his glass. Now that he’s seated, one trouser leg draped over the other, the seam of his jacket is parted under strain so that a sliver of the oxblood interior lining is visible. Combined with his burgundy vest, tie, and pocketed handkerchief, the whole attire bleeds with hidden red, and seems to betray his true colours.
"Oh?" she asks, intrigued. "Not when all of this is to prevent John from knowing about your unseemly bed habits...?" She traces a circle into the notch of his clavicle and his throat tightens. Why does it feel like no matter what he tries she manages to slip through his fingers and find some new angle twist his arm? He wonders how every which way he ventures she seems to have a trap laid in wait for him, but then remembers leverage is her business. He bites down on his lip and clenches his fist around his gloves, irked.
“Well, you swapped the sugar for table salt. That’s a lethal dose of sodium chloride you have there,” he indicates the pile of toast, “Very resourceful, but I prefer to die by drug overdose rather than by food poisoning, for future reference,” Sherlock states, then turns on his heel into the kitchen, his robe fluttering behind him, which makes John wonder momentarily if Sherlock thinks he was actually trying to kill him.
"Knowledge and power are two different things, Mr Holmes," she says, sounding as if she might tag on a
" Sherlock hammers into him, exasperated they have to go over this again, "I'm the only one who can stop her. She has everyone else under her power-" ....and they topple onto the floor, along with the lamp precariously perched by the arm of the sofa.
“No really. Take a look in the mirror,” Sherlock says, and he places his hand on John’s head, swivels him to face the reflective, glass window behind them. Then, with all the composure and fluidity of movement at his disposal, Sherlock saunters off, leaving the dumbfounded soldier in view of his own portrait for god knows what reason.
When he looks up, Eurus has already taken off down the hall. Forced to keep up, he reluctantly leaves the fallen guardsman behind.
“You’re ten years old,” John says, a little baffled, “I don’t even think you’re supposed to know what that is.”
“I’m not going to leave you," Sherlock silences him, his voice vibrating against John's ear, "I’m not letting you out of arms reach for a good measure, you can be sure of that.”
“No man’s land, darling. He’s a goner. I can feel his delta waves from here,” Sherlock explains waving his hand, trying to brush them off before they interfere with his brainwaves. He files through the stack of letters at a pace approaching that of the speed of light, clearly loosing patience.
It’s been a month since John had visited last, and Sherlock looks ridiculous, aching with want, bursting at the seams. He’s too horny to sit still, practically liquid in his chair, playing footsie to the point John wants to kick him. He gives John a steamy look, that John stares dead-on at for a full minute, before he pushes out his chair, tosses his plate in, stands to get himself seconds.
She points to the passage on their right. "Sherlock is down that way. You'll find him at the end of the hall. The code is 12422476034." And she's gone before John can tell her not to. John huffs in annoyance. Just a half hour with her and he could go down for breaking and entering, accessory to murder, and pissing off the British government.
He doesn’t sleep that night. There is something of an uneasiness on his mind following the events that had transpired at the pool. He has this irksome feeling he’s forgotten something important— something difficult to retrieve, brief, elusive, tugging at the edges of his recall. It's something he heard in the liminal space between wakefulness and unconsciousness.
"I would think you would be too at the prospect of a willing victim," he tries not to pout but it comes out like that anyway. She's not exactly picky about her victims, and even if she were, he would fit the profile, so why isn't she taking the bait?
“You used to look at me like I was God and now-“ Sherlock stops short. He looks at him with a sort of resignation that he can barely swallow.  “You look down on me,” Sherlock concludes and a smile twists on his features with the awful irony of it, like it's some cosmic joke. John can only stand there speechless, shaking like a shell-shocked recruit on day one. It feels like a blow to the chest, knocking the wind out of him, and then the horror dawns on him that Sherlock actually believes what he's saying, completely unawares that John would take a thousand and one of his insults if it meant one word of thanks, that John adores him in a semi-dangerous, questionably unhealthy way that wrecks havoc all his priorities, job and love-life included, that no matter what anyone ever said or did John could never think less of him.
. John, somehow, inexplicably, has managed to get under his skin in a way she cannot, in a way he's never seen anyone or anything manage to do. Why he is an exception in harder to suss out.
“Sherlock, I think, I think we should reconsider how we’re going about this,” John is saying, running a hand through his cropped, dark blond hair, “I don’t think that we’re--” He looks up to Sherlock, who is poised silently in his chair, looking straight ahead at the wall.
"And here I was under the impression you didn't like dead bodies," he can't help but taunting. It comes to his attention what space there is between them is quickly disappearing. She's leaned forward so much so they are only a breath apart, though Sherlock makes no motion forward or away.
” Greg drawls unenthusiastically, suggesting he is preoccupied with his day time job, which largely consists of failing to catch criminals and paperwork.
He’s a trainwreck of uncontrollable shakes and shivers, a tear of excitement tracing down his cheek.
Mary grins irrepressibly at him. “Well, I’m going to miss you,” she says. Then in part out of a cheeky interest to see his reaction, she says, “I despicably love you.”
A window opens with the contents of the drive, scrolling down to the base of a litany of files. His bandwidth spikes, which means the USB is transmitting something- reporting that it's been accessed, how, by who, and where. He’s counting the seconds. The longer he spends on accessing the disk, the greater the danger of being tracked and his location pinpointed.
At Sherlock's look of condescension he tries "Umbrella?" but the suggestion is met with equal disdain, as though John has scandalously asked him to convert to Satanism. John lets it drop, acknowledging that in this particular bout of tug-of-war, it is inevitable that pragmatism take a backseat to fashion- and the ongoing boycott on Mycroft-themed merchandise.
He hears the patter of feet behind him and turns his head. It's Mycroft, running across the room, a sheen of sweat on his head. He dabs it off with a handkerchief. "Oh John- its you," he says with relief. He seems unusually frantic, "Is she here?"
“Mary, what are you doing here?” John asks, confuzzled. Mary puts her index finger against her lips, swearing him to secrecy. On a secret mission, it seems.
Sherlock takes up his violin as he walks over to the window sill, where he plays an eerie triplet of sharps on the upbow, then halts full stop. Slowly the bow travels back down again as he stares at the drab world through the sifting curtains, old buildings and rainy weather.
"Should we stop?" she asks Sherlock, her voice light as if John’s dangerously brittle sense of restraint right now were occasion for amusement rather than alarm. Her arms encircle him in the casual way a lover might and just the sight of it drives John beside himself. He's about to march over there and tear him out of her arms when Sherlock's eyes fall on John, distant and distracted.
He escalates, taking that fateful step forward, and suddenly despite the fact that John appears to be restraining himself, there's an alarming amount of force locking him in place.
“And what were you doing Mary? This isn’t like you,” he says in confusion. “I know I didn’t raise you to go and put people in the hospital for no bloody reason,” he conto use, “And I sure as hell didn’t raise you to undo my own job.”
“Molly, you haven’t seen Sherlock’s body lying around, have you? Dr. Gibson says it’s been misplaced,” John says playfully, although he’s clearly not in a humorous mood.
“What is this? You sound like somebody’s paying you to keep you quiet,” she laughs, “Has this game of keeping yourselves in the dark warped into some sort of giant conspiracy?”
"I appreciate your skepticism, but, she has... done this sort of thing before. She has certain nack for neural circuits, from what little I understand."
Sherlock glances at the tea, then regrettably parts with the mug, restoring the beverage to its rightful owner. Mary raises an eyebrow, watching the interaction with the two of them making over-soft eyes at each other, and, rather surprisingly, the tea, until Sherlock resumes the conversation.
Sherlock decides to join him and stands abreast his partner, observing the celebration from the outskirts as the semi-pariahs that they are. “I think I’m the only parent here who’s actually in a celebratory mood. And I don’t even like weddings,” Sherlock mentions amidst the chatter.
Always so curious, even if it's about something as stupid as this, he thinks, looking at the doctor, to his disbelief, with a longing way about him.
"How could you? Dad, you promised," she tells him, looking downtrodden, wounded even. John shakes his head.
"No. No way," Lestrade immediately rejects the idea, gesturing to the state of the body, "I mean just look at this, John! There's no way a woman could have done this- not without a gun or an accomplice or drugs, am I right?" he doesn't wait for John to confirm but John is somewhat inclined to agree. John's eyes travel over the mangled heap of remains, seeing multiple contusions, fractures, lacerations from a monstrous use of force, and body parts that, even with his expertise, are simply mangled beyond recognition. Between a man, a woman, and a saber-tooth tiger, he's betting it's the tiger, and probably one with a vendetta against humans.
"Eurus?" John asks, "yes, she... she brought me here." John says, looking back at Sherlock. "She took off at the entrance. Haven't seen her since."
“Am I dead?” he asks with a soft, wry smile, looking fondly at Sherlock. He's flat against the rooftop, and the side of his head is soar. He must've fallen. Hopefully not the wrong way?
, rather. In light of its unpredictably terrifying nature, John feels a more befitting title would be sea monster.
He realizes that Sherlock is trembling, wary of John's every movement. It feels like the stab of a pinprick when Sherlock flinches from his touch as he reaches for him. Watching the nervous tension at his every move, the broken trust ruinously casting shadows of doubt and fear and betrayal across his face- it's John's undoing, it's all John can do not to lose all sense of reason then and there.
Mary giggles at him. “Perfect. You really are perfect,” she grins, completely besotted by him, “Can’t I marry you?”
Assuming he might be able to translate, Lestrade angles at John, who shoots him a look that means don't look at me.
Then it cleverly occurs to him, “Well, there is one thing I could show you—” he muses, his voice mysteriously deviously DL as he steps forward and bridges the gap John’s left— a line personal space between them made by leaning back, now crushed to a sliver between the planes of their chests. Sherlock’s arms close against his ribs and fasten around his frame, hands sweeping against the cable-knit of his jumper, bringing John forward so that his elbows narrow around Sherlock’s neck. It’s gradual, and natural, and John doesn’t even notice, having gotten himself casually lost in the depths of Sherlock’s mind palace.
A far cry from relenting however, Sherlock seems to have decided on being vindictive about it, refusing to yield to John's intimidation tactics. "I would treat you no differently than I would her. If you were a criminal, I would see to it that you were locked up in kind, ideally as cellmates," he states. It's all John can do to not accidentally break his arm. Logic over emotion. Always. It was insufferable. If there were any exceptions to that steadfast rule, John wasn't one of them.
He recounts in horror the memory of himself stomping on the lilies on his grave. The instant in the ER, when they told him he was dead and he had nonchalantly brushed it off, accusing Sherlock of pulling another of his stunts. That moment when the light left his eyes and he fell on top of John with bullets in his chest.
While enjoying himself a pint, one soldier notices a man perched at a out-of-the-way corner table amidst the commotion. The soldier can't help but stare, intrigued by the strange, brooding atmosphere of the man sitting at the bar, not drinking anything. He has a cloak thrown over his shoulders and an unusually aristocratic, regal bearing that is at odds with the commonplace, unrefined backdrop of the tavern. He keeps to himself, very poised and still and waiting, far away from the appeals of the various brews they have on tap. But he also appears to be curiously on-edge, nervously tapping his fingers, giving off the impression of an addict trying to restrain himself.
"So, what's the thinking here? You think you're going to casually visit this woman who low-key probably fantasizes about running your body through with some sort of antediluvian pendulum from the Spanish Inquisition or whatever the hell she did to those bodies, and the plan is to what, emerge miraculously unharmed?"
Two little words and an honest-to-god question mark that speak volumes. Mary tries a different approach.
“It’s just it would have certain.. implications. I don’t want people to think-“ it takes John all of two seconds to realize he doesn’t know where the rest of that sentence went.
He slots the memory drive into the USB port of his laptop. The drive is password protected, encrypted, and poised to self-destruct, multiple login attempts not enabled. Hovering his fingers above the keyboard, he eventually settles on
Sorry this took so long. Special thanks to those who commented on chapter 2 and reminded me to make a chapter 3.
you-" John insists, or rather implores, willing him to consider that surely that warrants an exception. He needs him to acknowledge somehow that what happened was not just something that came with the territory in the line of work, that they can’t just sweep it under the rug and carry on with business as usual.
"They are the facts. My opinion about them doesn't change them," he says, feeling unnaturally light-headed, "Facts.. have no empathy for people."
When they finally find the position on the rack where the case box ought to be, they lift the lid to an unpromising blank box that looks like it’s just sitting there as a placeholder.
“Well then…” she trails, pondering it over, or at least pretending to, “I’m sure we could come to some sort of an arrangement.”
He leads the horse back toward the destroyed remains of Loos, now in shambles and uninhabited with the exclusion of perhaps few vagrant ghosts. The trek is barren and soundless and he feels himself starting to flag, the corners of his vision going dark. The last thing he remembers is the cape on the man's shoulders billowing in the breeze and the soft touch of the chestnut's mane against his cheek.
"So what are we looking for?" Lestrade asks as John joins them, preparing to jot down Sherlock's findings on the police report.
“Well, your mail is everywhere! You’ve been putting it off for too long. Really, you ought to get a handle on your domestic life, you two. I know you’re busy but figure it out. I’m not your housekeeper.”
John schools his features and tries not to think about the wormy, unsettling feeling in his stomach that technically shouldn't be there whenever Sherlock so much as mentions 'the woman'.
"I swear he's getting off on this," Donovan says, watching him efficiently navigate the place like a bloodhound, brain operating in high-gear and eyes alight with rapid-fire thought.
She’s grooming him, destroying John from the inside out with slow, gentle touches, leaving him hollow and squeezed for breath. He doesn't understand what exactly it's doing to him, why he can't move, as if in shock. Then he realizes, she's caught him by the most vulnerable part possible. She’s literally crushing him by the Achilles’ heel, the tender-most spot where it hurts the absolute worst, as he stands by ignored and forced to watch. It’s so far below the belt he wouldn’t have thought such a low blow possible. She's turned torture into a bloody art form.
“I need the full ballistics report on a case from 2011," Sherlock tells Greg when he picks up, "Fax it to me. I need to confirm something.”
“It’s fine. It’s fine.” John assures him, preoccupied, too spread thin to put much effort into making it sound convincing and unhurried.
John swallows and checks whatever ridiculous expression he must be wearing on his face. He knows. Of course he knows. He'd always suspected Sherlock dressed himself with the intention of one-uping everyone in the room, but now he's not so sure. Compared to the sight of him now, its almost as if he hadn't really been trying.
“It was the Altoid you took afterward that was the determining factor,” he says that like it's a conviction to murder in the first degree, but in the heat of the moment John fails to comprehend what the Altoid, on top of it all, could possibly mean, other than the truth of the matter which is that he likes British mints that taste like green tea. So does Sherlock. So does everyone. Who the hell doesn't?
“What’s gotten into you?” John ventures to ask, because Sherlock doesn’t normally make breakfast, or lunch, or dinner, or anything classified as
A couple days later at Bart's, John is walking back from the ER to the west wing when he sees Molly. He meets her eyes in the hallway then looks away, unable to return her gaze. He can't even speak as they pass by each other.
, like everyone is treating it, like Sherlock is treating it, like John himself is treating it. Spending the decades taking care of you, then taking care of your child, is not something a
has any power over Sherlock, when so rarely does he feel like he has any at all. (How could he, when he can hardly get him to do simple things like eating or sleeping or acting decent or getting him to stop confiscating John's unsuspecting jumpers for the unthinkable, i.e. flammability experiments) But looking at the conviction in his eyes there can be no mistake in what he said.
He looks at her with incomprehension, at a loss as to how she had known him better than he knew himself.
“Unfortunately, there’s very little I can do to help you with that. The law was on your side, as you may recall. If you wanted to get locked up perhaps you shouldn’t have killed all your victims before they had the chance to mention anything of import?” he suggests, doing very little to contain his thinly veiled hatred for the man.
“Look at me,” he demands, turning John face so their eyes align, “Can’t you recognize me, of all people?”
Mary looks up at him seriously, with a set of ultramarine irises that look just like John’s and and have a profound effect on Sherlock.
"Well I'm certainly not easy-" he starts to say, defiant. But he checks himself and remembers that he's actually
Mary rolls her eyes in disbelief at his absurdity, closing the fridge. “Do I look like an idiot to you?”
For a second, Sherlock is just as surprised as John is. He doesn't even have a fully formed idea of what he's doing with it.
“There’s nothing in the database at that time but the coroner on call filled out an investigation form around then,” she says, tapping the latest entry on the clipboard spreadsheet. “We might of put it in storage. It should be here—” she says going to the freezer. She looks up the chamber her colleague wrote down and slides it open. Not surprisingly it’s empty.
“Don't be absurd,” Sherlock says, attempting to push his way past as he's slipping on his gloves. “She bested me last time, but I’m not letting her get away this time."
“I would… wake up at night, hearing violin music… was it insanity… how I haunted your grave, searching for something that wasn’t there, asking for miracles when there was no one to answer? Was it insanity to cling to the vain, irrational hope— that you would— you would hear me—“ His voice sounds like a tape recorder, a bit glitchy at the end.
"You’re not actually afraid he’ll catch on?” The words come unwittingly and without warning, producing an air of astonished silence. Sherlock’s face betrays no expression, staring at Mary intently while his mind whirs in the background. Mary catches a hint of something that suggests he’s trying not to laugh, which grows increasingly obvious, until his lips begin to crack into a faint but devilish smile.
He stares into its eyes, the way that the irises, alight with fluorophores, open into blackness, and he’s instinctively reminded of what it looks like, staring down the barrel of a gun.
John takes his leave to join Mrs. Davenport by the proximate refreshment table, and as he brushes by Sherlock's shoulder he says in a low voice, “You put her in Mary’s dress. That’s nice touch.”
"Now we both know that's not true," she murmurs reverently into the nape of his neck. The obscure comment an serves as a reminder of what happened that night before last. It's unsettling but he suppresses the feeling. He lets her press into his hair, though the sensation is unusual to him, feeling foreign. "You know, no one likes a tease."
"Over my dead body," he says, his voice suddenly turning hard, making clear there was no compromise to be made here. Sherlock scowls when he realizes he's having him on and goes for the door.
That's absurd. John has done far too many idiotic things to not have irrevocably proven that was never going to happen (marrying him, for one... although that was something of a mishap...). "As a- as a friend, I mean," he adds awkwardly, "Obviously."
John suddenly grabs him by the shirt and backs him against the wall so that his head clunks against it just hard enough to smart unpleasantly. "Is this just transport too?" John demands. He is looking at him fiercely, expecting an answer.
Sherlock and Mary arrive arm in arm at the base of a cascade of steps leading to the church entryway, Sherlock dressed in the battle-wear of his former days, his collar shirt adorned with silver necktie and waistcoat and furnished by a navy frock suit, and Mary in her aforementioned bride uniform, a lace and satin, full-length wedding gown with a silver cinch at the midsection. Towering above them, the church displays a bold exterior in the harsh, cold light, with an elaborate stone steeple erected and powerful pillars supporting its conglomerate structure.
When he leans back on his heels to meet Sherlock's eyes, they are looking back at his face, completely lost and confused. And then, and then, the cogs begin to turn, and it all clicks in his head.
“So who’s parent are you, allegedly? Not hers.” Nigel shrugs and points to Mary. Sherlock and Mary voice their replies at the same time.
The after-party follows in the reception area, where Mary and Nigel are talking to their friends, one of which that claims Mary was the girl who used to beat Nigel up in secondary.
John hears that and immediately looks peeved. He breathes an exhale, pinching the bridge of his nose and taking a moment.
John is gripped by how precariously too-good-to-be-true it seems, the impossible sound of laughter, the unreal touch of Sherlock's head against his, and feels like he ought to be waiting for the other shoe to drop. The way the light dances playfully in Sherlock's eyes undoes John at the seams, pinpointing every known weakness he has, every razor-thin fissure in his armor. It's one of those rare moments when he feels like he actually
John nudges open the door and finds him there, nursing his wounds. He places the mugs on the nightstand and stands behind him in silence awkwardly, not certain of what he should do. He wants to wrap him in his arms from behind, somehow explain himself, make the pain he'd caused go away. He wants to feel his muscles relax, feel his hair brush against his nose again like in the briefest moment that morning when everything was alright.
He tries in vain to compartmentalize the sickening sensation when her ministrations move to his lips. "How do you think John would react to what I did to you?"
"No, we are not going to him!" Sherlock says indignantly, like he's read John intentions through the simple gesture, his aversion to the idea becoming readily apparent. John is taken aback by the fierceness and near-violence with which he tears his hand away.
Shrouded in the dark recesses of the tavern, an air of ominousness hangs over the stranger like a dark cloud. By chance, the soldier catches the fellow's eye when he occasions a fleeting glance toward him, the shadows unveiling his pale face. The stranger returns the his gaze for a drawn-out minute, during which the taunts and jeers of his more boisterous counterparts fade away. The stranger's eyes are striking in color and vaguely preternatural in their compelling hold, thrilling and terrifying and electrifying in a way that quickens the pace of his pulse.
“Oh, and when you do it, it’s not?” John replies with sassy rhetoricalness complimented by a lazy hand gesture indicating a certain failure in the sleuth’s logic.
John’s eyes snap open and he bolts up, finding himself on a boulder jutting out of the water. His shoulder burns with tenderness and his hand reflexively grips the source of the pain. He grimaces, leaning his head back against the rock with a deep, disgruntled sigh.
“Does Sherlock Holmes live here?” he rasps, unable to catch his breath, “Please, I need to speak to him-“
Tempted by the alluring proposal, he hovers closer to the table skirting the window sill, eyes falling on the glimmering chess pieces. Needless to say, he likes this idea very much. “And if I lose?” he asks, touching his fingers down on the surface of the table.
John sighs and pockets his mobile, chiding himself for getting worked up over his flatmate's whereabouts. He stares at the carpet as if it were culpable for all the inhumanity and wrongdoing in the world, pondering over the detective and what may have him otherwise occupied. When he realizes that he’s actually sulking, he shakes his head, grabs his blazer and heads out of the conference room. A few public school truants blink and giggle at how underdressed he is given the posh standards of the club and wonder if perhaps he and his knock off rain coat are lost, but he pays no heed.
“I’m not going to vanish into thin air,” he responds tiredly, eyes much softer now in response to the gentleness of John's hand.
when I found it conducive to extracting information out of her. Not that you would know, but seduction is a multipurpose tool. It's one- if not the most- effective methods of interrogation."
The doctor is looking at him with a stunned silence as though he's worried he's inadvertently caused some sort of glitch in his machinery. Sherlock drops his hand from where it's raised in the air, looking irked. His dagger sharp eyes leer at John. The silence rings so loudly in the absence of his voice, vibrating like a string. "For god's sake, don't make me spell it out for you.
“We don’t want it to become a self-fulfilling prophecy. Just stick to your lines, don’t say anything interpretable as atheist or unheterosexual. It’s probably best to just avoid the mother-in-law completely—“ They finish their ascent up the flight of stairs and discover a few miscellaneous relatives of the groom at the entrance. Sherlock’s voice becomes quieter and quieter as they approach the doorway. “—but if you do accidentally walk into her just be polite and say hello—Hello,” Sherlock greets a particularly stark figure at the door.
"Sherlock? What are you..." At first John is surprised to see Sherlock there at all, under the impression he was still at the flat, unawares John had even left. He's entirely not sure how Sherlock had ended up at the Diogenes, a place which he normally avoids with a six mile radius. He starts to consider that perhaps the detective had been following him, but then he sees who he's with and her hands all over him.
"So the moment she gets the upper hand, you lose faith in me is that it?" Sherlock demands suddenly. John is completely floored by the accusation- the thought- the
Sherlock studies his face, hesitant. “John.. would you punch me if I kissed you, hypothetically speaking?” he asks on a more serious note, but there’s no response this time. Only the drone of traffic and the patter of rain.
“Well I could say the same for you,” Sherlock replies boredly. He hates to be anticlimactic but it’s unspeakably selfish, sleeping after a twenty-four hour shift. The entire morning has been insufferable as a result.
John realizes he’s actually farther out than he expected. Looking across the vast expanse, the notion that anything could cross the distance in one breath seems purely fantastical to John now, and he seriously doubts the obscure memories he has of a mermaid dragging him out here in the darkness; it was much more realistically the riptide. He remembers seeing the creature, and thinks about it constantly enough while swimming that he begins recalling recalls instead of the original memories. The more he thinks about it critically, however, the more convinced he is that the mermaid is a complete work of fiction, a fairytale and not even an original one. And the voices from the water were, well, very obviously a cry for mental help. He really ought to get himself checked.
John sighs. "I think... I might have...." he rubs his face with his hand, "I might have pissed off a feminist."
If Sherlock was trying to hurt him, well, mission accomplished. John, in turn, makes no effort to pull his punches, seeing that Sherlock seems to know exactly what to say to drive him up the wall and is exploiting it.
“Good,” the man says, gazing down at him with piqued interest, “I couldn’t help but overhear— You mentioned Rose?” he asks in a generic dialect.
As he approaches, he grows concerned. His walk turns brisk, and then fast, and then he's running, subzero air filling his lungs. He stops dead in his tracks a few meters away.
"Poor devil," she laments, perching her teeth on the ear rest of her glasses. "You know, I've never been very good with dead bodies so I'll leave you to it."
Mary exhales, astounded. “Can you stop with the ‘I told you so’? You’ve had a lifetime of that. Just teach me already--” she tells him, stepping forward with a playful inertia that nudges Sherlock back a step as she joins their hands to mimic the arrangement everyone around them has assumed, raised and clasped together. Sherlock catches her hands in his and rebounds a nudge forward, regaining their footing with a natural, unthinking effortlessness.
“You don’t know!” John rallies, throwing out a hand, “So for all we know he could be in this room with us right now and we’d be none the wiser!”
"You really want to know?" He could scream right now. Yes, he really wants to know. He would have thought that much was obvious.
This is the solitary occasion on which brunet has had the chance of examining such a pristinely preserved human body, he’s not liable to just let the daft creature eat it. Keeping his human clutched to his chest, his dim, sun-lit irises skim over the horizon and locate a nearby patch of land emanating from the island. He delves down into the wake, his tail bottoming up with a curtain of trailing water and flopping down into the distorted, crystal blue water. He reemerges shortly after in the shallow region of the tide, his torso and the upper part of his tail exposed to the open air. He leers at the foreign terrain, squinting his glowing eyes, one arm rung around the prone, outstretched body, the other locked and supporting his weight.
John bolts up from his chair so that it legs screech along the floor, having decided that he can’t stand the insufferable hunger strike a moment longer.
Sherlock issues a surreal, deeply unsettling laugh, and John feels everything veer up-side-down at the sound of it. "Is this the part where you tell me 'this is going to hurt me more than you'?" he says. John is disturbed by how much he relates to the sentiment.
John releases a breath, an amused look playing on his features. Sherlock sits with one foot curled beneath him, spine erect, looking rather like a loyal dog waiting at the foot of your bed. Cracking a smile, John looks at Sherlock fondly, reaching out and gently clutching a handful of curls. His fingers brush against the scalp above his ear, touching his dark, raven hair, and Sherlock watches him motionlessly, eyes liquid silver.
Sherlock!" he says. He'd shake him by the shoulders if he thought it would help any. "God, you should hear yourself. You've got everything completely backwards. You're the one that's twisting everything-" he'd really love to twist him in his hands right now.
At some point in the midst of their conversation they find themselves at gun point. Perhaps they should have thought twice about arguing in the cavernous, echoing sewer system that was the underbelly of Greater London, announcing their position to anyone within a 30 foot radius.
Mary is walking back to her locker during lunch period with a calculus textbook in hand, when she turns a corner and subsequently falls face flat on the pavement. A couple of twerps start snickering in the background as she peels her face off the cement. One of them is her contemporary Nigel, feeling oh-so-clever for extending his leg for her to trip over. Nigel allegedly enjoys picking on Mary for allegedly being lesbian.
"What?" Sherlock snaps irritably at John's unrelenting glare. The way he looks- you'd think Sherlock has done him the disservice of swiping his jammed toast or something. The vibes he's giving off are so dark and menacing it would make any six foot tall man feel small, not just Sherlock.
Sherlock restlessly watches him like that, being insufferable, and can’t stand the thought that it’s his fault. He rakes a hand through his hair, then stands up hastily. He places a hand on the settee, and bends foot beneath him, taking a seat beside his distracted companion.
"I don't think Dr. Watson approves," she jeers, mouth delving into his curls, melding with his ear. He watches her nuzzle against him and feels something twist past breaking point in his chest.
“You don’t mean,“ John looks confused, “Won’t they notice I’m missing? It’s malpractice. If they find out it was you—“
"I asked," he insists, his voice low and grating, "I asked him. And he- his response was to-" He can still hear the crack of the gun that answered him when he'd pleaded with him, when in his panic the last insane words he could think of were '
John doesn't know what to do. He tries to step off, lifting one foot over, but he's paralyzed. It's an illusion and still he can't do it. Why hadn't he thought of this so casually when Sherlock was jumping? It's fucking brilliant. To break the fourth wall, he has to go through Sherlock first, the one thing he can't, his Achilles heel. Why is his mind so torturous?
"You said it yourself- You were dangling yourself in front of her like bait," John's voice cracks, "You were ready to let her have you, and you're asking me why I had to put a stop to it?" he demands at Sherlock, trying to make him understand how unreasonable he's being.
His laughter feels like a breath of fresh air. John meets and returns his gaze, somehow unaffected by the complete lack of personal space, entranced by the sonorous hills and valleys of his voice. Sherlock's hair falls against the side of John's nose when their foreheads touch. He smells like laundered linen and that high-end shampoo of his laced with vetiver against the clean, crisp scent of his starchy, steam-pressed shirt.
“So she won't hear or you won't hear?” John tries to rise from his chair, but Sherlock clutches his arm, “—John—”“—Sherlock if my feelings annoy you, or make you jealous like Mary wants us to believe— I've said it before, you're free to leave,” he declares emotively, pain spurring him to act out. He whirls his hands expressively, then shunts his fists to his sides in a demonstration of anger, but really it’s a demonstration of pain.
"Precious," she says, referring to John's telling expression, "do you see the look on his face?" She asks Sherlock, who doesn't move to look at him. Shes not satisfied just torturing John clearly, she has to be cruel about it as well, as if injury alone without the insult weren't enough. John is unable to stand by and contain the all-consuming, blinding madness that seems to have come out of no where and completely taken him over.
"Says the addict," she says at which he naturally feels annoyed, "It never crosses your mind does it? That you might be susceptible to the same failings as everyone else." He bristles, her Cheshire smile really starting to grate on his nerves, "Even now, you could say you're succumbing to temptation, trying to get that confession you so desperately want."
He swallows when it makes the first move toward him, one hand stroking through the sand, the other crossing over gracefully in front, with the slinky, rolling shoulders of a jaguar pawing through desert. And then there's an cursory, even polite pause, as if to say "aren't you going to run?"
“You don’t need to be nervous,” Sherlock states intrepidly, taking the first step, “I approximate there are nine and twenty ways you could mess this up, only seventeen of which would be completely detrimental and irrevocable.”
“You have this pathological desire to win, even if it kills you,” she says. The comment disorients him. There's something admittedly unnerving, even foreboding, about the almost-literal phasing of it. He doesn't quite understand what he'd done to betray that information, or how she'd gleaned that from a simple chess game.
And there it is, that sinking, nervous feeling, the unmistakable and unforgiving pull of gravity taking over.
"Alright," John gives, trying to repress the edge in his voice. It was a bit much to fret over his friend's romantic interests like this, and maybe even a tad pathetic. If John was gay that would be one thing, but he was just a lonely, straight forty-three year old who was in dire need of a life.
"Where exactly do you think you're going?" he asks, with just an edge of dark humor, as if the idea of him walking anywhere of his own volition were a laughable one. The forbidding tenor of the captain's voice intimidates him, but he writes it off all the same.
The caped man guides the horse through the maze of trenches and barbed wire, up onto the vast, deserted plane of no man's land, which is filled with uncleared smoke from ammunitions and the dissipating vapors of mustard gas. It's a landscape of death, littered with bodies and rife with sunken explosives. John thinks he must be mad to walk this way, across the 100 foot gap between enemy lines, but then he remembers how the bullets failed to scatch him, leaving him unscathed.
The point of a... what? Come again? John wonders vaguely if this is some bizarre dream. "Where are you going?" he asks irrationally after him. Seeing him walk off like that does things to him he would never admit to. He's wearing a cologne that wafts around him, sweeping over John like a wave as he walks by.
"I was curious whether you were coming back," she says. Sherlock contains his annoyance at the jab at how his transport momentarily highjacked him and commands it to
little mermaid, adorable, sing-song, nonthreatening, not this creature with glowing green eyes and metallic scales and canines that could tear a person apart. The way it lurks in darkness, obscured by the depths, vanishing in and out of visibility, is like something out of
“As that would defeat the purpose of all of this keeping you alive business,” John tails on ironically.
“Maybe you have to kiss him,” she concedes, noting the lack of any response or improvement whatsoever.
John has listened carefully, arms clasped behind his back. He waits, letting the words settle and do their worst. He's not surprised, of course, he knew Sherlock remembered.
The silence is grating- even so the television repels him. He turns it on anyway. He tries some crap soap channel as a distraction but it fails to keep his thoughts from roaming, until it breaches the ever-pervasive topic of how person A cheated on person B with person C, at which point he clicks it off. The worn floorboards creak as he pads around, reaching for a medical journal that affords him little distraction. He ends up glowering at the blank television screen, rubbing his temple.
Sherlock’s trying not to grit his teeth, biting softly on his index as it twirls restlessly over his canine. The pleasure surpasses another tier and he ends up biting down on his knuckle to keep the vocals at bay. “He’s sorry.” He obviously wasn’t before, but Sherlock looks very sorry right now, John thinks, smiling a smug and black-hearted smile that comes across tender and sweet as he looks into his fiancée’s eyes. “Yes, I think so.”
," she says, setting the record straight in case there was any doubt left in his head, for every discrete little microphone listening to hear.
“I suppose you could try,” he remarks absently, flipping through the mail, “not that it’d be any use at this point, seeing that he’s going into REM.”
“Oh, I’ve got it,” John says, walking over and taking a seat on the roller stool for a lower vantage point. John can readily see the boy's shoulders are misaligned and has already formulated a diagnosis, but he lifts his shirt for him so he can take a look anyway.
She stares at him for a moment, apparently quite floored. She looks so genuinely baffled in a way that very nearly makes Sherlock second guess himself.
“No," Sherlock looks and sounds deeply affected, tightening his arms around him, "You’re okay now, John. You’re fine. You’re going to be fine.”
"Well I could try to fix him I suppose. But he wouldn't be the same. So I don't see the point," she muses, stroking his hair, taken a seat at the head of his bed. He wishes she wouldn't do that. It's horribly distracting. It feels like she's grinding the shattered remains of what used to be his heart into smaller, splinter-sized pieces with a rusty metal cheese grater.
He wants to tell those under-siege eyes everything but doesn't know how. In fact, he rather thinks he shouldn't tell him, how it's killing him inside and he can’t simply forget or take it in stride, how he's not as resilient as his counterpart is. He wants to vent his frustrations, the rageful pain battering inside him like a hurricane, not knowing how he could ever get him to understand that he's his
“That’s fine Sherlock,” John snips, writing him off, “but Mary, as you will inevitability observe— I don’t love him and I never will love him like I loved your mother,” he declares, then done with his rant, turns on his heel and takes his exit.
"Just talk to me will you?" he asks, "Tell me something. Anything." John is looking at him pleadingly but he won't meet his eyes, staring fixedly at the kitchen tile. Desperate, he reaches for Sherlock hand across the table but Sherlock retracts it. It's such a small thing, but it probably would've hurt less if Sherlock punched him straight in the face.
“Shit. There really is charcoal in you hair.” Sherlock raises his eyebrows against soft, half-lidded eyes in an expression of scintillating integrity,
what happened," he insists with sudden vehemence, "We both know  that is a bold-faced lie. I'm not interested in hearing your absurd ungrounded insinuations- You've got no right talking complete nonsense about things you would have no way of knowing-"
Upon closer inspection, he sees what appears to be carnage, badly mangled, having washed up on the shore. And then he sees the countless rows of white teeth and the pit of his stomach sinks, twisting into knots. His skin crawls even as he tries to push the creeping sensation 'you know what did this' to the back of his mind.
It's Sherlock, lying horizontal, eyes closed. The monitor displays no heartrate, no brain activity, and a bunch of useless numbers he doesn't understand. He's not breathing.
Sherlock: Yes, that and another miscellaneous brand sold in tourist shops that reportedly goes under the title of "make-out mints".
Sherlock frowns, looks confused, and in the end he just guesses, placing his hands on John’s hips, clasping around his back so that his arms ring around John, like John’s ring around him.
“You would know exactly what to say to make me stop,” his voice is haunting, downright possessed. He's not well, that much is frightening obvious.
John turns to him with a smile across his lips, eyes deep sapphire blue. “I’m just relieved it hasn’t gotten to that point yet,” he replies, then he leans forward, stroking his fingers through Sherlock’s fringe. His eyes widen in amazement as the digits string through the darkness of his hair, picking up stray carbon particles.
"Shut up!" he yells at him. Under the overhead lights he cuts a dark and indignant silhouette with shoulders quaking in rage, commanding a don't-push-me-or-I-swear-I'll-smack-you voice that rings from the walls. He's not liking having Sherlock throwing a searchlight on the guilt he's been trying so hard to ignore. But when Sherlock's jaw wires shut at the ultimatum and all he can do is glare his dissent, John realizes the silent accusations are so much worse than the verbal ones.
“Why? Why are you doing this? Would you at least talk to me? What have I done to piss you off this much?”
“Hm?” John asks innocently, turning his head back to the blushing brunet whose pants he has his hand down.
John can't say he actually disapproves of his taste- he'd just never liked her, for whatever reason. He could say it was because she had been in league with Moriarty, or because she had double crossed him a number of times, but the truth is he could never really pin down why she bothered him.
-" "-and you're walking straight into certain death like a moth to a flame, saying you'll resent me for the rest of your life if I don't let you. You haven't any idea how unfair that is-" (Sherlock is rolling his eyes) "You won't talk to me, you won't even hear me, you're not even letting me keep you from getting yourself killed with all your uncompromising, unilateral decisions. You think I'm in the wrong and that I've no right to be doing this, when you've pushed me against a wall. What the hell else am I supposed to do?" "Not act so theatrical maybe-?" "This is not an
He wanders through the unmanned security desk and makes his way through the groaning hallway in the blinding dark, trying not to listen to the way the wind makes the walls creek. He stops dead in his tracks, a soft, high-pitched noise sends shiver up his spine. Turning his head, he catches wind of the shrill sound of violin playing far way, just barely audible over the crashing waves outside.
Mary turns to John, concerned,. “You ok?” she asks, and caresses his face in attempt to console his bitter sentiments, “Yes I’m fine,” he whispers back.
He gets the clearance as Mycroft promised. They want his fingerprints and retinal scans and other strange biometrics he doesn't question. After a few days he manages to work up the courage to set foot into that locked-down fortress where people rarely walk in and even less frequently walk out.
"It was his," Sherlock says frantically, pointing at the cadaver who cannot speak to defend himself, then pulls John to the side. "John what are you doing?" he whispers.
If there was one thing he could be sure about throughout the entirety of his time being hospitalized, waving in and out of delusion, it was Sherlock being dead. Because Sherlock being dead was the source of the the delusions, the substance of his nightmares, the pin in the pinwheel of his down-spiral into insanity.
"Don't you think it's romantic?" she asks curiously, because that’s the impression she’s gotten thus far.
“You left it on the coffee table,” Sherlock indicates the box of John’s possessions planted on the table.
As the two of them dip under the threshold into the homely expanse of the living room, their faces and shoulders are bathed in sepia from the artificial, overhead lighting. The room is carpeted in ivory synthetic and furnished with warm brown tones, leather sofa, sapele coffee table and ochre fireplace mantle. A secondhand, previous generation television sits on a stand, flat against the far wall, tuned to BBC one. Clara stands across from the pair on the far side of the room in the kitchenette alcove, helping a blonde three-year old into her miniature down jacket.
“What do you imagine that’s like? Hearing the person you love most is dead over the phone? Pleasant you think?”
And then something clamps down on his foot. There’s a look of transparent surprise on his face, a too-late realization he was mistaken, when he feels that it hurts. The sensation is very much unlike the smooth-planed, iron grip from the night prior, comprised of sharp, biting incisions, like a jar of razor blades. John releases a ragged sob of breath he’s unable to hold in, choking on the spike of pain so far above his threshold. His stomach lurches with pent-up anxiety and aggravation.
"Dad?" Mary’s voice sounds like glass, her deep blue eyes weighing down on him as though she doesn’t recognize him anymore. John swallows, feeling a sudden surge of guilt.
“I’ll be back for you, Sherlock Holmes,” he says with a brief glance that Sherlock can only describe as playful amusement. He vanishes through rear corridor, leaving Sherlock to piece together what exactly just happened and why.
It crawls over his legs, arms on either side of his waist, and John gives up, stopping his futile struggles. He watches helplessly as it moves over his body, out of some bored whim, just because it can. It leans nearer until they are face to face and it's eyes peer into his, catching his breath.
“If anyone has reason for these two not to wed, speak now or forever hold your peace,” is not usually something the pastor feels compelled to say, however on this particular occasion, he hesitates to preside with an official announcement of matrimony because he detects the presence of hell in the room. The question, of course, is met with silence, but this particular silence speaks much louder than words.
Before he has the opportunity to take a breath, it pulls him back down. He hears his mind squirm with a whimper he can’t make. He knows the surface is whirl-pooling above, reaches for it with his hand, but the monster arrests his other hand, immobilizing him. John would shriek out of physical and emotional agony at the tastable closeness of respite, if only he had anything left in his lungs and his throat wasn’t powerlessly mute. He gnashes his teeth vexedly as a pinpoint touch runs along his crackling, failing nerves, trailing across his collarbone. Then partly to the dismay of his fading consciousness, the tension throughout his frame softens from the taming influence of the touch. He feels it run up his jugular and withers against the delicate yet pleasurable sensation of it, surrendering in spite the failing pressure in his head. It holds him down for what seems like a specific duration, then lets go.
"Alright," John says numbly, as they make their way back to the entry room. He doesn’t mean to sound ungrateful, just that its more of a consolation prize than anything else. John takes one last look at Sherlock as they leave. Mycroft parts ways with him at the front gate to be escorted out by security personnel.
He knocks Sherlock down as he tries to escape and captures his wrists at his sides, holding him down against the hardwood floor. "Sherlock..." he says. Looking down at his flatmate, the horrible reality of what he's doing comes into vivid focus. If Sherlock were to happen upon the signs of struggle as part a case- the state of the furniture in disarray, the scuffs on the floor, or the ripples in the carpet- he would probably deduce some sort of brutal domestic violence scene had occurred. "This isn't what it seems like. This isn't what I.."
John is speechless, mouth open but no words coming to his defense, those eyes, the very same ones that would so often look at him like he's the only person on the planet, now looking at him like he wouldn't think twice about handing him a verdict for capital punishment.
“Everything alright with Sherlock, I trust.” Mycroft had offered his usual slimy, polite smile. John hadn’t said anything.
At any rate, this was only part one of the epilogue to The Way I Danced with You. It's one scene but so longggg. Why it has to be, I wish I knew. DXX Below is John's Listerine/mint usage. Take a gander.
“John she’s cheating on him with us,” Sherlock’s voice rises triumphantly from the far-off kitchen, “Could it be she loves us more than the husband!” His voice is a ray of light, an outburst of playful, gleeful, ecstatic warmth that is in stark contrast to the mournful week-long spell of temperamental, overall irritable behaviour and desolately sad violin music John has taken the brunt of thus far. Sherlock had even veered off into playing something about unrequited love that had rendered John unable to breathe and begging the ceiling quietly for mercy.
Sherlock shakes his head in confusion. Something about the man doesn’t add up. He must be at least some kind of double agent, seeing that his accent is British but his gun is government-issued American. Although the way he speaks is almost unnaturally perfect, giving the impression that it was learned— that English is a second language. And that makes him what? Triple?
“I didn’t want you to hear anything,” Sherlock says, his voice a grey, lackluster monotone. John swallows a lump in his throat, trying to bury the burning desire to demand
It’s really starting to come off like a prank call, but it is his voice, the voice John used to play on repeat at odd hours of the night, “
Interrupt what? he thinks, haplessly. Interrupting would imply some level of interaction, which is largely limited at this point.
“I suspect he’s brought it with him,” Sherlock concurs, a sly smirk curving on his features. It's a recipe for disaster.
John turns around sharply, half expecting to find Sherlock there, admiring how his evil plan is working. Instead he finds his sister, Eurus, looking at him with an amused smile.
“It’s a facile enough definition but there is no leeway in what it is. There is no separate, softer definition to accommodate soppy sentimental ideas like adoptive parents, same-sex parents, or anything of the like,” he rambles, his voice becoming derisively maudlin and trite. John swallows painfully, listening.
"What is it you want from me?" Sherlock demands, exasperated. He puts a hand on his waist, which means that he's intent on being obstinate or/and vexing at the present moment. "That's the more pertinent question. Lately you only seem concerned with my whereabouts when there's someone else trying to get a leg over on me."
He turns away, pointedly not looking back. His mind is scrambling to understand how that could have happened. He tries to think about other things, like that sharks attack other sharks in a feeding frenzy, that a killer whale could do something like that if it wanted. But the state it was in- a great white ripped to shreds in the most animalistic of fashions, to a point beyond recognition.
There’s a shot from behind, unremarkable in every way, excluding the fact it’s the last one he hears. And then there’s the nerve endings, exploding like fireworks. The sound of them snapping.
A dark-haired mermaid lounges drearily on the sea floor, arms outstretched, tail dusting the sand, and stares up into the undulating patterns of diffraction criss-crossing on the surface. The light sweeps over his pale skin, bathing him in strips of alternating brightness and darkness. He closes his eyes and listens the static in his ears, fringe sifting idly above his black lashes in the vague current.
, he mutters under his breath. He can't imagine what the monstrosity looks like now. He's beginning to wish he hadn't taken it out of the fridge.
"No-" his voice breaks despite his best efforts. The distance between them suddenly seems so vast, too vast, and as he feels himself falling to his knees he reaches out for him. It's all wrong, so horribly wrong but he can't think of what to say to undo it.
, or you can go on and tell her I’m not seeing anyone,” John tells him in his authoritative, putting-his-foot-down voice. Keeping his eyes trained on Sherlock, he jabs his finger toward their daughter like he’s telling a dog to go fetch.
Sherlock looks dumbstruck at first, but then he swallows and his lips reform that atrocious smile. Now he’s playing with the fork in his mouth, biting his lip. He looks like lust, his shirt’s falling off one shoulder, peeling off gleaming white skin. His knee takes to nudging against John’s incessantly, and eventually John just grips it. Sherlock’s all over the place, boneless, out of control, but it’s all perfectly intentional. It’s always perfectly calculated with Sherlock, even when he goes off the bend. John knows he’s laughing internally, teasing, being intentionally torturous, because he knows John won’t touch him.
“And you’re prone to that, are you? Confabulation,” John scoffs, amazed that a man of science can be this dually talented at bullshitting, “How about lying by omission?”
Sherlock looks at him, puzzled, putting a hand on his hip to communicate his impatience. "What condition?"
“So, tell me how I can be of service,” Mycroft was saying after taking their seats, getting straight to the point.
"You can't do this." But Sherlock fails to register it's not an objection, but an ultimatum. He starts to move forward, but John stops him in his tracks, capturing him by the forearm. "I won't let you." Sherlock falls back a step, taken off guard.
"Careful what you wish for, Mr. Holmes." She laughs at how his face betrays his uncertainty and again he's at a loss as to what she finds so amusing.
“For god’s sake—“ John starts, audibly vexed, but checks himself and resumes at a more docile volume, “how long has he been like that?” he indicates the despondent individual on the settee, who can hear them, surely, but isn’t listening for lack of concern for mortal matters. So it is suitable to continue on as though he’s not there.
“Or you’re just,” John continues, finding it difficult to speak, possibly because he’s looking at the beckoning pavement below, remembering how his heart broke apart and bled out on that swept-clean sidewalk. “trying to stop me from following you,” His knees are about to buckle any second.
for what, the sole purpose of giving him a heart attack?" Lestrade says dubiously, failing to see the connection. To say it's a bit of a stretch is an understatement.
Sherlock looks at him uncomprehendingly. Doesn't he understand he's hindering the whole investigation?
"What?" she gives at his ominous, very-pleased-with-himself smile. His finger rims around the edge of his wine glass, which his restless mind has repurposed to cater his fidgeting habits rather than its conventional use as an aid to sip brain-slowing concoctions.
The brunet sniffs blood and suddenly the shark comes crashing down beside them with a gaping, ribbed mouth, swiping a bite. He reflexively withdraws the human specimen into his chest and hisses in annoyance, cradling the scalp in his fingers. Then with a powerful thrash, the mythical creature takes off furiously with his human in his arms and breaks the surface. He looks down through the glassy seawater and narrows his eyes at the archaic fish circling beneath them.
“Facts are facts,” he says in a pristine display of rigidity, his voice a growing crescendo of volume, his burning blue, iron gaze piercing through the crowd.
Thanks to an opportune flash of static in the sky, John can discern a patch of rock penetrating the sky line 20 meters away. He seizes the opportunity and crawls toward it before he loses his orientation again. He only makes it about halfway though.
What the hell? he keeps thinking on repeat. His thoughts start looping, trying to process what he's seeing. Was this what she met by Sherlock was here? That Sherlock was dead? She didn't care to mention that? Is this some kind of prank?
Only a few strokes from the oasis of dry land, a hand wraps around his foot and his eyes light up with confusion. He’s drawn underwater a few feet again, muscle-memory of the recent sensation of drowning inducing a feeling of dread.
John turns over on top of him,   a fiendish, threatening smile lurking beneath the look of generic, do-gooder niceness typically plastered on his face, staring the sleuth down with a deep, dark glare as if he might just pick a fight over this.
There’s that settled, serene calm again, hard in his veins, the stilling of his heartbeat he does instinctively when he’s about to pull the trigger. And he turns around. Looking over his shoulder, the entrance to the pathological department is gaping wide open, waiting for him. He smiles with a cold familiarity at the building front, it’s never-changing, preserved stone face.
a rapist. And you thought it would be a good idea to go on a date with said rapist. All by your lonesome."
The realization hits him, makes him feel hot and cold at the same time. He can't move, frozen in that one spot, his breath catching in his throat. He stands like that for a while, numb not from the freezing cold but from shock.
Regardless of how many victims just like Sherlock he'd handed over to the police, he hadn't a clue what it was like. If he's honest with himself he's remarkably ill-prepared for this kind of grief. It's excruciating and there's no prospect of closure- just the constant, nagging anxiety that the same thing might happen again. He clenches teeth, holding back a sob, and tries not to tear his hair out.
he seizes some obscure off-beat moment to admit, after the somewhat awkward pause. All of his movements are perfectly synchronized due to a superior sense of rhythm, yet somehow this singular response manages to evade all that powerful machinery and emerge disjointed.
He marvels at his frailty, the ethereal, unearthly paleness verging on anaemia, the skeletal frame and starved features resembling anorexia. His fringe folds backward on itself, revealing emaciated temples and engraved cheekbones, and John muses how the architecture of his skull is such an incredibly brittle cage for the roaring engine within.
There had been an exchange of words before the final sound of the gun. He had heard what would be the final words of their would-be murder suspect, now lying in a body bag at the morgue. But even when he manages to piece it together, the words were barely recognizable, distorted in the depths of the pool where sound traveled slow and in strange, garbled variations.
Sherlock is sprawled comfortably on the Persian medallion-pattern carpet like a starfish, the back of his wrist laid out on his forehead, mouth curved into an all-knowing smile. John leans over him like he’s admiring the intriguingly beautiful depths of a tidal pool, hand planted on Sherlock’s further side.
There’s a sharpness to its gaze that shouldn’t be there. As it leans forward it sets John on edge— the way its eyes cut into him him with an incisiveness that seems to convey its mind is just as sharp as it teeth, implicative of that silent, deadly weapon— intellect— and a more volatile, passionate nature smoldering beneath the surface, like fire tiptoeing around gasoline.
was the last time Sherlock set foot on a crime scene in the light of day, the last time Sherlock basked in the glory of his mind palace without infant screams shattering its megalithic walls, the last time Sherlock was anything more than just a rotting mess of neurons fulfilling the banal chores of a housewife, the last time Sherlock was Sherlock at all.
or some permutation of invectives thereof. But he doesn't actually know how to finish that sentence. What was he supposed to say? That this was because he loved him? That that was something that Sherlock had no chance of reasoning with, talking him out of, or arguing with-- that it wasn't a logical or rational thing?
