When his ma called him back hours later, Steve was understandably heartbroken. He had to say goodbye to his new friend, but Tony promised to see him again the next day. Steve was uncertain, believing his wish was coming to an end, but he still held to that promise, hoping with all his little heart for his friend to come back.
Tony twitched at the sudden question and quickly berated himself at the reflex. He had been doing so well. “There’s always something on my mind, you know that, Brucie.”
The arms that had previously held him down, Stane’s and Hammer’s, were gone now, but Tony didn’t move. He was lying across one of the cushions of the coach. His arms tucked against his chest. He felt his own heartbeat settle but it did nothing for the cold chill of loss going through him. His gaze was focused on the roof. Blankly staring as thoughts of violence coursed through his mind. Setting the coach on fire and burning both Hammer and Stane alive with him. Smashing a window and cutting Hammer’s throat with the shattered glass. Stabbing Stane’s bulging stomach with it. Ripping their flesh with his own canines. The taste of their blood over his tongue. Would it be bitter like most, or would it have a sweet flavor that only revenge could season it with?
Steve was attentive to him for every second he ate. Offering more when he finished his given portion and always at the ready with a canteen when Tony requested it. Tony had to eventually bat him away and order him to eat some of the food himself when he suspected the alpha wasn’t going to eat his share until Tony was finished.
Clint even looked nervous after hearing that, walking closer to Sam as if trying to use him as a shield. Sam wasn’t having any of it. “Don’t even think about it. You brought this upon yourself, you’re dealing with it.”
“Keep going and ignore them. We just need to reach the trees and we’ll never see any of them again,” Bruce whispered, and even though Bruce was doing his best to help Tony through this Tony still felt the tension radiating from the other omega’s body. Bruce didn’t like the stares anymore than Tony did.
Slick meant he was moments away from succumbing to the need and they were still a distance from the town. Too far with the pace they were going. He wasn’t going to have enough time before it hit.
The issue was, Steve looked too genuine and open for it to be all a trick. Some of the Avengers appeared to be too serious to find a childish trick funny, too. They would probably think it a waste of their time when they could be doing something else, like fighting Hydra and saving lives. This was the Avengers, they wouldn’t be wasting their time for nothing, right?
him. For some reason or another, however, Steve didn’t push forward, didn’t ask further about his past. He simply held Tony closer and tucked his nose in his neck. He pushed against Tony, prompting Tony to lie on his back and have who-knows-how-many pounds of young alpha resting his upper body on his chest.
But none of them realized their mistake quite like Prior had. The color was completely gone from his face with no traces of the mini rage ever being present. Fear was written all over his body and had they been in their shifted forms Tony was absolutely sure that Prior would've had his tail between his legs and ears down as he bared his neck to Bruce.
“No, you're not,” he repeated. He might have said it with no reason but Tony was sticking to it, proof or not.
A hand on his own silenced the alpha. Tony gripped it tightly. Both in comfort and in desperation. He couldn’t bear hearing it. “Steve, it’s fine.”
Hammer had once had him in his grip. Hammer and Obie did. Leaving almost seemed impossible back then and the idea of staying packless and dying out wild and feral had terrified him to the bone. Fear had clutched at his very being, but betrayal had finally released it. Obie using his gauntlet against what he believed was perhaps the best thing that could’ve happened to him. It gave him the push, the desperation to leave and led him to finding the Avengers and finding Steve and brought Rhodey back to him.
Steve naturally hesitated but moved nonetheless. It was a slow thrust but enough for Tony to know the experience was pure pleasure. It was brief but it was enough. Then Steve pulled back to thrust in again, picking up the pace when Tony moaned against his lips. The ecstasy was mindblowing. His walls welcomed Steve with opened arms, sucking him in and milking any and every drop Steve had to offer. His abdomen burned with want, with a need he never felt before, and only Steve could provide what was needed to sate it.
“I don’t want to be left behind!” Tony snapped. Eyes tightly shut as his throat burned from the sudden outburst, but damn it all he couldn’t let it go on without having a word in it. He didn’t want to get left behind. Chucked away like a dirty secret or abandoned. He wanted to stay near them all. He wanted to be useful, even if it meant as moral support. He could… he could
All three nodded and waited patiently for the order to head out. Seeing as all the Avengers had shifted, Tony took advantage of the gathering to note down their forms again. He spotted the golden dingo Hank already lying on the ground with his tongue out and next to him was the black coyote Sam sitting upright. Loki was already curling around and hanging on the nearest branch to the ground, looking as menacing as a black python does without meaning to.
The beta stopped and her smile looked to almost split her face in half. “It’s the Avengers! The pack is here and they’re recruiting!” She ran off without another word.
He remained there for minutes, maybe even half an hour, until Steve reappeared again and looking out of breath. “It’s ready. Here, I’ll take you down to it.”
A flap of wings had all of them turning to the air. Jarvis was flying over them, squawking in concern and worry, fully aware of the situation Tony had gotten himself into. Tony took the opportunity and turned to run for his life. He tripped on his jump, didn't acknowledge the pain in his paw and kept going. He ran all the way back to where Vision stood guard of the rabbits and where Bruce was seated, watching over the little machine. If he could reach Bruce then he had a chance of surviving with the Hulk taking on the pack.
He counted his blessings that the alpha leader didn’t consider him a threat and attacked him or sent his pack after him. There had been many occasions where traveling packs had attacked anyone who ran into them. Walking up to a pack showed no ill intent, but running was considered a hostility, a form to strike swiftly against the pack and catching them off-guard.
Yes, yes of course. Steve was asking, letting Tony decide. He could decline or accept. It was his choice. And it was true. Not like he didn't already have Steve and all of his naked glory behind him. What's some water added to the mix?
He didn’t even think about that. He was officially Steve’s mate, Steve’s omega, meaning he could take up Steve’s name and he could be a Rogers.
But if the Avengers wanted him for another reason, a specific reason that involved sharing him around or even just being given for one to use… Tony would still say yes. That was basically all he was with Hammer with a side of creating weapons. He wasn’t a mate. The word didn’t even come close to describing their relationship. No, Tony had years to think about what he had been to Hammer and he had learned to accept it. The Avengers didn’t know he could create. What else would they want Tony for if not for pack mother or a den omega? What else would Tony be good for?
, the very wings that everyone complained about for being introduced- stretched out as if ready to take off.
Hank ran a hand over his face, clearly trying to keep his emotions down. “We used to live in a town with a family pack. We were settled. Had our careers going. Jan a clothing designer and I an alchemist. We didn’t lack necessities and business was high. A perfect environment to raise one of our own, but it was difficult. We had agreed for Jan to carry, but after five heats with no results, we decided for me to try. I was no better,” he gave a decrepit laugh. “It took multiple attempts. So much that the very mention of heats left us anxious, but finally we were expecting and it was I carrying.”
“Right.” The beta had a good point. Tony was still in the early stage of his heat. His body was building up until the moment he was ripe to mate and his pheromones became stronger than ever to attract suitors. He was still mobile and the tingling in his abdomen wasn’t uncomfortable yet, but that was soon to change and he’d rather be on a bed before it officially took over.
Tony gave a huff and trotted over to a now sitting Bruce resting against a tree. Vision was already there and swaying side to side, still apparently mocking him.
, thank you!” Peter hugged both Ben and May, thanked them seven more times, gave Tony’s front left leg a tight hug and determinedly tried to climb the carriage to reach his seat.
The wolfish smile that Rhodey gave him was the same smile he often gave when they were younger and Tony felt the years melt away. He was a teen all over again. “Tony!”
“I will.” Tony guessed now was a good time as any to get talking. He hoped Hank wasn’t too harsh in his reprimand. While deserving, Tony didn’t believe he’d be able to handle it without his emotions peaking so shortly after his heat. The last thing he wanted was for the image of the Avengers soiled by their omega crying in an Inn.
Tony shivered. Promises always came at a cost for the promiser when it came to Hammer, and Hammer was going to demand something large if he was willing to allow Tony to carry his child to full term.
Tony wouldn’t allow it. He wouldn’t see that pained expression again. He had to prevent it. He had to run and never look back. Even if it meant death for him. He had to run.
.” Hammer stopped right in front of him. His eyes slowly lowered from his face down to his legs and back up. The alpha was rapt by his body.
Loki, because of his skill in magic, would break the occasional cursed item brought in by a shifter misfortuned enough to gain a family heirloom that had questionable practices. He would look insulted doing so, probably arguing why he was using precious time on such a mundane task, but nonetheless finish lifting the curse. Thor, while not outright having merchandise to sell that Tony knew of, was responsible for bringing in Loki’s clients. The mention of the word ‘curse’ and Thor would quickly direct the afflicted to Loki’s direction, promising them that the serpent shifter could aid them.
Tony felt his heart sink. He had enough coin to get a new set of clothing. If he managed it correctly perhaps even two sets. Anything else he couldn’t afford it. Not yet until he managed to find a way to earn coin for himself. No matter how tempting the glazed bread was he couldn’t do it. “They sound great, but maybe not today,” he pride himself for managing to keep his disappointment from leaking in his voice.
Next to them was the big fellow that Tony couldn’t identify, Thor, and the other tall fellow who Tony also couldn’t identify, Loki. There was something about them that Tony just couldn’t place. It was like Bruce all over again. Something smelled off, but what was it this time? What were the odds that there was another Hulk in their shifts? If that was the case then it’d be perfect for Bruce. He wouldn’t feel like an outcast and alone, but Tony highly doubted the possibility of it.
Tony had to pause at that and think it over. “I know you mean ten as a compliment in cockatoo years, but to us two legs ten is still a child. I don't know how I feel about looking like a kid.”
“And I’ll show you more than one thrown pillow when we start our moon run. Watch your back, Clint,” Steve said as he continued walking up the stairs.
The machine whistled a ‘you’re welcome’ before asking to be picked up. Tony cradled him under his arm, using his hip to hold him still and made for the door, picking up his pack with the few coins he still had inside along the way. He didn’t know if the others were already awake or what time they were supposed to be ready to head out, but it was better to be safe than sorry and head down and wait. Better he be the one to wait instead of keeping his new pack waiting on him. Even if the panic from the previous day haunted him a little. Just the thought of joining the others and possibly experience another distressing scene made him nervous.
And from the way Bruce was also staring at her he figured the other omega was having similar thoughts as well, or at least something along the lines.
No, Steve wasn’t lucky to have him, as Rhodey, Jan and Bruce had said to the Commandos, nor was Tony changing his life, as Bucky and Sam had added. It was Tony who was so damn lucky and it was
“That’s enough, leave him alone, Sam,” Jan cut in before Sam continued, effectively ending their banter. “Just because he has a more handsome face than yours.”
He found he wasn’t too worried about the dangers of ill characters. Not with Steve and the Hulk by his side. He was more worried about the everyday folks of the town. What would they say upon seeing their small group? About the Captain traveling with his pack’s alchemist, with an omega about to enter his cycle and with a monstrous wolf stomping right behind. Would the Hulk cause panic? Would the citizens think it shameful of the Captain to freely accompany an omega in heat out in public?
Tony had no idea what she was referring to, but he wisely kept still inside, even if his instincts to go out were itching under his skin.
Rhodey didn’t mock him, didn’t frown. He simply got closer and reached out to place a hand on his shoulder. “They’re coming back, Tones. This is their den after all.”
“No, this is fine,” Tony reassured, contemplating what the alpha had said. Bruce and him could have a room all on their own. While it sounded like the ideal accommodation he found the proposal lonely. It was one thing to sleep the nights alone in a shack, seeing as the little make-shift housing wasn’t by design to be very spaceful. These rooms, however, they had a lot of space, almost about the same space as the storage rooms he slept in when Hammer tired of him and kicked him out to have a much needed break. Perhaps even more, considering it was near empty and had no materials to fill up the space.
At least Hank wanted to wait until Tony was in a better spot before saying what he wished to say. Tony didn’t believe he’d be able to handle it rationally otherwise. He nodded and they continued down the thankfully empty road with the sun high in the sky. The heat of the sun adding to his already feverish body growing even more by the second. His fur not helping the situation one bit. He hadn’t reached uncomfortable levels yet, but from what he already felt he knew he was cutting it close. He was either going to enter the peak of his cycle right before they arrived in the town, or enter his cycle in the middle of the road where raiders and thieves were not monitored.
There had been no pleasure getting rid of these unnatural heats that his body sometimes produced, or the remedies brought forth. Then his body stopped those heats entirely, finally surrendering, and Hammer never tried for a pup again so he no longer had been obligated to take those remedies. He was free. Heart stricken, but free.
And seeing Bruce clear his throat while turning away in an attempt to hide his coloring cheeks was well worth it.
How did he feel? In all honesty, he felt scared, terrified of what his future with his pack would be, of his relationship with Steve now that the alpha was aware of Tony’s infertile nature, and of what years with nothing only for his heat to return meant. He also felt hot and felt his body become irritable thanks to his cycle. He had forgotten about the itch that only a partner could scratch and the sweat the warmth brought with it.
“Tony,” Steve interrupted, sounding strained and blocked Tony from looking at the naked shifters. Tony blinked and directed his gaze to Steve’s shining blue eyes. “Do you want to go swim with me - I mean, us - uh, the pack! Do you want to swim with the pack?”
Then one year… no letter came. Tony dug through and scoured the thousands of letters, but not a single one was from Steve.
If Hammer wanted to get rid of him, this was the perfect environment. Tony would never see him coming.
“Sorry, Sweetheart,” Steve said with a little remorse, “It’s going to be uncomfortable, but we have to get a move on. Hulk can get you there faster.”
Steve didn’t need the truth haunting him when he had so much already to worry about. The contract, the journey, their pack’s safety.Tony had no right to throw his own issues at the alpha when he least wanted to hear of them. And so Tony kept quiet. His secret a ticking explosion just waiting to happen and dangerous to hold at such a vulnerable time.
With the orders out they began moving again, heading deeper in town where residents were joining the day and walking around. Upon the sight of the Avengers each single one of them stopped to look. Alphas, betas and omegas alike and of any age gawked and waved and cheered, shouting hellos in every volume available. Some of them dared to get closer for a better look and gave each and every one of them a glance and a large grin up until they spotted Tony and Bruce. Their faces quickly changed to confusion from not having known the Avengers had included two new members.
Steve held tight to him that night. Tighter than usual. Tony understood why. The urge to protect one’s mate from danger was a strong one. For an alpha it hit worse. It went against their very instincts to allow their mates anywhere near it, and Tony could only imagine what was running through Steve’s head at the thought of him joining the journey.
? Do you know how long I’ve been living in these shacks? How long we’ve all been living in these shacks? I’ve watched countless packs pass us by without a single one offering to recruit me, and when the
Still in his arms the alpha walked over to the carved out spot with the drain and gently sat Tony down. The essential oils and rags were within arms reach and soon Steve brought two buckets full of warm water for them to use. He then sat comfortably behind Tony after taking his pants off, legs on either side of him, and scooped up water from the buckets to begin rinsing them.
attractive… meaning he was the famous Captain and Tony had gone and made himself a laughing stock by kissing the ground in front of him.
Bruce’s eyes softened from the confusion that appeared. That confusion slowly changed to realization and then to sympathy. Tony looked away, eyes to the ground and with a heavy feeling in his heart. “No matter what one says, what they promise, a pup is reason enough to take it all back and change their minds. Steve… Steve would make a wonderful father, but he needs someone capable of giving him the chance.”
knowing he wasn’t the only one wearing night clothing. He didn’t have to explain or make up an excuse.
“It matters not your origin,” Thor said, “only your acts, and you have proven yourself to be a noble warrior and ally. Had it not been for your strength I fear many of us would have found ourselves by Death’s door. We thank you for your hand and I am honored to name you friend.”
Apparently, their sorry excuse of a conversation was too painful to watch. The Avengers sitting nearest to them facepalmed and groaned while those furthest were a mix of disbelief, annoyance and somehow found the whole exchange hilarious.
It was natural to be so, considering Tony and Bruce were new to the pack and still unfamiliar. There was also the added aspect of them being omegas, and from the way the Avengers behaved with respectable manners (when the moments called for it, otherwise Tony was getting the idea the Avengers were a very playful pack) it was naturally expected for newly added omegas to have space of their own, especially unmated omegas, and slowly get included into the pack pile.
Face red with shame and guilt he took deep breaths. How could he talk to the alpha now? What right did he have to when he was so… so
“Our Captain is able to smell misery in the air,” Loki finished without hesitation. “Your earlier show has left a large trail for him to follow. He is simply concerned for your well-being. A wonderful mate, is he not?” The serpent shifter lazily stared at him.
They all did as planned and split, the whole pack going where they were ordered to go. Tony and Bruce followed after Clint, as per Steve’s command. They were to remain in hiding and strike from the shadows until the signal was given for them all to charge. Until then, bring down as many as they could from those patrolling the outer ring and forest without alerting anyone. They were to do their part to lessen the numbers.
Tony opened his eyes questioningly at the alpha and was met with Steve’s look of shock and horror. “What are you
“I… I just said that out loud, didn’t I?” Steve’s lips curled upward awkwardly, eyes puffy and red and a sob escaped him. “This isn’t exactly how I wanted to tell you.”
The air left his body as if it had been knocked out of him and Tony choked up a bit. Before he could respond to the comment about Steve, because Tony wasn’t worth anything to be able to see, Jarvis took the last few steps needed for him to move up Tony’s chest and curled up near his neck and under his chin. “If I may be so bold, Sir, do not comment on how you have no worth. While you are very much a genius you are also very foolish and I do not understand why you are deliberately blind to what we all see.”
“Oh,” that made sense. Steve standing up to those who dare pick on others for their own self image. A true hero. “Well, those that get his eye are extremely lucky then, having the Captain defend their honor,” he tried joking.
“It doesn’t because I left my old pack. Call it retirement if you want, but the leave they gave me wasn’t enough time. I needed more to scour every road and every stone and every forest and every inch of land to look for you.”
“It’s tempting,” Hammer squeezed, “to have a whore like yourself warm my bed, but you’re more useful to me as a smithy than you are as a piece of ass, but what a
That got them all moving. Bruce went to pull the rabbits away from the fire and Tony took the opportunity to sit properly on the table, turning away to not look at the Avengers’ intense gazes. He figured it was the hint necessary to get them to leave but all that happened was one of the members, a slim blonde beta that carried a bow on his back, stepped up and said, “Great! I’m starving. Got enough for a whole pack?”
That bashfulness was quickly replaced by smugness. Steve wrapped an arm around Tony’s shoulder and pulled him close. “Tony,” was all he said.
Tony chuckled, “I’ll wait. In the meantime, you better get back to your pack and get looked at. Don’t want any broken bones on you.”
“I already tried. Rhodey is still a bit bashful with me. Once I get my chance I’ll make sure he never puts on clothes again. He’ll be too tired to.”
This particular forest had a collection of hyperaware rabbits. No matter how quiet Tony tried walking the forest floor every single rabbit heard him miles away and disappeared from sight. The only reason Tony managed to catch the last three was thanks to a very large part to Jarvis for knocking them down over and over until Tony got close enough to get them.
“Well? Are you to come in or do you wish to remain there?” a voice that was clearly Loki’s echoed to him.
He basked under the shining sun, enjoying the sounds of the dirt and pebbles crunching under his foot. Then he felt Jarvis yank strands of his hair none too gently and his instincts began screaming all over again.
“Probably not, but how will I play nice with the other kids if I don’t at least try and talk to them?”
He reached out for one of the many bottles of oil, decided on one that didn’t have much of a scent radiating from it and poured what he thought was enough to get every inch of his hair. He picked another oil, slathered it on one of the rags and his hands and rubbed it on his body. He ran his hands over his shoulders and the rag on his neck, on his arms, on his chest, his belly, his thighs and his legs. He made another rub on those same places to make sure, ran the rag down the small of his back, went further down and rested them over his rear. He sucked in a breath before gathering as much of the oil from his body as he could and ran the rag down and in-between his cheeks.
He couldn’t respond. The aftermath of the sudden burst of betrayal leaving his body cold and numb. His breathing became shaky.
The movement made him unconsciously lift his hips further and spread his legs. Belatedly he realized he had presented himself slightly and as Steve kneeled in-between his opened legs and pushed them out further it was then his body finally released slick. Not the pathetically small amount he had always been prone to create before. Just for Steve his body went what felt above and beyond and nearly caused a gush to come out without effort. When the kisses Steve was lovingly leaving on his shoulders trailed higher to his neck Tony released a moan as his alpha’s lips brushed on the still soar and healing bite. He gasped when teeth bit softly over the crescent marks before quickly moving and sinking down on the purple skin Tony was still displaying from Steve’s earlier attention. Never once did his body tensed or flinched from it.
Tony whined and looked away. Steve was giving him giant blue pleading eyes and how could he resist that? “It's about… about marking.”
Tony almost didn't want to move. What if the moment he did whatever spell Steve was under would break and the alpha’s irritation and anger would return?
“You had Thor in that pile. Thor isn't exactly just a little weight,” Bucky huffed towards the direction the feline was sitting at.
“No, but it is occurring. Perhaps not on purpose, but you can’t deny you are doing it to your pit mates.” The serpent waved a hand, gesturing to the door in a silent way to say he was almost finished with their conversation. “I will not interfere, but should you ever gain the courage to reveal your skills you might find the results not to be as sizable as you imagined.”
She must have noticed him struggling to find an answer. “I’m James' mate, or Bucky as everyone else calls him.”
. Now, all three had to enjoy having the omega with them for as long as Bruce remained pack-less, but there was a glimmer of hope for Tony. Bruce didn’t appear to be in a hurry to find a new home, or even trying to.
The warm feeling of having a cockatoo wrap around the front of his neck soothed Tony to sleep. The next time he woke up it was to someone shaking his shoulder softly. When he refused to stir the shaking increased to the point that his entire top half was being rolled over.
“Are you excited for our run, Tony?” Jan said, eyes bright. “I hope you’re ready because you’re going to be my target after Hank.
Tony couldn’t help but laugh at the ridiculousness of his situation. Here he was. At the start of his heat with Steve sitting on top of him and holding a conversation together about trust and poetry and trying something new. All the while his body was begging for touch to settle this burn. He never imagined a heat would go in this fashion. “If you want to try this… we’ll try it. Just do something already.
“I didn’t know you could smith,” Clint sounded in awe, but not the type of awe that came from someone who just realized they could gain something with the newly revealed information. More in awe at having just discovered something very interesting with their curiosity sated and nothing else.
As leader of the pack, Steve had every right to demand Rhodey to move and take his place, but he didn’t. Instead, Steve slowly got closer until their snouts were inches away. He waited a few seconds for Tony to voice his objections and when none came he rubbed the side of his snout against Tony’s furred cheek. Tony returned the gesture happily. He could feel the tip of his tail wagging. Steve didn’t smell angry or upset, and instead of punishing him as expected he came ready to give affection.
Tony paced again, making his clothing swing with his movement. While the words might have given him a bit of a shock, it didn’t keep him distracted for long. The day’s planned journey swirling in his head and all the possible outcomes kept his mind busy. Something that was an annoyance for the cockatoo and little machine as they were bombarded by the same question from him over and over again.
yes, not the ones who I raised since they were newborns and decided to turn treason. All of you will put me in the ground.”
Tony might have gotten a temper from that. While he understood Steve posturing against Rhodey, another alpha, he didn’t get how Steve could posture against Pepper, a beta who was mated with Happy and, as his name would say, she was very happy about it.
“I wanted to wait,” the other omega shrugged. “Didn’t mind it. Come on, I think breakfast is done cooking and they’re about to eat.”
He wasn’t, but with a new option present and Jan to help settle the situation, maybe the reprimand and his place among the pack won’t be so bad. “I am.”
And from the way Pepper’s eyes widened he knew she realized her mistake. He hadn’t told them anything about his name and now it was going to all fall apart.
That was all before Howard had passed away and Stane had gotten his hands on him and the deal with Hammer had taken. Years under their care had truly left him with more than his physical scars. He would probably never fully recover after them.
That he was a foolish omega who couldn’t handle the pressure when things began to spiral out of his control and his first instinct was to… hide.
Tony ignored the little pain in his chest. How lucky they must be to have the opportunity. The one thing he could never do. “Not all war packs. The Avengers pack was formed with young shifters. I don’t think starting a family is in their minds yet. Could be they’re just curious to see the potential.”
“Oh,” he took a deep breath and his heart returned to a regular tempo. He hadn’t overslept. He hadn’t missed the Avengers, not yet.
The Hulk’s eyes narrowed. It was no verbal answer but it was enough. It caused everyone to stare at him in a new light. There were more questions in their minds. That was obvious, but at that moment it wasn’t the right time. Not while in enemy territory and Tony’s current situation. That and Natasha was beginning to glare. A glaring Natasha was someone none of them dared to face. Not even Loki.
“I imagine they do so to make their warriors mightier in their tales.” Thor said. “A most unique name is to be remembered easily.”
Bruce scrubbed his face, willing to get rid of the tension. “I terrified them all. God, if I had completely let go and released the other guy.”
“We’ll have to hunt then and find a spot to settle.” On cue, every bit of the alpha leader Steve was had appeared. He refused to move away from Tony as he barked orders for them to move. “Those who can, go on the hunt. Those who can’t, grab all the equipment. Jarvis, Redwing, can you find us a secured spot to rest for the night? Near a source of water is preferred.”
Steve released a whine. “What possible reason was there for you to travel alone to town? You can still be independent while having someone watch your back. No wait, you don’t have to tell me. It doesn’t matter. Just understand that I’ll be wanting to go along with you to town from now on. Me and some of our packmates.”
“I shall haunt him in his dreams tonight,” Loki said in a promise, breaking the silence. Everyone appeared to approve of the offer, nodding together before continuing the travel.
Sam was grinning a smug kind of grin as he lifted his hands in peace, wanting none of whatever followed after growling. “Meant nothing by it, Cap. I already got my hands full with him,” he pointed to Clint, who smiled and gave an approving nod.
Here comes,” Sam took a deep breath and scrunched up his face, trying to be intimidating as he whispered, “
They all looked so healthy and most importantly happy. So of course it naturally had nearly been ruined.
“I claim this in the name of Clint!” Clint said and ran off to sit on one spot that was shadowed and gave the perfect view of the area. He dropped the pack that he carried with him to mark it off.
was why. He thought it was a typical alpha moving in on another alpha’s territory and needing to defend it, not fearing his mate was going to run off with another alpha and leave him behind. “I’d -
Steve kissed his cheek. “I trust that you’ll get a belly full of food once the others return with the hunt and once you’re full we’re going to head for the creek over there and wash away most of this grime and blood. Then I’m going to lather your wounds in balm.”
Another roar echoed followed by three other roars and the three came face to face with four different frightening heads. They looked at the beast and they all knew what they were facing.
The beta must have noticed something on his face, for he lowered his snout and his ears. The guilt getting to him. “After you are cared for and in a better state of mind, I’d like to speak with you.”
Rhodey was awesome and usually offered him a glass of water upon his return followed by questioning if his wallet and keys were still on him and reminded him to eat up. He also advised him to enjoy it all while it lasted because age was catching up and erectile dysfunction was a bitch. A real fear that was brought up each time he mentioned it. The asshole.
“Do you call me a liar, Steven?” In Clint’s attempt at imitating an insulted individual he made the mistake of removing his hand and letting his nose take in clear, heated pheromones. He scrunched his face but didn’t cover his nose again. “Dammit, I do
He apologies and apologies, asking for forgiveness and feeling so damn hollow when they give it to him. Feeling an open wound bleeding and throbbing in his heart. Bile rising in his throat each time the phantom taste of blood returns upon looking at Bucky’s arm. Looking at Sam’s throat. Of what could have happened.
This chapter is dedicated to those who have seen Civil War/are about to see Civil War. You are all brave souls and you make the world a better place. Come back to me safe and sound, ya'll hear?
“I haven’t even seen her yet,” which was true. Tony hadn’t seen a hoof or mane of her. Her family taking up responsibility for the planning of the festivities meant Pepper was now offering input on how to make it productive and safe for the volunteering centaurs.
Tony could feel the stinging of fresh air on the bite. It hadn’t hurt in a sense of it being just pain. It had been a shock, yes, but the pain had been dulled thanks to it mingling with want and pleasure. It hadn’t been the worse he'd taken… just overwhelming. “It’s not that bad,” he manages with his head back. He might have even… enjoyed it.
He must have fallen asleep shortly after. One blink he was on his side comfortably with a knot connecting them, and the next he was being shaken gently with no knot and no strong arms holding him anymore. Steve was hovering over his frame, pants on and hand on his shoulder as he stirred him awake.
Tony would let him. Great deity of the sky he would let Steve do whatever he wanted if it meant having him.
“You four regroup with Thor and the others and stop any from reaching Steve’s group,” Clint ordered before he ran off into the direction of the clearing. “I’ll make sure to keep them alive until you get to us.”
I should have tagged and said this from the start, but for some reason I never got to it. This a/b/o fic has intersex/hermaphrodites as a norm here. Most of the second genders are, two of them aren’t. There’s going to be an intimate scene in the next chapter (sorry Kigichi, I lied. I changed things up after our conversation in the comments) so I felt I should’ve warned you now so you can decide to continue or not. If you continue reading get ready for some steamy action.
Ignoring him, Hill continued, “Fury wants you both in this jet and on course an hour ago. Get a move on. Your pilot will take you to your destination that will take approximately 4 hours and 20 minutes. Once you get there Fury will tell you the rest.”
Tony made a noise when Steve plucked him up and adjusted him on his lap as he took his spot on the couch. Tony could easily feel the trembling now and it was obvious it wasn’t caused from fear. Steve was barely holding back out of sheer will. Once comfortable Steve held Tony close, burying his face in-between his neck and shoulder. The blanket slid down from the movement, revealing all in the room the dark bruises decorating his neck.
, alphas weren’t doing it, but the gesture couldn’t have been that old. Time couldn’t have moved that fast. They looked to be in their late twenties only.
Tony didn’t pay them any mind. He was more amazed about the mansion. The more he looked around the more he found and the more he still couldn’t understand how this was the Avengers’ home. He must have showed his confusion on his face because when he made eye contact with Natasha she raised an eyebrow and formed the faintest smirk. “Surprised? Not what you expect from a war pack, I’m sure.” Tony felt embarrassment take over at being caught. She shifted her gaze to Bruce, who appeared to have the similar reaction as him.
, that they were there, what were the odds that they would travel near the territory of his pack, somehow end up meeting his pack and finding him? And from the way Rhodey demanded the location of someone he was pretty sure was meant to be him, he could take a guess and figure out it wasn’t all a huge coincidence.
Tony found the answer to his question. Yes, it was worth it. Even if he had to give his omega friend a talking to and teach the cockatoo some manners. He certainly didn’t remember the feathery menace being this snarky before.
Tony nodded and made sure his face showed no signs of anger. He honestly didn’t mind. Peter wasn’t a heavy child. In fact, he was lighter than most.
It took an embarrassing couple of seconds for Tony to figure out Steve was asking if he wanted another round together, even when he had a willing body in his arms. It was a pleasant and unexpected reassurance, knowing that even after they coupled and he had, in a sense, given permission Steve wasn’t going to just take when he wanted. After experiencing multiple occasions where Steve managed to surprise him with his words and actions Tony couldn’t believe his alpha could
“Gave them too much of a fighting chance if you ask me. Broke Steve’s shield clean in half,” Sam interjected, scrunching his face from the memory he had stated.
A booming laugh from Thor made their ears go lower and hunch a little but they laughed along awkwardly when Jan and Clint continued their tale of how Tony and even Bruce ended up joining the Avengers. Eventually their awkward laughing became genuine when the conversation somehow changed from Tony’s first meeting to Clint’s recent mishap that involved a tree, grease and a bunch of leaves and twigs.
Tony agreed to the first portion of her statement but was turning even redder towards the end and babbled something when she winked. He left to avoid any more embarrassment and managed to catch a “So, you’re basically single, right?” from Clint and watched as he and Sam stood casually near Rhodey.
From the kitchen Sam came out with a piece of cloth he was using to dry his hands. “What is Clint enjoying and do I need to chuck something at him for it?”
Steve smiled as well as he busied himself scrubbing at all the dirt that covered Tony’s skin and smelling content all throughout the task. Tony imagined his body was releasing his own content scent in response, easing his alpha’s piece of mind. It also helped that Steve’s hands were gentle as he brushed his fingertips over Tony’s figure.
Something brief passed in Steve’s eyes but was gone before Tony could decipher it. “He's welcome to join, too. The invitation goes to you both.” The alpha turned his head to look at the omega they were speaking of, prompting Tony to follow his gaze.
Instead of answering Jarvis moved his wings in a shrug and said “Is it not true? I believe Alpha Rogers’ interest is obvious.”
Tony swallowed heavily. No matter what answer he gave there was a pro and a con for it. He could gain work, but also risk getting used, or he could not gain work, but risk getting blackmailed. What was he to do?
“Get to work,” one beta gruffed. A balding man with a scar over his eye and a protruding belly. “Your alpha wants these done yesterday.”
“You have more company. I’d say yours. Better to stay in familiar territory,” even though he had said this Tony could notice how anxious Bruce had become. There was a fear of something engraved there. Perhaps his old pack was the reason for it, or perhaps it was learned from the experience of living in the shacks. Tony didn’t know how long Bruce had stayed here or how neglectful or physically violent the treatments could have gone behind doors. All he knew was a protective instinct flared up in him and he should might as well offer to share a shack together for their makeshift-pack that they were completely unaware they were creating.
There was an internal conflict in his mind as Tony created the image Steve had just described while also trying to pay attention to what Steve was doing. The alpha’s oiled fingers smoothed the surface of his erection as he sank down slowly. Tony didn’t know which one to focus on.
“Are they going to catch anything anytime soon?” Tony casually said to the leader of the pack but when he turned he found Steve wasn’t even sitting next to him anymore. Instead, Steve was standing next to the nearest tree on their spot and was in the middle of removing the pieces of armor over his legs and groin area, leaving his shirt and pants as the only source of cover that left little to the imagination.
“On second thought,” Steve’s ears perked up, “fruits or berries do sound good. Jarvis will probably want some, too.” Tony took a deep breath. “Do you mind?”
"No. Read his letter, Darling. He wishes to help his mom. He clearly loves her and she him. He won’t leave her."
“Cap,” Sam said from somewhere in their gathering. It was the only sound exchanged for silence soon followed, but Tony knew his pack was doing the silent communication they were prone to do.
So if you follow me or visit my Tumblr you're more or less aware of the reasons why it took forever to update.
Tony managed to stay on his feet and through the shoving and pushing spotted Vision again not that far. He maneuvered his body to be moved forward towards the little machine and just as he was about to kneel down and grab Vision someone said “Stop shoving already!” before they tripped him over.
“So, uh… who’s your friend, Tony?” Clint said cautiously, eyes on him but no doubt keeping the Hulk in his line of sight.
Ever since escaping Hammer’s clutches Tony thought he would finally be free of the torment. If by some miracle he managed to catch someone’s eye and they decided to take a risk on him he had hoped, or wished
“I’m sure Steve will show you all the beautiful spots we have around here,” Jan said, shooting Sam a look. “And even if you do more than walk it’s none of our business.”
Tony blinked. The praise and affection making his chest flutter and a tingling to go up his spine. “Perfect?” Him? Could he?
The alpha disappeared into the brush just as Clint, Sam and Thor decided to return back on land. Their furs were wet, they were dripping water all over the grass and they each had a variety of numbers of fish in their mouths each. Behind them near the edge of the river were three piles of fish, the biggest stacked up behind Thor. Clint and Sam looked to be a close tie.
He kept his eyes completely focused on the cockatoo, never realizing the rabbit was leading them closer to a road that went through the forest commonly used by shifters. There was a ditch that separated the forest floor from the road that Tony spotted through the bushes. Without thinking and intending to continue after the cockatoo, Tony jumped, breaking through the bushes only to skid to a sudden stop. On the road, right in front of his path, was a very large golden wolf that had two of his paws in mid-air as he casually walked. The alpha instinctively turned to the noise, locking his blue eyes with Tony as Tony sank his paws down on the ground in order to stop. He had too much momentum and ended up sliding the last few inches before stopping right in front of the alpha, touching nose to nose.
“That’s if we can even reach it without alerting them all,” Sam added. “They patrol on the north and east side of the fort. On the west, there’s a huge drop-off. Once you go down you’ll be easy pickings. On the south the scent of chemicals is strong. Hank thinks there are explosives buried in the ground and ready to mix inside containers the moment you step on them.”
Hank shouldn’t be the one to apologize. Tony should. It had all been his fault. He needed to talk to Hank alone.
Which was why it was shocking when the noise of someone clearing his throat had them turning and right there, next to his table, was the very same alpha he locked eyes with after his fall.
it was no burden at all, but he was an old wolf and, much like the saying, ‘old habits die hard.’ It was especially true when they were disciplined to his person in a manner that was meant to show ‘care’ by others he once thought family.
The first step out of the shack was surprisingly heavy to do, as if his legs were suddenly tied to boulders. Perhaps he couldn’t do this, maybe he wasn’t meant to join another pack.
As a result, while Tony wouldn’t outright complain and silently kept his discomfort to himself, it didn’t mean he would say no to a bath. The exact opposite. One of the few things he found himself being selfish of when he asked Steve if he could order a wash for him.
His pack haven’t demanded anything out of him, even after they learned of his smithing skills. Steve had never ordered anything of him either. Never forced him on his hands and knees for a quick rump on the sheets. Never ordered him to comply for anything he felt uncomfortable with. Tony knew if he revealed his adaptation with runes his pack wouldn’t dictate weapons or armors out of him. Steve wouldn’t demand him to have everyone fitted.
Tony gently grabbed his alpha’s face and pulled him down to kiss him fiercely on his lips. “I won’t,” another kiss, “I won’t. I love you, too. I love you.”
“We can always assign other agents. I have an entire helicarrier of them willing to sign up for it,” Fury said with a gesture around the room. As if to prove his point many of the agents walking around the room and walking in and out of the tunnel turned their heads to look at them, hope shining in their eyes.
It was every shifter’s dream. It was Tony’s dream he had imagined in his loneliest days and nights and he had it in his arms.
“Beautiful, isn’t it?” He heard Steve say and he agreed. The sight was beautiful. He turned to say as much but found that Steve wasn’t even facing the landscape when he had asked. He was staring at him.
“Of course,” the alpha’s smile wobbled a bit. “We'll be leaving tomorrow. If we don't see you, then we'll know your answer and leave you alone. If that's the case then… I'd like to do something, with your permission.”
He nearly fell asleep again, but the call for food was stronger. Once his belly was full, well, who could blame him for falling asleep in his alpha's strong arms?
Steve’s head. Tony didn’t even get a chance to comprehend what had just happened. One second he was sitting upright and the next, before he could blink, he was shoved down on his back with enough force to knock the wind out of him. He was being pushed down by a massive wolf who hovered protectively over him and growled. Steve was low enough that their stomachs were touching but still had enough room between him and the ground to have his legs wound up for him to strike at any dangers.
“Careful,” hissed Loki right next to Tony, making him jump. “If you gaze at the Widow any longer the Captain will believe you are uninterested in him.”
Tony lifted Vision from the table’s surface with his good arm and turned to walk back to their temporary shack with Bruce taking up his side. He dared turn to get a glance after a few steps and watched as the many betas and omegas flooded the available space on the table the moment he and Bruce left.
No one in his old pack lent him a shoulder to cry on back when he had really needed it. They probably hadn’t even realized the distress he had been going through at the time. More relieved than anything at the lack of ‘
At least Rhodey, Bruce, Pepper and Happy had a pack they deserved after all their hardship, and if he’s able to he could possibly convince Rhodey to take in Jarvis and Vision as well. Keep them happy, healthy and safe while he lived amongst the shacks again until the end of his days.
“I was going to say assigning you to make sure they don’t snap and destroy everything in sight. We need to make sure they don’t become a danger to the public.”
Tony had been so dazed by his friends’ happiness he never thought to remember of the little issue with Rhodey, Pepper and Happy
On the third day of reading, one particular letter got his attention out of the giant pile. He read it over and over, wondering if it was the old letter he had written himself just last year and it was mistakenly placed in the pile, or if this was another child who was just as lonely as Tony had been.
More arms were on him. Some grabbed his arms. Others his legs to stop him from causing damage. It only left Tony screaming to the point his voice grew hoarse and his throat burned. He didn’t stop screaming. Not even when the carriage began moving. Not even when Hammer or Stane ordered him to stop. Not until the shooting went quiet did he seize his efforts.
Loki considered him, tilting his head. “I found myself curious of your response. You should have witnessed our dear Captain’s devastation when he believed your absence meant no. Even the Widow’s spirit seemed down. It was a sight to see, but was their sorrow true or was it from unlucky misfortune? Lo and behold, misfortune seems to have a play in it. How lucky for them.”
,” Tony growled, slamming the cabinet door. “Kids don’t understand what we do outside of the Avengers and if they somehow ask about the birds and the bees because they read some tabloid they shouldn’t have gotten their hands on in the first place then that’s their parents’ responsibility. This has worked for me for the past twenty years. Don’t rock the boat.”
The coyote shrugged as best as he could. “Those are good odds considering how many have looked. You don’t want to know.”
The way his stomach rumbled loudly again suggested a simple snack was not going to be enough to sate his hunger, though.
Tony ignored the fluttering happening in his chest and walked alongside Bruce after the pack. Out of curiosity he kept his eyes on Sam, wondering how exactly he was going to do his ‘pulling duty’ and felt his eyes widened when Sam casually grasped one of the handles of the cart with just one hand and pulled it along with him. His arm didn’t look to be exerting much force and the cart moved steadily as if weightless, as if it was nothing.
“That's not reassuring, Steve,” Tony said dryly, earning himself a grin for it and a quick kiss on his forehead.
The only Avengers that weren’t shifted and weren’t  jumping around in the water, Natasha, Bucky and Loki, exchanged glances with each other and Steve, doing more silent communication that Tony finally figured out was the prank they were planning. Obviously they hadn’t been counting on him figuring in it out and now had to adjust to make it work.
Tears began building but that only seemed to pleased them. “Yer even more beautiful crying. Cry for us, omega.”
“Say what now?” Sam said slowly. He tilted his head to the side in order to lift one ear higher. “I swear I heard you say Bruce and Hulk are one in the same.”
It was a slow realization on Tony’s part, and even after three weeks with the Avengers he was still getting caught off guard by what they do and say, especially when Steve was involved. Steve still continued to surprise him every single day. To have the alpha defend him, defend his… his honor; was that what it was? Honor? Tony didn’t have any honor left, but what else was Steve defending? And what was important enough for Steve to argue against his second in command and best friend for him? Furthermore, was Bucky being disrespectful to him truly the reason why Steve had gotten angry?
“Oh, my God, Steve,” Widow is not seen, but her voice is crystal clear, trembling at the shock of the sight.
Eventually, a clearing appeared. A small one to designate the grounds of what appeared to be an old fort. Eroded and covered in green with barred windows and three large wooden doors. It wasn’t grand. In fact, it appeared to be a small military post most likely set up for covert purposes or a fallback. Lifted and abandoned decades ago.
. What was he going to do? He couldn’t just bring a pup out and expect a happily ever after. He needed… Gods he needed his alpha. He needed his pack. He needed the safety and love they gave.
They seemed to have a lot in common. Down from the acceptance of their doomed pack-lessness to their hesitation to even attempt to make themselves visible when a wandering pack made a brief stop near the shacks. What was the point, if they were truly honest with themselves? It wasn’t as if any of the other betas and omegas even gave them a chance at it. They would always crowd around the packs in an attempt to give the leader alpha a good look at their potential and would try and make small conversation with the pack members to earn points with them.
“I might have overreacted. While it’s true not taking the suppressants before a long journey is extremely harebrained, on both your part and Jan’s.” Hank’s voice ended hard, expressing the seriousness of the matter.
“Then you won’t be alone. I promise you that.” A very easy thing to have said, but a hard thing to actually do.
Bruce sighed, “and you pushed through the injury, worsening it,” he paused. “Why did you run back to me? Were you - you were going to hide behind the other guy, weren’t you?”
Steve barked again before deciding to finally start the day and stood up. Tony immediately missed the warmth that left him but his stomach agreed that their day needed to begin so it could get breakfast already.
Steve pushed his legs further apart after giving his bitten thigh a final kiss. Tony managed to catch his eye, seeing something unrecognizable in those barely seen blues blown wide from the lust. Tony gasped softly when Steve, still maintaining eye contact, went forward and down between his legs, appearing to go for his length again but missing it by a mile as he went further down and blew softly where the base ended, over his sack and where the surface of his cunt began, tickling his hair. Tony managed to catch sight of Steve opening his mouth before the bottom half of his face disappeared. Then he felt a warm, wet tongue run over the edges of his lips and all the air in his chest left in an instant.
Which was fine by Tony. The Hammer taking all the credit part. Not being Hammer’s omega. Never that. Tony was fine and content with Hammer’s name branded on the muskets and pistols. He didn’t want his name on anything so outdated as those weapons. His rune-infused weapons that blasted power, gained durability, and used elemental advantage, however, now
When they reached the spot the two birds declared sufficient, they all dropped everything in their arms and collapsed in different angles on the ground. There was a long sigh of relief from all of them. The closest town most likely heard it. Tony for sure was the source of the loudest. He groaned when his back hit the tree and he slid down, or at least he would’ve slid down if not for Steve keeping a firm grip on his arm and hip and settling him down gently. Then unceremoniously plopping down himself.
He passed tree after tree, pushing harder than he had ever pushed before. He needed to get closer, he needed to gain as much distance from the town as he could and as close to the mansion as possible. His howl could travel long distance. All of the canine shifters’ howls could travel far. If he could just reach them he could have his pack rescue him.
The egg was given to him by Rhodey as a gift. A white oval with brown spots that needed Tony to cup his hands together in order to hold it. It wasn’t a normal bird, Rhodey said as much. He didn’t reveal the species but he did say that the bird was unique, was a person in its own right, and extremely loyal to those who earned its respect. To this day Tony couldn’t figure out what he did in order to win Jarvis’ respect but the fair sized cockatoo, that should really be considered a giant owl since he took up Tony’s entire shoulder and stood taller than his head, refused to leave his side. When Rhodey handed Jarvis over he failed to mention Jarvis was a species of bird beyond the sea, wasn’t like any of the umbrella cockatoos around the area, was smarter than ravens, crows and even jays, and had the ability to learn
“What if we want to?” Jan countered, tilting her head to the side. “It’s no trouble at all. We can set up a little campfire here.”
Tony played with the wrinkle on his shirt bashfully. He guessed when Steve put it that way it was rather silly to think the alpha would turn and run after seeing his chest.
Tony believed the child would have forgotten, just as many do when grown out of childhood. Not only did the child remember the statement from years ago, he also grew up to be healthy and strong and a hero of the land. Renowned and beloved by many with some of the strongest shifters around ready to follow his lead to victory.
Tony’s dick throbbed in that warm channel Steve provided and his cunt grew hotter from the stimulation, creating more slick and causing it to trickle down and pool on the bed. At one point Steve took as much as he could, opening up his throat and keeping still before creating a rumble in his chest that rippled up to Tony and made him moan loudly. He didn’t know how much more he could take it. The new sensations were far beyond him and he was honestly surprised how his body was still going for this long. He could feel his peak reaching, his body wanting to explode, but just as he felt the tension giving away Steve pulled back with a loud ‘pop’ and let his length swing back to his stomach.
Bruce didn’t voice his mind but it was clear he was worried. Before Tony could have processed another thought a voice from behind stopped them in their tracks.
When it was all done he couldn’t help but say to himself a 'what s job well done.' There was little for him to be proud of, but this, smithing,
Steve gave him one final long kiss. His eyes were lidded, probably ready to nap after all the pleasure their bodies went through. “I love you.”
He came with a shout, clutching the pillows and blankets and bringing his knees up as he tried to close his legs, but Steve’s arms prevented that. Even through his double orgasm Steve continued his ministrations, going so far as to lapping up the slick that resulted in his climax as if it was a delicious treat and
“I see the truth?” Tony kept his head and ears low. At this point his control over his words was nonexistent.
Tony’s breathing was heavy, his back was straining from carrying Vision’s weight and his two legs were aching. He couldn’t tell which leg ached the most. They were both in pain and all he wanted to do was lay down and sleep, but he was also hungry and his stomach was growling up a storm. Keeping everyone awake was a real possibility if he didn’t get something to eat.
“You do not create natural magic, but you are capable of manipulating existing magic. To be more specific, magic that reside in runes, yes?”
“That was easy. I think we’ve found a sure way to chase Clint off now without a fight.” Steve made his way towards the bed to grab the visible chest plate. All hide with spots of iron. The iron covering fatal points on the torso and the hide layered just enough that any sharp objects would not penetrate unless forced multiple times.
The two adults double-checked everything. When they were satisfied they eventually gave Tony the green light. “Go on, but be careful, okay?” They were opting to stay behind and let Peter go on his own for his first try. No doubt staying close still. They were showing a lot of trust in this decision.
“If for some reason I get the short end of the stick…” the alpha paused. “Well, we never talked about children, have we? I’d love to have a family with you, Tony, and if that’s something you want, too, then I’ll probably be the happiest person alive.” Steve gave a small smile. “I… don’t think I’d be able to keep my hands off you if you were pregnant, but I don’t
Sure enough, his packmates who knew of Peggy came barreling all at once to surround her, inadvertently shoving Tony to the side. Cries of Peggy’s name were cheered and through the chaos, Bucky managed to join Peggy in the center. Tony moved away from the excited crowd. He was left alone to stare at the door Steve had exited through. A heavy feeling settled in his chest.
They all continued, minus Bucky and Peggy. Bucky had taken Peggy to the side and was explaining something to her. Tony couldn’t hear nor make out the words, but they appeared serious. Peggy was frowning as she gave him her full attention. Then she turned her gaze back to Tony. Tony stiffened but didn’t get the urge to submit. No, this time her gaze was placid, mindful, almost sad. She studied him for a second before looking back to Bucky.
“Sure, see you tonight.” Tony watched as both his friends disappeared, leaving him alone to pull the carriage closer to the race.
He looked to Bruce, his last backup, with pleading eyes that he’d hope the other omega would understand. If Bruce said no than they’d have a reason to leave and prevent any confrontation of sorts. It was only Tony’s luck that Bruce decided to go for the complete opposite of what he wanted. Instead of getting the bashful “thank you, but I’d rather cook our meals over at the shacks if it’s all the same to you,” Tony got Bruce nodding and shrugging absent-mindedly.
Steve must have been beside himself with worry and rage. What would have gone through his head upon the moment he learned his mate was taken from their home? The very place that was meant to keep his pack safe while he was away? Tony imagined the mansion wouldn’t be home anymore. Not after this. To have it so easily violated without any consequences to the violator and leaving its residents feeling so vulnerable.
“She’s around. Probably scaring half of the committee for their incompetence, but she’s there.” Rhodey eyed the carriage he was pulling while waving at Peter when Peter waved at him. “You went ahead with it then. How’s carriage life?”
From Tony’s angle, he could see his alpha’s jaw moving. A sure sign he was speaking to both the female shifters, but there was no possible way to make out the words. The brunette had now joined the blonde in frowning. Then, together, they mouthed two words with eyes wide and their mouths were open in surprise.
Tony took one step closer and raised his tail in anticipation to the upcoming run he was going to go through and just as he was about to jump and get a head start the rabbit turned skittish and hightailed it from there. Tony cursed and ran after it.
Mindful of not accidentally folding an edge of the comic, Steve opened to the very last page where Tony was drawn walking next to Pepper with Rhodey in front of them pushing a very large wall that would be physically impossible for a normal human. The last few boxes were pictures of the tunnel they were walking through and on the final box there was a bright white circle that gave the idea of light being seen through darkness before the ‘
was the one causing Steve to react like that. Steve was flushed and aching because of him. It wasn’t just getting an urge over with. Steve having a quick romp on the bed with a warm, faceless body to sate a need. No, Steve cared and loved who he was sharing his intimacy with and doing so with Tony was making the experience hotter and breathtakingly better.
Bucky didn’t look impressed, not that Tony expected him to considering he had a bite wound on his snout. Tony flattened his ears as low as they would go, hoping to lessen his punishment, even if it was a little bit. Anything, so long as he wasn’t kicked out of the pack.
From the corner of his eye Tony could see the alpha just sitting there, possibly staring at him and thinking something over. The urge to run away was filling his senses and he knew, he
with it as well. Even the most patient paragon wouldn’t take in such an undertaking. Tell me, how many take you in one sitting?”
Tony didn’t want to experience the cruelty that came if this whole ordeal was a lie, the emotional pain and exhaustion, but maybe, with Bruce by his side, it won’t be as bad. At least he won’t come out of this alone.
Instead of Jarvis answering it was Vision who decided to make an attempt and released a very loud and high pitched sound right next to his ear. Tony shot up to his knees, clutched his chest and gave Vision a heated glare. The little machine didn’t look apologetic at all.
The silence that followed was deafening. His heart beating in his ears. Outside were only faint footsteps, steady and close, and the splitting of gravel from the carriage’s rushing wheels. Nothing erratic like the previous sounds from fighting to hold onto Pepper. No shots from hunting down a feathery cockatoo. There was no screeching nor flapping of wings. No sounds that Jarvis was well and alive. No Jarvis. No Pepper.
“No! No, no, he’s a friend,” Tony had his hands up, resulting in the palms of his gauntlets to aim at his best friend. He moved them outward in fear of accidentally hurting him after he realized it. “Honey-wolf, don’t hurt the large two-legged wolf. You’ll end up hurting Bruce otherwise.”
“I’ll make us something to eat as soon as we… you know, seperate.” To emphasize his point Steve ended up pushing his hips lightly, forcing Tony’s own to mimic the movement.
Tony allowed himself to be examined and took up the offer of Bruce hunting the last rabbit as Tony rested his injured paw. Jarvis joined Bruce on the hunt after making sure Tony would be fine, leaving the breathless omega to curl up next to the rabbits with a little machine beeping and fussing over him.
These shacks were free for the taking. If you were lucky enough to find an empty one. They were designed to give pack-less shifters a safe place to gather and a chance to get recruited by any wandering packs in need of members or were just passing by.
“Right. Not the time to tease.” The mattress dipped as Steve shifted his weight in order to reach over and grab the oil on the end table. Tony tracked his movements curiously, wondering what the alpha could possibly want to try right in the middle of his heat. He propped himself up on his elbows to get a better view when he noticed Steve straightened to kneel and carefully waddle around until he was straddling his hips. His eyebrows rose when Steve sat. He was seated right over his abdomen. Hot skin burning the surface. Tony’s dick was plastered against the alpha from behind, perfectly nuzzled in a curve.
“You’ve got no other choice. You’ve been hurt long enough. I’m not going to let it happen again, Tones.”
Tony looked at the floor and said nothing. To have what he had been doing for years be spoken out loud by someone else was a humiliation that had tears building up all over again. He couldn’t even respond back to it, and that told Loki enough.
Before Tony could come up with a witty response Steve let out a growl from the front of the lineup without looking back. It was clear the alpha didn’t enjoy the idea.
Tony went quiet, eyes kept downcast. He didn’t dare say the name, feeling as if the mere mention would make the man appear and bring back the nightmares.
Vision whistled at him in response as Tony nodded. “He has a language of his own you learn to interpret over time. There’s emotion in his sounds and expressions in his movement. Piece them together and it makes words.”
There was a story there but Tony was too busy waiting for Bruce’s response to think further on why Natasha’s proposition was so shocking. They all got their answer when the omega shakily reached out and grabbed the offered food, head down as he tried to hide his face.
“Tony.” Rhodey leaned closer and licked the side of his snout. “This is my choice and I decided if leaving my pack meant finding you then so be it.”
, but how could she say it so easily? “Talk to him, Tony, before you think the worse. It might not be as bad as you’re imagining.”
As it turned out, and Tony shouldn’t be surprised, Jan’s outfits were in high demand. Her stunning and well crafted designs alone gave Jan a well-known reputation in Hattan that in turn passed on to the near towns around it. The fact that Jan also had the title of Avenger on her name sealed a lot of the deals. Many fans would go weak at the knees from the very thought of owning something created by one of the Avengers. A good portion of coin came from Jan, coin that she happily shared with the rest of them. Near the same amount of coin also came from Hank, who apparently enjoyed spending a fair amount of his time studying organic matter and herbs. The well-known alchemist that Hank was brewed potions that ranged from fragrance and flavoring to soothing stomach aches and curing illnesses.
“You’d be right, Mister Rogers,” Jarvis confirmed. “Sir simply enjoys taking content out of proportion. He thrives on it.”
“Tony I'm telling you I am. You may not believe me and I don't know why you're so adamant not to, but I know what I want and that's getting to know you. I'll court you day and night for the rest of our years if that's what it takes, as long as you let me.”
Beads of sweat trailed down his back and sides. Not all of them caused by the fire. His body nearly rivaled the heat surrounding him on its own and when a particularly hard nip pinched his skin that heat only increased tenfold. He gasped when his skin was pinched again.
Thankfully he had Jarvis and Vision in it. The cockatoo nipped at his fingers holding the piece of rabbit and said “Sir, your food is getting cold. Also, Vision has been calling for your attention for the past two minutes.” The little rolling machine beeped in irritation from the ground, proving Jarvis right. Tony hadn’t picked him up to put on the table yet, what with getting distracted by the fact that the
Peggy raised her own glass on her spot on Bucky’s lap. “For old time’s sake, Steven. Show these old dogs new tricks.”
Hank didn’t seem to agree. “To be honest Stark does sound like a blacksmith name when put into context. I’d trust my pots and pans to a man named Stark any day. I know they’ll be in safe hands.”
No, they weren’t. The Avengers pack weren’t like anything they both thought they would be, but was that reason enough to say yes and try it out?
He had to think about it before he realized the meaning. A pillow went flying and striking Steve’s head when he did. “
Bucky patted his shoulder, but there was no sympathy in the gesture. “Hate to break it to you, but you're with the Avengers now. Any decency is tossed out the door.”
Rhodey coughed to interrupt them all. “Let’s not talk about my best friend and sex in the same sentence again. I still haven’t gotten rid of the last time from my head.”
Relief was a feeling he didn’t often associate with his heats before. If Steve was still interested then perhaps his scent truly was on the positive side, as Rhodey and Jarvis tried to convince him. That helped settle his nerves.
“Tony,” Steve’s voice was laced with so much emotion that it cracked under the pressure. The alpha was no longer in a rage, and if not for the blood painting his snout and paws no one would have ever guessed he went through one and somehow managed to snap out of it on his own.
,” the voice brought back panic. It made shivers go down Tony’s spine. Not the good kind. The kind that left Tony bare and shaking and at the mercy of the owner. “Is this where you’ve been hiding the entire time? If I had known you wanted a pond I would have made it for you,
An alpha with a very distinctive mustache he just knew was Alpha Dugan eyed him noticeably before a wide grin broke through. “As I live and breathe. It’s true then. Steve finally did go and get himself settled down.” A huge grin broke in his face. “Never thought we’d see the day, Rogers!”
Bruce shot his hand out and landed it next to Tony’s arm, wanting to touch but unsure whether it would be appreciated. “
Steve released his grip on his hand a bit and finally allowed another expression to appear, a look of unease that switched to apologetic. “But that’s only if you want me. I don’t want to force you and I don’t want you to think you owe me anything. If you’re putting up with me because you feel some sort of obligation, please don’t. I don’t want that for you. If you allow me to court you I want it to be because you feel something for me, no matter how small.”
Steve’s breath stopped as he took sight of what exactly was standing in the center. It wasn’t a weapon he had originally believed. It wasn’t a person cuffed with agents surrounding them. It wasn’t even a discovered artifact that held power beyond belief. It was statues. Frozen statues. Statues that held the similar features and looked exactly like the three adventurers from the Marvels comics Steve and Bucky read. The figures were encoded in dark ice, shining from the light the agents had brought in. They stood in poses that suggested they were frozen in place while fighting, to be remembered forever in their last moments of their final battle. The characters Tony, Rhodey and Pepper were lined up side by side, Tony in the center with Rhodey and Pepper besides him. They stood with their knees bent, their front coming forward with their arms spread out in a threatening manner and their wings - their
Shifter. While both canines and felines (and others) had become tolerable and civil with one another there were still those specists older generations that refused to change their ways.
The hand moved back and twirled its fingers around the long strands of hair on his front. He hadn’t gotten around to visiting a barber yet. His hair had grown considerably to the point of naturally curling at the edges. Steve, he found, loved playing with them and Tony enjoyed the attention.
Jan and Hank were the only ones who didn't make a grab for any of their weapons, leaving them strapped to their bodies and waiting for the moment an enemy was in their eyesight. As for Tony and Bruce, there was a little issue in that the weapons of their choice were on the loud and obvious side and they came to the conclusion that they were strong on the
The one facing Pepper spoke next, “I had expected to meet you again in your full bodies and yet I come upon you still trapped. Can’t even win against pathetic humans.”
Steve licked his snout. “Tony, everything that involves you is important to me. Tell me what's the matter, please.”
“Nay, Loki. We have all heard what you disbelieve,” Thor said for them all and then grin. One of the widest ones Tony had ever seen. “He has taken pride in the pleasures of the flesh!”
Without thinking he made the mistake of turning his head to take a look. Like Jarvis had said there were five shifters walking together. Tony’s heart sank when he caught the eyes of the shifter leading the small group and earned a wink and a terrifying grin from him.
From the bag hanging on his side from a strap that went from his shoulder down to his waist Vision popped out and beeped at them.
he’s ever had and he was grateful Steve would even give him the chance to experience it. Now more than ever he wanted to return the favor and give Steve the pleasure he deserved. “Please, can we?”
Tony had half a mind to ask what in the world was going on. Steve was one concern, but the entire pack acting this way towards the female alpha after showing how much they cared for her during their travels? It was unusual, but her speaking snapped them out of whatever instincts had taken over. They all returned back to their spots on the lineup, leaving Tony more confused than ever and Steve to order them to get a move on.
“Right, sorry, not the time, but it got my point across, didn’t it? According to you the other guy isn’t a monster and according to me you’re a great person and any pack would be lucky to have you.”
He hoped the image he created of himself mirrored what he was desperate to represent. This was his chance to prove to his pack he was worth keeping around, even after he would unavoidably break their leader’s heart. He had one shot. He could do it.
“Am I ever glad to see you,” Sam said. “I thought for sure we were going to have to put up with a sulking Steve. That’s something you
At the moment he walked alongside his tiny family through a sea of two legs and four. Peter sat comfortably on his back while Ben kept a hand on him to prevent the child from falling off. Tony was careful to not jerk the child around but the extra help from Ben was always welcomed. The last thing he wanted was to hurt his boy.
“As if you’re any better,” mumbled Sam without movement. If he hadn’t said anything none of them would’ve realized he was awake.
Now, let me take a moment to do this. I'm not asking for much. This is my second fic that's reached the 100k mark and to celebrate all I want is for you wonderful readers to comment and let me know, what made you click on this fic and give it a try?
Further south Tony was taken. His sight was obscured from fatigue. Nothing but blurry trunks and leaves filled his path. He had long lost an idea of their location.
They eventually manage to find the Inn with much circling around. The voices of their packmates were loud and cheerful and were heard before the two even reached the doors. Inside they quickly spotted Thor sitting by a round table and merrily drinking with Bucky and Clint by his sides. All three downing their glasses in a worrisome pace. Jan and Loki sat across from them with their own glass, both sipping sedately compared to the three across. Rhodey and Sam were seated by the counter and were talking to the bartender. Natasha and the now shrunk Bruce were on the farthest corner of the counter talking amongst themselves. None of the citizens in the Inn were showing fear at his presence. Tony had to assume none of them were aware of the Hulk. It was a relief to know.
While the betas began their back and forth Tony maneuvered his way to sit with the other omega. Vision gave him a beep in greeting and Jarvis was quick to jump from Bruce’s shoulder to his own and nipped his ear gently.
Tony scrambled after him, ready to beg for Loki not to mention a word and completely forgetting the risk of angering the serpent for invading his space. “Wait! Please -”
“Tony,” Steve kissed him again, smiling now and looking at him as if he was silly for even saying that. “You’re talking to the leader of a
The next day he was out of bed long before Steve, or any of the others, which proved to be the correct thing to do as he had to snatch Steve’s shield and Clint’s bow from under their noses. His forge had been calling him and Tony couldn’t deny it anymore.
And so their banter started. Tony had learned over time that when it came to Sam and Clint always expect them to suddenly go into a playful battle of wit. They get lost in their own world that sometimes it was near impossible to get them to stop, so it was better for them to continue uninterrupted and let them halt on their own. Besides, it was always fun to watch them and laughter was always a guarantee.
“She sounds wonderful, hopefully one day I'll get to meet her.” His throat felt raw and his voice was afflicted by it, causing an obvious shake.
Jarvis had the decency to look guilty, which only proved Tony’s fears. “I offered to fly and provide a view from the skies of the structure and the area.”
Tony could smell more in the scent, his nose having been heightened thanks to the adrenaline fear had created, but the alpha hugging him was making it difficult to focus enough to distinguish them. The alpha was shaking him, no, not shaking him, the alpha was trembling and in turn was vibrating Tony.
“Margaret Carter,” she held her hand out respectfully. It surprised Tony. No alpha would show that courtesy to an omega, especially one they didn’t know. Not from his experience at least, but if she was in friendly terms with Steve than maybe it wasn’t so shocking. Steve had proven time and time again just how different he and their pack were. They wouldn’t be friends with someone who treated others disrespectful, omega or not.
Footsteps patting, a ferocious growl, the weight of his attacker disappearing and his attacker crying in pain. Tony snapped his eyes open and cried from the pure relief he felt when he saw the giant golden wolf and the familiar smell that could’ve only been Steve biting and ripping through the attacker that had him pinned down. It wasn’t a simple fight that involved a threatening bite and growl and no blood spilling, no, Steve was outright ripping through the flesh of the shifter, breaking bone, going for his neck, showing no mercy. Wolf vs Man. There was only one obvious choice of who was going to win, and the attacker was given no chance to shift and fight back for a fair shot. Steve wasn’t giving him one. No, Steve grabbed hold of his arm and shook it uncontrollably, tearing and scarring, jumping for the man’s face the moment it was wide open and vulnerable. Steve didn’t stop. Not even when the alpha submitted.
Tony went around the happy crowd to join them. Being near Bruce helped when he was anxious and Rhodey plus his two menacing kids were a familiar comfort he was always grateful for. A comfort he could really use.
The instinct to protect his neck reared up in Tony and he was a second away from pushing and crawling a distance from the alpha when, suddenly, something slimy that could’ve only been a tongue ran over from the skin next to his ear to his hairline.
He needed to find a way to escape. He couldn’t sit down obediently while Hammer and Stane continued on. They were a danger to himself and his child. He had to focus and find a way out with as little stress and damage to himself as possible. He would no longer remain complicit. Too much was on the line. He refused to remain complicit, but he also couldn't rush in pistols firing. He had to remain quiet. For now.
He might be considered and allowed to stay if Steve saw more worth in him. That was all he could ask for.
That was until the workshop received a letter. A particular letter that Jarvis himself handed over to Tony personally.
“It’s temporary,” Steve reached out to comfort him. “I won’t stay permanently sterile, Sweetheart. I trust Hank. He’s made countless of these mixtures and never had anyone stay sterile for long or forever. Just a couple of days while the rut or heat takes place.”
They didn’t need to see it in order to know what he and Steve had been up to just moments ago. The smell was enough.
Steve began making his way to the stairs, most likely going to put his armor away for their run, and stopped right as he was about to take the first step up. “No, except… were any of you aware about the name Iron Man?”
Tony swore to never allow that to happen. He was going to show Odin, show everyone, that he was no burden and nothing would fail because of him.
"Promise me to make it worth my time,” Hammer grinned. All his teeth were showing. He was a predator openly staring at his next opportunity. “I’m looking for the next big sale. The arm that will bring down armies, decide administrations and crown kings. All unleashed within someone’s very
A shorter man who appeared to be wearing a beret chimed in. “Had we known you were interested in older,
When declared good enough, Colonel Jim tumbled away and Tony ordered another to join him. Thor marked his turn by stomping over, ready to bulldoze anyone in his way. Bruce continued to snore on his shoulder. Thor leaned down and gave a great big smack on Tony’s forehead, earning himself an indignant squawk from Tony. Tony still kissed his cheek and dragged him down further to kiss Bruce’s forehead.
As Hammer’s second, Tony could see why Stane played a big part in everything. Even with Howard, Stane played a big role in handling the business and the tough decisions they had to choose, but even then Howard always had the final word. To say Stane was largely the main contributor to his mistreatment was crediting the man excessively, but more often than not Tony was wrong when it came to seeing something in front of his face, so perhaps Rhodey had a point?
Even so he knew the damage had been done. His pack was smart. They understood the obvious clues given and probably had a general idea of what could’ve happened. He just hoped they didn’t jump to the right conclusions. The use of ‘hurt’ could mean anything and it could range from something considerably small, like an insult or two, to something in the middle, like a physical altercation, or something big… like what Tony had gone through for years. He prayed more than anything they thought it to be an insult or two.
Rhodey moved away without command, allowing Steve to curl up against Tony from behind. He continued rubbing away once settled, wanting to comfort and settle worries.
“We understand, Hank,” Steve reassured, speaking for them all. “Everyone get what you need and meet up at May’s corner. We’ll round up everything on the cart and head home.”
The other omega was resting right in front of him, on top of pillows and blankets with a red fox that could’ve only been Natasha curled over his chest. Over them was Thor, all golden and dark mane and rumbling in his sleep with the black python that was Loki splayed across his figure, head hidden in the fur. Bucky was in the middle of Tony and Thor, sleeping with his belly up to the sky. Below Tony were Jan, Hank, Sam and Clint. The two dingoes and the coyote and jackal were tucked into a ball with their respective mates.
Nobody moves even after this. Not until Winter confirms he’s out. The camera gets closer to Falcon and Winter. Falcon has to crawl from under Steve’s slumped form. Winter has to pry his arm out of Steve’s jaws. A crescent mark is left on the armor. Still bleeding and very painful to look at.
He’s had years of practice. This was an easily achievable task, though nerve wracking, but knowing it was Steve he was doing this for… yes, he could do it. He just had to prepare for the familiar pain his body still remembered, and his body certainly remembered it well if the way his erection dipped down from slightly going soft from the expectation was anything to go by.
“When we all found you weren't home and none of us could find you I was so scared. You didn't mention anything to anyone of where you were going that I thought for sure you left us, left the pack, and I couldn't figure out why. Did we do wrong by you? Did one of us say something to make you leave?”
Tony groaned when Steve heaved his upper body up. The question of “what about you?” forming on his lips but never getting out as Steve turned him and the answer became evident. Steve had on dark pants and nothing to obscure the obvious wet spot over his groin. The alpha had been aroused as well but found completion on his own with little help. Tony had to hold back feeling disappointed from losing his chance to return the favor and doing his part as Steve’s mate.
The beta stood with his arms crossed, trying to make himself look bigger. He appeared familiar and Tony scrambled his head trying to remember why that was. When the beta spoke Tony realized who it was.
“It matters not now. I have done what I came to do. You say you are unable to reproduce, but what I sense from you tells me otherwise.”
“They wouldn’t -” but then again how would Tony know? He wasn't familiar with any of the members or how they acted or how they thought. The moment they smell something off with Bruce they could jump and strike without a second thought. “You may have a point.”
Only the bottle of yellow liquid remained after the minute. Tony eyed it warily. He had his suspicions of what it could be.
Tony ignored them, desperate to stop the fighting. Steve had Rhodey in his jaws, shaking and nearly tearing at the scruff. Bucky had the front of his neck, keeping him still and suffocating him.
The familiar stinging of his eyes, the benning sign of tears, and his chest feeling tight. Self-pity was truly becoming his friend.
“Might have?” he deadpanned, feeling Steve’s arms shake after a while. Unable to hold him forever. “I just wanted a quick wash. You’re the one who jumped me.”
In any case, crossing the sea was perhaps a last, desperate option. Unless their feet were held over hot coals, Tony didn’t think both alphas would be capable of it. Though, he’d been wrong before.
And now it seemed his life was destined to be forever tormented because even after getting away from Hammer he still ended up finding another alpha that apparently wanted to show his superiority, and it was the
No, no he couldn’t think that way. Sure, his packmates were open when it came to sex and they were quick to make a lewd joke here and there, but never had those moments taken a tone farther than a simple tease at someone’s expense. His pack caught him right after a bout of sex with Steve’s seed dripping between his legs the previous day and besides a sarcastic remark they hadn’t thought anything of it or eyed him as a slab of meat. Unlike Hammer’s pack.
It continued to the third day and reached to the fourth without change. On the fifth day Tony began to accept it was going to be Hammer all over again and soon Steve would demand him to stop speaking to Rhodey, or just kick Rhodey out in general. Perhaps Tony didn’t even need to reveal Steve the truth about his barren nature. He was ready to leave if it meant he was able to say more than five sentences to his best friend.
He didn’t hit the floor. Rogers still had him against the wall and kept him there. Rogers’ own heavy breathing was loud. Harsh. Tony could see his chest rise and fall from the extortion. Then Tony noticed Rogers’ arms were no longer holding him but instead were against the wall. One rested on it while the other was through it, creating a hole and adding more work for Tony.
Tony did glare then. He glared at the beta and he glared at the materials left disorganized before him. Not only did they want him to create the gauntlets, but he was also responsible for setting up the
When Tony gave the kid a good look he realized, for someone who couldn’t be older than nine, he was really scrawny, and very much an alpha. He was the smallest nine-year-old alpha Tony had ever seen, but that didn’t stop him from going up against three shifters so Tony had to admit this little alpha had spirit.
How was it so easy for Steve to say? Kids. Family. The possibility of having neither easily shrugged off. Tony being enough to give that much happiness. Tony… wasn’t worth that much love. Wasn’t worth all the love Steve looked at him with, but somehow the alpha thought the opposite and gave him everything.
It confused Tony. Found him? Were they referring to him? Had they met before the shacks? Now that he thought back to it, hadn’t the others talked about him in a similar manner? As if Steve had known him beforehand, but Tony was none the wiser of Steve. Sure, Tony knew of the famous Captain. Anyone with the skills to pick up a paper and were capable of reading knew of the Captain, but Tony hadn’t personally met the
A deep breath, heart reaching his throat and adrenaline rushing in his veins, he made a mad dash through the trees. He couldn’t give them a chance. The trees thickened as he went further and he maneuvered as best as he could around them. At first he heard nothing except for his own footsteps crunching on fallen leaves. For a moment he thought he was free, thinking the shifters decided not to do anything and leave him be. He should’ve known better. False hope nearly shattered him when the telltale signs of multiple footsteps echoed behind him.
They played together for the longest time that day. They played tag with Steve waddling around determinedly with his layers of clothing while Tony dashed through with worryingly less. They threw snowballs at each other. They built a snowman and created snow angels. Steve’s cheeks were flushed from the cold and from the joy of having so much fun with a friend.
Everyone visibly perked up when the sounds of crunching footsteps was heard and in appeared Bucky and Clint with two deers being dragged individually by them.
Thor was at a loss. He brought little Tony to make him happy, yes, but it meant to be temporary. A small light to brighten his day before he’s taken back to his unhappy life as the child of an uncaring man, broken and ruined by the loss of his wife. Odin was no longer in charge of the workshop. That leadership had gone to Thor many years ago, so ultimately it was his decision.
The familiar sound of metal against metal stopped him in his tracks. He’d recognize that sound anywhere, engraving it in his very soul, and it was coming from the one building made from nearly black wood that gave the image of a home made of ash. There was no visible smoke, but surely this was where the blacksmith was located.
Tony broke and the tears spilled without his control. He cried and cried, his sobs growing louder after every intake he managed. He cried from what nearly happened, cried because of what they had been so close to doing, cried because he had been so close to reliving the nightmare all over again, and cried because, for the first time in so long, someone stopped it. Someone stopped it and
Her eyes softened. It was the subtlest of changes, but Tony was able to catch it. “You’re not the first, trust us. We see it all the time when we have guests over. The few guests that we get, anyhow.”
The alpha whined from pure happiness and Tony soon joined him when Steve began licking - no, not only licking -
“If you believe the pit to demand that of you against your will you are a bigger fool than I thought.”
Tony hadn’t expected that. Was this what Steve meant when he said to listen to the stories from the others. Was he not the only one to join the pack broken and emotional? Did they all share a similar pain or experience?
Where the hell have you been keeping that ass of yours?” Bucky froze mid-step, eyes locked behind and below Tony’s waist and giving a
Tony took notice of how everyone except for him and Bruce were shedding their clothing. The pack were getting ready to shift.
Rhodey didn’t even bother to play along. This was hurting him as much as Tony. “You know I’m not. It kills me to leave you again.”
Inhale. Exhale. Inhale. Exhale. Calm down. Steve and Hank had not meant harm. He was just overreacting. Hank’s potion wasn’t even in the room. He had no reason to act out. “I’m fine. I’m… sorry. For the way I reacted. Bring the contraception. I want you with me for my heat.”
One look around and he spotted a separate room from the building itself. A small sign on it saying ‘open.’ The sound was coming from there.
Similar to Sam, Bucky came out of the kitchen and was running his hand across his hair, moving strands from his face. “What is Steve getting jealous of again and why is everyo-
That was when he realized he was still wearing Steve’s coat. He had forgotten to return it! There was no way Tony could keep the coat. It was an elegant coat, at least compared to Tony’s old red, worn, stitched version. The silver buttons and artistic edge designs made the coat look high-priced and the blue coloring made it fresh and graceful, and... new. Things that were no longer associated with Tony.
In the two months on the road, they had acquired and finished contracts after contracts. One coming after another. The reason why their travels had extended to so many weeks.
Tony stared the hydra down, an action that amused it, “What does it mean? Why does the dragon need to choose a new body? And why us?”
“The name’s Clint,” the recently-threatened beta interrupted, giving the back of Steve’s head a dry look. “In case you’re, you know, not getting distracted by Steve there and wondering.”
Another thump, followed by very loud steps that faded away. Sam stared at where he guessed the sounds were being created and patted Thor’s arm. “I don’t think anyone else is up yet to calm him down.”
need an erection in the middle of training,” but it was too late. Tony hadn’t even realized his eyes wondered down after hearing the mention of it but lo and behold there was the bulge. Then he reeled back in shame at staring at someone’s intimate parts that wasn’t his mate. An apology was ready on his lips, ready to plea he hadn’t meant it to Steve, but Steve cut him off when he used his hand to cover Tony’s eyes. Fear clutched at his heart. Had this finally pushed Steve to the edge?
“Sweetheart…” Steve lowered his head for a second before crawling closer, eyes watching for any negative response to his actions. “I’ll tell Hank to keep his mixture with him.”
Before anyone could volunteer to escort him to the town, Hulk took one massive step forward, taking one of the spots. “I go with Puny Runt.”
In the meantime he’d figure the lion and the python were close enough for Loki to experience the same thing Sam was feeling at watching his mate make a fool of himself and furiously ignoring it. The rest of the pack were doing a very good job doing so. Must have happened a lot.
“A discovery that hasn’t been made yet, but I get the feeling we were supposed to find it,” Tony said and looked down to find the very stone wall they had pushed creating a step that helped them land on the ground safely.
In response Vision made a high pitched whine that was followed by whistles and a deep trill. Looking unsure Sam waited for Tony to translate.
Another long sigh. Steve, while he admitted was a bit of an odd turn, actually liked the wings. Marvels had gained its fame from having Tony Stark explore around for artifacts in the famous armor, but for some reason the author decided to take another direction and have the armor taken away, replaced by wings instead. It was a bold move and something many fans didn’t like. To take away one of the reasons was basically to ask for self-destruction and for it to turn and bite them back viciously. And that was exactly what happened with the comics. Marvels had lost more than half their fans, many claiming the idiocy of replacing something solid and amazing like the Iron Man armor to something so childish like feathered angel-like wings.
In his haste to stop those lips Tony ended up falling on the bed and dragging Steve and his armored-clad figure on top of him, knocking the wind clean out of him. He groaned at the pressure. “This is the end for me.”
The family of Carters were natural-born leaders, apparently. Sharon was no exception, even if she was a beta. That alone would not stop her from taking over the mantel now and the Commandos held no qualms about the decision. The Avengers and Howling Commandos had split before Tony was able to witness the new leadership in play, but both Peggy and Steve were extremely confident about the change.
Tony couldn’t find it in himself to panic at the thought of someone finding him. Sorrow too strong for him to care. Besides, the stench of his heat itself would ward off anyone. Hammer and his old pack had stated so.
The feral animal on-screen drags Falcon to him, tearing at the wing trying to act as a shield. Steve covers his mouth as Falcon screams for him to stop. Everyone does. The Agents. Widow, Hawkeye, Thor, War Machine and Winter. They scream Falcon’s name. Falcon screams Steve’s name as he’s unable to lift his arms up to defend his neck, pinned against the ground and the broken wing. Steve watches himself open his jaws, ready to bite and tear at Falcon.
After a moment of their leader doing this, the others still missing from their circle appeared one by one. They each settled on their own spot, watching the pair and waiting for one of them to start. Tony’s ears went low when he noticed Hank lagging behind and sitting the farthest away. The beta might have been facing them, but his eyes were aimed at the ground. Hank wasn’t alone for long. Jan soon joined his side, rubbing her snout against his. Hank continued staring through her affection down but adjusted his head in order for her to go under in a hug. His snout rested over her head.
This had been, and still was, his cherished work. The finest he had ever done. He slaved for days, manipulated for weeks, in order to get the perfect ratio and the perfect strength. Then he slaved for more when he fitted the runes. Magic from the runes was hard to work with on its own, but to integrate it with an object for the two to work peacefully and flawlessly. To have the gauntlets strong enough to withstand the magic, and to have the magic of the runes measured perfect as to not obliterate the gauntlets? It took hours of concentration, hours that Tony had done willingly and proudly.
Three more licks later and Steve decided his work was done. He was apparently still asleep because the next thing the alpha did was push against Tony, forcing Tony to lie on his back instead of on his side. Steve then continued to cuddle up over Tony’s chest, paws placed over his shoulders and snout still in place by his neck. The alpha sighed and made no further movement.
Hank didn’t need to continue. Tony already knew where it was leading. When it came to a female-male beta pair, the female was always expected to carry. Tony never understood why that was the case, or how long ago that tradition had started, but it kept among the older generation and passed down to the new. Tony had only been aware because his own father spoke of it, but Tony grew during the time that mentality had slowly died out. He was not sure of Hank’s own age, or Jan’s, but they must have grown up close to his time, seeing as they had no trouble agreeing to switch in order to raise their chances for a pup.
Loki thought it over and frowned. “I understand now. A most unfortunate condition Canines live with.”
The brunette next to her placed a hand on her shoulder. This caused Sharon to suddenly turn away and gestured to the door of the Inn. “Excuse me. I’ll go and check on the others. Make sure they haven’t caused trouble.”
Oh, well, he didn’t need to, Tony thought. Not when he was there to do so. Steve didn’t need to know. Tony had already decided he would be in charge of his pack’s equipment. He trusted them with his work.
Steve stares at the screen in horror as he sees himself stand over the unconscious form of Tony, surrounded by bodies upon bodies, blood and gore. He’s on all fours. His face twisted with madness and dotted with red. His eyes dark and his golden hair covered in red splatter. His suit torn, filled with bullet holes. Filled with an amount that would kill a man and should’ve killed Steve. He releases an inhuman growl at their arrival.
It took some time for Hank to calm down and for the stench of anguish to lessen. The beta was distant, quiet, had his eyes downcast and followed after Jan without purpose. Jan herself was trying hard to appear strong and unaffected, but her eyes still showed unspoken fear.
With a nod of approval Steve’s eyes scanned the space. Everyone was at attention, focused on him. The idea of wavering for a moment not once considered by any of them. “What have you found?”
“Is it possible there was a statue here and got activated?” Pepper asked, following closely with her wings bristling cautiously for any dangers.
Rhodey, in a childish endeavor, snorted and walked up to the wall. He pulled his arms back to stretched and huffed before placing both hands on the wall and pushed. Tony watched as the muscles on the tall man rippled under skin from the sheer force he was exhorting. His bat-like wings expanding and contracting unconsciously and his beaded tail swaying back and forth. Tony and Pepper stood clear of the tail, mindful not to get stung by the sting on the very top.
“Are you to cry now?” Loki’s eyes narrowed. “From speaking the truth you begin to shed tears? I can’t imagine what engaging battle will bring forth. Surely you have more control than this.”
Tony hunched his shoulders when they all began chatting eagerly to each other and shooting him and Bruce looks. Instinctively he searched for Vision on the cart to make sure his little machine was fine. Jarvis huddled closer, signalling he was safe as well.
-” he pointed at Steve and Tony’s heated scene and Jarvis flapping his wings in protest “- as your leader, but I think it’s a small sacrifice.”
“We heard,” Jan said for them all. “You left your pack and traveled the land to search for Tony. Anyone who does that for their friend is fine and dandy in my book. I approve of you three.”
very sensitive to - no, sensitive isn’t the right word I want to use. We have -” she shut her eyes, “memories. Bad memories. Bad experiences.”
The rude kid and his buddies were about to retaliate when a stern voice called out a name “Will!” and had the bully kids going pale. A fierce looking woman marched right up to them, smelling all kinds of angered beta. “How dare you pick an unfair fight with this child and then have the insolence to disrespect this person like that! You know better than this. Who taught you such manners? Why, when your mother hears about this she will give you a stern talking to and I will not stop her from grounding you for months. The same goes for the rest of you. Your parents will be told about this! To think you three insulted this man and teamed up against Sara's -”
“I was… I -” he took a deep breath, inhaling Steve’s alpha scent and gaining courage. “I went to ask for work at… at the blacksmith.”
It was Thor that ended up checking on Tony. It was surprising. A sight to see. The large feline using his hands in ways Tony never thought the warrior capable, nor thought possible. Handling his duty as if holding the most delicate of glass.
“Rhodey!” Tony leaped at him in pure joy and licked everywhere he could reach on his face. The years surely lifted from him. He felt like a pup, energetic and eager and whining from the pure happiness he felt. “I can’t believe you’re really here.”
What if children? What if an elderly, not fast enough to escape? What if a mother, just wanting to return to her family? A father, who is the only provider for his kids? Grandparents, who just wanted to see their grandchildren, but never saw their innocent trip to the store to buy them gifts as their last day on this planet? A family that will never get to say goodbye to each other.
Now remember, this is intersex and this chapter only has vaginal sex. If you are not okay with that skip this chapter and wait for another time where anal sex happens.
Bucky sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. “We’re about to fight Hydra packs tomorrow and somehow you two are finding the time to bump uglies together? Please tell me you got each other out of your systems for now.”
Ouch, that brought the pain back. “I’ve been fooled so many times it’s only natural I become a fool,” he bit, glaring at nothing.
“I’m almost too scared to ask,” Clint said from somewhere in the back, bringing him back to the gathering. Bruce was now standing next to Natasha, eyes grateful and holding her hand in a silent thank you. She gave him a small smile in return, squeezing his hand. Tony could almost imagine Steve doing the same in acceptance, having pity on his heart, but what he imagined and what was to be true could be as different as sweet words said in love are to heartbreak and pure agony.
Rhodey joined him in searching for their pack mate, having lost sight of him as well. They were currently in the clear and were given some time to look without fear of being shot at, but it wasn’t long until three more Hydra shifters found them and attacked. They had been caught unawares and had no time to evade the fire, but while their immediate threat more than deserved their attention the three shifters didn’t keep their focus long. No, the large shadow that had risen behind them, taller than any two-legged shifter ever could have been, took their attention, kept their attention and made the three Hydra shifters look behind them in order to see what had caught their attention.
Tony still couldn’t believe this was happening to him. All he managed to say was “L-let me think about it.” The Captain didn't appear to take this answer well. He looked so heartbroken from it. It confused Tony. What reason could he have to have that frown? What was Tony supposed to say? He hadn’t even met the guy yet and falling on the ground didn't count as an official meeting.
It is said an alpha that goes feral is forever changed. Makes them violent. Makes them crave blood. Crave the hunt. Makes them too risky to keep in society. Brutal animals that need to be put down.
Sam was the only one to take notice of him. “Steve has a… highly sensitive nose when it comes to his pack mates. He can smell,” he waved a hand in circles, gesturing at the whole room, “he can smell, uh, smell…”
Well, besides Bucky and Sam, Steve at least had kept it secret from everyone, too, not just from Tony. Perhaps he was waiting for Tony himself to reveal it? Waited for Tony to learn it on his own. That would be Steve, wanting him to do it on his own instead of relying on him.
His alpha trailed his hand down to his side and gently pulled him upwards while leaning his head down, meeting his chest in the middle and kissing his scars. Kiss after kiss he placed, growing hotter and lasting longer with each one on different areas. Being pulled closer Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s hair in response, needing something to hold on to.
Off to the side of where Bruce was standing was Vision next to his feet and releasing a long sound to mimic their howls. Tony howled just for him, preening when Vision returned it. Then another howl joined them, one that sounded specifically just for him and made his heart beat just a little bit faster.
Dammit, there went his only excuse to leave for the shacks. He could try outright saying he didn’t want to be there but who knew how the Avengers would react. If they couldn’t embarrass Tony for revenge they could retort to a physical confrontation instead and the last thing they wanted was to give Hulk a reason to make an appearance.
in order to defend someone who was a stranger to their pack. There were rules against that, rules that gave their leader every right to kick Tony out of the pack. Attacking the second in command was a huge no for anyone in the lower hierarchy. Being the leader’s mate or not, Tony wasn’t going to be excused for his actions.
Though the mortification hadn’t lessened, uncertainty was added in his thoughts. “I am barren. I haven’t been able to… carry. No matter the numerous attempts.”
Thankfully, she took pity on him. “Don’t worry. The young love phase will keep you distracted long enough before you see what I mean.” She leaned in closer, as if exposing a secret. “That man doesn’t know the first thing about maintaining his armor.”
“Why not? You did say you’d wait for me and now here we are. I’m surprised you never caught on though,” Steve admitted. “The others made pretty obvious remarks about it. They’re, uh, aware of what I said thanks to Bucky. He didn’t hear the end of my rambling. Had to put up with it for months. Never forgot it or forgave me for it.” He rubbed the back of his neck, embarrassed. “The others brought it up from time to time while you were out of earshot. This was Bucky’s revenge.”
Tony and Steve were not paid any mind when they reached their pack. Although Clint sent them a glare for extra measures, reminding them of his predicament. Sam didn’t look as if he had plans to help him, but he was certainly enjoying the sight of him and Rhodey with their shirts sticking to their bodies, hiding nothing.
The man had been furious, ready to scold his children for allowing such a thing, but Loki stood firm and refused to budge in Tony’s defense. If Odin attempted to remove the child Loki promised never to utter a single word to either him or Thor ever again.
Clint retorted by throwing a piece of his food at the alpha. “Laugh it up, Steve. You’ll get yours soon.”
It was a sign. After the whole mental struggle of trying to figure out whether to join or not destiny decided it wanted a say in it and made it so they couldn’t join, by arriving late. Who was he kidding. He wasn’t meant to start a new life with the Avengers pack and he definitely wasn’t meant to be courted by Steve and have him, heaven forbid, as a mate.
Despite his initial fear, Tony had to wonder at why the alpha didn’t strike. They had been nose to nose, literally. Tony could still feel the little tingle on the tip of his nose from the contact with the alpha. He was a bite away from hurting him. Why didn’t the alpha attack? What kept him in place instead of jumping into action?
How had he fallen with child? The days in the carriage had given him plenty of time to think of possibilities but with no immediate answer. He didn’t think they’d be one. Had Hank's potion failed? Had he and Steve not waited long enough for it to take effect? Or had this occurred long before his heat had officially set in?
“Honestly, Steve, I’m disappointed in you,” Peggy mocked from the front, already fitting back into her old pack as if she had never left. She had rejoined the Avengers, yielding her leadership of the Howling Commandos and leaving Sharon to take her place. It had been a surprising choice, Tony had thought. To leave a beta in charge when two alphas were present and capable. One would assume the pack hierarchy would be used to decide the next shifter to be the pack leader, but perhaps that was only Tony. He probably should have learned a while ago his packmates, and in turn everyone they were acquainted with, were not keen on following expectations.
“So the Avengers really are saints. I’ve heard of their heroics and their selfless acts, but to take in such a damaged omega with little to offer in return, and then to go and
Which wasn't much. He wad not as ready as he wished he was, but the thought disappeared the moment he opened the door and was assaulted by a delicious smell. His stomach gave a loud growl at the scent, a sweet scent that could only come from a pastry and could only be coming from the kitchen and, by God, he needed to sink his teeth on that food.
“It is very much adorable.” With the hand now taking a new angle Steve ended up pulling his lower half up as he tried to get him closer. “My beautiful, incredible, omega.”
Tony grunted with each thrust. His legs were wrapped around Rogers’ hips and his hands clung on the other man’s shoulders, holding on for dear life. Every thrust knocked the air out of him. It felt difficult to breathe but he couldn’t pull away from Rogers. Like his body just couldn’t let go.
“...and I wanted to know if you’ve decided yet. I mean, you spent time with the pack and got to know us. Clint, Sam and Jan already like you and everyone adores Vision and think Jarvis is great. I know we have the title of famous war pack hanging over our heads but we’re really not that different, just another pack, and we’d love to include you in it. That is, if you’d like to join,” Steve managed, looking like he was going to pass out any minute.
“Hold on a sec,” the alpha said, setting the pan down. “You came here for a reason, what you looking for?”
Ultimately it did. “Don’t say it’s okay. We both know this would hurt anyone’s back,” May waggled a finger playfully. “Behave,” she repeated to Peter and like the good little boy he was Peter listened.
The sight was beautiful and Tony had the urge to go and undo all that hard work just to see the tight cloth under it. To look one more time the glory that was hidden under all that hard cover, hide and iron. Perhaps run his fingers over, kiss, nuzzle… then again, the area where iron met hide just over his pecs left much to be desired. The nagging sensation to just go over and
Tony smiled. He’d love nothing more than to say he didn’t mind but the language barrier and difference in vocal cords between them made it impossible. So he was left to simply listen and hope his face expressed what he meant.
omega, and I will always protect my omega. They won’t touch you again. No one will ever hurt you again.”
Tony’s fifteen minutes of fame came and went. Now, he was a tourist like every other able body walking around. He walked with his carer and his carer’s family. Ben was a good carer. Perhaps the best, but that could be Tony’s bias speaking. He couldn’t be blamed for it. May, Ben’s mate, was a beautiful woman, for having two legs and kind hearted to a fault. The pair’s ward, Peter, was downright the cutest little human child Tony had ever seen and had the pleasure of watching grow. No, that wasn’t his bias speaking. It was the truth.
The alpha sat beside him. He was sitting up straight and almost basking in the attention from the light the sun was giving. His visible skin glowed in soft orange and yellow and the blue of his eyes were illuminated in nearly pure gold. The tips of his hair disappeared from sight but Tony hardly paid any mind to that. Steve could go bald for all he cared, the alpha was still beautiful under the light.
“We’re already getting along. Great! So let’s unpack those bags of yours and give you permanent rooms.”
Bruce opened his mouth to answer but didn’t get a chance to say a word. A howl from a distance away rushed through the trees and made them freeze. It wasn’t a howl to signal victory or signal a start or even a playful howl for the moonlit night to carry. No, it was a howl to call everyone together in emergency. The howl was meant to call for help.
Tony managed to softly chuckle at that, but it barely lasted. The reason for his worsened injury coming back and the fact he face planted the ground mocked him. “Saw the Avengers.”
that was stronger. If Tony had his tools on him he could make it so the iron and hide almost blended perfectly. No arrow or spear could penetrate without a huge extortion of force.
Ultimately the town let him be. Steve didn’t cause trouble and the town saw no issue in his wandering, but that didn’t necessarily mean the townsfolk were welcoming either. The spiteful and angered folk of Nome would sometimes go out of their way to let wild centaurs and fauns know where they stood. Often that meant screaming and throwing items at them.
With more effort than he thought he made his way backwards. He was about to turn and walk back up the stairs when he was a good distance away from the door when out of nowhere someone wrapped an arm around his shoulders, mindful of the nesting cockatoo, and began practically lifting him back towards the kitchen.
The magic tingling in his fingers and up his hands told him they were ready. “I’ll have to show you.”
It was very biased of him to compare. Perhaps many would pick the beta, most with some form of sanity would and Tony wouldn’t blame them, but Steve wasn’t many, and Steve was the only opinion he cared for. It was also unfair of him to
Then Steve stopped. Pulled his mouth away and only left his hand to hold Tony’s erection. Tony whined in frustration at that. He hadn’t been close, but the abrupt stop and the cold of the air compared to the heat of his body left him shivering. Goose pimples and hairs standing on his skin.
As for Clint, a couple of you suggested adding him in with Rhodey and Sam and I found I really, really love the idea. Expect some big protective Rhodey looking after his two little birds. So for Clint's winning ship it's going to be Sam/Rhodey/Clint.
Rushing a bit in order to avoid any curious gazes Tony retraced his steps from the few times the pack made a trip to Hattan and headed for May’s corner. He had no idea where the blacksmith was located exactly but he was hoping Mrs Parker did and could lead him to the right direction. When Mrs Parker’s building came into view he sighed in relief from spotting the lovely omega up and about and already placing sweets behind her windows for show. Even the child, Scott, was up and running back and forth helping her. She saw him before he managed to say hi and waved him over. Tony took notice of how her eyes ran down his body thanks to Jan’s outfit, widening slightly. She then gave a bright smile meant just for him.
But what if it was not? The way Hammer’s face had gone dark after he sniffed near Tony’s neck. That was no act. There was no reason for the alpha to react so violently. Not unless the words he spoke were true.
With a careful hand he closed the comic again and gingerly placed it inside its little plastic cover he had gotten for it to preserve. Mindful to keep an eye for any onlookers he quickly hid the comic back in its place amongst his other issues in a box he refused to reveal the location in his room. He trusted the agents of SHIELD to have his back but when it came to his comics that was a whole other story.
That… was interesting. From the sounds of Steve’s past exploits, he appeared nitpicky, or perhaps mindful, of who he claimed as a mate. Had he avoided the subject of marking all together in the past? Strange, for he had been so willing when Tony mentioned the idea the first time.
“It’s good to see you again, Redwing,” Steve said. An acquaintance, perhaps? “I hope your trip was pleasant.”
As a reward, Thor took it upon himself to grant Tony’s little wish personally and went to him upon the first day of Yule to be his friend for the whole day. While at first apprehensive at Thor’s presence, Tony soon warmed up when Thor revealed he received his letter and came to grant him his wish.
They accepted the answer, even though most of them frowning signalled they wanted to say more of the matter. Small conversation continued as the three canine alphas finished their food. Through most of it Steve took the time to bump his elbow against Tony’s gently and in retaliation after the fourth bump Tony couldn’t resist kicking him softly. Steve changed from elbows to legs and continued kicking. At one point he hooked their feet together and swinged them lazily. Tony’s chest fluttered at that. He didn’t know if anyone noticed them doing it, seeing as he was looking at his plate as if it was the most interesting thing in the world and Steve sat straight and showed nothing, but he doubted they didn’t have an idea of it. They were the Avengers after all. Great warriors and incredible hunters. They had to have sharp eyes.
Also, in case you're wondering how Vision looks like think of BB8 from Star Wars, except from an ancient era. Vision is a rollipolly machine made from scrap metal that can hide his head inside. If not BB8 than think of the evil robot from the Incredibles.
“What are your plans for the day, Tony?” Sam said before taking a bite of his food, sitting across from him.
Jarvis preened at the compliment and puffed out his chest while Vision made noises that could only be interpreted as bashfulness. The little machine even turned his body to try and hide his head for the effect. Tony chuckled at them both before he jerked his shoulder and forced the cockatoo to shoot out his wings in order to balance himself. For Vision, who was in his bag, he grabbed the edges and rattled it a bit to make the machine bounce and cry out. When they regained their composer Tony received twin glares.
Jan sat upright and Loki curled with his head up high when they reached them. They spoke nothing of his and Rhodey’s closeness, of how questionable it looked for their leader’s mate to be held by another while at the start of his heat. Any indication that his heat was in their thoughts was not physically present or expressed. If they were reacting positively or negatively to his scent they didn’t show it, leaving him in the dark to worry.
. That they would treat him as if he was worth something, treat him as if he was someone to be cherished, to dote on, or even just to hold closely. Just be
He… really wanted to be selfish. Memories of Hammer taking him in the open, where their pack would openly stare and their gazes trailed his body in ways that made him feel dirty, haunted him to that day. The very image of his current pack possibly doing the same
“I know,” Tony felt odd being the one to comfort the other when it was usually him broken and crying. It just showed how much he had yet to learn of the alpha. “I didn’t mean it, Steve. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to push you away.”
“Pretty sure if he asked Peg that she would kick him to next month,” Sam said, taking the spot next to Clint on the couch.
shifter, and he was huge and most likely an alpha, and he was part of a pack instead of being the leader of a pride. In all the years that Tony had read about the Avengers, he had never heard of a feline in the pack. One would think with a lion involved it would be the first thing mentioned from a famous war pack, but apparently not. No wonder Vision was excited to roll over to them.
Tony eyed it warily, conflicted. Piece of meat and vegetables floated together, emitting a delicious aroma. He didn’t believe his stomach would reject the contents, but just looking at it didn’t encourage him to try.
to take control. And then Hammer happened and the last thing that had been on Tony’s mind was trying to maintain his fur as the years caught up with him.
Heading for their shared shack for the Avengers to finish eating their meal was probably a bad idea. For one, the shack was too small to fit them all in. For another, that was Tony’s and Bruce’s shack they slept in and they still weren’t absolutely sure about the Avengers. One instinct that all shifters shared was the need to protect their dens, their little homes, the place they rested in from outside dangers. Other shifters outside their pack were dangers for sure and since the Avengers were a well-known war pack, they were definitely
8/17/17 - Change a lot of the part where Tony was being followed. I wasn't completely satisfied with the way it had been before, and I feel this one makes more sense in this situation.
Tony nodded to Steve in goodbye as he was led away. He looked back briefly at the wild centaur. Steve was about to say something when he caught his eye but was interrupted by Ty, now branding the winner garland around his neck, barging in. Ty blocked Steve from view and nearly made Tony jump at the sudden appearance. Something Tony didn’t want when May was still holding his harness.
They walked out his little work station and made their way around the mansion where a large open field, dubbed as the Avenger’s training field, was present. A safe distance away from Natasha’s - and now Bruce’s - garden and their den. In the center of the space he spotted Rhodey, Pepper and Happy kneeling and sitting on the ground, sweaty and panting. The rest of their pack were sprawled around the area. Some standing near them while others were leaning back against trees and enjoying the show. Loki, Hank, Bruce and Sam were among the latter. The four enjoying the show immensely and sending appreciative glances at them all.
Not soon enough, a road came across in a clearing and a carriage was revealed to be waiting. A large thing big enough to fit multiple inside. Attached were four horses built for speed and strength. Tony’s heart began to race. The reality of his situation truly sinking in. Hammer means to take them away quickly and efficiently and giving no room for the Avengers to retaliate. Let alone even realize they were missing two members of their pack until they were long gone.
“Well, he’s not wrong,” Natasha said while eyeing the pair carefully. “None of us knew what Tony was hiding under all those loose clothes. We can appreciate, but we’re only commenting.”
Tony shifted and leaned against his legs that were no longer crossed and tucked under his chin. His shirt had dried and now hanged loosely, draping over his torso and hips. He felt more than saw how big his shirt was. Steve’s coat, that he was still wearing, covered most of his figure and did an excellent job hiding his upper body and hips and preventing any curious eyes from looking him over. He was thankful for that. Not only because it stopped the Avengers from giving him pitying looks for his scrawniness, but because each time he took a breath the scent of Steve’s alpha musk filled his nose and made him feel relaxed and sated while at the same time made his heart go a few beats faster, heavy in his chest.
Curiosity ate at him. Third time the name was mentioned with no one offering a description. “Peggy?”
,” and drawing the alpha’s attention to him. Tony didn’t miss how Bucky whispered something to her. Whatever he had said caused her to finally release what submission she had been demanding. Whether conscious or unconscious.
Tony stared at the letter for the longest time. So much so he ends up late for dinner and Loki had to come up to his little office to check on him. Loki found him still fixated on the letter. Hadn’t budged an inch.
The two omegas accepted the plates with a quick ‘thank you’ and were ushered to their seats by Sam. Everyone looked away the moment they sat down, making Tony breathe out in relief. It wasn’t as overwhelming this time around compared to the day before. With everyone already here and eating their share and with Bruce at his side Tony was able to feel relaxed and he happily chewed his delicious food. He accepted the cup of water handed to him from Jan thankfully and continued munching away.
Redwing created short, chirping sounds in response. Jarvis listened before translating. “The trip was exquisite, but he is ready to return to the hunt with the others. Preying on rodents and other aves does not carry the same appeal as two-legged ruffians.”
All around him there was nothing out of the ordinary, but he couldn’t calm his instincts of something being wrong. With a deep breath he pushed on. Perhaps it was the town itself, or perhaps many shifters in one place and being alone amongst them was sending his senses in a frenzy.  Reaching the road and being away from the people might help calm his nerves.
A particularly harsh pulse in his abdomen reminded Tony of his little predicament. The sensations were slowly moving from an annoyance to a desperate need. Already he could feel his groin pulsing with want and heat. It was taking everything in him just to keep his member still. His body was reaching the peak of his cycle and if they didn’t get a move on soon he feared he would enter the brunt of it out in the open where everyone would see.
That remained true even when the Stark pack disbanded and they were forced to find a new business pack. But now, under Rhodey’s command, they looked so carefree compared to the past. Open hand holding, a kiss on the cheek here and there, an exchange of loving smiles. The most affection Tony had ever seen in one week than the years he had known them.
Were they mated, or were they really close pack-mates and friends? Perhaps one day, when Tony was considered close pack to them, they’d offer the information themselves, or if Tony got too curious and wasn’t able to resist asking hopefully they’d answer him.
The sight of the cart made Tony blink. How much were they going to obtain for them to need a cart? Then again, how far away was the town? He was to carry a set of clothing and if the walk was a long one he’d end up getting tired of holding his purchase. The cart was probably a good idea.
Pepper landed in front of them with a bit of a tumble. Her breathing hard and erratic. “No signs of any statues. There is nothing for miles. All dirt and stone.”
Tony eyed the fruits hungrily and seeing as the fish still weren’t done he threw all reasoning for not accepting the offered food out and reached for a peach. He couldn’t stop the moan that escaped him when the sweet taste filled his mouth. It had been a while since he last ate a peach. The things were glorious.
Steve chuckled. “That’s one of my promises, yes, but this is a promise I made for you. I promised myself I would never let your old alpha hurt you ever again, and if I happen to run into them I would make sure they never would.”
allows it to go on for so long? Who assigned them that role in the first place? They don’t know the first thing about leading! If they can’t take care of their own, how can they care for a pack? They have some nerve -!”
,” the arm that was wrapped around his shoulders startled him, but miraculously he didn’t flinch. Hadn’t flinched in the longest time. Steve released a sound that was suspiciously similar to a whine for attention. “Your packmates are mistreating me. Make them stop.”
Instead of accepting the apology Jarvis began crouching down to his claws, expanding his wings slowly as if readying himself to jump and strike. Vision mimicked him best to his ability and rolled back, preparing himself to take off. The beta seemed to pale, understanding that he was about to get hurt and none of his pack mates were going to help him, seeing as not a single one bothered to move a muscle. They had accepted his fate.
needed help. From individuals to entire towns. Contracts were freely given. A fair number of them shared among the Howling Commandos until their paths split apart. Their partnership had been a dream come true for Tony. To fight alongside them, to aid and to take down foes together. Tony couldn’t have asked for more.
“Not anymore,” Fury said. “They’re real and they’re alive. Medical have found readings of steady but slow heartbeats. We have no idea how but I suspect the reasons behind their wings might have a role in it. If their comics are based on real facts then we have three non-existing citizens that have missed nearly 70 years. There will be shock, I guarantee it.”
There had to be another reason why the pack didn’t chase after him but Tony wasn’t going to complain. He was still here with only a sprained wrist for his troubles and about to have rabbit for late breakfast with Bruce.
Steve licked, kissed and suck. He was careful with his teeth and pleasured with the utmost focus. As if driving Tony wild was all there was in the world. With skilled manipulation, Steve followed down his erection and took his testes for a moment before continuing further. Tony waited in anticipation. His body already familiar with Steve’s prowess and what he could make him feel.
On the roof there were what looked to be smooth branches creating a web of thin curving bridges. Some of those branches connected to trapdoors that seemed to open to the second floor. That was one way of reaching it, Tony thought. He certainly won’t be using it. Thankfully, on the left side, all the way to the back, there were a flight of stairs. The Avengers each disappeared up those steps, leaving Steve and Natasha to apparently give Tony and Bruce the tour.
The genius grinned, overjoyed that he found a friend in Bruce. Jarvis approved of the other omega’s answer and bobbed his head, squawking and flapping his wings.
Tony had assumed the Commandos were still active in keeping the lands safe. One of the Commandos having stepped up and taken over the role of leadership when Steve had left. Seeing them together healthy, loud and lively confirmed their active status.
he say? From the start of joining the Avengers, he had seen the others as strong and invincible. No troubles and no worries in their lives, and yet that was all untrue. Under the layers of smiles and playful acts they carried pain, were broken in their own way, and personally knew what Tony had gone and was still going through.
“We’ve been working on your stamina with these drills,” Natasha revealed. “Easier to escape if you have the endurance to run for hours. On your own you’re not ready to try and fight back, but with these techniques you’ll have just enough for self-defence until you find an opening to escape.”
Tony had no response. The only thing he could do was take two slow steps to the alpha before dashing forward, jumping the small distance and causing them both to tumble down on the ground. He kissed Steve fiercely, hoping to convey everything he felt through it. How happy, how thankful, how much he just - how much his heart was invested in him. It belonged to him. Every little broken piece Steve owned, truly.
“Tony, listen to me carefully,” Rhodey’s voice was low, dangerous. It grabbed his attention. “Whatever that waste of fur said to you about your heat scent, you ignore it. Do you hear me?”
At one point Rhodey decided to join in on their small pile and trotted over to drape his front leg over Tony’s back and rest his snout over his head. “I remember you being exactly this tall and I’m glad it hasn’t changed.”
The beta went limp and leaned against Sam as if injured. “I've been shot twice. Sam, go on without me.”
to, making his life unnecessarily difficult, it was only right to get as close to any available trade as possible. Have the option of cooked meals and fresh clothes and work for if coin was needed for anything.
With a growl the head that acted as the leader said, “Let us end this. Let the beasts free and end your humanity. You have no anchor here. Nothing will keep you fighting. Let us finish this!”
Tony didn’t pay them any mind. His attention still on the door. Any moment now Steve and Sharon would walk in and march right up to Tony to talk about how their relationship will go forward. How they will share their time and who will be responsible for what.
“My hat!” Peter cried in panic. A gift from his aunt and uncle, who were already struggling with money, about to be trampled by brute centaurs mere minutes after receiving it. Neither he nor Tony could do anything about it. They could only stare at it despairingly as the racing centaurs grew closer and closer, passing each marker as they got nearer.
If Steve had taken notice of Tony’s use of ‘Captain’ in order to place distance he didn’t say anything. His smile, however, did disappear and his tail slowly stopped wagging. He was the spitting image of a sad animal, and Tony almost felt sorry for him. Almost. Steve was an excellent actor, but Tony wasn’t going to fall for it.
Tony huffed and reached for Rhodey's ear, yanking it with a bit more force than necessary and making him wince.
“Steve found you,” Bucky continued, “and unlike all those wolves out there that flaunted themselves at him, you were everything he was looking for. You didn’t throw yourself at him, you didn’t constantly comment about his figure, if anything each time you dared to actually see him you looked like you wanted to run the other way as if your tail was on fire.”
Shortly after returning back to the shacks with their game and wrapping his wrist, they went to the common area and claimed a table and a fire pit for themselves to cook the rabbits. Bruce took the job of skinning the rabbits while Tony went to collect dried branches, promising to only use his good hand. He came back with a fair gathering of wood tucked under his injured-free arm. Jarvis was on his shoulder with small sticks in his beak, and Vision rolling next to his feet with a strap from a bag wrapped around his little spot of ‘neck’ and pulling additional branches.
Hulk nodded before retracting his large arm and holding his paw close to his chest “Puny Runt fine?” He tilted his head curiously.
Now, this. With Steve of all people, and it stemmed because of Tony. Peggy’s sharp gaze kicked off something and Steve had not enjoyed it one bit. The alpha was willing to have a standoff against the aggressor, even if it meant against an old friend.
The anxiety returned. Tony had no control over it and now there was no doubt that he was assaulting Steve with his emotional state and he cursed himself for not having better control over it. Hammer hated it when he got like this. He learned to push it down years ago so why was he behaving this way now?
The blonde now named Sharon composed herself. “Tha- that’s my name. That's me. You're his - I'm - It’s nice to meet you, Tony.” Her eyes said otherwise. They were glistening, but not out of joy.
Odin and old St. Nick might have been the faces, but Tony was the operator and he had grown to handle it all on his own with little help.
Some time during the walk Steve sneaked closer to press his flank against Tony’s and had their tails intertwined together. The equivalent of hand holding as wolves. The warmth that seeped through into Tony’s fur was pure delight and reassurance and he knew, trusted, that anything the world threw at them at that moment, Steve would protect them with every fiber of his being.
Tony imagined having Steve within sight on every minute of every hour of every day just for the sake of keeping watch over him and mindful of any dangers. It sounded like a hassle. He probably won’t have any privacy in the near future, but Steve was doing so out of worry, wanting him safe. Steve cared.
Technically he knew, but he hadn’t actually gotten the chance to attempt it. Knowing and trying were completely different. Instead of looking the fool he decided to accept the offered help. He walked closer to his alpha and spread his arms out in a silent yes.
With no shame Steve walked back to him, a very obvious erection swinging with each step. The alpha didn't seem bothered by it and grinned when he noticed Tony was awake. “Hey, good evening. Or at least I assume it’s evening. Are you hungry?”
“He will not be a burden,” she countered. Many were skeptical, but she remained firm. “Trust me. If we end up biting more than we can chew we’ll be glad to have him along.”
There was a brief tension all around at the knowledge of there being two other strangers nearby, but considering Rhodey was a friend to one of their own they weren’t at high alert. Rhodey took a deep breath, lifted his head to the sky and howled, calling to whoever he meant. When he finished his howl everyone heard footsteps to the outskirts of their territory. The footsteps came closer and closer until eventually, from behind two trees, two heads popped out. A strawberry marble fox peered at their surroundings, searching for any danger before venturing out. Right behind them was a plump wolf, painted with patterns of white, brown and black, two large ears that Tony remembered vividly, and carrying not one, not two, but three traveling packs. Two on their back and one in their mouth. A strawberry marble fox and a plump painted wolf… Tony was running to them before he knew it.
“Do you think it wise, Sir?” Jarvis asked from his spot on Tony’s shoulder as he twitched his head back and forth from Tony to the omega sitting down on one of the many tables decorating the common area.
“You touch his rune all the time,” Bruce countered. “Only those gifted do that in order to make sure the rune is working properly.”
Bruce snarled at him, but it didn't have the threatening vibe to it, more of a show of annoyance and bordering on affectionate.
“I figured. You usually think ahead, but this time? Worst decision to date, and at the start of your heat? If some raiders or scavengers had gotten close enough to smell you -”
“O-oh?” Tony didn’t put up much of a fight when Steve gently rested a hand on his chest and pushed him back, causing him to tilt and lie down and resulting in Steve kneeling between his opened legs. The smell increased and from Steve’s spot it was obvious he received a huge puff of it. The alpha’s eyes dilated. The blue of them barely visible. As if possessed, he lunged forward suddenly and bodily pressed Tony against the mattress.
If Pepper didn’t settle down soon she would try Hammer’s patience and who knows how he’d react to disciplining her.
“You're so good to me, so beautiful. The sounds you make, wonderful. You're perfect, Sweetheart, so perfect. ”
Instead, Tony, Jarvis, Vision and Bruce awkwardly followed behind the pack as they were led by Sam and Clint. The two betas had claimed to have seen the perfect spot in the forest while hunting for the deers. They had said it was all flat ground and green surrounded by bushes with pretty flowers and trees perfectly set up to block out the harshest of sun rays. There was even a river nearby. The same river, Tony figured, he and Bruce had smelled and planned to go fishing in.
Perhaps along the way of trying to bring Tony down she gained genuine interest for Bruce. The mystery behind him had her watching intently and before she realized it attraction set in. If that were the case Tony wished his omega buddy all the luck in the world. He deserved it.
“You did go in sniffing, Clint,” Steve reminded him. “Not our fault you got a snout-full. It’s Tony’s personal place.”
Tony had curled around Vision and Jarvis had nested on his shoulders and were seconds away from sleep when Tony heard shuffling to his side, inches away. When Tony lifted his head to turn and see he found Bruce had placed his coat right next to him, close, as if sleeping with a pack. It was trust now. Bruce still looked to hesitate but he wanted it and so Tony reached out to lick his hand in acceptance and inched closer as he curled again.
Not exactly the greatest conversation starter, especially since the Captain picked the moment Tony’s cheeks were full of food and couldn’t reply right away. He probably resembled a chipmunk. He swallowed, shifted his eyes back and forth between the Captain and Bruce and mumbled a “Hello.”
“Just a couple of more steps. Almost there. Got to find the perfect spot for you to see it all. Here, this will do. All right, now stand here - a little more to the left, and - ready. You can open your eyes now.”
By proximity, Rhodey had kept within eyesight of them while Widow, Winter, and Falcon followed the Captain to sneak to the fort and take down the pillars. The rest took post parallel to where Tony was in the forest, just on the edge of the clearing, and were prepared to do what Tony’s half was also doing. Vision stuck close while Jarvis took off, acting as their eye in the sky. Tony silently prayed for his safety.
Steve had never been in love with something as much as he was now with these statues. Someone had created his favorite characters life-sized and he was struggling to keep down his excitement and releasing a very high pitched sound of pure joy. He didn’t even care that the person responsible had added features to them besides their wings. Steve loved it.
Steve stayed quiet for a moment, thinking. His expression eventually changed to determination. “Can I try something?”
Steve nodded. He rearranged them so he remained up front while Hulk was placed to guard the back and both Tony and Hank took up the middle. Side by side with no regards to what had occurred earlier. Tony knew reaching the town to take care of his heat was more important than a disagreement between packmates, but it did nothing for his guilt. He followed behind Steve with his head and ears down. He didn’t have the courage to walk tall and risk catching Hank’s eyes. Why did the beta choose to escort him to town? Why couldn’t he have remained with the others until Tony was in a better state of mind before he scolded him?
Time passed and he had lost track of how long he stayed curled by the tree. With his heat burning in his body he had been surprised no traveling stranger or enemy sniffed their way to him out of curiosity for the horrid stench of a corpse plaguing the forest.
what his touches were causing. Good, wholesome leader of the Avengers, famously known as the Captain, may not be as wholesome as Tony had originally thought. Not with the way each circle caused his lower half to pulse with renewed want and need. He whined when Steve’s fingers touched near his dick
he was about to have another bout of distress and drench the entire room all over again. The arrival of Bucky and Clint didn’t help at all and only added to his reason to run.
Together they walked to the patch, claiming spaces as their own and marking them off with their packs. Tony placed Vision down on the ground a distance away from the others. He felt his back sing from the release of the added weight. A long stretch cracked it in place and as if he shedded years off his back he had a brief moment of rejuvenation.
Their fur had Tony sighing longingly. Not for the color but for how smooth and well-kept and healthy it looked. Even Thor’s mane looked properly brushed and Tony doubted he’d find a hair out of place in the many dark strands.
I'd like to give a special shout out to Kigichi for showing me the video that basically inspired Steve's behavior here. All your videos always make me happy, thank you!
Tony quickly scrambled to get up, forcing Jarvis to jump to the ground. In his excitement from reunited with his best friend he had completely forgotten about his pack and had yet to give introductions. Rhodey followed suit in a more sedate pace, ears low as he stared at Steve and Bucky who Tony just remembered he was fighting against before he put a stop to it, and… oh hell, he had
“Hate to break it to you,” Tony interrupted, amused by the pair and feeling lighthearted, “these two are one of a kind,”
The crowd was still around them. He could hear their chattering but he couldn’t recognize the words. The only thing he was focused on was Steve and his shining, optimistic eyes that were looking at him like he was a… a.. a treasure.
“All right, hang on a second. No need to get violent with me,” Tony unhooked the strap of the bag from his shoulder and gently placed it on the ground. Vision rolled out the moment he made contact and hurriedly made turns around the open space.
“Oh, aye?” Rhodey stared at the cockatoo. “You both are adults now? You got a job then?” he deadpanned.
“We’re fine,” she said, answering the question hovering over them. “It seems like one of those days.”
He kept running and running, not really aware if the pack was chasing after him or not and not taking the risk to look back. He kept going and going, ignoring Jarvis calling out to him and not stopping until the cockatoo latched onto his back and bit his neck.
Military shifters having been captured and held prisoners with no hope of escape, only for one alpha to come in and secure their freedom and their victory. Ever since, they had remained together as a pack under the approval of their land’s regime and the Captain’s leadership.
Tony pulled away with a shout and gripped Rogers hard as he came. His body twitched and trembled as he inhaled and exhaled heavily and willed his heart to slow down. His limbs were heavy and couldn’t hold on anymore. They went limp. Dangled uselessly by his sides.
“Tony,” Steve’s voice was surprisingly soft, kind, “could you open your eyes for me, please?” Tony did what he was told, coming to the sight of Steve’s caring eyes that were looking at him as if he was the world. “Is that what you thought we were doing the whole time? Getting back at you for running into us?”
and leader of the Avengers, was trying to make small talk with him of all shifters. There were plenty of betas and omegas who probably deserved having the Captain chat them up. Tony couldn’t understand why Steve was even trying with him. All he did was fall face first on the ground in front of the alpha, what was attention worthy?
He promised to reveal the truth when the opportunity presented itself. The first moment he could. No dangers, no contracts, no Avengers business, and once Steve learned of the truth Tony swore to make it as easy as possible for him and for their pack. Whatever decision the alpha decided on. No matter if it ended with Tony in tears, with Steve or with both. Tony would accept the consequences with his head held high. He’d make Rhodey, Pepper and Happy promise to stay, to not give up the good things that have finally happened to them. He’d make Bruce promise to not worry for him. Make them promise to not look for him.
“Oh, Tony,” Jan interrupted before kneeling to give Tony a hug. “I don’t know what any of us had said or done to make you wander off without letting us know but I swear I’m going to give them a smack or two for doing so.”
The tears were back, but not from sadness. Steve slid down from his bed and hit his knees on the ground, embracing Tony and holding him close.  “I love you. I love you so much, Tony. I love you.”
Met before? Tony would have remembered running into that alpha. He had that bigger than life image about him that couldn’t be forgotten.
Jarvis tilted his head in response, staring at him sideways. He clearly didn’t know where this statement came from but he wasn’t about to argue back until all the information was given. “I fail to see how.”
He remembers another faceless shadow appear behind him. Remembers how the second shadow held him back, wrapping a cold arm around his neck and pulling, using the other arm to thrust it between Steve and his prey. Instead of biting the flesh of the first shadow he had pinned, he bit the flesh of the second. The second shadow taking the bite intended for the first.
Eventually everyone finished and as soon as the last person ate their last bite Steve stood and ordered for them to prepare for their trip. Everyone made their way out of the kitchen and to their goals, leaving Tony and Bruce to stand awkwardly in the common room with Hank and Sam. The beta pair were humming contently, swaying back and forth a few times before deciding they might as well get a head start.
was on the tip of Tony’s tongue. “You… are really, really… determined, aren't you?” he tried to tease, but ultimately failed. The joking tone falling flat by his voice cracking.
Tony snorted. “The only thing blinding me is your good looks, Brucie. Don’t hide your body from me.”
Ben and May had talked to Tony about it. The two owned a plot of land but had no animals to call it home. Tony was really the only resident of the place. It fell down on him to make Peter's little dream come true. He was the one who was going to pull the carriage, after all, but his two carers would never force Tony to do so. If Tony was going to pull, it would be all by his own free will.
Undeterred, Tony went anyway. What he finds was Steve hanging out with another teen. Friendly and very close, like peas from the same pod and glued to the hip. The best of friends.
If anything close to penalties ever graced their ears they would simply throw wealth at the problem, charm their way out, pay-off who needed to be paid-off or make it go away permanently.
He just couldn’t picture Stane hovering over them, whispering to Hammer on how to behave and treat his omega. Stane had cared for Tony. Once. Treated him, not fairly, but better than most. Tony had
He fully expected it to be Steve this time. Steve and his second and third in command, ready to tell him what he had done wrong, his punishment and how he’d no longer be allowed to join the pack for contracts or be trusted with their den. He had been surprised to see, not the golden wolf he expected, but the brown dingo that could only be Jan and the body of the black python that was Loki trotting and slithering their way over to them. So surprised, he lifted his head up to watch them curiously.
He had half expected Jan to have followed him, or even Bruce after the Hulk bid his farewells, but seeing Rhodey appear in his line of sight with Jarvis on his back and Vision by his legs had been a pleasantry. He still didn’t dare lift his head up, however. Not from its spot on his front legs and his eyes aimed downwards.
Well, this one took longer than I originally thought. Gotta love family. They always want your attention.
The Avengers were clad in armor, backs straight, face stoic and postures screaming danger as they marched with purpose. The great Captain leading the pace with his faithful second-in-command, Winter, and third, the Widow, right behind him, creating a barrier and looking every bit as intimidating as the Captain’s most trusted would appear.
felt it. The sudden blackouts where he was still marginally aware he was doing something but had no control whatsoever right after an extortion of power that didn’t belong to him. Is that what it was? The dragon slowly breaking through the walls. And if it finally did was Tony going to be lost forever? Were Rhodey and Pepper, too?
As for Steve, Tony was positive the alpha had fallen asleep on his lap. He hadn’t moved for sometime now besides the expanding and contracting of his ribs when he breathed. And while it was all fine and dandy for the alpha Tony’s back was starting to ache from having sat hunched over and he couldn’t feel his legs anymore. It was going to be torture moving them. On top of that he and Bruce needed to return back to the shacks, lest they wanted a new wandering beta or omega thinking their shack was free and claim it for their own.
How could he have - ? Tony had been doing his best! He hadn’t even been given the chance to fake his pleasure. How could Steve had caught on so fast? “I - I’m not hurting -”
“I-I’m still sorry, about not telling anyone where I went. I wasn’t leaving the pack, I swear. There was another reason why I left for town.”
Everyone in the room turned to look at their leader. For his part Steve managed to hold himself tall with confidence until eventually the stares wore him down and he rubbed the back of his neck bashfully. “I didn’t get around to asking them yet.”
“What I’m getting at is, I lashed out at you, and at Jan. Not just because of the dangers that could’ve happened, but because of my own personal issues with heats and my loss.”
Odd. Usually an alpha packmate leading another pack entailed that alpha left the previous pack so they could be a leader and broke all ties and was never to return to their old packmates. To have that alpha be part of one pack while leading another… first time Tony had ever heard of it. Howard and Hammer’s views were adamant that if an alpha left the pack in order to lead their own they were forever banned from rejoining should they ever wished it. And yet here Steve was still calling this Peggy person a packmate even after she left to lead her own pack. It was almost… honorable. No, it
omegas? That seemed about right, if a harsh truth. He couldn't argue his age when compared to Steve.
Now on the second day, the Quarter Race was on. Much like a regular horse race, the centaurs were running to a finish line. The difference? Centaurs didn’t need riders and they certainly had no need of a marked track. No, instead the town had a pathway that had been created years ago that cut through the forest surrounding their town and ran down the main road of the town itself. It started at the festival, went through the main road, entered the forest, returned back down the same main road and finished where they had started at the festival. To and from.
Ashamed at being caught gawking Tony averted his eyes, apology ready on his lips, but Loki held them back. “I hold no surprise. This weapon is capable of many wonders and has proven itself useful on many occasions. However, it is nothing without its wielder. To anyone else it is simply a staff.”
This was the very last issue of the comic ever printed before Marvels was completely canceled. Many who believed they were the true fans for fighting against the changes cheered for the cancellation, claiming it was the first and final action to giving the comics the respect they deserved. Steve, on the other hand, was disappointed. He wanted to continue reading about Stark’s adventures, wanted to continue reading about the friendship between him and Rhodes and Potts. He didn’t care what direction the comics went to so long as they kept the characters the same. Tony, Rhodey and Pepper still said and behaved how they always behaved since the start and that was all Steve needed. Sure, he missed the famous silver armors, but so long as the comics still had Tony Stark in them he didn’t care if dragons were involved or mermaids or even elves.
“Steve!” Tony managed as Steve buried his face against his neck and mouthed at his bite mark. The alpha’s erection was pressed on the inside of his thigh, far too close to where he wanted it and far too early for the mixture to take effect. “Wait, Stee-
“Come on and join us. Sit anywhere you want,” he said with a wave of his hand at the available space.
“I guess Steve is good for something after all,” Jan said with a small nod. “Don't worry, Tony. We'll leave him alone just for you.”
