Dean’s laugh is bitter and hollow. “As if any of them stuck around long enough to even learn my address, let alone my fucked-up past.”
They wait at the emergency room for a couple of hours, Amelia enthusiastically fetching them coffee from the machine,
Hmm. “What are the names?” Maybe Dean can figure out which one Benny is more likely to have gone for, save some time.
The bartender places their drinks down on the counter and takes the bill from between Top Gun’s thumb and forefinger. “Keep the change,” he tells the back of her
For the first time in over a month, Dean feels free. The constant linger of fear has dissipated for now, thanks to Cas and his ability to throw a punch, and he’s left with a kind of euphoria, which may or may not be getting helped along by the sweet friction of their jean-clad erections and Cas’ hands on his ass, pulling him in closer.
Nick thrashes, water splashing everywhere. His hands scrabble back for Dean, nails leaving red lines up Dean’s forearms and his hands. Dean pulls tighter.
He’s gonna come outta his skin and provide Cas with a fucking spare if he doesn’t get to come soon, but he grits his teeth against it, curling his hands into fists, pinioned but determined not to give Cas the satisfaction of hearing him say the right (wrong?) name.
Being tactful — Sammy’d be proud — Dean responds, “I hope not — it might just be something as innocent as going out with his friends or whatever — but don’t you wanna know for definite?”
“Not a lot,” Victor says, picking up Woodley’s case file and flipping through it. “No DNA, no fingerprints. According to the family, Lozano was coming back from a trade expo in Kansas when she went missing. Two days later, her body was found on the Missouri-Kansas border.”
“Yeah,” Dean agrees on an airless shiver, heart pounding, dick half-hard in his jeans. “Jesus, Cas. I had no idea you could kiss like that, man. Or fight like that. You a secret badass or something?”
He could be out there living his last few hours in ignorant bliss on the coin pusher machines he saw near the kids' area.
Cas hums and scans the mess. “We need to get him up and out of here before he soaks through the lawn.”
Dean’s been keeping the fucking thing in the top drawer of his nightstand since his failed attempts at opening it. He hasn’t even mentioned it to Cas yet, wondering if he should destroy it or hand it back to Cas, so he can sell it on as originally planned.
As the darkness begins to creep in around the edges of the day, stealing away the light, the five of them make an executive decision to return to the car, get some food and the flashlights, and take a vote on whether they’re gonna at least spend the night.
Dean runs his fingers reverently over a differential for a Bentley Mulsanne. This part alone is easily worth several grand.
“Efficient maid service?” Dean jokes, in a totally transparent attempt to cover his unease. He turns, studying the floor. Near the door and window are some leaves. But not many. And there’s no broken glass, at all, beneath the window.
Benny’s eyes dart between Dean’s, like he’s searching for the truth in the statement. “Yeah? Then why you been avoidin’ us?
He wanders over to the huge inset walnut vanity near the corner of the room. It’s gotta be worth a couple thousand bucks
A twig snaps just behind one of the bushes up ahead, so Dean moves quickly, finger across the trigger guard.
“Sit on the counter,” his mild-mannered husband repeats in a stern tone that makes Dean shiver all the way to his dick.
They’ve got so many balls in the air that it’s like hazing week at a frat house. Or as Cas so eloquently put it, like a naked trampolining competition.
Despite his lack of skin, he’s more recognizable now, which actually makes it worse. His humanity marks just how badly he has suffered alone in another realm, making it all that more real and tragic.
There are two windows, one on either side of the back door. Wooden stairs connect the weather-battered door to a path that leads through the center of the garden and into the woods.
” he demands impatiently, pausing the movie and turning to face Benny on his couch. He brings one knee up, steels himself for the pity-party Benny’s about to throw him.
Twin halos of blue not leaving brimming green, Cas’ response is instant, profound, sincere. “I love you too, Dean.”
“Thanks,” Cas says quietly, rubbing his hand off on the fabric. He bumps gently into Dean, the soft press of his side brushing Dean’s arm. Their eyes catch and hold, and it’s like a snap in the air, the charged connection between them stealing Dean’s breath and cerebral function, something squeezing tight in his chest.
So Dean does. He’s up to twenty-seven before Cas answers him. “You’re having a panic attack. I’m not going to ask you what happened just yet, but I
Crowley is at the top of his list, but since the reappointed king of hell appeared to be working with him rather than against him, Castiel had let the smudge of dirt live. Better the devil you know.
Feeling victorious, Dean joins him on the sidewalk, outside a building that he instantly recognizes, and his feeling of triumph gives way to confusion.
Cas leans in and presses their lips together. Just a brief, reassuring touch to remind them what’s at stake.
Shooed back out into the hospital corridor as a rainbow of scrubs pours into Castiel’s room, Benny drags Dean in close by his elbow and whisper-yells, "Do you actually have a brain in your skull? Or in your empty coconut of a head, is it akin to walkin' down a pitch-black hallway in the middle of the night in an unfamiliar house, just constantly knockin' over vases and end tables?"
A grin spreads across Dean’s face as he follows. “Oh yeah, must’ve slipped my mind, what with all the orgasms and stuff. You’re gonna kill me with a CD, right?”
“Are you alright?” a gravel-rough, grave-dirt voice asks, and then the blue zooms out, revealing a familiar handsome face with a bit more color in it now.
Cas tilts his head and squints in that unreadable, intense way of his, a shadow behind earnest blue.
Does Cas think about what they did? Are there some nights when Dean’s breathing deep, shivering ever-so-slightly on every fifth inhale, where Cas is watching him sleep, wondering about the toll on their collective sanity?
Back downstairs in the dining room, everyone silently begins gathering up their things, not bothering to separate their belongings from one another’s, just grabbing shit as fast as they can.
pretend that Castiel doesn’t exist. Like the time Castiel accidentally-on-purpose, passively-aggressively ate the last of the lasagne Dean had been saving.
Dean sighs, waits for a break in Cas’ writing to put his hand over his cell’s mic. “Charlie wants to know what we’re doing for my birthday.”
“There’s a box,” Cas says one night when they’re lying next to each other on a mattress in the attic of Cas and Jimmy’s childhood home.
“Just because I can’t do anything about your impudence now, doesn’t mean that I won’t in the future.”
Dean’s grin widens. “Later,” he says, and it’s a promise for more than just a blowjob; it's an unspoken assurance that they’re both gonna still be here for it. That everything’s gonna be okay and Dean’s plan — which feels dumber by the second — is gonna work. “But for now, we’d better get dressed and dial 1-900-Cenobite.”
You’d think Dean would be better at this whole being stalked thing, but apparently, he’s in just as many shattered pieces as the first time.
It’s kind of a loaded question, but for once, Dean doesn’t have to paste on a forced smile. “I’m good.”
Dean’s had a fair amount of sexual experience. He’s done and seen a lot, but he’s never been brought to the edge of his orgasm time and again until he cries.
The goon is coming closer and all Dean needs is another foot or so and then the gorilla will be within striking range. “Didn’t my darling ex tell you why we broke up?”
So what? He’s sitting there in a three or four-bedroom home, playing happy fucking families by himself like a psychopath?
Now on the outside of the ring, walking backward up the entrance ramp, and with his eyes not leaving Dean, Cas is smug and unrepentant, the possessive asshole. He crooks his finger, mouthing what looks like “come and get it” – his catchphrase from over at Impact – and just like that, the Heartbreak Kid has his latest rivalry, and Dean has his post-show instructions.
, trying to control his breathing, because all he needs is a panic attack right now as they both twitch through the aftershocks of their last orgasm together. Cas kisses Dean’s sweaty temple, breathing labored and moist against Dean’s hairline.
Dean’s lips form words, but he doesn’t know whether any sound comes out or not, ‘cause all he can hear in his ears is the hummingbird flutter of his pulse, as he shoots his liquefied spine out of his dick.
Which is to say, Dean stops trailing after Cas like a starstruck fan, and instead sometimes doesn’t meet him from class, pretending to be busy with Jo.
the week of his birthday and Cas still owes him a hotel called Freckles or Sexy Ass or some other ode to his favorite body part a la Bugsy Siegel and Virginia Hill.
Before Cas, it might’ve been. Dean was willing to try and meet Jimmy halfway. To lead Jimmy by the cock through sex and pleasure and make him realize that it can be good. That they’re not incompatible, that Dean isn’t damaged and Jimmy isn’t dirty, that neither of them is broken.
bit more convincing, I might’ve actually given poor Cas the stake treatment and as a result, gotten you off the hook and me on.”
Dean’s heart kicks into high gear, and all his concentration is suddenly narrowed to the tinny speaker of his phone, the tiny crackles and slight fuzziness indicative of a globe-spanning connection. “Cas?”
‘Cause somehow the stalker has found out where Dean and Cas live, so more photos, notes, and even a box of fucking
It doesn’t seem to deter Ketch though. He smiles with his eyes, and it’s entirely too calculated for Dean. Like he knows something that Dean doesn’t.
So Dean does the one thing that he excels at (aside from blow jobs): he represses. He shoves down the scary feelings that are bigger than him and his punk-rock-chord-progression emotions and he simply pretends that shit doesn’t exist.
There’s a mud-encrusted dark SUV haphazardly parked near the entrance of the field that Castiel carefully pulls into. Nearby, there are stationary trucks that he recognizes with a pang of longing in his heart.
Dean rips a larger chunk of one of his flannels, and wraps it around Cas’ arm a couple of times, tying it as tight as he dares. It doesn’t look like a nicked artery as far as Dean can tell, so the makeshift bandage should be fine for now.
Like he knows someone is watching him, Cas’ previously weightless gaze zeroes right in on Dean, his expression softening when their eyes meet, the spark of their connection running right through Dean like a current (and just as dangerous for his heart).
“Cas,” he whispers, trying to angle his face so that he doesn’t murder Cas with his morning breath. “I need to go to the bathroom.”
Perhaps this is the universe telling him to stop overthinking things and start enjoying them, and really, who is he to challenge the universe?
Garth, behind the steering wheel of the rented Grand Cherokee, grins over his shoulder like the messy-haired maniac he is and sing-songs, “To Grandma's house we go. Heigh-ho, heigh-ho, heigh-ho. We're on our way with horse and sleigh…”
Apparently it does, because the man continues, “The best way of explaining the situation is to compare heaven and hell as rival companies competing for the same resource; the human soul. Both heaven and hell both see the souls of humanity as currency. Each soul - dependent on its final status when it leaves the body - is destined for either heaven or hell. There are factors that influence a soul along the way, of course, and that is calculated at the point of human death.”
Dean briefly considers lying to his boyfriend, but that’ll set an unfortunate precedent, and the one person he never wants to lie to is Cas. “Meg,” he answers.
They’ve got a cover story, having had to wheel it out and prop it up in their dating days, but Jimmy’s old group of bible-bashers had heard the saccharine lie a million times; now Dean’s gotta be a storyteller for the new band of Jesus freaks.
While Jimmy’s sexuality is something he’s battled with, finding it often conflicts with his spirituality, Dean had naively assumed that his family knew of his existence at least. Jimmy’s mom is dead, Castiel estranged, but his dad is alive and kicking (and ultra-religious to the point of puritanical.) Dean’s always figured that the man refused to meet him because he disapproved of Jimmy’s late-in-life discovered homosexuality, choosing to shun the wedding for the same reason. Now though, Dean’s wondering if the lack of familial involvement is an extension of Jimmy’s own insecurities and deity-inflicted shame.
Dean had no clue what it could be. Cas had been fine at breakfast earlier, consuming his usual bland smoothie whilst Dean complained about the toaster oven with loose knobs. There was absolutely nothing to indicate that a messy, vomity death was on the cards today.
It’s pretty convenient that Nick knew for a fact that they were gonna be away from the house today. If they hadn’t stopped at the castle, they’d be at the airport now, probably over forty minutes away.
There’s a protracted pause as Cas listens to whoever it is at the other end. Then he says, “You sound like a jealous wife. Stop being so petty. You’re my friend, but Dean is my boyfriend. I don’t understand why you’re being like this, Meg.”
He tries to kid himself that he’s trying, that he’s not heartsick for Cas, that what’s trapped in the cage of his ribs with his other vital organs isn’t gonna destroy the one good thing in his life. But there’s no fooling himself, even if he can fool everyone else around him. Which, apparently, he can. Jimmy looks happier than he’s been since they married and even Cas seems to buy the bullshit Dean is selling after a quick interrogation where Dean remains tight-lipped and single-syllabled.
So yeah, it feels good to have a few drinks and just chill out, rather than waking up every morning wondering if today’s going to be the day that a nutjob with mommy issues decides to strangle another sophomore with piano wire.
Cas does that baby-bird head tilt, like he’s trying to decipher a foreign language, and Dean wants to drown himself in the ocean blue of his eyes. “Hear that, Cas? We’re disgustingly adorable. Personally, I prefer the term ‘ruggedly winsome’.”
In silence, they start the trek back up the stairs, coming out on the second floor. They both pause, listening for any signs of life.
“I don’t know!” Benny yells, throwing his arms up and turning away from Dean. He begins searching through their stuff. “He was right behind me until he wasn’t.”
Dean’s a decently-muscled 6’1 to Jo’s slender 5’4, but if he were a betting man, he’d put it all on her.
Balthazar tilts his head back on a laugh so forced that Castiel is genuinely worried he’s going to pop a vein. “Handsome
“Absolutely.” Dean’s fingers curl around the handle of the knife, right as Bartholomew comes up behind him.
“I signed the prenup she wanted, I agreed to play by her rules, and this—” he gestures loosely at Dean, “—is how she repays me? She puts out a hit on me?”
His heart hammers against his ribcage. This is what his lust-addled brain was trying to piece together last night. The Angelmaker takes multiple polaroids of his strangled victims and leaves them at the scene. It’s something left out of the news reports thus far, so only people with either access to the files - or the killer themselves - would know. Certainly not an
, it’s a wonderful, glorious way to communicate, but… but with each punched-out gasp, it loosely occurs to Dean that they’re drawing out what may be inevitable instead of facing it.
“Nobody, Garth,” Dean answers tightly, “but out of all of us, I’m the only one with even a modicum of survival savvy, so maybe, just maybe, you could all start listening to my fucking advice!”
Dean clicks his fingers. “Oh, yeahhhh. Technology’s amazing, ain’t it? So, I guess we’ll see you at home. Glad you could come out. Jack, you drive back.”
It’s that last one that’s proving problematic for Dean, ‘cause since their conversation about Cas’ intention to buy property (and possibly settle down with someone who almost certainly won’t be Dean), his brain’s been going haywire with thoughts of:
Meg’s suddenly there, standing between them and the stunned crowd. “Nothing to see here, people!” she yells, sweeping her arms around and herding everyone back inside.
Things did get a bit fucking tense there for a while after Dean and Cas broke up — Benny was the first to ask if Dean wanted Cas removed from the friendship group, but no, of course Dean didn’t want that. They’re all adults, right?
“Fuck,” Dean pants and it’s almost a sob as Castiel’s grip on his ass tightens, palms pulling his cheeks apart and holding him open for his tongue. Dean’s skin prickles with a hot rush of filthy-good shame, feeling exposed and shaky, but his dick is hard and leaking, betraying his desperation.
He jams the muzzle of his .45 into her sternum. Her mouth springs open. “Lose the hammer, sweetheart.”
Forcing himself to let go of Benny, allowing him to push Dean’s arm away from his throat, Dean lays on his back whilst Benny disentangles their limbs.
Rolling onto his side and propping his head up with one hand, Dean stares at Cas’ profile in the soft light, the smooth slope of his nose, the pretty swell of his mouth. His fingertips follow the trail his eyes blaze, mapping out the curve of Cas’ cheekbones, the stubble-rough skin of his philtrum. “So what’s the plan? Fuck around and find out? Or, find
“How about now?” Cas demands, nose brushing against Dean’s temple, his mouth close to Dean’s ear. “How about I fuck you right now until the only thing you can say is my name?”
Not to mention the shit he pulled back at the warehouse. Seriously, there is not enough Lysol in the world to make Dean feel less
Standing motionless with held breath burning his lungs, Dean watches him. He doesn’t begin to walk again until his jogger is about halfway up the next block. Then he moves out of the tree’s shadow, goes to the corner, and steps off the curb.
It’s cold. Not quite like ice, but enough to steal his breath, leaving him gasping. His bare feet touch the slippery rocks at the bottom. They slide out from under him, but he grabs a gulp of air before his head plunges into the cold.
. Probably the prettiest shade he’s ever encountered. The hue of forget-me-nots and Dean already knows he never will.
“And what happens if it takes longer than you think?” Garth says, “And we wait until morning to go, but don’t get back before it gets dark again? That’s potentially another night we’ve gotta stay here.”
“Your memories will come back,” Dean assures him, keeping his voice as level and steady as he can, even as his concern is rising for the sweat beading at Castiel’s temples. “And so will we.”
But this is a long, deliberate look; legitimate temptation, especially now that Dean knows how all of
, his skin so tight that it doesn’t feel enough to contain him, so close to the edge that he can see sweet oblivion below. “Can I move? Please.”
He continues munching. “None taken. I know that I’m the nerdy, comedy sidekick and not the hero. It’s cool.”
“Something like that,” Cas smiles wryly as he steps around the counter, shop keys in hand. “Or I was until I left.”
drink a lot and eat fried catfish. You serve it in your fucking restaurant, so way to lean into the cliché, dude.”
Outnumbered and on the wrong end of an interrogation, Benny sighs. “I wasn’t wearin’ it. I left it here. So it either got lost in the mess of clothes and sleepin’ bags, or somebody stole it.” He fumbles, trying to come up with another explanation. “Charlie! You saw me leavin’ without it on, right?”
Dean instantly feels like an idiot for letting himself worry about when the goddamn sun is going down. Who cares? This dude ain’t really a friggin’ vampire.
Gabriel’s raucous laughter tops out over the classic rock background music. Anna nearly chokes on her mouthful of rosé.
Unfortunately — or fortunately, depending on whether you’re Dean or not — Charlie chooses that moment to reappear with some coffee. She nudges the donut box to the edge of the table with her knee and deposits a couple of mugs, before going back to get more.
In silence, they set down their things. They open their sleeping bags and spend a while arranging them. Three fit side by side. Two fit crosswise.
Of course, stories told without subverting the genre tropes can be just as effective. Some of the very best horror stories rely heavily on the staples.
Dean doesn’t know the context of that comment for sure, but he can make a pretty good guess. He’s probably been so obvious about his stupid crush, Cas had to resort to whatever the fuck
They’ve been clamoring for Castiel for some time. And rightly so. He’s damn good. Easily as good as some of WWE’s best, if not better. The main thing that’s stopped him from getting signed long before now is that he’s just a bit (read:
“Did you bring any flashlights?” Dean asks, an unnecessary edge of irritation to his voice that has nothing to with Garth or this fucking hotel. “Or
Now that he’s not rushing toward his uncertain doom and Cas, he can take the time to appreciate the atmosphere in the corridor. Even though it’s late, it’s still filled with music, voices, and laughter. On the way to the bathroom, Dean passes several open doors. Students in the rooms are sprawled on beds, sitting at desks, some studying, some carrying on discussions, others eating, drinking, and watching TV.
Castiel laughs quietly as he nearly trips over the cat, half-apologizing to it as he leaps clear and continues on his way, leaving the cat on the sidewalk, staring after him, along with Dean.
There’s muffled movements and then a sickeningly familiar voice says, "Why hello, Dean. I hear congratulations are in order.”
“Dean,” he corrects, too caught up in the way his name sounded in Castiel’s mouth a couple of heartbeats ago to give a shit about much else. Like professionalism or consequences. “Call me Dean. And, uh yes. I have.”
A couple of seconds after Cas disappears from view, Dean hears the toilet flush and Cas reappears sans cigarette. Once he’s back at the nightstand, he scoops up his phone and tosses it onto the mattress beside Dean. “Put your number in there.”
“Alright.” Dean inhales deeply, braces his weight against the desk, ready to impart some truth that this egg-shell fragile woman probably isn’t gonna like. “Here’s the thing, Daphne. If your husband is putting these women under — by hypnosis or whatever — he’s compromising their ability to consent. In other words, he legally doesn’t have their permission. If he was having sex with them—”
A man with a sagging sweater-full of coins waddles past them. There are probably easier ways to carry money to slot machines.
As soon as Dean wakes up, Castiel is going to apologize to him. He acted ridiculously last night, especially as Dean was only concerned about him and his newfound status. Castiel would be exactly the same if the situation was reversed. It’s just hard to remember that through the low, thick throb of want permeating every atom and fiber of his being.
Someone — Meg — shoves a first-aid kit into Dean’s hand with the chewed-out instruction, “Tape that idiot’s hands up. I’ll take care of this.”
A sick feeling of despair washes over Dean, cold and nasty, and he fists his hands in his hair, tugging hard as he spins in place, hot tears edging into his eyes.
Cas shoots him a quizzical look when Dean pulls his phone out of pocket, checking to see who’s calling him. Everyone who they give a fuck about knows they’re about to be out of the state.
Dean’s never seen the appeal of hunting animals for sport. It’s cruelty for cruelty’s sake as far as he’s concerned, but watching Benny’s departing back through the trees, he definitely feels some primal instinct stirring hot in his blood.
After a couple minutes of pretty sensible and not-at-all-panicked back and forth, the three of them decide to head deeper into the forest together. Garth grabs the water, Charlie snatches another flashlight, and they begin their hike.
Dean’s head is throbbing in time with his cock and pulse, and there are spots swimming in his vision as he comes down, panting against the cage of Cas’ fingers, lightheaded with both the lack of air and his orgasm.
It’s the castle on Massachusetts Street. The one Dean had very briefly hoped would be the venue for their wedding before it was bought by developers. There’s still building work ongoing to the graystone exterior, but Cas just saunters up the path towards the entrance like he owns the place.
looks at his friend, shifting in his seat and turning his whole body to face Benny. Who’s still holding himself with the same reserve he was when they were in Castiel’s room. That, combined with the way he draws out his laughter until it’s ready to snap or be spun into a lie, sees a thought — small and parasitic — burrowing its way into Dean’s brain.
Castiel can understand that, but. “You always wanted me to be fun, didn’t you? When we got together, you were forever trying to drag me to ‘fun’ things, broaden horizons or whatever it was you said. Well, I’m fun now. It might be fourteen years too late, but here I am.”
The sewing kit has several sizes of needle, from minuscule to kinda chunky. There are some mini spools of thread in basic colors too, as well as a teeny wire thing that looks like a flimsy torture device, and a pair of plastic-handled scissors that no human — adult or child — could fit their fingers into.
The realization hurts; a sharp pain behind his ribs, like he’s been stabbed and the stabber is just rooting around in his chest, cutting him to ribbons for funsies.
He’s just walked past the changing room door, the one marked GENTS, when he hears a door getting shoved open, gritty and loud, and he has a split second to wonder if it’s Benny at the front again, before there’s a strong hand on his shoulder, forcefully dragging him backward.
“Yeah, Jimmy,” Dean moans thick and exaggerated over the wet sound of their bodies coming together. “So good.” His cheek skids painfully across granite as Cas fucks into him so hard that he nearly overbalances, forcing Dean up onto the ball of his foot. His dick is achingly hard, trapped between his stomach and the countertop, so amazing-awful, body taut and breath catching in his chest.
“Probably a few fights,” Dean answers, licking at his lips, maintaining eye-glaze-contact with the donut. “Was kind of a rowdy party at times. You know how humanities students can be. Just getting their practice in for when they’ve gotta fight over jobs.”
“There’s no need to apologize, Dean.” The warmth in Cas’ voice makes Dean feel like maybe, just maybe, things will be okay. “Do you want to meet up somewhere, so we can discuss what to do next? One of my cousins is in law enforcement. I can always call him and find out if there’s anything that can be done.”
He turns his hand over, examining his skin. There’s no discoloration, no marks, nothing. He curls his hand into a fist before fanning his fingers back out again.
Still, he feels exposed, standing there in the quad without somebody at his side, yacking in his ear about the latest dick on the carousel (Jo), how Freddy Krueger is Nancy’s dad (Garth), LSAT prep (Cas), or some punk band with a hot chick singer (Charlie).
“Yeah,” Dean responds flatly. “Yeah, I’m done.” He turns his back to find a shirt, leaving Cas to stew in whatever flavor of anger he’s going for today.
He catches himself on two steps above, his palms and the configuration plunged into viscous blood that materializes like quicksand, painting his hands a rich red, but Dean ignores the gag at the back of his throat, forces himself to push on, to reach Cas.
Done with his food, Castiel pulls apart the small piece of chicken with his fingertips. He’s saved it with this specific purpose in mind, “Giblet,” He murmurs, knowing that it won’t take much encouragement.
what Dean’s doing, Cas drags the rough pad of his thumb over Dean's bottom lip, smearing the tacky drop of come there into the swollen flesh. Dean's spent dick twitches.
“Yeah,” Dean scrubs a hand over his day-end stubble, still irritated. “I hurt his pride and for a second I thought he might do something about it, ‘cause well, you know what they say — the most sensitive part of the penis is the man attached to it.”
“I’m not interested, Benny. Not unless you can prove to me that Cas is lying somehow. And you can’t, because he isn’t.”
The thing is, Benny’s not wrong. Everything else ceased to exist when Dean and Cas were in that place together. It was dangerous and intoxicating and Dean misses it like hell even as he knows how thoroughly terrifying it is. He's kept these feelings walled up for years now, but just being here, being on the adrenaline kick that comes with this kind of stupidity, is reminding him of everything that he and Cas used to be.
Dean shudders on an inhale and forces himself to be still. He waits. It would be so easy to slip into the headspace he used when he was turning tricks, almost like a second skin, but he doesn’t wanna zone out like he used to with his johns. He wants to feel every second of this so he can store it and loop it later.
He squints, trying to see the person in the blue jeans, Cas, Charlie, or Garth. Maybe watching from the doorway or by the pool house.
“—I’m gonna stop you right there.” ‘Cause Dean knows where this is going and he doesn’t like it. “I’m fine. Cas and I are fine. He’s not abusing me or whatever, if that’s what you think is going on.” The alcohol is making his tongue loose. He’d never usually voice that out loud, never do Cas the injustice of putting that shit right out there. But since everybody else seems to be doing that tonight, Dean’s gotta head ‘em off at the pass.
Behind him, he hears the tearing of foil and the uncapping of the lube bottle. His skin prickles as he waits for Castiel to come back, to touch him again. A couple of arrhythmic heartbeats pass and then Castiel is there, bearing his weight down on Dean, Dean’s bound hands caught between the crush of their bodies, the backs of his knuckles brushing against the silky head of Castiel’s erection.
“Dean, wait--” Cas calls out after him and Dean halts halfway to the door, both hopeful and resigned to saying no, no matter what.
Hauling him close, burying his face in Dean’s neck, Castiel breathes him in. He smells like the earth, rich and deep, like dirt and trees, overlaid with the thick, familiar tang of iron. There’s a faraway look in his unfocused green eyes when he pulls back; haunted and exhausted. But he’s still beautiful, still
There are a lot of rules in professional wrestling. By kissing Dean in front of sixty-five thousand people, his boyfriend of thirteen years – his husband of five – just broke rule number one on his first night in the biggest wrestling arena in the world.
He hears the sound of his nightstand drawer being pulled open and seconds later, there’s the cold drip of lube smeared between his ass cheeks. Breath caught on a sharp inhale, Dean turns his head to one side, sucking in fresh oxygen and moaning, canting his hips back and spreading his legs wide.
Cas is going home with and fucking until she cries, and that’s a mantra Dean holds close to his heart, wheeling it out whenever she simpers at Cas and tries for the fifteenth time to grab his attention.
It’s a pretty transparent lie, and he’s not surprised when Cas calls him out on it. “Don’t lie to me.”
‘Cause cockroaches may well survive multiple attempts on their lives (and even the apocalypse), but at least they have the decency to stay the fuck outta your way and not pop up once in a while to give you shitty villain speeches and try to kill you.
“Do you remember anything about what happened?” Benny asks in an attempt to get this back on track before Dean and the star witness in a multiple murder investigation start passing each other love notes.
“You feel so good, Dean, so good,” he croons, mindless, gaze dropping between their bodies, where they’re joined, watching himself disappear into Dean’s body, fucking Dean so deep that Dean can damn near taste him at the back of his throat. “So beautiful, let me hear you, want to hear you, tell me how it feels with me inside you.
It doesn’t matter, of course it doesn’t. Cas has always known how to slice right down to the intimate parts of him, how to scoop out his core. Dean happily handed the correct tools right over. “Does he make you come?”
His former friend is virtually unrecognizable, head and neck coated in crimson, his chest rising and falling in a jagged rhythm.
“He’s gonna kill you, you know,” Claire tells him from the back seat, with the relaxed air of someone about to experience some juicy schadenfreude. It’s hard to take her poor choice of words seriously, however, when her hair resembles a nest that a wild bird might have cobbled together in a hurry.
Dean’s already considering the possibility that him not shooting Benny was actually part of his master plan to take the whole fucking kingdom, rather than the slip-up that everyone assumed it was. Cas is a devious fucker, adept at playing the long game. Dean certainly wouldn’t be surprised.
Nick shoots just to the left of Dean’s head, bullet whizzing past inches away from his ear and embedding in the wall behind him, “The next one goes in your brain.”
Nope, Dean’s not missing anything. But he didn’t bring anything of value, no electronics other than his cell, no car—
to interact with are those who know him well. And for his job, he’s perfected the art of a customer service persona, consisting of banal small-talk and frozen-smile politeness that Dean is forever marveling at, because in comparison, he’s rather hot-headed and liable to tell someone — customer or employee — to fuck off.
One: Cas has got violence in his eyes; it’s that look he gets just before he kneecaps someone or beats them to death with a paperweight that their friend brought them back from Antigua. Dean put that look there and he can’t wait to reap the rewards.
Dean swallows around Cas’ dick, throat fluttering, and Dean’s mild-mannered husband curses a blue streak; dark, devastated eyes fixed on Dean’s mouth, breathing ragged, right on the cusp of coming.
. He’s in there somewhere and despite Castiel’s God status, he’s found himself missing his friend acutely. If this is the only way Castiel gets to have him, then he might just have to live with it.
Why can’t he be normal about his crush or whatever? And yeah, sure, Dean’s hardly the expert on how to deal with feelings and shit, but there’s gotta be a better way than stalking someone, right? It’s not like Dean’s unapproachable or whatever, so why the fuck can’t the dude just speak to him?
“Cas!” Garth points at Cas, trying to look as intimidating as a guy can when he’s skinny as hell, flopped awkwardly on a couch, and at least moderately tipsy. “In order to become a true horror aficionado, you must answer these questions three. One: What’s the name of the camp in Sleepaway Camp?”
Together, Balthazar and Dean watched Cas go, and as soon as he was inside, Dean turned to Balthazar with a self-satisfied smirk on his face, ‘cause yeah, he was invited to shower with that hotass with puke in his hair,
“Cas?” Dean catches Cas’ wrist, pleads with his eyes, hoping to convey that it’s okay. Whatever happened, Dean’s here.
Twigs snap behind him, and Dean raises his hand to warn Benny. Seconds later, he feels Benny’s breath on his neck and the heat of his body too close. It has Dean’s skin prickling with unease and his spine straightening, but he ignores it for now. One thing at a time.
Cas winces. “Yes, I understand she’s not exactly popular amongst our peers, but she’s been a good friend to me.”
“Everything. I want it all. And I’m taking it. I do hope you’re not overly fond of your housekeeper.”
There’s an elder sign clumsily painted in red, the charred remains of some animal — a squirrel, Garth seems to think, with his absolutely zero experience in either zoology or forensic science — in the center of the floor, and the pervasive, stale stench of what could either be sage or weed.
Dean squints to see. His feet carry him forward before he can think better of it. Nobody jumps out at him as he makes his way past the chest-high hedge, watching the pitch-black porch for any movement.
Dean feels sick. And it has nothing to do with the weird fish egg thing on a cracker that he ate earlier in an attempt to be cultured. He stuffs the phone back into the purse as he glances around, but nobody is coming over to yell at him for looking through stuff that he shouldn’t be looking through.
Pushing up on his forearm, Cas reaches across Dean to rummage around in his nightstand drawer, hopefully for fuck-me supplies, rather than a moving haiku he’s written about Dean’s soul or something equally tear-jerking-but-not-conducive-to-Dean-coming.
Wanting a way out of this awkward tension, Dean muses idly, “I’m not sure who I had the bigger crush on. Sid or Billy.”
Castiel writes it down on his pad, “Alright. Vague, but it’ll do. Now I need the name of the subject.”
They walk the rest of the way in a thorny silence, Dean silently berating himself for the lovesick slip.
Dean enters, expecting to see at least a few people milling about, but there’s no-one. However, he can hear the sound of rushing water from the shower room.
Dean kisses him again. And again. Frantic little touches that do nothing to convey the emotion behind them.
Between this and the dancing last night, Dean’s seriously wondering if Cas has been holding out on him all these years. Sure, when they were younger, they used to dry hump under the pretense of dancing, but whatever the fuck
Does death keep score like that? If the Final Destination movies are to be believed, the answer is a resounding yes.
“Oh, really?” Charlie’s tone slides across registers, and once again, Dean finds himself wishing for powers of telepathy or brain murder.
Tree-man listens intently, and not wanting to intrude, Dean turns partially away just as the song switches into a heavier beat.
Panic spiking, Dean rushes to Cas’ side, hands at the ready to check for any injuries he may have missed. “You okay?”
Dean runs toward the car and stops behind it, checking in the windows for any sign of life. Nothing.
Does he call out to Benny? The picture-taking could’ve been harmless, could’ve just been another patron getting a shot of a plant.
“You’ve split your knuckles, Rocky,” Dean murmurs. He takes the Neosporin, gauze, and tape out, and begins to methodically clean Cas’ knuckles, swiping at them with one cotton pad after another until he reaches the abraded skin. “Though, that
“What are you drinking?” Rolex-douche asks, like it’s the smoothest line ever and as though he doesn’t smell like the kind of body wash teenage boys think is the height of sophistication and-or a pussy magnet.
Cas is up and out of his seat before Dean can react. By the time Dean reanimates, Cas is halfway out the door, and Dean flails uselessly, chasing after him. “Cas!”
Arthur’s eyebrows go up. “Oh,” he says, “I didn’t know. I thought he was with— Never mind. Though I suppose it does make sense.”
In Castiel's experience, Glengarry Glen Ross is less an exaggerated, fictional portrayal, and more a documentary.
“Yeah,” Dean agrees, staring back at Cas staring at him. “Can’t have you getting dressed in wet clothes. You might catch your death. Wouldn’t want that on my conscience.”
The difference is so stark that it’s like a physical ache in his chest. It reaffirms everything Dean’s been thinking tonight: about him and Cas, about how his decision to walk away ten years ago was the wrong one.
Nick hums, pretending to consider, “Well, I believe I already told you that months ago. Now the price has gone up.”
“I doubt he’d approve,” comes Cas’ strong, full-sentenced response, a repeat of something said all that time and all those fucks ago.
So, whenever she barges in, shoving her small body right between them like it’s not a big enough metaphor already, Dean lets it slide, even if it has him pushing Cas harder, acting out more whenever it’s just him and Cas in the early hours.
“You’re mine,” Cas says like it’s irrefutable, just a tenet of the universe. He holds Dean’s head in the cup of his palms, and promises, “I’ll always come back for you. I’d come back from the dead for you.”
“Okay,” Amelia says after an awkwardly long pause, her face giving nothing away. “I’ll call again another time.”
“Nah,” Dean waves his husband and his concern off, “You rebook the flights, check in with Sam and Mrs. C. I’ll go sort Benny out.”
“Oh, yeah,” he smirks, stepping closer and pulling the fabric out, so that it serves as a functioning t-shirt again. “Totally not gay at all, dude.”
Sometimes he lies awake at night, listening to the gentle lull of Cas’ breathing, nuzzling his face into Cas’ throat, breathing in the scent of his skin. Most of the time, Cas seems indestructible, unassailable, but when he’s asleep, there’s an excruciating vulnerability in the soft lines of his face.
Nick is talking to Benny, words that are barely audible behind the panes of glass. The glare of sunlight makes it difficult to see exactly what’s going on, but when Dean moves closer, Sammy must catch sight of him, because his eyes widen. Dean puts a finger to his lips in a ‘shush’ gesture, which is thoroughly pointless, ‘cause Sam has duct tape across his mouth, but still.
Balthazar steps up close to Dean, putting himself in front of Castiel. He puffs his chest out, which is ridiculous, because Dean has a good few inches of height and a decent amount of muscle on him. Having seen Dean fight, and also the way Balthazar struggles to carry the rider signs from the trunk of his car to the lawn of a recently sold property, Castiel knows who his money is on if this does turn into a brawl.
Dean racks his brains trying to spool through everything that’s happened over the past few years. Has he ever given Cas a reason to mistrust him? Not one that he can find.
Cas is insane, but you can’t just go around asking crazy people if they’re crazy. It brings out their crazy.
“Claire,” Castiel scolds. There’s no need to be rude. After all, Tim-Tom-Tony is the helpful one who — after he saw Jack staring at the car with doleful eyes — suggested a test drive. Castiel would have been perfectly content to simply purchase it, but Tim-Tom-Tony insisted they should ‘see what she can do,’ so Castiel feels it’s a little late to be kicking up a stink now. Then an excellent idea eclipses his minor irritation. “Claire, why don’t
has Dean’s thoughts splintering. He doesn’t want to believe it of Benny, but at the same time? Benny and Cas’ relationship has always been kinda…
Of course, he can’t actually say that out loud, because, well, that would be communicating, wouldn’t it? The resulting paradox would have their universe collapsing in on itself.
“Dick,” Dean tells him, glancing at the rainbow water fountain just across from them. It’s completely unnecessary and out of place and for those reasons alone, Dean immediately loves it, “Hey, what’s the difference between the mob and the mafia?
O’Hare is as fucking crammed as it always is. There’s no way Dean’s gonna wade through the sea of people waiting near the exit of the customs area with their cute and cheesy pickup signs, so Dean hangs back, watching the arrivals board to see which carousel Cas’ flight gets assigned to.
So, Dean magnanimously (ha) allows Cas to mold himself around his body every single night. Lets the steadiness of Cas’ breathing lull him to sleep.
Benny — wonderful, amazing Benny, Dean’s bestest friend in the whole entire world — drops a cinnamon-scented pastry and a Venti Caffe Americano on the table in front of Dean and Dean’s not above professing his love for anyone who brings him food. “Benny, if you weren’t married, I’d drop to my knees right now.” He uncaps the coffee, not bothering with the tiny little sips he’d get with the lid on, and gulps down the lukewarm caffeinated lifeblood.
Dean closes his eyes, and for a while, he sleeps, safe. It’s a dreamless sleep, boneless exhaustion sinking in and pulling him under.
give Castiel the silent treatment. Which is almost worse, because Dean Winchester is ‘king of the petty bitches’ (Claire’s terminology) and he
after Castiel, believing that whatever affection Castiel has for Dean Winchester — combined with the powers held by a Knight of Hell — might be enough to remove Castiel from the board for good.
The following silence is so long that Dean has to check to make sure that they haven’t been disconnected.
So when some friend of his dad with lank hair and ruddy cheeks bought him a chocolate-vanilla-swirl ice cream and pushed Dean’s too-long mop of sandy hair out of his eyes and said, "
Fresh peals of laughter carry up from downstairs. Dean wants to drag them all up here, into this circle of hell, and demand to know where their fucking god is now.
One day he’ll be explaining all this to a prison shrink. They’ll come to understand why he snapped and went on a tri-state shooting spree screaming about karambits and vases and french toast.
The school isn’t raising money for the aforementioned sporting equipment though, because that’s yet something else that the parents are expected to dig deep for. Same with field trips and pretty much anything else.
Squeezing his eyes shut, he turns into the hot spray. It hits him full in the face, fills his mouth, spills down his chin, washing the crimson away.
Cas braces himself, palms flat behind him on the desk. “Yeah.” Even so, he gasps in pain as his boot comes off over the injured ankle, followed by his jeans.
“Though, I may just search for a new place off-campus and see if I can get a year-long rental. It’ll save the hassle of having to keep moving,” Cas adds, picking at the icing on his second donut.
Not that Dean’s an expert or anything, but he’s seen (and fucked) a lot of the former. Men who married their wives because it’s the done thing and the respectable way to get sex on tap; had kids because it was what their wife wanted and their family-friendly boss suggested, but they’re not happy. They’re resentful of their wife and their kids. And their wife is resentful of
, he couldn't close his eyes without seeing the chains, without hearing the screams, without smelling the sizzle of burning flesh.
He doesn’t know what caused his abrupt selective mutism back then, has it locked down deep in the recesses of his mind, but he sure as fuck knows what’s causing it now.
to split hairs. It’s the difference between an ex-boyfriend and a boyfriend being the murdering psychopath. This shit matters, dude.”
Dean knows, he just needs to make sure he and Cas are on the same page. They pretty much always are, but it’s nice to have the verbal confirmation.
Gooseflesh pebbling his arms, Dean goes to leave, to return downstairs, but as he’s making his way toward the door, skirting the edges of the lightbulb’s circle of illumination, his foot makes contact with something in the darkness.
Benny jerks his chin in Cas’ direction, “What is it about him, huh? Sure, he’s pretty--” To Dean’s right, Cas cocks his gun, and Benny is either supremely stupid or suicidal, “--but you could have anyone, Dean. Literally
Gabriel gapes for a long moment, jaw hanging. “You’re fun! Why didn’t you tell me that you’re fun, Castiel? More shots, yes! Let’s get more shots for our pal Cassie here!”
Next to Garth, Charlie looks thoroughly enthralled. “This is like a Hitchcock plot. Do you think whoever it was singled you out specifically?”
Still, it's an added stress they could've done without. Like a car that won’t start when you’re in a hurry for something, or when McDonald’s runs out of those little sauce packets.
“Nah alright, you got me,” Dean grins, dropping the act but keeping his hands up, “Benny was wrong. Guy has always put me on a pedestal for some reason.”
Cas looks up at him through his sooty lashes, still stroking Dean’s dick. “I told you everything would be okay.”
“Let me see you come,” Cas commands, heated, stroking fast and rough, letting Dean fuck into the tight tunnel of his palm, Dean’s cock growing impossibly harder at the instruction and
“I’m gonna fuck you and then kill you,” Nick snarls in his ear, pinning one of Dean’s hands to the small of his back with a knee, “How do you think he’ll like that?” Despite the whole struggling-with-breathing thing, Dean has enough presence of mind to jerk his head back and catch the hardest part of his skull against Nick’s delicate cheekbone. It’s a pretty decent headbutt in super shitty circumstances, and it stuns the fucker sufficiently to allow Dean to crawl away, grit under his nails, kicking out at Nick’s hand grasping for his boot.
“I think you need your fuckin’ head examined,” Dean tells her, lowering Cas as gently as he can. Finally, he’s on the nest, with a hiss and a wince, but he’s hopefully semi-comfortable, so Dean can turn the full force of his
, that’s precisely what he’d be doing right now (whilst Dean’s having his wedding-based crisis, alongside the mafia one). Instead, he just silently glowers, waiting for someone in the room to tell him that
It’s something they used to say to each other, a riff on a stupid Wahlberg movie Dean forced Cas to watch in college.
“Are you ready for this?” Dean asks, fists in the lapels of the ugly-ass trench coat he carried around in the trunk of Baby for months. Cas’ palm burns hot on Dean’s shoulder through his thin sleep shirt. They’ve been this close to one another plenty of times before, but the context is different now.
There are just some things you don’t wanna ever see. The shed skin of what looks like the mayor is one of them.
Wiping his clammy palms off on his jeans, Dean tells Cas, “I’ll be right back.” He doesn’t even try to think up an excuse, can’t force his brain out of the loop of
This is the first time that any of them have been inside, as they’ve only recently been given the go-ahead by a fire inspector that this place is safe (enough). The bodies that could be removed were taken away along with any hazardous debris. According to the police report though, the fire burned so hot that there was barely anything left. Mostly charred remains and ash.
Dean runs his hands over Castiel's shoulders and neck, cupping his face with blood-tacky fingers, telegraphing desperation and concern with every sweep of his thumb over Castiel’s jaw, every plasma-sticky touch of skin on skin.
He loves Cas with everything he has, and there’s something in the bone-deep surety of it, the irrevocable, open way in which it makes Dean feel free, that both pacifies and terrifies him.
Nick the absolute asswipe is going to get away with it. He’s going to pin Henriksen’s murder on poor dead Michael and the law won’t touch it. Dead agent killed by a dead gangster during some kind of showdown. Turf wars and inter-gang violence are usually solved outside the parameters of traditional methods and Nick knows this, is relying on it.
“That’s great, Benny,” Dean murmurs, distracted. Cas is a fucking tease of epic proportions and it’s only just dawning on Dean now that all of that ‘innocent’ walking-around-with-his-shirt-off shit was just the opposite.
“Dean!” This time Cas’ voice is louder, right outside the open door of their bedroom and Dean makes a pitiful noise and rolls onto his side away from the noise and reality. Cas must either think Dean’s awake or not care, which is why he’s yelling like a fucking town crier all over the house.
The upper fire trail begins with a steep climb. It’s shaded by trees, and comparatively quiet this time of year and day.
Waiting in the car, jittery with nerves and excitement, Dean can’t stop his knee from bouncing, can’t stop his thoughts from racing. “I’m pretty impressed with your sleuthing, Cas. Like, maybe you should forgo the lawyer stuff and become a private detective or some shit.”
As a result of their various sex-based shenanigans, the pair of them are pretty fucked out this morning and Dean is more than pleased to see that Cas is walking a bit more gingerly than usual.
Instinctively, he sprints out of the clearing toward the voice, branches scratching at his arms as he shoves through the trees and springy saplings. The beam of the flashlight darts everywhere as he jumps and pushes on, most likely signaling to anyone watching precisely where they are, but he can’t bring himself to care. He just needs to get to Cas.
. Dean can feel the weight of the dude’s gaze on him as he carries on towards the bar, deliberately not turning back ‘cause that’ll ruin the game.
“You two have a lot to talk about,” Dean says with a shrug that suggests equanimity, even though the hands behind his back are shaking. “Can’t have either one of you leaving.”
“Take it,” Dean prods, leaning forward further, reluctant to stand up in case someone thinks he’s trying to abduct a kid using cheap carnival junk.
See, the repercussions of stalking aren’t just the obvious shit. Like a fear of literally anyone that you come into contact with (besides those you trust absolutely, if you’re lucky enough to have that trust). Oh, no. For Dean, getting stalked included denial and self-doubt (two things he was already pretty adept at, before some fucking maniac started Glenn Close-ing him), an inability to sleep (unless with Cas; he could always sleep when in bed with Cas), anxiety, memory lapses, hypervigilance, and homicidal thoughts.
Dean’s never been this candid with a victim before, but then again, he’s never felt this immediately comfortable around another human being before. For all his outward bravado and flirtiness, Dean’s inner circle is very small, essentially restricted to the people he works with. Even those he sleeps with only get as close as Dean lets them, which is never past the superficial, surface layer.
“Eh,” Dean says, squeezing in a joke between the thick emotion. “Some alcohol and vaseline and you’ll be fine.”
At that, Benny steps away. He scratches at his bear beard. Gives a detached shrug. For someone who’s an expert in body language, he should probably be better at masking his own. “Yeah, well. If you spoke to him more than once a month, you’d know that the kid talks sense.”
Right at the point in the movie where Billy appears at Sid’s window, Cas leans in closer, the heady, warm scent of him painfully familiar and foreign all at once, his voice a low hum that has Dean’s skin goosepimpling. “Is that really why you kept it?”
“Thank you for coming at such short notice,” The local police chief — a man with a gammon-like complexion and a hairline so far back that archaeologists wouldn’t be able to find it — greets Dean and Kevin at the station in Galena. He leads the two of them through the pigpen into a small conference room that smells like sweat and dust, burnt coffee and drugstore cologne.
As Cas smacks the meat of Dean’s ass again, Dean loosely wonders if Poppy and Connie are watching. Cas has him blindfolded with a silky-something that feels like it’ll do wonders for the bags under his eyes, and he’s cuffed to a padded bench with knee and arm rests that have him splayed on all fours comfortably enough that he can take the spanking without pulling a muscle.
Meg leans back in her seat, all alpha bitch, as she considers him with snake eyes, framed by perfectly applied winged eyeliner. Jo tried that shit once, and she ended up looking like a raccoon. It’s a good memory at a bad time, and Dean digs the fingers of his hidden right hand into his thigh through his JCPenney pants, willing himself to hold off on his freakout for when he gets home, when he can deal with this alone.
Dean pushes off into a run. He bolts across the lot, past the car and the shattered glass. He’s still fifty feet from the bottom of the porch steps when he glimpses a flash of red hair.
“I don’t get it,” Dean says honestly, ‘cause he really doesn’t. “I thought you loved him? And now you want him dead? Are you
She looks at him askance. “Can’t see the wood for the trees, can you?” Ripping the bottle from his hands, she drinks the rest of it down, and tosses the empty away to her left. “For someone smart enough to get into the mechanical engineering program at Berkeley, you sure are a fucking idiot.”
He's counting down to Cas' room number as he navigates the immaculate corridor, passing a blonde with a high bun and a suitcase on wheels. She flashes him a knowing, ruby-red smile, like she thinks Dean is here for the same reason she is, which is kinda flattering, 'cause Dean was never a five-star, high-class, wine-and-dine whore. No, Dean was the get-reamed-in-the-truckstop-bathroom-for-fifty-bucks-and-a-bag-of-Funyuns whore.
They’re used to believing fairy tales though, so Dean figures he can have some fun with this shit. Jimmy shoots him a warning glare from the opposite end of the table, but it’s a glancing blow, barely a graze, so Dean opens his mouth.
“I know that look,” Dean points an accusing finger at the two of his colleagues not currently getting to second base with a Triple Mocha Frappuccino. “If I’m digging up these old memories, then you’d better be sharing all your info with the class too.”
The answer is Dean plus Cas. ‘Cause there’s no better or worse folie à deux than them. They’re off the fucking scale.
The whole car breaks out into hoots and hollers, and Dean meets Cas’ ice-blue glare in the rearview mirror. He winks with as much over-the-top sleaze as he can muster. Cas scowls in return before he turns to stare out the window, chin on his palm, the perfect picture of a sulky teenager. Except they’re in their thirties now, all grown up and responsible and shit. Which is what makes this trip more than a little suspect.
charged by ninety-three cents in a bath bomb shop, went back in to make the cashier aware of and then rectify the error — has murdered one of his colleagues. Not merely murdered, but eviscerated him in a way that makes Jack the Ripper seem tame.
There’s tension thick in the ensuing silence. It’s not awkward, just… filled with potential. For what, Dean isn’t sure, but it has him shaky with racing adrenaline, and he needs to get the hell outta here before he does something irredeemably stupid like fuck his brother-in-law. Staring at a fixed point over Castiel’s shoulder — the chunky spine of one of Jimmy’s boring-ass theology books — Dean offers,  “I, um, can put your clothes in the dryer if you want?”
“Okay,” Dean agrees, turning slowly toward the door and the hallway light. He looks down at his hands as he walks, streaked with Cas’ blood. As he jogs down the stairs, shouting out, “Coming!” to whoever is beyond the door, he gingerly lifts up his shirt, tucking the hem underneath his chin and wipes the worst of the blood off on his chest and stomach. Satisfied he’s done a passable job, he releases the shirt and lets it fall to cover the prison sentence waiting to happen.
The point is, immortal evil genie or not, Dean likes that Cas is proactive about this shit. Rather than waiting for disaster to come to him, he goes to the disaster, meets it head-on with a grit and determination that Dean can’t help but admire.
He could ask; he’s the one in Cas’ bed these days, but it’s purely platonic, and perhaps all the more sad for it.
“—I’d what? Throw myself on a supernatural grenade after murdering three people for you?” Dean interrupts, shoving away from the beam and into Cas’ personal space, annoyed that even after everything, Cas still doesn’t get it. “I wonder what it was about me that said I was anything other than
“Yeah, yeah. You’re into all that moon-hugging shit.” Then, before he can think better of it, he adds, “Hey, I wonder what hardass Hardin would think if he could see you now, giving a crap about the personhood of rivers, like the hippie I always knew you were.”
Cas shifts his weight and sighs, the way he does at PTA meetings when he’s feeling judged.  “He weighed about a hundred and sixty-five pounds. That’s far too much for breakfast.”
fix the car. But he’s not doing somebody else’s job for them, so, just to show off to his boyfriend (boyfriend!), he hotwires it.
Leaving the knife sticking up in her leg, Dean grabs her ankle and jerks her backward. She kicks and thrashes like a toddler throwing a tantrum. That is until Dean gets his hand around the knife and twists. She screams again and Dean yanks it out, stabbing her higher up, in the soft place behind her knee, wrenching another agonized sound from her.
“A bunch of rookies,” Cas replies from somewhere to Dean’s left. Over by the ex-poker tables, Dean suspects. He hears the clang of metal, the splintering of wood and Cas’ voice is slightly less even when he adds, "It’ll be good to take them under our wing for now. We’ll need some fall guys in the near future. They’ll be perfect.”
So. It’s either a scam of some kind and they’re just piss-poor criminals, or it’s a front for some kind of keys in the bowl thing.
“So, let me get this straight. Heaven and hell are essentially competing businesses that fight for market share on a product, which just so happens to be human fucking souls. Hell has decided that they’re sick of losing, so now they’re planning to corrupt souls not in accordance with the rules of free competition. If we stretch this corporation metaphor even further, then there’s got to be some kind of body that monitors them, right? An ombudsman or something?”
“Yes,” Castiel confirms, seeing the attempt at slowing things down for what it is. He’s determined not to let it work though. Dean’s dick is a searing line of hardness and heat, even through two sets of fabric, and Castiel grinds back against him shamelessly. “And I didn’t even consult Consumer Reports.”
warehouse. Y’know--” Dean jerks his chin towards the paper tucked safely in Nick’s jacket, “--the one that is legally in your name. Which means that any illegal activity…” He trails off, tilting his head at the couple of million dollars in counterfeit notes behind him, leaving Nick to fill in the blanks.
Silently willing Dean to just believe in him, in them, Castiel traces Dean’s jaw with the muzzle, edgy fear in Dean’s eyes, but there’s a ravenous gleam to them too that Castiel more than appreciates.
Getting Cas back to the hotel without them receiving the wettest display of ‘FUCK YOU’ that Mother Nature has to offer is absolutely impossible. The rain soaks them right through their clothes to the bone, like the fabric and their skin are just formalities. It would be refreshing, after the caged-in heat they’ve been experiencing all night, but Dean’s supporting the bulk of Cas’ weight, the rainwater turning lukewarm where their torsos are pressed tightly together, so instead, it’s just clammy and uncomfortable.
Sometimes, when they kiss, Dean can feel the reluctance in Jimmy, the way he draws back into himself. Dean can’t decide if it’s a God-bothering thing — y’know,
Dean exhales on a sigh, patience for this fuckery at an all-time low as Cas trails sharp nips and soothing kisses across his collarbone, pulling the neck of his shirt wider to get at more skin, the hand on Dean’s cock slowly pumping, dragging out the pleasure, rhythm easy and loose like they’ve got all the time in the world, “Just forge my fucking signature, Sam. It’s not like DHL, UPS or who-the-hell-ever is gonna know who signed.” Because he’s feeling bitchy, he adds, “Fuck, if it comes to it, just get Benny to forge my signature. He got really good at it when he pulled that stunt with the mortgage.”
When the door swings open, Charlie takes one look at the two of them and her face breaks out into a huge grin. “Good night?”
Dean hears the hollow sound of footsteps on the wooden porch. He looks up past the boots and blue jeans, and into a familiar face.
Ah, that was a good night. After they killed everyone in the building (which they managed to enter thanks to Cas and his knife’s untimely sacrifice) Dean and Cas stopped off at some greasy, fifties-aesthetic diner a couple of blocks away. The two of them sat there at 2 a.m., under the flickering neon di_e_ light, looking like a couple of horror movie escapees, eating some of the best burgers Dean’s ever tasted.
Dean sighs, lets his head drop back onto her pillow. She stares at him from her seat at her desk, like she’s the shrink and he’s the patient. Except there ain’t a psychiatrist out there with Twister bed sheets.
“We could wait for a search party, but nobody’s expecting us back for a week,” Dean continues. “Plus, I didn’t know where we were going, so anybody who might report me missing wouldn’t be able to point a search party in the right direction.”
Charlie stops on the way and grabs a couple of their duffels out of the car. The rest of their water-damaged stuff is back in the clearing and there’s not a lot of point in retrieving it (aside from their precious whiskey, ‘cause it’s never felt more important to drink their problems away), but they’re gonna need patch-up supplies and dry clothes, plus some food and water.
Taking a second to mourn the life-altering sex session that almost was, Dean snaps, “Fine. Fuck’s sake. I’ll be there in half an hour.”
“Would you look at that,” Dean murmurs thickly, heart kick-thumping in his chest, “Not so invisible after all, huh?”
The purse is unzipped. Her phone, lipstick, some kind of mint wrapper, and keys are all wedged tightly into the tiny space.
As they drive through, they spot initials and various obscenities carved into the poles, some of them pretty near the top, which may explain why one of them is at that sixty-degree angle.
a long-suffering glare. “We’re almost to the top of the hill. Just a little farther, and then we’ll find somewhere to stay for the night.”
Dean indulged his sweet tooth back when he was young and still figuring it all out for himself. Now that he’s (a little) older, it turns out he likes his men how he likes his coffee; bitter and strong (and sometimes, as a treat, with an abundance of cream.)
For fuck’s sake. It’s been months since they got back and Cas is still harping on about the damn thing, completely oblivious that Dean’s bought him one for Christmas. It’s one surprise that Dean’s determined to not let Cas ruin.
Nobody says anything for a few seconds. The only sound in the room is that of Dean slurping the remainder of his coffee noisily.
Behind him, the fire crackles, casting everything in a hellfire glow. The shadows on the support beams jump in time with the flames, flitting over the well-worn floorboards, walls and ceiling.
Normally, Dean would make a dirty joke and she knows it, leaving it wide open for him to do so, but he’s barely functional, brain skipping over and over like Milli fucking Vanilli.
Yeah, there’s no way Benny’s gonna be walking away from this with all the digits he sauntered his way into the garage in possession of.
Sometimes, he sees joggers. Rarely on their own. Especially not women. Which is unfortunately necessary, but ultimately sensible. There are a lot of predators wandering the streets.
I'm not 100% happy with this chapter, but I wanted to get something up, so I'll come back and tweak later :)
Professor Hardin (and yes, Dean had many a belly laugh at that name in college, and even now from time to time) was convinced that Cas’ inherent talent for the nitty gritty (aka boring shit) of the legal system would make him the perfect candidate to follow his oddly tiny footsteps into the field of administrative law.
It feels good. His nipple is tender and hot, his dick hard, as Cas closes the loop, and when Dean risks a glance downward, he can see that Cas is as turned on as he is.
happy to take perverse pleasure in using his puritanical father’s house as a base of gay-sexytime operations whenever he’s in the country. It mostly manifests as the two of them fucking on every surface — horizontal, vertical, and everywhere in between — then hiding like naughty teenagers in the attic when the maid comes around, probably wondering why too many of the household surfaces are a little crunchier than usual.
Dean follows Cas to the left, and on the approach, he catches sight of Mrs. C. She’s giving lip to Benny - and oh ho ho ho, that fucker is long overdue on his ticket straight downstairs - and Dean is weirdly fucking proud of her.
Balthazar takes a step toward him. Castiel stands his ground. “I just wanted to make sure that you were all right.”
The creeper’s face is nothing but streaks of red and drool, so Dean reluctantly detaches himself from the crowd and approaches Cas like he’s a wild animal, right as the creeper’s cheekbone crunches underneath his knuckles.
Ugh, that name is lame as fuck. Mercifully, Dean’s constant relocating has so far prevented the media from assigning one to him. Though, he came pretty close in Wyoming. One more body and he’s sure that something like ‘Jackson Ripper’ would’ve been on the banner of every news station across the state.
“So what’d you do?” Garth asks, Cheeto-fingered and on the edge of his seat on his and Charlie’s ratty, sunken couch.
Squinting into the gloom, Dean holds his breath, waiting for the heavy stomp of Mr. Vorhees or some Hills Have Eyes mutation.
“Funny,” Dean says, tossing the ice pack onto the counter, “Can’t believe I’m gonna have a bruise the size of fucking Texas on my jaw for our honeymoon.
It’s now the first week of finals — seventeen days since the roses — and Dean should be studying, but his brain is stuck on midnight static, just fuzzing away, nothing going in or out.
Standing there mirrored up against each other, Dean tries not to let the panic seep in around the edges of this moment, as the two of them simply exist together, breathing each other in, but it’s still there, permeating the seconds that tick by. Cas tilts Dean’s jaw, eyes flicking between Dean’s, searching his soul, peeking in the nooks and crannies, trying to find signs that Dean doesn’t wanna be here.
It’s honestly the most romantic thing anyone's ever done for him, and Dean’s eyes burn with tears, swallowing hard around the lump in his throat.
Of course, Charlie gets a picture and Dean does his best Shaggy, ‘zoinks, Scoob!’ impression, which has Benny and Charlie shaking their heads, but more importantly, it has a reluctant smile curving Cas’ mouth.
Claire’s sticking her head out of the rear window like a dog, and Castiel experiences none of his usual concern that she’ll get decapitated by a passing car or telegraph pole. No, instead, he wishes he could be doing the same.
“Just take it,” Daphne says, pressing the stake into Dean’s free hand. Then, she hurries across the basement, heels clacking. She snatches something off a workbench near the west wall. When she turns around, Dean sees that it’s a claw hammer.
, Dean’ll give him that. Like, really handsome. His dark hair is artfully tousled, his jaw sharp with a 5 o’clock (AM rather than PM, obviously, owing to the supposed vampirism) shadow, and his mouth is plush and pink. He’s built, but lithe — like he runs — and he’s a lot younger than Lugosi’d been back in the day.
Though, back then, it wasn’t so much a case of letting him leave as not having the words to make him stay. Castiel may have won competitions and be respected in his profession because he can find the legal loophole in anything, can talk circles around almost anyone, but when it comes to Dean? Dean’s always been his weakness, leaves him tongue-tied and stupid.
The opening swoon of the song kicks in, reverbing right through the huge arena. The lights begin strobing at the same time as Dean’s pretty decent (if he does say so himself) voice starts singing on the track.
“Here we go,” Benny mutters, fingers grasping the handle, leaning his weight to nudge the door open.
Dean drags a hand through his hair, “Yeah.” He takes a deep breath, swallows his embarrassment, crosses the room to shut the door, before going back to Cas’ side. “The creepy guy from across the hall was there. I accidentally ran into him. Then this photo showed up.”
“‘Nice’?” Dean repeats incredulously. He lifts his chin to look his husband in the baby blues. “Banana bread is
“Sure,” Dean nods, but Nick’s already gone, beating a hasty retreat into the clouds of floral perfume and entitlement.
about the way Cas manhandles him home; the walk back to the dorm becoming the longest and most difficult of Dean’s life. Not just metaphorically — though, yeah, that too — but mostly ‘cause Cas stops them every few feet, shoving Dean up against the sides of buildings underneath flickering street lights to suck bruises into his neck.
inherently unspoken, but still the loudest thing he’s said tonight. “The configuration is… complicated. It can’t be forced open. You can’t open it for another, and the person opening it has to have — to some degree — a dark soul. They have to be amenable to what opening the box entails.”
Cas makes a point of glancing over at Dean from time to time, as he feigns interest in whatever the headmistress is gesticulating excitedly about, and if Dean wasn’t standing with Lisa, he’d be making up the conversation in their respective voices, like the mature adult he is.
Which only leaves Garth, who pouts and drops all the stuff he’s carrying where he stands. “Come on guys, that’s not fair.”
“It’s just until we build the casino. And then you can scream it from the rooftops.” Cas adds with a sharp smile.
The fact that it’s still going on, the noise reverberating off the stone walls and echoing in the mostly empty rooms, at least means Charlie’s alive and not in any immediate danger. Unless she’s trying to keep a murderer at bay by imitating a bird of prey.
“Dean, Ca—oh,” Jody’s footsteps halt, and she’s most likely getting an eyeful right now. Not of Cas, of course; both he and the mess he made outside are (hopefully) shielded from view by Dean’s body, but Dean’s ass and back are bearing the full brunt of Jody’s laserbeam stare. “You’re busy. I’ll come back later.”
“Mm.” Cas reaches out with his free hand, dragging a thumbnail over Dean’s nipple, rolling it between thumb and forefinger. Pinches. It’s a sharp-edged fuzz of pleasure and Dean whines, his cock making a valiant effort to respond. “You should get yours done.”
He steps down from the porch, peering past where it juts out. There’s movement at the end of the hotel, rounding the far corner toward where the lawn and — if his mental map of this place is correct — the pool is.
Reaching a decision, he strides confidently over to Dean, gun in hand, and Dean would be lying if he said that he wasn’t a bit on edge about all this, but he swallows it down, smiles his flirtiest smile and hopes that he makes it out of this in one piece.
Inside, the blinds are fully open, the autumn storm outside making a ghost-train of the house. The plastic sheeting hangs from rafters to floor, slung over every surface to catch the mess Dean and Cas are about to make. It smells like it always does up here — death and blood and damp — and Jimmy visibly recoils, covering his nose with the back of his hand.
“Dean,” Benny’s saying, but Dean’s brain is busy running wild, considering all their interactions over the years from each and every angle. “Dean, it’s not me, for fuck’s sake! It’s him!”
Between one breath and the next, Castiel’s palms are on Dean’s ass, holding him open, and then he’s filling Dean in one long push, nice and slow, making sure that Dean feels every inch. Dean’s eyes flutter shut against the flare of pain, breath caught in the back of his throat as their bodies come together, pulses throbbing in sync.
The Krasis hybrid with the squeaky voice stands off to one side of an attractive, long-haired man, who is sitting straight-backed in a regal chair. The tiny dog on his lap carefully regards Dean with his one eye.
A car horn blares as they zoom past, skipping right through a red-lit intersection. Castiel frowns, trying to dredge up a reason why she shouldn’t.
At the time, he and Dean had been married less than six months, together for barely two years, and Castiel wasn't sure how a child was going to fit into their relationship. After all, they were living in their cramped, leased apartment back then, with all of their accumulated money in a savings account earmarked for their roadtrip.
Cas’ expression smooths out and then he’s gone again. Dean lolls his head to the side to follow. Nick has his back up against the pile of money, palms in the air, shaking his head, no. Cas isn’t interested, however, and seconds later there’s a final gunshot ringing out.
Though Cas would likely argue the point; blame Dean and his ass in the aforementioned pants for everything.
A string of curses — ones definitely not befitting a person of the law — come spilling out of Cas’ mouth, a sign that Cas is skirting around the edge of his orgasm, so Dean swallows again, the tight clutch of his throat convulsing, and that’s it, Cas is gone, his cock twitching and flooding Dean’s throat and mouth with the bitter warmth of his come.
— and Dean glances toward the ceiling, not asking god to give him strength, but just seeing if the old guy might be able to cut them some fucking slack here.
I'm not really sure how to warn for this but there's a bit of gore about halfway in. It's not explicit at all and I don't think it's worse than anything that goes on in canon, but the thought of it is... unpleasant? So consider yourselves sort of warned, I guess???
“Tell me I’m wrong,” Cas demands, licking over the frenulum, watching Dean through his thick eyelashes.
There’s a very small voice at the back of Dean’s head asking, ‘What if Cas was the one who killed his family and his ex?’ But he shuts that right down, because honestly, it scares him how much the thought of Cas having done that
Realizing that Dean’s barely paying attention, Nick’s expression darkens, “As soon as your love deigns to put in an appearance, you’re dead, you know that don’t you?”
“You first,” Dean retorts flippantly as he steps out onto the wooden porch. Its wobbly boards extend all the way along the rear of the inn. At both ends, stairways descend from the porch down to the ground. The whole thing is walled in by dense forest.
None of it touches Dean. Not with the way Arthur is staring at him, hope in his eyes like he’s been waiting on Dean’s response to a promposal.
Cas takes a seat next to him, his shoulder bumping against Dean’s in a way that’s so familiar and comforting, Dean can’t help but lean into it, breathing in the scent of his husband.
Just a short warning for this chapter: Lots of violence, a couple of deaths, and an attempted sexual assault.
He wants to say no. Wants to tell Benny to eat shit, that this is all his fault. But he doesn’t. He wordlessly turns around and steps backward to a waist-high boulder, leaning against it, placing the still switched-off flashlight in a convenient little divot, watching as Benny halts a few feet from him, his back to the river. Benny unscrews the cap of the water bottle he’s been carrying, takes a deep glug, then makes as if to pass it to Dean.
“That’s fine, we just want to introduce ourselves,” Benny says with a winning smile that he knows works on about 98% of all recipients. Judging by the way the doctor’s expression thaws, she’s not in the 2% immunity bracket. “If we’re gonna be hangin’ around here waitin’ for his memories to return, he should probably know our faces.”
I would say that shit’s about to get real, but I think the more accurate warning would be that shit’s about to get *surreal*.
Benny’s soft laugh ramps until he’s cracking up, and then Dean splinters into laughter too, the two of them guffawing like morons in the middle of the busy bar they’re at to celebrate catching a serial killer.
From behind him, there are measured footsteps on the hardwood and then Cas is a presence at his back, solid and warm and reassuring. As always, he smells good and Dean finds himself relaxing against his husband, loosely wondering if Cas has brought him here for a quickie, that Dean would of course be up (heh) for.
Kevin’s smile doesn’t budge. It takes Dean a moment, stricken with average intelligence as he is, to realize what’s happening here. Kevin’s trying to keep shit normal. Despite the very abnormal situation.
Is this the work of the devil? Castiel doubts that old reprobate would have anything to do with this. Is he a corporeal ghost? He doesn’t feel like one. He doesn’t feel dead or undead at all. Zombies in all the films he’s seen lack a lot of mental faculties that Castiel thankfully still seems to possess. And he’s not rotting or falling to pieces.
Cas and Dean exchange meaningful glances. “I tell you what,” Cas says, magnanimous but dangerous, all spider-to-the-fly, “We’ll let you take over some of our protection jobs in the interim between now and the casino getting finished, and in exchange, you keep quiet about your involvement with us until then.”
“Yeah,” Dean responds, as he looks at Cas, catches sight of his lashes, pointed with sweat. “You couldn’t have picked somewhere a little more sanitary to jump me?”
Dean’s heart misses its rhythm, falling somewhere between the cracks. Cas has talked about him? “Er, well. I was wondering if you knew where he might be? I haven’t heard from him in a while, and I—” This time, Dean cuts himself off. Best not to give too much of himself away.
“He is,” Cas agrees slyly. He moves away from the sill and advances on Dean, slow and easy. More graceful in death than Dean could ever hope to be in life. “But do you tell him that you love him?”
“Holy Christing fuck!” Dean exclaims, getting his hands underneath himself and trying to scrabble backward away from the dead —
“Hmm, looks like one of Castiel’s trinkets,” he says thoughtfully. “Seems as though he made a hasty exit.”
For a split second, the daft jackass believes him, expression shifting into something softer before he realizes and then his eyes shutter.
Staring down at his shirt like he’s never seen it before, Benny murmurs, “I left this back at the camp.”
All they have is a thinly-veiled confession and a load of fucking flowers and photos. No threats, no concrete evidence, nothing.
in the pit of his stomach. There’s a tense set to Cas’ jaw, and his refusal to meet Dean’s eyes is mildly concerning, ‘cause Cas and eye contact are the best pairing since Bonnie and Clyde.
He’s across the room in record time, but stops at the door to give Cas a few precious seconds to object, to ask Dean not to leave.
“Hi,” he says, pressing a forceful kiss to Dean’s mouth that feels more like a claim than a sweet gesture, and something settles hot and heavy in Dean’s gut. Cas turns back to Nameless with that carefully blank expression, the one that Dean’s beginning to learn means bad things for everyone else, but potentially good things for him. “Can I help you?”
, there wasn’t much time to socialize. So now they’re back for a long weekend of going on river cruises and looking at buildings. Which is as thrilling as it sounds, though Dean’s not even mad about how nerdy it is.
as he watched him with the kind of intensity Dean himself usually reserved for cheeseburgers and Scooby-Doo cartoons, Dean had no choice but to take offense.
“Not so good,” she answers. “My nails look more like Aztec vases than they do stormtroopers. So not a total loss, but it won’t get me the attention of the right nerdettes at Comic-Con.”
Well, that’s news to Dean. Though he’s not gonna bitch about it (right now at least) ‘cause if it gets them in the next six minutes and forty-four seconds then it could be a literal lifesaver.
Now. He’s fallen for this before and that got him Lucifer’d. He’s pretty sure the dick is dead, but Dean knows better than anybody that things that should be dead don’t always stay dead.
Luckily, it allows Dean some time to think about the situation he’s found himself in. Mostly that the vampire thing is clearly a huge turn on for Castiel, but not so much his poor, crazy, homicidal wife. If the guy is as attractive as his wife thinks he is, then it’s probably some fucked up game to him. A means of drawing people in with his good looks and then drugging and hurting them.
The demon rolls its human eyes. “Yeah. I mean, don’t get me wrong, I’m grateful for the whole Mark-of-Cain-resurrection-as-a-demon thing, but then we had a hot girl summer together and that dude is
Murder clothes in the machine with the enzymatic cleaner Jimmy uses for when he gets the blood of Christ on his church slacks, Dean returns to the attic dressed in nothing but black sweats, carrying some trash bags in one hand and a roll of kitchen towel in the other. He has no idea of what he’s gonna find — how gruesome the crime scene is gonna be — but he’s in this for better or worse, so on a deep, fortifying breath, he opens the door and steps inside.
“Oh, but where’s your sense of adventure, Dean?” Cas mocks, pleased with himself. In lieu of an actual answer, Dean gives him the finger.
They’re in an upscale hotel in Palo Alto this time — Dean ostensibly on a week-long visit to see Sam while Old Man Novak breathes his hateful, bitter last, but four days in, Dean has yet to leave Cas — when he fucking
“Yeah, no, I’ll be fine,” Dean shoots Castiel his flirtiest grin, “‘Cause it just so happens that I’m not entirely human either.”
“Yeah,” Charlie says, pouring out some whiskey into glasses on the coffee table. “He’s running late ‘cause of some shit with a class he’s TAing for. Something to do with the exams.”
. The other one is half-assedly scanning high and low like a teenager looking through his disorganized bedroom, and these two gorillas couldn’t find a gun if they were at the end of one.
, really. Frantic and needy, Cas scrabbles for purchase, yanking on Dean’s hair with one hand, digging blunt fingernails into Dean’s shoulder with the other. “Dean,
Dean fights to stay still. Every muscle in his body is pulled taut, every sensation he’s experiencing amplified right to his limit. He nearly bites through his lower lip in an effort to keep quiet as Cas spears him on two fingers, pushing deep, seeking out the sore bundle of nerves tucked up inside.
Decision made, Dean steers them over to and around the desk. Together, they manage to get Cas comfortably(ish) bearing his weight against it, before Dean scampers back to the dining room for fresh clothes and something to clean Cas’ wounds.
On the upside, there’s a high likelihood that they’ll all be dead by the end of the week, so there’s that.
Could be fun, but would almost certainly end messy. Plus, Dean’s just been itching for an excuse to get back at Ms. Hayes for all her shitty behavior the last couple of years.
Entire civilizations have risen and fallen in the time it takes Cas to respond. “You’re leaving me?”
He doesn’t wanna think of what Cas is doing to that man’s body, what his regeneration is gonna entail. The logistics of it all aren’t of interest to Dean. He just wants Cas back. Whatever it takes.
"We just got a call from the hospital,” he says, sounding winded on the fifteen feet walk from his office to here. “A man staggered into the ER about an hour ago, soaked in blood and with stab wounds to his chest and forearms. He’s in surgery now, but they think he’s going to pull through.”
“You should answer that,” Cas says, taking the roll from Dean, smearing it with scarlet. “It doesn’t sound like they’re going away.”
Their visit to the Firefly family over with, Charlie hugs them both goodbye. She whispers something to Cas that Dean doesn’t hear, and when she hugs Dean, she whispers to him, “He’s so in love with you. Stop being an idiot.”
Castiel nods, observing Giblet slink not-so-subtly over to Charlie like the little food-mercenary she is, “Watch her though, she’s wily, she’ll have all of it if you’re not careful.”
Sure, Cas ain’t an angel, but Dean’s never quite grasped why the two of them hate each other so much. All he knows is that it’s something to do with their parents, a lighter, and religion. Like all good American family fallouts.
, he shouldn’t be surprised, but the shock of it still feels like he’s been clobbered with a two-by-four.
Breaths mingling, Cas’ lower lip catches against Dean’s as he whispers, “Remember what I said. Be careful. It didn’t take much for him to attack me, so be on your guard.”
According to Cas, Ketch goes on a run up in the fire trails every morning. He leaves his apartment (apparently he also decided not to stay in the dorms for his junior year) at around seven and runs for an hour, then returns for a shower and a change of clothes in time for his early-morning lectures.
Jimmy’s out of town on a domestic missionary-trip-slash-retreat thing, so they’ve got breathing space to really make something out of their time together, instead of it being a fuck and run. Which, while illicit and fun (‘cause holy shit, it
Dean’s fist is still tight in Cas’ shirt, the one Dean gave him, the one he wore here, knowing how it would fuck with Dean’s head, the bastard. And yeah, Dean might know how to piss Cas off, but Cas is the Michelangelo of emotional warfare.
Taking a deep breath, Dean scrolls until he finds Cas’ number and hits the dial button. He listens to it ring. Just when he thinks it’s about to go to voicemail, the line clicks and he hears Cas’ slightly breathless, deep rumble. “Dean?”
Dean’s fresh outta the shower and in a rush to get ready for work when Jimmy catches him half-naked in the hallway, zeroing in on the glint of the unfamiliar jewelry through his nipple.
On his knees, fingers clumsy and adrenaline pumping, Dean yanks Cas’ jeans and boxer-briefs down around his thighs and sucks him down to the back of his throat. Cas growls out a string of obscenities, fucks into the willing wetness of Dean's mouth a handful of times before he's coming helplessly, a loud sob torn from his throat.
“You’re not wrong,” Dean admits, a fine tremor in his bones. “It’s like shark diving with a paper cut or taking a honey bath before you go for a hike in the woods.”
Cas’ eyes are liquid-dark and fathomless when he shuts the lighter with a metallic clink. He waits a beat or two, watching Dean’s hand move in small circles with an intensity that would knock any sane person on their ass.
“Nah,” Dean bluffs. He might not be intimately acquainted with the particulars of this lifestyle, but he used to be a sex worker for fuck’s sake (pun absolutely intended). He doubts there’s anything sex-and-kink-related that would shock him anymore.
made you money. Which is the only reason you’ve left me to my own devices, so let’s not pretend that it’s out of some noble sense of who my father was and what you did to him.”
Maybe a little too much, ‘cause as he’s collecting up the multi-tool, wiping his prints off of the lantern, and disposing of the murder weapon in the lake, he starts calmly practicing what the hell he’s gonna tell the others when he gets back.
They look as miserable as Dean feels, and if they survive this, Dean’s making sure that Garth never picks where they go again.
The ones Cas tore off him fifteen minutes ago are a wet splat on the linoleum floor, and the ones Jimmy had on are upstairs, twisted around what’s left of his corpse.
Riding the high of invincibility and feeling mean as hell, Dean drops down onto his haunches and reaches toward Ketch. He hooks a forefinger into the waistband of Ketch’s shorts, draws it back like a sling-shot and lets go. The elastic snaps.
“No?” Dean turns around in Cas’ arms to face him, the mattress wobbling as he maneuvers himself with all the grace of a landed fish. He pouts, sticking out his bottom lip. “So you don’t think my best asset is my sense of humor?”
Sorry for my slow reply, I was just trying to get cover for my store tomorrow morning. All sorted. I’ll see you there tomorrow at 10 :).
“Never mind us,” Dean retorts, looking past their little camp for any signs of Cas, before turning his attention back to Benny. “Where the fuck have
Dean adores being the center of Cas’ attention again, the two of them hyper-focused and hyper-fixated on one another. It’s pretty amazing to just fall into it without any of the guilt or pressure from their friends.
Charlie reaches across the table and covers Dean’s hand with her own, all high-school counselor subsisting on minimum wage and alcoholism. “I hate to break it to you, Dean, but it seems like
“I dunno,” Dean answers honestly. He’s considering putting in a claim for compensation for the whiplash this conversation is giving him. “Just found it on the floor.” He reluctantly hands it off to Jimmy who inspects it.
“Am I?” Dean asks, feeling dangerous. He backs away from Bartholomew, towards the door and the knife.
“Okay,” Cas agrees, eyes lingering on Dean’s face as if he’s searching for a crack in the facade. Finding none, he a-little-too-nonchalantly asks, “Did it take Jimmy long to open the configuration?”
Cas must have super-hearing though, ‘cause he grabs the corner of the comforter and drags it off of Dean’s body, leaving Dean flailing to grab it before it disappears entirely. “You might be right.”
That was so fucking stupid. For more reasons than the immediately obvious. Also, now that he thinks about it, he could literally be on his knees in a million dead things.
Thankfully, it doesn’t take him long to find the former. Balthazar is standing sentry outside of Cas’ office, like the man inside is the president and Dean is Lee Harvey Oswald.
Pinhead’s laugh drowns him out. “You think religion can save you?” He spreads his arms out wide, a blasphemous parody of Jesus on the cross. “I... am the way.” The living room light bulbs sizzle with unnatural brightness before dimming again. Thunder rolls in the distance. “We’re more real than your god ever will be.”
“Y’sure about this, Cas?” ‘Cause Dean both absolutely is and really shouldn’t be. His husband is technically a zombie, yet here he is, with a gorgeous blood(black goo)-rich erection, and the kind of desperation — hunger, really — that Dean hasn’t seen him express for years. It’s fucked up, and
,” sounds like it’s torn from the depths of Castiel’s soul, dragged up through his entire being. It has Dean shivering around the cock in his ass, leaves him slack-jawed and awed, his whole body flushing with the knowledge that he’s going to wear the goddamn tie that’s bruising his wrists right now, going to sit next to his soon-to-be husband at the head table on an ass that his twin brother spanked, licked, and fucked.
Across the table, Gabriel grins, delighted and with the unnatural blue of E-numbered alcohol staining his mouth. “Holy shit, Castiel!” he exclaims in the lull between songs.
The two women drag their eyes up Dean’s bare chest, over the criss-cross of leather, to his face, and gawk.
Dean never figured his love for that terrible Wahlberg movie would be used this effectively against him.
He turns his head, scrape of rough concrete against his jaw and cheek, “Just do it, you asshole. I’d rather die than let you fucking touch me.”
And if his guilt about Jo mingles with his need for Cas’ attention and punishment sometimes, then that’s nobody’s business but his own.
The last, faint light from the windows barely cuts through the gloom of the dining room. The five of them sit in a circle, like every teen horror flick where the kids tell each other spooky tales right before the antagonist shows up. Their towels and sleeping bags are laid out — the only thing between them and a million creepy crawly things. The fireplace is lit and they’ve got a couple of those newfangled camping lights set up all around them, providing just enough light to cast their faces in stark relief.
The sun is just peeking over the horizon as they stagger their way through reception onto the porch, rising on a new day. It fills the sky with shades of orange and pink, and Castiel with hope for his and Dean’s future together.
So, a little later, when Jo leans in to give Dean a goodbye kiss — a good inch or so to the left of his mouth — he deliberately turns to watch Cas’ reaction.
Dean’s barely started wrapping Cas’ left arm in the rolls of bandages he had to run out to the store to purchase, when the doorbell rings.
“Castiel,” Rich Uncle Moneybags says, “Do not think just because we allowed you your own operation in our country due to your heritage, that we can’t shut you down if we so choose.”
So, admittedly, Dean and Cas might have spent the entirety of Christmas break wrapped up in each other. Sammy hates Christmas, and so Dean doesn’t feel guilty about not having gone home. He called, and that’s what matters, right? That he at least spared them a thought between his Cas-colored ones? John was less than pleased, but Dean’s taking a leaf outta Cas’ book and not giving a damn what his family thinks, ‘cause Cas is his found family and he’s what matters.
“And you believe him?” Dean raises an eyebrow. “Have you ever followed him during one of his nightly prowls?”
In the next second, Dean catches the slick sound of skin on skin, of Castiel swearing under his breath as he jerks himself off. Dean wishes he could turn over and watch, ‘cause he bets Castiel is magnificent right now, firm muscles bunching and coiling with every pass over his thick cock, a gorgeous sweat-sheen to his skin, a possessive and triumphant expression on his handsome face.
“Yeah!” Dean agrees a little too enthusiastically, earning them a couple of glares, but Cas’ smile is all for him, so they can go fuck themselves, frankly. “Like, what’s the point of spending all that time writing a book if only five people can understand it?”
He’s metaphorically and literally cooling off in the walk-in fridge, when the door groans open and in strolls fuckface.
“Cas!” he calls out, hitting the top of the spiral staircase, darting across the short landing. The attic door is shut and he tries to turn the knob, but it burns white-hot in his bloodied palm. Undeterred, he pounds on the door. “Cas!”
One hundred percent no pulse. Not even ‘oh, I made a mistake for plot purposes’ lack of pulse, but an actual
walking close enough together that the edge of Cas' pinky catches Dean's as they navigate through the crowd. It’s so easy like this with Cas; they just seem to slot together — jagged edges and all — so that, rather than rubbing each other up the wrong way, they connect with the kind of effortless satisfaction that most people spend their lives searching for.
Dean barely refrains from letting out a primal scream right there in the damn lecture hall, with students filing in for their class on Structural Aspects of Biomaterials. He’d been looking forward to this class, but instead, he spends the whole hour and a half taking absolutely nothing in, just staring down at the photo, his fingertips stick-tacky against the print.
Unfortunately, they have a meeting to attend before they can go home and Cas can try his hand at making Dean regret it, (and Dean can pretend that he does for the five minutes required, before he’s back to smart-mouthing Cas again).
They stagger home together, Cas barely upright and mumbling nonsense. Dean only catches snippets as he steers Cas along the darkened streets with weak spots of light. “...not leaving. t’let you.”
“It’s okay,” Dean manages around the lump in his throat. He swallows it down, along with the tattered remains of his stinging pride. “I’m just gonna go. I’ll catch you later, alright?”
What Dean needs is a moment to process, ‘cause his brain is stuttering over the logistics like a dying engine. He’s not up-to-date on the metaphysics of raising the dead, but he thinks what Cas is saying makes sense. Which may be the forty-ninth sign of madness, though at this point, Dean’s simply sinking into the insanity like quicksand, regardless of the surrounding warning signage. “Am I gonna have to skin someone? That what you’re saying?”
Most folks hate the dark, but Dean finds comfort in it. He deliberately stares into the dark spaces along his route home, wondering what might lurk in the recessed entryways and narrow gaps between the buildings that don’t quite touch.
In the face of Cas’ danger-tinged silence, Dean carries on, “By a ‘quick wipedown’, do you mean like when I ask the kids to do the dishes and I’m still finding bits of sauce and pasta clinging for dear life the day after? Like they’ve just beamed cleansing thoughts in the general direction of the plates and called it a fucking day? Because that car of yours was still so filthy last night that I could’ve mailed all the pieces of the poor bastard’s skull to the Shakespeare company for their latest reenactment of Hamlet!”
Cas quiets Dean with a bite to his bottom lip, one that tears a moan from his throat and has more blood pumping sluggishly from the split, coppery and slick.
A few minutes before their agreed meet-up time, in walks Dean, and Castiel’s heart just about stops. He’s far more attractive in person than his photos give him credit for - a feat Castiel hadn’t thought possible. He’s tall and broad-shouldered with light brown hair and goldspun lashes. His smile is wide and bright when he spots Castiel, and there are crinkles at the edges of his green eyes. And freckles! The pictures didn’t show the freckles.
. He turns his head to the side, staring at his husband’s profile. His sharp jaw, his plush lips, his straight nose.
“Mmm,” Castiel agrees, draining the rest of his beer. “I’ve been wanting one ever since an hour ago.”
Dean shakes his head. Reaching into his jacket, he pulls out his .45. It’s a big, heavy Colt 1911. Probably a little out of style, but Dean loves it. It was his mom’s. He jacks a round into the chamber.
Jimmy ignores him, his fingers speeding over the smooth faces, looking for some way in, testing its strength.
“Yeah, but he’s never been that good at seeing things through.” Dean spits out a mouthful of blood onto the hardwood floor, then immediately feels guilty when he notices Mrs. C’s unimpressed glare.
“Alright,” Charlie smoothly intervenes. “What’s your advice then? What would the great Dean Winchester do, huh?”
The entire place is silent, save for the sound of calm footsteps on tile, receding until Dean can’t hear them anymore. The bathroom door swings open, a sliver of noise from the corridor jostling in before it bumps shut, sealing him in the darkness and muffled silence again.
Dean tries again - because insanity is doing the same thing over and over again until your fuckwit ex-husband is dead - bringing the crowbar down on Benny over and over again until he’s on the floor, and Dean’s just going to town on any body part he can. The red mist has truly descended and he has never wanted to kill someone more than he wants to kill Benny.
Cas pulls a long drag down into his lungs, breathes it in, and then out on a thick gray curl of smoke. They both watch it twist upwards, thinning out as it rises toward the ceiling.
“I’m surprised to see you drinking alone,” the man continues. “Someone like you. Woulda thought they’d be lining up ‘round the block.”
It’s not him she’s looking at this time; it’s the purple and black dog with the ugly face. He holds the thing out to her. “You want?” he asks, loud enough to be heard.
Cas has always been the wet-dream kind of beautiful, but right now, there’s something about the splay of his dark hair, the gleam in his heavy-lidded eyes, that has Dean unable to look away.
“Nah.” Dean waves him off, like his heart rate hasn’t already ratcheted up, like his palms aren't already clammy. “It’s cool.”
Cas doesn’t say anything for so long that Dean thinks he’s fallen asleep. He gets startled by the low rumble of Cas’ voice when he finally speaks. “Do you want to come over here?”
“Get off me, Cas,” Dean shifts underneath him, insistent now that the regret is filtering in through the haze of hormones and want.
Dean puts his cell back to his ear and catches the end of Charlie’s muffled “—m worried about them, we never see them anymore—”
He lets Jo pull him off the floor, deliberately making it more difficult than it needs to be in order to punish her for being sensible. But eventually, he’s up and sitting on the edge of the bed.
Dean holds out his hands, palm up, “No, no, it’s fine. You’re enjoying yourselves. Stay.” He makes a swift exit before anyone can say anything else, calling out his goodnights as he goes.
He stops and gapes; a reaction Dean wishes he could see more often on his husband, until he realizes with a cold rush of panic that it’s actually more to do with Jimmy’s shock at the nipple ring than lust for Dean’s wet body.
Dean's not sure whether to be more offended that Top Gun has essentially boiled them all down to character tropes or that Dean's not in the running for the title of 'brawn'.
Meg straightens up instantly, caught out, and then she’s slinking over to Cas. She pats him on the chest, her purple claws snagging on the soft fabric of Cas’ shirt. “Just telling him how things are, Clarence. Nothing to worry about.”
Dean refrains from voicing that opinion aloud. Instead, he says, “You should probably go to the emergency room.”
Dean’s about to go over there, scoop up his boyfriend’s arm and be the best, proudest partner he can be, be the man Cas deserves, when somebody moves away, and Dean sees Meg still standing next to Cas. Her beautiful forest-green ball gown is elegant and expensive, matched perfectly with her tennis-at-the-country-club jewelry, and it has something dark and ugly roiling Dean’s stomach. They look perfect together. Even the way she’s holding a champagne flute in her bird-bone hand speaks to how well she fits in. Tilting her head back on a gracious laugh at something the old guy with the salt-and-pepper hair is saying to the two of them.
Time is undefeated so far. Life is death. But there are things you can live for and there are things you can die for.
Garth doesn’t seem to be doing great either. His short hair, already a dark brown, is almost black around his ears and neck, where it clings to his skin in wet points and curls. His t-shirt is soaked with sweat.
Dr. Byrd’s stern expression remains in place despite Dean and Benny’s open and casual demeanors. “He’s stable after his surgery. He’s lucky, he was stabbed multiple times and suffered some lacerations deep enough to leave scars as well, but no organs were penetrated. He did lose a lot of blood and as a result of that ischemia, he’s experiencing transient global amnesia — a form of short-term memory loss.”
“Uh-huh,” Dean confirms before Cas can get a word in, enjoying this far too much, “He got down on one knee and everything, ain’t he a peach?” On a small adrenaline rush as his words hang in the air, really hamming it up, Dean adds, “He told me that I’m the only one for him. That no matter how many people he flirts with--” He leans in to Ms. Hayes and her powdery perfume like he’s sharing a secret, “-- and it’s a
“I don’t know,” Cas answers, his mouth dipped in confusion as he stares down at the photos in their hands. “It’s not possible.”
She squares up to him, and yeah, Dean can’t stand the bitch, but he’s gotta admit that she’s got balls. “—or you’ll what? Glare at me some more? Cling onto our boy in there even tighter? Let’s stop pretending that this is going to last, that you’re even close to being good enough for him, and start some self-actualization right now. I’ve known Clarence for a long time. We go way, way back. I know everything about him. The skeletons in his rather deep closet. You? You’ve known him a fraction of the time, so don’t be getting all bitchy with me, because if it was a choice? I’d win every single time.”
is)… Dean’s beginning to wish that things were different, that he was here picking up his actual boyfriend, rather than meeting his brother-in-law-with-benefits.
She sweeps her brown hair over her shoulder, then dips her fingers under the collar of her blouse and pulls it aside. Her top button pops open. The side of her neck has a pair of wounds exactly where you’d expect to find them in a Dracula movie. Healed though. Scar tissue that looks like small, pink craters.
According to Dean’s memorization of the color-coded exam timetable pinned above Cas’ desk, his roommate-slash-self-appointed-bodyguard should be back by now.
(The answer is literally always no. Well, unless that beer is made of liquid gold, then Dean’s open to negotiations.)
He must settle firmly back into blissful unconsciousness at some point though, because the next thing he knows, the bedroom door is getting flung open so hard that it damn near digs a chunk of plaster outta the wall, and really, Cas should be more careful if he wants to get his safety deposit back.
“Get on your knees and worship me,” Castiel demands, power trickling to the fingertips of his vessel, the dingy warehouse getting brighter as it fills with grace and the sooty presence of his wings.
This whole place was very obviously a luxury venue before it was left to fall into ruin. And it really has fallen. Like, head first.
It’s then that Castiel catches an overpowering, unpleasant scent — something by Abercrombie, no doubt — layering over the bar smell of sweat and booze.
Dean tosses his belt off the edge of the canvas, watching as it folds to the floor outside the ring. He glances up and right in the center of this section of the crowd is a busty redhead with a fluorescent sign that reads, ‘YOU MAKE MY KNEES WEAK, DEAN WINCHESTER’, so Dean draws a heart in the air and blows her a kiss.
Damn near every instinct in his body is telling him to run, to get the fuck outta here, but something else is keeping him rooted to the spot. He keeps on staring into the murk, wanting it to make sense, and it’s then that Dean sees… something. Too real to be a shadow, but something not real enough to exist. Crouched in the corner, squatting and unable to lift itself into a standing position.
“The fate department usually intervenes, but currently there are only the eight demons on earth - Mephistopheles and the seven deadly sins, which is technically permitted through a very obscure loophole. And with the vast majority of demons still in Hell, there’s not much the fates can do.”
He never does. He’s well and truly gone, and tears burn hot at the back of Dean’s eyes, frustration, resentment, and fear threatening to brim over, the victorious flare in his chest double-edged. He blinks the tears away, swiping angrily at the couple that escape with the back of his hand.
Dean whines when Cas touches him, wound so tight that he’s tempted to offer up his own skin for Cas to climb into, probably would if Cas hadn’t already been residing under it for the past couple of years.
“Sit on the counter,” Cas orders, slipping the bloodied shirt down his arms. Luckily, it seems to have caught the worst of his breakfast mess, and if this is gonna be a regular thing (holy fuck, Dean hopes not), they’ll have to get Cas a bib.
(Dean’s pretty sure they’re talking about porno threesomes, not screwing the wrong [right] twin on their wedding day.)
Dean’s pretty sure there’s ice in his veins replacing the blood, ‘cause every inch of him goes corpse-cold.
“Elaborate,” Charlie demands, slapping the polaroids down on the nearest kitchen surface before folding her arms across her Elvira shirt.
Benny laughs, which sets Dean off too. Dude’s got a really infectious laugh. And it’s pretty cathartic to laugh about something so dumb after the stress of the last month.
got right, the relevant one for Dean is that the bad twin is rarely actually bad. And so, in this instance, he’s willing to assume that the look Castiel drags up and down Dean’s body like a sexual harassment charge, is nothing more than piqued interest.
However, it couldn’t be unseen, and so started Dean’s weird mission/calling. By day he loves making cupcakes and people come from all over state to try his delicious vegan red velvet. By night, he’s a fighter of supernatural evil. He’s in the phone book and everything.
The more important question is probably why Jimmy is doing this now, when Dean needs all his resolve not to give in to Cas. Sure, stealing Jimmy’s skin is the perfect solution; aside from the body mods, he and his twin are identical, but… Jesus H. Christ, there’s a difference between killing randoms who could reasonably be said to have it coming (mostly), and murdering the dude you’ve been married to for the last couple of years.
Hot tears burn at the back of Dean’s eyes, threatening to spill over, and he hates it. Hates the way it makes him feel weak and out of control. Cas taught him better than that; you make your own damn destiny, you figure shit out yourself, you forge your own path. You don’t let anyone or anything beat you, just ‘cause they think they’ve got the upper hand. It ain’t over until it’s over.
Cas’ eyes are pitch black and dangerous in the low light and he leans in close, watching Dean’s face for every single micro-expression. It’s hot as hell, and Dean’s dick blurts out another drop of precome, which Cas thumbs through, smearing it down the length and back up again, the sure, firm strokes of his hand bringing Dean dangerously close to the brink already, making him frantic and needy in the way only Cas can.
It takes them a couple of long-winded attempts, picking their way slowly over the forest floor with the flashlight beam, but eventually, they find the place. They know that they’ve found it, ‘cause Benny’s shirt is snagged on a low-hanging tree branch, covered in spatters of blood.
? Of what? Everyone else I had to feed on because she wouldn’t let me take blood from her? What did she want from me? To starve? Drink animal blood? What?”
“Oh, come on,” the guy wheedles, leaning against the bar in an effort to put himself in Dean’s line of sight. He tosses his suit jacket over his shoulder, holding it by one finger, all cheap catalogue model. “You’re not even gonna let me buy you a drink?”
Dean reaches out with his right hand, leaving the left on the back of his head, checks to make sure it’s okay with Nick - it is - acting as if to go for the waistband of his boxers, but at the last moment, he makes a fist and punches Nick as hard in the balls as he can at such close range.
After that, Dean’s dreams are filled with Cas. They mostly talk about inane, every-day shit; about Sam and Eileen, about Miracle chewing up Sam’s shoes, and for the first time since Cas rescued him from hell, Dean doesn’t dread falling asleep.
Nobody’s answering the door, no semi-naked Meg or Cas, so on a quiet sigh — and without saying anything to the creepy weirdo — Dean shoulders inside.
He’ll talk to Cas about it over the summer. When there’s no distractions and it’s just the two of them again.
“Thanks, Charlie. We’ll call back when you’ve done your mani-pedi,” Dean says evenly and then ends the call.
“What’s it like being married to my brother?” Cas asks, after a long moment of fingerpainting the mix of his and Bartholomew’s blood on Dean’s skin. Dean can feel it drying in the baby’s breath of his vellus hair, tiny little pinches and pulls on his abdomen and chest where he’s otherwise bare.
Inside, there really are stacks of rare restoration parts (as opposed to a bomb or tigers or some kind of torture device like Dean had been suspecting). Some are wrapped in cellophane, others are in labeled boxes.
“Wow, gay much?” Charlie grins at Dean over her fruity cocktail. It’s a galling accusation coming from someone wearing a ‘no meat for me, I’m a vagitarian’ shirt.
Sam’s all hand-wringy on the edge of the forecourt as they pull up and exit the Impala. There is indeed a huge hauler truck complete with bored driver leaning out of the cab, so at least Sam’s not having a particularly lucid hallucination like that time he accidentally purchased magic mushrooms at a new agey farmer’s market.
Dean loves him with his whole heart. Cas loves Dean with maybe a third of his. Dean thought they were in this together, but it was just words whispered in the dark, and not meant in the light.
Interesting that Good Christian Jimmy had no qualms about his potential to turn into a monster after gazing into the abyss. Either because he just believes
Castiel lifts one shoulder in a shrug. In all honesty, Dean’s surpassing his expectations. He’d hoped Dean would kill Benny, obviously – orchestrated it that way – but he thought that once the rage had cooled, there’d be remorse.
The whirring noise gets muffled as the bone saw makes light work of cutting through the dean’s chest cavity and the organs housed within.
Except that’s a little difficult to do when you end up meeting the loathe of your life on TV and in a roasting hot professional kitchen.
He’s just in that blissful place between sleep and wakefulness, when Cas murmurs, “I won’t let anything happen to you, Dean. I promise.”
“I refer you to my previous answer,” Castiel replies, his voice strained and a little slurred around the edges. There’s just a
Of course, Dean had mostly discounted the notion of things getting worse, because, well, how could they?
Cas makes a low sound of pain, his eyes fighting to stay open, lashes fluttering. He blinks sluggishly as the rain hits him.
It’s an obvious mockery of Cas’ promise all those years ago, but he meant it then, and despite everything, Dean suspects he means it now.
They kiss again and again, swapping spit back and forth as their hips roll and their hands explore naked skin, leather, and latex. Anywhere else, this kind of dancing would be positively indecent, but here, Cas and Dean are just one couple in a sea of other couples, throuples and polycules.
Cas smiles fondly, the edges of his glance soft. “I’d heard that story at least five times before. And probably another five times after.”
Inside, the inn seems darker than before. And hotter. There’s the sweet scent of decaying wood that Dean hadn’t noticed before; probably too overloaded on all his other senses.
Cas groans, burrows deeper under the covers. Until Dean rips them off. Just like Cas has grown fond of doing to him. Revenge is a dish best served cold and all that. “Rise and shine, Mr. Lawyer!”
Gold Chandelier laughs, a deep rich sound, “It’s good to see that although the years have gone, your sense of humor hasn’t, Castiel. You’ve always been sharp as a tack.”
Not in so many words, but the way Jimmy speaks of him doesn’t denote a close brotherly bond. Dean knows of Castiel’s exploits through snatched hushes and campfire tales told here and there: how he used to be a man of faith, like his twin — volunteering at soup kitchens, helping little old ladies across the street, doing everything right — until he decided that burying himself in men, women, and decadence was far more fun.
It’s empowering, knowing that very soon, Arthur Ketch will be no more — relegated to a smear on the great California scenery.
The man laughs, a low rich sound. “That’s not quite how it works. But you already knew that, didn’t you Dean?”
So he munches on his corn dog and trudges after Benny, his cute but boring babysitter, as he points out random facts about the growth of stuff that Dean will never ever remember.
tonight, possessive and commanding with a little extra spice. Dean’s naked ass is a modern art piece of red-hot handprints from all the spankings he earned before Cas graduated to a round-ended wooden paddle.
During the dates above, the general contractor, Diamond Ridge Construction, will drain this lake, divert the flow of the river, clean and excavate the foundation area, and repair rocks and sediments that will act as the foundation.
"We could put him under the lavender," Cas muses aloud, squatting down next to some of Balthazar’s jellied insides.
“Eh,” Dean says. “It’s a reminder of the time that somebody liked me enough to go to the trouble of following my every move.” It’s not entirely a lie, though being so flippant about it now is both a coping mechanism and a pretty transparent attempt to goad Cas that little bit more.
. It’s what everyone knows. I’m not saying there ain’t whackjobs out there who think they’re vampires and act like they are. But they don’t exist. Your husband is not a vampire, even if he’s convinced you that he is.”
Finally locating the ability to think beyond his own damage and dick (unsurprisingly, the two often go hand-in-hand,
The coffee shop is empty save for the two of them. Outside it’s quiet too. The lull before everyone descends on the local bars to get drunk and rub up on each other. A couple wanders past the shop, arm in arm, breath fogging up the night air in front of them.
Dean doesn’t even need to think about this one. “Space. That kill with the liquid nitrogen was awesome.”
It’s from the same day as the Botanical Garden a week and a half ago, taken a little earlier, when Benny was paying for Dean’s corn dog.
“What about the river?” Charlie suggests, dragging Dean’s focus back to her. “We can follow it down the mountain, that’s what you said, right?” At Dean’s barely perceptible nod, she continues, “So, how about two of us go? It makes an ambush less likely to succeed if those who go for help double up and stick together. The other two stay with Cas and the poker.”
“Oh yeah?” Dean squirms at the tone in Cas’ voice, pushing his face into the curve of Cas’ neck. “Why don’t you enlighten me, Cas?”
As the months and years slip by, Dean and Cas’ meet-ups get less sex-focused, and they start to do things together that don’t explicitly involve their genitals (usually saving it for
Dean feels like he’s got one foot in a second-rate teen comedy and the other in a lame-ass horror movie.
Dean groans his frustration, wanting more, and Cas chases the noise with his tongue, licking his way into Dean’s mouth, kissing him deeply. He's warm and soft and Dean can feel his own stomach tense, arousal pooling low in his abdomen. Jesus fuck, they’ve not made out like this in years and it’s turning Dean’s crank like nothing else.
Cas doesn’t give Dean an opportunity to respond — as though he’s scared of the answer — before he stretches his arm into a passage of light from the slats of blind. The flesh glistens and pulses, muscle knitting itself back together over bone. “It’s working. It’s making me whole again.” He turns his arm this way and that, seemingly for Dean’s inspection and appreciation. “Every drop of blood you spill puts more flesh on my bones.”
Cas appears unmoved by this information. “She did mention a ‘hot date’ she had after the party last night.”
A beat, then two. Cas’ eyes flutter open, his lashes a dark smudge against pale skin that’s getting brighter with every passing second. “Hello, Dean.”
It’s really starting to grind him down, and during midterms and Cas’ LSAT, Dean has to fight not to ask Cas whether he wants Dean to come meet him right after. Instead, he says he’s going to Jo’s place, and good luck, he’ll be thinking of Cas.
Cas is in his own single bed, but he’s not the only person in it. There’s a brunette girl, who is being particularly space-conscious by lying on top of Cas. The pair of them are shirtless, and although Dean’s watched a lot of porn that starts this way, this scene is doing nothing for him.
As he opens the attic room door, he immediately senses that something isn’t quite right. He flicks on the light and the bare bulb flickers to life. Normally, Dean finds solace in the darkness beyond the bulb’s scope, but tonight it has him on edge.
“Yeah,” he agrees feebly, his anger ebbing away and getting replaced with the dull throb of pain. “I know.” He looks over his shoulder at Benny, who’s watching him, unnerved and uneasy. “You said that we need to not freak out, but what you’ve told us so far isn’t exactly freakout-worthy.” He ignores Charlie’s archly murmured, ‘tell that to your hand,’ in favor of instructing Benny to continue.
Is this really what Cas wants? He killed for Dean, he loves Dean, but that doesn’t necessarily mean that he wants to shove himself underneath Dean’s bones like Dean does him. Doesn’t necessarily mean that Cas uses all of his brain space on memorizing every inch of Dean’s skin. Doesn’t necessarily mean that he revels in the way Dean’s lungs expand and press at his chest when they’re so close together that they might as well be in one body.
Cas is hooked through in at least a dozen places; Jimmy’s flesh, Cas’ body. Suspended far above the boards, fresh wounds gouge him, tearing him open in his shoulders, his ribs, his buttocks, his calves. He’s nothing but blood and pain, in the throes of excruciating torment.
“I have a plan,” Dean tells him, palms up in a placating manner as Cas paces in front of the window. For now, Jimmy’s scurried off to church or Amelia’s after Dean’s insistence that Cas would never come near the house knowing that his brother was there; the Cenobites have fucked off to their shadow realm or whatever thanks to Dean’s promise; and if Dean and Cas were smart, they’d tuck tail and run too, just try to figure this shit out as they went.
“Maybe we should move?” he suggests, tossing the box into the trash without opening it. It feels like his body is trying to hyperventilate without the necessary oxygen; he’s light-headed and kind of floaty. Like he’s transcended panic and is now just in a weird state of acceptance.
There are low, relieved murmurs around the table, as if they were worried Dean was gonna turn out to be a dreaded astrologer or something equally un-Christian. Next to firefighters and cops, mechanic is about as red-blooded male as it gets. Dean figures the fact that he isn’t a dancer or a flight attendant or something perceived to be equally — and outwardly — queer makes it more palatable that he and Jimmy are getting freaky between the sheets every night. (Even though, of course, they’re not.)
. “That your official legal advice? ‘Cause if so, you’re probably not gonna make it as a criminal lawyer.”
Dean briefly contemplates going back to sleep, but he’s awake and amped up now, so he sighs dramatically; a wordless soliloquy of frustration for the benefit of whichever cruel, capricious god is torturing him for their amusement today, before shuffling outta the bedroom and down the hall to his office. He’s got some emails to send and prescription drug runs to organize.
Cas is real and alive, and inside Dean, barely nudging in and out like he can’t bear to leave, can’t be outside of Dean for even a split second. It’s the most intimate, dirty thing he’s ever experienced.
She rolls over onto her back and Dean swings his leg over her thighs, sitting on her stomach. Gasping for breath, Meg brings her hands up, slapping at Dean’s face, his neck, clawing and scratching anywhere she can reach.
Henriksen’s the next one to come around the corner, but this time Nick’s ready, and he unloads a clip into Henriksen’s bulletproof vest, before catching him in the neck.
The thing with killing someone is that it takes precision and timing. Two things Dean is theoretically good at, but in practice and murder? Eh, not so much.
The main problem is that Dean’s not convinced he wants Jimmy dead. He might not be in love with him, and some days, yeah, he’d love to throttle him until he gets to meet the God he’s so fucking enamored with, but Dean still cares about him.
"Just…" He looks between the three of them, sitting shoulder to shoulder on their couch. Dean attempts to appear stern as they're trying to appear disciplined, and
Cas was in that room, could feel him, even though he was not of this living and breathing world anymore. The membrane between life and death was stretched thin enough that Cas was able to claw through and make contact, even though he’s currently nothing more than raw nerves and viscera.
There’s nothing special about the day. Sam and Eileen’s not-quite-puppy-love flirting is masquerading as baking and Dean doesn’t mind, he really doesn’t. The mess of the kitchen looks like Mrs. Butters’ worst nightmare, but that’s a problem for Sam and his girlfriend.
Dean’s blood turns to ice. The whole world seems to narrow to a fish-eye pinpoint. His heart hammers against his ribcage.
The Langham is an architect's (or a dude who nerds out over buildings’) wet dream. Simple and elegant, the hotel stands out for its clean lines and entrancing shine. Of course, Dean feels completely out of place as his weathered boots squeak on the polished-stone lobby floor.
the only dumbass who doesn’t know what they have to do. “Is anyone gonna explain or are we really going for the whole cryptic, speak-in-riddles Hannibal vibes here?”
— serial killers this whole time, and their kids would’ve had their backs with the combined knowledge garnered from TV. What a wasted opportunity.
“He’s fucked in the head!” Benny yells back, getting into Dean’s space. “How can everybody else see it but you, huh, Dean? You’re not dumb, not at all, but that fucker is your damn blindspot!”
The rooms are in various states of disrepair, some with doors barely hanging onto the broken hinges. The metal room numbers nailed through the wood are corroded, with many dangling dangerously loose or missing. A few of the rooms have connecting doors that are nothing more than splintered, spiked wood. Most of the bedrooms are bare, but there are a few that house mildewed mattresses and broken bedsprings. The bathrooms are different colors from room to room, and in one memorable pink atrocity, Dean and Garth discover a cockroach squeezing its shiny black body down the drain.
And friends drag each other to horror aficionados meetings. Plus, Benny did say he should bring Cas along.
Dean’s a little more bow-legged than usual and Cas is loose-boned and casual. Exams are over, the creeper got his ass beat, and Dean’s had three orgasms in eight hours. Things are good. Better than they’ve been in a long time.
“Sure you did,” Dean bites out, cruel and caustic, and just about done with this game of Clue. (Was it Charlie in the pool-room with her camera? Was it Meg upstairs with a pipe? Was it Benny in the woods with his fists?
Dean goes to class, comes home to Cas, curls up next to him, does his homework so he doesn’t fail — not now he’s so close — and then goes with Cas to whatever social thing he needs to attend in preparation for Cas starting law school next year. He smiles in the right places, does all the spiel, pushes everything down into that box, and fakes it until he makes it.
“Thank you,” Cas says, reaching up for the clothes on the desk. He hands Dean down a pair of sweatpants, his fingers lingering on the sore craters of split skin across Dean’s knuckles. “We should patch you up too.”
As they descend the stone steps into the belly of the club, Dean wonders precisely when his life got so fucking weird.
But Cas isn’t listening, already across the hallway, banging his fist clutching the photo on the creeper’s closed door.
“I brought flashlights, a huge case of water, some beer, an entire cooler of food, snacks, eating utensils, a camping stove... I even brought one of those portable BBQs. I thought of everything. Did you not see all the crap in the trunk when you were loading up your bags at the airport?”
“Coming out of the gate pretty strong there, Cas. You know I’m gonna expect castles every year on our anniversary now.”
Despite himself and the situation, Dean manages a tired laugh. “Send us a picture. We need a good giggle here.”
“Shoulda double-tapped that motherfucker.” Dean comments, light-headed with the Oxycodone finally working its magic.
you that chick was messed up back in college. If she’s the reason we’re in this mess right now, Garth, I am never gonna let you forget it.”
Not that Dean minds when Cas gets all sweaty and frustrated, because he absolutely doesn’t. Cas is gorgeous at the best of times, but when his flawless skin is covered in a light sheen of sweat, his dark hair sticking up in spikes where he ran his hands through it, his lips the prettiest, most inviting pink and swollen from all the frustrated nibbling?
Grabbing a flashlight, Dean rushes into the trees. As he dodges trunks and ducks low under limbs, he hears Garth and Charlie following.
Above him, bottom lip pulled between the pearly white of his teeth as he stares down at the way Dean spreads too easily, Cas is everything Dean dreamed about and more. His chest is pink, flushed from the neck down, eyes dark and laser-focused, so goddamned beautiful that it makes Dean’s heart (and dick) ache.
Lips to the shell of Dean’s ear, Cas whispers lowly, “What’s this really about?” Dean can’t answer, unable to formulate a response before Cas continues, the words curling wrathful and vindictive between them. “Is this about Meg and me, or is it about you? About your guilt and insecurities?”
Not quite time for firearms just yet. He ejects the magazine, tosses it across the warehouse, keeps the one bullet in the chamber.
Dean swallows hard, his dry throat clicking audibly in the stilted, anticipatory silence. “Gonna pull these off the rest of the way now, along with your boots, okay?”
Flippant and wry in that sharp way Cas perfected years ago, he suggests, “Here’s an option: We could always
“Cas,” he manages to stutter, as Castiel keeps driving in, fucking Dean to within an inch of his sanity, twisting his hips on every back stroke in a way that drags infuriatingly against Dean’s insides, possessive strength hauling their bodies together. “Please— I gotta— I’m gonna come— please Cas,
“Oh,” Dean looks down at the Walkman as if it’s gonna help him remember the name of the band. It doesn’t. “Something Charlie gave me last night. Some punk band. Apparently, the chick is really hot. Sounds to me like she needs a throat lozenge.”
“Why not?” At Castiel’s unimpressed stare, the demon elaborates. “Alright, fine. So if we’re doing this passing notes in class thing, I kinda like you. I like the whole—” it gestures in a circular motion with the first blade, encompassing Castiel, “—wrathful God thing you got going on. It’s hot. You’re just about the most powerful thing I’ve ever seen and I figure it’s better to be standing next to you than in your way.”
Dean glances sideways at Cas, too afraid to meet that wild, raw-edged gaze head-on. Instead, he lets the thread of worry that’s in danger of unraveling if they don’t get Cas fixed up soon be his guide. Like Theseus working his way out of the Minotaur’s maze. “I’m glad you’ve perked up and all, but my primary concern is you surviving this. Then we can talk about all the ways we’re gonna smush our genitals together. One thing at a time.”
. In fact, Dean’s never felt better, completely free of his stalker and the paranoia that came with his looming presence. Now, he’s just
There are lots of things Dean’s good at: profiling people, working a crime scene, giving and receiving blow jobs (there’s an etiquette, yanno?), baking, knowing which actor played Jason Vorhees in which sequel… the list goes on. But the thing that he’s best at? Flirting his way into the pants of all genders.
Dean had shoved Bart’s body into trash bags, tying them up as tight as he could. But the smell, oh the smell, it
On automatic, Dean responds, "Haven't had any complaints,” and he receives a huffed laugh in response. One that has warmth slithering from his chest to his gut.
Sounds are spilling out of Cas now, words too. Filthy and moist, breathed out against the hollow of Dean’s throat, “Dean, fuck. You’re so— You’re so gorgeous. And mine. All mine.”
bit. Especially since his entire demeanor has now changed from suave predator into adorkable nerd. Dean loves nerds, has done many a nerd, but they were not the vibes Top Gun was giving off at
Just as he’s pressing the shutter button, he hears a camera go off behind him. Timed perfectly with his own photo.
“What are you insinuatin’?” Benny demands, getting all up in Dean’s face. Dean refuses to back down, which results in the two of them squaring off chest-to-chest, all drunken bar brawl. Dean can see the core of his own rage, and it's a core on the brink of a meltdown.
Dean considers the question. The silence drags on for a while before he manages an unsatisfying answer. “I don’t know.”
Dressed, splinted, and back with the others in the dining room, Dean helps Cas down onto the nest of clothes they’ve made for him.
The bar Dean’s in tonight is a different one from last time, because if he’s learned anything from those shitty cop procedurals that’re always on at least a handful of channels at any given time, it’s that murderers get tripped up by repeating the same MO.
It’s stupid — especially considering how idyllic things have been — but Dean can't help the way his mind presses at the memory of Cas beating the shit outta the creeper for him, poking at it like a bruise, a wobbly tooth.
him. He knew exactly what Dean wanted and how to provide it, and fuck if just thinking about it doesn’t get Dean horny and frustrated every. Single. Time.
The pitch-black of Dean Winchester’s tainted soul shimmers like obsidian; the glassy, worthless luster of it. It’s just as enticing as the pure, luminous soul Castiel pulled out of hell several years and storylines ago.
“Yeah,” Dean whispers back, almost going cross-eyed trying to look Cas in his baby-blues from this position. There’s something comforting about it, something intimate and personal and
“Why are you smiling?” Cas challenges, voice a soothing liquid silk that Dean has learned the hard way is more dangerous than his commanding, pissy tone. His footsteps come to a halt to Dean’s right, near his shoulder. “I must not be doing my job properly.”
doesn’t know where they’re supposed to be going on their honeymoon. Though of course, they’ll have to get a later flight now, possibly tomorrow if this turns into a dragged-out affair, and Nick is just such a
Both Benny and Cas’ stuff is still here at the makeshift camp; their toothbrushes, sleeping bags. The only thing that’s missing is one of the flashlights. Even Benny’s shirt — the one he took off earlier — is still there.
“Oh,” Jimmy says in the face of Dean’s silence. He pushes to his feet, attention on the box Dean’s still holding limply. “What’s that?”
It’s like a wishing well curse, Dean getting everything he ever wanted. Like a monkey’s paw. Sure, he has Cas, he has a dead stalker, but at what cost?
Dean’s heart stutters in his chest, eyes catching and sticking on the slick crimson that seems to be everywhere, making Cas’ shirt black, heavy, and shiny.
him, and Dean's cock leaps against his stomach. "I’ll let you choose. You can come on my fingers or my cock, but whichever you choose, you can’t come on the other. If you do, I’ll make sure you regret it.”
Dean can’t see Benny’s knuckles from here, but even if they’re only lightly abraded, he could’ve easily used the trees to do his dirty work. In fact, Dean’s kinda assuming that’s what happened, ‘cause Benny’s apparently a sneaky asshole like that.
“Yes!” Her eyes flash, the green becoming brighter and if Dean didn’t know any better, he’d think that the phrase ‘green-eyed monster’ was coined exclusively for her. “If I can’t have him, I don’t want anyone else to.”
The steady beeping of the machines pumping saline and morphine into Castiel’s veins lowers to the deep, velvet-crush timbre of his voice. "Hello.”
“Doesn’t change the fact that it’s not a good time,” Dean says, patience stretched thinner than the crust on an Italian pizza (that Cas  — practically a Chicago native  — insists he prefers to the standard base, the heathen).
If Benny’s right and Cas saw the two of them, the chances of him coming clean about it are precisely zero. Cas and Dean have always been caught in this crazy-jealous powerplay, and Dean loves it just as much now as he did back in college. That level of obsession has always turned his crank like nothing else, has been the foundation of why he’s stayed the hell away all these years. Because he knew, he
Benny’s still going in the face of Dean’s angry silence, and really, he’s digging his own grave. “You need help, the both of you. If we get outta here alive, you really need to check in somewhere.”
“So what, you’ve decided the antique business ain’t as lucrative as selling bee embroidery kits on Etsy?” Dean’s funny, he knows he is, plenty of people have told him so. But Cas is unimpressed, waiting for Dean to finish cracking his jokes like a tag-along at a Dane Cook show, who only came because there was an extra ticket and they already used up their hair-washing excuse this week.
Fortunately, his anxiety is easily disguised, because he and Jimmy are in the process of moving into the old Novak family home. And, as everyone knows, moving house is one of the three major life stressors (the other two being seated next to a table of unruly children with parents who do nothing, and a strange, slobbery dog charging at you in a park).
Dean doesn’t stop. In the absolute best scenario, where Benny turns out not to be the stalker or the maniac who’s after them now, he’s still gonna turn Dean and Cas in. Dean’s not going to jail, and neither is Cas.
Dean shrugs and (hopefully) leads them back the way he and Benny came. It’s not long before they find the possum room, though one quick glance inside yields no pissy marsupial.
of his]). It’s most certainly not accidental, and Dean would admire Cas and his friends for their sneaky organizational skills if the babysitting wasn’t wearing thin pretty fucking quickly.
“Sorry,” the dude says as he blocks the doors with his arm, his lips a blush pink and swollen from their make-out session. “You know how it is.”
Dean grins, pleased with himself for the poke of Cas’ half-hard dick he can feel against his own. “Sure.”
Meg won’t be there explaining it with them, because it’ll be like college all over again: she’ll never leave them alone to be happy. She’ll start up the blackmail shit again, and Castiel is too old to play those kinds of games.
Dean pretends to be annoyed, but really, he lives for these interactions. It’s the only time he knows for sure that his heart is still beating. “Yes, but not like
But this crazy train ain’t getting derailed for anything. “—Um. And I’m sorry. I promise I won’t be weird for the rest of the semester.” Once the words start coming, they won’t stop; they just keep pouring out of him, even though his brain is screaming at his mouth to shut up. “I mean, if you want another roommate, I totally understand.” Cas’ silence tells Dean everything he needs to know and it stings beyond the telling of it. “I tell you what, I’ll go to the office right now. It’s pretty late in the year, so they might not be able to switch us out.” He pushes to his feet, slamming his textbook shut. “But I can always just crash on a friend’s couch until then. It’s no big deal. I’m sorry, Cas. I—” He’s babbling, trying to shove his book into his backpack through the hot blur of tears at the back of his eyes, embarrassment and shame and hurt making his chest tight.
Dean was everything: perfection personified and distilled into one human. Love and kink, darkness and light, wholesome and depraved. Castiel had to protect it. Had to protect Dean.
Dean rarely goes places without his gun or the handcuffs. Both are turn-ons for his various hookups, and he’s more than happy to pull them out to play
Dean’s about to save a couple of egg rolls from the trash — a healthy compromise between tossing the whole lot or taking it all back with him — when chief sausage fingers bursts into the conference room on the scent of sweat and drug abuse.
Feeling brave, right before they hang up, Dean decides to go for broke, to push just a little. “Y’know, it’s interesting how you’re coming back so soon... Jimmy mentioned that it had been years since he saw you before the wedding, and now you’re back in the U.S. twice in as many months?”
just going to write a strongly worded letter, but now that you mention it…” Castiel shifts his stance, just a little, and Dean can feel the sharp point of a small blade through his clothes, pressing into the skin above his kidney. “Interesting though, isn’t it, how the media makes such a fuss about the name of the killer, but nobody ever remembers the names of the victims...
In response, Benny pries Dean’s arm away from his throat. In a move that Dean’s not entirely proud of, he bites down on the nearest piece of Benny’s skin he can find, which turns out to be his ear. Benny yelps, letting go of Dean’s arm, and drives his elbow down. It catches Dean just below the armpit. At the shock of pain, Dean’s mouth falls open and he releases Benny’s ear, but regains his hold on Benny’s throat. Benny’s elbow punches him a second time. And a third. A fourth. He keeps bringing it down, pounding Dean’s side. Each blow weakens Dean’s grip, sapping his strength.
They’re both hard and aching by the time they fall through their dorm door, panting like they’ve just run a marathon.
But this ain’t that kinda distraction, obviously. ‘Cause pro-wrestling is a largely straight male space. Which has always made Dean laugh, because what about mostly-naked, sweaty men rolling around together screams ‘heterosexual’?
Jimmy has no answer. He can only begin backing up as Cas moves forward. Recanting his morbid fascination in favor of self-preservation, he tries to buy seconds that he doesn’t have the credit for. “You’ve been here all along, haven’t you? That’s why Dean was eager to spend time up here.” When that gets no response, he goes for Cas’ soft underbelly, hoping to slip the proverbial knife in somewhere vital. “It won’t bring her back, you know. Whatever you think you’re doing here, it won’t bring her back.” And finally, “This has always been your problem Castiel, this impulsiveness. Selfishness. That’s why dad sent you away, why you—”
“You wanna go down this route? ‘Cause if we’re talking about the loss of dignity, I would say yours was when I blew you for the first time and you came in about fifteen seconds.”
The situation is not helped by the fact that someone accompanies him wherever he goes these days —  not just to the showers, but also to class, to the library, and to horror aficionados meetings. He even has company at bedtime (not even in the fun way, ‘cause the stalker has put the kibosh on his slutty ways, [and Cas sadly hasn’t offered to share again, but whenever Dean’s ready to turn the lights out, Cas is right-fucking-there, across the room, with that sexually frustrating face and
Trying not to freak out, Dean hurries onward, turning his head this way and that, eyes scanning gardens for Castiel. Nothing.
Usually, that is. Dean doesn’t like Bobby Singer much when he’s interrupting their weekend plans with another fuckhead who’s got a touch of murderitis. The longer Victor stays on the phone, the more Dean sees his days off slipping through his fingers. He and Charlie had some serious LARPing to catch up on this weekend, but it seems as though Moondor is going to have to operate without their queen and her handmaiden for another month.
“Being dead makes you horny, huh?” Dean jokes, and yeah, it’s probably too soon, but instead of scolding him, Cas fucks past Dean’s lips, crown of his cock bumping along Dean’s soft palate.
Cas’ voice is rough when he says, “Yeah?” as he stares down at Dean, cool blue against the red-hot embers of a California sunset.
Weighing up the options, trying to figure out which is gonna involve the least amount of torture, Dean eventually settles on, “cock.”
Charlie isn’t due to arrive and pretty him up for the big day for a couple more hours and Sam’s expected even later, with the rings and transport to the venue.
“I don’t wanna hear it,” Dean snarls, old resentments coloring the words. “It’s none of your business. Never was. And doing
“I hate to be the one to suggest this,” Charlie says from behind them, “But I think we should split up. We’ll be searching all night otherwise.”
But there’s something behind the blue of his eyes. Something kinda….off? Dean can’t quite put his finger on it. Mostly 'cause even at the best of times, Cas is shiftier than a werewolf on a full moon. Today is apparently not the best of times. Dean's about to ask why his husband’s acting so bent out of shape when Dean's the one whose Wednesday is already on the downturn, but Cas cuts right through him, impatient when he asks, “Have you seen my karambit?”
For a few blissful hours, Dean doesn’t think about Cas at all, doesn’t spend his evening sneaking glances and staring at Cas’ mouth, wondering if he still tastes like the Skittles he’s been absent-mindedly crunching between his teeth as he tries to make sense of positivism.
Cas appears at the head of the row of destroyed slot machines, directly in front of Dean, crowbar over his shoulder, suit immaculate as always, despite the impromptu construction work, “Yes.
“Dean,” Cas growls, and Dean finds himself with his back to their bedroom wall, their bodies pressed together so close that Dean can feel Cas’ rapid heartbeat against his own, an involuntary call and response.
Though, the real question is, how the fuck did Benny wander far enough to get lost, but not so far that he couldn’t find them again?
Cas’ eyes skate up Dean’s chest to his face, and Dean feels his cheeks growing hot. “I can think of a few things.”
Cas goes out for some coffee and donuts, and when he comes back, he has a solemn expression on his face, and a bouquet of roses in his hand.
“Fuck my face,” Dean compromises, “Want you to. Need you to.” Cas has never left him hanging before (outside of edging, at least). He knows that he’ll be taken care of once they get back to the hotel room. Right now, Dean just wants to give Cas as much pleasure as he can, to show him in front of everyone that he belongs to Cas.
After that, it becomes a regular thing. Once or twice a month Dean and Cas meet up in a swanky hotel to fuck.
“Errr...” Dean drags a hand through his hair, tries to bluster his way through the panic clawing its way out of his throat. “Yeah, yeah, man. Um, do you know how this box got on my bed?”
Now contending with the wind up here, Dean shoulders the bedroom door open, stumbling inside to absolutely no resistance and unnerving tranquility. Like a tornado that has passed over and dissipated as quickly as it came.
Cas sighs, flipping the gun’s safety on and placing it on the counter. “My father thinks he can control me. I started this place to get out from under his thumb. Every so often he tries to drag me back kicking and screaming.”
Two: Dean’s not gonna be reaping much of anything any time soon because of their fucking cockblocking kids.
Benny looks down at his own boots. He crouches, undoing his laces slowly and methodically, not taking his eyes off of Dean the whole time.
“The shortest bit of the route,” Benny concludes. “So why focus here? The copycat has however many miles—”
He probably would’ve bled out. And it would’ve been slower and more painful, but this unsub chose to kill the vic there and then, rather than make him suffer.
There’s the slow slide of blue beneath inky lashes, as Cas pretends to be interested in whatever Garth is prattling on about, and Dean scrunches his fist down into his pocket, excitement and nerves churning in his gut.
The rest of the staff are long gone, but Sam’s still hovering around. They make brief eye contact and Dean shakes his head minutely, communicating silently with his brother to stay away.
“Where’s your shirt, Benny?” Dean asks, in a sudden change of topic, hoping to wrongfoot his friend into giving something away.
The main highway is a good few miles back and down, no longer visible, lost to the density of the surrounding tree canopy, and Dean’s
The thick, wet, nasty sound of Cas fucking Dean’s face, nudging his dick further and further down Dean’s throat, is obscene in the small room. A mix of precome and spit drools down his chin, and Dean’s back to fighting for breath again, breathing through his nose as he and Cas maintain eye contact.
There’s something otherworldly about them, something that lends itself to a sense of uncertainty, a feeling that anything could happen. It’s like being poised on the threshold of the present, wavering between a nostalgic, wasteland past and the irresistible gleam of the future. A better future with a better God. One who listens, one who cares, one who saves.
“Just shoot him,” Meg says, feigning boredom, but this moment has been fourteen years in the making; there’s no chance she wants to miss this.
There’s a noticeboard-map-thingy near the entrance. They’d glanced at it on their way in, Benny insisting that they check it in case of plant-based emergencies (or something, Dean wasn’t actually listening, too busy with his corndog and general disappointment).
It’s everything that their kiss in the changing room wasn’t: comfort and love, as opposed to anger and lust. Two sides of the same coin, and they’ve always been better at the latter than the former, but they’ve also had some sickeningly tender moments over the years.
Like Cas said, he’s gotta be smart about this. Benny can’t be trusted, but contrary to Benny’s opinion, Dean ain’t a cold-blooded murderer.
“We killed him,” Dean says. “The guy was harassing me, making my life absolutely fucking miserable. So we followed him on a morning run up in the fire trails. Cas shot him, and we lit his body on fire and buried him in a shallow grave.”
“Yeah, okay,” he mutters, waiting for full cerebral function to return. “You’ve got a point. Hey, how’d you find me anyways?”
Not that Dean has the high ground or anything, ‘cause he’s pretty sure there’s a hickey sucked into the skin just below his ear.
It’s been maybe a full five minutes since he last came, but he’s ready to go another round if Cas is willing to be the wild, nasty fuck that Dean knows he can be.
Leaving the three death-wish musketeers behind, Dean stomps alongside Benny until they come to another intersection at the very far end of the hallway. They turn left into another tunnel of darkness, flashlights bouncing off the walls.
“Of course, Dean,” Cas says and his eyes glow that ethereal blue, burning brighter and brighter, until it fills Dean’s vision and that familiar high-pitched squeal rings out, crescendoing into something that feels like it’s gonna burst Dean’s eardrums at the same time as the blue blinds him. Cas’ voice is gravel-rough and strained around the edges when he orders, “Close your eyes.”
