“Oh, c’mon Dean…” was Castiel answer, who left the backpack at the floor and went to the kitchen to look for the keys. Dean didn’t like to be ignored like that so he followed him, scared of suspecting he had discovered the truth.
it said and Dean stopped breathing in that exact second. He remembered his conversation with Madison that past Thursday, and the final statement she made to him. Dean was scared shitless, but not only about himself or his position at work.
is...” Castiel clarified, because even when he didn't need to, he felt better in front of the stranger if he did. “I’m not rich either, far from it, in fact. My cousin should have dreamed big before choosing the place. I don’t blame him, it’s a wonderful hotel, but that’s not what my finances need.”
“Don’t look at us like that… it’s just, once upon a time… we were interns of Sandover?” Claire said, doubtfully. Charlie and Benny opened their eyes completely bewildered and Dean stifled a cry. “Before you start lecturing us or shit, I’ve said we
“Oh, really?” Castiel said, not noticing of the nickname. Dean noticed a hint of disappointment in Castiel’s gaze, but he thought it was only his imagination. “Just, wait a minute, before you go…” he said, and disappeared behind the counter. Dean went to it again, and tried to spy the owner by stretching himself out, but he couldn’t see a thing. Moments later Castiel emerged from the floor, with a package in his hands. “Here, this is for you, as a sign of my gratitude, and the foundation of our friendship,” he said, and offered the package to Dean.
Castiel analyzed his options before starting to walk again. He did not have much, if he was completely honest with himself. He didn’t consider having dinner with his brothers, they would never understand his situation and in fact, they would likely laugh at him. Same with his co-workers. Charlie would comprehend, but he had no intentions to retell how pathetic he was to yet another person that day. The worst one was his own house, though. He didn’t want to be alone and sad in an apartment that had no human presence in it since he left that morning. That would make him feel even more upset.
Jimmy opened his eyes and stood up suddenly from his chair. “Are you really—?”
“In silk sheets, rolling naked in money people like you gave me,” she answered insolently. Dean wished he could send her to hell, but sadly he was the one at a disadvantage.
Benny taught him how to cook a cherry-vodka sauce that made Dean moan in pleasure after it was prepared and tasted. Benny asked Dean what he would do with the dessert, and Dean insisted he would do one on his own and bring it to Cas’ house to celebrate once the whole situation was resolved. However, he agreed with Benny to leave both the tart and the sauce in the bakery’s fridge in case Dean’s preparation went to hell and he had an emergency.
“And you don’t?” Jo asked curiously, after some seconds of uncomfortable silence.
“Someone like what?” Dean asked back. Missouri said nothing and looked at him as if he was dumb, working like magic. Dean was sure she had magic. “As a fuck buddy?” he asked.
, it’s
“You’re nobody to come and claim the place like this…” Zachariah yelled again.
“Sadly, Castiel is not a smart person,” Uriel noted and his friend beside him laughed.
"Naomi hates me. My fucking brothers couldn’t care less about me. I have a home that is always empty! I want to work as something I am not and I will never be! I have no money to make it happen and I have no time to study!" Castiel ranted, while Jo looked at him, and put a hand on his shoulder as a sign of support.
Alfie was silent for a moment, as if the question had surprised him, and then he answered: “What Dean?”
“I need a miracle.”
Even when he had the attitude, every step Dean walked scared him more than the previous one. However, Dean had decided he wouldn’t allow anyone to hurt the people he loved, in any way, not anymore, and that he would do his best to solve this mess he was involved in, so he breathed deeply once he was in front of the door and opened it up, not bothering to knock. Bartholomew was there, sit at his desk, signing some papers. Dean closed the door while Bartholomew raised his head and realized who the intruder was.
Well, that was the second person telling him the same in less than three hours. Probably they had a point.
Although, that made him even more devoted to his job than what he initially was. Jo tended to tell him he was exaggerating, but she didn’t comprehend just how difficult their lives were before Bobby and Ellen adopted them. Dean always looked after his little brother when they were kids, and even when they were older and enjoyed the perks of belonging to a happy family, Dean was responsible for him by a personal decision. So, the fact of Sam being completely independent and away from him, made an impact on Dean.
“You don’t have to escape from your demons Dean, you have to exorcise them,” Castiel said, visibly touched by Dean’s revelation. “This is what I’ve done with mine, having the family I have,” he added, quietly, pressing his free hand above the one that was tangled to Dean’s.
“I’m not good with people. I’m afraid I won’t have a good time once I get there,” Castiel confessed. He truly believed that. He felt awkward in front of others, as his people skills were
“Two minutes here and you already talk like one of us,” Benjamin joked. “You will have to understand something --
Castiel felt like he was melting inside, which was stupid, this was not happening at all.
“You’re rude, and a sinner!” Naomi insisted.
“We can tell her about the environmental issue and leave the rest only for us,” Sam replied. “For her, it will be juicy enough, and for us not extremely dangerous.” Gabriel nodded and Dean as well. “Although, after we get what we want from Zachariah I strongly suggest for Castiel to sell his share of the company. I could write a document justifying the sale saying Castiel is solvent by his own and he never had a thing to do with Sandover’s businesses. If Zachariah is smart, he would sign it along with the rest, and Castiel would be clear if someone else finds out about Zachariah’s crimes.”
“It’s okay to me, as soon as you don’t stop loving me,” Dean replied. He intended it as a joke, but Castiel probably didn’t take it like that, if his serious expression meant anything.
“At Christmas Eve dinner!!” Raphael added, as it was something terribly offensive.
“She has the same name as my mom,” Dean said before he could stop himself.
“Why would you want to share such an important family moment with me?” he asked, completely puzzled. Even when he supposed it, Dean didn’t know if he wanted to slap him on the head or kiss him right there in front of the whole bakery.
Those days turned out to be the happiest days Dean had ever had. The bakery staff accepted his help easily, and Dean found himself being helped more than once by them in exchange. Gabriel appeared once in a while and exchanged curious glances with Dean, and he was sure the moment to speak with him seriously would come soon. Customers were a whole other thing; they received Dean with joy, asking for his opinions about what product they should buy, or if he was planning to stay. Dean wished he could.
The guy smirked in reply. “They are waiting to pay their bills. It’s a shop that exclusively does that.”
They both stared at one another for a while, Dean feeling the intensity of what they were not saying, until at some point Castiel reconsidered it and took the bill, ringing up the cash register to place it in the door. “Thank you, Dean,” he said, looking at him again.
Castiel got a little bored in
“It really is! This family is really diverse,” Sarah replied after cleaning her mouth with a napkin. “We can talk about laws and numbers, food and art. I’m personally loving it,” she added, in passing.
“Oh, look at this!
Dean laughed again and any awkward sensation they felt before was broken completely. “Are you asking me to stay over?” he teased.
“Because someone I trust told me you were a good person, and I firmly believe they were right,” he said and Dean couldn’t avoid asking him what he was talking about. “Your mom,” he said then, and Dean jumped from the stool.
Castiel rang the bell after taking a deep breath and waited. It was cold outside, even though it was supposed to be spring. Castiel rubbed his arms. He tugged at the sleeve of his trenchcoat at the same time the door was opened. Gabriel, with his long blonde hair and striking honey eyes, looked at him and faked a smile that Castiel reciprocated.
which was incredibly polite of himself, and Dean couldn’t feel more proud of it. Castiel wasn’t as ashamed, apparently, and closed the distance between them, kissing Dean on the lips sweetly.
“Drive off and don’t even think about coming back!” Gabriel got in the last word. Everybody but Castiel turned to look at him again. The car’s window descended and the guy flipped his middle finger off to Gabriel before raising it again and turning on the ignition.
“None of those clothes are from good designers! Why would I want them?” Balthazar yelled, losing the petulant smile he has been carrying since the start of the meeting.
“Wow,” Sam replied, and kept quiet. “Well… Anna asked Zachariah to use Castiel’s share for something Castiel would appreciate, since Castiel didn’t reclaim his part for whatever reason I don’t know, and probably you do. Zachariah signed documents from the attorney committing himself to do it. In the will Anna asked him specially to do that task to
Castiel was completely astonished. After dusting-free his jeans, the anonymous hero walked to Castiel’s direction, as if nothing had happened. He had a big smile on his face, seeming completely satisfied with his action, and Castiel couldn’t help noticing the expression looked really good on him. When the guy was finally face to face with Castiel, he handed him the cellphone and actually winked at him, making him blush.
He went to the bakery on both Saturday and Sunday, during which he spent almost all his time there talking with Castiel about their lives, bickering about the stuff he gave for free to the customers, and flirting shamelessly practically every passing minute in front of everybody, which didn’t make Dean rueful in any way.
“I’m James Bond, but I need a Q… or an M… I don’t know,” he said, looking at the memory stick. “Sammy will help me, but it’s not enough. I need a Sandover enemy to make this work,” he said, pointing out the disk with his hand. “I’m not enough of a threat for them. Don’t you know someone I could talk with?”
“I didn’t. Shaddap, Sammy,” Dean replied, even quieter, looking in panic at Castiel and Sarah. Thankfully there were steps behind, completely absorbed in their own conversation.
“And pay,” Castiel added, amused, and Gabriel answered with a blush. It was weird watching him like that, so when he tried to apologize for not paying in advance, Castiel stopped him. “Thank you Gabe, for all the things you’ve done for me,” he said. Gabriel replied it was nothing, since they were family. Castiel gave him a second hug in response, Gabriel accepted it without the shadow of a doubt.
The problem was not that Bartholomew was unattractive as Castiel was sure somebody else would find him handsome and charming. The problem was that Castiel was absolutely not interested in pursuing a relationship with him, of any kind, not even a friendship, and Bartholomew knew it and never accepted it, insisting every day he had a chance, irritating Castiel as he had no idea.
“You didn’t, Cas, it’s okay,” Dean replied. “Just tell me please what is happeni—”
Gabriel considered it for a moment. “That’s the most important question, darling, but we have no answer for it. You’d be the one leaving. Where do you want to go?”
“Leave, now!” Gabriel ordered, while his opponent took his nose with his left hand.
“Cousin Cassie, take it easy, honey!” Balthazar said, with a mocking expression. “Spending time with us, sharing our air… it can’t be that horrid!”
“Baking is not my vocation, if that’s what you’re asking here,” Dean replied gravelly. “But I’m enjoying the job plenty. I’ve loved these days there, not only because of Cas. Yeah, having him around is priceless to me, but I like dealing with people, and having fun with the guys... I want to keep working as an accountant, of course. But I want to be there as well.” He paused. “I’ve thought about this, basically every night for the last couple of weeks. And I’ve decided I will be my own person from now on,
Jo arched an eyebrow.
“I’m talking about something we had already talked about more than once, mother,” Castiel replied, louder as well. “I don’t want to get married to Daphne, or to anyone you promise me to. Is that so difficult to understand?”
Dean laughed at the answer. “I call that sleeping, dude. Plus, you were snoring,” he said, fondling Castiel’s hair. “What would have happened if I started talking at five in the morning for instance...”
the lady said and Castiel had no idea what to answer to that.
Everybody misunderstood Dean.
“After you went to sleep I had a hard time trying to close my eyes,” Castiel started when they were all sitting in the living room, everybody paying exclusive attention to him. “Last night's events made me anxious, and I honestly consider the solution you’ve found for me more adventurous than anything I’ve ever done in my life. Because of that, I spent some hours thinking about my situation, and particularly about the journey you’ve suggested. I was sure I wouldn’t do it, that I couldn’t take such a risk… then in the middle of those pessimistic thoughts I finally fell asleep.” Castiel paused. “At first I dreamed about the wedding, you know?” He continued, making the others groan. “I was there, at the church, with Daphne at my right, and mother at the left. It was stressful. I've never felt as mortified as I was feeling in that place. I found it difficult to breathe… I had a hard time trying not to pass out... then I woke up minutes later, all sweaty and scared. Clearly, I couldn’t stay at that place, not even when dreaming...”
“Yes, I have a date,” Castiel answered, raising his eyes a little and looking at Dean mischievously. Dean blushed and went to the counter. He looked at the money displayed on it in order not to make eye contact with Castiel in that moment.
“Perhaps… just a couple of months,” he finally said, and couldn’t avoid noticing Jimmy’s face. It was lit with joy at the sole idea of Castiel leaving. “But… I will tell you all tomorrow morning. I need tonight for myself.”
“Just go and make it work before Kevin starts reciting a poem or something,” Benny said and continued with his cookies, ignoring Dean from that moment, even when he called his name a couple times after that.
There it came again. Castiel sighed.
“How can’t it be
“Yes,” Castiel answered, and Dean released a breath he didn’t know he was holding. “I would go out with you tonight, or on any other day you asked me to,” he said, and if it wasn’t for an old lady who asked for Castiel to attend her, and Castiel only, Dean swore he would have kissed him.
“Like what?” Castiel pushed then, timidly.
“Uriel, easy, friend,” Gucci fan said, and he adjusted himself on the chair in order to look directly at Dean. “Don’t mind him, please,” he said, pointing at Uriel, “he is taking the situation like this because it affects us all, very deeply. Zachariah would explain it better than me, but we all really have our grandmother in our hearts and watching her business being run into the ground like that is hurtful. We want the best for everybody,” he said, in such a heartfelt way Dean almost noticed a couple of tears threaten to leave his eyes.
Minutes later, when Dean thought the so-called conclave had definitely been a failure, both kids appeared again and surprised him completely..
He tried to plot something spontaneously, but Crowley’s stare was difficult to ignore.
“It was not for you,” he answered, finally. “It was
Dean was left outpowered by her answer but still he replied. “I want to tell him.”
"Can you stop?" Dean said, raising his voice and interrupting Castiel’s thoughts. "You sound like Sammy, seriously, stop. I have no idea what you’re talking about-"
“And what do you believe in?”
“That Miscellaneous Fees account is what is giving you shit, Cas. The reason for your problems. It’s completely unbalanced, and it makes no sense, even less if I see the real profits you’re making every day and you still are snowed up with mortgages,” Dean found Castiel by the sink, and placed himself to his side. He knew he was pushing but he needed some answers. He was sure whatever it was it would help him to make the better decisions for his own life, even if that sounded weird. “Do you like horses’ races, or I don’t know… Blackjack? I could help you with that, there are gambling counselors in Kansas, I’ve heard because of… someone,” he hesitated. “I could take you there, help you, Cas,” he started again but Castiel surprised him, placing his hands on both sides of Dean face, his own inches apart from Dean’s.
Castiel knew Jimmy had a point, and deep down he knew as well that he had to get out of that place, at least for a while. He breathed deeply and scratched his head with both hands, as if he could decide quicker that way. Jimmy didn’t attempt to stop him.
“By whom?” Crowley asked, similarly scared, but never losing his petulant tone.
Castiel chuckled; she always insisted on teaching him different tips and new recipes to use at the shop, and Castiel complied. They were a good team, Benny thought as much, and some of their current successful dishes were a direct consequence of her classes.
“Apple pie,” Castiel answered, quite happily. Dean groaned at that, imagining the implications. “Your mother told me you loved them, with cinnamon she pointed out, and since this is a bakery, well…” with a movement of his hand he left the rest unsaid. It didn’t matter, Dean had already understood.
They stayed in silence for a couple of minutes, looking everywhere and anywhere in particular. Sometimes they caught a glimpse of each other, and kept the stare for a while, until a noise or a shouting distracted them. It was more than weird, and certainly something Castiel had never experienced before with anyone, but he couldn’t say he disliked the sensation. There was something in the guy’s eyes, even in his presence, that Castiel enjoyed on the sly.
“And how do you think that translates to me?” Dean inquired.
“How can you be so... confident?” Castiel said, out of nowhere.
“You’re welcome,” Castiel replied, simply, and they kissed again. One, two, three times.
“You think I’m stupid, Gabriel? That exclusive you gave me is great by its own, but is not enough to make Zachariah Sandover sign all those papers you want him to sign, with or without me,” she explained and Dean tensed. It was all too good to be true. “You must have something else hidden, and I want to know it too,” she added, brushing the curls of her hair with her fingers.
“Only to everyone with eyes,” Charlie said with a cheeky smile. “And check I’m not saying
“I won’t say the name, but his hair color is as black as my car,” Dean said instead surprising both Castiel and himself. Sometimes his mouth had a brain of his own.
“My brother,” he said, outraged. “He doesn’t lose time, apparently.”
“What?” answered Dean, confused, until he saw Castiel walking to the office room laughing and he got it. “Oh, c’mon Charlie, I didn’t mean it like that, I’ve said I need to talk to him,” he answered and walked behind him, hearing Charlie’s chuckles in the background.
"I had a personal problem and she was just-" Castiel tried to say but Naomi interrupted him.
“Nobody told you how mom and Bobby got married? That’s a story to share!” Jo asked Castiel, extremely excited.
“If I were you, I would start believing, Cassie…” Gabriel said and asked everybody to gather together. “We’re going to discover where our beloved Cassie will live from now on…”
“Fuck” Dean answered, with his free hand in his face, breathing irregularly. He repeated the phrase a couple times until Sam stopped him.
“Oh God, you look so cute together!” someone said from the other side of the living room and made Dean and Castiel jump. Once again, interrupted in the middle of something.
Dean ignored them both.
He left the car in a rush after parking it in his, now, usual spot. He ran to the door without looking at his parent’s shop. He didn’t want to be rude, but nobody called his name from there and Dean was in a hurry. He would decidedly visit them later.
“Yes, it is.” He answered. “But if you don’t care about any of this, you can go outside and smoke a pipe. I wouldn’t personally suggest that, but it’s up to you.” Frank coughed again, interrupting his rant. “Can I go on?”
Castiel smiled and left the phone. He put the socks on and took it again. He added Dean to the phone contacts, somehow he didn’t like watching just the number, it felt impersonal. Then he answered.
“I don’t know… popping up in your bakery the way I did, being here basically all the time, invading your workspace and bothering you with questions everyday…” Dean explained, blushing profusely.
“Thank you for asking, I was getting there,” Dean said in the same sarcastic way and Claire replied rolling her eyes. “My brother is Sam Winchester, California lawyer, graduated from Stanford. I’ve asked him please to be Castiel’s lawyer from now on, and to write a new restraining order for him. He accepted, so he did one, and he will travel tomorrow to get it signed. Are you getting where I’m going or are you still only focused on thinking I’m fucking Lucifer?”
! A random country! Then again…
“Well, if you let me… I think that’s Mom’s fault as well,” Jimmy replied, his tone confident. “She’s always pushing you to do what she wants, to relate only with the people she relates with… that builds a shell. You’re funny and intelligent when you’re comfortable, you are polite and friendly. I’m sure whoever deserves your attention will like you back. You won’t have any problems, you will be one hundred percent Castiel, for once.”
Clearly they were, since after hours of negotiating and plotting together, even more after Bela left the house, all Dean wanted to do was meeting Castiel again and having dinner with him and the rest of the family. He was not wrong, clearly his priorities had changed, since when he finally did both, he felt he couldn’t be happier.
“No,” he answered, chuckling and taking the spoon Bobby had offered him, because denying the
“I don’t play videogames,” Dean answered. When they were both outside and the door was closed, he couldn’t take the frustration anymore and added, “Cas, my Hugo Boss!”
“Of course!” Kali replied, with confidence. Unlike Castiel, she was extremely interested in the studies of the occult. “In fact, I’ve read that dreaming about a journey means that you are going to face something new in your life, that you will surpass different kinds of challenges and rewards. They are always positive dreams, so I suppose you should take yours into account,” she explained, with a smile.
“I don’t know, Taylor Swift,” Dean answered. “Stay at the door and pay attention to both flanks, I cannot do this another time, it’s already five in the afternoon.”
Benjamin laughed. “You talk like an old aunt,” he said and laughed, not sounding offensive, though. Castiel started understanding the whole concept of
“Did you meet someone, by any chance?” she asked, with a teasing inflection in her tone.
“And because you know I’m always right,” she added and focused herself on reading Dean.
“But she does anyway…”
“Nobody has cared about my well-being in a while,” Dean confessed, “so thank you. I’m fine. It hurt a little at first, but it’s okay now. Sorry for the scene, by the way,” he added.
“Castiel,” he asked. “Are you a gambler?”
“Bela Talbot,” Gabriel answered and Dean felt like fainting. Was it God being magnanimous with him for once? “As far as I remember she was used by them more than once to spread some untrue information about former employees. She is still Crowley’s lover as well, sadly his wife doesn’t know.”
“I’m sorry Gabe, but I don’t want to talk about my mother right now,” he replied when the silence became too awkward to ignore, closing his eyes for a moment, his still untouched slice of pizza getting colder with every passing second.
“Do you really think I wanted them at my wedding? They don’t dance!” he used to say to Castiel, every time he got to mention it. “I think the overdose of sugar you have in this store is making you bad in the head, buddy,” he said as well, often, ironically, eating a big piece of cake or the biggest donut on the counter, and Castiel smiled at that. He appreciated Gabriel’s presence and support, even when he was sure he didn’t deserve it. That’s why every time Gabriel wanted to buy cookies or chocolates for his baby daughter Mary, Castiel gave them for free.
Suddenly the noise of the marbles going round and round in the raffle box invaded the room and Castiel was glad the furtive and powerful beats of his heart were going unnoticed. Everybody else looked wrought up, and Castiel couldn't understand why. It wasn’t their lives that were planned to drastically change.
,” he repeated more to himself than to be heard by anyone else, and kept on looking at suitable options on the Internet.
he added in Spanish. Castiel had no idea what he was saying but he inferred Benjamin was not happy with stopping the motion.  “Did you say it was a hotel?” he asked, frustration still presented in his voice.
“Good morning mom, Cas, why are you so tense?” Dean asked, visibly worried, but Castiel shook his face, without saying a word. “Did something happen?” Dean tried again. Castiel didn’t answer that time either, but placed himself face to face to Dean and took him by the face with both hands. After some seconds of staring he pecked him on the lips.
to your (probably) soon-to-be boyfriend is easier said than done, and that was exactly what happened to Dean that Saturday.
“Every important step in our lives scares us,” Ellen replied, in that motherly tone he had missed when they were not in contact. “We only need to identify when our happiness is in danger if we don’t move,” she said and Dean nodded. “What will you do this time, honey?”
“I’m not
“I know, it’s just… You don’t understand,” he sighed and opened the door. “We will talk later. Good luck, Castiel. I don’t want to see you suffering like this, no matter what my wife says. Hope you can find a way to get rid of your problems really soon,” he said.
Dean didn’t know how to answer, but then Castiel answered. Castiel, the saviour. “I was finishing this lemon pie, Ellen. I had to wrap it and decorate it…” he said and winked at Dean. Ellen looked at the package and took it from Castiel’s hands, smirking as if she had not believed Castiel at all.
“If you danced the Macarena, at least, you’d give them another reason to fire you, it’s not a bad idea,” Gabriel said to Dean, with a smirk. Dean replied with a smile of his own.
“Don’t worry, Dean, everything is fine. Good morning to you too,” he said and released himself from Dean, taking the plate with the eggs and carrying them to the table. Dean looked completely puzzled, scared even, thinking he had done something wrong while sleepwalking (there was no other way) but Ellen took him by the hand and murmured him something he didn’t catch.
?” Castiel asked, trying to make it sound funnier than it actually sounded. Everybody shut up and looked at Castiel in shock. “It was a joke,” he clarified, and Balthazar arched one of his eyebrows in response.
Dean couldn’t understand how shameless she was. “Don’t objectify me,” he replied and smiled. “If I’m going to have angry sex with someone, it’s with my boyfriend. See you!” And with that he shut the door in her face.
“It’s late, Dean, I need to go home,” Castiel said, after some minutes of silence, where they were simply in each other’s space, breathing the same air, Castiel’s face on Dean’s shoulder and Dean’s hands brushing Castiel’s hair. “I have the feeling it’s later than midnight,” he added, sounding asleep.
"Castiel works at Heaven & Associates," Jo answered, finally.
“In every conversation we have, more than once. It’s obvious you were smitten with him, even over the phone. I just didn’t know he was a guy! I’d like seeing your face right now, you may have stars and hearts in your eyes,” he finished, laughing.
“What are you talking about?” he said, suddenly misplaced.
“Let me try to interpret your mumbling… are you suggesting you want me to be his lawyer?” Sam answered, perplexed.
“Do you just want to fool around with him?” Benny asked and Dean shook his head. “So what are you waiting for?” Benny added, taking a saucepan and putting cream and sugar on it. “Prepare the microwave as I’ve told you,” he instructed his friend and Dean did as he was told.
Everything was so simple with Dean: laughing, talking, feeling confident… Castiel didn’t want to wake up from that dream ever again. He looked at his middle, still locked in Dean’s arms (even when neither of them were in danger to fall down) and closed his eyes, sighing.
Dean started sweating profusely, even with how cold the day was outside, and looked at Gabriel and Sam to see their reactions. They were both visibly nervous, and Dean shook his head to both when they saw him. “We are not sharing any more information with you,” he said, firmly. Mary, who was still up in his arms playing with a doll turned to look at him, apparently surprised by the the tone of his voice.
“Maybe it’s because you’re planning to do something for me, something you don’t want to talk about with me no matter how much I ask you to, and I’m feeling really bad about it?” he asked and stopped drinking his coffee. He stood up and picked all his stuff from the table, in silence. When Dean asked him what he was doing, Castiel didn’t turned around and kept on cleaning his dishes. “Don’t worry about me, go to your apartment and get prepared for your workday, I will go to the bakery by foot,” he said and even when Dean reacted immediately and tried to persuade him, Castiel left the house ten minutes later alone and cheesed off.
The guy, already recovered from the surprise, shoved Gabriel away and used his freedom to fix his tie and suit. “I’m here to do my job,” he said, petulantly, “so if you let me...”
he thought, more to himself than to anyone else. However, it looked like he said it outloud, since a second later, an old lady appeared beside him, looking extremely curious.
“No!” Dean answered immediately, louder than intended, if Ash’s expression to him from the table meant something.
Those were the first ones. Castiel rolled his eyes and read the next message.
A sudden and rapturous applause interrupted them and Dean leaned his head on Castiel’s shoulder, sighing in embarrassment.
Alfie considered it before answering.
“We are the closest targets she has, but not anymore… are we?” Jimmy asked, with a smile. He started folding some shirts and denims, putting them in the suitcase. The question was left unanswered, but when Castiel folded a couple of jackets on his own Jimmy looked pleased.
“I came to resume my activities, as it was planned,” Dean replied, maintaining the composure.
Castiel checked his phone; it was two and a quarter now. It meant Dean sent that more than half an hour before. He stood up and went to the kitchen, it was silent and empty, no Dean there. Castiel went to the bathroom then and looked at himself in the mirror. The image was pathetic: sleep bags, eyes half opened, hair completely out of control. He looked at the bathtub and decided that if he was really having lunch with Dean, he couldn't look like a vagrant. He left the telephone at the sink and went for it.
, Castiel called it once. Dean believed it was true.
“I wouldn’t do that,” Dean replied, sneaking a peek at Castiel.
“I’m from Pontiac, Illinois,” Castiel replied, completely comfortable with sharing his information with an absolute stranger.
“I’m…” he coughed but didn’t let Gabriel loose. “I’m…”
Dean wanted to say, simply, but instead closed completely the distance and kissed him, trying to explain the confession he still couldn’t verbalize in a similar way. Castiel responded to his advances in a second, making Dean’s heart beat wildly, and they stayed that way, making out like teenagers, breathing and smiling together, until the knock on the door woke them up from their dream.
“Oh,” Dean replied, surprised. “I would have never taken Gabriel as an artist.”
(5) Here's the reason why I've said to you I'm sharing my heart in this fic. I'm from Argentina, I live in Argentina, and I want Castiel and Dean to collide here, meet and fall in love, surrounded by places I know and are part of my life. Hope you can understand every aspect I try to convey in these words. If you have any doubt, please just tell me and I will be ready to clarify.
I'm absolutely in love with every comment you make, every kudo, and every hit or bookmark.
“Wish me luck,” Dean replied, a little worried.
“But, hey, check it out, all things considered… we ended up winning,” Gabriel added, confidently.
And there it was, the question Dean didn’t know how to answer. Who was Castiel? Castiel was the owner of the bakery he was supposed to convince him to sell, but that somehow was never talked seriously between them. Castiel was his boss’ cousin. Castiel was someone who hid debts in such a way Dean couldn’t figure them out.
” he clarified and Jimmy smirked in realization. “I suppose, if I’m literal, I will lose all the money I’ve been saving these years, and I will lose yours as well… but on the other hand, I can’t breathe while my mother humiliates me. It’s not my intention to feel like that from now on, if I can avoid it...”
“Yes,” confirmed Dean, amazed at how transparent he was about the topic. “Do I mention him that much?”
Zachariah laughed. “You’re one to talk, Gabriel,” he answered. “You’re not much better than him: irresponsible, a womanizer, out of all reason.”
“What do you think?” he asked hours later to Castiel, though, when they were cramped but not uncomfortable in Dean’s childhood bed. The room was dark, and Dean could barely see a thing, but then he perceived Castiel was snoring quietly. “Oh, God, I didn’t want to wake you up, Cas, I didn’t realise you were sleeping…”
“Did something happen, Benny?” he asked in a serious tone and then he saw Dean was in the room as well. It was magical, but at the moment their eyes met, Castiel smiled in such a way that made Dean’s heart constrict. “Hello, Dean,” he said enchanted by Dean’s presence and Dean couldn’t react in a different way when he greeted him back. “Is Benny still teaching you?” he asked then, completely interested in what Dean would say.
“When will you go back to that pigsty place?” Crowley asked, and Dean looked at him dumbstruck. The bakery didn’t look like a bad place to him, but he thought better than pointing that out.
needed sunlight to start performing, after all.”
Castiel Novak was a sybarite. He was a tax-accountant as well, and numbers were what provided him a salary every month, but if he had to be honest with himself (something that didn’t happen too often), he would have chosen to be a chef. He liked food; he enjoyed eating, but mostly experimenting with ingredients, tasting new flavors and savoring every meal or beverage that came his way.
“I need to talk to you,” he replied, taking the bowl from Benny’s hands and placing it in the microwave. He pressed the correct buttons and started the heating process. “And before you say something, I’m not talking to you like I’m waiting for your permission to date Cas, or whatever. I’m talking about something else. I need to have a conversation with you and the rest of the staff in a moment Cas doesn’t know,” Dean cleared up.
, wouldn’t you?” she added, and everybody nodded, except for Castiel.
“Yes, but he is an artist, he’s a free spirit. He was never accepted in the family,” Castiel replied and Dean frowned. “I know, it’s not fair, but Gabriel couldn’t care less. Aunt Naomi was not usually big-hearted, but when my mother died, when I was a kid, she offered my dad Charles a job in the company. I suppose she liked him a little, or at least she suspected he was a good salesman. He worked there for ten years, full-time, and we were happy. He was so good in the job that Naomi gave him that percentage in gratitude, and it could sound a crumb to you, but my dad was happy with the little he could obtain.” Castiel sighed, and Dean pressed his hand on his a little stronger, making Castiel smile. “He travelled a lot for work, sometimes he was required in Europe, or Asia, to lure potential clients. When I was eighteen, he went to Rome. That’s where he died. Car accident. You know, he worked a lot and had millions of places to visit in a limited period of time. I was young, and I’ve always made bad decisions under pressure, so I sold our house to my Aunt to pay the body transfer, and the funeral taxes, and some debts my father had. I kept the rest of the money, though it was not much. I know,” he said, when Dean made an attempt to talk. “I was stupid. My grandmother didn’t want me to, but I did anyway. Aunt Naomi has always been a miser, but it’s not like she enjoyed the property for long. She died months later. Are you shocked already?” he asked, sounding embarrassed.
“To be honest, we mostly did data entry, we were practically slaves, and had no time to study at all,” Kevin continued. “But the pay was good and we needed it to help our moms.” Dean remembered they told him once, in between bickering and coffees, that Claire’s mother was a widow and Kevin’s was a single parent. He could understand the pressure. “Once, at the end of the first semester of college, we both couldn’t do it, and failed a couple of exams. My mom got really angry with me, so I went to see my boss to discuss my situation, to see if I could work a little less every day, I don’t know, to make an agreement with him. He agreed with me, only if I went to Castiel’s bakery in the hours I would use to study to be there and you know… to act as a spy as well, basically.”
“Just because I didn’t fucking say hi?” Dean answered, astonished.
"No, I wasn’t," he admitted, kissing Castiel again, with the same passion as before. "We should stop now, though. We also said it would be just one…" he added when they parted for the second time, sighing. He gave a last perk on Castiel’s lips and stood up from the bed, abandoning his personal space. Castiel already missed his touch.
“Let’s go get some drinks in our grandma’s honor. Do you want to?” Gabriel asked, and Castiel agreed.
"Castiel, I know you won’t like this, darling, but I need you to go to McDonalds and bring us 7 Happy Meals," Charlie said, as if it were nothing, keeping a pokerface.
And Dean thought a lot of different things about that. Things that made him feel butterflies in his stomach, things that made him happy, things that scared him. But, once again, Robert Plant explained it way better than he could ever do.
“Yes,” Claire answered, self-sufficient.
The first one was the almighty dollar, and he gave them all a big and long discussion in regard to how to spend it. The main issue was that while Gabriel and Balthazar insisted on buying a ticket in first class, Castiel claimed he was more than fine with just an economy seat.
“I’m not understanding,” Dean said and Castiel shrugged his shoulders.
a street
shit,” Gabriel replied, sounding a little bewildered by Castiel’s stubbornness. “I don’t get why you hate yourself so much, to the point it apparently makes you deaf and blind. We’re here because we care about you, all of us, and because we really want you to be happy. I said we need to discuss what we will do with you because we want something
And Dean couldn’t say that was a lie. When he arrived at the bakery, with Sarah insisting she wanted to meet it and Sam insisting he wanted to visit
Castiel sighed, as loud as he could, in order to be heard by his mother. “I don’t think that will be possible. I’m not available at the moment.”
“I’m asking you out,” Dean confirmed, however, and both guys smiled nervously at the statement. “Would you go out with me tonight, Castiel Novak?” he asked, playfully.
“Are… well,” Dean tried to say, fearing the question would be out of place. “Are you sure you want to try talking with her? I mean… she will probably be mean to you…”
Claire stayed by the door, looking at Dean. “I’m sorry too,” she said, her eyes wet. “I’ve been particularly hypocritical with you all this time. Perhaps it was that I saw myself in you and that made me judge you,” she acknowledged, mortified, but Dean preferred staying quiet. “Did I ever tell you Castiel has the same eyes and hair color that my dad used to have?” she tried and Dean shook his head slowly. “That’s why I call him uncle, but I never told him.”
“Yes, I do,” replied Dean, thinking it was yet the beginning of a new quarrel between them. “It doesn’t mean I believed it at that time, or that I think it now. I was pissed.”
Castiel placed the folk on his plate and considered his answer a little. “I think you should call your brother, and say sorry,” he decided. “That would allow him to make an apology of his own, and you two to mend your relationship. It won’t be easy or quick, it’ll probably be a slow and rocky journey, but eventually it will happen. I don’t think either of you want to be like this forever, and you will be an uncle. Babies always bring the best out in people, perhaps it’s the moment for you.”
“Kid,” Bobby groaned. “Guess better, use your academic brain properly or I’m ending this conversation.”
“Well, if that’s the case I could leave you at Plaza Lavalle,” Benny resolved. “As far as I know all the hotels are in the suburbs, so you won’t have a problem finding yours, or another one.”
“Good afternoon, sir, here’s your menu, I will come back in a couple of minutes...” she started saying, reciting the speech she always repeated.
Dean hoped Crowley couldn’t tell how he couldn’t seem to catch his breath. “I had fever, and an intense throat ache,” he lied and prayed to all the Gods he didn’t believe in to please help him.
“At this point, you know what I think,” Jimmy replied, when they were left alone. Amelia went to the kitchen, excusing herself and saying she needed to drink water, but Castiel knew it was a tall tale. He looked at his brother, who went on. “I don’t want you to think that I’m forcing you or that I won’t miss you… I will, immensely, and I will have a hard time explaining to Claire that you won’t be able to have big movie marathons with her for a while…” he paused, and Castiel felt tears in his eyes, as well as in Jimmy’s. Castiel rubbed his hand against his face, trying not to cry. It was useless. “But you know as well that mother won’t leave you alone. And when the Daphne phase is over, if we are lucky enough, she will find something else to pester you with… or
The driver was as opulent as the car he arrived with. Tall, with dirty blonde hair, wearing an elegant black suit and a red tie. He was wearing sunglasses, and in Castiel’s opinion, he looked like a supermodel, as ridiculous as that sounded.
“It’s late, we should already be sleeping. I suppose it will be better if we speak about this tomorrow. You don’t have to say
It was Krissy, and Castiel discovered it was not only her that was watching them with a joyful expression in her face, but all the important people in Castiel’s life, including Sam, Sarah and their beautiful daughter, who had come to visit them some days ago. Now Castiel understood why.
Castiel understood and shook his head. “I have no problems with the music group,” he said. “It’s something else.”
That was part of the past, though, so he sighed deeply and got out of the car in order to prove it. Every step to the main door of Gabriel’s house was accompanied by several heartbeats Dean was sure the dog that was running at the other side of the street could hear. He was extremely nervous, to the point he didn’t even try to use his breathing exercises. Fuck them. “They never work when I need them,” he thought when he arrived to the door, sighing deeply one last time.
“I’m not happy for me, I’m happy for the hot women my cousin will meet,” he tried.
Castiel furrowed his brows at the answer and coughed nervously. Gabriel never apologized, much less with such seriousness. “I’m on the train, like I always am at this time of the day… I have to head back to Pontiac—”
Castiel found himself confused, but he knew something: his turn was over and he was obstructing the whole queue standing there like a statue. The cashier didn’t attempt to watch him again so he left his spot and walked to the door, thinking about what had happened.  When he was outside, he barely noticed the cold. He walked to the office, trying to find answers. He didn’t even notice Sam yelling at him, trying to catch his attention to initiate a new conversation.
Castiel closed his eyes, remembering as much as he could the brochure he had been reading again and again for the last twenty four hours… “
“What do you want?” Dean said, coldly. Any reminisce with Zachariah’s tone was a coincidence.
“Your idea? What do you mean by
At some point in the discussion that was happening inside the office, someone walked in. “Oh, I must have imagined it! Dean Winchester in the flesh!” Crowley said sarcastically. “I was so interested in your potential… what a waste,” he added and entered the room. He didn’t care to greet Sam or at least share a glance with him.
“I think I remember your voice from somewhere. I don’t know. Sorry,” Dean said, feeling like an idiot. Castiel said nothing back and that increased the sensation. “Look, I…” he paused, “I can assure you you’re not the only one feeling disturbed by this whole thing. I promise. I just… please, let me explain this in person. Can I come to your store so I can talk to you?” Dean tried, and the silence that followed uneased him.
Jimmy made a gesture with his hand, diminishing its importance. “Tomorrow is Sunday, after driving you to the airport, we will go somewhere else,” he said, and Castiel looked at him clueless. “I was thinking about
Benny left the bowl at the counter and looked at Dean, with a serious expression. “I’ve noticed, Winchester. Sorry, I know you’re trying really hard. I’m just messing with you, because you work up easily and it’s funny to see.”
“I’m not
Charlie looked at Castiel as if the question has personally offended her.
Madison sighed, sounding tired of the conversation.
“Who may I say it’s calling?” she said.
“It cannot be tomorrow, it has to be now, Cas,” Dean pleaded.
“It's not surprising, it’s almost Christmas,” Castiel replied, curling up on Dean even more.
“Perfect,” Castiel decided, without a problem and left the room. He called at Charlie he would be coming back in a while and disappeared outside.
“I won’t discuss my debts with you, Dean,” he said, adamantly.
“You are—” Castiel tried, but the guy interrupted him with a new joke.
"You understand? It means you’re the one cooking my meals everyday!! You have no idea how much I love your cooking style!" Castiel said then, breaking the hug and taking Dean’s face with his both hands. "You’re the love of my life!" he declared then and let go, sitting in his stool again.
"Are you for real, Cas?" he said, completely astonished. "It’s 5:30 in the morning, I don’t want coffee or tea, I want you to go to sleep."
“You never knew me,” Dean replied, instead, and looked at Crowley. “He must had suspected it, a little at least, because he warned me once or twice before suspending me.” Zachariah’s face was priceless, he had no idea of Crowley’s behaviour. Dean was being lucky. “I’d suggest you to talk with your business managers more often.”
or the weirdest one,
Bela looked unaffected, though. “Perfect. So you are not going to be able to ask for my services at all,” she replied, apathetic. “I don’t work for your leftovers, my darling. I procure unique information to my viewers.”
“Dude,” Dean answered, belittling his brother even when his heart was racing like a bat out of hell. “You’re out of your mind, you have no idea what you’re talking about…”
, as you say,” Jimmy replied, as calmly as he could. “She wanted me to marry Megan, specifically because she was the pastor’s niece. I wouldn’t have married her for anything in the world, Hester, and you know perfectly well why,”
Dean saw in Gabriel's gaze how he was feeling more and more cornered with every sentence spoken in the room. Dean couldn’t deny, even when it was not the main aim he pursued with his visit there, he felt a little victorious with that.
“They made a kickass job, taking into account they made it in a few hours,” he said and Castiel took one of them. Beside the old
Then an awkward silence invaded their space and neither of them knew how to break it. Castiel started playing with his glass and Dean moved his fingers over the table, but somehow they never stopped staring to each other. Castiel felt it was kind of magnetic, he couldn’t help it and they didn’t want it to stop. Somehow he knew Dean felt the same way, and that pushed him to decide he would say whatever he wanted to say. It was his dream and he would make it happy.
the screen showed. Dean sat on the sofa and unlocked the phone. Big was his surprise when he discovered it was not from work but from Castiel.
Balthazar took Castiel’s hand, making him feel calmer. “Cassie, they do, what you’re saying is nonsense. Breathe in and breathe out. It’s not a bad choice, if you ask me. People there seem okay to me. You still have the second raffle, though. Don’t get overstressed.”
Castiel rolled his eyes and that made Dean laugh again.
“Well… to answer your
The house was seriously distinctive; lilac, blue, purple tiles, and some black details here and there. Looking at it, Dean started to experience a sudden panic. He was soon to face Gabriel Novak. The day he had been fearing since all those weeks ago had finally come. Dean’s relationship with him was tense and wary when they met at the bakery, it never got better since that punch, and Dean suspected that the little guy hated his guts. And with good reason, if Dean was completely honest with himself, taking into account how he appeared in their lives for the first time and the work he was supposed to perform.
Balthazar stood up and took Castiel in a big hug, surprising him. “You will do great, I’m sure you will…” he said to Castiel as they embraced.
Dean was over the moon, and not even Sam’s teases and jokes after they left Sarah and Castiel behind were enough for him to land.
“What is covered?” Castiel thrusted.
"So, yes."
“Mom and dad?” Sam asked, sounding surprised. “How in the world can you know that?”
"Way better," Castiel confirmed, and suddenly the atmosphere felt awkward between them, as if this was the first time they had talked to one another or their current positions made them feel uncomfortable. Castiel noticed that Dean was extremely nervous.
"It was not my intention, I swear," she said. "I only wanted you to have something good in your life for once and-" she pointed out, been interrupted by a second voice, who Castiel recognized as the guy sitting to his side.
“Aren’t you...” Dean doubted. “Aren’t you mad at me because I’m doing this?” he asked.
“No,” Dean answered, but he doubted that.
“Benny? Why the hell are you picking up the phone?” Dean said before he could help it.
“Someone who hates my brother and could scare him?” Gabriel asked and Dean nodded. “Everybody hates him unless he gives them enough money to buy their loyalty.”
“Thirteen months,” Kevin confirmed, even redder than before. “We didn’t lie, we just… hid it,” Charlie chuckled sounding disappointed. “I know, it’s basically the same… we are sorry, Charlie.”
Hannah rolled her eyes. “What you said to her was rude,” she answered.
“Why don’t you say
"He is an accountant there," Jo told him again.
♥ Mini Birthday Cake →
“Make up will do you good,” she decided. “Seriously, leave. I have patients waiting that are really sick. Your sickness is somewhere else, and your palms told me you will figure it out in time.”
Their schedule was simple and they tried to stick to it as much as possible. They had assigned their different tasks really well, likewise, and that allowed them to work like clockwork. Castiel was proud of his team.
“I will do my best in any job you ask me to do, sir,” Dean emphasized anyway, to be sure his loyalty to the firm was clear.
“Just do it, please. You will understand when you see,” Dean replied and the conversation was over. Dean stayed quiet at his place in the porch, replaying their mutual confessions in his mind. Again and again. When Sam tapped his shoulder, Dean almost jumped.
“Yes, I know, I just didn’t remember he was…” Castiel replied, staring at Dean with a new expression on his face. Was it hope? Dean couldn’t tell, but he liked how it looked in him. “Congratulations, Sam. It requires intelligence and determination equally, which are remarkable features for a young man like you.”
“Shut up, bitch,” he answered before saying their goodbyes.
“But I am…” Castiel insisted. “Look Dean, I know you’re plotting something and it has to do with me, and even when you know I want to know why, you still don’t tell me,” Dean tried to interrupt but Castiel didn’t let him. “It’s okay, I understand the surprise element you’re trying to perform here, even when I don’t like it. But it’s not something I’d like to repeat if we are a long-term couple, which is what I pretend us to be. So promise me next time you plan to do something as big as I suppose this is, you will come and tell me.”
“Perhaps,” Castiel teased. “Usually I don’t get references, but Claire obliged me to watch the whole saga months ago.”
had its turn, and Dean felt Castiel’s intense stare on him, he wished they were in an entirely different place. Naked under the stars, preferably.
"How come we work… what… five or six blocks apart and we’ve never met before?" Dean asked later, and Castiel thought that if this was the real world he would want to know the same thing.
…” he added, taking Castiel’s suitcase and preparing it to walk. He looked at Castiel with a charming smile and winked. “Would you let me carry one of your suitcases?” Castiel accepted with his body language quicker than he could process the answer with his brain and took the backpack, putting it on his back. The guy shook his head and took the backpack, putting it on Castiel’s chest. “We want to avoid being robbed again, don’t we?” he said and winked again, before starting the walk. Castiel smiled and accommodated the backpack better.
“Can we go with you at the bakery today?” Isabella asked after they paid and got into the Impala again. “Mom is sick in bed, probably she wants to sleep and all Noah does lately is running in the living room when he has no homework to do…”
Castiel stopped him from saying something else by kissing him again. This time, though, it was everything but chaste. Dean tilted his head a little to improve the angle, deepening the experience between them. They were both out of practice, but neither of them cared, moaning as they bit at each other’s lips hungrily. They closed the space between them even more, to the point that they were hugging. They only got slightly separated when the kiss was over. They were human, after all, and needed to breathe at some point.
“I know,” Gabriel ratified. “We will sign a new restraining order and he won’t be able to bother you again. And if that guy appears,” Gabriel added thinking about Zachariah’s employee, “I will kick him in the balls, it will hurt him more.”
“Please, sir, I’m explaining the situation here. If you would mind stop interrupting me it would be quicker for us,” Sam replied, impassible. Dean thought it was remarkable. “First of all, taking into account my brother has been working here for five years, I don’t think it’s considerate from you, or even legal to replace him without a notification. He had worked all these years more than eight hours a day. In average, it was from twelve to fourteen, even in weekends, and his pay was never modified. No overtime, working under the table. All aggravations in his labor contract. He has expressed to me he was threaten to instigate a third party to do something against their will. Said task had nothing to do with his job as an accountant. Again, an aggravation.”
"Are you deaf?" Dean answered again, even more frustrated than before. "Let’s start with how you know him."
“I like you, too, Dean,” Castiel managed to say and he noticed how Dean’s silhouette was moving nervously by the door, changing his pose every two seconds. Good to know he was not the only one.
“We won’t!” Gabriel screamed cheekily, and stole one last smile from Castiel, before disappearing completely from his view, at the other side of the escalator.
Zachariah made a face of disgust, and Dean thought he had screwed up, until his boss answered him, “Castiel’s shop is by far the less valued property of the block,” he said. “We will be offering him a maximum of fifty thousand dollars.”
Finally his life was looking promising. Finally he had found his
“WHY DOES SHE GIVE THIS IMBECILE A PROPERTY AND GIVES ME NOTHING?!?” Zachariah screamed, while Frank asked his secretary to call security.
“Stop it with the noise, it’s not a maraca,” Balthazar complained and Gabriel groaned.
“Good afternoon, sir,” Castiel said, trying to sound like a normal human being, and it was like the magical spell that left them both motionless broke at that exact moment.
He took the keys, and got out of the house. It was snowing more than he imagined, dense snowflakes wetting his leather jacket. Dean was without an umbrella and he would probably get all soaked when he arrived Castiel’s house again, but he couldn’t care less.
“Why are you laughing with him, Castiel? He is your enemy!” she said and the shop owner groaned, stopping the connection.
Castiel smiled. “Love is a big word, Johanna. It’s just a crush,” headded.
“I’ve brought pizza, and the ganache as I promised I would,” Castiel smirked quietly. “I’ve brought all the stuff I want to tell you, I have surprises…”
The guy stood up with difficulty, keeping the hand on his nose and the other one on his knee. “Leave!” Gabriel repeated, ignoring the attempts Benny was making in order to move him away. Instead, he closed the distance between him and the guy and pushed him outside the bakery.
“Are you playing amateur psychologist with me?” Dean replied nervously, but Sam said nothing. “I know because I know, dude. I have no idea! I…” he paused. “I’ve always liked him I think. He is awesome, Sam, like you know, his features, bodily. He is really fuckable, really! The night after I met him I dreamt he put me on…”
Castiel looked visibly flustered and looked down, ending their stare. Dean found out he didn’t want to. “It’s just,” Castiel answered. “We just have one another, we’re the only family left in each other’s lives.”
,” she winked at him and Castiel sighed again as a proof of disappointment.
“I know that,” Castiel answered. “You’re just doing what you were told to, this is why I answered the phone. But since you are working man, you must understand we are as well, and your insistence is worrying people who don’t deserve to be worried. You were told to trick us so I can give my cousin this property for free and leave us all unemployed…” he paused and sighed. “Tell him, please, as soon as you can, that it won’t be happening so we can end this chasing,” he requested, directly.
Silence invaded Castiel’s dream again, but this time it was a lighter one.
Both guys leaned their backs on the wall of the bakery and stayed in silence for a while.
“A meeting with lasagna? Have I heard right?” Castiel interrupted, saving Dean from another dirty joke. He walked from the kitchen with a big smile in his face, as if nothing had happened and they hadn’t been caught in the middle of a situation minutes ago. Sometimes Dean wondered how the hell he did it, it was a distinctive attribute.
. Castiel had no idea what they were talking about. He had been in his own world since the moment he had the revelation. However, he smiled at his friends, in order not to worry them too much.
In the past, if asked about it, Castiel would have said that he was destined to be a delinquent debtor forever, perpetually single and wretched. However, he was glad to admit he had been wrong. Nowadays, Castiel couldn’t complain about his life at all. It was prosperous and happy.
“Don’t start with that shit, Dean,” Sam lectured. “You’re not the King of Hell for God’s sake, you’re a human being who committed mistakes just like everybody else does. Don’t blame yourself too much. Castiel may be predisposed to be in trouble, which includes you, but he is not doing as bad as you may think he is. Yeah, he has debts with a lot of people and the local government, but he is making animals happy and he is helping to cure children at the same time. It’s stupid for his financial situation, I know, but it’s especially remarkable at the same time,” he concluded and Dean agreed. “And as far as you are concerned,” Sam added, “I think he is fixing you in an almost supernatural way,” he said and Dean chuckled at how ridiculous it sounded. “I’m telling you this seriously; you have no idea how much you’ve changed since the last time we talked before our rift, all those months ago,” he continued and Dean felt a knot in his throat. He didn’t want to keep on crying, though. “Every time we talk over the phone you’ve improved a little more for the better, Dean. This guy I’m talking to right now is the closest to the brother I used to know that I’ve talked in years. That guy, he really performs miracles.”
,” he finished.
"Yes, I mean no, I don’t want anything else to drink or eat but…" Castiel sighed. "I need… if you can tell Dean I need to talk with him… please?" he added and somehow it sounded like a beg in Castiel’s ears.
, I have no blood relationship with your offspring,” Castiel replied clueless and Dean had no other choice but to laugh at that. Benny joined him and Castiel frowned, his brows furrowing. “What?” he asked, somehow pissed by their reactions. Dean stopped laughing and hugged him.
“Dean Winchester loves Castiel Novak,” Gabriel recited with sarcasm, and Mary laughed in the background.
She protested for half an hour, telling them she had a lawyer too, but when she realized no threat would be enough for Sam, and the air time of her tv show was getting closer and closer, she finally signed the paper and left the house.
The last part of the trip was a little more messy for Castiel. It turned out that Colombian black coffee and Mexican tequila were not a good combination for his stomach when imbibed in a short period of time (or for his head), so he passed most of the time at the plane tossing and turning around in the seat. For his misfortune, it was difficult for him to find a comfortable position and stay quiet, therefore he couldn’t fall asleep until after the third hour of flight. When he woke up, according to what the map was saying, they were already in Argentinian territory, yet the flight wouldn’t be over for another hour.
When Sam parted, he returned his hand immediately to Sarah’s again, and Dean, that hadn’t let go on Cas in any second didn’t feel as mawkish as he thought he was before.
Dean thought.
He watched Castiel fill her order with a smile, handing the box to Jody who had her wallet at the ready.
“Because you needed to sleep, that’s why. It’s Saturday, Cassie. It’s not that you have an engagement dinner to attend or a great escape to another country to perform…” Gabriel replied, because he couldn’t help being a joker.
nervous,” Castiel replied, sighing deeply.
“It’s true!” Dean agreed. “I don’t remember the last time I ate mayo… I don’t remember the last time I did a lot of stuff,” he confessed, mouth full. That behavior was so Old Dean that it hurt his pride to realise he was enjoying it.
“I need my position in the company,” he said seconds later, more proving a point to himself than answering Castiel.
Dean read, his anger evident,
“I have no idea, Gabe. I fell asleep in the middle of the journey. I will have to check…”
“Use mine,” Dean said, surprising even himself with the offer. In his teenage days he didn’t let anyone drive it, not even Sam or Bobby. But it looked like now he was correcting not only his contemporary defects but also his former ones, everything in the name of love. Bono would be really proud of him.
The guy smiled and shook his head affectionately. Then he stood up. “I know a place you will probably like. Good rooms, polite receptionists, warming atmosphere… I guess that’s what you’re needing.”
“Finally!” she said once Castiel arrived, and hugged him strongly. Castiel hugged her back because there was no way he wouldn’t do it. She was kooky, but lovely. “I thought I would freeze to death waiting for you!” She scrubbed her hands vigorously.
“When you came back home last night you were wearing it,” Dean replied, as if it wasn’t as important as it definitely was.
,” he said into the awkwardly quiet room. Jo was the first one who burst into laughter. Ellen and Castiel himself followed her lead seconds later, Bobby preferring to chuckle while shaking his head. Dean remained surprised, looking at Castiel with a dumb expression on his face, as if he was a jack-in-the-box. “Wake up, Dean, I’ve made a joke,” Castiel added and Dean chose to attack his friend with a breadcrumbs’ ball as a response, leading to a general laugh, again.
And then someone else clicked in Dean’s head. But it was impossible. Completely and absolutely impossible. Why would he do that? Why would he help him in such a way? It was not possible, but Dean couldn’t think of someone else.
“I didn’t ask over the phone because I was angry at you, I confess, so sorry about that,” Castiel said and Dean arched his eyebrows, in surprise. He had no idea what Castiel was saying. “How is your nose?” He clarified.
The rest of the day went by in a flash, working non-stop and listening to Dean announcing their engagement to every customer that had crossed the door.
“Hey, babe, my leg is as fucking asleep, as you apparently are as well, let me move it,” he said but Castiel gave no signs of listening to him at all, which at some point Dean was grateful about since he had no idea where that
Two months and a couple of interviews later, Dean signed his contract as a junior accountant for the company. His brother Sam, as well as their foster family (Robert, his wife Ellen and her daughter Johanna) couldn’t be more proud of him, and organized a big party to celebrate Dean’s achievement. If Dean was asked about it, he would say that was one of the last opportunities he saw all his family together in the same room at the same time.
“Keep on reading, sir. Aloud,” Crowley insisted, with a tone that didn’t allow Dean to say no.
“Don’t overstress yourself that much,” Benjamin said, stopping the car in another red light.
“Look at this, Dean, Noah made me a tattoo!” Castiel said, and shown Dean the doodle Benny’s kid made on his forearm. Dean had no idea what it was supposed to be and asked exactly that to the bakery owner. “I have no idea what it is,” he answered. “He didn’t want to delve into it. Isabella told me he has started showing interest in pirates and vampires, it’s a weird combination, but perhaps… these can be the canines, you see?” he pointed at something that Dean decoded as a simple scrawl. Perhaps he just had no talent for art.
“Fuck,” he said, while watching the page had some member pictures on it, but the Castiel Novak one, as well as the one of another guy called Kevin Tran, were not available. Dean hovered the mouse on the Castiel spot, trying to reload the picture, then right clicking on it, and refreshing the page, with no results. Both pictures were inaccessible.
) and nodded, replying: “Good morning to you too! I don’t think distracted is the right word, to be honest. It’s just that I was obliged by my co-workers to go there,” he pointed at the big M that appeared bright and clear some meters away from them with his head, “and I couldn’t say no.”
“Hi, Casty,” he said and Castiel cringed inside. He hated to be called that, and he had asked Bartholomew please not to do it, on multiple occasions, without any result. “Are you going to your shop?” he asked and Castiel nodded; given the time of the day it was obvious where he was headed, and there was a part in Castiel that prevented him from being impolite. “I’m heading to work too, we can walk together,” he decided without any previous consultation, placing himself besides Castiel and walking on his rhythm.
“Call me Bart,” he interrupted.
Bobby was in the kitchen, stirring the sauce and the meatballs. He received Dean with a smile and no tears, but that was Bobby’s personality, and Dean couldn’t be more glad to enjoy his stoicism in first person again.
“I hope,” Dean said, realizing he meant it, without a doubt. He wished Castiel was boyfriend material for him, and there was no reason to deny that, not anymore, at least not to himself.
“He didn’t come exclusively to see the family, Cas,” Dean replied. At the other side of the phone Castiel was muttering things Dean didn’t get, in between some
“A play that happens every day, and never fails to be pathetic,” Benny said and Kevin nodded, while polishing the cups and glasses. Claire was cleaning the tables and taking down the chairs.
“I suppose that’s up to us,” Castiel answered confidently, placing the tray on the floor, in between Dean and himself, sitting again and looking at him with an intensity Dean was starting to feel used to, and enjoy. He took the cellphone and dialed Gabriel’s number. “Perhaps he has an idea where I left the keys,” he said to Dean (who had completely forgotten about them), but after that remained silent, clearly waiting for his cousin to pick up. He tried twice, without success. “He must have turned it off,” Castiel said then and stopped the call. “I will try Charlie,” he added, putting sugar in his cup and stirring it with his coffee spoon. Again and again Castiel ended up reaching voicemail, his expression becoming tight with frustration all over his features. “I don’t know where they are,” he complained, “probably asleep, it’s late,” he added looking at his watch.
“What are you talking about, Dean?” Castiel asked but Dean didn’t stop his monologue.
Dean stared at her speechless for a moment. He wanted to yell at her a little, but if he had learned something over the course of those months was the power of seconds chances. “You and me, kid, it looks that we are similar,” Dean replied, with a shy smile. “Feeling ashamed of working at the same place… experiencing strong feelings for someone without telling them…”
“Wow,” Castiel said, walking to the door, his eyes never leaving the construction. He immediately liked the atmosphere. It was both modern and archaic, with a big spanish restaurant on the first floor. “I like this,” he said and looked at the guy, whose honest smile indicated he was glad by Castiel’s reaction. “Do you think I will be able to find a room?” he asked and the guy nodded.
“Nothing, just, you know, his usual requests,” Castiel answered, apologetic. “Only this time he said since I always say
Now he was part of his own dreams with Dean. Amazing.
“Featherweight, indeed,” Dean commented, however, in the same tone. That gained him a new laugh from his receptor, and Dean unknowingly decided to accompany him this time, chuckling like he hadn’t done in ages.
“Her anecdotes about Gabriel ended being funny after the third one,” she muttered to Dean. “I’m only standing her because of you,” she added, and Dean felt his stomach constricting, a little responsible for everything that was happening at that moment.
Claire’s expression suggested she was amused. Castiel knew her very well, she was on the verge of laughing at the guy’s face, but avoiding it as much as she could.
He left the photos behind, and kept on turning the pages. He looked at the address of the bakery, then, and froze. Santa Fe Drive… Bobby’s repair shop was there! Now that he remembered it, Bobby’s place was exactly in front of the bakery.
“I couldn’t wait any longer, alright?” Dean answered bewildered and Sam chuckled while taking the car’s handle. “Won’t you ride shotgun?” Dean asked when he saw Sam was waiting at the back door.
Dean was speechless at that.
“This… this whole thing,” Dean said, making a gesture with his arms, encompassing the kitchen. “I seriously don’t want to explain it more than once, Benny, I want to save time and get everyone together to brainstorm, I…” he breathed. “I need Cas out of the bakery for a while today. I need an excuse.”
Instead, he asked, “Why?”
Dean stayed silent for a couple of blocks. “He suspects I’m doing something,” he said, changing the subject a little. “And he is sad I have to come back to Sandover tomorrow. He likes me there in the bakery.”
Castiel was shaking, he never made such a decision out of nowhere, but at the same time, nothing felt more correct to do than that. The cellphone rang as soon as the last message was announced to be sent and read.
He looked at it for a while, completely captivated, until his cellphone rang in his shirt. Castiel looked everywhere for a bench, sitting in the first one he found.
“It’s a pleasure,” Castiel finished, and Dean suspected he had closed his eyes as well. Dean mumbled goodnight to him, Castiel grumbling his own seconds later. Dean felt asleep while wishing for his nights to be like that from that moment on.
“Because I went somewhere to convince them of selling their property to Sandover,” Dean answered, raising his face. “I couldn’t see the owner as I was supposed to, but someone else discovered what I wanted to do and reacted like this,” he finished.
natural talent, if anything. “It’s just…” he tried, changing the subject. “I'm afraid your joke somehow hit close to home…” he said, the frankness astonishing even himself. “I’ve not abandoned anyone, though. I promise.”
He drove all the way to Castiel’s bakery completely mesmerized by the sound of Led Zeppelin. He didn’t remember the last time he stopped working just for a couple of hours and listened to the music he genuinely liked.
“Now, move your hand a little, unless you’re practicing to be a gargoyle,” Gabriel said, and moved Castiel’s hand until it rested on the desk.
“About you, dumbass!” Jo said, absolutely thrilled. “He told me about the meeting, and how you asked for his number, and the note you wrote him. You’re really romantic, and gay, brother.”
“Sorry,” Charlie expressed apologetically, walking to his side. “I tried to persuade her…”
“Dean, did you drug him last night or something?” Ash asked with his usual outburst of honesty.
“Let’s go inside, I’m hungry and cold,” he said.
“Good morning Charlie, my name is Dean Winchester, I may need to talk with Castiel Novak,” he said, and waited a couple of seconds until the women answered to him again, in a more suspicious tone.
“What do you want, Johanna? How did you know I was here?” he asked when they were alone.
“...this guy here is saying you will go out with him tonight instead of me,” he continued ignoring Castiel’s reply completely. “Since when would you choose someone as boring as him?” he finished, laughing at his own joke.
Castiel stared at Hester. She looked completely out of her element.
“How much does the bakery cost?” Dean asked before he could restrain himself.
," as Balthazar suggested). Castiel couldn’t remember if her name started with an A, or with a B… or with a Z. He only remembered raising his eyebrows and telling them, right in front of the girl, “
“A stitch in time saves nine, my lovely Cassie,” Gabriel replied, and Castiel couldn’t say he didn’t agree with that. Naomi could be really dangerous when she wanted to, and clearly she wouldn’t receive the news well when Castiel disappeared.
“I cannot believe they told you about our family struggles, it’s personal,” Castiel said, looking terribly angry. Dean didn’t like that look on him, but he was not in a position to fix it, either. He glanced around and realized the bakery’s employees were glaring daggers at him, and gulped when the redheaded girl made her way over to them.
“It doesn’t matter, Cas, there are more important things in this world to pay attention to,” he said. “Just do me a favor and don’t ever change,” he finished and turned around. He started walking in the direction of his car, and tried not to look back at Castiel.
“The other day Crowley asked me what my course of action was,” Dean replied, something clicking in his head. “In regards of my job with you, you know? He asked me why I was spending so much time here… I didn’t understand how he knew at that moment, now I do,” he chuckled and Castiel ran a gentle hand through his hair. “To escape, I told him I was playing the friends card with you, I felt so shitty about that. I still do. I tried to fool myself all this time, thinking I was not like Bartholomew, that it was just a thing in my manners and I could be better... and we’re practically the same. I’m such an idiot.”
"We said it would be a small one," Dean said, smiling and still gasping for air. That made Castiel open his eyes and meet with Dean’s, with their foreheads pressed together again. Dean’s look was glowing, enamored, and Castiel wondered if Dean was thinking the same way about his.
“Is this important?” Zachariah interrupted, angering Frank in the process.
"Even if your mother thinks that bad of me, tell her I think she is the best cook I’ve ever had the pleasure of meeting,” Castiel answered, opening the box.
Zachariah smiled, and far from being comforting, Dean thought he was about to be hypnotized by his duplicity.
“The kids can make it without you for half an hour, Superman,” Benny replied. “I’m here as well as Dean if they need help, we will do it. I’m asking you because Andrea is queasy in bed, so she can’t use the car, and we are in the middle of some bakes that require our attention, aren’t we, Dean?” Dean looked at Benny confused and tensed by the inclusion but agreed with him anyway. “My kids like you, brother, you’re like the crazy aunt they love sharing moments with.”
“Yeah, for instance right now, all naked,” Bobby pointed out and Dean felt his face burning. He couldn’t counterattack with anything else before his father started talking again. “Rubbing one against the other and whatever else you do…”
“Why?” Gabriel retorted. “Because you’re a little weird and socially awkward? Everybody is weird in their own way, you’re nothing special for that. If anything, you’re special for being a great person considering your family tree.”
Charlie winked at him, “I got it covered, cowboy,” she replied, jokingly and patting them both on their backs.
The phone vibrated again and Castiel looked at it with desperation. He took it and pressed the button to turn the screen on. “
Dean fondled Castiel hair for the last time and walked to the bedroom’s door. “You have the keys at the kitchen counter, if you want to leave in the morning, or something,” Castiel said, unsure of it was a good thing to say.
as he called it, focusing all his attention to help both Castiel and Bobby with their businesses. In the meantime, he won contacts here and there, and by the end of the year he had a promising list of potential clients. Dean was happy, Castiel could tell.
We considered murder and kidnap—”
“And what kind of guarantee do I have that I will find that in another country, of all places?” Castiel insisted, his heart beating like crazy against his chest.
Dean closed his eyes, and lost himself for a while in dreams of chocolate, families and things he hadn’t realized up to that point he’d missed. That’s when the cell phone rang, and he had to look for it in the tangled mess that was his blanket. When he finally found it, he picked it up without looking at who it was.
"I wish I could, but everybody is waiting for some toys that place is giving with orders and they are really insistent with that," Castiel replied.
“I’m sorry,” the guy said, sounding regretful. “It was just a silly thing to cheer you up, dude. I supposed in between the mug and whoever was just pestering you over the phone, you felt horrible so I… fuck...” he sighed and paused. “I shouldn’t have assumed anything. I’m an asshole that doesn’t know when to shut up. I didn’t want to hurt your feelings, I swear, it’s none of my business anyway, who was calling you. I’m a busybody—”
“Whenever you want, Mrs. Singer,” Castiel answered. “The bakery’s door is always open for you,” he added and Ellen blew him a kiss in response.
“Cooperate with what?” Castiel asked. “I know she has teamed with you somehow because you asked me to watch her show, and I did, but I have no idea why…”
“I know,” Dean replied, turning his eyes from Gabriel to his wife, again and again. “And I don’t want to have an irked relationship with him, to be honest,” he continued, pointing at Gabriel, “because I seriously want to be part of Castiel’s life and that includes his cousin and his family as well. I don’t want to be an obstacle.”
Dean doubted, but immediately regained his confidence. “I will only answer that kind of questions to your boss, miss, so I hope you can pass me to—”
“Whatever you think it will be best,” Dean answered. “Your food will turn me fat, I’ve already told you,” he added, cheekily.
“Don’t be angry with me, I’m not the one who lost it,” Dean replied and moved to write in the notebook again. Castiel knew he hadn’t said that with a bad intention, but it hurt.
Dean did as he was told, completely shocked. Although, when he started walking, he kicked the first cubicle of the communal office in rage, making the child that worked there jump. “Sorry Adam,” Dean said and kept on walking. Sam and Gabriel were already looking at him, with wary expressions. “There is already a guy in my fucking office!” he said when they met and Gabriel shook his head.
“Who are you going to marry, then? A man?” she asked back, sounding vehement.
“Then check it, please,” Gabriel replied resolutely, and Castiel had no other option than turning to the old lady and asking her where they were. The lady looked at him, clearly not interested in answering, but did it anyway, in an apathetic fashion.
They worked perfectly in every level imaginable: as best friends (Dean insisted on saying they were friends as well as they were a couple), as co-workers, as lovers (Castiel had never been interested in sex before, but sex with Dean was invigorating and powerful, passionate and tempestuous), and as roommates. Castiel didn’t remember when Dean stopped pretending he lived in his hired apartment and moved all his stuff to Castiel’s house. According to Castiel, they had practically lived together since day one, but Dean delayed the official confirmation for months. Castiel understood him, though. Dean was scared of taking things too far too soon, and Castiel was scared as well. It was all new and foreign for them, and neither of them wanted to slip or screw things up.
Dean rolled his eyes while doing it. “No, or yeah, my intentions are serious but,” he stopped talking to focus his attention on a bit that was difficult to break. He smiled when he could do it. “I need you to give me a hand with something, but I don’t want Cas to know.”
“I don’t know Dean, I’ve said a lot, practically a monologue, I’ve—”
“What are you talking about?” she asked, raising up the tone.
Dean smiled, pretentiously and took the disk. “James Bond, huh?” he wondered, winking at the girl. “Who do you think I am? Daniel Craig? Sean Connery? Roger Moore?”
“You’ve just said it, she
"Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait…" dream Dean said, interrupting her again. "Let’s start this whole thing again and be clearer now because it was not my fucking day and I don’t want to add yet another thing to be pissed off about," he said, clearing his throat. "Who the hell is Castiel?" he asked and Castiel felt like his stomach made a leap.
Castiel preferred to leave without entering to the bakery, since he knew if he did he would stay there for hours supervising things and Sam’s flight was supposed to arrive at noon.
He got more comfortable on his stool and waited a couple of minutes until Claire handed them the cups. Bartholomew never made an attempt of looking at him, so Dean made some noise with his spoon to catch his attention.
Hours were filled with anticipation, and Castiel could barely contain himself. He didn’t know what he was going to do, but at some point in the afternoon he wrote a little note just in case he couldn’t find the courage to talk in front of Dean. Which was terribly possible, he reckoned.
new. And that’s not how it should be. You have to be free to be whatever you want to be, and settle down with whoever you want to. Mom shouldn’t have a say in that.”
“I promise I won’t fight with Gabriel, I seriously promise you this,” Dean replied, desperate for Castiel to understand in how good spirits he was at that moment. “I won’t fight, and I will come back by the time you close the store so we can go out together and talk. Okay?”
“I mean…” Castiel tried, embarrassed, “I’m really sorry about Gabriel’s behavior, I’ve told him off about it. I just wanted to check on you,” he finished, in a heartbeat.
Then it got worse when Sam met his current girlfriend, a senior art student called Sarah Blake. She was amazing, Dean was completely sure about it, but her presence kept Sam in California even over the Winter Holidays. Apparently he loved visiting art museums with her on Christmas Eve, and Dean was not one to deny him the chance to be happy.
“I didn’t know you watched Game of Thrones,” Dean commented, changing the topic completely, and Gabriel rolled his eyes.
“My daughter is not hot for her uncle, so don’t compare,” Kali said out of nowhere, appearing from the kitchen door when Dean was distracted. “This is exactly what confuses Gabriel,” she added, handing Dean his mug and sitting in the opposite armchair. “He told me about you more than once, and for him you were a monster. A despicable villain that would destroy Castiel’s life,” she started drinking her coffee, and stopped for a couple of seconds. “Then you appear here, and it turns out you’re exactly the opposite of that imaginary demon, and that hurts his ego, Dean. He is incredibly prideful, and I confess most of the time he is not wrong about people. In your case he was, or you’re the best actor we have ever met.”
“Don’t be so worried, Cas, please, I’m not worried,” Dean answered and hugged him to prove the point. Castiel responded, and Dean felt awesome. “I’m fine, I mean, apart from my normal self-blaming attitudes I’m feeling great. I listened to Led Zeppelin in the car while driving here, and I confess it was a revelation. I want to live for me again, and when the suspension is over… we will see. For a while I will do as I please. I will only use my time to make things I want to do,” he finished, surprised by his own easiness.
“Why do you have to leave? She’s adult enough to drive the car alone,” Balthazar said to his brother, making him stop before opening the front door. Inias turned around, and even though Castiel couldn’t see him clearly by the distance, he knew he looked ashamed.
“Why didn't you sell it, so?” Dean asked.
“A really great job, Sam, you have no idea,” Dean started but Sam took the lead again.
Castiel nodded, somehow embarrassed, and smiled timidly at Dean. “Did I hear right? Are you
“I suppose you understand, Mister Winchester, you cannot punch co-workers the way you’ve done,” Crowley said, sitting in the chair opposite Dean’s without asking permission.
When Castiel started walking in the opposite direction of the benches, the guy stood up as well and took Castiel by the arm, preventing him from leaving. The
Dean confirmed it. “She’s so pretty, Cas, you have no idea…” he said and Castiel smiled, his heart pumping frenetically.
“Sarah is pregnant, Dean! I’m gonna be a father! You’re gonna be an uncle!” he said over the phone, frustrated and angry. “Wake up for once, dude. You’re letting your life happen in front of your eyes and you don’t realize. For two months I’ve tried to contact you. And you never had time. How can that be normal?”
While walking together, close to one another because of the cold (and because they wanted to) Dean rediscovered how enjoyable and easy was for him to share his time with Castiel. He didn’t need to pretend, in any way, or to play a part in order to feel accepted by him. Castiel opened his arms to him no matter if Dean wanted to tell him an embarrassing experience he had, or a serious opinion, and Castiel always had something to share in return. With them it was all giving and receiving, and those fourteen blocks, while talking animatedly about everything that came to their minds, while Dean laughed at Castiel’s wit, while Castiel smiled at Dean when he replied back with something even wittier… Dean realized that was what his life was missing, and what he wanted to experience from now on.
“He is not angry with you,” Missouri said when they parted, Dean petrified in front of her. “He is just frustrated, because he didn’t want you to treat him like the rest do. For him, you’re absolutely different. He can handle the truth, Dean, whatever that is.”
Dean wanted them to be different.
“What happened?” Castiel asked, losing his smile and looking suddenly worried. His hand didn’t move an inch from Dean’s face, though. Dean appreciated it.
“I’ve already told you, I need you to help Cas…”
“Well, well, well… that’s the company my brother was talking about,” Zachariah said with a ironic tone. Dean felt as if Zachariah’s gaze was trying to kill him with its intensity, but Dean resisted, simply nodding at him. “I never thought you were the kind of guy that would join together with my brother to betray me. You never had guts for anything but obeying,” he added and Dean counted to three in order not to insult him.
“...so it is easy to find you. If mom and dad didn’t come here to meet you it’s because they are not prepared to do that,” she finished and that last sentence hurt Dean more than he imagined.
Frank finished.
“You told me Bon Jovi rocked!” Sam complained cheekily.
The youngest Winchester took the time to explain her all they wanted her to know and do, showing her some documents, and regulations that forbid the activities exposed by them. Dean looked at him full of pride, while explaining it all. Sam was smart and meticulous, and indomitable when he wanted to fight for something or someone he loved. Castiel couldn’t have a better lawyer.
Dean took the time to observe the living room. It was welcoming, two armchairs and a sofa, surrounding a coffee table. There was a big television, set in the wall opposite to the armchairs, but that was not what surprised Dean the most.
“Remember you have three months to do this,” he said. “If you don’t achieve it up to that point and the restraining order expires, we will execute it for you and will demote you to a junior position again,” he said and Dean froze at that. Was Crowley threatening him? “It sounds bad, I know, but I trust in your talents,” Crowley added then, sounding flattering. “I’m sure you will make it. But Castiel will not make it easy for you; he’s so stubborn he’d refuse help if he were sinking in quicksand. So use whatever weapon you consider. Accuse him of being a tax debtor, or health code violations at the shop… homosexuality activities in his workspace, which probably wouldn’t be a lie…” he laughed. “We don't care what you say to him, as long as you achieve the task as we told you to. Have a nice day, Mr. Winchester,” he finished and left the room.
, or in my case,
“When my dad died, and I sold the house, my Aunt told me she couldn’t be gladder if I accepted living with them. Sometimes I think it was because she wanted to know what I did with my part of the shares, to control it, but I prefer thinking she liked me a little too. There were not good times, I confess. Gabriel was already living alone, and living with Zachariah and my uncles was hell. I felt in debt with the company, for giving my father a job for so long, I suppose, so I started working there as well. However, I was relegated to a data entry position, because according to Zachariah it was the only thing I could do, and I felt like a bird in a cage. They never accepted the fact I didn’t like working there as much as my dad or they did. Zachariah liked telling me I should do it to honor my dad, that I should work harder because he wanted me to follow his steps... it was insufferable. Their mistreatment of me didn’t stop there. They always made me feel I was living on loan, that I was in debt with them to some extent, and when they discovered I was gay one Christmas Eve, their reaction was more violent than the Pompeii eruption. Zachariah and his wife kicked me out of the house, and I left the company. I never came back, neither to Sandover nor to Zachariah’s house. I left with no more than my clothes, and that was all.”
“If I wasn’t sure before, now I am…” Castiel said, and paused. “I need to go,” he added and Jimmy nodded. “She’s…” Castiel tried, but when he couldn’t find the right phrase he stopped and shook his head. “I don’t understand why she is doing this to us.”
Gabriel’s features lighted up and Castiel suddenly feared for the answer he would be receiving. “I can’t believe you didn’t ask sooner,” Gabriel said. “As I’ve explained to you… it’s
“Dude, you confused the toothbrush with the comb just a couple of minutes ago,” Dean pointed out and Castiel groaned in response.
“Where is Dean? Can’t he go instead?” Castiel asked, walking to the kitchen, where Benny and Elizabeth were preparing cheese cookies.
Jo listened to every sentence with attention. At some points Castiel noticed she made weird faces, like remembering or comprehending something she didn’t before, but Castiel didn’t pay much attention to that, preferring to share his whole heart for once with someone else. He told her his family problems as well, and how his brothers didn’t understand him, and how he found himself in complicated situations because he hadn’t the same priorities as they had. Jo nodded, and understood. And Castiel lost the track of time. At the point of finishing, he glanced at the clock and realized an hour passed without him noticing it.
“As a kid,” Dean repeated. “Bobby had no idea, he thought dad was taking it bad, but he didn’t know he used to abandon us. One day he found out and all hell broke loose between them. Bobby took us with him to his house, and my dad appeared, once in awhile, to ask us how we were doing and if we wanted to come back with him. Bobby never let him take us.”
Castiel kept staring for a while, and bit his lips. He finally leaned in to Dean and kissed him sweetly. “Gabriel lives at 8400 Riley Street,” he said, barely separating himself from Dean’s lips and with his eyes still closed. Dean only heard him, silencing completely the noises the rest of people at the store were making and closing his eyes as well, as a sign of relief. “Two blocks from the South Lake Park, do you know it?” Castiel asked and Dean nodded. Castiel smiled and opened his eyes. “It’s a bungalow painted in lilac, with purple tiles. It’s impossible to get confused with those colors.”
Crowley had said once, and Dean had a hard time realizing it was a literal expression. If Dean didn’t stop that game they were playing it would hurt them both, or ruin their relationship, whatever it was they were involved in, and Dean knew that was the last thing he wanted to chase.
“Are you okay?” he asked. “Your face speaks volumes, buddy, you're pale. Who was it?” the man added then, somehow cheekily. “A serial killer? Someone you’re in debt with? A bride you’ve abandoned at the altar?”
“Tell your parents to ask him to go to the garage, he would,” Benny said, simply.
“He knows I’m doing something, he only doesn’t know what.” Dean sighed, in evident pain. “At least he kissed me before leaving…”
Castiel rolled his eyes, completely defeated.
Castiel laughed at that. “We will figure it out, won’t we?” he asked, unsure.
“Why spy on Castiel, then? Why didn’t you just… ask him?” Kevin asked in a suspicious tone Dean didn’t like.
“They are Dean and Sam Winchester,” Gabriel interrupted, with a grave voice. “ And hope you remember there’s a kid in this house, so be respectful,” Gabriel warned, and Dean noticed an angry blush in his face, that was getting redder and redder with every passing second. Well, Dean and Gabriel discovered their first in common thing.
?” he added.
“It’s me, kid. I didn’t know if I was listening to a human being or a machine,” someone said finally and Dean froze at that. He couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Could that be…
“Did something happen, Jimmy?” he asked, worried. In front of him, the Argentinian flag fluttering ardently on top of the Palace of Justice. Castiel looked at it and closed his eyes.
“It would have been worth it, anyway... I just can't stand injustices.”
“Impossible,” Uriel said, ignoring his older cousin. “He lost the ability to be a man when he went all Sodom-and-Gomorrah in front of the whole family...”
on it, with a piece of pie drawn in the middle.
of anything that day.
“I think we’ve just let the cat out of the bag, Dean,” Castiel said, leaning his head against Dean’s. It was one of the sweetest gestures Dean had ever received.
“Of course,” Dean confirmed. “I think it’s time to wake Baby up. She has a lot of work to do.”
Dean started coughing, breaking both Castiel’s train of thought and the whole awkward atmosphere. Castiel thanked him for that.
He opened the office’s door only to discover than both Charlie and Anna were waiting for him, expectantly.
"Don’t worry," Castiel answered. "If anything, I have to ask for forgiveness as well, because I never met you again to clear the issue up and you felt uncomfortable at my expense too."
“That’s nothing, Dean-o. Wait until you see her clothes. She’s Cruella de Vil.” Gabriel said, and he was not wrong. She was wearing a black and red dress, that fit her body perfectly, and a big white mink by her side Dean prayed to be faux. In Bela´s favour, she was hotter than the cartoon, and probably she didn’t kill dalmatian puppies either.
“I wouldn’t be so arrogant right now if I were you,” Dean said. “I’m not here because I want to see your fucking face. I just want you to stop messing with Castiel,” Dean answered, pressing Bartholomew even more against the wall. “No more stalking, no more pressuring him over dates that will never happen. You stop walking him to work because he fucking hates that, and every similar alternative you may imagine about your presence in his life vanishes. You just disappear. Pretty simple, isn’t it?”
“Over the phone?!” Sam asked, arching his eyebrows. Dean nodded.
"I understand," Jo said, "but to be honest I don’t think he forgot… Usually when a crush is this big and breathtaking both parts feel the same way, be sure about that, it’s a rule of life," she added winking and said nothing more. She started looking at her pockets, and when Castiel thought the conversation was over, she handed him a piece of paper. "A friend of mine gave me this. Discounts coupons,"she said. "For today."
“I wanted to give you some space, but,” he said, doubting a little, “to be honest I wanted to be here if you needed to talk. Did I do right?”
, it was a word Dean didn’t know too much. Yes, sure, even against all odds he had the love of his parents, and siblings, but Dean had never loved another person romantically, and he honestly never thought he would be able to do it, or that the other person, much less someone as extraordinary as Castiel, could profess that kind of love for him in return. It was hard to believe, and extremely terrifying for Dean, all at the same time.
has woken up!” he heard someone say on the other side of the room. It was Gabriel, naturally, leaning on the door frame, with a cup of coffee in his hands. He looked funny in his dino-pajamas (because apparently for him being almost forty years old was not a hindrance to wear whatever he wanted) but his eyes were still wary, as if he had no idea what Castiel could say next.
“Sign the damn paper, boy,” Frank said, and after a final second of hesitation, Castiel complied. He signed the rest of them as well, and Gabriel applauded, as if he were a little kid who wrote his name correctly for the very first time. Castiel felt like an imbecile, but it was his own fault, not Gabriel’s.
“I’m not a gambler, Dean,” he answered, and Dean felt his breath touching his lips. They were really close, and Dean found himself in an awkward mixture between feeling intimidated by Castiel’s tone and hard by his touch. If anything, he hoped his companion couldn’t notice. “My debts have nothing to do with cards or roulettes, and everything to do with what I have to do to feel at peace with myself. Now, please, help me to find my set of keys, because I’ve lost them,” he added, and stepped out of Dean’s personal space but not without rubbing both of his cheeks gently when he took his hands away. He started moving everything around in order to find his keys and Dean went to help him, unsure but without saying another thing.
?” he said and it was Dean’s turn to be as red as a tomato.
Dean got up and helped his boyfriend do the same, and their walk to the car went calmer after that. Castiel did not feel confident yet, Dean could see exactly that, but at least he was not running away from him, but taking his hand and walking at his side.
“Yeah, she was around him all the time, telling him not to eat so many slices of pizza, but he didn’t obey,” Dean told them and Bobby grunted. “After we cut the pie he asked for everyone’s attention. I was praying for him not to say nonsense, but he was pretty direct. He told us all he loved Ellen, and wanted to marry her. He went and climbed on his chair, his confession never ending, and apparently the vertigo was so strong he threw everything up.”
That night he went to sleep without eating, taking a bath or changing his clothes.
Gabriel looked at him weirdly. “Didn’t you think about yourself?” he asked in a serious tone and Dean confirmed it. Gabriel raised his eyebrows and said nothing else.
“Oh God, dude,” Dean replied. “If you want me to answer the question, no, he is not part of your family yet, literally. But I—”
“And what you will do after that?” Benny replied, with a tone of worry in his voice.
“Why did Gabriel sent you the message? Are you best friends now or something?” Dean asked before opening the company’s door. Sam shook affectionately his head and followed him inside.
“Why?” Dean asked, genuinely puzzled. Dean was not worthy for someone like Castiel.
Castiel looked at the stranger for a while, until he disappeared in the crowd, leaving him once again completely alone. He shook his head and rang the hostel’s bell.
“That’s what Gabriel has just implied, and I understand—”
started playing Dean knew Castiel had chosen the best option at hand to learn about them. However, when
“Of course, Dean,” Castiel replied. “You are the most trustworthy man I’ve ever met.” Dean’s chest constricted at that. He couldn’t let Castiel down. He
Castiel blushed strongly and tried again. “I didn’t mean it like that, I just… the couch is comfortable, Balthazar has tried it multiple times and he never complained. I’ve used it too, some days, and I-“
“He must be very smart then,” Charlie said. “I think everybody should hate him, but only a few do...”
“Dean, can you just please stop?” Sam asked, tone brokering no disagreement. Dean stopped talking, allowing Sam to keep on explaining. “I don’t want that either, that’s why Sarah and I have come to a decision.” This is where Dean started feeling confused. What did Sarah had to do with anything? “If we take a plane to Kansas and seize the moment to come and visit you all, we would be taking a flight by midnight and be there by lunchtime, and I could meet my client, which would be a real advantage for me,” he finished, and Dean didn’t know what to say.
“Please, forgive my clientèle,” Castiel said, looking at Dean from the corner of his eye, cheekily. He didn’t look ashamed, and that was a good sign for Dean. However, he separated himself a little from his friend before following him to the counter, where Castiel looked for the promised BLT sandwich in the fridge and placed it in front of Dean.
“I know. But he doesn’t,” she answered and waved at Bartholomew, who was still watching them from a distance. Castiel had already forgotten about him. “We are acting here, keep the appearances,” she added and Castiel laughed, opening the door and letting her enter before him. Charlie was kooky, lovely, and clearly smarter than him.
Castiel couldn’t help nodding. He lived in a town, where if generous, there were two jewelries where he never got in. This was so different to his hometown. “It’s like Diamond Street,” he pointed out. The guy considered it with his head, then nodded.
They walked there, Gabriel waving some people here and there that recognized him, but when Dean arrived to his office he knew something was odd. The office’s lights were turned on and there was movement inside. “What the hell?” he asked and opened the door, without knocking. Big was his surprise when he saw a guy sit in
The German name of our loved apple strudel. Check the recipe
“And what happened to your father?” Castiel asked, visibly moved by Dean’s story.
“You’re lying,” Gabriel insisted, although he sounded defeated.
“Don’t say
“That was creepy,” Dean answered, standing up and walking to her.
“What is happening here? Why are you attacking my husband?” a woman said, clearly the one who’d thrown the projectile. Dean raised his eyes from Gabriel to her and literally froze at what he was seeing. She was like a goddess, tall, magnificent, tanned and indomitable. If she was really Gabriel’s wife, Dean had no idea how the guy had managed it. “Stop staring at me and answer my question!” she said and Jesus, she was clearly someone out of this world.
Dean couldn’t complain. And what was more, Dean was convinced he would never waste that opportunity life was giving him with useless complaints, not ever again.
, he didn’t say.
and I’m getting on board with your plan,” Castiel started and everybody cheered. “I said
Castiel even tried to persuade the attorney to call the meeting off in multiple occasions. The rudeness in his answer the last time he suggested it, though, (
"For instance?” Dean said. “What do you want, Cas?" Dean asked, firmly.
After what felt like an eternity, Castiel finally got to sit down. Meanwhile, the cellphone in his coat was constantly vibrating against his thigh. Whoever was calling him? They could wait.
There was only silence between them, for a while. “It’s okay, fair enough,” Dean said when he couldn’t stand the awkwardness anymore. “Anyway, with or without debts, we are in a jam here, Novak, and we need to figure out what we will do, don’t you think?”
At the second call, Castiel couldn’t delay the departure any longer.
There was a glass of water and a couple of pills beside the cellphone, too. Castiel couldn’t understand how they made it there, he never went to the kitchen theprevious night. That night he had been to the Roadhouse, he got drunk like he never had gotten drunk in his life, and then, he fell asleep, right there, in the middle of the bar. The rest was all impossible things, the moose talking, the bees and the honey… and Dean. Dean was definitely a dream too, even when he didn’t remember half of it.
“Why?”
“Who gave you that?” asked a brunette girl with a ponytail Dean remembered was called Krissy, or something similar.
“Yes,” Dean replied, impressed by the courage he was showing.
The guy started walking towards the bakery not taking his eyes off Castiel, though. “Good afternoon to you too,” he said, with a deep voice that made Castiel tremble and winked at him, with a confident bravado, before disappearing inside the store.
? Wasn’t
“I don’t understand what you’re talking about,” Castiel replied, which made Gabriel groan in frustration, since Castiel never got his jokes. “But I would certainly love visiting it,” he added, and Gabriel smirked.
Castiel didn’t know how much time passed from the moment Balthazar stopped talking to when Hester stood up from her chair and stormed out of the room, externalizing some hurtful adjectives at her brother-in-law. Only a couple of seconds, probably.
“For a variety of reasons, I suppose. But mostly because there was always a difference between Sam and me,” he explained. “While Sam is a real independent man, I’m not. He doesn’t need his family around to function properly, and I do.”
“I cannot wait to meet her,” he replied and heard how Dean breathed nervously on the other side of the line. Sometimes words were not needed and both of them just discovered that.
“Are you blackmailing me?” Zachariah asked, sarcastically.
Bobby turned to look at him, stretching a smile, or something in his universe was similar to one, and confirmed it. “It’s just a dinner, with you two, Ellen and me, Jo and her boyfriend. Nothing pretentious, but I want to announce something to you all.”
“I’m just messing with you, idjit,” he said, in a tone that was equally terrifying and affectionate. He put a hand on Dean’s shoulder and patted. “To be honest, I’m really happy about you and the Novak kid. I don’t care if you two have dicks, or an octopus in your crotch… I just like the way you behave around him, and the way you came back to the family after meeting him. Your mother cannot be more excited about this, and that’s enough for me,” he paused, and looked at his son intensely. “Look at you, smitten, red-faced, messed up after kissing too much… It makes me remember when you were younger, somehow his presence re-invigorated you. I remember you trying to impress the ladies you wanted to go to the parties with…” Dean intended to interrupt, to say he was wrong, but Bobby gave him no chance. “I know it’s not the same, and I’m glad it’s not. All I’m saying is you look fresher, younger, I don’t know kid, your mother is the one who uses that kind of words in a way that makes sense, you understood me anyway…”
Dean didn’t reply for some seconds, battling with himself in order to ask something he needed to know, or not. “Why are they using me to persuade you?” he asked before he could help it. Castiel raised his sight to see him. “I mean,” Dean tried. “You put a restraining order on them, and it expires in some weeks, right?” Castiel nodded. “Why would they act like this with you and me, instead of waiting?”
“I w—” Dean interrupted himself, feeling like an utter coward. “I would say that if someone you love doesn’t love you back, they are mad, and they don’t deserve you,” he wanted to stop being a coward. Castiel was not a coward, Castiel was better than him. “I’m…” he said, and gulped. “I’m bisexual, so I understand you Cas,” he confessed, and felt his inside lighten as if that confession had been a heavyweight he had been bearing, and that kept him from breathing normally. “My family always knew, and they were always supportive about it, even when I had no idea what was happening to me, but I’m always scared of saying this, of showing who I am, mostly because of my job. I was always afraid of losing it; if your cousin realized I would be fired in seconds, and my job has always been the excuse I found to escape from my own demons in the real life. It was my only way.”
“...this other thing is pretty simple to fix,” he pointed out. “I want to try with you, Cas. I want you to be my boyfriend, I want to be yours, like I’ve never wanted in my life before. And with boyfriend I mean, like, the official word, because the whole world apparently thinks we are already, even if we didn’t confirm it… I believe that too, by the way! Earlier today, I was convinced we were already a couple, and I spitted it out without thinking. I believe that now too, as well… you’re in my childhood’s bed, all tangled with me and uncomfortable… why would you do that without complaining if you weren’t my boyfriend, Jesus?” he stopped and breathed deeply. “I want to confirm to the world we are. I want to go out there and proudly hold your hand… Don’t you want that too?”
Gabriel left him no chance to say
“Were you spying on Castiel?” Gabriel replied again. His behavior up to that point was too good to be true.
Jo had no idea how horrible he was feeling right now, Castiel thought. Then he looked at the third conversation, it came from an unknown number, and it covered most of the messages that were unread.
“What is this dude telling you?” she asked Castiel, who looked back at her. “Do you want us to kick him out?”
“Did Sam talk to you?” he asked, tearful again. He was not expecting for Sam to act in his name like that, after all the stuff that had happened between them. Bobby confirmed Dean’s question, and Dean’s chest constricted at that, even more when Bobby asked him not to be an idiot and cry. “Who was the other one? Mom? Jo?” he asked then, and Bobby denied both. Dean had no idea who else it could have been. “Seriously dad, was it mom?” Dean asked again.
!” Gabriel said, returning the papers and the pen to Frank. “Haven’t you listened to the good Frank here, Castiel? You’re not alone! I will help you run the business. Frank will help too,” he said, and Frank nodded to confirm that he would help, “Anna’s employees aren’t demons, dude, they’re good people! Benny, Charlie… they’ll all help you too. Your success is their success, after all, don’t you think?”
“I’m sorry you feel that way, but that’s literally the worst decision you’ve made,” Dean muttered, and sighed when Castiel shrugged his shoulders. “You should sell it now,” he said.
to you more than once, including last night. No, I don’t want to go out with you anywhere. No, I don’t want to pursue a relationship of any kind with you. And frankly I find your continuous chasing a little creepy. Hope this time it’s different, however, and you will understand and respect my decision.”
They both apologised as well, which made Dean tear up a little more, and then invited him to come in. Once inside, Ellen hugged Castiel intensely, and Castiel hugged her back while she thanked him for what he had done to her family.
Castiel followed him minutes later, and when Charlie hugged him behind the counter, as a sign of comfort and friendship, he knew he would fight for his shop, no matter how hard it turned out to be.
“My family and Cas say I have the potential to work in a better place, or even on my own,” Dean replied. “I will listen to them this time.”
"Love is neverstupid," Jo answered.
Castiel said nothing, instead closing the distance between them against the wall a little more. The baker pushed his luck and pressed their crotches together, to prove his point. If Dean’s moan against Castiel’s neck meant something, it was how successful Castiel was in the sexy area as well. “Obviously I’m not saying no,” he completed, and moved his hands to Dean’s belt, unbuckling it. In just a couple of seconds Castiel passed from being guided by Dean to guiding him, and Dean couldn’t feel more excited about that prospect.
Sam didn’t notice the tone, or didn’t care about it, since he congratulated Dean for the advance. “Hi to you too, Dean. How are you doing?” he answered in the same way. Dean thought he was a bastard.
Castiel knew he was being sincere, and he also knew Inias’ relationship with Hester was always a whirlwind full of conflicts and arguments, so he smiled. Everybody’s got their demons. “I know, cousin. Thank you. Take care,” he said and Inias nodded, leaving the house as well.
However, he realized there was something weird when he discovered, parking the Impala, that Andrea was outside the bakery, in the flesh, looking as healthy as a horse. The kids run to her, and she hugged them with a smile. When she raised her head and looked at Castiel, she winked at him and answered nothing when he asked what she was doing there.
“I suppose,” Castiel replied and stayed quiet while Benjamin spoke about his nephews and other children he knew. Castiel felt tempted and shared a couple (or more) things about Claire, and soon Castiel forgot all about his deep frustrations.
Bobby looked at Castiel stupefied. “Thank you kid, it truly was,” he said finally, and resumed eating. Castiel looked satisfied with himself, and went to Ellen, congratulating her on the delicious meal.
“Hey Cas,” he said, to catch Castiel’s attention again. “See you,” he added weirdly.
“Hello, Bartholomew,” Castiel said, once he raised his head and watched his face. The guy was smiling petulantly, as if Castiel were the luckiest guy in the world for breathing the same air as him. In turn, Castiel looked apathetic.
“Of course I am. I’m trying to protect the remains of this family. Jesus, Dean, you don’t even call us… when was the last time you talked to Sam?” she said, louder than before.
“You two, Castiel and you, are so different but so the same,” he said confusing Dean. Benny noticed and smirked. “Ask him how he reacts when I pat him,” he explained and went to the oven, to take the pan out of it.
“Lucky the Leprechaun's evil twin,” Dean replied jokingly and Sam laughed. At least their silly jokes made the wait a little more bearable.
“Will this time make the difference?” she asked and Dean’s discomfort labored his breathing. It was for entire different reasons than last time at the Sandover’s meeting room.
Castiel took wary the folder and started reading, his face changing its expressions every two seconds. From surprise to fear, from anger to hope. Dean loved  the hopeful one in him. Hope looked good in everybody, but hope in Castiel’s eyes was beyond compare. At some point in the reading, Castiel couldn’t stand the pressure anymore and started crying out loud, as much as his eyes allowed him, as if he was externalizing in his tears all those years of frustrations and bad moments; as if he was trying to release all the negative energy he had collected over the years out of his body, out of his life.
“What’s wrong with you?” Castiel asked Garth loudly, and the guy jumped, clearly not expecting his question.
“I won’t tell you alone, I don’t want to repeat the same shit four times!” Dean replied, irritated, taking a new bowl and placing the chocolate pieces there. The microwave rang and Dean changed one bowl from the other one, without looking at Benny.
he thought.
“You’re worth all risks,” Dean interrupted and Castiel stared at him, breathing irregularly. “If you want to be consulted, however, I could ask you this: do you want to be happy and free?” he asked and Castiel furrowed. He knew Castiel rooted for free will, he’d told him more than once. When Castiel nodded, after he asked him again, Dean perked him in the lips. “Then, please wish me luck.”
“And if he doesn't want to sig—” Dean started by Gabriel interrupted him.
“When I was homeless, I could say. That was extreme. But I still thought I’d failed them at that time, that I was the one doing wrong, that they were right to kick me out… that lasted until my grandmother gave me the bakery,” Castiel answered. “She knew I liked baking, that I liked this,” he said, pointing to the whole kitchen with his hand, “but I was a prisoner of my own family, and the impositions they put on me made me think I couldn’t do it. She freed me with the bakery, she allowed me to be my own person, you know?”
, that's the city where the hotel is located!” he suddenly said, with a smile on his face. His memory was not as bad after all. The guy looked at him with a weird expression, as if he was trying to decipher a complex algorithm. “The logo had a crown on it, I only remember that.”
“You said you fell in love with me the very first time you saw me in Frank’s office,” Kali said pompously, imitating her husband. “So don’t come here telling it’s impossible because you’d be lying, or that you’d lied to me. Either case, it’s not convenient for you,” she completed, with severity.
Looking at his cousin, he said, a little confused. “I’ve told you more than once that I can find my own place, my own job… that I can take care of myself. I understand you all love me and want to protect me, and I know I’m a burden, and—”
It was too good to be happening. It was too good to even be thought…
Once it was over he picked up his clothes and opened the bathroom’s door, guiding himself to his bedroom. Before he could help it, he peeked to the living room and found Dean contemplating the library with interest. That made Castiel fall for yet another characteristic of Dean´s personality and kept on walking, silently.
If Castiel was honest, Dean had a lot to do with it. With the bakery success, and with his happiness in general. Castiel couldn’t help it. He loved Dean more than words could tell. The thing was that Dean was not only a great boyfriend, who supported him when Castiel felt bad and hugged him when he was tired, but also an excellent accountant who dealt with numbers better than anyone and taught Castiel tricks to make the most on the money he earned.
“With us…”
“I remember,” Gabriel pointed out. Castiel stayed silent.
“A couple of pounds more or less on your body wouldn’t change the fact you’re a great person, so I wouldn’t worry too much about that,” Castiel said, as if it was nothing, and Dean couldn’t reply back. Castiel looked at his surprised gaze and smiled. “Don’t you think you’re a good person, Dean?” he asked. “Then, perhaps people around you should appreciate your worth a little more.”
Once the laughters diminished, and everybody resumed eating, Dean took the time to observe every one of them. He didn’t remember the last time he felt at peace with himself like that, free to say whatever he pleased, free to smile and enjoy, free to live. Dean realized, at that place and that moment, that he was completely and truly happy. It was an emotion long forgotten for him, surrounded by the pressure and the standards of a kind of life that no matter how hard he tried was clearly not for him.
.” He indicated one last paper, covered in words Castiel didn’t bother to try to read. “This will ensure that your inheritance cannot be touched by anyone else. Unless you sell it.”
Even when he loved his work, his employees, and customers, Castiel felt he had a sword over his head every time he sat down to organize the outstanding payments, or to clear his debts at least a little. And it was all his fault, of course. Most of his debts had begun because of his irresponsibility, his inability to think before acting, so he was stubborn enough to decide he had to be the one solving the whole mess. Sad thing was that he was not able to do it, and every time he intended to put a full stop on everything, he made the whole problem even bigger. Frank and Gabriel helped him at first, when debts were not as crippling as they were at that moment, but now Frank was dead, and Gabriel was a responsible married parent who didn't need Castiel’s problems to deal with, even if he insisted on it.
Dean answered, half a minute later, in satirical tone.
“Well, you see, the task I have prepared for you is a little personal, this is why my whole family is present with us in the meeting,” he said, pointing out at his cousins and wife with a movement of his arm. “We have this cousin, Castiel Novak is his name, that has a property I want,” Zachariah stated, direct and coldly. “Our beloved grandmother, may she rest in peace, left him a business, the bakery she had run all her life, but he is gradually ruining it with his lack of studies and common sense in business.” Zachariah continued, and Dean experienced a knot in his stomach. God forbid him from being his enemy…
“My priority is them,” Castiel pointed out, and Dean froze after that statement. He was so used to putting himself as a priority he never thought others wouldn’t.
Dean finished getting dressed and walked to the bed, kissing Castiel on the hair. He groaned and sat up. “Bring me paper and a pen,” Castiel asked suddenly and Dean arched his brow, but did as he was told. “Since you’re already going out, go to the supermarket as well and bring me this,” he said, scrapping words over the paper.
. I don’t want to go to any zoo,” he concluded frustrated by his own choice of words, and Dean couldn’t take it anymore. He sat in the sidewalk, laughing like crazy, and took Castiel’s hand, moving him to sit beside him as well. “It’s not funny, Dean,” Castiel complained, placing himself close to Dean. “Ellen must be thinking I’m crazy right now, off my rocker, that you chose me wrongly, and to be honest it’s unlikely your brother will like me once he meets me, anyway, so that would make them two. I’m not a good match for you, I knew that…”
“You make excellent coffees too, don’t be humble, Miley Cyrus,” he interrupted and Claire made a ridiculous face, hiding her hand a little only for Dean to see she was flipping him off playfully. In their trivial play of
“My brother is working for free, Jesus Christ, what’s the matter with you?” he said, not even trying to cover his frustration. “I’m at a disadvantage here too, okay? I’ll face Zachariah with the damn document, I’ll lose my job, and I’ll have to leave the apartment I’m currently living in because I won’t be able to maintain it anymore, blah blah!”
The first thing Castiel noticed when he set foot in Argentina was that people were…
“Don’t say that, you have no idea who my bosses are...” Dean tried to answer, lowering his voice as well, and Missouri rolled her eyes.
,” Castiel replied. “It’s just I’m thirty four already and—”
it said, and Dean couldn't help a smile. Gabriel looked at him with a teasing expression.
There was silence in between them, Dean didn’t know for how long. They stared, and Dean knew Castiel was likely to reprimand him for what he had just said. “That’s like spying, Dean, it’s not good. I don’t appreciate it,” he said in a serious tone.
in between some other gems) while Charlie gathered the rest of the staff inside the kitchen.
He found himself wondering how many people would be praying all around the world to find something like this in their lives. How many people were alone, waiting for someone to care about them, to love them. Dean had all the ingredients he needed to enjoy of a good life and be spiritually rich… it was his time to act on it. He poured cream on top of his piece of pie as a mute promise that from that moment on, something would change in him.
“You need to go,” Jimmy clarified. “At least until mom gets obsessed over something or someone else that has nothing to do with you. If you stay here she will throw you off balance, she will get you sick, and I seriously don’t want that. I love you too much for that, brother.”
“Thank you very much, Castiel, let me put it in the fridge, I will take care of that. You two go and sit with the others,” she said and disappeared to the kitchen.
“You, telling him you’re Castiel’s boyfriend. That was awesome,” Gabriel said, once they were outside, in the parking deck. Kali, Sarah and Mary were waiting for Sam and Gabriel in his Ford Fiesta. Somehow they knew without Dean telling them that he needed to be somewhere else. “I admitted I’ve thought really bad about you,” he said once Sam was inside the car and he was the only one remaining. “I’m sorry, and to be honest I think you’re perfect for my cousin. The guy he has always thought he would never meet.” Gabriel sighed and patted Dean in the arm. “Now go and tell him everything,” he said and entered the car.
“Later Gabriel, now the fun is here,” she answered and looked between her husband and Dean, waiting for the one who would start outlining a plan.
“This goes to a safe lock until I can deposit the money in my bank account,” he said seriously. “It doesn’t mean I’m robbing the money from my own store if that’s what you’re suggesting...”
“What does a miserable accountant like you want in the office of a reputable architect like me?” he asked, petulantly, as if he wasn’t the one caught in a lie.
would be worth to experience in order to forget the whole thing.
Claire looked at him dumbstruck. “Hey, Hasselhoff, won’t you wait for C—?”
It was when Dean was at the kitchen door that he heard his mom dismissing Castiel by saying he was the best thing that had happened to Dean in years. Castiel insisted on saying she was exaggerating, but Dean made a mental note to inform him she was not.
“I don’t think it’s necessary, lady, I’m on my bed with fever and a terrible throat ache,” he lied, sitting on his sofa in the living room, where he had slept the night before, after his fight with Sam. “Do you want me to send you any kind of proof? Don’t you hear I’m sick?” he added, faking a cough.
After being fired from Sandover, Dean decided to take a
“What did you say?” Dean asked in a whisper, his heart hammering in his chest.
"This is when you realize you didn’t make the best decision," he said, and that made Castiel laugh too.
“Yes, take a pair,” he responded and handed Castiel the box. “It’s menthol. The other day I learned it’s a good analgesic, perhaps it works.” Castiel made an sceptical face. “I was watching
It was always the same. Dean came after work (way earlier than the time he used to leave the office) and sat on the stool closest to the cash register, where Castiel was most of the time. Dean drank his coffee, exclusively prepared by the owner himself, and they talked about whatever was on their minds. Once in a while Dean tried his luck teasing if the bakery was for sale and Castiel always answered it was not. Sometimes they bickered, since Castiel gave some customers big discounts or orders for free and Dean lost his mind, but most of the time they were in peace and Sandover was not a topic of conversation at all.
“I’m happy today,” Dean answered, though. “That’s in part because of you, Cas.”
When they were alone, she started whispering.
“He’s not my boyfriend yet,” Dean replied. “And I won’t hide anything from him. I will go and I will tell him about you, when I consider I have to. And if I don’t tell him as soon as you’d like me to, respect me. Trust me when I say this is what Cas wants to do but thinks he can’t. I still need to tell you something else. Cas told me some stuff about his family, but there’s something he hasn’t and I’ve got the feeling it has to do with this whole Sandover problem, okay?” he started and Sam told him to go on. “Cas has a lot of debts. He is dealing with them as well as he can, but it’s not working as it should. He has red numbers wherever he looks, and it shouldn’t be like that. I’ve seen the bakery’s books, and I’ve seen it work, it has nothing to do with the store’s profits. It’s completely solvent. There must be something else…”
That made Castiel laugh. He didn’t remember the last time he genuinely chortled at something that a family member said. The day was full of surprises.
"Then I will stay," Dean decided, instantly. "As long as you ask me to."
Dean looked at him weirdly. “I would break every one of them with you, Cas, I don’t know why-“
Missouri released Dean’s hand and placed herself better on her chair. She snapped her fingers in front of Dean’s face, who looked back at her. She took both his hands again, facing his palms up.
“It’s an excellent idea, Dean,” Castiel answered and he heard a couple of barks in the distance. “Is that her?” he asked.
“It’s good to hear you say this, Dean, but save it for him instead of your brother, don’t waste a confession on me,” Sam answered, amusingly touched. When he realized Dean was more touched than he had imagined, Sam tried to comfort him.
“I don’t know, Sam, don’t be dense!” Dean replied. “I spent the whole day at the place. I was always the first one arriving and the last one leaving, I haven’t scheduled all my days there,” he finished and Sam analysed the answer in silence.
Dean kept quiet. He could mention Sam, if he was on speaking terms with him. “Where are you living now?” Dean asked instead, scared of what Castiel would answer.
“Someone whose fees are cheap,” Castiel answered. “I cannot afford an expensive attorney and you know it,” he finished.
Benjamin smirked, looking pleased. “Well… I think this is your lucky day, brother. I’m a taxi driver myself,” he said and showed Castiel a little nameplate on his white shirt. Castiel looked at it. Effectively it said he was one, the name of the company noticeably under it.
“He didn’t buy Cas,” Dean pointed out, somehow proud of him.
“I will come back on Monday,” Dean yelled back, and raised his free hand to attempt a wave. He didn’t know if Castiel was still watching him, but somehow he knew he was, and that felt good.
Dean heard the sound of a chair dragged by the floor. He was sure Sam was sitting and getting comfortable for a long conversation. He sighed in advance.
"I don’t want to go to that place again," Castiel said, stubborn.
“Tomorrow, then?” Castiel pushed, and it was Dean’s turn to blush.
“She did good,” Dean replied. “I like that bloody wizard, but I don’t remember the last time I watched one of his movies… working and all…” he added, placing himself beside Castiel again, in an attempt of calming the little storm his dick was performing at that moment. Somehow, talking about movies was a good idea. When Castiel chose to caress his hair in sign of support for what he had said, though, he realized it wouldn’t be that easy.
Bartholomew came straight to the counter, and sat besides Dean without saying hello to anyone. He raised his hand, though, as if he was in a bar, and asked for Claire, who was polishing the silverware, to come. She rolled her eyes when Bartholomew didn’t notice and went closer to him.
“When did that change inside you?” Dean asked, interested.
“Look, I’ve liked your cousin since the moment I met him, and even when I was part of Sandover and I took my task seriously… I never liked it completely. The fact I started a relationship with Castiel in the middle was basically the trigger I needed to stop all the stuff that was affecting me negatively, including my job. I have to pay Castiel back for what he has done for me,” Dean said, opening up his heart in a way he never knew he could do in front of Gabriel. “I’d been thinking about possibilities to help him for weeks… and one day I asked my brother to find out…”
“But now if we know Dean’s brother is a lawyer, perhaps…” Kevin tried timidly and Dean couldn’t be gladder about the fact they were the ones mentioning it.
Dean took his wallet, the car’s keys and left the apartment. After a couple of hours and a couple of unplanned stops, Dean arrived to Overland Park. He considered parking at this usual spot, two blocks away from the bakery, but all the places were taken so he had to keep on driving. He cringed when, clearly, the only spot he could use was exactly in front of Castiel’s store, which meant exactly in front of his father’s shop as well. Dean considered other options, but he wasn’t going to walk more than two blocks to hide from a father who was unlikely to appear, so he decided against it.
♥ Same with Andrea. Good for me that both of them have names we use here haha.
“Ten,” he announced, and Jimmy looked at the sheets in excitement, even when he probably knew what country his cousin was talking about. After all, it was the last one to be announced.
“I’ve already told you my mom is not the one cooking…” Jo pointed out.
“You didn’t lose a thing, it’s somewhere at home. We will see later,” Dean replied and pointed out at the other side of the counter, where Jody was waiting for Castiel to sell her a Black Forest Cake.
. Don’t let him out like that. I understand him feeling like shit. It’s his life, after all. Good luck!”
Probably Jessica told her something, because when, ten minutes later, Missouri called his name and received him in his office she did in a completely different way than the last time they saw each other. She looked happier, somehow proud of what Dean had said to her secretary.
Castiel had already lent an ear when he heard that. After all, she was the owner of the yoga shop exactly beside the bakery. Castiel would negotiate with her without fuss and feathers, calmly, and then…
“You won’t have any problem,” the guy replied, almost immediately. “My situation is kind of
"Yeah," Dean confirmed. "At least you got that right."
“It’s a pleasure,” Castiel muttered, blushing.
“I’m watching the spectacle between Claire and the fancy guy at that table,” he pointed out, moving his finger discreetly. “As far as I could hear, he doesn’t want any food and Claire is mocking him...”
“How does it feel?” Castiel questioned, in a murmur. His mouth was so close to Dean’s ear that every word tickled. Dean verified that there were, indeed, more arousing sensations than an affectionate hug.
Dean’s jaw dropped and the groaned. “Stop, please. Last thing I need to know is that you know what we do in bed together at night,” he said without thinking. When Missouri arched her lips in a twisted smile he knew he shouldn’t have pointed that out.
“I don’t
Dean shook his head. “Not yet,” he answered and Charlie smiled, not surprised at all. “Just, you know… I have a lot of things on my mind right now. Let me figure it all out, by myself if possible. What I want to do, who I want to be, how I feel,” he sighed. “A couple of months ago I wouldn’t had imagine myself in such a position,” he finished.
“I’m asking you if you think you had done something for him to be like that...” she repeated in a mumble.
“Okay. It’s,” Castiel hesitated. “It’s good to know, first hand,” he said, then, distinctly hurt.
It was almost half past two so the scenario he got in the hall was not dramatic as he though. At that time of the afternoon almost everybody were working at their offices so there were only people coming and going who didn’t pay attention to those who came from outside.
“I don’t care about that prick, but thanks anyway,” Kevin had said, after closing the distance between him and Dean. “I might know why you react to him like you do, though. Can I be bold?” he had asked and Dean had nodded. “I think you see yourself in him, don’t you? With that pedantry and everything? And somehow is true, you’re rude sometimes. But let me tell you one thing. Well… two things. The first one: you’re not like that, not now, at least, so congratulations; and the second one: Castiel does think well of you, unlike Bartholomew. He genuinely likes you. Don’t waste the chance you’ve got to be better,” the kid had winked and left him alone with the books, until Castiel had come back to resume their conversation, Bartholomew’s appearance totally forgotten.
