“Shh,” Sherlock hisses back. “You’ll attract the attention of half the guards milling around this place, and we’re not supposed to be here.”
“Oh, of what, that supermodel’s underwear size and that actor’s diet and that other actor’s workout routine? Please.” He holds out his hand expectantly. “The jar, John.”
“Sherlock, stay still.” He grabs Sherlock’s ankle, keeping him steady as he finally tugs his last sock off. He stands, taking hold of Sherlock’s shoulders and gently easing him down into bed. “Now go to sleep.”
He also isn’t sure exactly how it had happened. It’s a memory he folds and unfolds so frequently in his head that it’s become worn at the edges, frayed and creased and slightly blurred. He doesn’t quite remember—well, he does
John only has a few seconds to marvel at the impossible, impeccable genius of it all when they burst out of an alley that places them exactly opposite 221B—and directly into the path of three police cars.
“Hmm? Oh, yes.” He hears the creak of bedsprings as Sherlock most likely sits up. “It’s actually a remarkably freeing experience, being naked. You should try it sometime.” He hears footsteps, and a moment later Sherlock steps into his vision, looking vacant and vaguely curious. “What are you looking at?”
This woman decides to forgo the usual gun route, and while calling out a taunt to Sherlock, who’s standing on her other side, hands behind his head, she spins around and slams the end of the gun into John’s head, shoving him over the edge of the bridge they’re standing on and into the icy water below.
He sighs, then moves back to the bed again, leaning down to hear Sherlock’s sleepy mumble better. “What is it?”
And Sherlock always manages to turn the tide, to save John and outsmart the people who threaten him. But there’s always a split second of panic that comes before it, the spark of panic that is somehow exactly what his brain needs to move from insanely fast to impossibly fast. He sees it every time, in the flick of his eyes to where John is, the note of desperation in his voice. He tries to hide it, but apparently it’s an open secret among London’s most notorious criminals; if you want Sherlock Holmes, all you have to do is get John Watson. Sherlock Holmes will come. And when he comes, stick a gun in Dr. Watson’s face. Strap a bomb to his chest. Tie him to a chair. Drug him and place him beneath a bonfire about to be lit. Then Sherlock Holmes will do whatever you want.
There had been a gun in his face, held by a woman. She’d been a murderer, having killed something like ten people in her quest for—something. He can’t really remember, all he knows is if he isn’t careful her kill count will rise to eleven. All he can think while staring down the barrel of that gun is that it’s always him people use to get at Sherlock. It’s always a gun in his face, an abduction, a threat.
“Oh, that is true, isn’t it?” she sighs. “It’s really a pity.” She takes the tea tray and moves back downstairs, and John glances back at the bathroom. The water is still running.
“Because someone’s really going to buy that we wandered into someone’s private property looking for a loo.”
Blissfully ignorant of the quiet edge to Sherlock’s tone, John merely feigns shock. “Dear lord, how did you guess? Must’ve deduced it from the tilt of my eyebrow and the fold of my sock.” He moves forward, placing the jar besides Sherlock’s hand with a loud
He looks up from where he’s reading the newspaper, glancing over at Sherlock sitting at his apparatus across the room, peering into his microscope unblinkingly.
The man jumps, dropping the roll of cash as he looks up at the two of them standing there, Sherlock still pointing the gun at him. His eyes dart to them, then the cash on the ground. His eyes are wide, cornered.
They stay like that—Sherlock’s fingers grazing John’s hip and John’s breath tickling Sherlock’s neck, not speaking—for what feels like hours and seconds all at once. It’s awkward as hell, but it’s
“The same.” He wobbles a bit. “Got a spoken confession.” He grins lopsidedly at John, pulling a little packet full of white powder out of his pocket and shaking it triumphantly.
After what feels like forever he turns and stumbles on shaky legs back to his chair and collapses into it, staring listlessly at his laptop, his lips tingling.
“Sure?” he breathes back, peering around the wall at the shadowy shape that grows steadily clearer as the club door clangs shut with a loud click. The music cuts off abruptly, and somehow the silence it leaves behind is louder.
Sherlock gives the barest of nods, and John is just about to ask him what they should do (they hadn’t exactly had a plan, but in their defense they hadn’t thought this far ahead) when he feels a hand creep along his chest and beneath his jacket, making him jump.
. Sherlock’s lips against his are impossibly soft but the kiss couldn’t be more different, it’s breathless and thrilling and it’s adrenaline, and there are lights flashing behind his eyes, except these aren’t the cheesy imaginary romantic ones, they’re only the police car lights from the street. It just makes it so much more real, so much more tangible. He’s kissing Sherlock, Sherlock is kissing him, in an alleyway opposite Baker Street and they’ve just caught the police a drug smuggler. Nothing else matters.
He sees Sherlock sigh, then straighten as if steeling himself to do something very, very difficult. He looks at John, his face steadfastly neutral. He stares for fifteen solid seconds, then says, “Please, John?”
he hisses, indignant and startled and maybe even a little flustered—all right, a lot flustered—but he ignores John, fingers wrapping decidedly around the gun in his pocket.
“You may want to be careful,” he mutters to Sherlock as he fiddles with the focus dials on the binoculars. “It’s sunny, and if you’re not precise then someone will see the glare off the lenses.” He taps the binoculars. “They’ll be able to see where we are.”
“There you are, Sherlock dear.” She places a cup and saucer beside him and he snatches it immediately, taking a gulp of the scalding tea inside, still scowling. “Two sugars, just the way you like it.”
He looks up reflexively, which is a bad idea—the movement effectively presses his face to the crook of Sherlock’s neck, his nose smushing against that one bit of exposed throat. He inhales almost involuntarily, his eyes drifting shut as he does; sweat, that sharp, familiar cologne that shrouds the flat and—is that cigarette smoke?
“You didn’t ask. You didn’t ask about the… the drugs. You usually badger me after this sort of thing. Am I to expect an interrogation over our tea tomorrow morning?”
“Well, this is private property,” the guard says, still looking as if he’s swallowed a spoonful of salt. “You can’t be here.”
He kneels by the bed, wishing he could see better in the dark, and puts his face as close to Sherlock’s as he can without touching him. “What?”
John stands, depositing his laptop onto his chair as he steps up beside Sherlock. “I couldn’t think of what to get you,” he says. “I don’t think you’d really use anything people usually give people for their birthdays, and that’s all you get if you go looking.”
He’s been staring listlessly at a crack in the wall behind Sherlock’s shoulder for what feels like ages when the back door of the club they’d been waiting by creaks open, pulsating neon light spilling down in a neat slice onto the pavement below, widening as the door opens. Trance music blasts out into the still night, each quick beat in sync with his hammering pulse. Sherlock stiffens against John, his chest pressing to his as he inhales sharply. The movement makes him hyperaware of the gun in his inside pocket, the metal digging into his ribs.
His little smile widens. “Well. That’s that.” He swipes his thumb on the screen, unmistakably deleting the message. John frowns at his screen, at the tangle of letters he’d typed in his quest to remain inconspicuous. “How often does she text?” he blurts out after a minute.
, since it had involved a rather large man with an even larger reputation and an ego about the size of Buckingham Palace.
He takes a step forward. “Useless material possessions isn’t really your kind of… thing,” he says, “is it?”
The man they’re chasing is gravitating towards it—and he appears to have no choice. Every intersection, every street, every traffic signal, is timed just so that he has to turn left instead of right, or go straight instead of going left. And Sherlock and John are just close enough behind him that he has no choice but to go with the flow, to take the very first option he sees. And Sherlock is veering to his left to force him to go right, putting on apparently random occasional bursts of speed at every turn and opportunity.
He turns fluidly, clicking the safety of the gun on and sliding it into the waistline of the back of his trousers, pulling his jacket down over it. For the second time that night he steadies John, this time with both his hands on his shoulders, face still impassive except for the fact that he’s out of breath.
“You should call Molly and Detective Inspector Lestrade, and maybe if we’re lucky even Mycroft will be willing to at least show his face, I mean—it’s his little brother’s birthday!”
He makes to get up, but he looks back down when he feels a hand grip his wrist suddenly, and sees Sherlock’s eyes shining in the dimness, the shadows hugging the angles of his sharp face, all angles and no softness. “Late,” he murmurs. “Stayed up. Waited.”
Fifteen minutes later John peeks around the statue and sees a guard glancing suspiciously their way. John whips around and has opened his mouth to tell Sherlock to lower the binoculars—too late. He sees the sun hit the lenses, a ray of reflected light forming a beam and projecting a neat circle right on the façade of the house they’d been spying on. He hears shouts, and then footsteps coming directly towards them.
“I couldn’t possibly sleep in my clothes, John,” he says haughtily, raising a supercilious eyebrow. God, even high as a kite Sherlock is still a pompous entitled arsehole. “Fetch my dressing gown, would you, I’ve left it by the mantle.”
John closes his eyes, counts till ten, then opens his eyes again. “No, I won’t. Maybe if you ask nicely though, I might consider it.”
“Thank you for the jar, John,” he says softly, then turns and sits back down, peering into his microscope as if the last five seconds hadn’t even happened. John just stands there, stunned and shocked and every other word there is to describe surprise. Sherlock doesn’t even look up to acknowledge him, standing there as he is, mouth open and blinking at the wall in utter confusion.
“Oh, God.” He turns away immediately, his face burning. Sherlock’s clothes are strewn everywhere, as if he’d chucked them as far as he could whenever he divested himself of them. “Oh God, you’re naked.”
Sherlock sighs and turns to him. “As long as one of us is a convincing liar, we should be fine. We can pretend we lost our way looking for the loo or something.”
“Already did,” Sherlock calls back over his shoulder where he’s running a step and a half ahead of John. “They should be on their way.”
“Congratulations, you’re an idiot,” Sherlock says, deadpan. “Now hand us the drugs, we know you have them.”
Sherlock looks up exasperatedly. “You don’t say a word when I call you to switch the light on when you’re in Scotland but when you’re right here you’re being difficult?”
To his eternal surprise and beyond eternal relief Sherlock doesn’t push him back, or say no, or say those words that usually make one sick to their stomach, the
“Exactly. It’s been quite a while, hasn’t it?” He still looks faintly amused. “There are more important things to think about than The Woman.”
It’s a startlingly sweet kiss, even though it was an accident. For the life of him John can’t bring himself to pull away and apologize, and he’s emboldened by the fact that Sherlock doesn’t either. Although that might be because he’s been pumped full of drugs. And
John sighs and leans his back against the statue, crossing his arms and tapping his feet against the flawlessly manicured lawn. There’s a companionable silence between them, Sherlock spying on the occupants of the house and John standing guard beside him, glancing up at the sunny sky above them every few seconds.
“Oh, he’s in one of his moods,” Mrs. Hudson says, waving her hands in his general direction. “What’s got his dressing gown in such a twist, then?”
He only has time to savor the feeling of Sherlock’s lips on his for about three seconds, because just when Sherlock’s fingers have slid to the back of his neck to steady him and it actually starts to get really good, he blacks out again.
“Well, seeing as the jar was right beside you, I think we can safely say I’m not the difficult one.”
“Your coat,” he realizes belatedly as the warm thing that Sherlock had put around his shoulders. “It’ll get wet.”
The man is probably used to people chasing him, because he’s quick, and he’s ducking into alleys and leaping down hidden sets of staircases as if he does it every day. Sherlock and John aren’t far behind, Sherlock still gripping John’s gun in his right hand as the pair of them give chase. The man is relentless, apparently not losing breath as he skids around a corner and vanishes from sight.
“Sherlock, wait,” he hisses again, but Sherlock doesn’t reply, drawing the gun out of John’s pocket and lifting it, tucking his arm against his chest as he spins neatly around the corner of the alleyway and points it directly at the man still hovering there. John swears under his breath and turns out of the alleyway after Sherlock, hearing the soft
“People will believe anything if you’re convincing enough,” Sherlock says dismissively, glancing out of the little corner behind a statue they’ve set up temporary camp behind. The fountain set into it lets out a jet of water that’s tall enough to hide them, and well. “Especially if you make them uncomfortable.”
John doesn’t bother hiding a smile, finding himself actually looking forward to having everyone over at the flat. Maybe he can even convince Mycroft to show up. Suddenly the prospect doesn’t seem difficult or even remotely repellent anymore. How bad can things be in the world and in the grand scheme of things, if he has Sherlock?
“It was probability,” Sherlock says, and while the words are dismissive John can see the tiniest of smiles on his face. His hands are still on John’s shoulders. “Probability and knowing the streets, the traffic schedules, the direction of the majority of the pedestrians. Just the question of which way he
“Whatever you say, Doctor—Soldier—whatever you are these days.” He gives a mock-salute, shucking off his jacket as John leaves the room, shaking his head and wondering why on earth he puts up with this man.
Sherlock sighs theatrically, but doesn’t lower the gun. “Don’t bother with pleasantries, you know exactly what we—”
“My my, the doctor is strangely assertive today.” He glances back at John over his shoulder, brows raised. “I suppose the lot of you have got some sort of surprise planned?”
They break apart, both of them pulling back at the exact same time. They stare at each other for one second, two, three, four—and then they both step back in unison, Sherlock’s hands falling away from John’s shoulders and John’s fingers unclenching from the back of Sherlock’s coat.
“Well, in that case.” Sherlock smiles brightly at the guard, seizing John’s arm and pulling him away. “We’ll just find somewhere more private, won’t we? Thank you, sir.” He forcefully steers John away towards the gates, the false smile melting off his face the moment they’re out of sight.
He unfolds the memory again, his own little mind palace—or his mind shack, really if he’s being honest—where every single room is occupied by Sherlock Holmes sitting on every single bed, long legs crossed one over the other and leaning back just so, dark curls in disarray with his fingers tented beneath his chin, reading John like a book with those colorless blue eyes darting all over him. He always takes up all the space in a room, and he does the same in John’s head. It’s easy to remember it, too easy.
He hears a furtive whisper, hears paper rustling as the man clearly counts a roll of cash, muttering under his breath. His nervous mumbling is punctuated by loud, periodic sniffs and skittering footsteps, as if he’s not quite sure if he’s safe where he is.
isn’t exactly the title he’d been going for, even if it’s got a good ring to it. He pulls back hastily, wondering if his blush is deep enough for his face to glow in the dark. It certainly feels that way.
“You were fidgeting,” Sherlock says, not looking at him, his eyes fixed instead on a point somewhere above John’s left shoulder. “It was constant—you were shifting, tapping your foot, looking around, blinking—”
John gives a muffled sound against Sherlock’s lips and Sherlock only grips him tighter in response, his other hand coming to rest on John’s back, fingers splayed, five warm lines he can feel even through his jacket. John’s own hands move of their own accord, one reaching up to settle on Sherlock’s shoulder, the other gripping the lapel of his coat for balance. It’s a head-spinningly passionate kiss, and for someone who hates human contact and general attachment, dear
“Not you, and definitely not your…” He coughs, turning his head and looking fixatedly at the lamp on the table to his left. “For God’s sake, Sherlock, put this on,” he says weakly, thrusting the dressing gown in his general direction. He feels Sherlock take it from him, and a few seconds later he chances a peek—and breathes a sigh of relief when he sees Sherlock wrapped in the dressing gown, tying the sash around his waist.
John thinks, and he’s about to ask Sherlock what the hell he means by that when Sherlock continues speaking, still peeking around the side of the statue. “That’s the thing I love about obnoxiously rich people,” he says. “They have unnecessarily large grounds, and guards get distracted. Leaves plenty of hiding places. And even more places to get a glimpse through their windows…”
Sherlock frowns, not really wanting to be interrupted. He stands up, moving over a few feet to mix a solution, and soon hears a soft knock on the door. As it swings open he glances up at the silhouetted figure of Molly’s new doctor friend, his features indistinguishable in the dim light.
He wishes he could give himself over to Sherlock utterly and completely, but tiny slivers of his heart and soul and brain remain on guard, defensive. He loves Sherlock, and he trusts him not to intentionally hurt him again -- it's the unintentional he worries about. Sherlock has a way of doing things heedlessly, recklessly, seeming to forget that he actually matters to other people, that what happens to him has ripple effects.
They agreed to stop for the night in the nearest village, not wanting to risk an accident or hit a stray flock of sheep wandering across the road. Now they were here, climbing the creaky wooden stairs, about to spend the night in the same small room.
He went to the sitting room to retrieve his phone, pausing first to start the fireplace, welcoming the heat and glow of the flame. He picked his phone up from his desk, tapped in his passcode, and paused again.
Sherlock is achingly hard, his cock bobbing and dripping onto his stomach. He touches himself, fingertips circling his nipples, his hand playing over his shaft.
He reaches the landing and pushes open the door, surprised to find it dark. John must be at work, or out. Maybe with a woman.
“I'm serious.” He reached over the edge of the bed, scrabbling for his jacket that had been carelessly shed onto the floor. He pulled the envelope out of the inner pocket, then presented the tickets and spending money. “My reward for good behavior this summer.”
He makes his way to the fireplace and draws a chair closer to the flame for better light. He turns the diary in his hands, sensing that he was meant to find it, just like he was meant to discover the photographs. The journal has been hidden under the floor for a hundred years, waiting to be held and read by him. It’s as if John Watson is speaking to him now, about to reveal his most intimate thoughts.
But the slow stroke down the tie. Sherlock melting into my dad, needing him. Their hands wrapping over wrist and nape…
Sherlock pitched forward, caging John between outstretched arms, still riding his cock, working him through the aftershocks. They kissed endlessly, open mouthed, their tongues twining, salty sweat and semen trickling over their skin.
The intensity of the music, the heady wine, the tension of having John so near yet forbidden made Sherlock’s body hum with desire.
John rolls his eyes, and Sherlock hooks a lanky leg over John’s, sidling up against him. “Of course it was a highlight.
The printer stopped with a few clicks and John busied himself by gathering the warm papers into a stack. He turned around, intending to quickly slip past Sherlock in the small space, but he collided with him instead, their chests bumping, their faces swaying unnervingly close.
“Angry, worried, horny… The back door,” Sherlock says dispassionately, stirring sugar into his tea. “Calm, respectable, just an old friend visiting… The front door.”
John stands up and paces to the window, lifting back the curtain to gaze down at the street. Quiet. Peaceful. Dull.
“I can’t believe we finally did it.” John says softly, interlacing his fingers with Sherlock’s. “You’ve officially been my husband for two whole weeks.”
A double bed covered with a white duvet filled a corner of the room. A wardrobe took up another wall, and a small desk and chair were placed beneath the window. John crossed over to peer outside at a few tree tops and the windows of the building opposite. It was a pleasant view.
Even though they’ve shared a flat for years, this may be the most intimate space they’ve ever shared. He feels he should say something to neutralize the tension rippling between them, but he can’t think of a thing.
He forced himself to walk back to the car and start the engine, deliberately ignoring the way John looked at him, his hand clenched in a fist, his eyes dark with pain. He backed the car up the lane and swung recklessly onto the road, roaring away from the house, shutting his thoughts down, fumbling for his cigarettes.
Molly toyed with the scalpel, smiling. “He comes here, too, sometimes. To see things. The bodies, I mean. He's nice.”
John held the jar, turning it in the light. Sherlock watched him, holding his breath, wondering if he would say anything else.
Molly was unmoved. “If someone has deeded their body to science, I can help you. But I don't have anything today.”
John yawned and rubbed his face, checked his watch. 11:13 p.m. He was catching up on patient files at the clinic, a task he never particularly enjoyed.
He considered the next step. It was a little after eight o’clock; there was still some daylight left, but not for long.
He climbed out of bed, wrapping a sheet around his waist. He shuffled to the door, his foot crinkling an empty condom wrapper on the floor. He peeked down the hallway. No one in sight.
“Oh, how wonderful for John,” she said, admiring the cover. “We should call and congratulate him. What time is it there? Is it decent to telephone now?”
Sherlock wiped dust from the fender. “Maybe you should join the police. You did more work than Dimmock.”
John slowly circled his tongue around the glans and Sherlock gasped, his hands squeezing John's shoulders, his body pressing back against the glass. John gazed up, watching Sherlock look down at him in wonder, their eyes locked in a sort of trance.
John can't place the lines for a moment, then it clicks. “T.S Eliot.” He glances at Sherlock, surprised that he'd ever bothered to memorize poetry. “You're not so old, you know.”
They fell silent, and John held his hands out to the fire to warm them, unsure what to do next, highly conscious of the floral and spice fragrance mixing around them.
John stood with his back straight, waiting, watching how carefully Sherlock moved, his body held tightly as if he was afraid that some other delicate object in the room might shatter.
“Really?” John had never heard him mention it before. “What would you do with yourself so far away from London?”
As Sherlock looked out the window, John glanced up, their eyes meeting. John took off his sunglasses, gazing at Sherlock, a smile breaking across his face. Sherlock smiled back, the world finally feeling whole, the promise of sun-soaked days and silvery nights with John causing his heart to soar.
“Er --” John panicked for a moment, then realized she was referring to the pressure of her hands. “No, um, it's fine.”
Sherlock looked up at me, seeming a bit nervous at the thought of broaching the subject with my dad. “You're sure?”
He pivots slowly to the left, the pool of light falling onto the bed. It's lavish, four carved posts holding up a red velvet canopy. Pillows and bolsters spill over the burgundy satin duvet.
Mycroft is clutching a paper cup of coffee and pauses by the end of the bed to take a cautious sip. The twist of disgust that passes over his face causes Sherlock’s mouth to curve up slightly.
Sherlock lowers the diary to his lap, shaken. To see John Watson and William Holmes’ relationship confirmed in John’s own handwriting overwhelms him. Reading the diary is like looking through a telescope backwards, gazing into the past while anchored in the present, the view appearing distant, yet in reality very near.
He swallowed, forcing himself to count the tiny tiles on the floor, blocking out Sherlock's groans and sighs, ignoring his own involuntary grunts and exhalations. Why, he wondered, did Sherlock book their massages together? Maybe they were the only openings the spa had left for the day. Still, this was unexpectedly intimate, the low light, soft music, glowing candles...
John blew across his cup to cool the steaming tea, contemplating the curves of Sherlock’s back as he stood at the sink. Sherlock reached up into the cupboard to grab a clean mug, and there it was, the little hole in the shirt winking temptingly, the slit just the right size for a fingertip.
John wanted to tear his gaze away, but couldn't, confused by the strange mix of reactions flying through his brain. He was intrigued by Sherlock, but he also wanted to push the arrogant prick off his bike, knock the sunglasses off his face, and look into his eyes to see what he was really going on behind all that talk.
He curses the impossibility of the situation, staring at the fireplace, waiting vainly for John to return until sleep pulls him under.
Even though she's 16 and quite capable, Olivia is staying with Harry for the week. John calls her every day while he’s gone to check in and chat a bit. He hasn’t mentioned Sherlock, of course; he’d only said he was going to a lengthy conference in Barcelona. Olivia hadn't seemed particularly interested in his trip, merely nodding when he told her. Fair enough.
John watches Sherlock, vaguely amused by his fascination with the bones. He hopes he’s forgotten the asinine vampire comment. “Well… we should be getting these downstairs for the party.”
John held his wine glass by the stem, massaging Sherlock's foot under the table. “I might go with you.”
One by one, John freed the buttons, working his way down the white placket, his hands lingering at Sherlock’s waist as the shirt gaped open. Their eyes met, pupils large in the dark. John tipped closer, his fingers skating up Sherlock’s stomach, his palms curving around his ribcage, his thumbs hovering enticingly near his peaked nipples.
“For the final act. Our, ha…” Another laugh, then Moriarty’s voice drops into a seductive drawl, “Our
“I’m not a bloody invalid,” Q snaps, finally meeting James’ eyes. He regrets his outburst immediately when he sees the mellow expression on James’ face, which does not change one bit as he waits for Q to take a deep breath and mutter an apology.
“- father is on the other side of the building,” he hears Sholto say. “Marcus informed me he has retired. He’ll only speak with his nurse for the rest of the night. He won’t bother us.”
“Faint smell of lemongrass. Over the course of our cohabitation, I have catalogued the deterioration of its –” is as far as he gets before succumbing to a coughing fit.
“Cor, bint,” John answers, if only for old time’s sake. Somehow they never outgrew their nicknames. “Thank you for this,” he tells Donovan.
He also expected Mycroft’s ensuing spiel of “information uncovered during the interrogation might save lives of British citizens” and John’s grumbling acquiescence.
“But you’ve got the real thing, now. Aren’t you excited?” Moriarty makes a whooping noise. “You’ll love what I’ve got in store for you, Sherlock. Our last games will seem like a bedtime story. No more fairy tales. Time for some horror.”
“Hang on,” he barks. “There’s more, isn’t there? Moriarty doesn’t just help people – he’s not doing it for free. What price did she have to pay?”
John successfully coaxes Harry upright, words and movements coming back to him from the depths of his memories. They taste like bile in his mouth but they do the trick, and Harry eventually stands on wobbly feet looking for her wallet to show her new address to John.
For several seconds, no one speaks. Mycroft leans on his umbrella in front of the closed door leading to the entrance hall while Sherlock is glaring at him from across the room. James’s eyes flick between them from his position in front of the kitchen table. The expensive piece of furniture serves as a wonderful shield between John and the rest of those present.
John walks home. It doesn’t clear his head but it calms him down enough that the uneasy feeling in his chest loosens.
He finds a photograph, lying face-down on the carpet underneath a pile of notes containing complex formulas in Sherlock’s scrawl. The edges have yellowed and become dog-eared over the years. John flips it over. The image seems official, showing a family of five. Four of them are familiar.
Moriarty cackles. “Yes, thank you! Good boy, Sherlock. You win this round! Now, let’s have some fun… Let’s see if you can solve my next puzzle… and keep your vow.”
John forces an exhale. “Found the tin you brought empty yesterday. Got two cups of tea into him this morning. I think he’s getting better.”
John is burning to ask but Sherlock’s expression, unguarded and deep in thought, makes him bite his tongue.
He almost expects Sherlock to protest, but, with a look softer than anything John has ever seen on him, he holds his tongue. John is unable to look away, even as his pulse speeds up until it’s positively beating out a staccato.
They inspect the room and the boudoir Janine mentioned, then go on to question all members of the staff in attendance the previous night in a room apparently intended for meetings in the West wing of the house. John doesn’t feel quite as uncomfortable as he did in Buckingham Palace, yet he finds himself on the receiving end of quite a few condescending sneers from Moran regardless. Sherlock obviously doesn’t need him at the moment, so he wanders off on his own.
“No, John,” Sherlock says, tipping his chin up, expression even grimmer than his voice. “He’s not in bed with Moriarty. He’s heeling at the foot end of it, waiting for orders.”
Sherlock only catches a fleeting glimpse of Sebastian Moran before Moriarty’s own cavalry arrives. He recognises three of them as the Garrideb brothers from INTERPOL’s most wanted list and quickly sizes up the other fifteen thugs. The conclusion he draws quickens his pulse. There is little chance anyone apart from himself walks out of Catalyst Hall alive, and the latter is only due to Jim’s obsession with him.
The older Holmes rises from the second chair, buttoning up his jacket. He doesn’t give a verbal goodbye, but he does tilt his head in parting. John returns it and watches the man leave the room.
John recalls every moment of that day in vivid detail, but the final act, the waltz and Sherlock’s speech – his second speech – has an even sharper quality to it.
He tears his eye from his best friend to the person’s face underneath him. The beanie is hiding her blonde hair but her features are unmistakable.
“As long as he won’t retaliate today; it’s not just you braving the photographers, you know,” John grumbles, almost hoping it was too low for Sherlock to hear.
Pinewood Hill, for example. The factory is vast, three stories high and in a sad state of decay. Their approach brings with it the transformation of John into Captain Watson, whom Sherlock intuitively falls into step behind. Backup is in position, including a helicopter.
Sherlock has plotted five different escape routes before the shower has warmed sufficiently, has chosen the best one before slipping into his clothes, has determined the most likely location of the aforementioned armoury before his fingers ever close around the door handle.
This chapter gave me very heavy Mycroft feels. And Sherlock feels. And John feels. Just… warning for feels, folks. :)
“It doesn’t usually do this… swipe to the side thing, does it?” Sherlock wonders, miming the movement of John’s hair with his hands in a way that’s quite amusing.
“A far-left extremist responsible for the death of at least seven individuals, Detective Inspector. Your indignation is unwarranted.”
Aw, Sherlock, you're making me swoon...  but the real question is: whom did Greg take out to a date?
He’s not a boffin like Sherlock, he can’t call up her GPS data or anything fancy like that, but what he can do is check her photos for anything suspicious. A few blurry pictures that wankers like Moran would probably call ‘artistic’ of the Gideon; Janine and Moran, arm in arm; another one of Harry and Janine and a group shot of four – right, she said that Danny bloke had to leave – taken from behind the bar: Moran on the left pressed close against Janine, next to Harry who has her arm around…
“Sherlock,” John calls from somewhere – hallway. Freshly showered. The temptation to turn and catch a sliver of exposed skin is enticing. Sherlock almost yields to the distraction.
Mary swallows. “It didn’t even take a month and you were running off to storm a drug den with a tire iron. You’re best friends with a sociopath. You’re a doctor who never came back from the war.”
It’s not the Met who follow Mary’s ambulance and keep John from climbing into the one carrying Sherlock.
So he leaves, powering down his computers and mailing instructions to R’s inbox for when she turns up in five hours, even though it is her official day off. A crisis never fails to summon her to HQ.
“Oh, I can hear your wheels churning, round and round and round and round,” Moriarty sing-songs. “But this one’s easy. I’m being kind. Not to Lukas, though.” Moriarty tilts his head, his tone filled with faux regret. “Lukas won’t like this at all.”
John bites his tongue but he needn’t have worried. Both brothers are too deep in thought to notice his amusement at the Holmes family’s naming practices.
“I needed to examine you,” John explains, making Lestrade’s eyebrows rise. “And it’s Harry. Turns out the fourth Musketeer in her new group of friends is Moriarty. The others are Janine and Sebastian Moran, by the way.”
That evening, he declines Mrs Hudson’s invitation for dinner and starts packing. Two sets of boxes – one for his belongings, one for Mary’s. It feels cathartic.
Sherlock seems to be galloping three steps ahead, listing every kind of nut he has ever read about. John blinks. There’s something tugging at his memories.
Mycroft takes his time crossing the living room. “I’m afraid work will take me away from England for prolonged periods over the course of the next few months.”
Mycroft’s gaze takes on a dangerous glint all of a sudden, though his voice remains calm. John keeps his shoulders squared, refusing to back down.
Sherlock’s head is starting to hurt. Everything is spinning, John transforming into Watson in Victorian garb and back again, layers upon layers all bleeding into one until Sherlock sees it clear as reality – because it
“Do you have one of your minions track me, or is it just coincidence that you always call when I’m heading to the shops?”
He doesn’t seem to have noticed that he is being blatantly flirted at. Small mercies, John thinks as he forces his hands to unclench.
He slips from the bed so Mrs Hudson can try and get some fluids into the man. John’s eyes sweep the room, hoping for a clue, anything…
Sod this. If Mycroft’s goal is to appease the public with the truth and he wants John to be his mouthpiece, he’s going to do it on his own terms.
But then that’s not true, is it? Sherlock had the clues. He just couldn’t put them together. He kept secrets, hid vital information. And now John neither has a daughter nor a wife, and if he’s being honest, also no best friend.
“Quite the contrary,” Mycroft says gravely. “Yet not on paper. He confirmed Mary’s past involvement with James Moriarty in exchange for the headline you certainly noticed, but other than that he is most unforthcoming.”
“He texted,” is John’s curt explanation. He chucks the phone at Sherlock and darts for his laptop. A look at the lock screen tells him why.
A jab to the hand, expertly aimed and executed, disarms John faster than Sherlock can react, which proves a disastrous distraction since Mary, now armed with two guns, attacks him next.
Mary’s eyes, so full of emotion moments ago, have turned to ice. Her grip on the gun aimed at Sherlock is steady. John pushes his palms out towards her, obeying the silent order of the second weapon, unwaveringly pointed at him. It’s the one she took off Sherlock, who is coughing from the hit to his solar plexus.
“John?” Sherlock tries and stops immediately, appalled by the croak his voice has become. Swallows. Wets his lips. “John?”
“Nothing.” Sherlock shakes his head, coughing. John immediately hands him the glass from the bedside table. “All right, I’ll need a cork board, white board, any board will do, and all you have on the woman who calls herself Mary –”
John turns his head slowly until he is looking the older Holmes right in the eye. He must have deduced the question from his expression, because Mycroft continues, “I doubt you wish to return to Baker Street after all that has transpired. A modest flat near St Bart’s should do.”
John is elbow-deep in documents and photographs, perched on the floor in front of the crime wall he is piecing together, when his phone rings.
He cycles back to hospital. Takes up residence in the chair next to Sherlock’s bed. It’s far from comfortable, but John doesn’t care.
The detective remains silent, which does nothing to soothe the turmoil of anger and confusion in John’s head.
A warm weight settles against his side, pressing against his upper arm without insistence. It is just there, a steady presence. It draws Q’s attention, little by little, until he can discern the navy blue cloth of one of James’ suits, until he draws the right conclusions based on the evidence surrounding him.
So John lays down his weapon and raises his arms without complaint. Sherlock’s face doesn’t change, but the banker starts herding them back to the lift. In doing so, she pulls back the knife when readjusting her grip – the moment Sherlock has been waiting for.
Harry’s new flat is… impressive. The location alone, in the north of Southwark near London Bridge, means that Harry must have scored a decent new job. Then again, she has about three decades of experience as a graphic designer under her belt, and from what John heard she has a knack for it, too.
She smiles knowingly at John, who smiles back. “Thank you, Mrs. Hudson,” he says as she hands him a cup. “Really, lovely day today, isn’t it? Don’t you agree, Sherlock?”
He hears uneven footsteps on the stairs, and a second later the door to the flat creaks open and Sherlock stumbles inside. John realizes something’s wrong immediately; he’s cross-eyed and wobbly-kneed, his eyes are more black than blue and he’s drenched in sweat, and he smells like a pharmacy.
John jumps, nearly dropping his laptop at the sudden sound of Sherlock’s voice. He hadn’t even seen him come out of his room, but there he is, holding his phone up, fully dressed, wearing a crisp suit and an amused sort of smile.
He doesn’t say anything, ignoring John’s muttering (“We can’t let people see, they’ll definitely talk, this is awfully small Sherlock, people will talk…”) and folding himself into the tight space, yanking John in behind him for good measure. There’s a brief bit of shimmying and some swearing and light hands glancing on shoulders, and there’s definitely a bony elbow in John’s ribs at one point, but they settle in before long. And then all there’s left to do is wait.
It’s one of those cases, those small stupid ones Sherlock takes just to alleviate the boredom, to keep the balance, to oil the machine that sits in his head instead of a brain. He barely remembered it later, and he’d neglected to whittle it down to just the important bits whilst also adding several layers of marketable bullshit and plaster it out onto his blog for the world to see, mostly because for the life of him he just can’t remember how it had happened.
“The half-full needle hidden in your sleeve, the traces of powder lining the insides of your nostrils that you haven’t bothered wiping off and the over-dilation of your pupils, along with the folds on the left side of your trousers and the distinctive and telling knotting of your shoelaces, plus the inflection in your voice and the position of your right foot all suggest that you do.” He holds out his other hand impatiently. “Now play nice and hand them over, I’m tired of this already and I need a cup of tea, it’s bloody cold out.”
“Good. Now, bed.” He steers Sherlock towards the bed, pushing him down onto it and pulling the blankets up as Sherlock curls up on his side like a child, tucking his legs under him and blinking out at John as he settles the blankets over his shoulders and tucks him in. “There you go.”
“Night, Sherlock,” he mutters, then promptly turns tail and hightails it out of there, shutting the door behind him. His only solace is that Sherlock probably won’t remember a single thing that happened by tomorrow morning, so he acts like it never happened, and doesn’t even mention it at breakfast the next day. To his utter relief, neither does Sherlock.
“Got—got who?” He seizes Sherlock’s arm and drapes it up over his shoulder, propping his limp body up with his own. “The guy you went after, that—that illegal weapon guy?”
He plucks Sherlock’s dressing gown from where it’s draped over the armchair, getting the lights and dousing the fire as he moves back to Sherlock’s bedroom. “Mrs. Hudson left out a couple of sandwiches if you’re hungry, they’re in the kitchen,” he says as he pushes the door open and heads inside. “You can take one whenever you—” He chokes, the words dissolving into a strained cough as he walks into the room and beholds an entirely naked Sherlock lying spread-eagled on his bed and staring up at the ceiling with a ditzy sort of smile on his face.
He jerks back—another bad idea. He loses balance, all his weight rushing to the balls of his feet as he stumbles and tries to right himself. It only makes him stumble more, and he’s just about to topple when he feels a pair of firm, familiar hands steady him, one on his shoulder and that one that had been lingering at his hip finally closing the distance and coming to rest there, fingers gripping tight to keep him anchored.
The water has stopped running. John puts the phone back down, hurrying back to his chair and sitting down, picking up his laptop and pretending to be busy just as the bathroom door opens in a billowing cloud of steam, revealing Sherlock wrapped in a bathrobe. He strides to his bedroom and slams the door behind him, and John relaxes a little. It’s not like there’s any way Sherlock would know John checked his phone, right?
“God, are we not allowed to be?” Sherlock asks in faux surprise, looking at John with wide eyes that scream
The cold is like fire, paralyzing him and extending its icy fingers into his lungs, freezing them. He can’t move, water soaking his clothes and dragging him under. He fights for breath but the cold is like a thousand knives slicing into his skin, all over his body. It bleeds beneath his skin, making him go rigid. He’s still desperately trying to claw his way back to the surface, even though he can’t move. He shuts his eyes, and darkness rises behind them. He isn’t sure if he’s lost consciousness or if he’s just blinking. Though it may be the former, since the darkness is everywhere, a consuming, total darkness that feels oddly final. Maybe he’s dying. It seems likely.
“Why would you waste your time reading the news, John, it does nothing to increase your awareness of the way of the world, it only fills you with rubbish that stupid journalists who think of nothing but money all day ply you with so that you’ll become just another ignorant zombie like everybody else in the world, caring about nothing else but the lives of others and the flimsy materialism of your own pathetic lives. Making you part ways with your own mind and intellect, drastically lowering it in fact, training you not to think.”
After an age they break apart, and there’s an uncharacteristically goofy smile on Sherlock’s face. “So your birthday gift to me is… you?” he asks, and John kicks his ankle. “Yes, and I expect you’re properly grateful.”
“John?” the voice calls, loudly—ugh, too loudly. He winces, looking up with difficulty, still spluttering and choking. “Sh-Sherlock?”
Five minutes or so pass by. Just as John is settling back into the article he’d been reading about a scandal at a cabbage growing competition in Bristol:
Sherlock is a good kisser. He’s fairly sure there’s a bit of tongue at one point, and he’s oh so aware of the way Sherlock’s hands are wandering, long fingers framing his face as he tilts his head to deepen the kiss.
Sherlock turns and walks briskly into the flurry of activity that waits outside the alley, and after a beat John follows, head spinning and mind whirling and full of thoughts, yet somehow totally and completely empty at the same time. No, he thinks distantly. No, it won’t ever happen again.
John thinks as he automatically stands up, placing his laptop on the table as he trudges grudgingly across the room. Sherlock’s lips are tilted in the smallest of smiles as John picks up the jar (which he tries not to look too closely at but is about seventy-five percent sure is full of toes) and holds it in his hands while making no move to give it to Sherlock.
He hears a hoarse sort of laugh. “No. No, you’re not. Here.” He feels something warm and dry wrap around his shoulders, something that smells like cologne and 221B Baker Street. Like home. He’s startled at the realization, that his mind associates the flat with home now. Or maybe it isn’t the flat that he considers home, but rather the person he shares it with.
“How could I not be?” He leans down, his breath warm on John’s lips. “I am… the luckiest man alive today.”
There’s none of that. It’s just… Sherlock, Sherlock’s mouth yielding to his own, his hair springing free in adorably rumpled curls when John’s fingers tangle around them, the taste of toothpaste and tea and Baker Street exploding in his mouth and his firm but uncertain arms folding around John’s waist.
He looks down at John, still a bit out of breath. He has that odd look of wonder on his face, that slight widening of his eyes and the parting of his lips, that little thing that tells John he’s still not quite used to being appreciated instead of being scorned.
“Thanks,” he mutters, and Sherlock nods, impassive as ever. He lets go of John as he stands up straight, glad that it’s too dark in the alley for Sherlock to see his blush. “Stop what, by the way?”
He opens his eyes as someone drags him back onto dry land, soaking and coughing and colder than he’s ever been in his life. He hears, as if through a badly-tuned radio, someone calling his name. It grows steadily clearer as he regains consciousness, eyes fluttering open and lungs trying desperately to expel the icy river water that he’d sucked into them.
He’s conveniently interrupted by the door opening and a cheerful Mrs. Hudson holding a tea tray, wearing an apron and a smile as she chirps out a good morning. “It’s nice and sunny today, isn’t it?” she asks happily, throwing open the curtains in a billowing cloud of dust. Sherlock hisses like an angry cat as a thick bar of sunlight slants directly onto him, illuminating that side of the room. “There, now it’s bright!” she says, smiling indulgently at a scowling Sherlock.
John covered his mouth, stunned at the possibility of Sherlock’s motives and his own stupidity. He chewed on his thumbnail, glancing at Sherlock again. His eyes were still on the window, his expression neutral.
Less than two hours later, he was face down on the bed dressed only in his pants, the heavy curtains blocking out the light, giving into jet lag.
Sherlock grasps John’s arms, needing to feel the reality of his muscles and bones, a gesture that John mistakes as a rebuff.
Sherlock is paralysed for the split second everyone takes to comprehend the situation, yet before the horror can truly fester in Sherlock’s veins, truly threaten to overwhelm him, Mary bursts into movement.
“Huh. Would’ve thought the spooks would argue,” John muses, cocking an obvious eyebrow at Sherlock even as he pulls the gate open.
I know where the characters and I are taking this, though update frequency is dependent on my Muse and RL schedule. I just needed to get this out today, after that episode...
Mary’s head jerks towards him and the softness evaporates in the blink of an eye, mouth pulling into a sneer. “Oh, Sherlock. I held the brush, too.”
“And these vampires are still outside with their flashes and microphones,” John complains as he sets down another cup of tea on Monday morning. “Speedy’s is doing well, so that’s nice, but what’s so bloody hard to understand about ‘no comment’? At least we get some positive fan mail. Actual mail, too, it’s in the living room if you want proof that not everybody hates us for what happened. Oh, and I got a few offers from some brands, they want to pay me to mention them on my blog. Like I’d blog about which kind of pasta I buy, Jesus…”
John wishes he could delete the memory, but his mind doesn’t work like Sherlock’s. Instead, he can’t stop turning it over and over and over in his head no matter how big a gulp he takes from the whiskey tumbler. It inevitably leads him down memory lane, to Janine coming out of Sherlock’s bedroom, calling him ‘Sherl’ and moving the coffee to where it makes no bloody sense whatsoever.
John doesn’t ask if that means she really loved him. Not that it matters much, now – she lied to him, about everything. That’s not love, not by John’s definition of the word.
The resulting pout ticks John off even more but he forces himself to take a deep breath. He’s hungry, thirsty, his bladder is screaming at him and there is still a chance that Moriarty is on their tail – he better not say anything he’ll later regret.
Among the hundreds of missed calls, emails, texts and notifications, the very last one stands out: a picture, taken in a darkened room. Janine, tied to a chair with thick rope, squeezing her eyes shut as Moriarty kisses her temple, one hand curled around her neck.
John barely sleeps that night, expecting… he can’t really say. Something, at least. But Thursday dawns without catastrophe descending on Baker Street. John treats his visit to Mary with suspicion, yet even she doesn’t lose a word to reminisce on the past.
John lifts his own gun and follows Sherlock as the lift doors open onto the sixty-ninth floor of the office building. The view would be impressive if they had the time, but a young girl’s life hangs in the balance. Every successfully solved task brings them one step closer to saving Cherise.
John can tell where this is going. There is a strange pressure on his chest. “Why don’t we let it be a surprise?” he rasps, hoping it sounds smoother than it did in his head.
“We lack conclusive proof. Everything we have is circumstantial, which is unsurprising given that James Moriarty is the smartest criminal the world has ever encountered. However, we do know that his body was never recovered. Our intelligence agencies have only heard whispers, allusions, code words believed to indicate Moriarty. Yet his survival would explain certain, uh, discrepancies in some instances.”
“Ha, yeah – no,” John laughs. “And it’s been a good few days. Even got him to eat twice yesterday. Well, we had five cases, but, you know.”
Seeing as he doesn’t have a key, John circles around the old residential building until he finds a way to sneak in – bribing the cleaning staff may be boring, but it gets him into the staircase he remembers practically carrying Harry up. He is careful to tilt his head away from the surveillance camera in the hallway, pretending the lock picking kit in his breast pocket is actually his keys.
John shooting the assassin. John shooting his wife, unbeknownst to him, because she was threatening Sherlock.
“I’m afraid my prowess lay elsewhere. My eyes were set on politics around the same time she lost her heart to numbers and formulas.”
The consulting criminal himself is long gone – the sound of a helicopter engine roaring to life joins the bang of bullets from somewhere outside, presumably the street.
The silence stretches. John drives on, taking them southeast, one eye on his companion and another on his surroundings. At least the petrol was almost full when they picked it up and their destination isn’t too far away from London, but it still takes until after nightfall before they approach the large grounds surrounding the country house.
With an audible exhale, John steps past him and down the stairs. The other man follows, either because he knows what John is getting at or due to mild interest. Either way, John crosses his arms two metres from the front door, the message inescapably clear.
John agrees. In fact, he’s already turning around to get the SIS agent on his tail to give him a ride to Harry’s flat. In the backseat of the sleek car, he dials a number he only ever made use of on one other occasion. John still remembers the condolence card it was written on, a sincere apology above. Donovan managed to deal with her guilt and moved on, unlike some of her colleagues.
Jim doubles over with laughter in response. In doing so, the hand around John’s shoulder withdraws – small mercies.
“While I tend to think five moves ahead in every area of concern, John, you are by far not the only issue on my agenda.”
Sherlock imagined several outcomes of this meeting, yet ending up on his knees, gasping for breath, with the cold barrel of Mary’s Walther PPK pressed to the back of his head was not one of them.
The ginger hair is a surprise, but the confident smile and bespoke suit fit perfectly into what John has imagined the bloke to look like from Janine’s description.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “It was bought recently. Old money, most likely. Obviously it belongs to one of your army mates – military influence blatant in the security measures – but you barely talk about your tours, John, and if you do you use these obnoxious nicknames. I lack sufficient data to tell if this is
“No, it’s not.” John’s voice has dropped into dangerous lows. Hands clenching at his side. Sherlock swallows. “You went into cardiac arrest, Sherlock. Small-wave atonic fibrillation. You had blood in your pericardial sac, for Christ’s sake. Human hearts aren’t supposed to have blood in there, you know.”
“And we couldn’t have that, could we,” John snorts. He’s too tired to be genuinely ticked off and, now that the smell of porridge fills his nose, also rather hungry.
“I’ve been thinking about this comeback for ages,” Moriarty says with a leer. “So hard to choose a medium these days – but pictures lack the personal touch, wouldn’t you say, Cherise?”
“Call an ambulance!” he bellows at Magnussen. “Tell them there’s a GSW to the chest, three additional wounded, the shooter among them.”
“Yes,” Mycroft snaps, removing his hands from his trouser pockets and taking a step towards John as he continues, “an issue. Your world may revolve around my dear brother and his nemesis, yet mine is situated in a wider universe, one where failure translates into tragic outcomes of a bigger scope than the insignificant, albeit unfortunate, loss of an internet celebrity. Moriarty tends to distract from the bigger picture, John, a fallacy I cannot afford to fall prey to.”
John lifted his eyes to Sherlock, amazed. “Just by looking at that scarf, you knew to search for a boomerang, didn't you? That's why you were smiling back at Molly's.”
Sherlock glanced at John, arched a skeptical eyebrow, then looked back at the clients. “We’ll take your case.”
John’s mouth crooked up. “We’d grow old, you’d keep bees and I'd have a small practice in town. Molly would stop by for tea and honey.”
John swallowed, agitated by the unexpected invasion and excited by the heat emanating from the other man’s body.
Sherlock hunched over his mother's desk, a pen pressed against his lips in concentration. He stared at the mathematical formulas that filled the page in his mother's angular handwriting, willing himself to understand.
The encouragement spurred Sherlock on, his cheeks sharply hollowed, his lips forming a tight seal, his hand pumping John's slick shaft, his blue gaze burning into John's.
John rolls off, keeping a leg half hooked over Sherlock’s, nibbling his ear as Sherlock finishes himself off with a few hard strokes. Sherlock sighs deeply, a rumble that John can feel in his bones.
It's time. He needs to do it. He wants to do it. He takes a deep breath, picks up both mugs, and walks to the bedroom where John is just waking up.
Sherlock felt John's knee press against his own and he didn't move, relishing the contact. They exchanged a long look, agreeing it was time to leave.
Sherlock absorbed the information, thinking about how much of the world John might have a chance to see. In some ways he envied him, but the endless routines, strict authority, and crowded conditions of military life were far from enticing. “That's very ambitious.”
For the first time in a long time, John was lonely. The army had consumed his life for more than a year, his attention dominated by his duties. He rarely thought about romance or sex anymore, not when his hands were sewing intricate stitches in an open body, not when he listened to a patient’s lungs or heart, not when he fell asleep beneath the mosquito netting, too tired to think about anything but the next day’s roster.
Instead, he remembers reading somewhere that ghosts supposedly feed off of energy -- electricity, phone batteries, strong emotions: anger, fear, jealousy… desire.
“Let me sleep in your bed with you,” Sherlock breathed into John’s ear, bargaining for a way to let the night go on. “Just hold me, kiss me. We’ll keep our clothes on.”
Sherlock lifts an eyebrow and John bites his bottom lip, looking as if he wished he hadn’t said the last part. “I’m supposed to keep a journal,” he admits. “My therapist thinks it’ll help.” He glances up at Sherlock. “Apparently I have some issues, but you probably already deduced that.”
The gesture spoke volumes --  encouragement, affection, forgiveness --  and Sherlock smiled slightly, hoping John could read the gratitude and desire swirling in his veins.
“You are an eager one, aren't you?” John purred, stretching his body over Sherlock’s to reach his mouth.
John hesitated, keeping his lips near Sherlock's neck. “I love you. I’ve loved you since that summer, and I never stopped. I want you to know that.”
He slept unevenly, plagued with garish, nonsensical dreams. A giant glowing rabbit appeared in one, and Victor appeared in another, dressed in a red silk bathrobe and standing by the bedroom window.
Sherlock continued his instruction until John had mastered the basic pattern. “Alright, now it's time to learn how to turn. Let's clear some of this furniture to the side.”
He huffs out a laugh. “Your business is yours, Sherlock. I’ve long since learned to stop interfering in it. As long as you’re not dead or very close to it, I can manage not knowing what happened.”
says Sherlock, and before John has time to react Sherlock grabs him by the collar of his jacket, hauls him forward and kisses him full on the mouth.
“—Sherlock’s birthday, so we should have everyone over,” Mrs. Hudson says as she tidies up the kitchen. Sherlock is in the shower, and he’s been inside the bathroom for so long that there’s steam beginning to escape from beneath the door in little curling wisps. “Don’t you think? Just surprise him with a little party.”
“Public displays of affection usually make people uncomfortable,” he says. “That was bound to work.”
Sherlock sighs. “My dear John, light of my life and bringer of joy to my days, the only ray of sunshine in this otherwise bleak and terrible and dull world and so conveniently short and slow in every sense of the word to highlight my surplus of the contrary, please do pass me that jar before you begin to regret acting so ridiculously childish.”
“Asking nicely is only step one.” John shakes the jar, ignoring the sickening squelch of the contents. “You’ll have to do more than say please to convince me.”
; kissing Sherlock Holmes isn’t exactly something he’d be hard-pressed to forget—but while he remembers the kiss (and vividly at that), he doesn’t really recall what had led up to it. Or, rather, he does remember what had led up to it, but not the precious few seconds that had come before it.
“And yours is to waste both our time and your own gray matter, which is a poor choice seeing as you have so little to begin with.”
“Yeah,” John says distantly, still reeling. He wonders if that had meant nothing to Sherlock. He isn’t exactly sure how it makes him feel to think it didn’t. It had certainly meant more than it should have to him. This is going to take up all the space in his mind for another month, easy. It’s all part of the job, John thinks. Just part of the job.
“Fine,” Sherlock says distractedly, turning a page of the album. There’s another photo of the soldier; this time he’s standing in front of a large tent, squinting into the sun. Probably taken at a field hospital somewhere.
Sherlock wakes with start. He’s sweating under the bed covers and he kicks them off, disoriented, incredibly aroused and in need of release. He shoves down the waistband of his pajamas and gathers his achingly stiff cock, fragments of the dream swirling around him. He fiercely works his fist, extending the scenario.
Besides, this wasn't the first time he'd been drawn to another man. A memory from his first year shimmered in his mind: A bare shoulder, tousled blond hair on the pillow next to him. He recalled pushing himself up on one elbow to squint at the clock, his head throbbing and his mouth dry, hungover.
He folded his hands together and pressed them against his mouth, and I could tell he was smiling at me even though there was something sad in his eyes. I guess no one wants to think about growing old.
“No, don't bother.” John grabbed the handlebars of the bike, shrugging Sherlock's hand away. “I've had quite enough of the Holmes family today.” He pushed off, clearly angry.
“The back stairs through the kitchen. We’ll wake up early before anyone else so you can sneak out. We’ll hide your bike in the glasshouse tonight so you can ride it home tomorrow.”
It was that gaze, those cheekbones, that lock of dark hair falling in front of those impossible eyes, the sensations rippling from the crown to the root of his cock, the summer moon and scent of rare flowers, their rustic bed in a shimmering glasshouse -- it was spontaneous, secretive, a night charged with sex and magic, simply perfect.
John doesn’t push for details, thinking about his own regrets. He looks down at his phone, deciding to move to the next question. It blindsides him, and he stutters awkwardly. “Oh. This one is — we can skip it.”
“Fun?” Sherlock counters sarcastically. “As much fun as that atrocious parade with tractors and the Cattle Queen?”
John shakes himself, tearing his attention away from Sherlock. He adjusts the bat’s outstretched wings, then clears his throat, trying to redirect his runaway thoughts by needling Sherlock. “I really thought you’d be complaining more,” he says. “You must secretly enjoy this.”
There was a pause, a hiss of static. Sherlock closed his eyes, imagining John sitting on the edge of his bed, woken up by the call, hair mussed, shirtless.
John can do little more than run his hands down his face as if he's trying to wake from a strange dream. He looks lost, uncertain, everything knocked sideways. “I’m just… I don't know what to say…”
He stands under the stream of water, letting it massage his upper back. The corner of his mouth curves up when he realizes two hands have begun kneading his shoulders.
Somehow, with some help from John, the fly was undone, braces shrugged off, trousers and drawers pushed down, exposing the length of John’s cock. Sherlock gazed at it, taking in the plump veins and dusky hue, darker than his own skin.
They were quiet, both knowing morning was coming too soon. Sherlock wanted to say so much, distilling his thousand raw thoughts into one confession spoken into the darkness. “I'm afraid I'll never feel this way again.”
Sherlock wrapped his legs around John as they kissed, clutching him tightly. He often imagined what complete intimacy with John would be like, John slowly coaxing him open, the hard tip of his cock gradually penetrating him.
The honey suddenly left a trace of bitterness in Sherlock's mouth. He was trying not to think about the empty months ahead at university, trying not to constantly count down the his remaining time at Musgrave Hall. Ten days. Less than 240 hours left.
“Just looking forward to the end of the semester, I guess.” In truth, John was looking forward to seeing Sherlock in the office in a few minutes. They had disbanded the strict schedule and were now free to come and go at any hour they pleased.
Sherlock quickly calculated the pros and cons of the situation. He’d get out of his mother’s stuffy study more often and away from the house. On the other hand, it meant more hard work. An image of John’s bare muscled back lingered in his mind. Maybe the additional physical labor would be worth it…
He glimpsed the skyline, a jagged line of skyscrapers reflecting the fiery orange of the early morning sunlight.
“Just down here.” Sherlock led the way into the dark canyon of brick walls and garbage bins, coming to a halt in front of a metal door covered in flaking red paint. He checked his watch. “We’re early.”
He casts his eyes around the room, searching the dark corners for movement, his senses on high alert. He can detect nothing, but the hair on his arms stands on end.
“It’s home,” John added, meeting Sherlock’s gaze. He slowly realized their knees were touching under the table, neither of them making an effort to shift away.
“I've also set an appointment at the tailor’s to have you measured for a few new suits and shirts. Whatever you need to make yourself presentable. I dare say you've been on your knees so much this summer that your trousers are worn through.”
John took a deep breath and looked at himself in the mirror. He smoothed the hair away from his forehead, examined his scruffy beard. He suddenly could pinpoint his unease.
He works off his gloves as he climbs the steps, the scent of antiseptic soap from the surgery still clinging to his hands. He enters the sitting room, his eyes adjusting to the low light.
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth lifts slightly. “You do have a one-track mind,” he says mildly while turning a page.
Rebuffed, John chewed his bottom lip, wondering what he should do. They had fallen out of touch more than two years ago, his letters to Sherlock remaining unanswered. Despite his better judgment, he'd continued writing anyway, hoping to maintain a thread of connection.
John did not hesitate. He wrapped up his business, packed his luggage, said his farewells, and boarded the plane, a quiver of excitement lodged low in his belly.
John takes a sip of tea, reflecting. “When I was overseas, I was surprised by how much I missed the city. I lived here when I trained at St. Bart’s, and I came back again when I was first shipped home from Afghanistan. Funny how you keep returning to the same things over and over.”
John flexed his leg experimentally, surprised to discover there was no pain. “I can't believe it.” He looked back up in wonder.
John shook his head. “No. I'm wide awake.” John didn't want the evening to end, and he felt Sherlock didn't want it to, either. Where could they go?What was there to do in a small village after disproving a murder? He offered an idea, suggesting one of the few places he was familiar with. “We could go to the lake.”
Now he sat in a cramped conference room, the monthly faculty meeting droning on. John pinched the bridge of his nose, wishing the chair of the department would wrap up her overly detailed budget report. Sherlock was seated across the room, his eyes closed, possibly sleeping.
I was so busy negotiating my own inner and outer life that my dad became a peripheral object; always there on the edges, but no longer my central focus. There was always something more important. An essay to write. A boy I liked. Swim practice. A pair of shoes I really wanted. Exams. A first kiss, dry and unmagical. More kisses, a broken heart. Sad music and bad poetry. Discovering I liked to write, but feeling conflicted because I also liked science. I was mildly panicking at having no idea what I wanted to study at university. And then I was suddenly 17.
The next Friday night, Sherlock was greeted with the scent of shallots simmering in butter as he climbed the stairs to the flat. Through the open door he could see John standing stocking-footed in the kitchen again, sleeves pushed back, dropping a handful of dry pasta into a pot of rapidly boiling water. There was music again, jazz. Chet Baker.
Sherlock twisted again, still not seeing it. John stood up, took the few steps over to Sherlock, now just behind him. He lifted his hand, extended his index finger. “Lower down.” He stopped talking and demonstrated, placing his finger into the hole, touching the warm skin through the fabric. “Right here.”
John smiled, a little surprised at the question, but he thought seriously about it for a moment. “I don't think it's just one color. It's all the colors of the sea. Blue, green, grey. Or maybe,” he paused, brushing a wisp of hair from Sherlock's forehead, “it's your eyes.”
John felt the glow in his chest again, the flame stoked even stronger with Sherlock's unexpectedly tender and revealing words. Sherlock did not know how big his own heart was, or its immeasurable worth, which stirred another wave of protectiveness in John. He would guard Sherlock's life, aid his work, feed him, heal him, support and inspire him with whatever meager talents he possessed.
It wasn’t a question, but a statement. John stroked his beard, considering his reply. “Sometimes. The adrenaline… the heat of the moment, life or death decisions… it can be addicting.”
John slowed down when they approached a good-sized hill, guiding the car up the incline at a respectful pace. He pulled over to a grassy patch along the side of the road when they reached the top, cutting the engine.
Sherlock blinked, realizing he'd been so focused on himself that he’d forgotten to think of John. Here was an offer to shift the balance, trade places, as it were. John was giving him permission to unbutton and explore his body this time, going as far as he was comfortable.
“Molly Hooper, did you chat up an officer of the law for information?” John asked in mock accusation.
John switched on the small desk lamp and pushed the door shut, making sure it was locked for privacy. He looked around his room, messy as always, thankful that he'd at least washed and folded his laundry yesterday. He moved a stack of clothes off a chair and onto the dresser, then turned to his guest.
“And how’s the new book coming?” I asked while strolling around the kitchen, looking out the windows at the views.
John began staying with him quite often during Olivia’s year traveling abroad. John missed her, found the house too empty with her gone. He started spending more time helping on cases, sometimes even accompanying Sherlock on his investigations, sometimes staying more than one night.
The towel was soft, freshly laundered by Mrs. Hudson. He swept it down his arms and legs, skimmed it over his neck, breathed in its floral scent as he dried his face. More lavender.
John stares at his drink again, afraid he's already revealed too much. But he can't stop. “I don't know why or how, but there are some things you cannot explain with pure logic. Whether you call it a spirit, or energy, or a soul -- there's a thinner line between the living and the dead than you think.” John exhales heavily, afraid to look at Sherlock and see the scorn in his eyes.
John finishes a few gentle strokes up Sherlock's neck, just above his Adam’s apple. He steps back to assess his work, checking for any missed spots. He lays the razor on the edge of the sink, scrutinizing Sherlock's face. Not a errant patch, not a nick in sight.
“It seems so.” He tilts his head, observing the knife from another angle. It was placed with care, not violence, leaving the books unharmed.
Sherlock takes out a small magnifying glass for a closer look at the marks, then stands up, glancing at Molly in her lab coat. “What do you think caused the bruises?”
“Now, give the smoker a few good puffs near the hive. We’ll wait a bit, then I'll lift the cover up a crack, and you give it a few more puffs of smoke.”
They followed a little-used trail that veered off from the main path, finding themselves on the far side of the lake. They were alone, Sherlock realized, a sudden flame of desire sparking at the base of his spine.
Stupid, so stupid to even let his mind wander that way. Sherlock's passion was his work, nothing else. He'd been very clear about that from the beginning. Here they were, alone, but Sherlock was focused solely on the investigation, caught up in the case.
The mattress dipped with Victor’s weight as he sat on the edge of the bed. Sherlock could barely open his eyes, but he wanted to see Victor again. He was there, smiling faintly down at him, still stroking his temple.
I colored in a red stormy planet as she told me this. I loved how she talked to me, not sugar-coating words. She was the most honest person I knew.
Sherlock can read through Mycroft’s stilted words and knows he’s flustered by Sherlock’s praise. For some reason, he misses his overbearing brother. “Maybe I’ll have dinner with you at your stodgy old club when I’m back.”
He walks away, the sound of his footsteps on this particular stretch of pavement all too familiar. He finds himself drifting past the house on restless nights, a soft glow from the upper windows, watching a silhouette slowly pace across Rosie's room.
Truth be told, he felt nervous about seeing John again, worried that he would come off as an arse. At least Molly would be there. She had a way of putting everyone at ease.
I stepped back, my eyes teary, my drunken heart brimming over for their happiness. Despite years of pain and obstacles, they were finally home, together, content, still very much in love.
Simple means accepting what they have and living in the moment, setting aside everything else when they are together. When it is time to part, they go their separate ways. They cannot ask the other to change, to quit, to give up anything.
Sherlock glanced between them, noting John's broad smile, hands on his hips, the color rising on Elizabeth’s neck, a dimple forming in her cheek. Good God, were they flirting?
Sherlock didn't resist, stretching his frame along the cushions, gingerly placing his head in John's lap as he held the handkerchief against his lip to stop the bleeding. They were quiet, watching the shifting flames and embers.
John took a breath, started to say something about not letting things go to waste, then stopped. He settled for a simple "Yes." He stirred, and they both watched the liquid gradually disappear into the grain.
“Don't you want to know the rest of it?” John lifted his eyes to Sherlock, challenging him. “Or can you tell just by looking at me?”
The dreams gradually ebbed, glimpses of John becoming rarer in his sleep. Bit by bit, he rebuilt his life, hardened his armor, steeled his heart to function in the world again. He sealed the photos and diary in a box, slipped into a dark suit, and threw himself back into work. But now he needs to remember.
He turns to look at the empty room. As cozy as it is, it’s not right. It’s incomplete. He craves Sherlock’s company. He can’t think of anyone else he’d rather be with.
Sherlock keeps his eyes trained on the biscuits, then turns wordlessly, presenting his back to John. He slides away the towel draped around his neck, fully exposing his shoulder blades.
Sherlock's mouth was warm, a soft fumble laced with whiskey. John tilted his head, welcoming the second inexpert kiss, and the next, and the next.
He turned suddenly and entered a cafe, needing to warm up with a cup of tea and a sandwich before returning to his rented flat. For the first time in memory, there had been no family gathering at Musgrave Hall. His parents were away on a lengthy holiday, something they'd talked about doing for years, and he’d arranged to stay in London rather than rattle around home alone.
Sherlock never came to our house. He always found an excuse not to visit, claiming work or an experiment prevented him from leaving. I don't think he felt at ease in the suburbs, too many playsets and lawn mowers and flower boxes for his taste. Or maybe it was just too strange for him to see Dad in such a domestic context.
“I think you need some rest,” he said evenly. “I'll show you where your room is and bring your things in.”
He slid his hand up Sherlock’s arm, drawing him closer, kissing him along the curve of his jaw, tilting his head to find his lips.
“I love you,” John murmured again, almost giddy with relief at finally saying the words that had haunted him for years, “I'm yours. Completely yours.”
“Sherlock --” John halted, afraid, his verbal brain freezing. He stopped thinking, tipping toward Sherlock, crossing the distance between them.
He doesn’t finish the thought, knowing it’s too much to ask for. Instead, he straightens his back, lathers his face, and draws the razor through the foam, carving out his sharp features, the faint tremor in his hand almost imperceptible.
When Sherlock woke hours later, the sitting room was dim and a warm blanket covered him. He blinked sleepily, breathing in the smell of something delicious heating on the stove. He struggled to wake fully, but the coziness of the sofa pulled him back under.
He regretted not taking at least one photo of Sherlock, but there hadn’t been time, it all had happened so quickly.
The woman glanced at the clock that hung on the wall. “My father has left for the day. I can make an appointment for you later this week, if you'd like.”
At the pub, they ordered their drinks and found a table near the window, watching people pass by as they drank. Sherlock tried to think of something to talk about, but drew a blank. Somehow, sitting together in a comfortable silence seemed to be enough.
Forgetting dinner, John grabbed his jacket and followed Sherlock's rapid descent down the stairs, somehow simultaneously delighted at the prospects of both crime and Christmas.
Sherlock straightens up slowly as John stumbles on with his confession. “I haven't gone out with anyone in ages… I've told myself I’m too busy, it's too complicated with Liv…. But I haven't been interested in anyone, either. No one… except you.”
“Oh, for heaven’s sake,” Mrs. Holmes snapped at him irritably from her cluttered desk. “Go read a book or something. I need some peace.”
John glanced back again. It wasn’t obvious to him at all. “Okay, then what about that bloke, the man with the dog?” John nodded at a man walking a small dog along the pavement.
John swiveled his head, expecting to see another burly bodyguard or grungy backpacker. Instead, his eyes widened at the striking profile of a lean man with dark wavy hair and sharp features, the sleeves of his white shirt rolled up to expose tanned forearms, the line from his shoulders to hips tapering in an elegantly pleasing ratio.
John’s other hand drifted under the t-shirt, coming to rest over Sherlock’s hip. Now both hands were on Sherlock’s waist, and John found himself lifting up onto his tiptoes, his eyes on Sherlock’s nape, his lips ghosting across the taut skin under the knob of his spine.
He glanced at her once more, her face composed but tired. A wave of fondness washed over him. “I'm going to miss you, too,” he said quietly.
John drew up his feet, using the mattress for support, and tipped his pelvis upwards, his hands grasping Sherlock's waist.
“John, wait.” Sherlock rushed his words. “I do this kind of work because I owe favors to powerful people. I’ve done some questionable things in my past, and I'm working off a debt. This damn contract ends in a month and I'll be free.”
There have been encounters; he's not exactly virginal. There was someone he thought was special once, a lifetime ago. But it was never like this -- he's never felt this way. Cared for, adored. He's still adjusting to that, so his own hands feel clumsy in comparison, impassioned words catch in his throat before he can say them aloud.
He gazed around the room again, noticing a music stand, a magnifying glass, and a grinning human skull on the mantle. He stared at it, wondering if it was real. It certainly looked convincing. He couldn't begin to imagine what his potential flatmate did for a living based on the oddities on display. He continued to note little details until Mrs. Hudson carried in a tray and set it on a side table.
He turned onto the road that led to John's house, trying not to admit to himself what he was doing. He would pass by, and if he happened to see John outside, he would say hello. Perfectly normal.
“It’s old, but it has all the amenities you require.” Mycroft turns the cup in his hand, hesitant. “There’s one more thing…”
Hannah steps uneasily into the room and tries the light switch herself with no success. They look at each other in the semidarkness.
“Uh-huh,” John grunts in eager agreement. They scramble to their knees, fingers fumbling at buttons and zippers, kisses sloppy and hurried,
The faint breeze shifted, sending the smoke in their direction, stinging their eyes. Sherlock didn't care, the scent of burning wood permeating their hair and skin, imprinting the night into his senses.
“Perfectly normal, considering what you’ve been through. You’re in a strange house, you’re tired, under stress…”
Sherlock can tell Mycroft is doing his best to navigate the unfamiliar territory of expressing concern. “Nurse Cornish says I’m recovering well.”
“Oh, yes. I particularly liked the case called ‘The Elephant in the Room.’” She turned to Sherlock. “And your website, The Science of Deduction. I was fascinated by the indices of tobacco ash and perfume.”
Sherlock couldn't move his eyes away. Had he ever properly appreciated the width of John's shoulders? The strong line of his jaw from this angle? The boiling water was heating the room, making Sherlock warm. “I’ll just… pop out and get a bottle of wine, shall I?”
He wasn't talking anymore. He reached up to the knot of Sherlock's tie and adjusted it slightly, then ran his hand lingeringly down the length of silky fabric, his open palm coming to a stop on Sherlock's chest.
“Oh, perfect,” John snaps sarcastically, dismayed at the failing light. His luck really couldn’t get any worse.
He slides the fabric from John’s shoulder and sees his injury — an uneven patch of damaged flesh, pale and healed over. He touches it, marveling that they both bear similar scars.
He can't wait anymore, can't be afraid anymore. John tugs up his shirt, pulls it over his head, discards it to the side. He looks up at Sherlock and steps forward, gathering Sherlock's hips in his hands, drawing him closer.
John clasps his hands behind his back, imagining what he would do if he had the luxury of free time and a house on the coast. “I'd write.”
He pictures John nuzzling her head, breathing in her sweet scent, humming to her. An exquisitely tender world that Sherlock has no right to disrupt, no matter what he feels for John. It must remain a secret.
“If we hurry, you can still catch the 8:00 train,” Sherlock offers. He’s memorized the schedule, although he never takes the train to visit John. He can't invade that space, a home he pictures filled with children's shoes and scattered toys and bright paintings Olivia brings home from school.
Sherlock arched an eyebrow. “Of course I do. Sensational literature provides an excellent window into the dark depths of the human soul.”
He had no claim on Sherlock, and so it wasn't his business who he did or didn't sleep with or why, or what porn he watched (although Sherlock really could do that on his own laptop, couldn't he?), and he should just be grateful that he was getting to spend an all-expenses-paid holiday with the one person in the world he most enjoyed being with. They were together and that was all that mattered.
John felt his face flush, not sure how much to read into Sherlock’s comment. Had he posed as a room service waiter? Stolen a key card and hidden in the closet, watching as the man undressed? Or had he expertly
I pulled open the door and curled into a ball on the back seat, my eyes stinging with tears in the darkness.
“John—” Sherlock’s neck was craned around awkwardly, but he let it fall back to the center when John’s hand curled around his side. “Oh.”
That voice. Deep, velvety, self-assured. John raised his eyes to the ceiling half in thanks, half in rage. He let the rage win out, stringing together a blistering set of curses that could peel the paint off furniture.
John missed the ease with which they had once conversed. Sherlock had always been brusque, no surprise there, but now there was a carefully maintained distance between them that John didn't know how to overcome.
John searches his eyes, and Sherlock holds his gaze. John gently strokes a lock of Sherlock’s hair back from his forehead, then runs his fingers through his curls, lingering at his nape. The gesture is intimate and soothing, a motion done many times before.
Sherlock hesitates, then says what they're both thinking. “She's smart. She's not a little girl anymore. She might figure it out.”
“Liv, I'm fine,” he said again, this time softly. “I could never move without you. This is our home. You're my daughter. You're the most important person in the world to me.” His voice almost broke, and he blinked a few times, then tried to smile. “You can't get rid of me that easily. Not for a little while longer, anyway.”
Sherlock started the car and turned it around. He slipped on his sunglasses even though the sun was at his back. They didn't speak, deep in their own thoughts.
“You've got the chills,” Mrs. Hudson offered helpfully, crossing over to the stove to stir the simmering pot. “Good thing I brought up some soup for you boys.”
John rolled a quarter turn, an elbow propped next to Sherlock's ribs, a palm smoothing down his shoulder and arm, continuing to his hip. He would never get his fill of tracing the contours of Sherlock's body, the hard bones and sleek muscles and plush curves.
He’s beautiful like this, creamy skin, long lashes casting shadows across his angular face, his lips slightly parted. Sherlock raises himself on his knees and grasps John’s cock, guiding it to his entrance. John holds his breath, still amazed at how it feels, slowly pressing into Sherlock’s body, sliding in.
His stunning eyes were as sharp and searching as he remembered, the youthful bloom of his face grown more angular and striking, his shoulders broader, his presence riveting. The lanky young student he'd known all those years ago was now this sinewy man whose intensity smoldered like dark embers, ready to catch fire.
“Same,” John smiles, sinking down in the pillows to find Sherlock’s mouth, his fingers cradling his jaw, their lips meeting a gentle caress.
John sat beside him on the pebbly shore, his blue shirt open, his green swimming trunks on. Sherlock felt exposed, his pale chest naked. He made the preemptive strike. “How’s your book coming along?”
John glanced at him over his shoulder. “Did I mention that Mum took Aunt Helen to see a specialist about her bad hip? They won't be back until tomorrow afternoon. We’re here alone.” He ended his explanation with a sly smile.
“True. He knows what he's getting into.” Mycroft took another sip, then held the glass up to the light, evaluating the color. “I must say, the two of you are looking well. Flat sharing seems to suit you.”
Cool fingertips guide his mouth down to warm lips, invisible. He can feel the smile hovering over John’s mouth as he gathers him closer with fumbling arms.
Sherlock cards his fingertips through the silky hair at the back of John's head, enveloped by the warmth of John's body. He smiles back, reassured.
He fits the key into the lock and lets the door swing open, then flicks on the overhead light. They stare in silence, taking in every shade of purple, violet, and lilac imaginable, their gazes simultaneously coming to rest on the one bed in the room.
"I'm not the one who forgot to pack the shaving kit, am I?" Sherlock asked, dipping his head again to kiss John's throat.
A nurse strides into the room, and Mycroft drifts out of the way so she can do her work. The nurse has an interesting tattoo on her arm, something with a bee and honeycomb, but Sherlock’s attention shifts when sees the exhaustion on Mycroft’s face and his uncharacteristically rumpled suit. He belatedly realizes that Mycroft has been keeping vigil by his bedside for countless hours. He’s oddly touched by this display of brotherly devotion, and takes the opportunity to give Mycroft a gruff reprieve. “You look like hell. Go home. I’ll be fine.”
“Oh, work, work, work. There’s more to life than that.” She lets out an exasperated breath and looks like she’d like to say more, but restrains herself. She smooths back her hair with one hand.
Sherlock took him in with a sweeping glance. “Single with a good job, but unsatisfied in his work. Frustrated poet.”
“The vampire tightens his grip, sharp fangs penetrating delicate skin, the first taste of sweet blood a revelation, a succulent nectar, an intoxicating drug. He sinks his teeth in deeper, and she cries out. The victim’s struggles barely register, the vampire lost in a frenzy of feeding, sucking out the rich, pulsing lifeblood, the hot liquid gushing into his mouth, running down his throat, climaxing in an orgy of ecstasy and death and dark rebirth.”
John hears the clipped tones of Sherlock's voicemail and he considers hanging up. Instead, he leaves a message. “Hey… Just wondering where you are. Give me a call, or whatever, to let me know you're okay. And… merry Christmas… I miss you.”
“Christ…” John grunted, pelvis bucking, neck straining. “Ah, God -- Sherlock…” John stroked one hand down his own chest, fingertips brushing over his peaked nipples.
Seeing it through new eyes, Sherlock had to admit it had a certain beauty. For once, he kept his sarcasm in check. “It is, in a way,” he agreed. “Where did you grow up?”
Sherlock saw the moment John’s muscles tensed and he turned around, knowing he was being watched, his eyes searching for the source of the gaze. Sherlock swore under his breath, then stepped into view, trying to seem nonchalant as he crossed the yard to where John stood.
John barely heard Sherlock call out his name before his ears roared with the white noise of an impending orgasm, the rush of blood, balls tightening, throat gasping, cock pulsing, drowning under waves of pleasure.
John kisses him hard, feeling like he’s falling into a void, his heart tumbling, the crudeness of his cock and hands and mouth the only means of conveying what he’s bursting to say,
Had he intentionally been trying to pique John’s interest, dropping that innuendo about the ski instructor’s room and moaning under the masseur’s hands? Leaving a trail of porn sites, venturing into the subject of kinks?
There was a hole in Sherlock’s t-shirt, a small rip along the side caused by the fabric catching on a drawer handle or a seam wearing out, John didn’t really know. He’d noticed it about a week ago, a little flash of pale flesh revealed when Sherlock moved in a particular way, a peek of skin on his flank, that territory of firm muscle between the ribs and the hip.
His fingers go next to John’s waistband, working open his trousers, pushing them down to join the other clothing dropped on the floor, pools of cotton and wool and silk. Sherlock admires John’s strong thighs and his cock — oh, it’s a gorgeous thing, long and thick, the pink head budding from the dusky foreskin.
“Lots of people never come back.” Sherlock kept his eyes on a bird circling above them, suddenly feeling philosophical. “The war, the Spanish flu -- do you ever wonder why we survived when so many others didn't?”
I considered this for a moment. “What about best friends? They’re sort of like soulmates, aren’t they?”
As he shuts the door, his eye is caught by a glow through the hallway window. The moon, large and yellow and luminous, is rising past a thicket of trees. They had spent the better part of the afternoon tramping through the grounds searching for clues, finding nothing.
John sank into the armchair, feeling ill, stung by the spite in Sherlock's voice. He’d been a fool to think that Sherlock would read the letters. Sherlock had no idea what had happened, what he'd been through. He dropped his eyes to the rug, wracked with returning guilt and self-loathing, not wanting to dredge up the past again. He took a few steadying breaths.
“That’s an egregious oversimplification,” Sherlock countered. “But then, that’s your blog in a nutshell, isn’t it?”
“I know what I saw,” Mycroft replied, holding his gaze. “Your heart is ruling your head. And if you're not careful, your heart is going to be broken.”
The question landed like a punch to the face. John stared at him in shock. “I wrote to you. I told you.”
“She is a marvel,” John agreed, his stomach grumbling. He accepted the tea that Sherlock handed to him. He wasn’t sure how to broach the subject of what had happened last night, so they sat down, arranging their cups and fiddling with their forks and knives.
Several weeks passed, the weather growing warmer and the days longer. John was tinkering with the Model T that he had parked in the shade near the garage, trying to find the source of a rattling noise his mother had complained about.
John did as asked, his arms braced on the desktop, a faint breeze from the open window playing with his hair, the city eerily silent in the small hours of the morning.
Sherlock peers at the corpse of a man in his late 20s, scrutinizing the bruises covering the left side of the body. The marks are long, thin, and purple, crisscrossing the skin.
John nods. “Sorry.” He notices Olivia has flopped onto the couch, her back to the kitchen, her nose buried in a book.
She leads him to the tree that's now aglow with lights and ornaments. John gazes at it, then at his daughter who is beaming up at him.
There is a bird outside the bedroom window, its chirping passing through the glass pane, seeping into Sherlock’s morning sleep.
Sherlock pauses in the midst of winding his scarf around his neck, being careful of his bandaged finger. “I'd like that.”
John looked up, trying to place her, then took several steps forward. “Ah, yes…” he struggled for her name.
John gave a noncommittal shrug that seemed to indicate acceptance of Sherlock's indirect apology. He stood up and moved to sit on the edge of the bed, gesturing for Sherlock to take the chair.
With a sinking feeling, John shut the freezer door and opened the refrigerator, hoping against hope that he would find something more enticing to eat. A limp head of lettuce, a bright yellow lemon, and a bottle of ketchup. An expired carton of eggs. A wedge of Parmesan.
“I could ask the same,” John points out with a small smile. His face grows more serious. “I didn't say anything… because I was afraid you didn't feel the same way.”
John held Sherlock's gaze as he slipped off his shoes and socks, then slowly worked open his belt buckle and fly. He was starting to enjoy this little strip tease. He hooked his thumbs in the denim over his hips and paused, drawing out the suspense a little longer.
“There is no us,” John growled, tired of Sherlock’s constant flipping between hot and cold. He’d had enough of his emotions being kicked around.
John's shoulders go slack, anger drained. He wordlessly reaches across the table and entwines his fingers with Sherlock's. “I’m sorry,” John says softly. The pressure of his hand increases. “But I'm never leaving you, not unless you tell me to.”
They rose in the wash of early morning light, silently pulled on their rumpled clothes, and crept down the hallway to the kitchen stairs. They slipped out the back door, making their way to the glasshouse where John's bicycle was stowed.
Embarrassment streaks through John. “I just… It didn’t seem important enough. I didn’t want to bother you.”
John let out a laugh, shaking his head. “Remarkable.” He looked at Sherlock again, surprised and impressed with his observational skills. Sherlock was grinning at him, his hands in his pockets. John smiled back, the warmth stirring in his belly tempered by the grim discovery in the stream.
“A handshake, then?” Sherlock asked, heavy with sarcasm, wanting to hurt John. “Is that the proper, manly way to end it?” He held out his palm, trying not to tremble. John didn't take his hand, lowering his eyes away.
Guess what? I'm a fool for bittersweet angst and have written a companion piece to this story from John and Sherlock's POV:
Never fear -- the journey through the Swamp of Angst will eventually lead to the Land of Happy Endings. We've got a ways to go though...
Sherlock lifted the bicycle into the back, then settled behind the wheel. They drove a few moments, passing John's house. No one was outside, but the car was parked by the garage. He turned his attention back to Molly. “You were the one who called it off.”
He pulled open the double doors of the morgue and walked in authoritatively, ignoring the antiseptic odor and tags hanging off stiff toes. He made a beeline to a small figure hunched over a stainless steel table.
He was a middle-aged man, for Christ’s sake, John chided himself. Why was he acting like a nervous teenager?
They held each other's gazes until John looked away first. He rubbed at a scratch on the table, knowing Sherlock was absolutely right. He had no place lecturing him; he was just as culpable. He leaned back in his chair, resigned. “Point taken.”
Sherlock’s lips barely brushed behind John’s ear as he pressed into his back, slowly melting John’s body like soft wax as they bent over the desk. The snap of the lube cap, Sherlock tracing the cleft between John's buttocks, inserting one finger, two, working until he was pliant…
In his mind palace he’ll build a special room — a desert tent — where he can visit his captain, his toy soldier, his rough golden lover.
He scoffed at himself. It was a ridiculous idea. People were idiots. He grabbed a folder of papers and retreated to the kitchen to make a cup of tea. An empty tea tin and sink full of dirty dishes greeted him.
“What?” he snaps. “I’m working. … Yes, of course it’s a case. What’s so urgent? … Oh, God, tell her no. … Absolutely not — I’m not doing that again. … I’m not going, Christmas was enough. …. Fine, fine — I’ll call her. ”
Sherlock looks up quickly. Did he just speak? The captain holds his gaze, and slides his hand up higher, his fingers curving over Sherlock’s inner thigh.
John stood on the porch, feeling like an idiot. “Okay... So let me know if you have any questions about my comments. I, um, I’d best be off.” He turned to go, wanting to crawl into a hole. What else had he expected?
Mrs. Holmes now stood by the window peeling off her driving gloves, prattling on about how the neighbor’s dog had been digging in her flower garden again, ruining the delphiniums.
A pool of frigid air sinks over him and he shivers again, his nipples hardening. A strange pressure trails slowly down his chest, lingering near the bullet wound. The sensation is cold, painless, yet somehow unbearable.
“Nothing,” he lied. He was thinking back to his Army days, a stifling desert tent, tempers flaring, and the best blow job of his life. Not a story he was going to share at this particular moment.
He placed breakfast on the dresser top, still moving quietly. He turned back to the bed, indulging in a moment to admire the nude figure tangled in the white sheets, still asleep.
He dries his hair and face, then his body, and slips on his dressing gown, leaving it untied. He stands in front of the mirror and wipes away the steam, gazing at his face. It’s familiar and unfamiliar, like looking at a reflection in a deep well.
A soft warmth covers his mouth, surprising him, teasing with playful kisses and darting tongue, moving from lips to neck to temple, keeping him guessing. He blindly explores John’s body, finding intriguing slopes and angles. The game soon turns more serious, kisses growing long and sultry, hands moving languidly down backs and shoulders.
“Don’t stop,” Sherlock groaned. He could come from just this friction against John’s body, this shared rhythm in the darkened room. He ground himself harder against the muscle of John’s thigh, climaxing with a soft cry against John’s neck. John held him, murmuring into his hair, guiding him to the end.
Sherlock continues to lock eyes with John. He wants to consume him, wants to absorb every cell into his own body, merge with him completely.
Sherlock woke from a fitful sleep, the air too warm, the bedroom still unfamiliar. He lifted his watch from the side table, squinting at the face to read the time. Nearly 2:30 in the morning.
"Still running a low fever," John announced. "Keep drinking liquids and rest. I'll get you some paracetamol. Be right back." He turned to leave.
He twists, nearly loosening Sherlock’s hold, but his grip is strong. They wrestle, huffing out short laughs and grunts, rolling in the snow, roughhousing like two Huskies vying for the role of alpha dog.
John is nearly finished. “So there’s a constellation of Orion, pretty easy to find, bright stars outlining his shoulders, belt, and shield.” He snips the tread. “There. All done.”
Sherlock’s eyes snap open. John feels exposed, hoping his thoughts aren’t written all over his face. He clears his throat and deflects back to the game. “Well, what scent of candle would you choose?”
“John… I'm a fool. I'm reckless, inconsiderate, an insufferable arse. I've taken you for granted.” Sherlock paused, took a breath. “But the truth is… you are my anchor. And I don't want to lose you because of my stupidity.”
Want more spooky fic? Check out 'An Offer of Immortality' and 'Lightning and Sea Glass' on my Works list.
John nodded, biting his lower lip. “I don't blame you. I didn't mean to complicate things by writing…”
Sherlock draws back slightly, slowly opens his eyes to gaze at John. “Husband,” he murmurs, still getting used to saying the word. He likes it. Loves it.
The kiss was soft, a tenuous brush of lips. John breathed in, heart racing, feeling Sherlock inhale shakily at the same time. A tilt of mouths, realigning, remembering, and a second gentle kiss followed, longer, lingering on John's lower lip.
“So why not just drug me, or whatever you usually do, and just take the bloody computer? Why go through all that --” John stopped, gritted his teeth, overcome by the remembered sensation of their bodies pulsing together “-- all
He envied them a little, feeling a bit nostalgic for his own youth. Those days were long gone, his hair now mostly silver, his right knee achey, his glasses a necessity for small print. But his heart was still young — and foolish enough to be completely smitten.
Sherlock undresses slowly, wincing when he draws his shoulders back to slip off his dressing gown. He glances at the angry wound on his chest, noting the gradual progress in healing, but trying not to dwell on it. There will always be a scar there to remind him of his close call.
He strokes the healed wound again. John deserves something better, someone he can rely on, someone who can be there day after day to help with parenting and providing a comfortable home, a predictable future, and steady companionship. Someone who won't bleed out in a grotty London alley.
He should have approached Sherlock more delicately, slowly insinuated his attraction, telegraphed his willingness to do anything Sherlock wanted.
Sherlock rolled to his side, shifting to his knees as smoothly as a cat, pushing John back down against the folds of canvas. He laid a trail of kisses over John's chest, teasing at his nipples, then down his stomach, his fingers straying to the button of John's trousers.
John takes a breath. “And this is his right shoulder.” His finger covers the next mole. He waits, expecting Sherlock to protest or stand up, but he doesn’t move. John takes another chance. He’s not a doctor at this moment; this touch is not professional. “His right knee... is here. And his left… here.”
John bolted from the copy room, stuffing the quizzes into his bag as he hurried down the stairs, swinging onto his bicycle he’d left propped against the building. He rode home quickly, his legs burning as he pedaled furiously uphill, his chest still tingling where it had made contact with Sherlock’s body.
Their eyes roved appreciatively over each other's bodies, taking their time. John wet his lips and Sherlock smiled inwardly, a shiver of anticipation running up his spine. He'd often imagined John naked, undressing him mentally, discarding clothing piece by piece, always lingering over the thought of what might lie beneath his rather ordinary underwear.
The scrape of a lock turning against hard metal caused John to avert his head, avoiding contact, and hastily step away. The door behind them opened inward, held by a grim looking man. He swept his gaze suspiciously over them, finally resting on Sherlock.
Sherlock crosses over to the desk and picks up the house phone, listens. He slowly replaces the phone into the base. “No connection.”
He eventually turns onto his other side and Sherlock loops an arm over his hip. John closes his eyes, opens them again briefly to confirm that his phone is on the nightstand, just in case, then settles into the curve of Sherlock’s chest. They still have another day.
“Don't know… Most likely there's money involved somewhere, something valuable in the house, or the property itself.”
Sherlock’s hands still as he absorbs John’s words. He looks up, finally making the connection. He remains wordless, trying process the fact that John just referred to him as beautiful.
John fretted his way back to the flat, where he paced the sitting room. What was he going to say when Sherlock returned?
“I don’t get along with my sister, either.” John took a drink and wiped his mouth, sensing an opening for asking his next question. There was no subtle way to do this, so he forged ahead. “So, you're not flying back to see anyone else? Like a girlfriend? Boyfriend, maybe?”
He pushed his hair back with one hand, trying to settle an errant curl. He just needed to get through the next hour, then he'd be free to meet Molly and John.
He’s forced to take a break in the late afternoon when Hannah prods him to get off the sofa to get some more exercise, so he prowls idly through the house, feeling like a caged animal. He returns to the library to continue his research, annoyed to discover that Hannah has moved his laptop.
John turned onto his other side, trying to find a comfortable position. It wasn't easy living with Sherlock and holding a torch for him all these years, but he wouldn't have it any other way. He loved Sherlock -- loved him as a friend and companion -- but also as something more, unspoken, unrequited. It pained him, knowing Sherlock didn't reciprocate such feelings, that he had no apparent use for sentiment or romantic relationships, but Sherlock, for good or bad, was where his heart had landed.
It was an odd sensation, as if Sherlock's hand now covered his own, or he had magically melted into Sherlock's body. He slowly inserted his right hand into the other glove and flexed his fingers, another waft of rich leather greeting him. He could see the lines where each of Sherlock's long finger joints had creased the glove, his own hands much smaller.
John looked up, startled by his mother's voice. “Afraid not,” he gestured toward the engine. “I'm not sure what’s causing the noise.”
Trying to grasp her latest work felt like chasing a rabbit as it skittered ahead into a dense forest. He stumbled after the nimble creature with increasing difficulty, able to track it only so far until it vanished into an impenetrable thicket.
The corner of John’s mouth lifted. “Still not sure I trust them.” He wiped his hands on his trousers. “Have you seen Molly?”
As they waited, Sherlock reached out silently to adjust John's shirt collar, the simple gesture of intimacy making John’s heart skip a beat.
The lights of a cinema marquee came to life, couples and groups beginning to fill the tables at nearby cafes.
Sherlock walked away from his parents quibbling about the phone call and flipped through the front pages of the book, breathing in the scent of fresh ink. He paused on the dedication page, his heart skipping a beat.
Sherlock took the spoon and dipped it into the thick liquid, quickly bringing it to his mouth before the honey could drip away. A golden burst of sweetness coated his tongue, floral and herbal notes shimmering through.
His eyes then landed on the piece of paper that had slipped off the pillow. It was a sheet torn from a notepad, the hotel logo emblazoned across the bottom.
He slid his fingers along the desk, across the wardrobe, opening the double doors to peer inside. A light dinner jacket, cotton shirts, and several pairs of swim trunks hung from wooden hangers. Sherlock reached out and brushed his hand along the shirts, memorizing their soft fabric, running his fingers reverently down his favorite, the blue one.
Once again, he thanked the inventor of telephoto lenses. He sucked down the second beer. And thank God for alcohol. Two beers would steady his nerves. Three might even make him feel normal.
John is much more relaxed since they moved here, much more open now that they are retired. It helps that Sherlock's list of enemies has thinned considerably with his lowered profile. He given up risky cases, concentrating instead on unsolved crimes from years ago that Lestrade sends his way. Someday, he may suggest to John that he accept living clients again -- just simple cases -- but not yet.
They both sit up, catching the trails of a giant sparkling bloom filling the horizon. They watch silently, shimmering stars, streaks, and blossoms hissing and shrieking and sizzling in hot reds, electric blues, sulfurous greens, incandescent whites.
John plays with a lock of Sherlock’s hair. “I’ve often thought that. But now I’m not sure. We’re together right now, despite everything.”
Sherlock looked up from his laptop, his expression vaguely annoyed. "To determine the decomposition rate of vegetative matter under a specific type of clay soil -- never mind. I'm not going to do it now." He flicked his wrist dismissively toward John. "Don't worry. They were on sale..." He turned back to his screen.
Sherlock is too shocked to react. Although the coldness and floral scent soon dissipate, the words on the mirror linger.
After a few more moments, Sherlock’s system calms. He takes a deep breath, exhales, loosening his grip on John’s arms, but not letting go. He doesn’t want to lose their connection; he needs to touch him.
Sherlock sat across from him, warming his hands on his coffee mug. He watched John eat, his eyes drawn to one pink nipple peeking from behind a fold of fabric. He delicately adjusted his pyjama bottoms that had grown a bit tight in the groin.
Sherlock stretched his arms over his head luxuriously, his ribs standing out against his taut skin. “Good God, man, I need a moment to recover.”
Sherlock sat impatiently at the cafe table, adding too much sugar to his tea and snapping off the corner of a ginger biscuit while he waited for a contact to collect a heavy packet of documents from him. It was for a case Mycroft had asked him to take, quietly exhuming the life history of a minor politician -- schools, travels, love affairs, the lot. Sherlock pressed for additional details on what exactly he should be looking for, but Mycroft refused to divulge more information.
Sherlock gives in, unable to say no to either one of them. “Fine. You win,” he capitulates dramatically. He bends down and sweeps Rosie up, swinging her over his head and onto his shoulders. “Let’s go find that dragon.”
The Christmas roast is in the oven, Harry and Olivia are putting the final touches on the tree, and John is hiding in Harry's bathroom with his phone clutched to his ear.
They stand facing each other, vibrating with unspoken tension. Sherlock’s pulse races, his eyes searching John’s face, trying to read him, trying to
“I try to be,” she smiled, squeezing his hand briefly. “Oh -- guess who I saw this morning at the bakery? Ian Dimmock,” she said without waiting for Sherlock to answer.
Mrs. Hudson dried her hands on hands on the dish towel, looking around the kitchen with a sigh. She had washed the dishes and scrubbed the sink, swept the lino, hoovered the rug, and tidied the messes of papers and magazines as much as she dared. She certainly wasn’t anyone’s housekeeper, but the boys had been gone so much lately that she felt a little cleaning was in order.
She shoots him a tired look and trudges up the stairs, ignoring his protests that it couldn’t possibly be in his bedroom. In a few moments she’s holding the laptop triumphantly as she descends the steps.
The words came out of his mouth before he could plan them. “I don't want to go.” His eyes met Sherlock's. “I want to stay.”
Their mouths are so close, their warm breath mingling, pulses hammering, skating on the edge of something dangerous. Every nerve is concentrated on the space hovering between their lips. Sherlock closes his eyes against the pain of his heart beating manically in his chest.
He takes a quick drink, averting his eyes. When he dares to glance up again, Sherlock is skimming his fingers over his scraggly beard. John wants to dismiss the subject as quickly as possible, skip over what was possibly an insult. Sherlock isn't completely helpless.
They exchange a long look, ending only when John reluctantly lowers his gaze away. He turns the knob of the heavy black door and pulls it open, about to leave.
He ends the call and holds the phone a little longer, trying to tamp down the sense of yearning tightening his chest. He hasn't seen Sherlock in weeks, social obligations and holiday preparations filling up all the weekends. He would be delighted to never attend another dull party at some self-important surgeon’s home.
He gazes at the circular shape soaked into the floorboards. Probably just oil from a lamp spilled decades ago. Highly unlikely that blood would leave such a permanent stain. However, if the wood was soft like pine, perhaps the porosity would create such an effect… He wishes he could pry up a sliver of wood to analyze in the lab.
“I see.” She looks dubious, but gallantly strives for an encouraging response. “I’m sure it must be very interesting.”
Sherlock took a breath, wishing he knew what to say to hide his naïveté and deftly salvage the situation. No words came out.
He had come home, downed an inordinately large tumbler of whiskey, retreated to his room, and fallen into bed, waiting for the alcohol to kick in and the room to tip and sway.
After several more poses, they returned to the front of the shop where Miss Smith took down Sherlock's information.
“Mmhmm, I've missed you,” Sherlock panted against John's throat, bending him down against the luxurious grain of the bench seat, quick fingers working open John's fly.
“I do some work at St. Bart's Hospital. He mentioned he had a friend looking for a flatshare. I didn't anticipate this.”
The sand gradually shifts into a desert, a soldier in a drab khaki uniform standing on a rocky ridge, his face hidden in shadows. Sherlock strains to make out his features but the soldier turns and walks away, disappearing into shimmering heat waves on the horizon, leaving him alone.
Only years of experience keep John on top of the assailant. He knows that voice. He hears it every day.
He caught Mary selfishly seizing the chance the commotion provided to flee the scene but couldn’t follow, not amidst a rain of bullets and with his gun several metres away from him.
The camera pans, focus shifting. Behind Moriarty in front of a generic white canvas (either hiding the background to avoid the location being traced or a red herring) sits a young woman that looks strangely familiar.
The thought of Spotted Dick, who is actually Gary and the chaviest bloke John’s ever met, living in this mansion is hilarious enough that John forgets his nerves for a moment.
The ambiguity of the statement is certainly not lost on his brother, whose mask cracks, showing a hint of worry – though it’s Sherlock who should be concerned without being able to pinpoint why. There is something gnawing at his mind, an echo from the depth of the galanty show his neurons conjured up for him during his coma.
“It’s bloody cruel, that’s what it is,” James curses, his grip tightening on Q’s shoulder. “How old was she?”
“Unfortunately so.” Mycroft shifts his weight, his unease obvious even to John. “That first time we crossed paths was unintentional, but it ensured Moriarty’s continued interest in my career.”
Molly pales visibly and even Greg blanches, though his copper’s mind continues to pull at the problem. “But why expose her? If you’re saying he’s helped her escape?”
Deductions are made without conscious decision to do so on Sherlock’s part, though he fathoms he should be glad that his mind didn’t suffer from whatever happened after he fell. He will need to get his hands on his medical records sooner rather than later.
The thought of spending forty hours a week at the place where Mary entered his life (forced her way into a lift one day and dazzled John with an exciting tale of one of her patients, actually;
“As far as the public is concerned, you and Mary are both visiting my brother together. Being spotted on your own would call into question what I have so delicately planned.”
“It’s not the first time. His current record is fifteen days,” John says, trying not to think of that Adler woman. “We’re only on day five.”
“It’s all there, hidden in their personal files: Alice Pearson, the first victim, left her little sister alone at home so she could snog her boyfriend when she was a teenager. She had also left the oven switched on, causing gas to leak and subsequently ignite. Her sister spent six years in a coma before being taken off life support. Brendan Tavoli was playing with his father’s gun when he accidentally pulled the trigger, unaware that his little brother had been looking for him. He was dead immediately. Mark Gleeson failed to check his sister’s skiing gear before they set off. She broke her neck, much like Lukas’s twin when he shoved him in the living room while high. They’d argued over the last bag of crisps.”
Sherlock doesn’t know what he is asking of his… his best friend in this moment, whether he is saying ‘goodbye’ or ‘come along’. He leaves it up to John to decide.
What he does is take time off and entertain Sherlock by helping him work through the backlog of cases in his inbox. It feels a bit like playing secretary, but it keeps him occupied and away from memories associated with hospitals since Sherlock insisted on being transferred to a private rehab facility.
John can’t resist the chance to salute. He hopes that Sherlock misses the spark in James’s eye as the man returns the gesture.
The doorbell rings, signalling Greg’s arrival. He’s not alone, though – Molly has arrived along with him. She gives John an awkward wave.
The ‘we’ and ‘our’ grates on John’s nerves. “That’s… good,” he manages before escaping Janine and the pompous Gideon.
John uncrosses his arms and gives a curt nod without a moment’s hesitation. Mycroft Holmes mirrors the nod, then leaves. John watches with a sinking feeling in his stomach.
Cold air fills his lungs like a revelation. John takes a moment to swallow down the anger he refuses to name the cause of and massages the bridge of his nose, squeezing his eyes shut against the night.
They are all there, from Janine’s stolen necklace (dubbed, “A Scorned Man”) to Miss Peregrine’s greedy solicitor. Not one word on Mary or Moriarty. It’s almost as if John has uncharacteristically chosen denial over confronting problems head on.
The shout gives way to laughter, a cackling almost, that stops when another whimper escapes the girl in the background.
Then Mycroft calls to check in, and everything – Mary still on the run, the threat of Moriarty dangling above their heads – comes back in a rush that makes it hard to stay upright.
“Her genius was of use to the government. She was recruited early. She introduced you to chemistry, Sherlock,” Mycroft adds. “She brought back Redbeard when you were five. A gift.”
“Sir,” Q tries to assuage him, “we know from Semyon Somerton’s hard disk that there is a hacker of immense capabilities in Moriarty’s ranks. And frankly, there is a lot less skill required to manipulate traffic lights without leaving a trace as one might think.”
“Yes,” Sherlock confirms. He has that lofty tone that heralds some of his simpler deductions, the ones even John would have been able to make… eventually. “Quite obvious, really. Mr Moran barely recalls the surnames of his staff, yet was able to provide Mr Jones’s without hesitation. He also knew where we was most likely to find the man, and in doing so almost slipped into calling him by his first name, which begins with an N, I presume.”
“Really? I rather thought the moral is that he’s unpredictable, dear brother,” Sherlock quips, emerging from the A&E bloke’s care. “I’m surprised none of us got whiplash.”
Q obeys, though he does not have to lie when he informs M that there genuinely is no trace of any external influence.
Mycroft enters the room hours later, looking as though he didn’t sleep at all. He is also carrying a brown paper bag.
“But you’ve got seven; all right, let’s see if I can get this – hang on.” John narrows his eyes at their surroundings. “What are we doing at Bart’s?”
“Oh, I wasn’t aware solving crimes paid so handsomely,” Moran sneers. “Do you get half, or is your share proportional to the amount of help you provide?”
“Since Bart’s? No, must’ve been before that – after the pool?” John catches the minute twitch of Mycroft’s throat. “Before? How long before?”
RL became a tad busy, so finding time to write was a bit of a challenge. But here we are, gearing up for the grand finale!
“A criminal organisation, believed to be originating from the Waters family in London, spanning the globe. You might recall the series of bank robberies that Detective Inspector Lestrade was investigating.”
“And this is the master of the house, Sebastian Moran,” Janine says when a tall, muscular man rounds a corner.
“Wrong move, Mrs Watson,” Moriarty growls from the phone now lying on the concrete floor, still on speaker. His presence fills the room regardless. “You have nowhere left to run. Wherever you go, I will find you. I will kill you, oh yeah, but only after I make you watch what I do to John Watson. I’ll make Helmand look like a ride at Disney World…”
“That was my intention. However, I miscalculated. It seems that Mr Magnussen and my brother share a memory technique.”
“No, John, you mustn’t believe that. All that was real, I swear! I was only supposed to keep an eye on you, maybe seduce you. It stopped being a job for me on our second date.” A smile blooms on Mary’s face. “Remember that, darling?”
“Aw, brilliant,” Janine beams. “Danny will be thrilled; the bastard’s an amazing baker. I’ll drop by tomorrow, all right? We’ve got a meeting in the afternoon, but after that I’m free. I’ll bring another tin. Can’t have our favourite detective starve to death, now, can we?”
Mycroft holds his glare for a moment, then makes his way to the decanter on a side table. He pours three glasses, two of which he places in front of them. He empties the third in one go and promptly refills it.
It is the first thing John registers when he wakes up for a third time. The first was too fleeting, the second… John swallows.
“Find me in a nutshell,” Sherlock finishes, almost stumbling over the words in his hurry to get them out.
Mycroft huffs, but reluctantly admits, “He hasn’t made demands. Magnussen enjoys the power that comes with the unequal distribution of information. We will find a way.”
“Donovan called; said she’s a no-show at the agency.” Lestrade’s voice, in a tone that suggests he only just started on the case. “And Mycroft’s men are checking CCTV city-wide.”
“Should you be saying that about your boss? In his presence?” Moran points out, but Janine slaps his arm playfully.
He meets John’s quizzical gaze even though the last thing he wants is to divulge details on that particular time in his life. “I used to be a… a guest there.”
It’s just that, though – a fantasy. An illusion that shatters as soon as John opens his eyes in the real 221B.
John squeezes his eyes shut. He wants to kick something but he can’t take his hand off the wound, can’t remove the one lifeline he still has left.
Janine seems to concede the point but somehow fails to explain who the ‘we’ is she’s referring to and why John could be interested in joining them.
Mary, for one, refuses to talk to anyone but her husband. John’s reply is a simple but forceful, “No.”
“It’s not a trick,” is as far as John gets before none other than Mycroft Holmes descends on them, pushing into the living room like a storm cloud.
From the looks of Mycroft, John might have just as well said it out loud. He hates being this transparent to anyone, but whom is he kidding? Everyone reviewing the surveillance footage of the factory will see where John’s priorities lie, whom he instinctually shielded from the hail of bullets.
Sherlock’s eyes are already fixed on him, spelling out what has been tugging at the back of his mind ever since Moriarty’s mercenaries showed up – they’re outnumbered.
Mary hums. “And for a boy? Hamish?” She snorts before John can react. “No, we don’t want to be that mean, do we?”
On the floor, Janine begins to stir. Sherlock scans the pairs of fighters to witness John leaning back to evade a seared blade, which he then turns on the attacker, ramming it between the fifth and the sixth left rib like only an army doctor could.
Tonight, however, Zed seems to be in a strop. Maybe she is still mad for the night Q spent at HQ instead of at home where Zed could annoy James and him. Not even flicking on the light summons the cat.
A window breaks not far from them but Sherlock focuses on wrestling the gun from Janine’s grip, which earns him a kick to the knee that destabilises him. The gun drops to the ground but the woman is quicker – she sends it across the linoleum floor with the force of her kick.
Q swallows and nods since he does not trust his voice at the moment. M sighs, running a hand through his greying hair.
It’s the ringing of his mobile that wakes John. The sun has barely risen but Greg’s number is flashing on his lock screen, meaning he already texted Sherlock but failed to get a reply.
John ignores Mike’s calls and Greg’s texts asking if he wants to meet for a pint. He ignores his house in favour of Baker Street. John ignores pretty much everything until the head of Human Resources at his surgery asks him if he wishes to return after his leave is up.
The woman doesn’t bat an eye at the volume of his voice, or his tone. “This is a delicate situation.”
“I’ve got it under control,” Harry assures him. The way she’s wriggling out of her dress makes the statement fall flat, though.
“Liar,” Moriarty goads. “Why else would you spend two years dismantling my network? Nice work, by the way, really. Kudos. Really drained the swamp over there. Saved me a lot of spring cleaning.”
Bond simply places the box on the floor near Zed’s paws, says, “I’ll make some tea,” and retreats to the kitchen.
Mycroft remains unimpressed. “I’m exploring every option.” A weary sigh. “There’s an east wind coming, Doctor Watson. We must be vigilant.”
Sherlock releases an audible breath. He’s preparing for a deduction, John realises with a flash of panic. He needs a distraction.
As if thinking along similar lines, John wonders, “Why here? There must have been shelters closer to the city.”
John approaches tentatively, inching closer and expecting a fuss, but he manages to take Sherlock’s pulse without a problem. It’s racing and his skin is clammy. At least his pupils are reactive. Regardless of what else is going on, John reasons, Sherlock is definitely dehydrated.
Heaving a sigh, Mycroft places his umbrella on the kitchen counter next to John’s empty tumbler. He isn’t wearing a coat, or else he probably would have removed it in order to buy some more time. John feels his lip twitch as his chest swells with anger.
“The Waters gang,” John suddenly remembers. “You said something she did cost a life. They’ll be –” he breaks off as he connects the dots. It’s like plunging in ice water.
John raises his fist, but he doesn’t get much farther than that since a giggling Harry places her hand on his forearm, stopping him.
A carpeted hall leads John towards Sherlock’s voice – yet his relief is short-lived, shattered by the sight of a black-clad figure pointing a gun at Sherlock’s chest, Magnussen kneeling at their feet.
“What Doctor Watson is endeavouring to communicate, as per his usual maundering,” Mycroft intervenes, “is that you might reconsider the gleeful expression your current predicament evokes.”
There is a faceless woman following Sherlock about like a shadow. Try as he might, she remains outside his reach, her blue dress slipping between his fingers. He feels like he used to know her. He used to know many things but now, surrounded by his crumbling palace, he can’t even remember the way out.
“She died when you were eleven after you hadn’t seen her for a whole year and a half. She spent most of your life away from our home.”
“Like you’re going to do anything about it.” To John, she says, “No worries – he needs her more than she needs him.”
“Glad you caught on,” Sherlock says, tone clipped. He pointedly unlocks the safety on his firearm with a dramatic flourish of his coat. Still a drama queen, then.
Licking his lips, John forces himself to look at the other two men in the room. “Well, we’ve, uh, got to find Moriarty. I doubt he’s in the yellow pages?” No one laughs, which John expected, though it looks like Sherlock’s lips twitched at least. He crosses his arms. “Maybe Mary knows where he’s holed up?”
There’s an amused glint in Mycroft’s eye – at least that bastard is having fun – when he pulls his hands out of the pockets of his trousers and steps towards the door behind him. John tracks his movements with narrowed eyes until it becomes clear that he is only telling one of his agents to fetch Major Sholto.
A resigned sigh. John can tell she wants to tell him to toss off, but she doesn’t. “I’ll check if anyone brought her in.”
“… pecan, maybe pecan pie, some Americanism; or pistachio – Italy isn’t too far from Spain after all…”
“Drop your weapon,” Janine demands. Its only effect is John’s anger evolving into fury. “Now, John.”
John whips around to Sherlock, who repeats the acronym. Mycroft’s mask slips further, guilt welling up again through the cracks.
Right – Sherlock, with so much sadness in his eyes when all this time he’s been so straight-faced and collected. Sherlock, who didn’t think it might be necessary to tell him that his own wife is
Greg stays, even makes a crack about taking a photo for the lads at the precinct that John chuckles over, but asks too many questions John doesn’t want to think about.
“Like you found a way with Moriarty?” It comes out like a snarl, and John belatedly realises how angry he is. “What’s the plan this time, hm? More family secrets you can trade?”
