is slowing me a little.”
"It was the piece of dark magic Voldemort used to prolong his lifespan. It involves concealing a piece of your soul inside an inanimate object. He modified it; he even used it on a living thing, his snake at the time. It's dark and obscure magic, and good wizards like yourself know nothing about them. Dumbledore was fiercely against letting any knowledge of them near the shelves of the library at Hogwarts, even at the restricted section."
“I will agree with that. Sherlock Holmes and this is my partner, John Watson.”
“I understand, I do, Alissa, but we need a plan. We can’t afford unpreparedness this time.”
Sherlock dismissed his sister and went back to staring at the maps. Victor walked back to the table and went to stand next to John. He whispered into John’s ear,
“Tell me.”
A while. Sherlock could work with that. Because he wouldn’t kiss John Watson in that mustache.
“Shut up.”
"Yes, yes, I'm British, even though I finished my Magical education at Beauxbatons Academy of Magic. You can guess why?"
Rory stood close to John, throwing an arm around Jack. He was taller by a barely an inch, and John thought they looked really great together.
“So pleased to finally meet you, Mr Hudson. John has told me all about your time together in hiding as muggles. Victor, this was the friend who escaped with John when they were eluding the Muggleborn Registry.”
“You said you meant it.”
"I believe you, John. I still want to talk with Mycroft about this whole thing. Especially if you two are back together."
"But she only has one sister, and I thought she only had that niece that usually visits her, not that I've ever seen her."
"After the memorial, I left for Luke's, where Harry was still in hiding, and she slapped me in the face the minute she saw me. She thought I was dead, you see. Tonks told neither Oliver nor Luke I was working for the Order, in case something happened and their position became compromised. After I told her Luke was dead, she fell on the floor and cried, stopping only after four hours and grabbing a bottle of Firewhiskey from the mantle and drinking half of it in one blow. Harry almost died, this thing" he tapped the glass in front of him "is not for muggle consumption. When my sister woke up, she asked me if things were safe now, and when I said yes she asked me to leave. I guess Harry was also there when Oliver came a few days later, she never really told me, but I know they keep in touch even know. He was the one who went to Harry and Clara's wedding, the one she wanted to give her away. When she is drunk, sometimes she tells me I'm not her 'real brother' and starts calling Oliver's name. He has even apparated in her house when I visit unannounced and disapparates immediately as soon as he sees me. Three years passed before Harry spoke to me again after Luke's death, by which I had already cut all my ties with the magical world, except for one. Once a year, on her birthday, Minerva McGonagall goes to the Muggle post office to retrieve a birthday card, and I get one through muggle post every year too. After that, I decided to enrol at Uni, I was 21, not too old for starting, and the rest after that you know or already deduced."
“Yes. Someone used magic on this rock.”
“I’m not challenging that.”
“So, what you did with my wounds the day I came back from Serbia?”
“This will heal nicely without a potion. Too bad it bit you in an already sensitive spot.”
"It was my sixth year! I missed the sorting that year! I was snogging with Alicia Spinnet before the feast started and Snape gave us both detention!!! He was waiting outside the Great Hall, the slimy git, probably waiting for Harry. Both him and Ron crashed a car into the Whomping Willow that day, and he caught them unaware. We were sent to McGonagall's office and came down when they were finishing the sorting with Ginny Weasley."
“Y-Your eyes...”
today?”
“He likes to lick it.”
“Still, it’s a party, and your mother worked hard, we are getting ready and going downstairs.”
“Thanks, mate. You saved my life.”
Victor looked at the handles, and pointed his wand, checking for transfiguration or any other possible traps. Sherlock glared at him, and the man just shrugged.
“Shit. He’s in hypovolemic shock.”
"Care for some company?"
“John, Holmes, pleased to see you both. Dennis and Prewett made contact this morning. Apparently, they are hiding in a British Base in Afghanistan. My brother-in-law is preparing a portkey for them as we speak, so they can fully tell us their ordeal.”
Emma Carstairs and Julian Blackthorn
Victor yelled as he continued blocking the curses, but started walking towards his opponent, who tried to curse him but couldn’t stop him from coming forward. Sherlock and Alissa began to do the same, John and Harry shielding them. As soon as they got close, Sherlock kicked Madame Delglove on the knees, grabbed her arm and took the bracelet, as she struggled not to lose her wand and tried to fight him off. As soon as he got it, he used the same silver ropes, the spell finally touching her. Soon, all three opponents were bound and on the floor.
“Yes, she told me you here coming straight back here! Straight back!
“Oh, he did, but he sucks at transfiguring stuff, not that I would tell that to his face. I hope Harry noticed. Or at least that they make Harry do it. Ok, here goes nothing.”
“Well, yes. You become insufferable unless you have eaten first. Probably something to do with old age and blood sugar.”
He sighed, like he was trying hard to rein his emotions. Sherlock knew his brother better than anyone, it was minimal, but he could see it.
"Sebastian Moran. Moriarty's second in command. Who happens to be a rogue wizard, wanted by every Ministry of Magic in Europe and the Magical Congress of the United States."
Translation from Gaelic:
Hearing his brother use his given name, he knew before entering that Ragnor was dead. He went in anyway. He found the warlock he once loved dead on the floor, a darkened wound on his chest. Still as he remembered, forever unchanged, pale green skin, white hair, horns in his forehead, visible warlock marks that made impossible for him to wander undetected without the use of heavy glamours. His eyes, those eyes filled with wisdom and knowledge, now closed forever. He grabbed his unmoving body and wept.
“Sure, but we’d like to see our daughter first if you don’t mind.”
Victor was starting to look a little drained. Even if he was immune, he had sustained multiple bites from a deadly plant less than an hour before. John himself wasn’t duelling at his best, and Sherlock was exhausted. Moran seemed full of energy and hatred, and Sherlock had to keep protecting himself and Alissa because the latter was unconscious.
“Well, well, if it isn’t the lapdog. Tell me again, where is our dear Jim these days?”
He handed the wand to John, who looked at it with interest.
“Sorry mother, Mycroft can fix it later. This” and he showed the exact place he marked “is the exact location of the warehouse. According to the star charts, temperature feel and darkness, he is going to be there today exactly at nine thirty. We need to ambush him there.”
“So, we are expecting company then, probably people I know. How many Shadowhunters do you expect tomorrow?”
He loved the man who was now sharing a bed with him for so long; he couldn't even remember when he started his devotion to him. Maybe from the beginning. He took the right side of the bed, and placed his wand in a similar position as Sherlock’s was in the opposite side, he should get a holder now, he had one for his Browning for God’s sake, and slipped under the covers, pulling them from under Sherlock. The detective took his wand and motioned the curtains closed, darkening the room. The only light left was the glow of the laptop, and as he turned, he felt Sherlock scoot closer to him and place a hand on his shoulder. It took him only a couple of seconds to fall asleep.
“I do. I love you.”
"Can you do a reconstruction of the events?"
“I probably suck at Quidditch now.”
charm is a nasty piece of magic.”
Ianto’s face lit up, and he started moving the gears and programming a destination in the control panel.
“I believe I have to thank you for my life, Johnny. So good of you to realize it was blood loss and not poisoning.” He sighed. “I guess I wasn’t meant to die tonight. Go figure. My cells kept transfigurating into blood cells, trying to keep me alive against better judgement. I probably lost some bone or muscle in the deal. Nothing a modified Skele-Gro can’t sort out, apparently.”
Update! And on time too, since I'm right now at the other side of the Globe it feels like success to me. Thanks to everyone who is still reading.
“Ohhhh! A full Tornados uniform! I love it! I’ve always been a sucker for men in Quidditch robes.”
“What are you talking about Mycroft Holmes?”
“Precisely that, brother. Try to keep your temper to yourself.”
“Also, the reason you always choose dark suits or dark colored shirts if you are wearing only a shirt, which is never.”
John grabbed the man by the shoulders and pulled him down, finally shutting him up with a kiss. It started hard, Sherlock’s hands going immediately to John’s bare back and his touch felt like being burned and electrocuted at the same time. Sherlock took control of the kiss, his tongue teasing John, coaxing him to open his mouth for him, which he did with pleasure. He could feel all the blood flow going down and felt a little underdressed because he was being snogged senseless by Sherlock Holmes and he was wearing nothing but a towel. John pulled away from the kiss, and almost started again when he saw Sherlock’s mouth was following his. The doctor kissed the man’s nose instead, and Sherlock whined.
Despite what everybody thought, despite what he felt or still feels sometimes, they had never been anything more to each other than friends, never boyfriends, in John's brain too stupid a word for men their age, or lovers. Even if he had to admit, at least to himself, sometimes a more than conscious desire that things were different for them when he wished that things were less complicated, no third parties involved, no hearts beside their own at risk. And because marriage or the intent of marriage was required to breach the International Statute of Secrecy, he never told his friend anything about his life before leaving the magical world. Even his wife, his wife now pregnant with a possible magical child, didn't know. He planned to tell Mary if and only if the child showed any sign of Magic. There was more than one reason he never asked for the license to inform a partner from the Ministry. One, he didn't trust his wife and second, he didn't want to step back into the Magical world in the first place. But fear for Sherlock's life, losing him again, had been enough motivation.
"Yes, those scars on his back are hideous, if I must say so. I bet if we gave you the right books, you could get rid of them."
That same boy, with red curls, was smiling at him, expensive racing broom in hand.
“We were wondering, honey if you wanted to see your baby girl.”
He opened his coat and extracted three vials of blood-red potion that he started pouring unceremoniously into Victor’s open mouth.
“She said no every single time, right?”
“She is going to be a beauty,
“Then you deserve a scolding as well, John Watson, you and Mycroft are supposed to be the reasonable ones here. I guess you are leaving all the thinking for the women in this family then.”
Sherlock remained silent, his hand still possessively placed on John’s back.
And he started laughing, and John was almost angry when he stopped. He gave John back his wand, before adding,
“No. I think this one doesn’t care about physical strength or anything like that. The man who made this wall was at his emotional limit. You can sacrifice either one of these: a cherished memory, a skill you have or a good idea. The wall will review your sacrifice and deem you worthy or not of passing. But after you state your sacrifice out loud, you will forget all about it; you would lose the ability or the idea. It’s morbid but brilliant. Makes sense to probe people, make them choose between sentiment and getting to him. The fact that it lets you choose shows more mercy than I expected from a man like Moran.”
“Of course I mean it. I’ve known you for just a couple of days, and you’ve saved my life more than once, you’ve proven you are a loyal and good friend. I already named her after you. Besides, Sherlock has known you for ages, and he still likes you, and that’s saying a lot coming from him. I let you call me awful nicknames and Johnny without punching your lights out. I think that says enough.”
It was nice to have someone around who ate at all. They grabbed a quick bite at the Leaky Cauldron, Victor giving John gossip about the patrons, all of them he seemed to know from somewhere. Some people waved at him as they left or passed through, it appeared the man was a social butterfly. John insisted on grabbing a shepherd’s pie to go to take back to Baker Street, even though he knew Sherlock probably wouldn’t touch it. It was already dark when they left the pub, and John grabbed Victor’s arm before he asked and apparated them both into the kitchen in Baker Street. Sherlock jumped from his chair and grabbed John by his arms, almost shaking him, fear in his eyes, looking up and down, assessing for any damage.
“Andrew, we are on a mission. You are going to get us both killed. Gideon and Stephen are going to kill us if we screw this up.”
How could you ever do that to your poor wife? She directly told you not to go, and you go around bothering her when she is in such a delicate state! I would have expected something like that from Sherlock, you know all the dreadful things he has put our dear John through, but you?
“There’s too many of us. Some alternate doors in the Department of Mysteries only let one or two people pass. I believe if we choose the correct door, we can all pass. We have to open all doors at once.”
John left the Ministry of Magic quickly, apparating inside a cupboard in the clinic, where he had stashed his muggle clothes. He quickly changes, holding his robes in his hands. The clinic was full of people at that time of the day, so John was extremely careful to fold the clothes in a pair of surgical scrubs. He left the cupboard and saved the bundle in his locker. He walked to the reception and chatted with the receptionist, and was able to give a warm and heartfelt answer when she asked about Mary. It had been months since they both worked together, Mary quitting when all disaster struck.
“Let’s go, sis, I know a lost fight when I see it. It was a pleasure to meet you Mr. Lestrade.”
"That was indeed not funny, Victoria. Oliver."
“So where is she?”
“One of the first things Mycroft did after leaving Hogwarts was proposing a remodelling of the inside of the Department of Mysteries, which used to be a security nightmare. He was a junior official, barely out of Hogwarts, but he is one of the most brilliant minds in the Wizarding World, which I will deny saying if any of you repeat it. So basically he transformed it into a maze, a bloody dramatic thing with circles and moving doors which harbours every secret known to wizards in Great Britain.”
Mummy looked back at John, trying to glare at him, but John could see her heart wasn’t in it, especially after Sherlock claimed his spot beside him and placed his hand on his back, where it belonged.
She ran the stairs, just to almost bump into Sherlock, who was already wearing his Belstaff and scarf, no doubt Mycroft alerted him as soon as John got the message.
And with that, Anthea walked out, leaving the detective and the doctor alone in the flat. John was so tired; he didn't even feel hungry at all as he thought before,  though the last time he ate was a vague blur in his memory. The doctor moved to the kitchen, turned on the kettle and started to get busy making tea. He threw in some toast for good measure, dry toast because Sherlock didn't seem to have any jam. Who did his grocery shopping now? He went back into the sitting room and placed the cup in front of Sherlock.
He took a job at a new surgery, flirted with the staff. He decided to grow a mustache, because his recent use of magic had left him looking a couple of years younger. He hoped his new addition aged him as much as Mrs. Hudson kept telling him it did. He still missed Sherlock every day, more than he missed Ragnor, and he wondered what that told about him.
for years. When she passed, they moved in with me. I used to have non-magical staff before, but nothing can beat house elves. Sherry, this is John Watson, you have seen him before, but he hasn’t met you properly. This is Sherry, my housekeeper.”
“Yes, Sherlock. I’m a warlock, a half-breed. I’m the offspring of a demon and a human.”
"This is an old alchemy text. Madame used to read me about the old alchemists, like her great-great uncle, Nicholas Flamel."
Instead of surprising him, it seemed that only made Oliver more interested in Victoria. John tried to lock eyes with her, but his height and her mob of admirers made it an impossible task. Sherlock saw what he was trying to do, and he walked to the group of people and rudely extracted Victoria from her fans, who walked behind her and followed until he gave them another look. They probably thought he was going to curse them because they backed out, but kept observing Victoria from the sidelines, waiting for their next opportunity. The woman in question laughed at Sherlock, who was whispering something apparently funny in her ear.
John looked surprised at the comment. Harry didn't like Mary, but she was elated when he phoned her about the baby. He guessed she probably went to every Puddlemere game since Oliver was their coach after retiring as their all-star keeper.
They ate silently; Victoria was retelling her escapades to Mummy Holmes, who was listening with an amused look on her face. Sherlock was playing with his food, not touching anything until John gave him an ‘Eat or else’ look, so he started nibbling on some toast. It was then, while they were quietly around the table that Alissa went stiff. Her eyes turned violet, and she started moving her fork, scratching her plate. Sherlock stood from his seat, holding the chair behind Alissa, as Mycroft pulled out his wand.
“Sal, go get the boss. Tell him we have unexpected guests. You know the drill, umbrella by the door.”
“Time Lord?”
John gave Sherlock a handshake, aching to link his fingers in the detective’s hand. Then he grabbed Mycroft’s offered hand, as the man began to mutter a difficult spell. The doctor could see silver cords going from Mycroft’s hand into John’s, and into Sherlock. John thought how much Mycroft must trust Victor’s judgement because this was something he wouldn’t bestow on just anybody. John could feel the spell binding him to Sherlock, and it felt like an anchor. As Mycroft finished the spell, he released John, who continued to hold Sherlock’s hand in his. The man then opened the void where he kept Sherlock’s wand and handed it to John.
"I guess I have to call Tum now. This case is starting to be so much more bothersome than usual, so much legwork ahead for all of you. I offer you my condolences."
"Pick up the receiver, John" he almost whispered in his ear.
"Oi! You are the one sleeping with an old man."
Will Herondale and James Carstairs
"Yes. My sister sometimes sees the most gruesome things. In spite of that, she is the sanest human I know. Well, I take that back, after all, she married Mycroft."
"I hear you now, trust me, I do. So. You seem to like her."
"I saw my parents less and less after the years went by. I was training as a Healer at St.Mungo's when Voldemort took the Ministry. It was a stealth job, as you sure know, but they soon started rounding up Muggle-borns and sending them to trial in front of a committee. I was at St. Mungo's when the Ministry officials came for me, but one of the members of Order of the Phoenix saved me. Remus Lupin sent a Patronus as a warning to me because Minerva McGonagall found out somehow that I was next. I managed to escape with my wand and went into hiding with another healer in training, a muggle-born named Roman Hudson. We were able to pass as muggles, and we hid right here, in London, got menial muggle jobs and hid in plain sight. I wasn't counting on them finding my parents, though."
“When you told Victor you were not gay.”
"Could you elaborate? I don't have a direct line into your mind palace, Sherlock."
He held a small bottle, filled to the brim with a golden liquid.
“Clearly your partner doesn’t mind staying home alone with the baby today. He is the motherly type, if I remember correctly. How is my beloved nephew?”
“And godmother?”
"They used to date. Well, not Victoria and Sherlock. Victor and Sherlock."
Sherlock looked at John. The man clearly thought he wasn’t lying, he could tell the signs, he was basically a human lie detector. So, instead, now the two of them were delusional.
"Yes, I think we must pay a visit to my meddling sibling at work today. The magical one, of course."
“And I’ll do it if he even looks at me the wrong way, Mycroft. You don’t have to worry. I trust John’s judgement completely. I trust this man with my life.”
“Sherlock! Long time no see! Good to see you haven’t acquired manners since the last time we saw you.”
“They are comfy.”
“So are we going there?”
"Alissa and Victor were both exchange students, and you see, we clicked together from the beginning. I was the only British student in my year, and even though many students were foreign, the French ones never liked the know-it-all Englishman, that is what they called me when they were feeling benign. Both Alissa and Victor were there only for a year from Ilvermorny, and well, Victor was British, and Alissa was American, so we talked to each other in English while the rest of the student body only talked French in school. People hated our guts. Well, they hated Victor and me, Alissa just stuck with us through all. She could have made more friends if she had left us to our own devices. You see, Victor is a prick, and he was, still is, a very handsome man, but he was sometimes cruel and had a very dark sense of humour. I barely escaped expulsion five times that year. Alissa saved our arses every time, pleading with Madame Maxime, begging for another opportunity. And the Headmistress didn't want to expel the children of MACUSA representatives that were in her school only for one year and one of her most gifted students. I think she was happy I finally had some friends, even if we got into trouble every other day."
"The Ministry. Those were the stakes." Sherlock whispered in his partner's ear. Apparently, Luna decided it was a good time to catch up with her other non-imaginary friends and Rolf followed along, with a lot of questions for Harry, who also knew a lot about muggles in general.
“Yes, yes, well family must come through, you know that. She is my sister.”
“This is not my area of expertise. Magical duels, magical warfare, sure, but muggle weapons? Not something I have experience on. Seems a little barbaric, if I must say so.”
“Good morning, sunshine. Had to make a run for some coffee. Auntie is feeling a little indisposed; I think we abused her herbal soothers a little last night. I brought coffee and croissants for you boys. Had to get her some more soothers, since we went through her stash last night.”
“At nine.”
"The rest, you know."
The cooler was there, on a side table. John felt creeped out about the contents of said cooler, so he decided to ignore it.
Stephen Herondale: Father of Jace Herondale, notable member of the Circle after Luke Garroway was vanished from it he became Valentine Morgenstern's right hand man. He was killed on battle, and his wife committed suicide short after his death. He was a descendant of Tessa Herondale.
"Who knew? Sherlock Holmes, hopeless romantic."
He then looked at Sherlock.
John came out of his adrenaline high to see Mycroft almost collapsing on Greg, leaning on the shorter man for support. His suit jacket was around the DCI’s waist, and his shirt was ripped in multiple places. The doctor in him went into full assessing mode, finding the gash that was greening just on his upper arm, near a deep, ugly scar were Mycroft’s parabatai rune must have been many years ago.
Don’t argue.”
John touched the handle and felt the familiar pull in his navel, too fast for him to let go, pulling both Sherlock and him into an empty place. He still had it in his hand when he tried to register his new surroundings. It was another warehouse, an empty one, and soon he could see a fire starting on the opposite side.
“You are saying the supernatural exists, that every fairy tale is true?”
They were alone now, and Sherlock was looking at him.
"I think I'm starting to like your sister a little more."
“Miss Hooper, as you clearly know, my presence was requested. Your packmaster asked me to come. Open the door.”
He laughed nervously, not meeting John’s eyes, which is great because he had a murderous look on his face. At that moment, Harry chose to appear.
That was enough of it. He walked out of his bedroom and glared at his older brother.
"Can I see your wand?"
“Touché.”
“Oi!”
“What about me?”
John Watson wanted the same as he wanted? He could only hope. The days settled, and the cases piled, and still everything remained as platonic as it always was. Sherlock found himself craving John’s touch more every day, and John was clearly oblivious or wasn’t ready to face his own feelings yet. Each day passed with little touches between them, and Sherlock was about to explode with all his want for John Watson.
When they reached the light, Gabrielle first, followed closely by John and Sherlock, the tunnel opened to a big chamber, in which they found three wizarding sentries, with wands, guarding a gruesome sight. Floating in some liquid, in something that looked eerily like a giant beaker of some variety, even though it was apparently magic and not something out of some sci-fi movie, was the lifeless body of Sebastian Moran. One of the sentries John recognised as Madame Delglove, Gabrielle’s mentor, who he remembered from the pensieve. At that precise moment of entry, Sherlock’s latch turned into a full body binding on Gabrielle, silver ropes appearing from everywhere, as John shielded them both from the starting battle, the first curses rebounding from his charm like rogue bullets.
“Don’t I know it.”
“Are you sure about this? I don’t want to hurt you?”
John just nodded, wondering how in hell they would manage to make 221B suitable for a baby. Well, to each day it's own. He was wondering how he could give Sherlock a head start on the ‘happy family’ charade his brother was orchestrating.
"She looks like she just became Minister of Magic."
“See? Your friend likes it. Also, that horrid jumper has to go away.”
Sherlock handed the baby back to John with a sort of reverence that touched the doctor, moved him to the core. John held her a little longer before a nurse came around with a bottle. John grabbed it from her, and the baby drank her milk greedily. They watched her eat in silence, and Sherlock placed his arm around John’s waist. After the baby finished, John relocated her back to the incubator, and the lights flickered again.
“Most of us don’t have the luxury of boundless time.”
“Do you want to stay? You can, for a while, but soon rounds will start. If she continues as good at this, we can move her to intermediate care after a few days, and visiting hours there would be longer.”
“I supposed it’s better if no one opens it, I gather. I won’t ask who is responsible for this, because I know. But as you know, this better remain in this room.”
Sherlock shakes his head ‘no’ and rounds the corner into Molly’s office.
Grant decides to walk up the lane from the main road to his house, as he’s always felt that he doesn’t get enough exercise spending so much time behind a desk. He pays the cabbie and the taxi pulls away, leaving him alone except for the twittering birds overhead. A few old trees stand at attention to his right and he studies them for a moment without really seeing them. Every leaf looks like a paper bill with a pound sign on it. He debates on walking straight home or taking his time.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock wailed, unable to keep his composure under his brother’s disapproving gaze.  “I’m so, so sorry!”
“Is it still snowing?” he mumbled, wiping saliva from his thumb onto his shirt and trying to ignore the pull to be small.
"He's feeling pretty little, love," Mycroft said, his voice a quiet hum where Sherlock's ear was pressed against his chest.  "Do you think you can help take care of him, today?"
He crouched down to Bunny’s eye level and gently guided his thumb out of his mouth to better hear the boy.
“Did I play pirates with Redbeard?”
“Sherlock,” Mycroft said in warning after a clearing of his throat, glancing at his brother in the passenger seat with a bit of surprise.  “None of that, now.”
It took a moment for John to process that the man was waiting for his answer.  The close bodies and sparkling christmas ornaments and the cups of warm cinnamon cider had been a distraction from any self-deprecation he had felt earlier that day.  But beneath every meeting and greeting had been the underlying guilt of Harry, drunk in her new apartment, alone apart from a girlfriend obviously incapable of emotionally supporting her.  He blinked up at Greg, then cleared his throat to find his voice.
“Of course not,” Greg said with a smirk he hid from the kiddo.  “You’re Papa’s big kid.”
Mycroft seemed to pause, as if gauging how truthful John were being.
“You think there may be a case he hasn’t told you about?”
“Want to help me with the dishes, Bun?” Papa asked, and Bunny agreed while his Daddy settled down to finish his tea and read the London Times.  He’d arranged to have the paper delivered to the lake house each day they were staying.
It was an afternoon of sandcastles and underwater handstand contests and games of tic-tac-toe drawn with sticks before the tired, sandy boys were ushered inside for a quick hose-off in the shower, a change into some dry clothes, and a late nap.  They took a while to get down to sleep after the excitement of the morning, but Greg did all his best voices during storytime, and soon they were asleep in the master bedroom, each clutching a stuffed animal.  It appeared Mycroft’s assumptions about Sherlock’s rationale for staying older were unsurprisingly correct, for as soon as the fun of swimming had passed, he was quieter and needier, accepting his pacifier and a pull-up before naptime.
Bunny shifted where he sat, and Greg hoped he would not pull the kid out of headspace; the conversation would likely need very different tactics were Greg to be faced with an adult John.  But the kid seemed as shy and endearing as ever, his mouth turning down at the corners as he shook his head and glanced to the ground, his thumb making its way into his mouth.  The fact that the kid was so solidly small at the moment only increased Greg’s feelings of dread over what he knew needed to happen next.
Sherlock's was about to say that, statistically, the chances of running into someone you knew in a small town of minimal population were actually greater than running into someone you knew among the millions of residents of London, but his brain was moving faster than he wanted it to, so instead he tried to calm it by watching as Bunny contemplated.  Besides, it was clear Bunny was deciding between following his instincts and go or letting himself be stifled by the fear of being found out and staying.  Sherlock's statistics lesson would not help Bunny give in to what he could see he really wanted.
John sighed again.  He had been able to sense Mycroft and Greg watching him throughout the day, tracking his behavior in the same way they were tracking Sherlock’s.  It had been disconcerting, particularly because John did not want them to worry about him when Sherlock was feeling so out of sorts.  But he hadn’t exactly been able to tell them off without aging up, and it wasn’t surprising that Mycroft had noticed the lack of his usual endearment for the man.  John had consciously not used it, even when the two were alone.
“You don’t mind what?” John asked, needing Mycroft to clarify whether he was referencing John’s slips while on the case, his whininess the night before, his desire to call Mycroft “Daddy,” his wetting, the fact that he’d come to the table--full adult--in kids’ pjs and a diaper, or any of the other recent changes in John’s behavior that John himself had been questioning, even feeling guilty about.
“Honey,” Uncle Greg said.  “You can wear a pull-up to the store if that will make you more comfortable.”
“Don’t worry,” Bunny said, reaching not for the unicorn coloring book Sherlock had expected her to take but one of Sherlock’s pirate coloring books.  “I’m a nice girl.”
John declined the call, but a moment later it began again, and John, with a sigh, answered.
John and Sherlock settled back against the headboard with a stack of Sherlock-approved children’s books, and, over the course of the next forty-five minutes, John read and Sherlock pointed out details on each page that he believed told an entirely different story, weaving tales of underhanded plots and secrets hidden.
“Choose, ‘Lockie!” Bunny said, spreading the sticker sheets before Sherlock on the table and beginning to list the different types.  “You used the loo so you get to pick your favorite!”
John had woken up big, stripped himself of the dry pull-up, and taken a shower while Greg packed up their things.  The kid was quiet and brooding all morning, and Greg could tell as they sat around watching the girls open their Christmas morning presents that Bunny was not far away.  A drop into headspace was inevitable--the embarrassment John clearly felt over showing his smaller side the night before would only speed up the process, so Greg had the boy out of his brother’s house as soon as possible without seeming rude, wanting to save what was left of the man’s dignity.
“Today was a tough day, Bunny,” he said.  “And you dealt with it the best way you knew how.  You told me what you needed and you tried your very best to make do with a tough situation.  Does that sound like a bad boy to you?”
“I do have a mind of my own as an adult, Mycroft,” John said, resentful that Mycroft seemed to have conveniently forgotten that fact.  “He’s my best friend.  He deserved honesty.”
“You’ve earned a time-out for locking the door,” Papa said when he released Sherlock at last.  “And no more video games today.”
John nodded, but turned his eyes down and did not make eye contact with Mycroft.  He crossed the room and took a seat next to Greg on the end of the bed, and when Greg threw an arm across John’s shoulders and pulled him close, John did not shift away.
“I can deal with them not understanding me,” Mycroft began, sitting still and straight.  “I’ve felt that my entire life.  But there was a moment in the car, when Sherlock asked if we could go home.  And I pushed him because we were expected and because it was Christmas.  And of course Sherlock was miserable the entire time.  He kept struggling against his smaller headspace, and he was scared at night and wet the bed, and while I was up at dawn doing his laundry I just couldn’t help but think about how meaningless it all is.  Why do we feel forced to get together with family simply because it’s the end of December?  Why do we bother, when everyone will just leave more depressed and lonely than when they came?”
“Look who Papa brought for you,” Mycroft said, turning back to the distressed kiddo.
“She, peanut,” Papa corrected with a smile.  “Why don’t you go ahead and ask her?”
“Alright,” Mycroft said.  “Let’s have a little chat, bud.”
Sherlock seemed to be finished with his apology, but Bunny only glanced up at him with wide eyes.  Mycroft worried that it was too much for the boy, that the Bunny had slipped too much in headspace or would be too overwhelmed to respond.  He began to think he would need to step in.  But Bunny swallowed and reached a hand out towards Sherlock, passing him one of the plastic mermaid bath toys.
“No!” Sherlock said, diving back towards his pillow and hiding his face, but his voice was whiny, and Sherlock could feel the pull to let himself give into a younger version of himself.
"You boys are both too skinny," she said, pinching Greg's side.  "Eat! Put some meat on those bones."
Mycroft chuckled.
Bunny shook his head.
“I’m not sure I’m strong enough for two little monkeys,” Uncle Greg said, a bit of amazement in his voice.
“Stop, Mycroft,” Sherlock said as Mycroft began pulling him out of the car.  “I don’t need the loo.”
Bunny shrugged his shoulder out from under Uncle Greg’s touch.
“Alright, love,” he said, because it was suddenly clear that Mycroft was not only struggling to protect Sherlock, but struggling to somehow make up for actions he had not taken in childhood, struggling to overcome his residual guilt.
“I’m proud of you for going out with your Uncle Greg today.  It must have been scary and I can see that you were very brave.”
Another nod.
“There was once…” Sherlock paused, drawing out the end of the word to signal that John was meant to fill in the next detail.
“Do you want to wear pull-ups during the day, too?”
Bunny could not respond through the shuddering sobs.  He should have been settled by Papa’s arms around him, comforted by Papa’s warmth and his hand against his back.  Papa assured him again and again that it would all be okay, and Bunny tried as hard as he could to believe him.  But there were memories that stalked and memories that haunted; Papa was strong, but Bunny knew even Papa's strength wouldn't cast them away.
“I’m a boy right now, Daddy,” he said, sniffling.
Sherlock knew he’d disappointed Mycroft and Papa.  They’d had the conversations before, had discussed the fact that there were no such things as girls’ games or boys’ games in the same way they’d discussed that colors were simply colors and anyone could wear whatever clothing they wanted to.  They’d explained that there was nothing abnormal about following what was in your heart and acting accordingly.  Sherlock supposed it was true, and if Bunny hadn’t have been acting so differently or if Mycroft and Papa hadn’t seemed to have spent all of their attention on Bunny that morning, maybe he would have felt less squirmy about the prospect of having to play house with this new version of Bunny.
He found himself blinking at Bunny as she explained that they were going to “play house,” his mouth gaping as he attempted to put into words the confusion he was feeling.  This wasn’t the Bunny he knew, the Bunny who let him pick the games and was always less coordinated at coloring than he was.  This wasn’t his shy and easy-going little brother, unlikely to push back against Sherlock’s ideas.
“He’s okay, little pirate,” Greg said.  “Mycroft’s going to take care of him while I get you back to bed, alright?”
Sherlock shifted to the edge of his chair in order to rest his head against Mycroft’s extended forearm.  He was desperate for his brother’s affection after rejecting it for the entire morning, desperate to return to the solid, reliable love of big brother.
I'm not entirely happy with this chapter for a few different reasons.  I must have jinxed myself by writing about Bunny and Sherlock getting sick because now I have a head cold that has come at a not so great time.  Add in a lack of space and time to write and some general family drama and you've got the unlucky circumstances that birthed this chapter.  Nevertheless, I wanted to get it to you all before we all get too busy with holiday events/shopping/celebrations, and sometimes you've just got to get the work out there and move forward.
Bunny stepped over to the toilet and, all modesty aside, yanked his undies down to his ankles and sat down to pee.  Greg nodded at the boy, then pulled Sherlock’s pajama pants down a bit in order to snake a finger into the leg of the boy’s diaper for a quick check.  It was still dry, so Greg passed the blinking boy his pacifier and shifted him back onto his hip as they waited for Bunny.
Sherlock hummed noncommittally and continued sorting through pieces, making quick work of the puzzles despite the challenge he had given himself by combining the two.
“Daddy spanked me,” Bunny said, and his cheeks blazed pink at the memory.
“But I’m scared,” John said.
“Bun, do you need the potty, sweetheart?” He asked as he sent off an email to a rather incompetent government higher-up.  He’d just realized the boy hadn’t been to the loo all morning.  He’d meant to take him after changing Sherlock’s diaper, but had been distracted by getting his little brother settled and content.
When Greg stepped into the bathroom, he could not help but smile.  The boy was asleep against the back of the tub, plastic sharks left abandoned in the water.  Greg was inclined to find his mobile and snap a few pictures of Sherlock looking so innocent and sweet, but the most important task at the moment was getting the boy back to bed.  He clearly needed sleep.
Sending positive vibes to you all!
I expect to have one or two more chapters in this particular story.  I'm sad to see this story coming to a close, but excited for ideas I have to explore new scenarios in new stories for the Little Brothers Mine series!
Mycroft sighed, knowing the Detective Inspector had a point.
“Daddy’s right here, princess,” Mycroft assured him.  “Close your eyes and get some rest.”
“What are you doing?”
"Medicine, Papa," he said.
“A bit, yeah,” John said quietly as he sat down across from Mycroft at the table.
“Help, please,” he said, and Mycroft wrapped an arm around John’s shoulders and guided him to sit on the bed.
Greg did his best with what he had--helping Bunny out of his saturated pants, using the dry sections of the blanket to wipe him off, and re-dressing him in the trousers he’d asked the boy to take off.  As he bundled the blanket and wet pants into the boot of the car, Greg was adding to the list of necessaries he would be stocking up on: spare clothes, baby wipes, plastic bags.  Luckily, the accident had been contained by the folds of the blanket, so he was able to settle the boy back into his seat and buckle him in once more.
“I should have been more attuned to your needs this morning,” Mycroft said, hands clasped in stoic stillness as he refused to acknowledge Sherlock’s claims with a response.  “I neglected to take into consideration your state of mind given the previous evening’s feelings of abandonment, and, although at the time I was required to prioritize government matters over your care, there were ways in which I could have attended to you while still dealing with this morning’s political demands.”
“What’s it look like?” Greg asked as soon as he ended his call what must have been his second call.  He'd come from the direction of the motel office, where he’d likely been informing the manager that they would need to establish a perimeter.
He was grateful for the nightlights plugged in along the dark hallway--no doubt placed there for the benefit of Greg’s nieces--as he made his way quietly but quickly so as not to disturb the girls.  In his younger headspace, he held the somewhat irrational fear that his own nightmares would transfer to others were he not careful.  He paused at the top of the staircase, listening for voices downstairs and hearing laughter and joyful conversation from Papa and Papa’s oldest brother.  They were joking and reminiscing over something that apparently warranted a great deal of teasing of Papa.
He merged lanes on the expressway and glanced at the kiddo through the rear-view mirror.  The little Bunny was rubbing at his still-reddened eyes, shifting against the seat belt in the backseat.
“Perfect idea,” Papa said, and then bent down to kiss Sherlock’s forehead before holding out his hand and leading a rather worried Bunny towards the foyer to help him with his shoes.
“Scrooge went back into his past with one ghost but now he’s in the present with another,” Sherlock explained absent-mindedly, sitting up from where he was leaning against Greg to make eye contact with Bunny before nodding back towards the telly and laughing at one of the character’s antics.  “This ghost is funnier than the last one,” he said.
The boy giggled and ducked his head, characteristically shy when accepting praise or encouragement.
Sherlock seemed to realize his name calling just after he’d spoken, and he gasped and clapped a hand to his mouth.  Uncle Greg chuckled and told him it was okay, he hadn't meant to call Bunny a baby.  He stood up, patting him on the knee to calm his worries that he had been naughty.  Bunny nuzzled into Sherlock’s shoulder to let him know he didn’t mind being called a baby just this once; he was simply grateful that Sherlock had known what he needed and that Greg had immediately pulled himself from bed to retrieve the bunny blanket.  He was back a moment later, and Bunny hugged the blanket beneath his chin and rested his head on his Daddy’s chest.
“Alright, kiddo?” Mycroft asked as he wrapped an arm around the boy’s shoulders.
Sherlock could stand it no longer.  He was trapped in the car and felt nothing but anger, frustration, and helplessness.  Kicking Greg’s seat forcefully, he could not help but yell.
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Mycroft said.  “In that case, is it okay if I sit just here for a while to keep you company?”
Sherlock seemed on the verge of listing the numerous observed signs that had allowed him to understand John’s current predicament in order to prove that he was correct in the assumption.  John--so help him, god--was on the verge of socking his boyfriend in the throat.  Luckily, the police radio went off at that moment, and Greg, after receiving intelligence from one of his officers, turned on the siren above them and took a sharp right turn, taking them in another direction.
John nodded and lay his head on Greg’s shoulder while he started sucking his thumb.
There was a long moment when he sat still and ashamed, feeling the pulse of his heartbeat strong in his throat as he fought back tears.  He’d been so sure he could hold it, so adamant that he wasn’t some little kid, and now he’d gone and peed all over himself and the floor just for some stupid video game.  What was he going to do?
“Here!  We’re here!” he said.  “We want graham crackers, Uncle Greg!”
John shrugged, still unable to look up at Mycroft, cheeks blazing with embarrassment.  “Not the fact that it happened in public where everyone could see or the fact that Greg had to help me clean up when I just wanted you,” John paused, blushing at his admission of affection while not in headspace.
John stood in the doorway, dressed in nothing more than a towel, and watched while Greg finished cleaning and re-making Sherlock’s bed with new sheets.  He felt compelled to help out, knew he should step into the room and hook one side of the fitted sheet around the corners of the mattress while Greg hooked the other.  But John was tired, and there was something pleasing about watching Greg’s efficiency, the ease and precision with which he moved.
It was Mycroft who called an end to the punishment, refusing to go on despite Sherlock’s desperate pleading.  They had already gone on far longer than they ever had before, and Sherlock was a snivelling mess, bonelessly flopped over Mycroft’s knees until he felt his older brother’s arms hoisting him up onto his lap, where he held him close as Sherlock cried.
Bunny clambered up onto the mattress and leaned into Mycroft, pulling the man's arm around his shoulders.
After a moment, Sherlock spoke up.
“What made you come back yesterday?” he asked.  “Why did you age up?”
Mycroft kept his voice low to keep Sherlock from waking up.
He had been able to sink down into a semblance of headspace while Uncle Greg dressed him for the day, mainly because Greg had been exceedingly gentle and encouraging, as if he had known--or, more likely, had been told by Mycroft--that John needed coddling to stop the anxious worrying swarming his mind.  Worry had plagued him since he and Mycroft had been woken up and confronted with Sherlock’s discovery of their relationship, and although it had been quelled slightly by his conversation with Sherlock, there had been the new worry that he wouldn’t live up to Sherlock’s request to be little, that he wouldn’t be able to navigate littlespace after his Daddy relationship with Mycroft had been exposed.
“Bud, you can wear a pull-up whenever you’d like to,” Mycroft explained.  “Most kids wear them when potty training, and they aren’t in trouble for using one.  Neither are you.  You and your brother are welcome to use a pull-up at any time.  But it’s never okay to lie to me or to your Papa, and I’m disappointed that there were an awful lot of lies told today.”
Bunny looked as if he was contemplating telling him.  There was a relief on his face upon being found that Mycroft felt boded well for some sort of reconciliation between himself and his little boy.  But soon the boy dissolved into tears once more, shaking his head and burying his face back into his knees.
Sherlock nodded, wiping at his eyes with the heels of his hands.  Mycroft caught him gently by the left wrist, and, pulling Sherlock’s pajama sleeve to his elbow, exposed the colorful plasters lined along the underside of his forearm.
“Didn’t mean to make Sherlock mad,” she mumbled, knuckling at wet eyes.
The moon was bright in the master bedroom, the windows open to the now pattering rain.  Sherlock stood in the doorway for only a moment before ascertaining which side of the bed his brother was sleeping on and taking steps towards him.  But he paused.  Because he could see Uncle Greg asleep on one side of the bed and Mycroft asleep on the other, but he could also see John, asleep in their bed too.  John’s head was rested against Mycroft’s chest, pacifier in his mouth and hair disheveled.  And Mycroft’s arm was around John, pulling the man closer, comforting him.
Sherlock looked as if he would refuse, looked as if he were ready to send his little brother back to his room alone to punish him for any number of the things Sherlock currently had to hold against Bunny.
“It's not a diaper,” Bunny said in one final attempt to hold onto his pride.   But it was no use, and he cried louder as he realized for the first time that of course Sherlock was right; the pull-ups had never been anything but diapers disguised as something else.  He was nothing more than a baby, just like Sherlock said.  Bunny held himself and twisted his legs together, but it was no use, and he stood, crying, as he started to wet his pants.
These boys have certainly been through quite a few major ordeals over the course of this weekend, but I think they may have finally worked out the majority of their issues (then again, who knows what will pop up for them in the last chapter or two of this story).  Poor John and Sherlock are just still so insecure in their little selves that having extended time in little!space brought a lot to the surface.  Then again, it certainly made for some interesting character development as the boys dealt with each conflict in turn, and, to me, that's what writing is all about!
“That’s what you said this morning at breakfast, too,” Papa said.  “It’s clear you haven’t been eating well.  So you can either take them with you upstairs, or you can sit at the table and I’ll monitor the number of bites you take.”
“I appreciate that you regret your actions,” he said.  “But I think we need to ensure that a bit more definitively.”
Sherlock pulled the thumb from his mouth and wiped it dry on his trousers, not missing Mycroft’s glance.  He was in enough an in-between-state of headspace that it wasn’t difficult to blink away the beginning stages of little space.  He’d rather be an adult and talk with John than be little and deal with a grumpy Mycroft right now, anyway.
Mycroft and Greg managed to get Bunny out of the flat without too much fuss, Greg shouldering the bag Mycroft packed with Bunny’s things as Mycroft calmed some slight whining from an overtired Bunny who didn’t like the idea of being without either his Daddy or his Papa and then convinced Sherlock to come give his little brother the goodnight kiss he was asking for.  He closed the door behind them as Bunny was carried down the staircase by Greg, the almost-forgotten baby blanket draped around Greg's neck and the stuffed rabbit tucked between Bunny's chin and Greg's chest.
Take care of yourselves, all--sending love :)
Mycroft straightened the cuffs of his sleeves and turned to listen.
“It’s okay if you’d like to wait until later,” Mycroft said, wanting Bunny to know he had every right to space if that’s what he needed at the moment.  “It’s your decision.”
Greg stepped close to the boy, reaching to place a hand on either side of his face as he smiled down at him.  Greg was far more used to the boys insisting they wouldn’t need to be small than he was to them proactively and maturely preparing for the possibility of aging down.  It was the first sign that John was finally--
Sherlock shrugged and began listing the way in which that morning’s weather had held all the appropriate conditions for a storm.  He gave facts and statistics regarding the potentiality of storms in summer months and explained that lightning led to thunder, which was really nothing more than air expansion.
The term of endearment had been uttered before he realized how patronizing it could appear.  But it seemed to have the opposite effect on the curly-haired man, who nodded through his pitifully heart-breaking expression, teary-eyed and somehow desperate.  It also had the effect of silencing Mycroft, who had been ranting on the other end of the phoneline.  John turned back to the phone.  "Mycroft?  I think you should come now.  Sherlock's just...he's just wet his pants."
If they were lucky, the boys would sleep in to make up for some of the late-night wakefulness.  But Mycroft knew his boys, and he could already envision the tantrums and tears and whining he and Greg would face the next day from grumpy, sleep-deprived kids.
“Sounds like a wonderful dream,” Papa said with a laugh before smiling down at her.
Greg had been envisioning a conversation about John, maybe Sherlock if it became necessary.  He hadn’t begun to imagine he’d factor into the conversation.  Then again, it was only in character that his brother was concerned about him first and foremost.  Greg may be the adult around John and Sherlock, but he’d grown up as the baby of his family.
“I guess the stress is why I longed for the comfort.  I didn’t mean to stare at the nightgown in the store.  I didn’t even say anything.  But you know how perceptive Greg can be when we’re young.”
Papa’s body stilled and his eyes widened.  He clearly knew what Sherlock was doing.
“I wasn’t bad, Uncle Greg,” he said.  “Daddy said I can use it.”
Eventually, after Mycroft’s gentle insistence that he couldn't pick Sherlock back up until he was dressed, the curly-haired boy fell limp to the floor, resolved to his tears and sadness.  Mycroft dressed the weeping boy as quickly as he could, slipping Sherlock’s favorite pirate shirt over his head and stringing the kid’s arms through the sleeves.  He lifted Sherlock around the middle and propped him up to lean against his own chest as he helped him step into a pull-up and then a soft pair of shorts that Mycroft actually thought were Greg’s, athletic shorts he wore when he worked out.  Mycroft tied the drawstring to keep them from slipping off of Sherlock's narrow hips, glad they had somehow migrated into Sherlock’s bureau.
He pressed his back against the base of his chair in order to have greater support as he cradled Sherlock to his chest, muttering soothing phrases into his ear.  The boy cried into his sweater, soft and pitiful, mumbling about Redbeard and riddles and nightmares at Musgrave while John rocked him back and forth, arms wrapped tight around his body.
“Here’s the plan,” Mycroft said, finding that he was relieved to be finished with the first half of the punishment.  “We’ll get you dressed, and you’ll sit in time-out while Uncle Greg and I make some lunch for you and your brother.  Then, if you’re a good boy and get some food in that tummy, you can show me your new toys, and then you and Sherlock can take a nap in the big bed in Daddy and Uncle Greg’s room.  Okay?”
“John?” Sherlock said, putting his thumb into his mouth as he lay back down and shimmied down under the sheets.
He stood and paced the room, searching fruitlessly for anything destructive Mycroft and Lestrade may have overlooked in their initial sweep of the bedroom.  He was filled with anger and confusion and a deep, biting hurt.  Flashes of John and Mycroft lying together in the master bedroom bed began asserting themselves into Sherlock’s memories of his brother as well as his memories of his recently growing relationship with John.  They morphed into other memories: Mycroft carrying John around on his hip in a way he was less likely to do with the taller, more gangly Sherlock; John pleading to be fed by Mycroft at the dinner table; John sucking his thumb while Mycroft stroked his hair and read to him.
“How much longer ‘till we get there?” Sherlock asked.
“Don’t have to,” Sherlock said, turning his face into a rogue pillow and only glancing up at Papa from one eye.  “Leave me ‘lone.”
“Mycroft, I don’t have to, just leave me alone and let’s keep driving.  I’m fine.”
Eventually, John had cried and overthought himself into a bit of weepy exhaustion.  It had taken nearly half an hour, but the way that Greg was rocking him back and forth had calmed him enough that after a time he was simply sniffling and rubbing at his watery eyes, too drained to think about much beyond the strength of Greg's arms and the way his blanket felt soft and warm against his neck.
“We don’t want to wake the Bunny,” was what Mycroft settled on at last, reaching out to tousle Sherlock’s curls and attempting to speak in an upbeat, settled tone despite feeling quite distraught.
John couldn’t take it any more, and he reached into the pull-up.  He was desperate to get his fingers around his cock.  Sherlock shifted to give him space, bending down to let his mouth find the sensitive spots along John’s inner thighs as the doctor started to jerk himself off.  John reveled in the warm wetness as the back of his hand brushed along the inside of the pull-up, reveled in Sherlock’s mouth against the skin of his thighs.  It took only a few strokes before he came with a muffled gasp.
“Understand,” Sherlock said.  But then, bitterly: “You like Bunny better than me.”
“You can take a nap while we finish the movie, Daddy,” Bunny said as Mycroft carried him back to the living room.  “I’ll look after you.”
“I wasn’t thinking,” John said, hoping his boyfriend knew that what he was really confessing was that he felt awful for not thinking of anyone except himself.
“Still asleep, but grumpy from what I can ascertain.”  Daddy pressed Bunny’s head to his chest and covered the ear not pressed against him, but Bunny could still hear what Daddy was saying to Papa.  “I found Bunny on the floor, under the bed.  He told me Sherlock didn’t want him sleeping with him.”
“Of course, boys,” Mycroft said, and Greg ushered them inside.
“I know, Daddy,” he said through a yawn.
Bunny sniffled and nodded into Greg’s chest.
Sherlock pouted but placed his hand on the table.
Mycroft turned from the fridge to look closely at Greg, deducing something.  He chuckled, then closed the fridge and crossed to the sink to wash some grapes and blackberries.
Bunny nodded.
“I’m going to call Mycroft, okay?” he asked, and Bunny nodded hard enough to remind him that his head was pounding.
“You see?” he said.  “None of it was your fault, sweet boy.”
"Mycroft," he said when the man answered.  "It's Sherlock.  He's asking for you."
“Just a little bit, Papa,” Bunny said after a quick trickle of pee, standing to clumsily pull his underwear back up his legs once he’d finished.  “Do I still get a sticker?”
Bunny glanced up at him for a moment, but then his face fell, and he was crying again, Sherlock’s reminder of his torn paper dolls apparently too much to take.  But Papa Greg was nodding for Sherlock to go on as he rubbed Bunny’s back, and when Sherlock glanced back over his shoulder at Mycroft, he simply raised one eyebrow, as if he were expecting more.
Bunny’s sobbing eventually settled into softer crying and finally into half-hearted sniffling.  He felt closed in beneath the bed frame, and a bit claustrophobic, but if he closed his eyes he felt safe.  He ran his fingers back and forth along the threads of the carpet his Daddy had picked out for beneath Sherlock’s bed, and soon he was slipping back into fitful bursts of sleep often bookended by Sherlock’s coughing fits, Willa the rabbit tucked beneath his chin and thumb tucked between his lips.
xoxox
Mycroft simply pointed to the corner and waited for his brother to stomp his way into time out.  He knew it was unfair of him to bring up Sherlock’s wetting or pull-ups, but he needed the older boy put into his place and knew Sherlock well enough that he could see the boy needed a bit of attention at the moment.  He would have time to get to the bottom of Sherlock’s teasing once he had dealt with John.  For now, he knew a bit of attention--even if it was negative--would tide him over.
Bunny pressed his face into Papa's shoulder, grateful for his strength and consistency.  There were still hours to go before he could be assured they were on their way home to Daddy and Sherlock and his own room and toys and familiar foods, but maybe if he could be small for just a little while, if he could let Papa take some of the decisions away from him for a time, everything could start to be okay.
“Daddy?” He whispered as Mycroft stood up.
, Mycroft amended--wrapped her arms around Mycroft’s shoulders.
And then, unable to explain himself and tired out from the anger and resentment which had been building since they'd first entered the motel room, he felt his hardened face falling.  He found himself blinking back tears.
“Hey, none of that, alright?” John said.  “It was a hard day for both of us.  Maybe we just let ourselves off the hook for once?”
The boy nodded, and Mycroft ducked his head and crawled under the desk on his hands and knees.  It was a tight fit given his height, but he maneuvered his body until he sat facing the boy, his back pressed against the opposite side of the desk from Bunny.
“Uncle Greg put me in time out for a really long time, Mycroft,” Sherlock explained as Mycroft led him out of the bathroom by the shoulders.  “But he said if I was really sorry maybe I wouldn’t get a spanking but that wasn’t his decision; it was yours.  So, am I gonna get a spanking, My?”
“Mycroft’s laptop,” Sherlock said in anticipation of John’s next question.
“Bun?” Mycroft called even before he’d come into Bunny’s sight line.  It was comforting to know he'd recognized Bunny's cries as separate from those he knew to be Sherlock's.
“Hey, champ,” Greg called to Sherlock, as usual attempting to bring some positivity into the situation.  “Missed you.”
He optimistically lay out a new pair of pajamas for Sherlock--blue cotton covered in little sharks--in the navy blue bedroom, and a new nightgown for John--light yellow with a fuzzy bunny on the chest--in the pale green bedroom.  He had only just begun, but already he had stocked each room with a selection of clothing, toys, and comfort items specific to each boy.
Greg texted again, sending a picture of himself among smiling relatives, nieces and nephews hanging off of him and a man who was clearly one of his older brothers wrapping an arm around Greg’s shoulders.  Greg was smiling broadly and wearing a pair of felt reindeer antlers, clearly in his element among family and close friends.
This chapter is low on ageplay and heavy on exposition, so feel free to skip if that's not your cup of tea.  I think it's necessary for the direction I'd like the plot to take, and it didn't seem likely that John would allow himself to stay young when worried about Sherlock's well-being, so the chapter takes place when he is fully adult.
When Mycroft woke up, it was to a brightening bedroom and a bed full of his boys.  John was asleep pressed against his side, Sherlock’s pirate pacifier still somehow in his mouth despite John’s slack-jawed, deep sleep.  Mycroft shifted carefully so as not to disturb the boy.  When he sat up in bed and turned to pull John’s pajama shirt down from where it had ridden up to expose his belly, he found wide eyes from his other little boy turned to glance at him from behind dark curly hair.
Mycroft quirked an eyebrow.
“Let’s get you nice and dry,” he said, and Bunny, the good boy that he was, immediately obeyed by standing up and letting Mycroft help him out of the tub.
But Papa was having none of Bunny’s timidity, and soon she was wrapped up in his arms, pressed close to his chest in a Papa bear hug, her cheek resting against his loosened necktie.
Thank you as always for your amazingly kind comments.  I'm too tired to go through and respond to them tonight, but I promise to respond to each of them asap!
The forensics team made quick work of the room, entering with their latex gloves and full-body coveralls to assess the scene and begin processing evidence in the bathroom.  Greg supervised and organized each team in turn before leaving the room to meet Donovan when she arrived, taking her through the updated information they’d gleaned.
But Sherlock’s words only made Bunny cry harder, and as he felt the pull-up thick and heavy and his bladder still emptying, he knew it would leak even before he felt the trickle of urine run across his thigh.  Bunny knew Sherlock could see the pull-up leaking down his leg and onto the floor, and he couldn’t do anything more than collapse onto the ground and hug his knees into his chest, hiding his blushing face and trying to keep Sherlock from seeing that he was still wetting himself.
You're all so amazing with your comments and suggestions--thank you!  It's been a stressful week, so I thought we could all use some cute fluff and lots of caring!  I apologize for those of you waiting for Part 2 of 'Pushing Boundaries' over on tumblr--I was hoping to have that updated before the newest chapter of this story, but inspiration struck for this one and I ended up working on this instead.  I will do my best to get back to 'Pushing Boundaries' as soon as possible, especially because I've officially reached 100 followers on tubmlr, which is super exciting!
When Bunny pulled away from the hug to wipe his nose, Mycroft cupped his cheek and smiled down at him.  Bunny nuzzled into the hand against his cheek.
Bunny felt as if he might cry.  It seemed he had already lost his Daddy to Sherlock for the day, and now he was going to lose his Papa, too?
“Until I came to find you because I was wet but you wouldn’t help me so I got mad and ran up to my room and threw things.”
“There, now,” Mycroft tutted, guiding John to look him in the eye.  “Where’s my big strong Gryffindor, hm?”
John felt a haziness of pleasure come over him as he struggled with his full bladder, shuddering at the painful fullness beneath his beltline.  The warmth and the pressure and the impending lack of control were almost titillating, and John was too far gone to feel guilt.
“Bunny?” Sherlock asked.
“Bunny,” Mycroft warned, and John knew he was about to remind him of the rules.
“I still don’t fully understand it, but I’ve come to accept it.  I’m sure Sherlock, when he ages up, will have some choice words deducing my inability to express my feminine side while adult or about some half-baked notion that I have latent jealousy issues regarding my sister’s childhood in contrast to my own.  Whatever the reason, I've decided to stop beating myself up about it.  You yourself said I shouldn't be concerned about things I wanted as long as they weren't hurting anyone else.”
And then he’d realized he’d wet the diaper he was wearing at some point while he slept, and he felt a stab of disgust that led him to strip the offending item from his hips and finalize his decision to be bigger.  He could feel the usual brattiness settling in, the old familiar tactics he could use even if he wasn’t able to ask for affection in the same way he could when wearing diapers.  He would get attention by acting impudent and unruly, and all would be fine.
Bunny’s gaze shifted down to the ground, and he shrugged.
John cringed at the endearment, only realizing after Mycroft’s facial expression became more pointed that the word had been used as a kind of assessment of John’s mental state.
Papa had brought Sherlock back to the big bed to calm him down after Bunny’s screaming fit, had rubbed Sherlock’s back until he’d shrugged away from touch.  Sherlock knew Bunny needed Mycroft and that he had to share, but Sherlock needed him, too.  He needed him to give hugs and say everything was okay after such a scary middle-of-the-night wake-up.  But Mycroft did not come back to the big bed, and, finally--after Papa had rationalized and soothed--Sherlock had begrudgingly rolled over, given into the yawns, and gone to sleep.
Wow, it's been a year and a half since I've updated, and for that I'm really sorry!  So much has changed for me and life definitely looks very different from when I was last writing, but I hope you're all doing well and staying safe.
He was feeling helpless and alone, was confused about why everything had gone wrong for him throughout the day.  He pressed hard between his legs when another strong urge hit him, trying desperately to pull on the drawstring knot with one hand.  But he couldn’t hold it anymore, and there was nothing he could do but collapse against the bathroom door as he lost control, urine streaming fast and warm into the pull-up.
“Be gentle,” he’d said as he pecked Mycroft on the lips that morning, shrugging into his coat in his rush to the station.  “I’ll finish up at work as soon as I can.”
“You forget I’m not the one with the humiliation kink,” he said snarkily, knowing Sherlock’s comment had meant to tease, to demean.  Even so, he could not help but argue that Sherlock had been the one who’d made him wet himself.
John had to be foolish to think that just because Sherlock had forgiven him he had forgiven Mycroft.  There was a history there that colored the situation differently.
“It’s alright, ladybug,” Daddy said, and Papa chimed in to say that it was nothing a good deep-clean wouldn’t handle.
“Mycroft?” Sherlock asked.
“John, I need to know how best to support you.”
“I don’t like you,” he mumbled, and Mycroft gave him a quick slap on his rear which had Sherlock yelping and bringing his hands around behind him as he apologized.
John smiled, at comfort with the thoughts in his mind for what felt like the first time since he had begun ageplaying.  It would all be okay.
Bunny reached for him as he choked on sobs.  It only took Daddy a moment after he’d lifted Bunny—undies and nightshirt dripping—from the puddle on the bed to understand that he was wet.  He set Bunny in front of him once he realized.
“Of course not, love,” he said, hefting the boy onto his hip once more.  “Daddy’s a little tired, but that’s all.”
Sherlock seemed to consider this, then nodded.
Not even half an hour had passed before Greg heard the bedroom door begin to open.  Sherlock was standing in the opened doorway, fully dressed in his adult clothing, and Greg was scrambling to stand and face him.  Sherlock had his overnight bag draped across his chest and his face was hard-set in determination.  But it was clear he had not been expecting to find Greg in the hallway.
John, for one, had had enough of secrecy and potentially underhanded actions for one day, and, quite frankly, he did not have the energy to lead Sherlock gradually to the idea of aging down.  Sherlock had taken control when they’d woken up that morning, deducing what John needed and how; it was John’s turn to repay the favor.  He waited until Sherlock was watching skeptically, then opened the cabinet and took a dinosaur sippy cup from the shelf.  He unscrewed the top and placed it on the table.
It was true John had been on the verge of headspace earlier that day.  He still was on the verge, if he were completely honest with himself.  But earlier, when he was in bed waiting for Mycroft to arrive, already feeling better thinking through the comforts he would gain by spending an evening as Bunny with his Daddy, John suddenly realized that if he were to let Mycroft to pick him up and take him back to his house to care for him, Sherlock would be left behind at Baker Street.
“Okay,” he said.  “You mean safewords?”
“I assumed Sherlock would sink lower, after what he said this morning,” Greg said, making his way towards the water with Mycroft, carrying beach chairs for themselves and sand toys for the boys.
“And I tried to be young,” he said
“I could stay here with Sherlock,” Greg said.  “Camp out on the couch for the night while you take the baby back to yours.”
“I’m okay,” he said, voice wavering.
Sherlock held the map out in front of him, telling him he could escape if he could accurately decipher the escape route on the map.  Bunny did want to be a big boy like Sherlock, wanted to follow the right rules so Sherlock would stop criticizing him for getting things wrong.  But Sherlock’s rules were too much to keep track of, and Bunny couldn't read Sherlock’s handwriting on the map or understand the key Sherlock had added in the corner.
He stepped to the end of the bed and leaned to peck John--who was stripping the bed of its sheets--on the lips before making his way to the bathroom.
“Mycroft, we have a bit of a situation,” Sherlock explained, then listened to Mycroft on the other end.
“Yeah,” Sherlock smiled, thinking of all the times Uncle Greg had put him to bed or helped him after a nightmare or played pirates with him.  Mycroft wasn't his Daddy, exactly, but Uncle Greg could be his Papa!  “Can Uncle Greg be Papa, Mycroft?”
“You were excited,” Mycroft said, softening around the eyes as he smiled at him.  “It was charming.”
“Get some sleep,” Mycroft said, tucking Bunny and his new toy in and then leaning to kiss both Bunny and the plush rabbit on the forehead, which made Bunny giggle.
John seemed to think for a moment.
“Wet, Papa,” Bunny said quietly.  “Sorry.”
John had almost forgotten about the weather in the midst of the night’s chaos.  The rain had not let up since Sherlock had burst in dripping from rainwater earlier that evening, and indeed, a flash of lightning lit up the sky as John glanced out the windows across the living room.  Sherlock squeaked and hugged Mycroft closely when the thunder struck.  John couldn’t help but notice he also plunged a hand down between his legs, not unlike earlier that day, before he had wet himself.
John blinked up in surprise.
“I don’t have to go,” Sherlock said.
Dinner seemed to progress normally after that moment.  Sherlock, having finally agreed to the compromise of watching Land Before Time but only if he was allowed to explain the scientific inaccuracies of prehistoric times as they watched, continued to prattle on about whatever popped into his mind, and Mycroft and Greg entertained his notions while they ate and Bunny remained silent.  And although Mycroft fed Bunny between bites of his own food, there was very little that was different about their family meal.
“I know,” he whispered, cheeks blooming pink.
John could not help but whine, allowing himself another moment to be small.  He knew as soon as he crawled from the bed he would feel obligated to play the gracious guest to Greg’s parents, to stand up tall and shake their hands and thank them for a lovely evening after complimenting the meal and their hospitality and their beautiful home.  He wished he could be grouped with the other kids, that he could be carried outside with his thumb in his mouth where he would quickly fall asleep in the backseat of the car after Greg had pulled Willa from his suitcase.
“Try to use the potty before we head down, buddy,” Greg said.
He settled the sheets and blanket up beneath Sherlock’s chin.
“On a chart, Daddy,” he said.
“He was quiet when we got to my place, withdrawn.  He wouldn’t get out of bed and barely ate.  I had to call and take a leave of absence from work because I was afraid to leave him alone.  It became clear drugs had been a coping mechanism for him, and he began to show the signs of withdrawal, begged me to let him take them.”
The floorboards squeaked as he shifted in place on the top step.  He paused, praying he hadn’t been heard, but Papa’s brother had paused mid-sentence, which silenced Papa’s laughter.
“I memorized facts and statistics about alcohol in preparation for university,” Sherlock said.  “I anticipated it could be a topic of conversation at parties.”
“Morning,” Mycroft said, patting John’s back.
“Good thing we decided to check up on them,” Greg said, voice low as he placed his bag on John’s armchair and took in the messy room.  “They know better than to keep themselves isolated when they’re young.”
Mycroft was a bit taken aback.  Young Sherlock tended to err on the side of selfishness, as did his older counterpart.  He had certainly grown in this regard--due in no uncertain terms to introducing Bunny and Greg into their little ageplay world--but Mycroft was still not always prepared for Sherlock to take an interest in others.
Bunny turned around and stepped out of the timeout corner but did not look up at the man sitting in a kitchen chair who was waiting for his apology.  He stared down at the ground, angry with Daddy.  Daddy didn’t seem to care at all that he was feeling sick and really, really confused today.
“Boys’ night.  Just you and me.”
“It might be a good idea to wear pull-ups today, Bun,” Mycroft said, meeting John’s gaze firmly when the man looked up at him, wide-eyed.  “After all the stress of last night.”
He had the boy stripped of his pants and over his knees in no time at all.
“For the same reason you came to our room tonight.  He woke up and needed his daddy.”
He passed Sherlock a pint, then sipped from his own.  But Sherlock was not reaching for his glass, and when John turned towards him, about to question whether he was going to drink anything more that night, Sherlock took his hand in his.
Mycroft had provided John with few options.  He could reject the pull-ups, admit that he wasn’t little, and explain to Mycroft and Greg why he was pretending to be little, or he could continue playing along and agree to wear pull-ups for the day.
Instead of speaking, Sherlock's face fell and he began to cry, blubbering where he stood in front of the couch.  John’s eyes went wide, and he had to keep himself from moving to comfort his friend.
John sniffed.  “What?”
“Please, Papa?” Bunny asked, the kid’s eyes wide and hopeful.  “I’ll be good.  I won’t wee in the bed, I promise promise promise.”
“I’m glad you’re here, bud,” Mycroft said, nearly whispering.  “Your Papa is too.  We like taking care of you, and your brother likes it best when you're here.”
John glanced up at Mycroft at last.
“Bye, lake house,” Bunny said, clearly consoled by the prospect of coming back, and Sherlock, who was now sucking his thumb as his pacifier had fallen out of his mouth as he cried, turned to wave as well, his tears decreasing.
“Me,” he said.  "I'm wet."
John seemed unaware that he’d spoken, eyes firmly glued to the plush rabbit, so Greg passed the plush toy to the boy, whose tears seemed to lessen a bit when he had it in his arms.
“No,” Sherlock said, seeming to interrupt as Mycroft said something which obviously frustrated the consulting detective.  He turned away from the closet and lowered his voice.  “Would you get over yourself, Mycroft?  It’s the baby.”
“Ma, I--” Greg tried, torn between sharing this part of his life with his mother and denying its existence to save John’s pride.
But John had turned his face into Mycroft’s neck.  He shook his head fiercely, and Mycroft suspected he was being reminded of his earlier wetting.
“I told Daddy I’m a girl, today,” Bunny said, then became shy again, unused to saying the words aloud, and ducked her head.
Mycroft made a show of contemplating whether or not he would permit it, but John could tell he wasn't really going to refuse.  Not with Bunny and Sherlock pleading and Uncle Greg smirking.
Hi, loves!  Hope you're all doing well!  It's been an up and down week for me, but I'm glad I had the chance to do some writing, which always grounds me a bit.
Sherlock glanced up from his mobile with a huff.
“Alright, ladybug?” Mycroft asked, free hand resting on John’s knee.
“He’s chewed through the plastic bulb and now he’s having a bit of a strop because I told him we’d have to throw this one away,” John explained.
“So what is it he doesn’t want you to remember?” John asked.  “Some school-yard bully? A cousin you didn’t get on with?”
“But I’m not a baby,” he said, finding his voice at last.
John squirmed out of his briefs and then stepped into the pull-up that Mycroft, kneeling before him, held out.  Mycroft was careful to work it up John’s thighs and hips, and John stood still and let Mycroft do the work, not wanting it to tear.  He could not help but put his fingers in his mouth as the pull-up was settled on his waist, an overwhelming sense of care and comfort washing over him.  He felt like his true little self, cared for and accepted.  For once, he didn’t have to hide or worry about who he was, and he smiled widely as he reached down to feel the bulk of the pull-up between his legs before diving forward and pressing himself to Mycroft in another hug.
“Stop this charade,” he said, nearly caustic as he took hold of Sherlock’s upper arm.  “Your pride isn’t worth pissing yourself.”
“Ma, have you seen John?” Greg asked, noticing that the doorway to the hallway loo was opened with no sign of the doctor.
Sherlock stepped forward until he was close, and John felt sobered in the man’s presence.  Despite the portion of his mind which worried Sherlock had been pulled too quickly from the headspace he had so needed, there was a relief to knowing he had his boyfriend back for the moment, a relief to knowing he was safe and within reach.  He had to force himself not to allow his head to drop down onto Sherlock’s chest.
“Do you want to color with me?” Sherlock asked.  He felt shy, almost as if he were meeting someone new.  “You can color unicorns or princesses if you want.”
But the man’s breath of laughter faded as Bunny refused to look up from where he gaze was fixed on the stairway.
“Pants down,” Mycroft said, and Sherlock argued for a moment but then acquiesced.  He knew Mycroft was only trying to help, only trying to embarrass and belittle Sherlock because he knew it would give him an impetus for slipping down in headspace.  It was the same reason Mycroft reached beneath to check the state of Sherlock’s pull-up before he yanked it down past his brother’s hips, leaving him bare-bottomed.
“Come here, love,” Mycroft said, shifting to rest against the bed’s headrest so he could gather a teary Sherlock into his lap and wrap his arms around him while also giving himself some additional moments to process.  “I’m so sorry I wasn’t there for you.  It was never my intention to leave you when you were feeling sad.”
“Leave that,” Daddy said.  “I’ll take care of it while you go get a shower.  We’ll be okay.”
Sherlock tugged the sleeve of his pajama top down to cover the bandages lined up his forearm.
“You gotta speak up, bud,” Greg said, praying the issue was one he could solve without leaving the comfort of bed.
“Bunny is feeling like a girl right now, kiddo,” Papa said.
“Good boy,” Greg said, taking a seat on the end of the bed as the kid began to write his first line.
Just FYI these chapters have been edited (twice!) for clarity and continuity now that I decided to post "Little John and Uncle Greg."
“It’s nothing,” he said, twisting the empty pint glass in his hands.  But Sherlock did not speak, and John was forced to glance up at him.
“You like that, princess?” he clarified, and Bunny nodded.  He circled Greg with his arms, hugging him close.
This chapter was tricky to write, initially, but eventually the direction of the characters/plot started becoming clearer.
“Can I help you clean up?”
It was strange how attuned Greg had become to the potential benefits of age play for those he came into contact with in his everyday life.  He found himself subconsciously catching little behaviors in others and feeling the need to protect anyone he deemed vulnerable.  Anderson was his coworker, but the hierarchy of the department dictated that Greg was responsible for his well being, for his overall welfare as it led to the success of the department.  He would be lying if he said he hadn’t ever treated the rather fragile man with kid gloves, even before entering into his official capacity of Papa Greg.
Even more irritated now, John races the engine a little too hard and it cuts out on him. He drops the EVP device into the seat next to him and rests both hands on the steering wheel to give himself a break for a few seconds. After counting to ten, he tugs on his seat belt and restarts the van, taking his time backing out of the driveway. On the twenty five minute trip back to LOPNI’s headquarters, he steadfastly ignores the little machine, completely missing the way the screen goes blank the farther he gets from Newham and Sherlock Holmes.
“Aw, Sherlock, this one sounds interesting.” Ophelia tries before very carefully reaching out to touch the back of Mycroft’s right hand where it is resting on his thigh. It is a long-standing tradition between the three of them to test both how far Ophelia can go and how much Mycroft can sense.
Sherlock tilts his head and slowly nods.
“Let’s just say I’m someone who’s tired of being dicked around by people like the Holmes family. Name’s Barkley.” Barkley stands up straight and crosses his arms over his chest with a little nod. He puts one booted foot on Martin’s hip and presses down.
Sherlock freezes on the spot, narrowed eyes not leaving the swinging doors. House is certainly up to something, and he’s going to put a stop to it.
“Well, then.” John says to himself. He gives Barkley one last look then steps over Arley and pushes at the door. Finding it locked, he pushes at the button in the center of the knob until it clicks. He opens it only to be greeted by five policeman pointing guns in his direction and yelling something at him about dropping his weapons. Since he’s unarmed, he raises his hands to his head and drops to his knees instead.
John stares daggers at Dale’s outrageously expensive EMF meter lying on the step beside him. He hasn’t touched it since he sat down up here. Earlier, it had been pinging and bleeping at him, letting him know that it’s picking up the occasional change in the magnetic and electronic fields inside the house, but for all he knows the damned thing could only be reading his own life signals. It isn’t his favorite instrument, but Mike insisted that he bring it out here at least this once. He does his best to ignore its now rather loud silence.
I can’t move, though. And it’s not that I’m being held back, quite the opposite, really. Mrs. Hudson has loosened her embrace some and there’s no one blocking my way forward. It’s just me and I know it.
sound as John spits the earring out onto the felt and grins back, his eyes raking over Sherlock, from his hairline to the tight leather trousers that are somehow still zipped and buttoned. Carefully, John pinches the zipper tab and pulls it down with agonizing slowness.
“Correct,” Mycroft says, his eyes on the tip of the umbrella as he twirls it lightly between his fingers. He looks up, allows enough unspoken words to pass between them then turns on his heel and leaves the room.
(You don’t want to know why I know that.)
“Yes sir,” comes his PA's voice over the intercom.
John is finally able to break the spell by turning his head in her direction. Out of the corner of his eye he catches a faint movement, like heat dissipating in the air as Janey, James, and Mary Beth disappear. At one time in his life that may have surprised him, but that is no longer the case. There is just too much happening right here right now to try and make sense of it all.
“Gah!” John groans when those tongue swipes turn into little nips down the side of his jaw. “Sherlock, are you trying to kill me?” he asks, opening his eyes and grasping Sherlock’s shoulders with both hands, barely but effectively pushing him away for a moment.
“Yes, I’d like to see if she’s come ‘round yet.” John snags his wallet and pocket things from the table as Sherlock snaps off the lights.
“Doctor Watson, Mister Holmes,” Christopher says gravely, his attention obviously elsewhere.
Somehow, though, by the shape of his mouth, John would swear Sherlock is saying
A warm, wet tongue swipes at his ear lobe before a voice chuckles darkly, “How so, Captain?”
Douglas Richardson, First Officer for MJN, the tiny charter company from Fitton, UK, is currently suffering through the entire air show with an incredibly chipper Arthur Knapp-Shappey, steward and overall dogsbody for same charter airline, poking him in the ribs every so often to get his attention. It’s like sitting next to a wire-haired terrier that’s been mainlined caffeine. Arthur pokes Douglas hard enough to make him jump and causes his sunglasses to slip right off his face.
Behind John is the sound of feet slapping against the tile and he casually raises both arms so that when Sally plows into his back on her way towards Sherlock who has actually had both the audacity to lay down yet another gauntlet towards house but is also waving about the hand signal for international peace and brotherhood (Americans use one finger)(Like a lot)…
“Yes, John,” Sherlock agrees.
, Mycroft. Finish it.”
(That was one of the
In no time at all, they’ve found seats on the steel tables or on the counters. House remains standing, his elbows resting on the front edge of one of the sinks. Sherlock hasn’t sat down, either, but he has moved out of Ambrose’s perceived personal space. John is next to him where he pulled himself up onto one of the tables.
when you realized how many hardbacks fit in his hand. So shut up and let me tell this story.)
Kevin leans back in his chair, starts to lift his feet towards the table, catches Ruthie’s expression and changes his mind mid-lift. “Grant’s not that much of a crybaby, though, more of a worry wart.”
John nods, tucking the bag of takeaway against his chest and regretting the fact he’d left his gun upstairs. Upstairs, where there was now some stranger.
The policeman turns away from John and John follows his gaze towards two figures on the ground. Obviously, the one laid out flat is the victim and the other one, surprise, surprise, is Sherlock Holmes. He peers around to see if Ophelia is anywhere in sight.
For an instant, she feels the same as if she did walking into an almost empty cathedral once with her old Aunty Mildred, the only people still there were some late parishioners paying their respects in one of the alcoves. The way Sherlock looks right now, his normally so-carefully-coiffed curls in a frizzy mess, a stain of something rust-like on his temple, his entire body radiating exhaustion but the words he doesn’t ever say are emblazoned on his face as brightly as if they were etched in the skin then filled with neon.
“Sure, it will give me a chance to type up my thoughts about tonight.”
Sherlock is unaware that he has slumped slightly, dropping his shoulders and slouching in order to make their heights even. He’s unaware because he cannot stop watching John: the way he laughs unselfconsciously as if nothing else matters but this moment. Sherlock finds that he strongly agrees with the doctor.
House turns to look because the temperature on the entire ward just dropped twenty seven degrees. (Fahrenheit.) (That’s 2.78 Celsius.)
“I’m here.”
“I’m sure Mycroft will be delighted to see you again, Mon frère.” Sherlock intones. John wonders why Martin hasn’t been mentioned, but chooses to let it slide. Sherlock must have his reasons.
John nods, thinking that if Sherlock let him pass, then he’ll at least be useful. “Fine,” he agrees, “take the wingwalker, he’s slight, and I’ll get the pilot. Mind the ginger’s head.”
Martin takes a deep drink from his tea, wishing for a bit of courage. “Alright,” he says, resigned to his fate, “Did you know Sherlock’s name means ‘close-cropped’ or ‘light haired?’”
Ophelia frowns at her brother as she slips her hand away from Mary Beth’s little fist and glides to stand beside him. “Sherlock, what are you doing?” she says out loud, though the question falls on deaf ears.
“Well, hello there,” John greets him, doing his level best to ignore the lean, warm thigh now pressing up against his own. A faint image of his earlier daydream flashes in his mind and he barely stifles a groan.
Ambrose digs under his collar until his fingers stop suddenly. He grasps something between his index finger and thumb and pulls it away from his skin.
Naturally, Sherlock takes over the conversation at this point and plows straight ahead into knowing that the body was no pilot because she was wearing hiking boots, not jump boots, and the brown flight bag she was carrying was way too clean to have been in a crash.
“Ah,” John intones, studying Victor a little closer now.
“Seriously, Sherlock? This is right up your alley.” John grins. He moves around so that he’s right next to his partner, their legs pressed up against one another.
“You want to be friends with…me?” Sherlock detests how young he sounds.
Sherlock sits up and raises his arm so that the little girl is left dangling. Her face is red from laughing so hard and her hair is a disaster area.
John is more than accustomed to Sherlock and his skills so he agrees. “Still took some serious strength to crack through the hard wood.”
Oh boy. Wilson holds up his hands. “Oh! I’m sorry Doctor Watson, I didn’t…”
“Well then. I need to leave. Urgent matters to attend to.” Mycroft offers to the room at large. He gives Lestrade’s shoulder another squeeze and leaves.
John doesn’t have a chance to find out exactly what the girl means by that statement, however, because a tall, thin man in a ridiculous wool coat has appeared on the kitchen threshold. He is slowly, almost sensuously unaware, pulling off a pair of black leather gloves one long finger at a time. John can feel the demeanor of all four of the spirits change and he drops Ophelia’s hand as if he’s been burnt.
Douglas nods.
John’s never felt so much like smacking him in the back of the head before. If he could reach it, that is.
“I do believe it is a dog, my dear,” John quips sardonically, a mischievous grin twisting his lips.
Mrs. Hudson shrugs. “Just me then,” but she misses the piercing look Sherlock is leveling at her back.
John shakes his head. “Not yet,” he states as he reaches into his jacket for the specially crafted glasses Mike gave him. He slides them onto his face and the entire room changes. Ignoring Dale’s questioning exclamation when John inhales sharply, John takes another look at the scene.
“He can’t leave, Carolyn refuses to let me pilot.” Douglas states, forgetting for a moment Martin is there.
That single syllable breaks John’s bubble. “What do you mean, ‘ah?’” he asks, growing irritated.
“’s good John, you’ve been paying attention.”
“Ginny! The puffs are ready, would you mind grabbing them out of the oven?” Mrs. Hudson calls to me from the hallway.
“I’m not going anywhere. That was the past. I have to ask, though, do you still get high?”
being discussed.
The job finished, I step back and admire my work. Not too terrible, really, since I’m a novice at this baking business…well, at cooking at all. I am pretty proud of myself, though, I can actually cook real meals now, stuff that’s more nutritious than scrambled eggs and beans-on-toast. My back twinges a little so I grab a chair from the tiny table she’s got in here and sit down. That’s much better.
(Well, you said
Mostly, anyway.
John remains passive, his Shields still slammed closed. Sherlock startles when he begins to laugh.
. "The girl is Misty."
She plops down onto the grass, dropping her planes in order to rest her hands on John’s trainers. Mrs. Hudson reaches over and hands her a bright blue bottle of some sort of sports drink.
He drops his shoulders like a sulky grey-haired teenager and steps around to help John lift Ambrose to one of the tables.
“My team helped convict Daniel Hudson by providing the local police force plenty of evidence for said conviction. That being the case, I am on relatively friendly terms with the murder’s widow, Mrs. Martha Hudson.”
A flash of insight so bright it threatens to burst out of him forces Sherlock to his feet. It seems as if John may be useless when it comes to seeing spirits, but the man certainly has courage by the ton.
When his chest is tight and he thinks his heart is about to burst from all the love he’s carrying around that he doesn’t really like to discuss too much with anyone other than his husband, John smiles proudly and almost walks into Mrs. Hudson who says nothing but beams back just as brightly.
John bumps his shoulder against Sherlock's. “Martin and Douglas.” He feels like a teenager digging for the schoolyard gossip, but the fact remains that he is honestly curious what his partner thinks.
This time, a warm memory makes Sherlock grin back but Mycroft has already vanished down the stairs.
Sherlock points at the ball of wires behind the door and the two tall men can clearly make out a tiny LED clock face flashing bright red numbers:
John Sends, not the least bit self-conscious as he rubs Sherlock’s biceps, forearms, his hands then runs his fingers across his flat belly. He goes still as he waits for Sherlock to either give permission to go farther or revoke it.
, you know? I pointed in a vague direction and he nodded at me, a sort of light came over his face and I lost it.
looking at Mycroft…so, you know…)
John thinks it probably physically hurt Sherlock to admit that, but one look at his face tells him he’s wrong.
A gigantic boom and a shower of rubble hits the floor at the far corner of the cantina. Someone screams and soldiers and medics alike are scrabbling for weapons that only some of them bothered to bring with them tonight; they've all let their guard down. John allows part of his mind to search for Toby, sensing other Links as he does so. It’s a mishmash of sound and images until he finds her.
“Sherlock, breathe.” John sits up against the headboard and opens his arms wide. “Come here.”
cartoons, just as he was about to chase that annoying bird.
“Oooohhh…comin’ over here to be my sweet chocolate?” House grins.
Sherlock watches John for a moment more, making sure he’s really as alright with this as he says he is; probing at the Link, he discovers, as always, that John’s words ring true.
“I have no reason to believe it will hurt you, John. Come on.”
(Glad I didn’t forget those?)
Of course the universe just wants Sherlock to be wrong once in a while, so as if to put a full stop on that statement, a deep rumbling sounds out from behind him and his eyes widen. Sherlock rushes forward and John catches him. Sherrinford clutches at Douglas and the four men drop to the ground.
“And you simply followed orders, just like that?” John is gobsmacked.
(Uh huh, I thought so (
.” He yanks at the mildew covered clasp until it gives by falling onto the floor. Captain and Lestrade move back, Thirteen and House step in closer. Sherlock opens the trunk and leans over it. When he stands back up, he’s holding another one of the long, black, ropey things complete with the black orchid on the end of it.
Their eyes lock for a moment and John feels himself being drawn in as if he’s a magnet and Sherlock is north. He realizes they are actually leaning in towards one another when there’s a surprised squeak from the doorway.
“What are you on about?”
Everything from that point on is crystal clear, the dull edges of the memories honed to a sharp edge, to ever be a precision tool to cut through him and leave terrible wounds that refuse to bleed. The paramedics come and they take her away from him, even though he begs them to let him try to bring her back. They tell him it isn’t possible, she’s gone. He’s there, then, a messy-haired figure on his knees in the middle of the street, head bowed and weeping with utter grief when the skies open up with rain that is frozen solid before it hits the pavement.
John studies her expression for a moment, taking in the way her bright hair contrasts markedly with her olive and sun-kissed skin, the faint line of freckles that runs over her nose and across both cheeks. He wants to tell her she’s beautiful again, but somehow that seems to be not enough this time. Instead of being insulted that she didn’t let him in when they first began…whatever this thing is between them…he is proud that she trusts him enough to share her secret with him now.
But what happened was on a different day, okay?
The entire cantina is absolutely
In the very instant he makes up his mind, however, there’s a loud bang in the direction of the kitchen and a high pitched peal of laughter. When Sherlock catches sight of him one more time before he disappears, James’ expression has hardened, his thin lips pursed in a tight line.
Sherlock doesn’t think Mycroft sounds nearly irritated enough. “Not interested!” he shouts much louder than is absolutely necessary. The barking at the back of the house starts up in earnest, though he soon hears Ophelia taking care of that particular problem. Eagerly, he awaits the sound of Mycroft’s retreating footsteps so he can return to being busy doing not much of anything and pretending to not wonder what John Watson is up to right now. By some mistake on his part, they haven’t seen each other in almost a week. Why did the spirit world decide to become dormant
Sherlock’s insides scream at him to fix whatever he’s managed to break this time. He casts about for the right thing to say and blurts out, “Where’ve you been all night?”
Mycroft leaves them with a few words and a nod, letting them know she’s been asleep the entire time they’ve been gone. John wants to question him about Christopher’s foster family; before he can do so, however, Mycroft has slipped out the door and an older couple appears on the threshold.
“John…” Sherlock lifts his eyebrows, using one hand to gesture at the woman as if pleading for John to make her, if not
“Douglas, would you take the golf cart back to where it belongs?” John turns his back to Barkley as he asks, raising his eyebrows at Douglas and hoping the pilot gets the hint.
Ambrose moves slowly, still partially hunched over and faces House. “Who…who are you?”
“Yes, I can hold on,” she answers.
to hear
Now that he’s alone, Martin finds himself besieged by memories of the crash. He blinks back tears of frustration at his friend and pilot dying; at his inability to greet his long-missed brother properly; at the crash of such a beautiful little plane…just everything. He closes his eyes and leans his head back against the wall, allowing himself a few moments to grieve.
“All of it.” Closing his eyes against the gentle touch, he is quiet for a moment, completely still. “Actually, the sixth word is fine if you use it sparingly.”
would be the perfect place to put a nod to
John’s tongue probes at his mouth and Sherlock opens up, letting him in, though the cost to his own psyche is greater than he will ever let on. Images pop behind his closed eyes and he fights against the knowledge that perhaps John isn’t ready to share these memories with him. They’ve never discussed the past beyond short snatches of conversation here and there, because mostly they’ve only been working together.
and he’s left his mobile phone on GERTI. His second instinct is to help. He finds himself running towards the crash, telling anyone who tries to get in his way that he’s a trained medic and for some reason half-believing his own lie. Something in his chest is telling him to move
John stands and stares at the woman as his face flushes beet red. Everyone else looks away from her to where Adrian Monk is quietly perched on a metal chair with his hands duct-taped behind his back and looking none the worse for the wear.
John is holding back a case of the giggles that he is eventually going to blame on jet lag. Especially because he can’t decide whether to call Sherlock a Princess or a Pasha at this point.
“He didn’t tell me,” Sherlock mutters petulantly, ever the baby brother. He sighs deeply and closes his eyes against the receding vertigo.
. Well, the boys anyway. Sally probably would look hot in anything she’s wearing, you know...)
The Owl opens his beak in order to make a loud screech not very unlike the horrible caterwauling Sherlock calls forth when he tortures his violin. Down on the ground, the Cat pins his ears back and lashes his tail in irritation against the obvious jibe. A few seconds later, the Owl lands on the lowest branch of the tree closest to Sherlock, quickly folding his elegant tawny wings against his body.
“It is going to be a long road, but I think she will be. Your sister is strong,” Sherlock rumbles. The woman startles as if seeing the detective for the first time.
All in a single motion, Sherlock rises, plants himself beside and a little behind John; he shrugs, which is apparently all the answer John is going to get. Sherlock leans on him heavily. All three of them pretend not to notice, just as they absolutely do not notice how he’s faintly rubbing his cheek against the spot between John’s shoulder blades. Well, at least Mycroft is ignoring the incredibly possessive catlike behavior; John thinks there’s an awful lot of his body parts that are responding to the simple movement. He sighs wearily.
He decides then and there that he’s really getting tired of being arrested as someone shouts “stand down.” A woman in a black suit strides over to him and John looks up at her, taking note of the exact second she recognizes him and offers him a hand off the ground. He’s gotten so used to that look that it doesn’t surprise him: he may not know the name of everyone in Mycroft’s employ, but he has no reason to, their expressions are always the same. Idly he wonders if Mycroft's having clones made at some out of the way place like Baskerville. A weird little chill passes over him then and he shakes it off.
When he does finally get somewhere, though, there is an overwhelming feeling of
“What?” John asks aloud, stymied at the abrupt change in mood.
The rest of the world beyond the here and now is silent, gently shrouded in the dim light from the lamp Mrs. Hudson has conscientiously left on for them. The detective recognizes the gesture as a throw-back to an older time and appreciates the sentiment for what it is, though he’d certainly never tell her that out loud. The time-smoothed dark banister and vintage accouterments of the house add to the atmosphere, suddenly that much brighter for the giggling presence of this dangerously normal man at his side. A newborn awareness is tapping at the corners of his consciousness; this is, without a doubt, something precious, something rare.
(Poor Mister Thompson, he goes to the hospital because he broke his toe tripping over a tool in his own garage…then falls into respiratory failure while he’s being bandaged. Now how House knew who this guy was and why he’s here has to do with House’s clinic hours that he somehow assigned to Thirteen. The point is: the patient is probably better off for having been on Thirteen’s watch instead of House’s, because a broken toe is really no mystery at all. As Sherlock would say,
Ophelia unobtrusively left us alone a short time after our discussion moved from the tragedies to those who, at least in my mind, were primarily responsible for it. It is certainly ridiculous to loathe a ghost, to detest a being less than corporal is foolish, yet I cannot help the way I feel right now in the quiet lull while Sherlock stretches out in his sleep beside me. The musk of our lovemaking is still strong, the svelte heat of his naked body against me is an anchor holding me to this plane of existence. He is so alive in this very moment, though so very unaware of the wheeling circus of my thoughts.
“Want me to take her on down while you check on His Highness?” Greg asks John.
Sherlock rests his hand on John’s forearm as John lets go Sherrinford’s. The man has a powerful grip and seems to be fully aware of his own strength. John has never felt on such equal footing with a Holmes before.
(OMG That was too much fun to write!)
John stares after him, considers his options and trots to catch up with him.
grin at her and turns back to the wriggling four-year old. John rolls his eyes and Mrs. Hudson shakes her head.
Barkley nods his head and wisely keeps silent. John thinks this is probably for the best. The heat pouring off the two combatants is threatening to make John sweat. To think that he was a bit chilled when they first came down here is now a joke. What did they expect? He watches as Penn comes into the room and backs Sherlock away from the two officers who proceed to have an almost subsonic conversation. Barkley leaves by punching the swinging door open, still fuming.
John knows better.
“Sherlock, what have you done?” Mycroft hiss-whispers between clenched teeth as he tilts his head, peering at Sherlock as if his eyes are lasers with the ability to pierce straight through his little brother’s hormone-stewed teenaged brain in order to unscramble the idiocy that he’s been infected with recently.
John nods, Sherlock settles back down. Instead of sleeping however, he rests quietly, occasionally touching the marks on his neck covetously and contemplates what it means to be completely devastated by someone, broken into a trillion pieces, and then so carefully put back together.
Sherlock grins to himself as he hauls his lanky body back into John’s lap, the chair beneath them creaking out its irritation at being used like a gym set. Exhaling slowly, he returns John’s gaze.
Martin nods and rests his head against the seat; Sherlock squeezes his shoulder and he closes his eyes and waits for the help that he knows his brothers will provide.
Mycroft doesn’t dare utter the words ‘preening’ and ‘trying to impress him’ but he can clearly Hear Greg saying them earlier.
“Doctor John Watson, formerly of Her Majesty’s medical corps.” John states blandly as if he’s giving the weather for the day. There are two men who need the attention more than him right now, so he sticks to the short version.
“John,” the detective says as he sweeps through the door his partner has just opened for him.
He didn’t get pissy about it, found me a doctor and then Sherlock said they’d wait on me to come out. I remember Sally looking at him as if he’d grown another head. I shrugged and thanked them. Then Sally looked at me as if I had another set of arms or something. I remember being so tired by that time that it didn’t register until later—apparently very few people know Sherlock for who he really is.
John holds out his hand and Sally gingerly puts hers into it. He carefully pokes at her knuckles then smiles. “Wow, that must be some kind of record. You’ve never even actually decked
Apparently, all three men saw the shine of the hypodermic needle at the same time. John twists away from her, Sherlock rushes towards her with his hands outstretched and Greg lunges for her arms. The three of them go down in a heap.
Sherlock’s comfortably winding melody slowly draws to a halt until the silence makes John open his eyes and look. The detective is still, his chin still resting on its pad, bow arm relaxed, bow pointed towards his feet. Sherlock’s gaze is intense as he Listens for the tell that lets him know John is ready to talk.
At the moment, John is nursing his third cup of coffee at an old wooden table in Mrs. Norton’s kitchen in Newham. It is well past midnight and he’s heard not a sound all night except the squeaking of the chair he keeps tipping up onto its back legs so he has to concentrate on not falling. To say he’s almost bored to tears would be an understatement. Beyond the dark windows, the city outside is quiet enough that it seems like someone has pushed some cosmic ‘mute’ button.
(And Wilson is House’s BFF, so what does that say about him?)
: John allows.
The sound is abruptly cut off as Sherlock Holmes glides through the room, taking in his friend’s cold shoulders from the way he’s got them hunched up and the ridiculous commentary on the television. The next time he runs into Mike…
