Now, it seems like the problem is actually the complete opposite of that.
What the – Where is this conversation
“You too, Agent.” Tony says, with full honesty, even though he suspects there’s not a single thing that could have wiped Agent Carter from this Earth against her will, from her strong posture and unwavering will.
” Barton sneers impatiently. “You think I spent all that time on the run without taking a single second to think about what I had done? I did my time, Tony, in or out of the Raft, and I don’t
It’s just… a lot.
(She hasn’t been for a while.)
He makes it
won’t help!” Tony steps forward, almost into Cap’s face, gesticulating forcefully just out of frustration of not being able to hit Steve in the
Tony is not
It’s gonna rain.
“You think you sparked enough jealousy in your classmates yet?” Steve asks, desperately hoping this will be his chance.
“Yeah, well...” He shrugs casually. “When have we ever been normal?”
(The third one is Scott.)
, but you can keep it.
He just doesn’t want to deal with the judgment over this particular fuck-up right now. Because it will happen if he tells them, it
Steve stares at her for a moment, his heart his beating wildly in his chest, his feelings still all over the place, but through the haze, his worry for her drives itself forward and makes him put his hand on her shoulder, gently, as tender and caring as he can.
admitting it.
Tony nods, and his neck feels like a rusty hinge, aching and rigid. “The armor’s safe. She’ll be fine.”
(Because it will.)
Rogers is on the front garden of the White House, unsurprisingly fine and perfectly healthy despite having dropped from a literal airplane with no chute, looking small and powerless as the crowd roars and brandishes their torches and burning flags and signs from the other side of the gate, like lions clawing through bars, ravenous for the prey just out of reach.
They will never agree, Tony realizes, panicking slightly. On anything. They are all right and they are all wrong, because there is no right and no wrong, there is no protocol describing what they should do in case of apocalypse. But if they don’t agree, they’ll fight, and if they fight, they’ll part. That’s the thing. The thing is that Tony knows what happens when people part because the situation gets dire, he knows what happens when everyone starts following their own agenda to survive, he knows where this leads them.
It’s rage and grief and disbelief, it’s a
“Tony.” Rogers calls, and Tony’s head snaps in his direction, surprised. They were all so quiet and so stiff that to hear his name is like getting shocked. Even more so, to hear Rogers’ voice. Rogers has taken off his seatbelt, and he’s sitting sideways in his chair, arm hooked over the back and eyes set on Tony, expression unreadable.
, doesn’t he? He does. And he doesn’t want anyone to know it.
“If it wasn’t,” Tony interrupts. “If I told you to go, would you?”
(Just not good enough.)
“I just wanted you to know.”
“The Accords don’t have to be a concern. If you wish to read the new version, all you have to do is ask.” T’Challa assures him through his anguish, and Steve makes all the effort he can manage to keep himself grounded on the king’s words, his soft tone and his hopeful promise, even though Steve knows he will never take up on that offer. “Perhaps reading them will put some of your doubts at rest.”
the job. The file Coulson had given him the night he barged into Tony and Pepper’s date night was carefully curated and meticulously crafted, only giving enough information that it would not be suspicious, informing him of only the essentials: Rogers, Thor, Bruce, and the Tesseract. Nothing else. Not even
“Nat.” Steve calls through gritted teeth, striding in wide steps until he’s right behind her, his breaths no more than short huffs as if he’d just run a marathon. “We need to talk.”
(But later, he will realize he should have.)
the Accords.
“Three women, two men.” A pause. They all wait. “Two children.”
at his heartstrings in a very specific way, that it… jostles and prods at old memories and feelings he wishes he could erase, sour reminders that, even with the mercy of time, are still strong enough to leave a bad taste on his tongue, like poison, like—
There is… There is
Pepper is not here.
<message log START / subject= “unidentified”>
a surprisingly small amount of steve or tony in this first chapter, but don't worry. this is just a backstory.
” Bruce interrupts, not sugar coating it at all.
Not of his own volition.
like the deadliest of flowers inside his chest.
“Somewhat.” Tony admits. “I don’t know. I don’t know what’s inside an infinity Stone, or even what it’s made of, but if anything, it’s producing energy the same way a Reactor does. Or the other way around. It certainly doesn’t reach the same levels of energy, but it got stronger since I made my own version. If there’s a way to improve on
is where they stand.
And when he looks up at Tony and the sentiment in his eyes does not fade, Tony can’t do anything but exhale slowly, deeply, a ridiculously infatuated sigh.
(No!?)
To be honest, it’s a level of craftiness Steve hadn’t expected from Vision. But then, Steve hadn’t expected Vision to ever look at Wanda in the way he does, so fond and devoted and happy and
me.” Wanda replies. “When Clint came to take me from the Compound, Vision tried to stop us. And
, the dark corners of Tony’s mind whisper.
“It scared the shit out of me. I almost had a panic attack, I thought it was Loki or something, I almost hurt her when she tried to wake me up. She said I
“Why are you fighting me on this!?” Steve growls, pained and infuriated, having to physically fight the urge to grab his own hair and tug at it, like a maniac, trying to ease the terrible, awful sensation he’s feeling in his head, like a swarm of wasps buzzing non-stop in his brain, slowly driving him insane.
“That’s not possible, Tony.” Bruce says gently, eyebrows scrunched up in painful sympathy, and Tony wonders if this is Bruce’s anxiety speaking, or if this is – this is the conclusion of the past three nights awake, of dark undereye bags and trembling hands, of searching and searching and coming up with
to be here to see it. To make it happen. She is nothing like those others, the Black Order, because those bastards were just like Thanos and Nebula is
(Please, please, please.)
No. It’s gotta be a coincidence.
“Hey! You guys listenin’ down there?”
Maybe… Maybe it hurts even more than that, after what’s happened.
In a split second, Rogers’ gaze steers away from Tony’s own, locking somewhere over his shoulder, and his brows do a complicated movement, raising and pinching low almost at the same time, giving him a constipated expression, sour and displeased. Tony turns, confused, and finds Carter and Ross approach in a haste, jogging towards the Jet, breathless and in disarray, and just like that, the moment is lost.
what Bucky’s thinking. He’s thinking about the glass container they put him into when he was arrested in Bucharest. He’s thinking about the heavy metal shackles and the isolation, about being helpless as Zemo invaded the place and messed with his mind. It makes Steve’s hackles rise so quickly he can feel himself building up like a giant wall, ready to plant himself between Bucky and whatever may come to hurt him. But it’s useless. It’s a memory, not a threat. It’s nothing he can stop just by using his fists.
He’s not angry. He’s not disappointed in Clint. He’s only disappointed in himself.
It hurts him, somehow.
to try to do this again.
Wormholes especially. Even if he
Carter makes a pointed, deadly pause. “We have twenty-eight hostages.”
(Don’t trust her.)
Tony knows what that is. He knows
And Tony can’t even check. He can’t fly to Tennessee. Not now. He has no cameras there, no AI, no nothing, he can’t even guess if Harley is still alive or not. He hasn’t seen the kid in a few years now, and it’s agonizing, because the dark voices in his brain keep insisting that now he never will again. Neither him nor Parker.
“Not like I haven’t worn it before.” Pepper huffs out a laugh, a bit hollow, and the smile she gives him has an edge of old pain that stings on his chest.
Tony buys the drawing; and he feels like an idiot when Steve says “You know I could have just asked them, right? Technically, it’s my stuff.”
Right behind them comes Rhodey, carrying a grimacing Clint in a very unbalanced position, clearly having grabbed onto him in a rush, desperate to get him out of the fire, followed by Thor; Whose face is just as stormy as the rain that gets heavier and heavier around them, as the clouds up above so black they can’t even see them—
“Talk to him. Just for a little bit. I don’t want to keep this from you, you are Tony’s family as much as Howard is, and it’s not fair to you to pretend you are not hurting as much as we are.”
be a bad idea. But it’s too late.
Steve has nothing to say to that. It wasn’t even his intention to bring it up, he just… blurted it out as soon as he noticed it. He wonders if he’s really that out of it, or if this is just another small deflection that he has just spoken out loud by accident, so naturally he didn’t even realize he was doing. Whatever it was, it’s awkward. Wanda clears her throat a little bit, moving closer to Steve in light, soft steps, until she’s close enough so they can speak in a quiet tone.
He hasn’t been nearly as careful as he should about hiding it. He knows this.
“You think I’m blind?” Sam scoffs. “You don’t eat. You’re looking like a freaking caveman or some shit like that, using a
“What’s the point of this?” Tony scratches his head, bothered, as they’re crossing to the kitchen, where Bruce is, surprisingly, nowhere to be found. “If this is really it, if we really were supposed to find all of this – why
he actually knows his team. He thought of them as his friends, he really did. He told himself they were a family. Hell, he said so in his letter to Tony, trying to give him – and himself – at least some semblance of comfort, some gentleness to ease the blow of the fight, a sweet reminder that
“I made one for her.” Which is not a lie, but also doesn’t exactly answers Bruce’s question; And Tony thinks it’s for the best, because although he knows Pepper is more than capable of using it, and she will have access to FRIDAY just like Tony has, the armor had been a secret until a few hours ago, because Pepper had never been supposed to actually have the chance to
“Tony and I… We haven’t had the best relationship possible, T’Challa. I admit.” Steve confesses lowly. “But I haven’t given up on it. I
Steve makes a brief pause, and even before he can properly think about it, he answers, “Not really.”
“I am here about Howard because I want to know why
Tony’s hand clenches into a fist beneath the table.
“I never trust anyone.” Natasha says, and they all know it’s a lie.
He doesn’t need the king’s help. He can get into the Raft alone if he has to. It’s dangerous, he knows it, and T’Challa would suffer the consequences more than anyone else, if the mission failed.
Pepper leaves out a breath of relief, so low only Tony can hear it.
Not because Tony is petty or vengeful. No. There is no bitterness in Steve’s heart when he thinks about it. It’s just… how it is. It’s Tony’s nature. He would keep going because he actually believes in the Accords, he has a vision of accountability that he will do anything to see it through, whatever Ross or the UN try to push into his hands, and he will do it even if he only has the support of half of the team.
She won’t – but that won’t stop being the reason why they keep falling apart. It’s no matter if she won’t blame him – if the
. He misses Tony too. It’s not right to hide this from him.”
“He was a teenager, almost.” Rocket says, almost contemplatively, his face cats down and his eyes sad, his tiny hands twitching and curling into fists in a nervous motion, his tail drooping in a pitiful stance, undeniable evidence of his grief. “It’s hard to explain, he wasn’t supposed to be young, but some stuff happened and ya’ know, you gotta adapt to whatever weird thing happens to ya’, and what happened was that he got young again, so we had to take care of ‘im. Got him a pot an everything.”
“No! No, no killing!” Tony says, a bit too late, to be honest. “Bring him down with you. He’s alright.”
“I modified it, after a while.” He says, both to their comfort and his own, to keep himself following a logic, following memories of numbers and equations, not – not even for one
He doesn’t know what Steve’s been up to in his spare time, or how close he got to the Wakandan royalty during his now-not-so-secret escapades, so maybe he does have a point. Maybe the princess’ – Queen now, he shivers – disgust to all Stark brethren is just as strong as her father’s had been, despite T’Challa seemingly not sharing the sentiment, at least from what Tony could tell from his unending professionalism and poise. But it itches, deep, the need to defer to Rogers’ ability to be convincing; No, that’s not it, maybe it’s just the possibility of having to sit still and
“Three months. Okay.” It’s not, it’s
“Sounds easy, doesn’t it?” Natasha laughs humorlessly, not even looking at him. She’s staring at the horizon, lost in thought, and when she crosses her arms this time it’s not to make herself look imposing; but for protection, as if she’s hugging herself because she knows
“Tony.” Pepper repeats, trying to get him to listen, in that tone that makes his name sound like a whole sentence.
(Not a good soldier.)
. Hell, Nebula had
That same heavy, suffocating grief trickles in again, terribly familiar now, and it’s impossible to resist the impulse to avert their gazes to the floor as they are yet again forced to relive the reality of the situation they’re in, that doesn’t get any easier each time they have to talk about it out loud.
But the silence tips him off, every time.
How do you survive after this?
(“When he sees a word he doesn’t understand, he asks for clarification. Just like any child. It’s almost like he’s real, Jarvis, isn’t this wonderful?”)
that will
Who weren’t there because of a personal feud, of something so ridiculous it should never have happened, not when this threat existed out there.
each other, I guess. But
He’s so truly glad. “Thank you, Your Highness. It means a lot to me.”
Broken? Beyond repair? Hopeless?
“Where did you
Tony’s brows shoot up, a sudden realization sparking through him.
But never strong enough.
It doesn’t really bother him. He always knew it was a possibility, even before the serum. If his frail body didn’t kill him, the war might have, in an attack on the camp or a raid in Germany, or really anywhere else. He’s not afraid of it. Nose-diving a plane is terrifying, of course it is, and his blood races with fear and the useless instinct to look for cover, to try and find any way he can come out of this alive, but it’s no use.
Steve makes an aborted move backwards, considering just giving up in this conversation altogether, when Natasha’s voice interrupts him harshly.
Who is Tony for him?
are they going to do about those books now?
“But that is one way I can help.” Thor says, with a spike of eagerness in his voice, much more serious and way less boisterous than Tony remembers him – and when he steps forward to stand in front of Tony, his posture speaks of confidence, but hard-earned and
(It’s so easy to forget, isn’t it.)
He doesn’t.
He struggles to find strength back on his legs, his muscles cramping and his knees painfully stiff, and his entire abdomen throbbing with a dull, low ache,  something that makes him feel oddly bloated, like he is expanding from the inside out until he bursts. He’s not really sure what’s happening to him anymore. Is he still bleeding inside? Maybe he is. It doesn’t feel like it, but how would he know?
out of you.”
He has no idea what Thor and Cap are going to do with an entire floor, though, but he figures some things you can’t go wrong with.
did to him, when he turned. They used him as an experiment because he had no one to turn to. It’s not right.”
Nebula pauses.
“What about Rhodey? Where is he?” he asks, worriedly. “Is he alright?”
But he’s glad. He’s so very glad.
“I didn’t know it was an Infinity Stone then.” Thor justifies. “Magic, even magic as powerful as the Aether had seemed, is not unheard of in Asgard. My father… My father had many things hidden across the universe, in an attempt to protect our people from getting close to it, or to prevent it from falling into the wrong hands. Chances are some of them won’t be discovered in thousands of years, if they ever are. I had no way of knowing the Aether was something more.”
(He understands.)
– if the Stone’s last
<subject= “Peggy Carter”>
, something changed. Tony changed.
It’s the only comfort he can give himself.
The voice is surprisingly calm, almost uninterested. Jarvis ceases his typing, but he does not turn around, instead reaching for a gun he had already placed beside himself, keeping his finger on the trigger as a precaution.
, he has no permission to trespass. Besides that, for all intents and purposes, he will be a free man.”
; and coming from anyone else, Tony would not have taken it at face value, but this is
“It took you two years, and you never told him. It… It makes me wonder, you know?” Sam inquires. “Would you have told him? At all?”
But sometimes, when it’s not about a fight, when it’s not a about a battle, but it’s a about a
(Outside—)
because people are trying to hold them back, trying to push their own agendas into their hands and use them for selfish reasons.
, just to keep himself a little busier, trying to distract himself from the feeling of the need to stay alert for the inevitable action, a feeling he can never erase from deep inside of him.
Should he be surprised about it? He isn’t, really. Somewhere deep inside he always knew, he always felt like his relationship with Tony would be something he would never be completely at ease with; Something, that someday, might…
he should know better, but he couldn’t – he wasn’t going to ignore the huge alien spaceship, much less after Bruce’s warning. Tony had been—
Yep. We're going down THAT road now.
, but it sounds like
Thor breathes, hard and deep, and Tony stands there waiting, seething – and the moment stretches so long it almost becomes painful, the force of Tony’s locked jaw hurting all the way into his teeth, until Thor’s face hardens into something so incredibly steadfast, pure strength, and he asks in a curt voice:
, they jumped into a fight with no
“Well, it could work.” He agrees, simple and factual. “Are you sure about this?”
Tony halts.
“Tell me the name and I’ll get it for you.”
“Like you accused me of leaving civilians to death because I
(She switched sides.)
His heart feels like its trying to beat out of his chest.
But that’s not it. It’s Thor, it’s Thor losing control, and the sound of his thunder makes the sky go bright with its lightning, the all too familiar smell of rain made even stronger by the dense smell of ash and concrete, and his emotions just bend nature despite his will, as he watches horrified the crowd completely lose itself in the wake of their fear.
(She’s just trying to explain.)
of it, the
“We have to go.”
Tony knows Thor is a god. It’s not easy to forget, given his size, his posture, and his power, but it rarely comes up to the attention for anything other than a confirmation that yes – there are not alone in the universe, yes, there are actual, living alien-gods, yes, there are beings out there more powerful than they can imagine; But rarely ever, Thor’s… essence is brought up for the mere fact that he, for all intents and purposes, has seen
“How old were you?” Tony whispers. “When he took you?”
Natasha says nothing, just keeps looking at him like he’s painful to look at.
it all does away, because the phone is
“What do you mean, you don’t like when people hand you things?”
And that’s when it starts to happen.
it. He might not have meant it before, years ago, but he definitely knows now. He’s learned better. The suit is not what he needs. He can give it up, if that’s what she needs. “I can stop. After this, I can stop.”
No, he wasn’t. He never was. He tried to be, but he’s too soft.
He knows she’s not asking what she’s asking. Or better – she
“He threw a
“And it stayed there, until Ragnarok arrived.” Thor informs, sounding forlorn, his eyes still locked onto Loki’s picture in the board.
know the difference either.
“I don’t know.” Clint says. “I know he’s not here to bring us back. From what I can tell, no one knows he’s here. He doesn’t actually have permission to be here.”
“I don’t wanna talk about it.”
It tastes like
Too long, obviously. Far, far too long.
“I am a friend.”
After all this time, Tony doesn’t even get the small reprieve of
Bruce heaves out a shuddering breath, frame shaking and hands trembling as he curves into himself and hides his face in his palms, pressing the heels to his eyes, like he could hold his head together by putting pressure on it, like a splitting headache inside were threatening to crack it open like a fragile china vase. He drags his hands down and plays with his lips, squeezing them and wringing his fingers, while he looks distantly to the floor, like he’s not truly seeing it as he thinks.
They turn around, surprised, and yes, it was –
“Hold on, did you just say the
” Tony exhales, so, so relieved, so glad he can feel himself shake with overwhelming emotion. His breath is stuttering, his back muscles actually hurt and pinch from exertion with each and every too-deep inhale, but he pays it no mind. His eyes go upward, unnecessarily,
“So, in simple terms.” Sam says slowly, raising his eyebrows at Vision. “They can, but we can’t.”
“What are you going to do—!?”
“That’s the spirit, big guy.” Tony says, because he’s an asshole who doesn’t know how to express genuine admiration, but he does want to say… something. He wants Thor to know he is listening, and that he is, as much as he can, trying to believe what Thor is saying. Though Thor’s wisdom speaks of experience beyond Tony’s capabilities, Tony owes him, if not for the fight, for this incredible display of trust on Thor’s part, to at least
“No one thinks that.” Steve shakes his head, exasperated, but the corners of his mouth tug upwards a little without his permission. But he can’t help it. It’s working. They’re here, just Steve and Tony, and look at that – they’re having a normal conversation and no one has been hit yet! And Tony’s smiling too, he also likes spending time with Steve, and this is everything Steve’s wanted for months. “Not with all the new people we got now. You want to go tell Hawkeye and War Machine and Spider-Woman you think they’re not good at long range?”
Tony lets out a deep breath, shaking his head a little. “It’s going well. Maybe. I’m not sure.”
“We need to close you up again.” Nebula scowls, but with no real bite in her voice. She just frowns at Tony, looking tired for the first time since Tony’s met her, and deep down, he feels really fucking guilty that he was the one to make her feel that way. “Hold on tight. I’ll help you back. You can see the people and I can close your wound.”
“How long?” Steve insists, because he has to know. He needs confirmation. It doesn’t matter if he can’t do anything about it now, he needs to know, he needs to make sure he didn’t do what he fears he did.
(What are you doing wrong?)
“FRIDAY.” Tony calls. “Give me a run-down.”
Nebula looks at him out of the corner of her eyes, and the movement is weird, as her eyes are almost solid black all the way through; But he can sense the motion, can
Thor makes a disbelieving noise “I bet you a hundred dollars the Captain would really appreciate… your help.”
But Christ, that had been in 2013. How
are one of the most
Tony wishes he didn’t feel anything at all.
the opportunity as soon as he could, because he was
All he has to do is wait.
could see the future, in a way, or so he said; The
I'm not making this hard on Tony because he deserves it. On the contrary - Tony deserves so much more than what I'm about to do to him. They all do. But
chasing
“Okay, then with the fuel we’ve
“Yeah, that’s what I thought too at first, but I’ve been studying on it.” Scott replies, more confidently. “Actually, there’s some advantages to surrendering, you know? You can make some agreements when you go in trial. I’ve done it before, I know how it goes.”
“We need you to stop this, right now!” Rogers screams, like a madman, to the crowd.
was the one thing he never could rationalize – the way he talked, or the way he sometimes acted
“We’re gonna find Thanos, steal the Stones back, and snap our fingers. Bring them back.”
Four hours later, T’Challa calls again. It’s almost the middle of the night.
to fuck it up because you all can’t take it seriously! I will
“And we have no way to prove it unless he surrenders.” Natasha insists.
They don’t speak after that, but Steve kinda wishes they did.
“And that’s important… why?” Barton asks, unimpressed.
This discussion is not over yet. In fact, it's only half of it. Peter Parker, Harley Keener, the Barton kids, Nebula and Gamora, and Groot; This is our list so far.
(Why would she?)
(But will you ever not be like that? For him?)
“Of course, Peggy.”
Steve is quiet.
The sound of a window breaking coming from
(Get on the ship.)
(Not every single time.)
“Sorry!” Tony tells him.
It’s impulsive, the same way it was with Pepper years ago, when the urge simply boils over and his body acts faster than his brain could decide it’s a
, and Steve at this point is so accustomed to it he doesn’t react to the obvious assessing in his eyes. “You are not as concerned, this time.”
He can’t fight her on this. Not when they are the same.
“Ok.” Steve says, because what else there is to say, really? “Does Wanda know?”
“We do what we can.” Steve says, quietly, almost as if he’s begging. Begging for her to agree. Begging her to help him go through this, because he can’t do it alone. He needs Natasha by his side. He needs her. He needs all of them, and not having all of them
to it, no speculation, just firm, unwavering conviction,
“No!” Bruce scrambles for a better wording. “Just a sample. Maybe some tests. But we need you to be here.”
She’ll never trust Bucky, unless she’s
Cap. It looks… really good. Uncanny resemblance.”
in this stranded land, in this vast, deep, silent planet. Forgotten and broken, left to waste away, just as he was.
See you next time, everybody. Happy holidays to all and I'll talk to you very soon :)
Jarvis tries not to shudder. It really does not look like an automatic message.
A single word. His name.
beyond what I expected to go. It's really not as simple as the movies make it seem. And I'm sure someone will eventually feel the instinctive need to go on about how "they're bad!" or "they're good!" just because, but when I say it's not as simple as it seems, believe me, it's really
“Yeah, I guess so.” Steve concedes, if a little embarrassed by the fact. And his eyes gain a mischievous glint, and he even dares to tease Tony by saying, “You saying you’ve been to my exhibition at the museum, Mr. Stark?”
noise. “Yeah, not sure if I advise that.”
As he's about to reach the door, however, Wanda's voice calls him back.
Rogers looks at her like she has just pulled a knife on him out of nowhere.
“Are they in the shelter?”
Steve had come here to say he’ll be back soon. He will get everyone else out of the Raft, and he will be back, and when Bucky’s good, when he’s
“Did Clint eat all of the lamb in banana sauce?”
, it feels like treading on thin ice, the verge of opening a door that holds something much too strong for him to fight off. “Yes, I know, you’re right. I just… I remember her watching the news and being completely devastated about the things they said about her. I don’t want her to go through that again.”
What could possibly be a
“He’s Captain America.” Tony shrugs, and leaves, and he pretends he can’t hear Clint screaming at his back,
“Tony.” Natasha clarifies. “You’re waiting for him to ask you to come back, aren’t you? You won’t come back, not if he doesn’t ask you to.”
Their conversation has not left his mind yet. He still doesn’t know what to think of it.
In the morning, they separate. Not too much, but enough to be noticeable. Enough to disturb the weak, fragile balance they had kept during the previous months.
Steve smiles, hoping it comes off as merely amused and not smug, as he feels inside, because
, Tony
And he had wanted so badly to have it with Pepper.
Wanda, too. Steve can also see the instances where he almost did the same to Wanda. How he had despaired that night at Clint’s, when Wanda admitted feeling guilty, when Steve still saw her as a
(Will we talk about this now?)
Steve closes his mouth shut, his teeth clicking together in a painful way. Shuri keeps talking anyway.
He sits there in silence and he stares at
the chance to leave, right now, right before his eyes, and he will
“You know you can call us, right?” Tony asks, softly, with a tilt of his head and teeth worrying his lower lip, hoping Wong can tell that he really means it, he really does.
It’s happening, isn’t it?
As much as Strange insisted the Stone had been his responsibility, of this Sanctum – Strange is
“Report to what?”
– when you used the Bifrost, what you opened was an Einstein-Rosen Bridge. I read the SHIELD files, Dr. Foster herself helped to identify the activity in New Mexico.”
(Don’t you know what it does to you?)
“You will see.”
“I need to know if they’re alive.” Tony confesses, broken and helpless, and his heart squeezes so painfully inside his chest that the monitor goes wild.
He’s so glad he has Natasha on his side. Even though he
, to be a
The air is stale and rancid, dry as sand, so sharp and dusty and polluted it almost feels
Shuri, however, reacts a little bit differently.
But he—
But it’s hard enough that they’ll have to fly over a city that had just gotten attacked by
Sam and Nat look at him, waiting for his reaction, and he makes a quick decision. Clint seems to think this is a time-pressing matter, and Steve can’t waste any more of it. He’ll decide, and see what happens. They’ll be ready for whatever the outcome. “We’ll be there in an hour.
He doesn’t need to. He knows.
He’s dead.
The voice is not Rhodey’s. It comes from behind Tony, and so he turns bewildered to find Nebula and the
But he opts for the truth.
Steve is paying attention now. All the time. He thinks about the Accords, over and over, about what could happen to Scott and what they would have to do if it did. He strategizes, but he does it in silence.
(Yeah.)
(The world is just too quiet.)
that operated on him. “Hard surgery. Bad wound. You might never be the same. Your body can’t heal like it was before.”
, and we need to find Thanos before it all runs out. What can we do, if we go out there? These people have nowhere to go. Nowhere is safe. The only way to make it safe is to get that Gauntlet, and only way to make it faster is to go back, and work on it so we can fix this.”
Steve knows no one else but him can ever truly understand how
Oh, God, he survived.
And if there’s something inside Bruce where they overlap, maybe it’s not just the rage.
The cruel part of Steve’s mind wants to sneer that
“Tony.” Someone calls, and it takes a moment for Tony to realize it’s Rogers, Rogers, who’s heading for the door behind Natasha and Barton, but is hesitating, Rogers, with his brows furrowed and deep lines creasing his forehead, Rogers, who looks like he might actually come back if Tony tells him to.
So he keeps going.
Nebula nods, all business, no hesitation at all. “How do we get there?”
He promises.
Tony is not gonna lie and say this is not about the kid. It is. It is about the kid. Along the desperation and sorrow, there is an ember of rage that refuses to cool inside his core, there is a wound that will never stop bleeding for as long as he doesn’t bring that kid back to the arms of his aunt, to Tony’s own shaky embrace, Goddamnit; Because he will
; Tony just… Tony just doesn’t know how to deal with Barton right now, so maybe he should let Rogers handle it. Make himself scarce and let them talk between them.
Tony is not…
, to make himself deserving of holding that shield in his hands once again.
So, actually, let me ask you a question. Do you mind if the chapters are this long, between 9-11k? That seems to be the pattern I'm falling into this time around. Let me know if you find it too much - or if you're a monster like myself, that reads 50k chapters and doesn't give a shit. This is a very long and very mentally exhausting story, so I want to make this experience comfortable for you. Let me know what you think.
“Great.” Bruce says, making very clear it’s not great at all.
Tony starts closing in slowly, feet first, lowering himself with a cautioned trajectory so he can look around while he moves.
Yes, seeing her in the armor when the Malibu house was destroyed was kind of hot, but that’s not what he means.
in a situation that could turn into a fight with the
When it’s empty, every single room is too big.
they suddenly look, how odd it is to see them so open and close to each other, like their friendship has deepened in ways they have no idea while they weren’t looking.
“Bruce.” Tony calls him when he realizes that Bruce might be silently panicking, just a little bit, fearing they are all ignoring the seriousness of his arguments. Tony’s not. Believe him, he is
“I’ll make him pay.” Nebula growls, and Tony, for a wild, thoughtless second,
There is another pause, less heavy this time. And then—
could have, to just… accept their fate and settle with the bad hand they’ve been dealt?
As long as they can talk.
far too close to his own booth for his comfort. Steve was not there. No.
“I’ll get you something to eat.” Rhodey says, standing tall next to him, his voice giving no option to decline. “And you’re gonna eat it, and then you’re gonna sleep. And if you try to leave this building before us, I’m gonna disable your suit myself and you’ll be sitting here while we go out there and kick ass. You hear me?”
Tony had
Pepper lets out a startled sound, something that is almost a scream, and she jumps back and pulls Tony along with her, dragging them both closer to the armor, who responds to her distress and activates sentinel mode immediately, a mechanical arm holding up a repulsor ready to blast right over Tony’s right shoulder.
“I don’t know.” Bruce heaves, wildly. “And I hope we never have to find out.”
” he sneers, cruelly. “decide to prioritize politics over doing the right thing, I’m not going with them. I won’t follow rules just because they’re rules, because rules can be
A miniature Arc Reactor, to power the suit. Just like his’. Just like his heart.
about this, it’s so ridiculous of him, to be concerned with
Steve has. He knows it doesn't work.
– will forever stand out. Steve guides Sam there easily, and in no time at all the Quinjet is being lowered on the landing platform, with absolutely no interference, as the king had promised them it would.
“Buck?” Steve asks dumbly, feeling a little lightheaded, the great dam that holds back his emotions overflowing with relief and happiness, his eyes stinging with unshed tears.
Pepper had always thought more of Tony than Tony thought of himself.
to, and you kept refusing to listen!” Thor bellows, opening his arms in an exasperated shrug, like a kid who is annoyed that they’re not getting their point across.
, and he is grateful for it – he is shocked by how
“Safer than leaving Jarvis watching him when none of us are home?”
Since Steve refuses to go to Fenway Park because of the Sox, which is pretty funny in Tony’s opinion, Tony takes him to the Museum. He’s not an art guy himself, and all the art he has collected over the years had been solely for Pepper’s enjoyment, not his own, but he thinks Steve is gonna love it, so it’s worth it. Steve tries not to show how excited he is at the idea, but Tony knows him well enough by now that it doesn’t stick.
He hoped so.
“Well.” Clint huffs, placing his hands on his hips and giving them all a look, his lips pressed into a thin line as he nods. “Guess this is it. You ready to go, Vision?”
Steve can’t be so heartless as to fault the civilians for wanting justice for their lost loved ones. The angry, bitter part of him wants him to, but he won’t. He won’t be such a hypocrite. People are mourning, they are confused and they are angry and… and Steve
She is, after all, the Black Widow, and she is much more skilled in stealth than Steve could ever hope to be. He’s not sure if she’s actively hiding from him or just wandering around gathering intel as she always does, but he wouldn’t put past her to be; But he doesn’t really care right now. Steve paces through the halls practically stomping, his body feeling way too heavy for him to control how imposing and furious he looks, his mind too preoccupied to bother about it.
Not Thanos’.
He catches up to them outside, behind the building, where they’re talking standing in the middle of a small parking lot. Steve suddenly realizes how
Steve immediately worries and wants to apologize, but he doesn’t know
“No, not at all.”
Tony hadn’t even been a father at all.
“Do it.” Steve commands, and his decision is
“We can’t wait, Bruce, you know that.”
“I always find it prudent not to underestimate an enemy, Mr. Jarvis.”
“Yes.” Carter nods, immediately shifting into a professional posture, following Rhodey’s cue with admirable grace, removing her communicator and kneeling down to offer it to the civilians,
And he has every right to doubt it. It’s true. He does.
“Much like the story I mentioned about the Bifrost and the creation of the Universe, and how it allows us to travel across long distances with dark energy – our myths, in Asgard, speak of the power of the Stones from way before any of the Sorcerers like that man Wong were ever born.” Thor elaborates. “We’ve had books on them in Asgard long before
Nebula has to push open the emergency bar for him, because his hands aren’t strong enough. He’s probably starving, isn’t he? He can’t tell. He doesn’t feel anything in his stomach besides the ache. He sees the plaque as soon as Nebula’s hand pushes the bar and they swing open the heavy door – and the number 7 stares him back right in the face, mocking and daring, and Tony lets out a tired, anguished sigh. Seventh floor.
He broke his heart.
, because it was meant for him, and not for Vision, but… -, or even
(Here it comes.)
, and Tony’s jaw clicks shut so tight he thinks he cracks a tooth or two with the force of the movement.
(How easily we turn against each other)
(There is
Wong turns around again, startling Tony out of his stupor, and he begins walking back to the shelves, disappearing between them while chains rattle and release quickly as he grabs other books and piles them on his arm, efficient and familiar, until he has a small pile nested at the crook of his elbow to bring forward and settle on top of the table closest to them, with a loud band and a puff of dust flying off the pages as they are moved in who knows how long from their display.
” Nebula repeats, slightly annoyed. “They knew I hadn’t killed you, and I requested help. They knew I wanted to save you.”
Tony hopes so.
He sees blue hands reaching under a frail back, careful with their movement, and as she finds the right grip, the body slowly gets pulled from under the car, like it’s floating on water and being washed away by the stream. Nebula scoops the boy into her arms and stands up, and Tony watches fixedly as she walks around to the other side, walking away from him, cradling the kid with such… surprising care, tucking his head into the crook of her elbow so he’ll be comfortable and still.
“We should do this again.” He says, as they’re both walking back in the direction of Stark Tower, lazily strolling through the long way around on campus.
Tony can hear has grown so loud, so sharp and distressing that his shoulders tense in a way it almost makes his back hurt. With every single step, every centimeter he gets closer to the exit, he gets more and more alert, more
(See the end of the chapter for
and it hurts to think about, but he can’t help it. It’s what being too vulnerable does to him. Makes the thoughts louder. Harder to ignore. Tony sighs and rubs his hands on his face, wishing he could wipe away the exhaustion, wishing he could just
to know what they’re made of so we can
it for himself. Her hands find his hair and squeeze, not too gently, forcing his head back so she can look at him, her eyes frantic with worry. “Almost the entire state has no energy anymore. Soon water stations will stop too, if they haven’t already. People are gathering in hospitals because some of them still have light, but—”
“I had to stop the suit.”
Pepper stops, and in her hesitation, Tony sees more sadness than he thought was possible to convey in one single pause. “I’m not asking you to do that, Tony.”
“Okay.” Tony interrupts, too frazzled and anxious to sit here and
He needed her to know that he cared. He couldn’t… he wouldn’t make the mistake of letting her think that he didn’t.
It is certainly how he feels.
Rogers takes one, so do Natasha and Lang. Rocket and Nebula take the other two. The one in Bruce’s hand stays, the Time one, as he looks to the cover as if his long, intense stare could unlock its’ secrets, and both him and Tony, as they are left alone in the room, take in deep breaths and let their shoulders sag, because no one else is there to see them.
(Do you remember?)
Tony runs his hands over his face, roughly, fingers digging into his eyes so forcefully he can see white spots all over when he opens them, unhinged. “We don't have
Damn it,
But maybe he isn’t.
“Do you feel pain?” Nebula asks after a beat, almost as an afterthought, interrupting his line of logic harshly.
, he’s
She doesn’t answer his question. Not really.
are the ones not taking this seriously enough, and Tony will
“Zemo used
AoU is a shitty movie. A real bad movie. But also - AoU is a goldmine, if you know what to look for.
A hand in his arm brings him back to attention, but he doesn’t startle. The touch is gentle, warm against the cold skin of his forearm, his skin clammy with sweat from the chase he gave the leader of the gang they cornered not too long ago. It’s comforting. Grounding.
“It doesn’t
, lost long ago to arrogance and mistrust and now so
it my concern?” Tony presses.
Does he mean Loki? Loki can shapeshift, right? But Thor has always referred to Loki as a
He knows what chaos sounds like. Why he’s at a corridor and not a room also tells him something – when he arrived, the rooms were
He would have accused Tony of this too, once. Accused him of not trusting them. But then – Steve remembers
“It’s cool if you don’t want to sign them, Cap. I’m not angry about that.” Clint says in a lighter tone, probably concerned with the lack of a proper response from Steve. “I understand. You have much more at stake than I do. Not trying to be an asshole or anything, but you don’t have much more than the Avengers now, do you? It sucks.”
Steve had never actually told his team what went down between him and Bucky during the fall of the Helicarriers, not in detail, but they all
It feels wrong, to listen in during their conversation, even if they’re having it right here, between them all in the room. It just feels wrong. Nebula and Rocket are mourning people none of them had the chance to meet, even if Tony did encounter them for a short while, and their grief is so complete, so consuming it feels like disrespect to see it and not offer any help or condolences, even if they
(No hard feelings, yeah,
“It’s ok, Wanda.” Steve almost stutters, and he tries for a joking tone to mask how off guard she caught him with her apology. “I can’t really blame you for using your powers on us when we we’re fighting in opposite sides, can I?”
Jarvis doesn’t move, but she notices the way his eyebrows twitch in confusion.
But now, things have changed.
, and now they’re
, because he can’t stand her just being silent.
, and she wants him to know. “And why exactly should Tony trust you, after learning you hid this from him?”
, but Tony
Steve could have prevented that.
They’re not without bruises this time either. At one point, Tony attempted to grab his shield and it escaped his hands only to jam painfully into his arm, and the head of one of the dummies got thrown into the air with one of Tony’s explosives and it fell on Steve, and he might have a huge bump hiding beneath his hair, but it’s definitely there, because Steve can
“Are you dating Bucky?” Steve repeats, struggling to keep himself calm. “I’m just asking.”
“What?” Sam splutters. “Wait, the Reactor? What, why?”
“How can they be composed of the same chemical properties, have the same energy systems, but act on different things?” Bruce questions, frowning.  “How can they know what to act on?”
(Never ready. Always late.)
He now realizes why the Accords exist. Not the Accords Ross tried to showcase, no – the Accords that king T’Chaka proposed, the Accords meant to make justice for the seven Wakandans they had killed in Lagos, even if just by accident. Because that’s the thing, isn’t it? It’s
he turned around, really, and Tony had ignored her.
“Well, you noticed too.” Tony grumbles, almost childishly. He knows why Thor is assuming – correctly – this is about Steve, because they all
“Wanda told us,” Barton says, with worrying deliberation, “that she got to you too. Inside the Base, in Sokovia.”
Rhodes.
And that raccoon—
“He won’t
He’s not scared. Of this land, of their music, or their strange traditions.
“Yes, we’re sure.” Pepper replies, immediately.
He will do this with or without them.
“Alright.” Bruce exhales harshly, his breath causing static through the phone, steeling himself. “I’ll see you at the Compound. But you got to
steadies him with a stronger grip at his elbow and a firm hand to his back.
(It never is.)
Maybe he could have helped. He would have
, and
So, when he wakes up in the future and his memories don’t let him sleep, he finds a way to pass the time and makes a habit of regularly damaging gym equipment. When they tell him he’ll have to bring the Tesseract back, Steve is pissed, but he does it. And then they tell him the guy who stole it is a god, an actual, genuine god, with powers and everything, and Steve, although skeptical at first, sees both Loki and Thor for himself; He just
(C’mon, Cap.)
. Great.
Steve shakes his head nervously, closing his eyes for a second, trying to push away the voices of both Tony and Natasha who whisper in his ears, like devils perched on his shoulders.
Feeling weak, Tony lets himself drop to land close to them, letting Steve down with a completely ungraceful move, almost letting him fall, and the sudden shift in his balance has him toppling and both of them crashing painfully to the floor, twisting on the cold, wet soil as they struggle to reorient themselves, pathetic and completely drained to their bones.
So maybe it’s really just because this is… new. In some ways. New for Steve, as far as hook-ups go, and new for Tony as far as
(God, he was just a
Just like that, a cold feeling falls upon the room. Barton’s face goes hard as stone.
(What else can he do?)
“Simply practicing, Captain.” Vision makes a resigned expression. “I can’t imagine being afraid of your own powers is a very pleasant position to be in. Wanda has no one to help her get familiar with her abilities, so she must explore them and learn to control them on her own. It is only fair. She deserves to feel comfortable with herself.”
He has no right to ask for it.
Steve reaches up to his hair, burying his fingers in the strands, stopping himself from pulling it in the very last second. He bunches it all in a fist, tight and unrelenting, probably smearing blood all over it, and he exhales in a useless effort to make his heart
The fact that Vision is here and he didn’t use the phone. Tony could be hiding the phone -  which is
It didn’t work.
“Technically, this is my house and you have to follow my rules. That’s how it goes.” Tony interrupts, flippantly. “I’ll even take you to the store instead of buying online. If that will appease your nonagenarian sensibilities.”
“You got coordinates to these places?” Rocket asks Nebula, in turn.
“Tony.” Rhodey calls, in a cautious voice. “C’mon. We gotta stick together.”
“Why is the suit a problem?” Natasha then joins in the inquiry, her brows furrowed in elegant confusion.
, simply because it’s his. Unable to give up on his guilt, even if he tries to convince everyone to do the same.
(But you won’t.)
” Tony says, his mouth working faster than his brain, that is still struggling to catch up, still struggling to make that last connection, as if it’s holding back on
(You know that.)
“It’s fine, it just stings a little. No big deal.” Tony assures her, and is properly ignored.
causes on someone.”
“No.” Steve confesses. “I don’t.”
“He never explained why he didn’t have the shield with him when we fought Thanos.” Thor shuffles in place, shifting his weight from one foot to another, also sounding like he’s a little too helpless in this situation. Unlike Bruce, who looks alarmed, Thor just looks… confused, bemused almost, like something in Rogers’ silence saddens him. “I asked him, but he refused to speak. You were the one who had it?”
, and Bucky, not the soldier, not the brain-washed man, but
Because it’s the worst thing we’ve ever done, one of my worst ideas, and you’re all just
Ever since the serum, Steve had been floating around humankind, but not feeling like a part of it. Responsible for it, yes. Worried for it, of course. But never quite
One person, the only one Tony can see apart from the rest, is carrying a sign that says
It sounds heavy now, that word.
Because of that, Tony and Wanda—
(And what did Sam say?)
(Why is she so far away?)
“Don’t
Steve looks at her, one eyebrow raised, and Natasha stares back with the unflinching reprimand his Ma used to give him when he was being purposefully difficult. That unimpressed,
“If I should be there even when they tell me they don’t want me to. Sometimes you should. But sometimes you shouldn’t. There are some things kids should learn on their own. And as much as I love that kid, she’s not a
(If Nebula brought him here, and never left to look for her people—)
For a second, he thinks he’s disappearing too, because it hurts
, Tony?”
(The world is never kind.)
look away, to put his foot down and take his stand, as he should have done ever since the beginning. Tony doesn’t know how to back down, and even when he tries, it never lasts long. Hell, ask
“We are in Wakanda under your protection, despite everything that’s happened.” He says, attempting to make clear how grateful he is about it, but he’s not succeeding. He just feels cold. Furious.
In his chest, something that is both relief and dread flare out like a warning sign, exploding in red and sparks of heat, and it’s nauseating that he can even feel the slightest twinge of anything other than the most intense happiness for Tony for not having lost his fiancé. But he does. He does, because Steve is a weak man, and somewhere inside, somewhere he won’t admit exists not even to himself, feels even worse when he sees Pepper on his side, feels even more lost, because Pepper is a blind spot in Steve’s vision, a person that Steve doesn’t know well and cannot predict, and the possibility of Tony refusing to give him the smallest chance to make amends and rebuild trust between them in favor of leaving with Pepper again, away from them, to never return – selfishly, it makes Steve resent Pepper a little, because Steve is beyond the point where he can pretend to be good, to be charitable, to feign to be anything other than the wreck that he really is.
, truly happy, because of him.
As much as he doesn’t care, he can’t
They are waiting.
He wonders—
Some of them, though. Some of them hit right on the nail.
It's very heartwarming and rewarding to see a team fight together again when they've just had a nostalgic, welcoming reunion, surely - but that is not the case here, is it? I feel like we need to talk a little bit about that.
is simply not safe.
, but he obviously thought he wouldn’t
but to wait, to stay so still he looks like a statue in the middle of the damned roof.
, but the mere presence of Nebula stops him from doing it. He doesn’t know why, but his hand won’t move.
Quick to judge.
“It was insane.” Bruce exhales, his eyes wide and a little crazed, lost in memory, even as he helps Tony up the bed and starts to remove his bandages. “His army. Did you
(Sounding a bit too prepotent there, Cap.)
But he aches for it anyway.
Tony curses through gritted teeth, ignoring the way his heart beats one very painful beat, hope dying violently in the crooked, hidden spaces between his ribs.
And here it is, the final straw. He’s had enough, he’s
“How far?” Pepper asks—
It lasts only a second, but it’s enough. He couldn’t even brace himself for the impact. He couldn’t have known. He should have, but he didn’t, because the one time it happened before, he pushed it to the back of his head. He swallowed it down like he did everything else, gulping down poison like it was water, letting the dark pit inside him grow unsupervised, ignoring it as if it would just disappear. He ignored it because
“I know.” Tony says, not allowing anything but the utmost confidence bleed into his voice. “And that’s why I’m gonna help you figure out how to do it. No one can do it better than you.”
Behind the Dora Milaje is T’Challa himself, accompanied by his sister and his mother, and he stands noble and patient by the entrance to the palace. They approach him slowly, in steady steps, almost cautiously, and T’Challa takes a few steps forward to meet them halfway; In a gesture that feels much more significant than it looks.
of you.)
?” Nebula throws back at him, full of snark.
.” Steve exhales, the words choking in his throat. “With my shield.”
After the invasion, after the attack, after the final verdict. They
“What do we do?” Sam asks, already preparing to land the Quinjet in whatever place he can find, his fingers moving over the panels to quickly they almost become a blur.
(And he won.)
“Yeah.” Steve says, completely dry.
“FRI?” Tony prompts.
(Please, please.)
“We’ll remember.” Steve affirms. “Thanks, Clint.”
“I apologize.” Thor mutters, heartfelt, letting his hand slip heavily from Tony’s shoulder in a lazy, exhausted glide, when Tony fails to provide any response. “I don’t mean to sound discouraging. I’m sure Miss Potts—”
Tony thinks.
“Clint.” Steve greets, and Natasha and Sam come forward and stop right by his shoulders, one in each side, forming a protective barrier around Clint’s projection in Steve’s hand.
(I’m kinda disappointed to know that, Cap, not gonna lie.)
No, no, no.
trembling inside his chest when Howard Stark, in words that should have never made Tony feel the way it felt, told him that Tony was his greatest creation. Sometimes, Tony’s brain will tell him that’s a lie, a comforting lie, but a lie nonetheless, and if he chooses to believe that or not – it simply varies from day to day.
we stay together.”
(Why did she
“We’re leaving a paper trail.” Sam said once, in good humor, ironically raising a handful of crumpled notes they collected over the last two countries they’ve been in. “Not really good for stealth, is it?”
Tony knows, with no reservations or doubts, that he is part of something bigger than himself, something he can contribute to, to ensure the world will be better and be safe, and that’s all he’s ever cared about. He’s a futurist – he’s
“Wong.” Tony says, as tactfully as he can manage, knowing the pleading in his voice is raw and too desperate, but he can’t help it. “We would like your help to find a way to reverse this.”
He can only
, of the unknowing attack she inflicted on him during her nightmares; And then Steve halts and realizes that Clint said that misunderstanding had happened
, Wanda apparently messing with Tony’s mind inside the HYDRA base, something that Steve had never known, and now he doesn’t know how to feel about it. He could have accused him from the mess with the Accords, too. Accused him of being blinded by his grief, of not considering the repercussions the Accords would have—
“How about you, Stevie?” He then asks. “When you gonna settle down in one place?”
“We have to attack him from all sides. Keep him fighting us, individually.” Rhodey points out, motioning into the air with his hand like he’s chopping something, dividing them into imaginary categories. “And steal them when he’s not looking.”
“But…” Clint hesitates. “Loki made me do things I never thought I’d do. I hurt people. I hurt
“It doesn’t. Yet.” The man finally looks him in the eye, and something about his gaze shifts when he does. Like a wall being put down, even if Jarvis can see many more still standing strong in his expression and body language. “But it will, if you end up finding something you don’t wanna find. So, help me here. What do you want to find, Mr. Jarvis?”
“Sorry about that.” Tony mumbles, twisting his lips, embarrassed. “Had a little too much, I think.”
, he wants to survive this, survive one more time, so he can
to him.
Steve has never seen before, and there’s
Still.
“Depends.” Tony raises his eyebrows. “You wanna be brain or brawn?”
dark energy in Asgard?” Bruce asks, incredulous, looking around the room to see if anyone is as astonished by this information as he is. They are not. But to be fair, they probably don’t know how beyond
“We need to take these books back and give them a look. Is that alright with you, Wong?”
himself. He’s leaning how to do it. We’ve tried, I helped him practice, he can make himself look
He gives Sam a piercing glare, expression hard and closed off, daring him to say another word in disagreement. Sam does not. He just stares back, kind of speechless, kind of guilty, and Clint feels bad for his harsh declaration in less than a minute, because he sighs one more time, so extremely weary, before continuing in a much more subdued, almost
She stops and blinks repeatedly, as if she’s holding back tears, and Tony runs the pad of his thumb over her wrist, caressing the blue veins on her pulse, and Pepper shudders as she takes in a deep breath, letting the air flow into her lungs, closing her eyes for just a second to reign her emotions back in and calm down.
He would take anything by now.
He really isn’t. But Tony – Tony
way, a
bitterness is much, much harder to remove. Steve can understand; but he can’t agree.
And Tony becomes a man on a mission.
“For what happened in Siberia.” Steve clarifies mournfully.
Simple. As the infamous Ultron has said it himself: Extinction.
It makes him feels like he’s stepping into another dimension altogether.
“We both had a rough time.” Steve interrupts, gently, and Tony gives him a silent nod. “I know it. But I think we both could use a win now, couldn’t we?”
They are all scattered across the lounge, sitting on the chairs and sofas and leaning on counters and walls, a weird distance between them, like no one can handle too much proximity, especially in a room suddenly so full of people like this. Tony finds it weird, but at the same time, he’s thankful for it, because it does feel like too much right now, and the only people he feels like can handle close are Pepper, Rhodey and, surprisingly, Nebula. So he’s glad that all three of them stay close by, even if the raccoon, the one that clearly knows who Nebula is, stands far in the back, almost hidden behind the large sofa in which Thor and Bruce sit, and neither he nor Nebula make the effort of being close or offering comfort to one another.
How can Tony ever fix this? How could he ever hope to fix this?
This is punishment. Shit, this is it, isn’t it? This is – This is – This is
Escaping a hospital should never, ever, be as easy as it was.
“Yeah?” Bruce says.
He wonders if she felt it, when she touched his torso.
“M’sorry.” He says, words hoarse. “Didn’t mean to sleep.”
. It’s not fair to Nebula, they don’t even know each other, not really, and Tony doesn’t want to allow himself to dwell too much on what are the unspoken connections he could so easily make between himself and her without even thinking about it.
She’s crying. She knows she is, she can’t see the screen anymore, the world is blurry and wet and so, so overwhelming.
Something in his eyes glimmer when he says it. She can’t look away.
, just like Rhodey used to be after his first few tours. Suddenly, it all clicks together – the willingness to jump to sex despite being embarrassed for wanting it, harsh kisses, as if he didn’t know how to do it any other way, but always so eager to when Tony turns his lips gentle, the… The fact that he goes so
One drop of blood. That was all he could take. He managed one mere, measly drop of blood, after all he has done. His best armor, his finest work,
fail if they really want to take that Gauntlet back and save all these people from being swallowed whole by the ashes that will drown the entire world in darkness.
, all wrapped in one. “
“What?” Bruce stammers, and his confusion echoes everyone else’s. “Since when?”
Tony had never thought about Barton’s status as an Avenger, or either of their statuses, if he’s being honest. He never thought it was something he should question, and if it was, he would probably be the last one to make such inquiries, considering that
, red hot shame curling in his guts and anger flaring deep inside his chest, his nails carving crescents in his palms before he can even stop them. All the times Tony had tried to convince Steve to listen about the Accords, and Steve brushed him off. At the time, he thought it was an attempt at manipulation. How— How fucking ridiculous was that? God, how could he ever think that Tony would
A good man. Like Steve wants to be.
, the window has been closed and he
Suddenly, Steve understands. Natasha doesn’t trust Bucky enough to be at ease, because the guarded part inside of her, the part that is more Black Widow than Natasha Romanov, tells her that it might be a
, is to find them. To face them. And to realize they don’t know what to do.
Not that he’s stupid, or not capable of following their logic or learning about wormholes and Bridges – Tony knows better than to fall for his boy-next-door look or his innocent blue eyes, battered and weary as they might be in his… Lawless Bandit, Righteous Vigilante outfit. Tony knows the guy is way smarter than he looks, he just – he wasn’t expecting Steve to
People are so used to see him in the suit that they often forget Tony has been wearing armor long before Afghanistan. They forget Tony has been playing this game for a very, very long time.
It’s a replica. A non-functional replica. Even if Tony doesn’t want to hold it, there’s no reason to let the feeling of his skin crawling get out of control.
“Even now?”
“Not your fault.” Sam whispers, and Steve wonders how much of those words Sam is saying to himself. “Whatever happened to Barnes is
But apparently, she isn’t done. Something is weighting on her mind still.
, right into his face, with no fear for what Steve might do to her. “If you try to push me against a wall again I will jam my elbow in your throat, Rogers. I’m done with your tantrums.” She warns. “I
Rhodey sighs, long and deep, and his head hangs low. “I don’t know, Tony. Maybe even the Infinity Stones can’t do everything by themselves.”
The carry flashlights, lit phones, torches.
(Disasters, both of you.)
Wanting everyone’s secrets but unwilling to give away his own.
He’s not sure if he would’ve been able to answer them with honesty.
“I believe,” Thor says, with delicate consideration, enunciating slowly and clearly, voice barely above a whisper; Almost as if he’s confiding in Tony, something he is not supposed to share but is doing it anyway, leaning down a little so he can be more closely to Tony’s eye level, refusing to let him avert his gaze. “That just like I saw Vision, and like I saw Nebula – I saw you, and the Stones, and I think they are connected. All of them. Whether you admit it or not, you
” She sighs, so tightly and tensely it almost sounds like a whine. “God, I got
“For you.” Clint shoots him a deriding smile. “Yeah. You want to fight, and you can’t go. But I don’t wanna fight, I wanna go
Oh God, please, let the Benatar not be broken. “What you got for me, dear?”
You're not going to like it. But that is the price of truth.
“It is said that the Tesseract was once of my father’s treasures.” Thor interjects softly, swaying a little in his place, as if he’s not sure what position he should take. “If it was no longer in the vault, it’s because he took it out of there on purpose. He probably hid it on Earth himself.”
He peeks to the side, and yeah – Thor walked around the corner of the table and placed himself next to Tony, his entire body postured in a comforting, open, perfectly amicable expression, a willingness to be present and to be a safe place for Tony to lay his grievances on that he had
“What are you expecting me to find?” Tony asks, helpless, truly at loss about what he should do.
merch, fancy stuff, type of way.”
“He deserves to know, Howard. I understand the need for secrecy, but Jarvis is
, FRIDAY.” Tony interrupts harshly. “How many?”
?” Bruce asks, rattled, voice pitched with fidgeting nerves, “and
“What?” Tony prompts, but then asks, “If you’re not dead, why are you here? Thought you’d get the first flight to Cancun or something. Not the best time to be prancing around when SHIELD has just gone down the hole, is it?”
But he should’ve known it wouldn’t. Tony would never allow it. Neither would Ross or the UN, of course, but
“You wanna get on that, Rogers?”
“Not that we know of.” Rogers confirms.
–, he could have also made our lives and every interaction with the UN hell, which I’m
, as if that was only
—But it never comes.
Steve is not burdened for being a hero. Steve is burdened for being simply
When Tony got the warning that he had fallen into the lake, when he got involved with the Vulture guy behind Tony’s back, when he realized Pete had been
“I’m going to say something that’s very personal and very difficult for me and I need you to listen and not interrupt me for a couple of seconds, okay?” She says, dropping her gaze, as she also brushes a soft touch against Tony’s skin, trying to settle him, as she can probably feel the way he’s frozen still while trying not to tremble. “I wasn’t going to tell you this, because I
Tony understands.
, something
They don’t.
to be.” Rhodey exclaims, with barely contained distress, but then – he stops, closing his eyes and taking in a deep breath, his whole body strung tight like a coil, pressure ready to snap, bracers whirring softly as he paces to the side, reaching for the table just so he can touch it, just so his hands will be busy. “I just – It’s bad enough that we have to let people down and not answer to calls. We
, hoping his discomfort can pass off as arrogance or, at the very least, nonchalance. “We might still have food around. We can’t go overboard and eat everything before we bring people back here, but there might be enough for all of us to have something.”
Natasha sighs, a motion Tony hasn’t seen her do in a very, very long time – time on the run aside. It’s not common to see her so affected, so
“And this was about the people too, not just about the government?”
” Tony stresses back, exasperated.
“Worry about your own wound.” Nebula prickly responds.
“We don’t know if Pietro had anything other than his physical abilities, but Wanda’s powers were directly involved with the Mind Stone, even more than her brother’s.” Rogers points out.
“By hitting the thing that used to keep him alive with
at Tony, his gaze razor sharp, and Tony shuffles uncomfortably under his scrutiny.
“So when Stark saw that…?” he pauses, giving Steve the cue to continue; to confirm his suspicions for him, because he can’t say them out loud.
, but they’re not just two. They’re three. Three monsters, of science and madness, trapped between hope and hopelessness, paving ways to hell with all the good intentions that have fallen short.
(It would
Stark looks at him funny, like he’s not sure how he should respond to Steve’s emotionless question, and says:
“You know… I haven’t spoken to Jane in years. Not after we – separated. I can only hope she is okay, and she’s out there, alive.” Thor says, unexpectedly, and it catches Tony off guard how he is
Rogers has no shield.
Another thing he hadn’t trusted them to know.
Steve twirls the ring around his ring finger again, slowly. He’s been doing that for hours now. It’s embarrassing, and he should stop, but he can’t pretend the feel and weight of it on his hand doesn’t feel overwhelming, can’t pretend he can’t feel his heart hammering when it’s almost trying to beat out of his chest.
“I don’t think so, ‘cause like you said –
At the first chance he gets, he corners Clint.
“I got you.” Tony whispers to him, and he wonders – no, he
The gate rattles and creaks,
Tony lets him, at least this time.
“Hm.” That
, Maria.”
, he wants to say.
“You knew.” Rogers exhales, like it’s a revelation.
For a master tactician, Steve can be pretty stupid.
” Sam retorts angrily, before huffing. “So listen to me:
For the first time in two years, the burn in his eyes becomes a little too much to bear, and a tear escapes and runs down his face before he even has the strength to wipe it off.
to breathe, he doesn’t want to do
Inside his helmet, it’s too quiet in the comms, and too loud inside his thoughts.
Which means that it’ll drain Tony’s energy faster, which will cause the armor to fail faster, and make the mesh particles recede faster. And it’ll kill him. But if they go too slow, the residual titanium levels will start to poison him from the inside out, and it’ll kill him, or he might simply bleed out anyway.
(You went behind my back!)
Nebula gestures to the left with her head, a graceful gesture of her neck, and Tony lets her lead the way to the ship with no protest or complaint. She helps Tony limp to the ship, a slow, careful trip around the perimeter of the hospital, her pitch-black eyes darting to every single corner warily every two seconds, on high alert to any possible threat. Tony feels like he is no more than a sack of potatoes being dragged around, ashamed and embarrassed, absolutely
It feels wrong, to harp on her hatred for them, for him, when so much had happened since Ultron was defeated. Since her brother was killed in the fight. Tony has never had the same feelings of care and protectiveness Steve and Clint had for her, but he’s never been… heartless. He respected her, or he tried to. Maybe he wasn’t good at it, but he tried. And he tried to make reparations when he could, even from a distance.
“It’s ok.” Natasha huffs out a single laugh, a sad, muted sound, as she shuffles with the papers on the table int front of her. “Neither was I. Not always, anyway. But this time, it seems like there’s something you aren’t telling me.”
were fighting.
Clint stays suspiciously quiet.
T’Challa makes a pause, thoughtful, and the air between them suddenly feels stifling and tense. He gives a hum, that hum, the one that always makes Steve feel like he’s being stared down through a microscope in a mere second; And Steve immediately feels his hackles rising up, the tick in his jaw painful and tight, the grinding of his teeth loud in his own ears.
, all of that was for
Tony doesn’t want her to hurt. Pepper – Pepper is the light of his life, she’s the reason why he struggled so hard to be functional and not lose himself to the call of the armor and of the fight, to the siren song of letting himself go to waste with nothing but revenge and mindless righteousness in his brain. She’s his ground, she’s his safe harbor, and to see her suffer
“Yeah, yeah, you just tryin’ to get Steve alone, you ain’t subtle.” Wilson jabs, but before Tony can even process the words fully, let alone react to them, Wilson claps a hand on his back and steps out, supposedly, to find Rhodey. “Good seeing you, man.”
The lighting changes again; This time, it’s vanishing, like the clouds are moving back to cover the entire sky in ashen darkness, the smell rancid and overwhelming, the air incredibly dry. Tony has no fucking idea where they are, and by the look on the faces of the others, they don’t know either – but they know
“Yes.”
“I threw away all my life!” Another man screams, voice raw, tears and snot running down his face, reflecting brightly the shine of the fire. “I threw it all for my daughter and I
” Bruce insists, a little frantically. “Maybe he meant
And Tony has nothing to say to that, nothing that will properly express the absolute mess that is bubbling inside him, a cauldron of hot, boiling feelings, and he twists his lips to avoid a whimper from clawing its way out, resisting, with all his might, the instinct to raise his arms and block her vision from his chest, from the compartment glowing bright blue in his heart, even though the thing he
(Tony can fix so many things.)
, if you’d have been caught.” Natasha points at him, and if Steve would’ve looked hard enough at it, he’d notice that she is
Thor seems surprisingly neutral about the idea of Thanos being able to destroy his axe, Tony realizes in mild surprise. Or maybe not neutral but –
“Do you have any other brilliant idea?” He snaps at Thor.
“Autographed?” Steve repeats, strangled, and oh yeah, Tony is
“I mean – wouldn’t you say that’s something to be concerned about?” Bruce raises his eyebrows. “Messing with Time is one of the most dangerous things someone can do. The Grandfather Paradox is only the surface of things that could go wrong.”
Eleven people, and it still might not be enough.
“Howard?” He hears Maria’s voice from downstairs. “What’s taking you so long?”
He put it there.
But usually, it’s Rogers who decides.
of what he should do, damnit.
of his body does.
“You know what?” Rhodey says, taking in a deep breath ans shuffling with some papers at his desk. “I think I’m gonna take a break here at the base. I’m coming up there for the next month. Buy me some cake.”
“Feeling
, a pat, like he would to a real person on the shoulder, like a proud father or a concerned friend.
“I have to find her.” Tony whispers to Nebula, his voice too soft for the speakers to pick up, his panic hidden from Pepper’s ears by his hushed tone. “I have to bring her here.”
Clint and Sam let out indignant sounds of protest.
Three?
(Nope. Still feeling kind of bitter, not going to lie.)
“I have learned not to ignore the warnings of a prophecy. My father spoke of them but I had never gotten one myself, and I was careless and didn’t realize what it would cost me.” Thor solemnly says, with a heavy tony and even heavier heart. “I know better now.”
“It’s not safe.” Carter replies pointedly.
a coincidence?”
his help – but isn’t just as well that he could refuse, like any of them, like
. His movements are slow, as if Antonio is a particularly spooked deer, who might run at the sight of the barest threat.
need this. I trust you as a friend, and I trust you with my life, but – if this is going to somehow break the trust we have on each other, I would prefer to have you, just as a friend, than not have you at all.”
They’re here.
Though she never was and never will be helpless or dependent on him, the very terrible comparison to a restless soldier and his poor, grieving wife is not something he can miss. Tony is the bastard that keeps chasing war like it’s his only purpose in life, guided by his feelings of inadequacy and the rumbling need to right the wrongs he has long ago committed and will never be fully able to atone for, so eager to strap himself to the pole and beg for punishment when all Pepper wanted was for him to forgive himself. He wanted him to believe he had more to live for than the obligation to make others believe he’s good, because he
Whatever together means now. Whatever this whole thing means.
“It’s cute how you think you aren’t.” Natasha jabs at him, tilting her head mockingly. “But can we please drop the act just for now?”
Tonight, when Steve calls him, all he wants is for Bucky to ramble about Wakanda’s marvelous tech and the shenanigans of the village’s kids, to the his mind out of the spiral of doubt that is trying to sweep Steve off the ground and throw him into the wind, trying to ground himself in the comfort that he has done something good, that Bucky is safe and happy and that’s all Steve needs to worry about.
“That’s actually not a bad idea.” Clint concedes. “Huh. We could have team dinner. Every week a different thing.”
It might never go away.
He will –
” Steve says, very matter-of-factly, and she gives him an exaggerated nod in agreement.
He used to see the weapons his father helped create up close.
” Wanda counters. “It was wrong, and unless I get it under control, I will keep doing it. And somebody’s going to get hurt.
“Initially, we would have to ask permission to enter a country to the panel. The panel would contact the government, and the government would give and answer."
in the air promises a terrible storm to come, soon, to fall upon the world heavy and relentless.
FRIDAY chips in with an agreement, but the conversation is already barreling through her voice, hasty and full of anticipation, all of them too anxious to halt the subject now.
, who’s right and who’s wrong and they will never find the common ground if they never admit they are wrong—
<subject= “unidentified”>
, is what she doesn’t say, but Steve hears the words in her pause anyway. “Tony chased down the Mandarin alone?”
They climb up into the Jet and dodge Tony without thinking twice, barely acknowledging him with quick nods before they sit themselves next to Rogers and Natasha in the command chairs, as if nothing unusual is going on. Tony watches them with a strange sort of helplessness, weirded out by their presence in such a delicate matter; When he can’t help but feel that they’re…
“We’ll be fine.” Tony assures him, with all the honesty he can, because he wouldn’t dare present Rhodey with anything else, not about this. “Next time, we’ll talk.”
“What else would you propose?” Tony prods, irritably. “You know no other place would be strong enough.
It’s awful of Tony, absolutely awful to think that way – but who else would understand that feeling if not Bruce? And Thor – Thor is destined to be a king, surely he could understand the need of reassuring the people and prioritizing them instead of his own power, right? Many kings don’t, historically speaking, but this is
on his
Well. He’s glad Barton is alive. He is. He’s just not sure if he should say it. He doesn’t know how Barton will react if he does.
it would be, and we
When he thinks about it…
“That’s our timeline.” Natasha says sourly, staring at the panel, lips pursing in displeasure and eyes sharp.
“What do you think about this?” Barton asks, capturing Tony’s attention. “I mean – he told you first.”
thing.
“It’s better if they take the hostages away from here.” He suggests instead, restless. “Nebula and Rocket can fly the Jet.”
, but before he can even think about doing it, he stops. This is the kind of joke Steve would do back in the day, teasing Bucky relentlessly with very little care if he would offend him or not, but Steve rarely feels the impulse to do such a thing now. He doesn’t want to sound like he is coddling Bucky or something equally ridiculous as that, but…
“I believe it was because of Mrs. Stark, Ms. Carter. It was not out of greed.”
“What happened to you?” Rhodey interrupts, and
, about this Steve Rogers that’s mellow and shy, that’s vulnerable only when they’re alone, when they trade whispers and secrets and kisses in the dark–
He can’t hear himself
” Sam parrots, getting up in a haste without even thinking about it, adrenaline putting in on edge.
But Steve can’t antagonize her. She’s Bucky primary caretaker now. There’s nothing to gain from being rude to her. She thinks she knows what’s best, he knows it, but she’s young and probably a bit too idealistic, and Steve’s known Bucky his whole life. He can help Bucky.
And she has a point. There is no footage of what Zemo did to Bucky, when he was arrested in Bucharest – no register of the notebook, or the trigger words, or anything else. Only the before,
Pepper’s head immediately turns to the side, towards the glass wall, and she stares at the heavy clouds and the gloomy day with a frown so deep that it looks like it hurts. “What do you mean, it’s day—”
is that that thing is the most powerful artifact in the
if he does, so he just calls his name, and
Free, but held by invisible chains.
And he was.
Because it doesn’t matter anymore, does it?
And this time, he will
She is waiting for him.
it here, it seems like it was just
(His vision, right?)
But what about the things he broke he
(Isn’t that why the world is afraid of us in the first place?)
13-K for Harley Keener.
listen to him this time, they might actually understand what he’s trying to do –, and he once again makes the mistake of looking at Rogers, who is standing there, looking at him, perfectly still, with eyes intense and an earnest face; like he too
“Of course not.” Jarvis backtracks “Why would I be looking into SHIELD files if I knew?”
than any of them would dare to imagine. Tony has no idea how old Thor is, and he wouldn’t dare to ask now, but he is fully aware that Thor has been alive for centuries before any of them, even Rogers, and, if he survives, he will be alive for many centuries to come, long after they are gone.
Can he stop it from happening? Now? After
But for me, at least, it hasn't ended. There is still a Part 2 to go - And this time, Tony will be there. And if half an arch cannot stand, because we only had Steve's feelings being unraveled here, I wonder how it will all hold up when
“It’ll be better for you if you don’t know.”
Ross huffs out a weak laugh and turns to leave, not sparing a single glance back. “Don’t forget we have a meeting tomorrow at noon. You better bring me some good news, Stark.”
“It is very obvious.” Thor replies, with a sharp edge of amusement.
That's not even all of it. There are so many details I couldn't include here because they would never be explored in Steve's POV. Natasha's and T'Challa's condradictory decisions being my main concern, honestly, but not the
Tony’s eyes are on the floor, but he’s not actually looking at it. No. His thoughts are far away – in DC still, or maybe in Titan, who the fuck knows, because he’s all scattered and thrown to the wind like the ashes themselves, blood pressure skyrocketing so dangerously it’s almost comical how his hands tremble where he flexes them frantically by his sides, struggling to keep himself from losing sensation at his fingertips.
do you have a blue robot with you?”
Which is
They’re afraid, they’re
“W— What is that supposed to
No one else knows when Vision started to disappear from the Compound. No one else but Tony. No one else knows that Vision asked for his permission to use the tracker in order to search for Wanda’s energy signatures, no one knows that Vision sometimes was gone for days, maybe an entire week, until he came back, looking more and more like it killed him every time. No one. Just Tony. And Tony had watched while pretending not to, turning his head, very emphatically making it
When he saw the size of the destruction, he had assumed something quick, explosive and violent, like a disaster, a war, a
morning?)
Yes, yes, yes. He cares. God dammit, he cares, he just didn’t know what to do.
, huh, Tony? Even if they didn’t do something so drastic as destroying an airport, if they just helped someone on the street because it was the right thing to do, would they be arrested for it? And if they were, where would they be held?
They’re not ready. They aren’t ready to exist together anymore, they don’t know how to make this team work, and – if they can’t do it, all is lost. All of it.
Nebula’s eyes gleam, hopeful, even when her expression doesn’t shift. “Yes. A door with a red bar on it.”
“Thank you, Vision.” Steve answers, and he means so much more than he could ever say into those simple words.
Thor does too. Tony can see it in his eyes.
He wonders if Hulk does too, in some way.
He has to know if there was a point where he
He doesn’t know why she’d care.
It wasn’t any better.
This whole 'they're together, and now they're not' and the 'she's cool with iron man, and now she's not' mess? This thing that's never properly explained, and it seems to be the main issue that divides people's opinions of Pepper? That's where the secret lies. Even if I can imagine what happened in all those in-betweens we never saw, the barely-there suggestion of the issues between Tony and Pepper in the movies is never openly addressed (properly), and for this mess to be solved, guessing won't be enough. We need something more substantial. Something that will amount to a significant character trait, and, more importantly, something that ties in with canon nicely. Nevermind that this is a SteveTony fic. Understanding Pepper is essential to understanding Tony - to know what he needs, we need to know why he needs Pepper, and every other person he seems to be inevitably drawn towards over and over again.
would be a reason?”
Crap, why are his bots so
to do this alone – I just said I
, his heart beating so fast it sounds like the wings of a hummingbird, anxious and desperate and afraid, trapped inside a cage. “I would never hate him.”
Pepper knows it too. She doesn’t prod, she doesn’t scream, she doesn’t argue – she does, however, let out a sigh of relief when the elevator reaches the main floor and the doors open to reveal the Compound, as quiet and neat as it was before, before all of this, and the normalcy of it is so welcome to her that Tony can feel it beneath his hands, the way she releases the tension in her shoulders like a steel cable finally being relieved of weight.
“We need you to be focused, Nat.” he says, unwilling to let this drop so easily. He keeps his tone calm and low, but his voice is firm, because he can take this lightly and simply turn away. “When we go back on the field. I’m not trying to force you into anything, but I need to know if we should be worried about something you’re not telling us.”
, that he feels
Steve doesn’t hear her.
Whatever unease he feels when he walks into that room, whatever gap he can still feel, wide and ominous, between himself and those on the other side, this is not about
Tony would never do that. He would never lure someone close just to dismantle them, to pick them apart, to keep them for his amusement. Tony would never.
why he is so goddamned afraid of the idea of coming back home.
unable to focus on anything for more than one second, like the madness that afflicted him after a nightmare – flashes of everything and nothing, all at once, images and sounds that couldn’t be explained by words, only by feelings like
So I guess this is it! Very soon, we will be arriving in the year 2008 - and with it, Iron Man 1. Yes, it will still happen. How? I don't know yet. Guess we will both find out very soon.
“A couple months ago. Maybe six or seven.” Clint confesses, in a reassuring tone, giving Wanda a placating look. When he does, Steve suddenly asks himself if Wanda is worried that Clint has asked for the Accords because of
(The Accords are
Tony stutters in a sigh of relief.
something like that? Explain it to me, I’m not following.”
(I don’t want to be alone.)
, had
T’Challa gives him a grin, something that is almost exasperatedly fond, reluctant delight, as a man who knows he’s about to lose and doesn’t care about it all the same.
Princess Shuri takes a deep breath, so carefully it almost doesn’t make a sound, and starts: “I don’t—” then she stops. Tries again. “You won’t like what I have to say, but I will say it anyway.”
Tony almost wants to press her for more details, because
Tony waits. They all do, in complete silence.
She says, in a whisper, after the tears have already stolen almost all of her voice away, that she has been helping whoever she can.
Tony looks at Thor, but he finds an equally pleading stare looking back, both of them standing on fences in the matter of
, but at the same time, I get it. Doesn’t mean I’m not angry, though,
“Boss.” FRIDAY says, careful, so full of sorrow, so human. “I have attempted contact with 13-K four times since Thanos’ attack, twice after your disappearance, and twice after your return. There was no response.”
until this point, he realizes he might actually have a problem.
Because that will mean that the fact they weren’t together was
He goes to Tony’s workshop with the not so false pretense of talking about his uniform, to go over some ideas for a new, stealthier version of his current one, and it unsurprisingly makes Tony talk for nearly hours on end, excited and electric, his leg bouncing up and down in unconscious impatience to start.
“Are you sure?” he insists.
“Could they be looking for something?” Natasha asks, dubiously. “The Stones. Is it possible that they are searching for something specific across the universe? A host?”
“We’re working on it.”
, and
“When did you give the Accords to Scott?” Steve asks, with barely a hint of an accusation in his voice.
(Not the room, that’s not what he misses.)
The trip to the hospital is a lost cause then. They take the only thing they have, heavy hearts and a body count, and retreat back to the Compound to regroup, reorganize, to…
in response to that?
them, we’re trying to
“We have reasons to believe the Winter Soldier was the one sent to eliminate Howard Stark in December 16, 1991, in a mission designed to steal a secret project of his. A project that would’ve changed the world, they believed. Something revolutionary.”
And that’s why he knew the sensible thing to do was to not force his presence of her any more than necessary. It was just one more argument on why leaving the active roster of the team would be such a good idea.
“Why should I, if you and Pepper are going to nag me all day about what I do with Steve?” Tony argues. “I’m not even
“He better.” Rocket mutters.
He tries not to feel offended when they all go suspiciously quiet, thinking his words through, the air feeling extremely uncomfortable.
is on the other side, looking at them like he has just swallowed an entire lemon for no reason, eyes dark and features distorted into a displeased frown.
Past the rage and the panic, past the adrenaline pumping into his veins like a drug, the quivering of his exhausted muscles and his ragged breaths, Tony feels the hot, burning feeling of
The silence in the room is very, very telling of what they all feel when they realize just
“Jealous?” Tony asks, but his voice is disbelieving. It’s fair - Steve
It feels like existing in nothingness.
Chastised like a child, whose parent knows he is doing something wrong but refuses to accept, because he wants to pretend it didn’t happen and let it go. It’s something that it pains him to remember – it feels him with that hot,
“There must be something we can do.” Pepper says, injecting strength into her voice, the words gaining weight and sturdiness upon her, even as they strain her throat, even as they drag themselves heavy out her mouth. “There has to be.”
It seems like we're getting somewhere! But are we? ;)
“They are?”
But at the same time, no one would ever understand the gutting need to feel reassured that they’re being accountable by their actions than Bruce. Than Hulk. God, maybe he’s the only one who could truly understand what Tony felt when Charlie Spencer’s mother cornered him at the basement of MIT, and told him
“I don’t think it’s gonna hold him.” Tony clicks his tongue against his teeth, foot tapping anxiously on the floor. “And with a blast of the Stones he could just punch his way out.”
(If he had known.)
“No, it wouldn’t.” Steve admits, a little bitter. “Either you gave them to him a long time ago, and although he had months to read it through, he still went for it… Or you gave him recently, and he barely read them before he accepted. None of those options would make me feel better.”
.” Barton mutters, voice cracking. “Say whatever you want about me screwing up and leaving them for the Accords, whatever you want about me being arrested and being a fuck up, I
He’d been so naïve.
Tony regains his bearings first, because Nebula’s cold hands keep him grounded. As Pepper wheezes and struggles to regain breath, Tony looks up and finds Nebula’s eyes upon him, hard as steel, and the strength in them, that has not wavered a single inch since she helped him rise from Titan’s soil days ago, helps him finds footing of his own.
“Yeah, I don’t think you realize I
standing in front of one another, much like he and Rogers had, and Nebula’s head is hanging down sorrowfully as the raccoon stares up at her, it’s entire posture alerting aggression.
But I promise: this will be worth it.
There’s a ridiculous moment where he chews with difficulty and wipes his face at the face time, no doubt looking like a complete idiot, if the way Sam is looking at him is any indication. He wonders if there’s an old man joke coming on when Sam finishes his bagel, but it never does.
if you want to?” Clint looks at her, flabbergasted at the idea.
“Yeah. And hey, you know just because we ain’t kids anymore doesn’t mean Barnes can’t kick your ass, right, Stark? In fact, he might kick your ass
, Tony doesn’t really need to know what he’s talking about to
Steve desperately wants to hug him, and he desperately wants to believe Tony’s being sincere when he says they’re alright, but deep down, he
me what color I prefer?”
But the very first one, Bucky, told me all I needed to know. When Bucky vanishes, his ashes fall to the floor and don't disappear. They stay there. Which means his ashes, as well as everybody else's, can be dispersed through the air and become one of the biggest problems for the remaining population of the Earth.
“The Norns showed me the Stones would come together in a single object – a gauntlet, formed by a giant nebula.”
The others groan loudly and make several gagging noises, amused, but Tony’s ears are ringing with shock, his stomach dropping so suddenly he almost feels like his entire body is about to collapse with how strongly his knees jerk mid-stride.
“Vision did give us important information.” Bruce offers, both as consolation and an enthusiastic reminder. “We know how to make a Gauntlet.”
(He understands.)
, even though Thor was clearly caught off guard at finding Tony bawling his eyes out in the poorly lit, falsely secure comfort of his workshop, and Pepper had clearly said, with every letter, that she’d—
And Steve can’t blame her. She wants reassurance.
anything that was reversed. Assuming Thanos would be the only thing in existence not reversing, he would know time went backwards, but we wouldn’t.”
He will never tell a soul, but in these nights, he feels like his age. The literal one hundred years everyone likes to mock him for, like his soul is far too old for his body, and the ache and the exhaustion he feels doesn’t come from sore muscles or cuts and bruises, but directly from his bones, down to the marrow and the blood, moving sluggishly inside his veins and across his body. Beaten down and weary.
He has to
, I just think we can’t have the entire Sovereign on our asses right now! Wait a minute – Do we have enough fuel to get to the Sovereign?”
“Sorry, who?”
There are more. The entire A section was Avengers Business, and Peter’s armor had been one of many in Tony’s list; But there’s the personal line too, the one with Peter’s internship, his college aid, and so much more. Tony knows all their names by heart. Again, overbearing, maybe, but that’s why he had the protocol. So he won’t do it without thinking about it. He wrote it down, and that has to be enough until it’s necessary to use them,
“Does that mean we don’t need to have it?”
“Aren’t you all forgetting something?”
“What options!?” Tony raises his shoulders in questioning, feeling defensive, like he always does, because he's had this argument with her so many times that he can already predict what she's going to say.
“We’re beyond dangerous now.” Tony laughs, wry. “Whatever we do, it’s not gonna be more dangerous than six Infinity Stones, no matter how hard we try – but we have the tech. And we can go even further: Ultron and Vision for the Mind Stone, the Reactor for the Tesseract, maybe Lang can bring us something to help with the Reality Stone too – if they somehow left a paper trail, we have to find it. Maybe we can use the Stones against themselves.”
He still can’t make Tony smile like Rhodes can. He’s still figuring it out, he still has so much to learn about Tony that Rhodes simply
That’s why he’s rushing. So much, actually, that even though the camera panels are
“I’ll fix her.” Tony eagerly offers. “That armor is the best thing I have to keep you safe on the field. I won’t have time to make another one from scratch, but repair and upgrade is easy – she’ll be as good as new.”
“And Thanos?”
, technically, he can do what he likes as long he’s not breaking the law; But how is inviting five strangers to live inside his home something Tony Stark can just
He doesn’t want to be the only one left after everything he’s ever loved is gone. God, that is his
“You didn’t
He had the
” Natasha says like it’s a terrible thing, like Steve has a
(Too quiet.)
, and she was a widow, and who knows where all of her friends and co-workers could possibly be in the middle of this mess. She was alone. And that was Tony’s fault – how could he leave her alone in her apartment? He
Tony immediately knows the hospital is full. He can’t see anyone besides Nebula, but he
the way his hands shake as he raises them to pet his stupid creations, the metal cool and covered in a sheen layer of dust when he touches it, particles so thin they are as soft as baby powder, and Tony rubs it between his fingers, confusedly.
They are a perfect match. Steve should be happy for them.
His armor will have to be improved.
“Alright, quiet, before you make you fearless leader die of embarrassment.” Tony says, before Steve can say anything else – Tony can already hear him sucking in a long, hard breath, which means that whatever follows would
“How is Rhodes?” he asks, and they all stop breathing for a moment, caught off guard by the vulnerability in Sam’s words. “Is he alright?”
(You took the truth from me once, don’t you dare hide it again!)
And when Tony looks back from the little circle of MIT alumni to look at Steve, mid-laugh, sharply dressed and beautiful as always, smile lines around his eyes, the love Steve feels is all
to convince her to come back with him, at least, so she wouldn’t be
Her easy reply makes him feel vulnerable, soft. “You didn’t have any trouble?”
(The air—)
“If you’re using his tech, how can he not know where you are?” Steve breathes.
He’s sick of Tony acting as if he has all the answers and Steve is too damn stupid to understand them. And Steve is
He’s sorry.
And it was all it took. He found their weak spot and aimed at it, and everything else around it crumbled. A house of cards, tumbling at the slightest pressure. Steve and Tony, they both had held on to their own so fast and so tight they didn’t even try to reach out for each other. A road to hell, paved with good intentions. Paved with self-righteousness, with the unwillingness to give, with a
“What about your people?” Tony asks, because he has to. He has to ask.
Peggy understands his reasons, his need to keep the Captain America dream alive, and she might even begrudgingly admit she admires his sharp focus on his objective, when so many others have already quit. But she’s tired, so tired; and her heart still aches too much when she thinks about Steve Rogers, brave and kind and so selfless, and life has not stopped even though the world has lost one of its best. They must keep going. Steve wouldn’t have wanted them to be stuck in the past because of him.
Wong looks at him, face impassive, but at the sight of Rogers’ pinched brows and honest eyes, Wong gives him a tight, almost imperceptible smile and a small, agreeing huff; An enormous concession, considering how stoic he always is, and he walks up to the back of the room in quick strides, purposeful and knowing, and they all watch as he grabs a book with a shiny, circular design in its cover, decorated with what seems to be something that emits a faint glow right at the center, removing it from where it’s stuck to the shelf with a
about Ross?”
Steve makes a pause, wondering if there’s any way he can explain himself without sounding like a total control-freak.
So many things he should’ve done, to stop his best friend from falling to his death.
He can’t see people.
The touch of his lips tastes like mead. It’s soft, and hot, and a little
“Can we do that?” Lang asks, shocked and earnest in equal measure.
“Please be careful, Jarvis.” She tells him by the door, the same way Howard had done to her. “No one can know.”
(Half-truths, lies by omission.)
Tony hides in the workshop. It’s a tried-and-true method, familiar and comforting, and might be the only thing stopping Tony from doing something he will regret, like confronting Steve about why he’s so uncomfortable at the mere idea of kissing Tony. Steve is not homophobic, Tony knows, because he’s in a team with Natasha, Thor, and
“Are you sure about that?”
and completely refuse to bend to their rules. Steve might have been known as Captain America, but America is not the one who holds his loyalty.
, the low, mellow sadness in his eyes, the tense pull of his neck, the pout in his lips as he grinds his teeth and holds back words or tears or whatever it is he’s trying so hard to conceal. He has never looked so distressingly human before.
not to think about said tights.
known that, despite what happened between them during the fall of the Helicarriers and the battered state in which Steve had returned, he’d do
They sit in silence, for a while. But no time in the world will be enough for Steve to steel himself for the conversation that sure is to follow.
Pets robots. Doesn’t know how to speak with his own teammates.
They most definitely are.” Tony growls.
ask that. You know why? Because
They argue about this all the time, and Tony should know better,
believe it wouldn’t come. He feared it wouldn’t, but he just couldn’t stop
This one has no cars, no art pieces, and no SI blueprints and schematics – this workshop had been designed with the Avengers in mind, to supply the Compound with whatever tech necessary Tony could provide. Of course, the lower floors had an R&D department, probably the labs Pepper would guide the agents downstairs to, when she… when she had time. While she helped Agents Carter and Ross. But this, this workshop – This is
<message log #3048 / active>
Sam wipes off the powdered sugar from his fingers, inclining forward in his chair so he can participate in the conversation. “Your hair is already longer than it ever was. How long has it been since you last cut it? Four months? Five?”
(Don’t give the secrets of your armor to the alien android, are you
But for some reason, it’s not.
“Did the big guy…?” Rocket asks Thor, concerned, and Thor only shakes his head. It’s
Tony will suffer for that later. That sure is going to be a lot of fun.
“You think I’m
, it’s
in knowing the details about this arrangement with T’Challa and Bucky. “I didn’t think you would leave him anywhere, and that thing about how
.” Sam practically babbles, rubbing his head with his hand exasperatedly. “What were you
that he does, because he knows better than to do so. He knows any pleas he might have will fall onto deaf ears. He has learned this ten years ago. And just as he did ten years ago, he will cling to the only presence he has by his side, he will keep himself grounded on the touch and on the words, even as the darkness of a cave or the vast quietness of space try to suffocate him, because he needs to remind himself that he is not alone. That although the body beside him is not human, it is living and breathing, it is an ally, and it is
All this time, all those months thinking about that question, and Steve doesn’t have an answer. He doesn’t have an answer and
Tony’s lips feel so dry it’s like he hasn’t spoken in ages. He tries to open his mouth to say the words, to
He feels like
Whatever miserable comfort that might be.
“No.”
, after all she as gone through to save him.
“How many?” Tony snaps, impatiently. “How many made it out?”
“And that’s a long time?” He presses.
The thought still makes Tony’s blood boil with red-hot rage.
The last time Rhodey ran towards him like that, Tony had been on his knees in the sand, chest open and body exhausted and dehydrated, a hand raised into the air, and a laugh escaping his lips like pieces of glass stuck in his teeth, cracked and broken and bleeding and sharp.
“A Dyson Sphere.”, he steps closer, and his voice is full of shock and awe. “You’re talking about a
of it with the four of them, and as soon as they were assumed to be a part of the so-called
“Alright.” Rhodey exhales. “Mind Stone, then. Who got the Mind Stone?”
Kinda like a
, he doesn’t want to talk about it, and she should just drop it.
“They have before.” He tells her with unnecessary mockery, as if she could have possibly any fault or even the slightest idea of why this entire debacle bothers Tony so much. “Wouldn’t be the first time.”
He doesn’t know how Natasha deals with her own demons, because Steve is sure she has more than a few, but she is obviously better than him at compartmentalizing; because out of the two of them, Steve is the only one who seems about to explode. He is the one who seems to be
They seem almost naïve, now.
He just can’t understand why Tony would make the choice to
But at the end of the day, it’s still Tony’s voice that follows him into his nightmares, and no one suspects a thing.
So no one can see him.
(No.)
, she told him.
a little, even if it’s just a little, at least right now, because they’re trying to
“And what do you want us to do?” Natasha asks, almost in an accusation, sounding hurt; And Tony doesn’t know if she’s trying to pick a fight or not, but suddenly, Tony’s rage just disappears in a thin wisp of breath, dissolving into nothingness like the ashes did, and his shoulders drop, and the entire weight of the world falls upon him in a second.
(Together.)
“I get it. You don’t wanna lose it. Leading the team means a lot to you.”
, and Steve wishes this wasn’t so
Tony had had the complete opposite reaction.
He feels disappointment and frustration and impatience, bubbling like lava inside a waking volcano, but he keeps silent; he glares at the wall and huffs, but he won’t throw a tantrum like a child, because it would be ridiculous.
“No.” Natasha easily replies. “That’s how Tony
And then he realized—
There’s a manic anxiety inside Tony’s chest now, the same rush of adrenaline he gets after throwing himself off a high place but before the suit can catch him; the uncertainty of free fall, and he needs to be caught before he reaches the ground.
seen Natasha look as disheveled or as concerned as she looks right now, and he can’t help but wonder if he has finally lost his mind and he just hasn’t figured it out yet.
to make them
– he has to ask, because that can’t
Tony has no doubts she was scared.
, so, so tired – There is nothing he can do now.
. He doesn’t want her to feel as he did. He doesn’t want her to not be able to sleep, not be able to rest, not be able to
and Steve doesn’t
with it? No one thought for one second that I might not be right in this? Putting ourselves on the line again for the smallest chance of victory in the entire universe – Lang is leaving his
Get out.
ok? In that moment, Tony was a liar. He lied about Ultron, about his intentions with the scepter, and he had put them all in danger. And Clint, the last person Steve had expected to hide such a big secret, always the first one to jump at the opportunity to fight as a team… hiding such an important part of his life from them. Steve trues to tell himself he understands, he truly does, but that doesn’t stop the irrational feeling of betrayal that consumes his heart.
?” Tony snaps back, voice rising, aggravation flaring so quickly it’s like gasoline to flame. “Like you didn’t call me a
It tastes like ash inside his mouth.
So he’s not gonna change much. Unsurprisingly, the structure around his waist is gonna stay – it allows movement without losing protection, and let’s be honest, it makes Cap’s figure look
And it’s
In the end, he doesn’t. No one questions his decision.
“Yeah. Sure.”
at this day and age, Tony.”
If he had the time, he’d go after Wong himself. He’d go to Wakanda himself.
“Huh. Yeah.” Tony coughs, awkwardly, before taking a sip of his
“But if you’d feel better if we left. If we stayed somewhere else…” Rogers finishes in a mutter. “We wouldn’t mind.”
” Pepper screams back, ragged and distraught, her voice cracking over the speakers after a gasp so deep it sounded like it hurt. Tony can hear her close to the mouthpiece, her hitched breaths, her
“Excuse me.”, he seethes, feeling unreasonably offended.
“I can help you.” She says to Bucky, excitedly, but in a very soft way. As if she was talking to a puppy, really. “With your arm, and with your mind.”
them.”
“Bring back the board, please, FRIDAY.” Bruce asks, with all the politeness he reserves for his more serious, objective persona. “Thank you. Scott, how familiar are you with… chemistry, or astrophysics?”
was the one who designed it, and Tony actually feels a little bad if he would just make something entirely new from scratch and erase all of Agent’s ideas, that he so obviously added with such enthusiasm.
He’s fucking appalled.
And Tony really thought he’d gotten over being petty about secrecy.
“You could have decided on a plan during the travel.” Rocket points out, like it’s completely factual, and the despite this being the only thing he says with absolutely no sarcasm or derision whatsoever, it is the thing that makes Tony bristle like an angry cat the most. “You blamed them for actin’ with no plan, but you didn’t have one either, did you.”
Nothing else can hurt so bad. Nothing else would be so cruel.
The last person inside the Quinjet steps out, like he’s walking into his
argument and Barton almost decked him in the face.
“Is everything alright?” Thor asks him, in a gentle tone, when he finds Tony drumming his fingers around a cup of coffee in the dim kitchen at almost midnight.
, and they couldn’t do it. Is there such a thing as being so different that they seem alike? Steve doesn’t think they are similar, that’s why it’s so difficult, that’s why is hurts so bad. Because Tony is a damn mystery and Steve has tried to understand him, but he never managed it, and
of you think that’s
the same.
“Years, if you’re lucky.” Nebula says with no tact at all, all hard facts and steel will, her hands balling into fists, shaking in her lap. “And no. You shouldn’t.”
And then he sees her. And he relaxes.
“There’s a forge, in a place not many know that exists. It was the home of the Dwarves, the mightiest blacksmiths of all Nine Realms. Eitri, the Dwarf King, said Thanos forced him to make the Gauntlet in exchange for the life of his people.”
, afraid something would happen as she did, that she would be gone even before she realized it.
It was just… That had just been Tony, being paranoid and overprotective.
“Schmidt found the Tesseract in Norway in 1942.” Rogers says, his arms crossed, his brow furrowed in concentration. “He and Zola used the power in it to make weapons to HYDRA.”
breathtaking, and now Steve is actually
He knows that soon enough, there will be an announcement that is going to change everything. He can feel it in his gut, and he’s just waiting for it to happen. Scott’s case might change their plans entirely, might pave a way for them to go back – or ensure that they will never see the compound or be
(He shouldn’t—)
(He knows what if feels like now)
“I’m just saying.” Bruce says, a little softer. “I’m not sure how much I would trust whatever Wanda Maximoff put in our heads.”
“What?” Clint splutters, almost choking around the last gulp of water he was taking, laying his glass on top of the kitchen counter before heading to bed.
And he keeps going. Keeps going because he’s
“He could have killed me, but he didn’t. So he didn’t need to hurt her. All he had to do was to hurt me.” She mumbles. “She was always his favorite.”
It’s possible that Rogers and the others have been discussing this for days, and now that Tony’s here, they want him to choose. They’re waiting to see what he thinks, to know which side he’ll pick. It’s not— It’s not that Pepper’s opinion doesn’t matter, or that he knows better, because he knows he doesn’t, it’s just that this is what always happens; They reach an impasse, they hit a road-block, and they all argue about it until enough of them give in to the most supported solution. They have all laid their arguments, but no one has been able to convince the others to change their mind.
, because there’s no way he can say
wants to hide is not even in sight.
, it says.
“What
Steve does not regret saving Bucky.
Rocket clicks his tongue, displeased. “There’s that too.”
It’s the fizzling sound that makes him turn. Tony knows that sound. He looks over his shoulder, confused, and for a moment, he thinks he sees a flick of red bursting into existence out of nowhere in the air and he frowns deeply, his entire face scrunching up in bewilderment—
“I would have asked Banner.” Thor says, gently. “If I didn’t know it should be you.”
(He’s been doing that a lot.)
“Vision said she has been practicing.” He comments quietly, his tone losing all of its aggressive inflection, his gaze lowering in a pitiful attempt to show he’s feeling ridiculous for his brief loss of control.
The others look troubled, trading glances, and Tony understands their hesitation and is furious and is saddened by it at the same time, all at once, and he can’t find a way to properly express it without sounding like a maniac, so he
it in the marrow of his bones, in the corner of his brain that will collect and replay all the memories of his failures, old and new, over and over again every single day; He
She still is. He can hear it.
For Thanos’ fault, or the ashes fault, or Steve’s own fault – he doesn’t even know, but there are so many reasons why Tony could refuse to see him and Steve can’t handle it. Not now, not after he has lost so much. Not after thinking he’d lost Tony only to find out he didn’t. He would never deny Tony his right of telling Steve to leave – not now, at least. Not anymore. He knows better. If Tony tells him to leave, he will, even if he has to do it alone, and leave the others to stay at the Compound while he finds some other place to stay while he… While he figures out how he’s supposed to act next. He would, if Tony asked him to.
, and his voice is raspy and smoky and grating, and it sounds distressed and pissed off and so, so sad. “Nebula. Where are they?”
He scoots back, and lays on the pillows, just so he can rest a little, and while he waits, he doesn’t realize he’s falling asleep before it’s too late.
Any chance. Any chance he can get – it’s good enough for him.
take this opportunity to have fun at Steve’s expense?
They’re here to
It is what it is. He supposes he should be glad he has already gotten this particular fight with Natasha out of the way, because how could he jump back from
Christ. The
” Tony presses. “When did you last see the sun?”
– because Tony has spent the last entire decade forcing himself to
He— He really wants to believe he wouldn’t have.
him is totally different.”
. It’s almost unfair, to call Ultron odd, and not call Vision the same.
How else will he get out of here? He has no other choice.
to see other ways you can support me or request something!
(But it’s complicated.)
But he goes.
Steve didn’t apologize.
(He promised.)
Pepper looks up, into the sky, and only the gray – the
. Every day that goes by with the phone in his pocket completely silent is another shot through his heart he can’t fucking heal from. Every time he turns on a TV or a radio and he hears about conflicts he could be helping people solve, but instead he is
who has been almost completely silent up until now, turns her gaze to him with sharp, cutting precision, as if she could
It’s not about who hurt the other more. It’s just a matter that they
“I’m sorry, Boss.” FRIDAY says. “No reply.”
Tony turns, and looks at him. Eyes wide, mouth parted, shoulders hunched defensively.
“I won’t be able to help you in this mission, Captain. It is beyond my resources, and my morals, to do such a thing.” T’Challa says after a while, almost regretfully.
over his shoulder, trusting Thor will be able to hold back the civilians long enough just so Tony can relay the information about the hostages to Cap, because – because he needs to
of that willingness, any of that
, to keep a ring for a woman specifically, a woman he hadn’t even been dating, that’s not – the
