“Somebody pass me my water,” Tony said irritably, although he was smiling too. Bucky, who was next in line to spar with Natasha, walked up to him and handed him his water bottle.
“I did,” Steve interrupted. “I still do. I told you, I’m…better when I’m standing next to you too,” he added, but somehow it made him look even more broken.
Bucky picked up the glass in his prosthetic hand, lifted his head back and drained it slowly, savoring it.
Steve turned towards him and pressed a kiss to his cheek. "Gotta find a way to take this armor off you faster."
“You never thought you’d win? Well, you did, Steve,” Tony snapped, “so why don’t you just be happy about it?” He knew he shouldn't be arguing with Steve when he was in this state.
He saw her nod from across the room. She looked at Red Skull and came to rest on the floor in front of him. "We don't have to fear you anymore." With a strand of magic, she lifted the Time Stone. "Time caught up with you at last."
“As long as I don’t have to kiss the bastard,” Tony said with a smirk, and then wrinkled his nose in mock disgust. “I mean, have you seen him?”
Sreve raised his eyebrows and breathed out, as if letting a huge weight off his shoulders. "I know."
Bucky’s eyes widened. He lifted Miles up in his arms and spun him around. “Me and you are going to have a lot of fun. I can tell you all sorts of embarrassing stuff about your dad. So this one time, when we were kids, Steve and I were getting pizza, right, and—”
He ripped the IV from his hand and staggered to his feet, almost doubling over in pain. The Iron Man armor crashed through the wall and he was in it in a second, the faceplate snapping down and repulsors flaring as he flew out of the hole in the hospital wall.
Tony thought and rubbed his face in his hands, trying to shake the thought away, but it was so horrible he didn’t think he could focus on anything else.
“Let’s get you to bed,” he interrupted, getting to his feet and pulling Steve up after him. But Steve stopped him, a hand on his arm.
“You were right, Steve,” Sam said, a hand on his shoulder. “Civilians were getting hurt. That’s not what any of us wanted when we started this.”
Footsteps made him glance up, and Wanda inhaled sharply at the sight of his dark circles and sunken eyes.
“I’m okay,” Steve reassured them, standing unsteadily. “Let’s go.” He started towards the door, bracing himself against the wall, looking like he was seconds from blacking out.
When they turned they saw all their friends in the living room. Discarded armor was strewn on the furniture. Miles was on Sam’s shoulder waving. Thor, completely unsurprised, raised his cup of coffee in a toast and beamed at them.
After going back and forth and back and forth on whether or not to do it, Tony finally sent Rhodey a text. It read, "
“Or maybe you’ll learn how to swing between buildings like Peter,” Jan added. “That’s a lot like flying too!”
“But then I met you,” Steve whispered. “Sam, Nat. I got Bucky back again…” he let out a bitter laugh. “I guess
Tony let out a laugh. “Then you have lots of time to play in the lab with me. Come on. You too, Cap. Let’s see how good you are on my turf.”
“I’m sure you are, big guy,” Jan said in Hulk’s direction as she shrank back to Wasp-size. “Okay, I’m on it.”
"Seems like a good place to lay low," Steve mused. "Haven't been able to locate him until now, and we've been looking. Reduced Avengers presence in the area too after what happened to SHIELD, I'd guess."
They kissed, they kissed, they kissed, and they rolled over each other and almost rolled off the bed, only barely avoiding it as Tony laughed stupidly against Steve's neck.
Then, out of the corner of his eye, he saw a black car escorted by armored government vehicles. They stopped in front of the steps. Time slowed down and Tony’s blood ran cold as Steve got out of the car and started up towards the building. Then everything snapped into overdrive.
When they came inside, arms still around each other, Sam was smiling and shaking his head. “Well done man.” He came over to hug Steve, Natasha following right behind him with a small smirk on her lips, wrapping her arms around Tony. Miles climbed onto Tony’s shoulders as Bucky raised his eyebrow at Steve and elbowed a very satisfied looking Rhodey in the ribs before they squeezed into the group hug, Carol and Thor right behind them.
“I know he’ll take really good care of you,” Pepper murmured. Tony knew she was thinking about everything that had come between them that had eventually led to them breaking up, including Tony’s recklessness and his tendency to get beaten up by supervillains.
"About that," Tony added, "Helen's been sending me stronger antidotes as she develops them. The latest should reverse the effects of the poison entirely if injected within an hour. I swear that woman works magic. Y'know, sciencey magic."
When he came to Steve’s room that night, he was asleep. Natasha was there, sitting beside the bed. She looked up when she saw him.
Tony looked around at the destruction. Most of the building was still intact after the battle for all the damage.
“Well, you’re both so busy, being on the Avengers and saving New York from threats, and you Mr. Stark, everything you do at Stark Industries…but your friendship—“ Karen blushed a bit. “I mean your relationship, is what most people believe is the core of what makes the Avengers work. What I’m trying to say is, how do you juggle all of that? What is the key to making your relationship, your marriage, work?”
“It’s okay,” Steve whispered with a bit of a laugh, closing his arm around Tony’s shoulders. “Sorry I was gone so long today. Fury needed me.”
“Karen Page,” Steve replied. “Despite the backlash following news of the Tony Stark and Steve Rogers’ marriage, many people across the United States are celebrating the relationship between the two Avengers.” Jan elbowed him, smiling, from where she was balanced on the back of the couch, braiding Bucky’s hair. Steve smiled at her and then continued reading. “In a world where homophobia is still a very real and present threat, the visibility of two beloved superheroes brings comfort to those struggling to find acceptance for their identities. Hate crimes are still a danger for LGBTQ Americans, but many are saying that the recent marriage of Tony Stark and Steve Rogers makes them they feel safer and more confident. I interviewed one young woman from Brooklyn who explained that, although she wants to remain nameless in this article, she feels protected by the knowledge that people who hate her and her identity now know that they have the Avengers to contend with if they choose to act on their hatred.”
He sent a blast of energy up at Steve but Steve rolled out of the way and then slammed him back down. Tony’s suit sparked and crackled. POWER LOW.
Sure enough, Steve was punching the heavy bag so hard it was a wonder it was still hanging. He stopped as Tony entered the room and stood breathing heavily.
Red Skull laughed quietly. "You may think you've won, but there are more like me. Cut off one head and many more replace it. We will bring order to a chaotic world."
Tony mimed zipping his lips. They sat together in silence, looking over the city, and Tony wondered how bad it would be if he allowed himself to feel a little hope just this once.
“Let’s face it, you guys are maaaaaaarriiiiieed,” Clint sang as he followed after Natasha, Sam and Thor.
“That’s only if you get turned down by the agency,” Sam offered. “You’re Captain America, man. I think that should go a long way.”
“It would be cute if it wasn’t for the fact that I know you, and I know you’d rather pine over him for the rest of your life than tell him how you really feel.”
“Why is this funny?” Tony asked. “I could get stuck with this lie for the rest of my life. I mean, yeah, he’s easy on the eyes, I could get used to being fake married to him. Hey babe.” Tony moved over as Steve joined him on the couch.
It turned out Steve was every bit as bossy in bed as he was outside of it. When they'd made it back into bed he had wrapped his legs tight around Tony's waist, leaned close to his ear, his voice rough, and said, "
There was no need to say anything as they waited to see whether their mistakes would cost Steve his life.
Wanda smiled slightly. “Neither did I. But I had to do it, so…I did it.” She looked down at her hands.
“Can I just say, it is so great that you adopted Miles, I feel like he’s going to be the little brother I never had!” Peter gushed, the eyes on his mask widening. “And you guys have always been the mom and dad of the Avengers. And now you’re married—”
There's a scene in this chapter where Tony isn't present that's just between Steve and Sam, and I thought it might interrupt the flow of the story to shift points of view, but I liked it so I kept it :)
He zoomed up past the skyrises until he could see the city spread out below him, and then flew in the direction of the court house, ignoring the throbbing pain in his bruised limbs. It was grey and oppressively hot for the end of summer, and up here he should’ve been pleasantly cool, but he was sweating like mad.
"I'm piloting," Wanda added. "Taking over for Sam. You get in the back with Steve and make out like high schoolers."
Red Skull lunged at her, and Natasha yanked him back. Bucky nudged him roughly with his gun. "Make another move and I shoot you. You tried to kill my best friend."
Steve sighed, letting out another little laugh as he laid his head down. “I missed you, Tony,” he said suddenly, his hand still holding Tony’s over his chest.
When Steve woke up he lay silently for a while, and finally turned over to look at Tony, who was still crumpled by the side of his bed. Tony thought he looked even angrier than he had before. He got up weakly to sit on the side of the bed, and the silence dragged on until he turned to face Tony.
“Just because you’re a supersoldier doesn’t mean you shouldn’t take care of yourself. There. Save the world in the morning. Sleep now.” Tony looked up into Steve’s eyes. “Deal?”
Carol was there. When had Carol-- Tony was beyond grateful for the hand she placed on his shoulder in silent comfort.
? Something that could tear us apart, people who have known each other for years, people who—who care about each other—Steve,
It was like on the steps of the courthouse, only this time, he couldn’t hide behind his armor. Steve sank against him, wrapping an arm around his shoulders and putting all his weight on him. Tony adjusted his hand on Steve’s waist. It was a lot all at once, Steve warm and heavy in his arms—the last time he had been this close to Steve had been the battlefield. After everything that happened between them, their friendship was so damaged, maybe irreparably, but Tony held on to Steve as if he could somehow salvage some last piece of trust between them, even if it would break his own heart in the process.
Steve’s face was still pale. He was struggling to keep his eyes open, and as they came into the room, he laid his head back on the pillows. Sam and Bucky were at his side right away. Bucky put a hand on his shoulder, gripping it gently. Steve opened his eyes and looked up at them and Bucky whispered, “Don’t you ever do that again.”
behind the carefully schooled expression on his face and Tony realized it was scared. Of course he was scared. He was scared of the possibility that Tony would say, no, I don't believe you, I don't trust that you could love me after what you've done.
“I have,” Steve whispered, holding onto Tony’s hand. “God, I never even listened, not even at the beginning. You wanted to talk about accountability, and I didn’t realize that I was—” He let out a breath as he collapsed on the couch again. “I was—”
Steve kept walking, heading back to his room. It was late. “It’s not your fault Red Skull is still out there. He was mine to kill, and I failed.” He pushed the door open and turned to look at Tony, his expression guarded. “After everyone who’s died, why couldn’t Red Skull be another one on the list? Why couldn’t he just stay in the past where he belongs?”
"Not so fast, Captain," Red Skull mocked, lifting his hand where the Stone glowed on his finger. "I'm stronger than when last we fought."
“Look, the first time me and Carol kissed, it just kind of happened. It was the right moment. You never know. It was…one of those moments when you think you might not see someone again. I think that made us both a little braver.”
Tony felt those words like a punch, though not an altogether unpleasant one. It felt good to be needed. It felt so good he almost didn't want that drink. No, it felt so good he almost felt like he'd already
“That,” he said, pointing at her, “is a good question.” If Pepper knew he was sleeping in a chair every night by Steve’s bed, she would…it was better that she didn’t know.
“Look, if nothing else, you could never hurt your friendship by telling him. He cares about you enough to raise a child with you.”
The silence that followed was the heaviest and tensest moment between them, Tony could almost not bear it, waiting, hoping for what Steve would say, that when it came, Steve’s soft--“I’m so sorry”--Tony felt like crying. It was heavy to feel it, the knowledge that you hadn't been a good man, that you had failed, and Steve, fucking
The government got the body, of course. Government property, the serum, whatever. But they couldn’t really stop Tony from seeing him.
"It was that or look into the bottom of a glass, so, you know. I mean Bucky took all my booze but I would go looking."
“Thank you, for everything,” he replied. “But I have to go.” He stumbled and Tony rushed to his side, holding him up by the waist, all 200 pounds of supersoldier. Sam was there a moment later just to make sure Tony got him.
Tony looked down and grinned. “Pretty weird, huh? I guess a stick-in-the-mud like you is a good influence.”
“Okay, is this marriage fake or not?” Fury asked over the loud speaker. “And can you sort it out somewhere that is not my Helicarrier?”
“My friend told me once that his mom and dad sleep in different rooms because they’re getting a divorce. Are you getting a divorce?” Miles eyes were bright with worry.
“There are no monsters in the closet or under the bed,” Tony concluded, bending down to plant a kiss on Miles’ forehead. “Night, buddy. I love you.”
The color bled from Steve’s face, his lips tightening in anger. “What are you saying, that I’ve failed—”
Natasha lifted him off her shoulders and put him down. “Because I’ll be able to find you anyway.” She tickled him until he squirmed and shrieked and hopped into Steve’s lap.
Pepper put her hand on the side of his face. “You should go get some rest. Not just because there’s a hot supersoldier waiting in bed for you. Although that’s a good reason.”
Tony squeezed the sides of Steve's waist, rubbing his thumb up over the skin that showed below the hem of his shirt. "You really think you're bad at this? I really shouldn't go into my list of exes right now, but trust me, you're not."
Tony quickly put his hand on Wanda’s shoulder. “No, no. He could never—he’s going to be here any second,” he said with a smile. “You know how he is.”
Helen refused his money and Tony was almost insulted. He didn’t think she knew how badly he owed her. He donated a few million dollars to her company anonymously, but that only took the edge off.
They saved the world countless times, and each time Steve was by his side. Sometimes he thought just being around Steve was enough, teasing him, making him laugh, even flirting a little when he could get away with it, and that he could still keep his secret. But that was all before Miles.
Steve bit his lip. He got up and walked into the kitchen with Tony following on his heels. “Look, it’s fine. He never has to find out. We’ll just—”
They had stopped in front of Tony's door. Steve looked down. "Look, Tony..." He looked suddenly nervous and tense in just the same way he had on the day of their last mission—and first kiss.
Steve glanced up. "It's what we talked about earlier. I never said I loved you. I do. I love you." He looked into Tony's eyes. "I need you to know. I've kept it to myself for so long, I thought, I thought I might never have the chance to--"
Miles shook his head and jumped up and down. “No! I’m excited! I’m going to make new friends, and play with them, and Dad, Pops, can I invite them over to the tower? Please? We wouldn’t be loud, or make a mess, or—”
Tony nearly had a heart attack, jumping out of his chair. Helen Cho stood in the doorway to the hospital room.
“I know it’s just a rumor, and I don’t know how this is happening, but you’re actually getting good publicity right now.”
That’s why Tony was surprised one morning when he woke up late and found that Steve was still lying next to him, looking exhausted.
They drank coffee at the kitchen table together, watching Clint show Miles how to make arrows. Bucky walked over and stood directly in front of him, arms folded.
Natasha sat quietly at the foot of the bed. “Hey Steve,” she murmured. Steve sat up a bit as he looked at her, and then his eyes flickered up to Tony in the doorway. Tony swallowed hard and walked mechanically to the chair on the other side of the bed, barely able to stop trembling.
“You’d be surprised,” Natasha said, with the hint of a sad smile. “Ever since…” she motioned to the door, “this happened, it looks like it’s going to be hard for the government to press charges. They don’t want any more violence, and if Captain America becomes a martyr there’s going to be no end.”
Tony raised his eyebrows. “What can I say, kid. You got some talent. I think we’re going to need at least five more.”
Tony heard the footsteps of more men coming as they entered the room. He held back, covering the exit. They were about to be surrounded, because sure enough they had found the man they were looking for.
“Miles?” Steve said, looking up in the kid’s direction even though he couldn’t see him. Tony saw the boy’s face turn to look at Steve.
“It’s not that funny,” Tony said, but laughs were still shaking Steve’s body. “Don’t laugh too hard, you asthmatic wreck.”
“Yep, I was just finishing up everything with the adoption agency.” Tony gave Steve a thumbs-up and Steve smiled warmly at him, making Tony blush a little.
Tony rubbed his face. “Yeah, he does, and we need to make sure whoever takes care of him can actually help him. For whatever reason, he has these powers and—”
“Get your own bed, Rogers,” Tony mumbled. But Steve’s head had already nodded down. Tony could barely see the outline of his face in the darkness. Just a little bit of light shone in from the window. Tony let out a quiet laugh and pulled the blankets up over Steve.
“You’ll be back there in no time,” Sam said, elbowing him in the stomach. “Hey, what about that run? I think it’s overdue.”
“It looks like he’s just hanging onto the surface. I don’t think invisibility is his only deal.” Tony opened his faceplate, rubbing his chin as he looked over at Sam. “Hey Sam, I got an idea. Gimme your goggles.”
Sam nodded. “If you’ll still have him.” He paused. “This isn’t over, is it. The SRA is going to pass or it isn’t, but this isn’t over yet. I’m here to talk when you’re ready.”
Steve charged at him and Tony raised his repulsors. Steve moved quickly out of the way, pushing him to the ground. Tony rolled out of the way and Steve’s fist struck the floor where he had lain.
The wave of frenzied energy he usually got after an all-nighter hit halfway through the debriefing with Fury. Steve and the rest of the Avengers returned, tired, dirty and a little bloody, but all in one piece. Tony’s heart raced as Steve turned towards him in the doorway, but Steve averted his eyes and began answering Fury’s questions.
“I mean, I know,” Peter replied, throwing his arms around both of their shoulders. “You guys still act married though.” Tony brushed a hand over his forehead. “I’m just so excited to be an older brother. I never thought of myself as a role model before--”
Eve’s mouth curved into a small smile and she turned a darker shade of pink. “You are. It’s just I’m trying to ask you out.”
Pietro could move again, slowly, which meant he was as good as someone with no mutations who was also winded on top of that. He and Tony covered the exit. Any Hydra agent in the building had been alerted to the fighting by now, and it was definitely over twenty men--closer to forty that they had engaged so far.
This life would never be simple, but that wasn’t why any of them had chosen it. There would always be the risk of not making it back in one piece. There would always be times they didn't agree and had to figure out what to do next. They would always have those late nights, where they were all bone tired and hurting like crazy but they had to keep fighting, where they could only win if they all stood together. Earth’s mightiest heroes. Maybe it shouldn’t work, but it did. Somewhere along the line they had become stronger than the things that divided them.
“Anyone seen Steve?” Tony asked as he walked back into the kitchen, where Sam had just appeared. Natasha was rubbing her eyes. Rhodey was sound asleep.
"Have you poisoned yourself again?" Rhodey asked in such a concerned voice that it made Tony feel like shit for making him worry.
Tony massaged his face with this hand. “No, I’ll be fine.” Without thinking, he turned over and accidentally bumped his head into Steve’s nose in the darkness before settling down on his shoulder. Steve made an excellent pillow.
"Miles thinks getting good grades is part of his superhero training," Tony said as after Steve closed the door behind him. "Which would be great, if he was starting college and not kindergarten. We need to make sure he doesn't take school too seriously and miss all the fun."
Bucky put a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “Wait a sec. You know how much Steve cares about you.” His voice was quiet but firm. “He adopted a kid with you without a second thought. He wouldn’t make that decision if he didn’t think you were the right person. He’s told me…what it was like waking up after the war, and how you were the first person who was there for him. I know he’s grateful for that, but you know I am too.”
Miles frowned. “But I want to be a real superhero. I want to fight villains and make the world a safer place.”
“So did I,” Steve finally said, turning to face them. He was silent for a long moment. “I need to go.”
Steve looked pissed. Or at least be looked upset. Tony figured he'd find out which in a second. Did they have to do this
Steve’s jaw hardened as tears fell down his face. “Can you forgive me?” he asked simply. "For losing sight of our goal to make this a safer world?"
“It doesn’t take a genius to figure that out,” Natasha teased. “Come on, Stark, use the jiu jitsu I’ve been teaching you.”
It was the beginning of the fall now, with a hint of coolness in the air. But by the time Steve had finished he was sweating like it was 100 degrees. He collapsed at the end of their run, laughing as Sam literally ran in circles around him.
“Red Skull,” Sam repeated, his voice low. Bucky's face was rigid. Tony looked quickly over at Steve. His back was turned, his shoulders stiff.
“Breakfast?” Tony asked, and Steve made an effort to get out of bed. Tony noticed that someone had brought him a change of clothes, his usual sweatpants and t-shirt.
“I think he’s just taking this really personal,” Sam murmured to Natasha. “I got the feeling that maybe he wanted to say…” He shook his head. “I don’t know. Never mind.”
Tony waved him off, and Steve didn’t say anything to correct him either. It was a little bit weird that they kept it a secret, Tony thought, but then again, there was nothing to it, because there couldn’t possibly be anything to it. Him and Steve? Never going to happen. Steve didn't even date women. He certainly didn't date men.
Steve swatted at his hand and made a face in response to his question. “Sam’s never going to let me live it down.”
. You have your team. If you want to believe you’re alone, that’s on you.” He put a firm hand on Bucky’s shoulder. “But you have me, okay.”
The day was quickly becoming night, and they spent the rest of it discussing a hundred parts to their plan--what was the best way to fight someone wielding an Infinity Stone? Did they have any way of knowing how Red Skull had gained possession of the Stone? How many men could they expect to confront? It was almost impossible to estimate their number given their limited intel, so they focused their energies instead on Carol's debriefing on Infinity Stones and the problems they'd be likely to face from someone wielding one.
Before Tony could open his mouth again, Clint piped up. “Do they have gay marriage on Asgard? You seem…really unfazed by this.” Steve massaged his forehead.
When he poured himself a drink for the first time since the shooting on the courthouse steps, it was just out of habit. Muscle memory. He wasn't thinking. He rubbed his forehead and set the glass down, turning his back on it as he busied himself with running diagnostics on his repaired armor.
Tony could hear an angry edge to Steve's voice. He squeezed Steve's hand briefly before Steve strode to the front of the room.
“Tony,” Wanda said, reaching out a hand to his shoulder. There was a flash of red and she stepped back with a cry.
Tony folded his arms and Steve narrowed his eyes. “Come on, Tony, have you seen a child? Half of them have Spiderman backpacks and lunchboxes. No one thinks they’re Spiderman.”
Sam swooped down in a blur. Red Skull struggled between Wanda's magic and Natasha's chokehold, then finally shot a beam of magic at Sam--it deflected off the shield. In one huge arc, Sam sliced with the blades on his wing clear through Red Skull's outstretched arm. The severed arm--and the Time Stone upon it's finger--fell to the floor.
Tony fell into bed, exhausted, briefly wondering where Steve was. He turned over, smushing his face into the pillow. He’d have to start going to bed earlier now that Miles would be waking him up every morning at the crack of dawn. But for maybe the first time in his life, he was actually looking forward to getting up early.
Miles was sitting on the side of his bed, his pajama’d legs sticking off the side. “Does this mean I get a big superhero family?”
Tony’s phone buzzed. Hulk, Jan and Sam were beginning to help Miles build something out of blocks. Steve and Peter had just sat down with them. Carol and Rhodey had just come back and were catching up with Thor and Natasha in the kitchen. Tony grinned to himself as he turned away and picked up the call.
Steve and Tony feel as though they’re watching a movie. They sit and watch as their supposedly dead daughter leads a situation in a way they’ve never seen before, her tone of voice is new and her posture is new and the ambiguous underlying emotions are new. Everything is different, but only slightly. It’s as though every element of their world is the same, just moved a millimetre to the left. There’s no focal point, no proof that something is slightly off, just an undertone that doesn’t quite make sense.
Tony winces at the sight of them. He’s used to her feet being bruised and bloody, but never to this extent, “oh miele”.
Tony’s heart is filled with a little bit of warmth when he considers how surrounded by love his baby is going to be over the next few weeks - personally, he’s planning on never letting her out of his sight again. One glance at his husband and he knows Steve is on the same page.
Tony is fully aware that this is an insane situation. His daughter - his daughter who was kidnapped after her dance class, who he searched for relentlessly for weeks, who he watched die on camera - has walked right into her home, largely unharmed, talking to them relatively openly. And that is the only reason that he isn’t demanding straight answers.
Regardless of where she is, who she's with or what she's doing, Persephone Rogers-Stark has always has some variation of a musical symphony (or cacophony) weaving itself in and around her thoughts and feelings. Sometimes there are words, sometimes it's just a soft piano, or a whole orchestra, but it's always there. In catching her tapping out rhythms or subconsciously playing piano keys on the table, Dad would call her a little weirdo - but kiss the top of her head so she knew he wasn't serious - whilst Papa would correct him, something about an internal rhythm and emotional intelligence.
Jarvis automatically switches the footage to that of the wrecked lab, just as Persephone slips through the door, her accomplice close behind.
“Dotty get off my ankles”, the smile that blooms across her face is warm and genuine and as she looks up to meet Steve’s eyes, it brightens even more.
As Bruce begins the task of putting the IV back in and re-connecting his kid to all the monitors, Tony has to ask the question.
"Okay, come on trouble", he snaked a hand under her legs and another around her back, scooping her from the hard floor in one fluid movement, distantly registering that she should definitely weigh more as she rested comfortably against his chest, not dis-similarly to when she was a toddler and couldn't find the energy to climb up the stairs to her bed.
They tiptoed across the floor, dancing around shattered glass and spilled chemicals, slipping out through the same door they entered in and leaving the room exactly as they found it, save for the spider in the middle of the floor.
He knows about the spider, that she led Peter away from the tour group, that she got them both into danger. He's angry because she trespassed, damaged property, lied and wasted everybody's time.
When he panics, when his world flips and everyone runs around like headless chickens, his primal urge is to tinker with a piece of scrap metal. More importantly, if there's something he can fix, he will.
For a moment she looked as though she was going to burst into tears, eyes wide and shocked. But the tears never came, because almost as soon as his own words hit him, her eyes rolled back in her head and she hit the floor with a sickening thud.
She crouches down, sifting her hand through the gravel as though actually looking for the animal - but it’s Peter that finds it.
Dad was distant, like usual. He didn't seem to notice that anything was up, and if he did then he couldn't muster the energy to respond. Percie decided that it was probably better that way, if he found out about what she'd done then he'd just be angry and she didn't want him to get angry again. All she had to do was keep her head down until the nausea passed or she keeled over and died, whichever came first.
Dr Cho, who had been standing by the door and watching silently, withdraws her phone from her pocket and exits the room.
Bruce looks like he's going to cry himself, biting his bottom lip and placing his hand on Tony's shoulder. The mechanic tries his best to remember that his friend has been a fairly prominent figure in Persephone's life, he could go so far as to say that at points, Bruce has helped to raise her. But he's so consumed with regret and grief that he can't even manage a nod when the man mumbles a soft and genuine, "I'm sorry, Tony".
Mila snorts, though accepts his assistance in standing up, “Dad, I’m not having Uncle Bruce touch my feet, I can sort it”.
He registered Percie's entrance, that something was off, but interacting with her meant facing the reality that he was a single parent now. The baby he adopted with Steve was solely his responsibility and she couldn't be more perfect, way way too much purity for him to taint and twist. He should've taken her with him, Steve and James could have raised her, given her a good shot at life without the possibility that Tony could just fuck it all up with the slip of a tongue.
"Okay what the fuck", the genius mumbles, sliding the phone back into his pocket, "Pep could you stay with Seph? I need to sort this".
The day progresses in the same way, a run-of-the-mill Oscorp field trip, Percie and Peter trailing at the back - despondent and dejected.
To make things even worse, it's evident that Peter's trying to suppress his glee about the trip from his facial expressions, to match Persephone's mood - flickers of excited smiles shining through when he'd catch sight of something particularly cool before being dampened by the realisation that his best friend isn't sharing the experience.
Percie looks sheepish, all eyes are on her and she's not quite ready to explain that she snuck into a restricted area with her best friend and tried to befriend an Oscorp experiment. She doesn't think telling them that that specific species of spider rarely ever bites, and that when it does it isn't severely poisonous, is a good idea right now, considering herself and Peter are both in the Medbay and she's really not feeling too hot.
Percie stares up at her dad. For so long it’s felt as though there’s a whole ocean between them, despite being in the same penthouse, she’s never felt further away from him.
"Oh bubba I'm sorry", he whispers under his breath as the elevator begins to move and he realises that this is the first time he's held his daughter since she sobbed on the floor of his workshop. With her cheek pressed against his neck, the heat radiating from her skin was concerning him even more. "Jarvis what's her temperature?".
Two kids could die, all because of an Oscorp field trip. He could lose his kid because Norman Osborne is unable to refrain from messing with things that shouldn’t be messed with, creating things that really didn’t need to be created, that the world would have been a hell of a lot safer without.
The genius has never understood his child’s fondness for arachnids. Both himself and Steve have been awful role models in situations with any kind of creepy-crawly. Despite never killing the creatures, they’d ignite enough panic that on occasion there may have been a tear or two. But Persephone was different, so gentle and careful with anyone and anything, including spiders.
She appears lifeless, lifeless and vulnerable and small. Her skin is pallid and green-tinted, the usual healthy glow which resides in her cheeks is absent, her cheeky smile is missing in action. Although, thinking about it, Tony realises that its been MIA for a while. Probably since the accords. Not that she could smile, even if she was conscious and wanted to, because a thick tube is shoved into her mouth, causing her chest to move up and down as it manually inflates and deflates her lungs. Countless other tubes and wires are attached to her arms and stomach, all connecting her to various machines which Tony doesn't understand and doesn't want to.
Despite his frantic thought process, Tony nods along with the two other men in the room, though they all make wary eye contact.
As soon as Pepper's soft words make it through the barrier he's constructed, tears begin to roll down his cheeks and before long, full blown sobs wrack his body. She pulls him into a hug, holding onto him in the way that he should've held onto Percie when he had the opportunity. He doesn't know how long he sat there, in Pepper's arms, bawling, but by the time he'd calmed down, Bruce was jogging through the elevator looking the most dishevelled he ever had.
And how the fuck is he meant to explain this? ‘Hi babe, did you have a nice walk? Funny story, I know that we watched our daughter die over and over again but actually she just turned up on the doorstep’.
Even now, with her thoughts redacted and coded in some complex way which the child hasn't quite managed to decipher yet, the song is there. There aren't any words that Percie can pick out, just indecipherable music that spins on and on like a record that somebody kept composing and composing and forgot to ever bring to a solid conclusion.
Steve stares down at her in surprise, but the mongrel is gone, shot down the hallway like a fluffy bullet.
The situation seems.. oxymoronic. It’s unfairly fair. Mila’s back, the kid he met, fell in love with and grew to love as his own, the only person he loves more than Tony. But it feels incomplete, because they need answers before they can even begin to relax, answers which Mila seems reluctant to give. And he can’t very well demand them from her, as much as a part of him would like to shake her and see the words spill out, he can tell that she’s processing and she’s fragile and nothing’s going to settle anytime soon. It’s bittersweet.
Tony sighs heavily, rocking back a little, still clinging to his child, "I uh.. I think I found the cause of all of this".
Her Uncle Bruce is stood above her, a gentle hand on her shoulder. He stares at her for a moment before shouting something, probably an order, to whoever is listening.
The look on Bruce's face as he retreats from the ICU is enough to tell Tony that this isn't the flu.
"We've been running some tests, and we need to run some more because right now we don't know what's causing this. We're keeping her temperature as low as possible with some fluids and cooling packs, but she's still running at 106, and that isn't ideal, nor is it normal. She's had two more seizures, likely induced by the heat however there could be another cause, and after the last we lost her for a few minutes, so we're keeping her on support for the time being", Bruce's voice is so soft and steady but Tony can't understand how because he didn't seriously just tell him that his child died.
Her tone tilts more on the confused side than concerned, which only fuels her fathers’ anxiety more.
Percie moves slowly towards Peter, eyes wide and mouth forming a small ‘O’ shape. Tony’s hand remains clamped over his own mouth as he watches what is possibly the worst horror movie he’s ever been subjected to. She picks the spider off of her best friend’s arm, fascinated as it seems to make eye contact with her for a moment before taking a few tentative steps along her arm. It takes less than a second for the monster to bite Percie; when it withdraws its fangs the movements are a lot heavier. Still largely unresponsive, the genius’ daughter just stares as it staggers, stiffens and falls to the ground.
Such apprehension coats Tony’s lips that when the name spills out he almost attempts to swallow it again.
It takes a few attempts, and the symphony seems to speed up with the effort, a steadily increasing beat attacking her from all sides. The voices stop and she can sense eyes on her, the discomfort that the sensation brings being the final force she needs to open her own eyes.
Her lips are blue, almost matching her eyes and her face has lost it’s beautiful italian glow. If he tries hard enough, he can almost kid himself that it’s makeup. Almost.
She nodded slowly, still not saying a word. It made sense, both of her dads hated her already, if there was a way to prevent aggravating them even more then she would make sure that was the path she took. There was no reason to alarm anyone if she was going to die anyway. "Okay.. we should get back to the group".
She nudges Peter, guiding his focus to a door. It's open just a crack, like someone forgot to close it. Through the small gap, Percie has noticed the absolute carnage that lies inside.
For a moment, they just stand in the middle of the living room, heart-broken and grieving and hollow.
But he just exhales a disbelieving "Percie", and crosses the room, immediately scooping her into his arms, "Jesus Christ, I thought-".
He's saying something as he tries to calm her thrashing, probably trying to settle her but she can't focus on the words and it only upsets her more.
The linoleum floor is littered with shards of glass, tiny daggers just waiting to pierce a child's skin. Puddles of sizzling chemicals have grouped on the floor, Tony doesn't need to know exactly what they are to know that they could cause some serious damage to a ten-year-old. But what worries him most, is exactly what seems to have intrigued his kid.
Ben appears in her field of vision, on the opposite side to Bruce. They're both much more gentle than Percie can ever remember them being, including the time when Bruce had to remove shards of glass from her foot. It's slightly unsettling.
"What the fuck?", panic begins to overwhelm him. 107 degrees is insane, he would have panicked over a 104 but 107- he definitely would've panicked more if it weren't for the opening of the elevator doors.
Tony panicked, cupping her cheeks in his hands and hating how hot they felt. The heat was somewhat reminiscent of the extremis, a thought which made his stomach turn. Surely it wasn't normal for his child to have a temperature this high? His desperate pleas began as a low whisper, building with his panic to an uncontrollable sob, "Come on Seph, wake up baby, please honey, open those eyes, don't you dare check out on me,
Mila Stark is padding down the hallway, light-footed as always, her doggy-companion mouthing at her ankles and causing the teenager to stumble in her attempts to avoid stepping on the mongrel’s head.
Then the elevator doors ping open and Mila is back in her home, back on the floor she shares with her dads and their big fluffy dog. It’s where they play piano, and cook weird experimental food (which almost always ends up being disgusting but Steve eats anyway because waste not want not) and argue over which Disney film is god tier.
Realistically, he’s aware that there’s no way that she’s navigated the past months without encountering some kind of trauma - but she’s just popped up out of nowhere, whole and breathing and smiling and he’d thought that she was dead.
The moment is so expertly crafted, so fragile, resting on chance and desolation. One wrong word, one breath heavier than the others, one movement too sharp and she could just disappear, vanish into thin air and Tony would be purposeless again.
Almost immediately, fear makes itself known in the form of Tony’s shaking hands. He doesn’t want to know how his baby acquired the scars - he doesn’t want to think about it. The thought of anybody causing his kid pain in any way, shape or form ignites a steady burning in the pit of his stomach. It would be so much easier, so much tidier, to just accept the utter miracle of her turning up on a wednesday evening relatively unharmed and erasing the past months from everybody’s memories.
Although, in a way, the absurdity of the situation is a tad comforting. Normally, temperatures like that would kill, it's insane that the kids managed to reach those kind of numbers anyway, meaning that this isn't a usual sickness. If Percie and Peter aren't reacting in the way that they should, there's a chance that they could just miraculously pop out the other side, bubbly and bouncy as ever. That's the knowledge that fuels Tony to keep his mechanic brain in control, his dad brain can wait.
Peter breaks the silence, “We can’t tell anybody. We aren’t supposed to be in here, we’ll get into trouble”.
This is the contact they’ve both mourned for weeks. Both Starks have wept for it on nights when they just wanted to be held and nobody else would do.
“Okay I know this isn’t going to completely fill you with faith.. but I need you all to not freak out, and preferably not ask questions right now. I just- I need to process everything before I talk about it”.
Tony can't even remember that morning. He can't remember if he said he loved her, made sure she ate, or even saw her at all. Guilt continues to eat him alive.
The voices that had played softly in the background of her soundtrack now cut through, loud and harsh.
Percie is confused and panicked and overwhelmed, she doesn't understand where she is or why Ben and May are there or why everything is so bright and loud.
Persephone can't see him though, her face is pressed into her dad's shoulder. It's been so long since he held her like this instead of actively avoiding her, there's a hazy memory of him carrying her but she isn't entirely sure whether it's real or if she imagined it out of pure desperation for human contact.
Dirty, beaten up pointe shoes sit on her feet, the ribbons fraying but still looped and tucked neatly around too-small ankles.
They never find out what she was thinking about, interrupted by Friday’s smooth announcement, “Boss, there are six individuals in the north-east lobby elevator requesting access to the communal floor”.
Although, in a way, the absurdity of the situation is a tad comforting. Normally, temperatures like that would kill, it's insane that the kids managed to reach those kind of numbers anyway, meaning that this isn't a usual sickness. If Percie and Peter aren't reacting in the way that they should, there's a chance that they could just miraculously pop out the other side, bubbly and bouncy as ever. That's the knowledge that fuels Tony to keep his mechanic brain in control, his dad brain can wait.
Mila peeks over her shoulder at her back, “Honestly?”, she makes eye contact with Bruce who nods, “I don’t really remember.. I mean it’s a bit more complicated than that but I don’t really.. I don’t remember, I just woke up and they were there”.
Sure, he’s probably discovered the cause of the mystery illness, but it’s suddenly ten times scarier. Not only does this leave a million terrifying questions, but after watching one child (a child he quite likes) get bitten by a biochemically engineered spider, he’s pretty certain he’s about to see his kid get attacked too.
Weeks composed of debilitating days, and nights which brought nothing close to relief, cups of coffee, created and discarded, periodic texts from concerned family and friends: How are you doing? Are you looking after yourself? We’re sending our deepest condolences to you and Steve; all playing their part in some sick pantomime which saw the ‘genius billionaire philanthropist’ feel less and less like a genius and more and more like a fraud, a failure, a father who had lost his purpose.
After thirty seconds, thirty ugly, horrible seconds, the seizing stopped, and there was a sickening moment in which nothing happened.
“I am never wearing pointe shoes again”, she rolls her eyes dramatically as she tugs at the ribbons and removes the shoes and pads from her feet.
He does, albeit reluctantly, the pounding of his heart filling his ears and disrupting any sound-waves. His ribs might burst with the force of it, every moment which passes before he sees her he's drawing one step closer to collapse.
Tony watches as Bruce’s brows furrow and he places a hand on Mila’s shoulder to steady her as he inspects the scars closer.
Mila lets herself drop to the floor, lying on the wood and covering her face with her hands for a moment before sitting back up with a grin on her face, “Holy shit, we did it”.
Too quickly for him to register, Tony has crossed the short distance between them and scooped her into his arms. “Oh my god, oh my god, Mila you don’t- you aren’t, oh my god, baby I’m sorry, I’m so sorry. Mila”. He presses his face into her hair and breathes in her scent. It’s clouded by the shadow of blood and smoke, but she smells like her. Her legs wrap around his waist, her arms around his neck, the familiar feeling of her skin against his acting as the only proof he needs that this is his baby and she is alive. The thrum of her heart and the steady intake of breath to her lungs are tactile through his own chest, confirming to her dad that she’s okay, she’s here, and how or why isn’t currently what matters.
She crinkles her nose, the same way she does when it’s her turn to pick the ice cream flavour, “Like.. three days?”.
Mila drops her head a little as a laugh escapes from her mouth before she looks up again. In a moment she’s skipped across the floor and thrown her arms around Peter. The boy laughs back and folds his arms around her in response, the rest of the group following suit until they’re all holding onto each other and Steve and Tony once again feel like they’re outside looking in.
The atmosphere inside the ICU is unsettling to say the least, Peter is now pretty much in the same state as Percie. They're side by side, Bruce and Helen stood in the middle of the two. In the years that Tony has known both of them, he's never seen them looking so puzzled and concerned. He's not a fan of the fact that this is happening in regards to his daughter and her best friend.
Her arms wrap around his middle, her face pressed into his drenched t-shirt, and although Steve knows this, he can’t quite believe it.
The frown that makes itself known on his daughter’s face makes Tony uneasy. The fact that she has to struggle to recall the last time she ate makes him burn with rage.
Though irritated by the plastic on her skin, the cool oxygen makes it a lot easier to breathe with her burning lungs.
When the scientist sends a message through Jarvis to say that he’s in Medbay (oblivious to Mila’s return), the family head down in the elevator.
He returns the sentiment, “I’ll be right here”, resuming the position on the couch that he had come to adopt over the past couple of weeks, tumbling into a bottomless pit of self-pity and mourning. The only reason he’s bothered to eat a microwave meal in the first place was that Steve locked him out of the lab and wouldn’t let him down there unless-
The notion that Bruce was on his way sent a jolt down Tony's spine, Bruce has been MIA for months, providing zero proof that he was even alive. Tony had texted, called, emailed and received no response, not even a read receipt. He would never admit to the uncomfortable buzzing in the back of his brain that felt much too like betrayal, because Tony has no right to know where he is.. but the man was as close to an intellectual equal as he'd ever gotten, and he understood him in a way that even Steve never did. And, he was good with Percie.
Bruce takes a deep breath, steadying himself to answer a question he'd really hoped Tony wouldn't ask, "Tony there's... Persephone is tiny, you know that, even for her age she's small, and even a fully grown adult at this temperature I-".
Percie knew she should be upset, for one, her spider knowledge had failed her, and then there was the fact that her and her best friend had definitely just both been poisoned by an Oscorp spider. Oscorp were definitely unethical, she didn't need her dad to tell her that, which probably meant that her life was in danger and that they definitely wouldn't care and that was something she should have been worried about.
The night passed with no sleep, only tossing and turning, sweating and whimpering and wishing that Papa was there and Dad was Dad again. With her rising temperature came more distress and she found herself getting more and more worked up. Jarvis asked if she was okay a few times, he probably alerted her dad that she was distressed, but it was like he wasn't even there.
Well, there was a "You alright squirt?" as she hopped out of the car in the dimly lit garage and headed for the elevator, but a nod of the head was enough of a response for her uncle to let it go for then, and that was all that mattered. The haziness in her head had filtered out any rational thought processes except for keeping everybody off of her back for the time being.
He just wants to go back to this morning, gather her in his arms and tell her that he loves her. He loves her and he isn't ever letting her go. He wouldn't push her away, or ignore her, or shout. She wouldn't end up seizing on the cold kitchen tiles.
As rage takes over, Tony calls a suit, one hundred percent prepared to blast his way into Oscorp and find anybody who could be responsible in any way. He wants to make them pay.
There's something choking her, air is being pushed in and out of her lungs but she's not controlling it, she hates it.
It would be way too coincidental to not be related to Oscorp, Tony mentally berates himself for having not known about the trip in the first place. He probably wouldn't have let her go, Oscorp are into some shady, unethical shit - things he ideally wouldn't have his daughter in the same world as, let alone the same building. Norman Osborne unsettles him on a grand scale.
She dragged her aching body out of bed, every part of her protesting the movement. Her vision blurred and span, causing her to reach out to hold onto the wall until her cotton-wool-stuffed head could catch up with the minor change in altitude. Heavy and nauseous, her body carried her on autopilot to the kitchen, steadying herself on the counter as soon as she reached where she needed to be.
By the time the elevator doors ping open, the genius’ curiously has begun to get the better of him. Where the hell has she been? Who knew where she was? Where did that video come from? Was she actually kidnapped or did she just decide to dip? No, that isn’t Mila.
"Tony, I'm going to be honest with you and you need to try your best to stay calm, okay? Because you're all she's got right now and she needs you", Bruce speaks softly, raising a hand to rest on the genius' shoulder.
She headed straight to her room, burrowing under the duvet and attempting to sleep. Dinner time came and went, her dad didn't call her and so she didn't leave her room. He'd probably forgotten to eat again and with Percie out of sight she was also most likely out of mind. That was fine.
His daughter stares at them for a second, “aaannd as soon as I get socks on my feet, I’m never taking them off”. One of her hands idly pushes the offending shoes to the side, never to be touched by her again.
“I’m still having him check you over”, he eyes her warily as she crosses the room, determined that if there is any sign of discomfort or pain he’ll catch it; unfortunately, she’s much too like him in that she has a talent for suffering silently, “and I can’t say I’m the biggest fan of that blue tint you’re sporting there Mila Moos”.
“Oh my god”, he murmurs, letting go of Tony and opening his arms in time to collect her in a hug, “Oh my god”. His hand cups the back of her head, fingers gripping her curls with a hollow kind of desperation to ground himself.
“What are you thinking about Mila Moos?”, Tony ducks his head in an attempt to make eye-contact with her, noting that she’s been quiet for a few minutes.
Then May is there too, running her hand through Persephone's curls and speaking in the same tone as Ben.
His intelligent, inquisitive, but so incredible stupid kid is making her way towards a glass terrarium enclosure. It's been tipped off of the table against the wall, smashed open at one end and gravel spilling out. The creature that resided inside is nowhere to be seen.
, oh fuck, oh Percie, baby girl", he lowers himself into the chair next to her, reaching out to hold her hand, "I'm sorry baby, I'm sorry", a sob explodes from his chest and once again he's sat in a cheap plastic chair, crying.
The stagnant weather had previously elicited the sardonic observation that the gods were punishing the world with a vehement fury, pelting them with liquid bullets as retribution for the theft of a life, for seven lives. It’s probable that this was just a reflection of the mechanic’s own numb rage, partly due to the fact that he doesn’t believe in any God which he hasn’t regarded and touched whilst sober. Thor just so happens to be the only being to fall into this category.
He's going to leave her like Papa did, and when Bruce finds out what she did then he'll go too, and then May and Ben, and she'll be alone.
“Really? Because that sounds an awful lot like something you’d do.” Steve wasn’t disguising his anger anymore.
He waited in silence for Tony to look at him, fidgeting with his hands. When he knew he finally had Tony’s attention, he took a deep breath.
“That’s your Uncle Bucky,” Steve explained, and Bucky went down on one knee as Steve put Miles on the floor. Miles took a step forward slowly and tapped the metal arm experimentally and then started giggling.
“Don’t be a bad influence on my son, alright kiddo?” Tony asked, yanking the mask of Peter’s head and tousling his hair. Peter glared at him.
Tony nodded, and tried to take a deep breath. “Okay.” This was starting to sound like the poison had been engineered specifically to kill Steve. He remembered the shooter, masked, dressed like any other member of law enforcement, the other guards stepping out of the way to give him a clear shot.
“I spent seventy years in an iceberg. I don’t get bored easily,” Eve replied humorlessly, slinging a towel over her shoulder as she turned away to get her water bottle.
Tony and Pepper walked out into the hallway as the rest of the Avengers found their own nesting places in the living room and dozed off. Peter and Miles had run off to play downstairs.
When he turned around, Bucky was standing there, even though Tony was sure he hadn't heard anything over the noise he'd been making.
Tony yanked his hand back from Steve’s and looked up at the reporter who had appeared in front of them and just finished snapping a photo. They all stood up.
a good man,” Tony murmured. “The best I’ve ever known. We all make mistakes. I know that better than anyone."
"You know damn well who." Of course, he'd never talked to Rhodey about this in his life. He knew he was being unfair.
“Some people won’t like you for being different,” Sam said to Miles, sitting down in front of him. “Because of the color of your skin or because of your abilities. But always remember the things that make you different are what make you who you are. And you should be proud to be who you are. People who can’t see that aren’t worth your time. There are even people who don’t want to see a black man be a superhero.”
“We will be needing some alone time,” Tony added, wrapping his arm around Steve’s waist and pulling him closer for a kiss on the cheek. Sam grinned and Bucky raised his eyebrows at Steve.
Sleep has been abandoned as a priority and substituted with coffee, the billionaire can't afford to waste any time. He keeps both Percie and Peter's vitals on a holographic screen by his bench and gets to work - pointedly ignoring how ridiculous the numbers are.
And as though they have their own centre of gravity, two bright red, irritated and inflamed scars drag everybody’s eyes towards them. They slice across Mila’s shoulder blades at almost 45 degree angles, stretching from her shoulders to mid-back - appearing to glow against her pale skin.
As he carried her from the kitchen to the elevator, he addressed his AI, "Jarv, I want Bruce and Helen in the MedBay within the hour, I don't care where the fuck they are or what they're doing, tell them Percie is sick and I need them. Send her vitals".
"Okay! Okay listen, I'm sending a suit over right now for Peter and a car for you, I promise we've got the best people over here and they'll do everything they can".
In all the years that he’s been alive, Mila is the one important figure that he’s never had to worry will leave him.
The boy in the front of the group breaks into a grin. He has soft brunette curls that flop onto his forehead and big doe eyes. Though he’s thinner and his hair is longer than in the pictures on the news, Tony recognises him as Peter Parker, the first kid to go missing. “We did”, he beams, stepping forward and out of the elevator.
He doesn't know what to do with a sick child. He doesn't know what to do with a sick child. He doesn't know what to do with a sick child.
Percie's heart sinks. When her dad hadn't immediately torn her to shreds she'd hoped that he didn't know about the Oscorp situation, and that she'd be able to keep it that way, " 'm sorry" she mumbles, pressing her face further into her dad's shirt and wishing she'd disappear, " 'm sorry i killed the sp'der".
"Tony temperatures like this cause brain damage, she's essentially cooking in there, the chances of her fully recovering from this are..".
Percie hasn't just caught some 24 hour bug and reacted badly, she isn't just stressed and worked up, his baby is sick and in trouble and it isn't going to be fixed by Pepto-Bismol. The doctor says nothing, just nods his head in the direction of the room which Percie is in and waits for Tony to follow.
Suddenly, Cho was there with her team. Percie was torn from his arms, letting out a cry of protest at being taken away from the only person she had left, but it was drowned out by Helen's orders and random people calling out statistics that Tony doesn't understand. Eventually, it all gave way to a ringing in his ears, static white noise which couldn't quite overpower the pure regret boiling in his stomach.
The child whimpered, pressing her face into his neck, unable to convey just how miserable she felt, "I know baby, I know", Tony pressed a kiss to the top of her head, wishing more than anything that he could fix this like he could a glitch with Dum-E or U. Human babies are so much more complicated. The mechanic has had way too many moments over the past eight years in which he's panicked with the knowledge that Persephone is a real human being with real emotions and a personality and human requirements, way too many moments in which he's wondered if he's fit to be a parent, if adopting her was the right decision. She could have stayed in the system, met another (less dysfunctional) family, and maybe she'd never have ended up in this position (deep down Tony knew that Persephone Fern Rogers-Stark would manage to find trouble wherever she went, even with a different surname). And this kid worshipped him, Steve had said it a few weeks after she came to live with them, she looked at him as though he hung the stars in the sky; though she loved Steve, she'd always been Tony's child at heart.
"We can't tell anybody", Peter's voice quivered on every word, Percie raised her eyes to meet his, "we aren't supposed to be in here, we'll get in trouble".
"Sorry, I think I'm missing something", May speaks up from the corner, Persephone had completely forgotten she and Ben were there, "What spider?".
Tony Stark was sat at the breakfast bar, staring at the polished marble and wishing for an imperfection, a problem to work on and solve and fix, something simple enough for him to not mess up, but with enough of a challenge that it could drag his brain away from the knowledge that his husband left him and their daughter for another man.
"They were bitten by some genetically fucked tarantula at Oscorp, it's too weird of a coincidence to not be what's causing this".
Bruce leaps up from his seat on the other side of the room, moving quickly across the lab to inspect it.
Peter looked horrified, his hand still suffocating his own arm with its identical puncture marks, two pinpricks of ruby-red. The poison which flowed into his bloodstream licked flames up his limb, fizzing as it travelled further and further into his body. He didn't know much about spiders, not like Percie did, but he was sure that this was going to kill him, and now he'd gotten his best friend killed too. Distantly he recognised that panicking probably wasn't the solution here, he should tell an adult and get help from somebody who knew what they were doing, perhaps there was an antidote somewhere in the building. Surely people get bitten all the time.. right? There must be an antidote.
First of all, it's way too bright, to the point that she has to close her eyes again for a moment. Paired with the burning sensation overwhelming her body, she genuinely considers for a moment that she could be on the sun.
Bruce glances at Persephone, then at the vitals that Jarvis is displaying, “Honestly, Tony? I really don’t know”.
Movement drew Peter's attention from his spiralling thoughts to the oversized spider on Persephone's arm, the fangs withdrawing from her skin and leaving behind two wounds, identical to the ones marking Peter's arm. Its movements were slow and sluggish, nothing like the quick, darting fashion in which it had sped along the floor and up Peter's leg when he had first seen it; there wasn't even an opportunity to swat it away. In fact, the spider was now so slow that it was almost as though the two children had drained it of it's life. This is the thought that echoed around Percie's head as she watched with a sort of morbid curiosity as the arachnid flexed its limbs a few times, as though preparing itself to move, before seemingly giving up all together. The creature seemed to stiffen up, lose its sticky grip, and fell abruptly to the linoleum floor.
The rest of the trip passed uneventfully, nobody had even realised they were gone. A few more hours of monotonous tour guide babble and Flash throwing in snide comments at any given opportunity came and went, and soon enough she was sat in the back of Uncle Happy's car, face pressed against the glass and thoughts slowing by the second. Her foggy brain filtered out Happy's concerned glances in the mirror, that and the fact that she was beyond the point of caring. Happy would assume that she was just upset about Papa leaving her to suffocate in her dad's mourning and that would be that, no questions asked.
The innovator whips his head around just in time to see his boyfriend exit the elevator, Dotty in tow. They’re both drenched, dirty rain water dripping onto the floorboards; a shiver shoots down Tony’s spine as he is suddenly thrown back to the lobby and the eerie tension which coats the tower.
Steve opens his mouth, probably to ask if Tony’s okay (the question is ridiculous and Steve knows the answer already, but he asks it all the time) but the words never come. Instead of her usual (disgusting) shake, spattering mud and dirty water all over the pristine walls, Dotty lets out a sudden bark.
Bruce rubs a hand on her back, when Percie looks up at him he looks a little like he could cry at any moment. She leans into him for comfort, appreciating the way he wraps an arm around her but unsettled by his rapid heartbeat.
There's a crash from the opposite side of the room, and then May and Ben are gone, replaced by a face Persephone hasn't seen in a long time.
A face appears in front of hers and as her eyes begin to focus she can identify it as Ben, Peter's uncle.
He shakes his head, "I just uh. . . when you rang, I was with Percie, she's. . . not doing too good".
"Jarvis time it", he choked out, throwing himself from his stool to the cold, tiled floor and placing his hand under her head to prevent it smacking against the stone again. Her breathing was ragged and laboured, leaving her mouth with soft whimpers that twisted invisible hands around Tony's throat, "Oh baby- I'm sorry, I'm so sorry", he ignored the telltale sting of his eyes that meant tears were about to roll down his cheeks, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry". If she didn't wake up, if she stopped breathing and he couldn't get her to start again, the last thing she will have ever known will have been her only remaining parent swearing at her for feeling sick. His last days with her will have been spent practically forgetting she existed, wallowing in self-pity and mourning the loss of a man who abandoned her.
They had a funeral and everything, sunflowers littering the church because Pepper insisted that Mila would’ve wanted a bright funeral, sunshine and smiles and songs which urged everybody to celebrate the light she radiated during life. It rained throughout the whole ceremony. As Tony watched soil sprinkle onto the empty casket like sarcastic confetti, he couldn’t help but think to himself that it doesn’t matter what Mila wants, she’s gone.
In this moment, Steve’s overwhelmed with the love he has for his family, his daughter and his husband; everything he could ever need is right here in his arms. They may have had each other for a lot longer than Steve has, but at this point there’s no way he could survive without them, not for long anyway.
As a response, she does as he says. When she breathes out, Bruce pulls out the tube. It makes her choke and tears spring to her eyes. She barely has time to react, as soon as the tube is out of her mouth, Dr Cho appears with an oxygen mask and presses it to her face.
As if sensing her father’s discomfort, she sends a reassuring smile over her shoulder as she exits the room smoothly, as though she hadn’t been dead five minutes ago. “Give me literally thirty seconds and then I’ll be back, I promise”.
And then the chaos stops, the lights dim, there's no more beeping, the air is no longer being pushed in and out of her lungs.
No impossible number of condolences could put the lines right, clear the smudges from the page and push Tony back into the blossoming development of his geometric pattern, because his baby is gone.
He sends a shocked look to Tony, probably fearing an intruder, but before he can chase after the dog, his boyfriend places a hand on his chest, “Steve, listen to me, this is absolutely crazy but I swear, Mila is- she’s-“.
"Tony.. what is it?", May queries, a level of uncertainty implying that she's wary of the answer she might receive.
As soon as his baby's body hit the floor, Tony Stark was jolted out of the nightmarish trance he'd been trapped in since Siberia. Her eyes were open, but only the whites visible, her limbs hitting the ground in sudden jerks. His medic brain told him that she was seizing, his dad brain told him that he had fucked up and his kid, his ten-year-old child, was paying the price.
And they do, rejoining their class as if nothing happened. Tony watches the footage as they pretend to listen to the tour guide and ignore the unrelenting nasty comments from another child (How long has this been going on? Why didn’t he notice?), all the way through to Percie clambering into Happy’s car.
"Daddy please", the words that leave her mouth are a miserable cross between a whine and a moan of pain and he finally shifts his eyes to look at her. She's flushed and sweaty, her eyes glassed over. He doesn't know what to do with a sick child. She's been sick before, but he always had Steve.
By the time her eyelids fluttered open he was a bawling mess, stroking his thumbs over her cheeks and praying to every god he doesn't believe in that he'll see her baby blues again. The relief that hit him when she made eye contact with him was almost painful. "Hi honey, hi baby, good girl, keep those eyes open for me". She blinked up at him, dazed and confused but trusting in her dad (who had yelled at her forty seconds ago). "We're gonna head down to the MedBay, yeah? Try and find Uncle Bruce", he tried his best to smile reassuringly, with full knowledge that even sick and delirious she's too clever to fall for it, but she managed a tiny nod anyway.
Camila Stark is the latest name to be added to the list of what is thought to be serial kidnappings in and around New York. The six other children reported missing and thought to be connected to the case are Elinor Bennet, Kasper Adams, Peter Parker, Luna Daniels, Sage Brooks and Mateo Vine. Camila’s parents, world-renown ‘Avengers’ Tony Stark and Steve Rogers, held a press conference earlier this afternoon expressing their grief and desire for their daughter to be returned home.
It had turned out to be some sort of blessing, the super-soldier and crime-fighting-genius could cower in the corner whilst their small child cupped the demon-creature in her tiny hands and softly spoke, explaining that she would deposit them into a garden and they’d be safe and happy.
Once she's sitting, she can see that she's in the MedBay. May is crouched at the end of her bed and offers a shaky smile when they make eye contact. Persephone just frowns.
There's a few minutes of footage in which nothing really happens, it's just the Oscorp representative (a smiley blonde named Katie) giving a typical pre-tour introduction, not too dissimilar to the one at SI. And even though Percie has heard the SI spiel a thousand times, she's always attentive - always listening and contributing and beaming. But now, there's no engagement. Her expression is indifferent and it seems as though she's not entirely aware of her surroundings, there's no sign of her personality at all and Tony wants to vomit.
“Let’s go get some food, Moo”, Steve suggests, placing a guiding hand on her back and making wary eye-contact with his partner.
“Bruce will sort them out, Bambi, I want him to check you over anyway”, the mechanic offers a hand to help his child off of the floor.
He knows about the spider, that she led Peter away from the tour group, that she got them both into danger. He's angry because she trespassed, damaged property, lied and wasted everybody's time.
In a moment of violent panic, she throws herself to the side. A sharp sting of pain shoots up her arm as something tears out of it, a web of sticky pads lose contact with her skin and whatever is stuck in her throat is jerked.
And now he was neglecting her, unable somehow to shock himself out of the trance he fell into as soon as his husband drove that goddamn piece of vibranium into his heart. He was awful, god he was so awful. Who the fuck decided it was okay to leave him with a child? What was he supposed to do when she had nightmares about the man who co-raised her for eight years? What was he meant to say to a ten year old child who kept asking if he was okay? He forgets to feed her, to send her to bed, to tell her he loves her. Who the fuck decided it was okay to leave him with a child?
It’s a good half an hour later that they’ve all calmed down enough for Tony to call Bruce. Despite Mila insisting that she’s fine and doesn’t need medical attention, neither of her dads are taking any chances. They won’t lose her again.
Physically, he was the same as always, if not a little more bruised, but trying to talk to him was like conversing with a brick wall. He was hollow.
Tony’s half eaten takeaway lies abandoned on the couch, his fork discarded on the rug. The moment that Jarvis had informed him that Miss Stark is in the lobby he’d dropped everything and practically threw himself down the stairs to get to her.
Everything has built up to this one moment, from screaming at Nat to find his kid oh god, fuck, please find her, to lying on the bathroom floor and sobbing because she chose the tiles. All of it, the days, the nights, the texts, it all accumulated an inconceivable amount of desperation and desultoriness, pressing against the cork of a champagne bottle, ready to explode with a tiny bit more pressure.
Then the ink bursts from the pen and spatters across the page, or a line is struck in a place where a line shouldn’t be, or you wander the paths so aimlessly that you find yourself lost somewhere near the middle and hope dwindles and your baby is gone. The pattern is ruined and your baby is gone.
In a second Mila has leapt to her feet, staring at the elevator doors. Her stance is confused, halfway between defensive and elated. Her shoulders are pushed back, spine arched, but her fists can’t land on clenched or open and her mouth opens and closes a few times before she gets words out “Who is it Fri?”.
Thinking about it makes her upset all over again, breathing becomes a little bit more difficult and her eyes start to prickle with tears.
Another body joins their hug, Steve can tell by his arms and his breathing pattern that it’s Tony and he’s crying.
The man opens his arms to accept his (apparently alive) niece into them, collecting her in a gentle and so-very-Bruce hug.
Mila pauses as her eyes scan the room, confirming to herself that she is actually home. With a contented sigh, she sits down on the floor, ignoring the aborted “wh-“ from Tony.
Mila looks just as shell-shocked as everybody else in the room, her mouth forming an ‘o’ and her eyes wide.
“Of course”, he presses a kiss to her head and manoeuvres them both so that they’re lying down, Persephone curled into his chest. By the time he’s managed to achieve a comfortable position, she’s already out.
Though still uncomfortable, she's no longer trying to escape, confident that Uncle Bruce will handle the situation. She blinks.
“I’m sorry I- I had to get it out and I couldn’t find it and I’m.. I’m sorry”, tears begin to track down her cheeks and Tony has that primal, instinctual mother-hen sensation that he gets every time she cries, tugging her much-too-small body close to his chest and pressing his face into her curls.
It had been a blessing, and then the mutant Oscorp tarantula sunk his fangs into Peter Parker’s arm.
"Would you just fucking spit it out?", Tony snaps, angry at Bruce for not being able to help, Steve for fucking off and leaving him with Percie, himself for being useless.
The billionaire smiles softly at the typical Mila response, assured for a third time that this is her (and she is still her), though his hands are still shaking and a distant part of his brain keeps warning him that he could vomit at any given moment, “Come on sunbeam”. He places his hand on her back, desperate to keep up the physical reassurance, and guides her towards the elevator, wrapping his arms around her once they’re inside and the metal box begins to ascend.
Too tired to properly look around, she just assumes there's nothing else to see and lets Ben support her head.
Despite the severity of the situation, Tony can't help but huff an exasperated laugh. He presses his forehead to hers, ignoring the ridiculous heat which is still radiating from her tiny body, "I don't care about the spider, Persephone, I just want.. I need you to be okay, got it?".
By the time Ben and May arrive, Peter is in the ICU with Persephone. Ben has his arms wrapped around his wife, guiding her through the halls as soon as he spots Tony. The woman is shaking, her face tear-stained and eyes red. The billionaire supposes that he probably looks no better.
"Percie I need you to take in a really deep breath and then let it all out, can you do that for me?".
It hits the wall so hard that the paint chips, the usually very composed Tony Stark flying into the room like a hurricane of pure panic. His eyes dart around the room before he properly enters, locking onto Persephone with an intensity which has the child sinking back into Bruce.
Steve and Tony feel as though they’re watching a movie. They sit and watch as their supposedly dead daughter leads a situation in a way they’ve never seen before, her tone of voice is new and her posture is new and the ambiguous underlying emotions are new. Everything is different, but only slightly. It’s as though every element of their world is the same, just moved a millimetre to the left. There’s no focal point, no proof that something is slightly off, just an undertone that doesn’t quite make sense.
There’s a pause, then a surprised burst of laughter erupts from her chest, “Let them in, Friday”. Though considerably more relaxed, her eyes don’t leave the elevator doors for a second. Steve can’t help but mentally compare her calculating stare to the one he’s seen on Tony on countless occasions as he assesses whether or not to call a suit.
Unable to follow the people with his baby, he resigns to a hard, plastic chair, with nothing to do but wait and think about everything that went wrong which inevitably lead up to this moment.
Mourning and pity swims in Steve’s baby blues, seemingly boring right into Tony’s soul, he lifts his hands to rub his boyfriend’s upper arms, “Tony”. The sorrow in Steve’s voice makes the mechanic feel physically sick. “Tony she’s- Mila’s gone, baby, I know it hurts, trust me I know and I miss her so much but-“.
Though Tony ordered food for all three of them, Mila is the only one who eats. Her parents sit there, forks in hand and bowls of pasta in front of them, but they don’t even touch their food, they just watch her as she eats her macaroni, no trace of the desperation that a kidnapped kid should have when handed food.
Tony's visuals confirmed the same thing. "Looks like twenty or so, some stationed in front of a room, some inside, others are patrolling the area around it."
He came back from the bathroom and got back into bed, turning off the light. Tony moved over instinctively and Steve turned his back to him. Tony heard Steve breath out a long sigh, and then saw the silhouette of his shoulder drop slightly as he turned over.
Steve collapsed onto the couch next to Tony. It was late—they both should have been in bed hours ago, if Tony even slept in a bed anymore, which he didn’t—he slept in the chair by Steve’s bed every night.
They all sat down in the living room with the others. Bruce (not the Hulk for a change) was drinking his coffee and Rhodey and Carol were still snuggled up on the couch.
The inside of the building was dark, and he could see the signs of a firefight on the walls. He was getting closer. He ran down a corridor into a larger storage room, and saw her, slumped on the floor by the far wall.
He threw the gauntlet he was working on as hard as he could across the room, and it crashed to the ground. He stood up, breathing hard, and that’s when he heard the door open. He whirled to see Steve standing there, his face pale. This must be taking an even greater toll on him, Tony realized with sudden shame.
“Well,” Tony started, clearing his throat as he glared at Steve, “Pops was frozen in a big block of ice and when we defrosted him—”
Steve rested his hand around the back of Tony’s shoulder, pulling him closer. “Well this wasn’t such a bad breakup.”
He took Steve’s hand carefully. It was warmer than Tony had expected. Tony swallowed as he studied Steve’s face. Not sure if it was directed to Helen or Steve, he said, “I know you can…”
To Tony’s surprise, Steve burst out laughing, letting his head fall back and clutching Tony’s hand to his chest.
Steve reached down to take Tony’s hand and placed it on the side of his waist, just below the hem of his shirt, holding it there and rubbing it back and forth.
Tony got it. He did. But despite his best efforts not to, he must have looked hurt, because Steve added more gently, "I'll see you soon, and I'll want that kiss when I do. Stay safe."
Tony looked up abruptly as Steve looked directly at him. “No, I mean, I uh…we all experimented a bit in college, right?”
After her fever had passed, she had become even sicker with nausea and vomiting and pain until the poison left her body. Tony knew that it would be even worse for Steve. Wanda had merely inhaled the poison. But she had recovered completely, and that meant they’d all be okay. Everything would be okay. Steve could recover from this.
One long deep kiss and Tony was in a place where all he could think about was Steve's lips inches from his own. Steve breathed deeply and rested his forehead against Tony’s. Tony could stay in this moment forever, thumb brushing across Steve’s cheek.
Bucky glared at Tony. “No. I’m saying it would bother me if he started dating a guy and didn’t tell me about it, because I'm his best friend. We tell each other everything. We look out for each other no matter what.” He let out a sigh. “Plus I’d want to make sure the
Sam frowned, raising his eyebrows. “Well you’re not wrong.” He slapped Steve on the back and winked.
Sam came to get Steve in the morning. Tony had just finished shaving and come out of the bathroom when Sam turned to him.
Tony raised her eyebrows, feeling a bit of a blush on her cheeks. “Really? You and me?” She shook her head. “
Steve shook his head and smiled before walking away. Wanda came in, placing her glass on the counter quietly.
There was so much red and Tony sat up, breathing hard. It was a dream, he reminded himself, it was just a dream. He was still seeing red. His arms were shaking as he pushed down the sheet drenched in his sweat and got unsteadily to his feet. He staggered to the bathroom and collapsed against the sink without turning on the light, and felt tears streaming down his face.
“Captain Rogers, please be careful,” Helen begged. “I know it's dangerous for you to stay here, but told you I didn’t want to release you yet. You’re still very weak.”
Anger flared in Tony’s chest, pulling him back to full consciousness. Is that why Steve picked up? “I didn’t kidnap her.”
"God, I've never wanted to kiss you as badly as I did just now," Tony muttered, leaning back, feeling giddy with adrenaline. "Who knew punching undead Nazis into smithereens made you look this
Steve snorted. “Do you remember what you said to me…” He looked up at Tony. “You were ready to give your life to stop me. You—”
Carol glanced at him, her previous levity gone. Furys message to her had just come in moments before. "Trust me, you're going to want to hear this."
“We’re fighting a war, Stark,” Steve said, and he sounded genuinely confused. “People have been trying to kill me since I made it clear that I value freedom over
Steve blushed a little at the compliment. “Nat’s been playing with Miles. She thinks she figured out more about his powers.”
By the time Miles’ bedtime came around, Tony figured he’d go to bed too. He promised Miles that they’d find the spider-bot and fix its programming tomorrow, and couldn’t help but grin at the excited look in Miles’ eyes.
Bucky looked up at Tony for a moment, and this time it was gratitude that showed in his eyes for just a moment, so brief Tony almost thought he was seeing things.
." So Tony had, and none of his dirtiest fantasies had lived up to it, not even close. Not with Steve gasping in his ear, arching back, groaning his name so loud Tony felt it like a warm vibration in his chest, his leg hooked over Tony's shoulder. Not when they kissed and panted against each other's mouths with each thrust of Tony's hips, and Steve put his hand over Tony's heart and Tony thought
"I'm assuming we all want to go fight Red Skull, but we're going to need a team that can move quickly in and out, and we can't leave this place undefended," Natasha pointed out. "We can't all be part of this one. Steve and Bucky, you have a personal stake in this. Same with Wanda and Pietro. Who else?"
The first contact they had with Hydra went swiftly. Wanda grabbed a handful of men with a lasso of red magic and smashed them into the wall, reaching around the entire area to trap even the sound of the impact from escaping. Pietro was a blur around the corner. Natasha quickly advanced into the next corridor, motioning them to follow.
“Rooms…so far away,” Clint muttered. He had collapsed on the couch. The Hulk was passed out on the living room floor. Thor was snoring next to him. Natasha hopped over the back of the couch and squeezed in next to Clint.
--and the friction between their bodies felt too incredible to stop. Steve pulled Tony down into another deep, wonderful kiss and then rolled his head back and gasped his name as he came between their stomachs. Tony didn’t last after that, not when he was looking down at Steve looking like this. Not when Steve was
Steve gave him a confused look and turned away, sighing as he slumped over the edge of the boxing ring.
"We're not taking any chances," Steve replied grimly. No one said the unspoken thing-- if the Infinity Stone could alter reality by manipulating time around Pietro, it could definitely return Bucky to an earlier state. "I'm covering you, pal. No arguments."
“Still think he hates you? I wouldn’t pile blankets on someone I hated unless I was trying to, I don’t know, smother them?”
Sam smiled broadly and shook his head. “You guys make a cute couple though.” He raised his mug at them, smirking.
"Where were you hiding, Captain?" Red Skull hissed, whirling to Steve as Natasha held him in place. "We looked everywhere."
Eve folded her arms across her chest. “That’s right. And you don’t look too good. Have you let anyone look at those scrapes since the battle?”
“Steve,” Tony begged, his voice breaking a little, and something in his voice must have alerted Steve that something was wrong because he didn’t hang up. There was a silence. Tony swallowed. “The same people who took Wanda, they’re gonna try to kill you—I don’t know how, I don’t know when, I just know they’re going to and you’ve gotta—you can’t—I don’t know how—”
"Hey, let's at least take some time to make a plan there first, pal," Bucky added. "He has an Infinity Stone after all. Which is terrible news by the way. And it explains how the fuck he’s still alive."
Tony cleared his throat and glanced at Steve. “That’s a good question. Uh…well, I think it’s honesty really.” He saw the small blush begin to form on Steve’s cheeks. “It’s definitely honesty. If there’s one thing I love about Steve it’s that he’s always honest.” He flashed a grin at the reporter and then glanced at Steve with a flick of his eyebrows. “Honesty is the best policy, right sweetheart? You know Steve, he’s the most trustworthy guy anyone could wish for,” Tony finished, turning back to the reporter. “Captain America and all that.”
It was a miracle that Tony made it through the battle in one piece, not because it was actually difficult fighting the aliens, but because his brain had short-circuited and he couldn’t focus on anything. They fought all night into the early morning and Tony’s head was swimming with sleep deprivation and confusion and giddiness.
Tony breathed out a sigh, and looked away, and so it caught him by surprise when Steve’s arms were around him suddenly. Steve hugged him gently, arms resting on his back, and Tony let his face fall down onto Steve’s shoulder.
“I want pancakes,” Natasha called, sitting behind Thor on the couch and beginning to braid his hair. “With syrup!”
“You were harboring a brainwashed lethal assassin who had been bent on killing you,” Tony pointed out without a hint of humor, although he thought maybe in some other situation this would be funny.
He looked up through his tears to see Steve, alive and unharmed. Tony processed this slowly as if through a fog.
Tony squeezed Steve’s shoulder. “What about Peggy? She liked you from the moment she saw you. At least someone has good taste.”
Fury shook his head as he walked back inside and muttered under his breath, “Took you motherfuckers long enough.”
“But the last thing you told me was that you were adopting a kid, and that Steve wanted to adopt him with you but I didn’t think—”
Tony’s life changed the moment he found Steve in the ice. He would remember that day for the rest of his life. Over the years Steve had become his teammate, partner and best friend, and something else that there was no word for, but for the longest time he didn’t want to admit it even to himself. Ultimately he couldn’t lie to himself about it any longer, when he looked at Steve and felt that ache in his chest. It was the one thing he couldn’t tell anyone, not even his best friend.
“Don’t worry, we’ll get this sorted out. I’m just really excited to meet Miles when I’m back on the east coast.”
“Hey, Cap,” Tony said, looking up as Steve and Sam came in. “Sam. How was the run?” He walked into the kitchen with them, poking Steve in the ribs and then leaning back on the counter.
Steve raised his eyebrows, looking down at Tony’s mouth and grinning. He kissed Tony briefly and rested his forehead against Tony’s.
Steve started to hang out in Tony’s lab, and he brought his sketchbook like he used to. It wasn’t every day, but he was there so often Tony assumed it was him when he heard the door open.
And despite all that, how hard it had been for Steve to apologize, how long it had taken for him to acknowledge there might be
Steve got to his feet on the other side of the bed, rubbing a hand over his forehead. “I just can’t do this.”
"Bottom line, I'm not making decisions without your guys’ input. We'll work together and figure things out," Tony said. "If you'll take me at my word."
And there were civilians, Tony realized through a haze. Where had they come from? He heard yelling and then a swarm of men converged around Steve and grabbed him by the arms. Steve tried to throw them off, but these were just regular men, and Tony realized Steve was trying not to hurt them. They had no armor, no weapons. Steve stared down at Tony, his jaw set, his chest heaving, and then abruptly his shoulders dropped and he stood straighter as if a sudden calm had come over him. He turned and Tony saw that the men had tied his hands behind his back.
Steve breathed out and looked down, but then reluctantly met Tony’s eyes. Slowly, his eyes flickered down to Tony’s lips and then back up. Tony’s head was buzzing, and he wasn’t sure he wasn’t hallucinating 100% of this. Before he lost all his resolve, he leaned up and kissed Steve on the mouth.
Jesus. No wonder the poison had been powerful. Tony was in awe of Steve's recovery and Helen's antidote all over again.
then hit send, unable to stop the spring in his step as he walked to the door. It would have seemed impossible to confess those words years ago, but now it was second nature, and his heart felt so much lighter for it. They had earned this. No more secrets.
Tony woke up in the early morning. Natasha was gone. Steve had rolled over on his side, breathing shallowly. Tony got up to get some water, and when he came back, Steve was awake.
“What he said,” Sam murmured, smiling slightly, and Steve started coughing, lifting an arm weakly to his mouth before Helen quickly gave him a cup of water.
Cap’s forces were getting the better of Tony’s. It was taking both Clint and Bucky to beat Natasha. There was a gash on Sam’s forehead, but he had trapped Vision and was holding him back. Rhodey was nowhere to be seen. Neither was the kid, but he never was easy to spot. Carol was still facing off against T’Challa and he couldn’t find Jan in the crowd. And everywhere, utter destruction--overturned cars, sparking electricity and rubble.
Tony got to his feet, his eyes flaring with anger. “No, I wasn’t. I was ready to let you kill me, there’s a difference.”
“I’ll be careful.” He turned back suddenly and sat beside the hospital bed. What if this was the last time?
“Of course you can, honey,” Tony said with a grin, kneeling down and hugging Miles. Steve knelt down too and put his arms around both of them. “And you can be as loud as you want. Just so long as you go to bed on time.”
“What else would you call me, buddy?” Tony asked, turning over. Steve opened his eyes and sat up, looking perfectly awake and well-rested as always. And gorgeous. Tony rubbed his eyes grumpily.
Steve set his shield down on the ground and sat down below the overhang. “I know you don’t know me, but I lost my parents when I was young, just like you.” He glanced back at Tony and held up his hand, gesturing for them to stay back. “I know what you’re going through. I want to help.”
Steve rolled over on top of him, and Tony could feel how hard he was, his erection pressing against Tony's groin. Tony slid hands down his back, and Steve arched against him and groaned at the touch.
Tony really couldn’t imagine life without Miles. After a long, brutal training session, the Avengers were never too tired to play with him, run around with him and chase him, or in Tony’s case, fight a valiant but losing battle against his tiny opponent while Steve or Rhodey called out advice on how to beat “Iron Man.” It was as if Miles had been there all along, and Tony sometimes wished that he had been so that the he never would have seen the violence that Galactus unleashed on New York.
“Well, we can’t be sure,” she murmured. “It might be best to take him someplace safe, especially since we don’t yet know who was behind the assassination attempt.”
Sam and Bucky exchanged a glance and Bucky turned away to hide his face, pacing back and forth in front of the door.
“You’ve got a lot of uncles now, kiddo. I’m Rhodey,” Rhodey explained. He got down on one knee and held out his hand. Over his initial shyness, the boy bypassed the handshake and went in for a hug instead, then frowned up at him. “Where’s the cool armor?”
Because really, kissing Steve was every bit as incredible as Tony had thought it would be in those moments of weakness where he had allowed himself some dirty fantasies. Once Steve got him back in bed, Tony went right back to it. Steve's hands were in his hair and Tony's hands were on Steve's throat and chest and pushing up his shirt, and he didn't want to take his hands of Steve even for a second. They had lost so much time already. Steve cupped Tony's face in his hands, making a sound of relief like a groan into Tony's mouth that made Tony's dizzy with arousal.
“I want to own up to my side of this, like you have for yours.” His lip trembled as he looked anywhere that wasn’t Tony. “Maybe Nat was right. There’s more than enough blame to go around.” He paused. His eyes were so red, it felt like a stab to the gut every time Tony looked at him.
"He was with his team," Tony called across the room, rolling his eyes. "Ever think of that?" He did a scan of the rest of the building just in case, but infrared was negative. It seemed they had drawn all the attention they'd be getting--for now. He didn't want to take chances. Pietro doubled over and breathed like he'd just run ten miles.
Steve groaned and rubbed his face with his hands. Clint cackled as he walked past with his cereal and Sam grabbed the newspaper from Steve.
There had been so many battles, Tony had lost count at this point. It was familiar now, seeing Steve like this. What wasn’t familiar was how badly he was losing this time around.
Tony helped Steve to his feet and to the kitchen. He didn’t need to rely on him quite as much this time, but when they got to the table, Steve looked slightly ill.
Tony lifted Steve’s hand from the side of his waist where it was pressed. Steve winced as Tony lifted up the hem of his shirt.
“Morning, sleepy head,” Tony replied, wiggling his arm out from under Steve, but Steve turned over on top of him to stop him from moving.
Carol pointed out that even if they put some regulations on unlicensed weapons technology, whoever had tried to assassinate Steve had infiltrated the police force. If the Avengers wanted accountability they couldn't do it blindly. They couldn't trust that they were always working with the right people. They couldn't always act within the law if the law was enforced by people dangerous to them.
“Over here!” Sam called. Steve leapt over the side of the block of stone in front of him and Hulk followed, smashing a path for himself. Clint hopped after him.
“Oh, no, that’s alright, sorry to bother you,” the woman replied, biting her lip. She smiled and waved at Miles, who was now hiding behind Tony’s leg.
“Recently married,” Tony explained. “Private ceremony. You know, that kind of thing. I’m sorry, we don’t have time to answer a lot of questions—”
Steve looked at him in shock and sudden understanding, the color fading from his cheeks. Tony turned and walked out of the room.
Steve smiled. “Better after getting some fresh air and a run. Sometimes you can’t punch everything out.”
Steve joined them, slamming another Hydra agent away with his shield, and Bucky knelt in cover near them, sniping off a man climbing over the rubble.
“Hey, buddy,” Tony said suddenly. “How would you like to come down to the lab with me? When you’re finished?”
Tony turned back to Steve, trying not to laugh, but it was difficult with Sam cackling behind him. “And you know what else you didn’t do? You never took me on a honeymoon.”
With an eye on Pietro, he said through the comms, "Wanda, I want you to hold onto the Stone. In case we get attacked again, you’re the strongest. Room's clear."
Steve grabbed him and shielded from rubble falling as Red Skull demolished the rest of the wall behind them. The building shuddered on its foundations.
“Yeah, I do,” Eve murmured, looking up into Tony’s eyes. She raised an eyebrow. “Besides, you said a stick-in-the-mud like me could be a good influence.”
“We can’t just put him up for adoption,” Natasha said firmly. “There’s no guarantee he would even be adopted. Do you know what those agencies are like?”
With the last of her energy, she balled a red mass of energy in her hands. As she collapsed to her knees, she raised her arms and sent the energy coursing upwards through the ceiling, surging and crackling, and screamed as the last of the energy sapped from her and she fell unconscious on the floor.
Thor knelt and put down his hammer, lifting his hands over his head. “I can tell I would not stand a chance against you, little Spiderman.”
When Tony pushed his shirt up, Steve arched his back with a groan, head falling back on the pillows. Tony was kissing his neck in an instant, one hand massaging the muscles on Steve's chest, the other reaching down to palm him through his sweatpants. Steve made a low strangled sound, grinding up into Tony's hand. He yanked Tony's shirt up his back to his ears, and then Tony was fumbling momentarily to pull it off and over his head, and then they were right back to it, Steve's fingers pulling at the roots of Tony's hair as they kissed.
Tony coughed, tasting blood. “I can’t,” he gasped. Steve was poised above him, face smudged with dirt and blood, fist still raised. He was so close Tony could see the beads of sweet on his brow, but so far away across the gulf of anger and hurt between them. “Kill me,” Tony said in a gasp, but Steve wasn’t listening to him anymore. He was looking around them, at the fires and crumbled buildings.
“Yes!” Peter leapt over to Miles. “Come on, little Spider-bro. We’re going to have a blast while the grown-ups are gone.”
Steve moved away from him suddenly, and Tony sprang away as if he had been struck, getting out of bed and backing away.
“This is fantastic!” Thor exclaimed. He hugged Peter, nearly popping the eyes right out of his head.
“This isn’t the kind my mama gets,” Miles said matter-of-factly when Steve sat down next to him on the couch with the bowl of cereal and a spoon.
I like that I implied that Tony is going to develop a quicker way to get out of and into his armor specifically because Steve wants to fuck him. I mean, IT SEEMS LEGIT
Helen showed him to a room next to Steve’s and he set Wanda down on the bed. Helen injected something into Wanda’s arm and the young woman sat up breathing heavily. Pepper hovered in the doorway.
“It’s not like that, really, it’s not. I swear to god. It’s just that Miles thought that we were, you know, married and Steve panicked and you know how impulsive he is and…now we’re stuck with it. He’d be so heartbroken if he thought we were splitting up, Pep—”
“S’okay,” Hulk grunted. He lumbered back to the edge of the rubble and sat down, causing a slight tremor. “But Hulk good babysitter.”
Tony was resting his head on his arms, parts of the Iron Man suit jumbled on the table in front of him. Since last night this was just going from bad to worse to terrible, and with Wanda accidentally seeing into his mind, he had no doubt about what she had seen there.
Steve opened his eyes again, tired, pale and drawn. He looked at Tony, as long and hard as he could, still holding his hand. It looked like just the effort exhausted him. “I’m tired of arguing. Don’t argue with me on this.”
Steve smiled slightly, shrugging his shoulders, his voice light again. "Hacking an old man out of a block of ice doesn't sound that fun. I think we can top it. What do you say?"
The wind was blowing over the water, bringing the fresh scent of the ocean. Couples were out enjoying the sunshine, and children were playing down on the beach below.
Tony noticed Jan talking to Steve the next day. After she said something he had hugged her a bit weakly, and then Natasha had come over to talk to him too. She was cautious, and didn’t push him, she just showed him that she was there, and Tony saw how much Steve had missed her. He tried not to wonder if Steve had missed him too.
Steve pulled his shirt over his head and Tony quickly disposed of his as well. He pulled Steve back into his arms, and ran his hands up Steve’s back and through his hair as they kissed. He kissed the side of Steve’s neck, and Steve sighed, his hands on Tony’s shoulders. Kisses down Steve’s chest earned more favorable noises.
He was pacing back and forth in front of the window. Finally he hung up the phone after saying a brief thank you. He looked pale and exhausted. “Police confirmed that his mother Rio Morales died in the attack. Miles’ father Jefferson Davis is listed as missing.”
Sam and Bucky set Steve up in the room he used to sleep in. Everyone was there now, but it didn’t feel like it used too—it was tense. It was strange. Tony disappeared to his lab, knowing very well that he was just avoiding the problem.
"I agree, we can't let him get away. But what about the poison?" Wanda asked. "Shouldn't we take precautions to protect you from being exposed to it again?"
It wasn’t normal after that, far from it, but things were more comfortable between them. Not just Tony and Steve, but the whole team—if that’s something they still were.
It was strange to remember. So much had changed since then, for all of them, and it made him think if they could get through this they could get through anything. This first mission as a team was proof of what they'd rebuilt since the end of their Civil War. Natasha's words echoed in his mind: we've got to hold onto this with everything we've got.
Tony shrugged and tried not to roll his eyes. He really didn't feel like doing this today. "Whiskey."
The photo was a little fuzzy, but the man in it was unmistakable--with gaunt, red skin and hollow eyes. The Time Stone glowed green on his finger.
Wanda winced, turning her head away. The flood of memories and feelings hit her in no particular order, all coalescing into one jarring moment of pain.
Their training session eventually devolved into playing with Miles, who insisted on fighting all of them. He went after Thor, who collapsed on his back and made a show of trying to fend off his tiny opponent but to no avail.
“I mean, I’d rest easier at night if I knew you were being protected by more than a tin can,” Steve teased, and Tony just shook his head.
“—African-American, about five years old,” Steve was saying. “Yeah, he said it was Morales. Anyone under that name?”
Steve clenched his jaw. “You know just as well as I do that people in our line of work can’t make it work with civilians.”
“I don’t think he knew he could do it before yesterday. It’s like what Jan does, when she stings you. Has she ever accidentally stung you?”
Bucky set the glass down, still filled with ice. "Metabolism. Whiskey doesn't do much for me since the war."
Natasha’s brow drew down as she looked down at her hands. Tony knew she had been trying to fix her mistakes, doing what she thought was the right thing. And now they were on the other side, looking back. Regret was too weak a word for what Tony and Natasha felt, not when they had fought for redemption for so long just to see everything they had wanted fall apart. What did they say again? The road to hell was paved with good intentions. How come the better his intentions, the more he tried to take responsibility, the worse it all got?
Tony shook his head. Rhodey exchanged a glance with Pepper and then said, “We’ll see you tomorrow.” He put a hand on Tony’s shoulder and squeezed it.
Tony grumbled but couldn’t help smiling, especially when a tiny spidersuited Avenger ran into his arms.
Steve’s brow furrowed in pain, and after an agonizing moment he finally pulled away. “I can’t do this,” he whispered.
Tony put all the remaining energy into his repulsors and soared into the sky, dropping down in front of Steve and blocking his path.
Steve bit his lip. "I thought, maybe, if you were...you know, if there was a chance you were into guys, I thought taking my shirt off when we train would be a good…strategy."
Tony looked around, remembering where he was, and breathed out a sigh. Steve slowly pulled him back into his arms and Tony didn’t stop him.
“Shirt. Off,” she murmured, and Eve lifted the offending garment over her head. Tony squeezed Eve’s shoulders and slid her palms down Eve’s chest. Eve had about the taste in sports bras that Tony expected. No one should look this good in what was probably army regulation wear. Eve moaned, hands clenched on Tony’s shoulders as Tony squeezed the sides of her abs.
Steve leaned in and pressed his mouth to Tony’s again, running his hand through Tony’s hair. “That’s alright,” he said with a smirk. “I didn’t really think through getting us fake-married in the first place.”
"Bucky, we don't want you getting hit with the Stone," Natasha said, grimacing as she threw her opponent to Steve, who punched him with his shield. "After Pietro, we don't know what it could do."
Rhodey opened the door. “Glad to see you’re awake.” He shook his head, silent for a moment. "You had me really worried."
Steve stopped and was silent for a moment. “Hey,” Tony murmured, wrapping his arms around Steve’s shoulders. Steve smiled, wiping away his tears angrily.
"I can't think of a better way to make me feel better, can you?" Steve countered, and it sounded like a challenge.
“No, it’s okay, I’ll get it,” Steve replied, letting go of Tony slowly. Tony dropped his arms immediately, but Steve seemed reluctant to get up.
“Tired from your workout or got some energy left?” Tony murmured, sliding her hands down over Eve’s ass. Eve groaned and Tony leaned in and kissed her open mouth. “My room’s on the floor up from this one,” Tony added breathlessly. “I’ve got no plans for the rest of the day if--”
“Maybe not,” Steve replied, standing. “But if going forward is our only option, I’d rather have you by my side.”
“No, I…uh…” Tony crumpled towards Steve and Steve immediately pulled him closer. Tony felt something in him collapse at the sheer relief of having his arms around him again. Steve’s shirt front was totally soaked with tears now.
Tony’s eyes widened and Steve blushed. “Hey, uh, Miles, just let me talk to your dad for a second, okay?”
Tony bit his lip and tried not to smile. Rhodey caught his eye and raised his eyebrows in that same “looks like someone has a crush” face that he would make back when they were in college together. Tony groaned.
“Yeah, whatever he did must’ve taken a lot out of him.” Tony gently pressed the icepack to Steve’s side and held it there. “Relax, Cap. Just lie back.”
“Slacker? I trained a little bit,” Clint complained, but Natasha just looked over and shook her head.
Tony looked down. “I wasn’t…thinking about what you wanted, or-or what I meant to you—or what you would do. I was just asking for you to end it,” he said quietly. “And I really thought you were going to. I really did.”
Tony looked down, anywhere but at Sam and Bucky, and Natasha’s lips quirked into a small smile. She said under her breath, “At least there’s one thing that can still unite us.”
“I know. I know a lot of guys with a body like mine would probably have slept around a lot. It’s just…I knew how women looked at me before the serum, and I knew how they looked at me after. As for men…it was a while before I realized that was something I wanted.”
“C’mere.” Tony motioned for Steve to follow him. He led Steve to Miles’ room and pushed the door open. “Just look at him.”
Tony knew that Steve must have felt the serum weaken—he had felt himself begin to fade away. Tony had thought that there was no way he could live, but Steve probably known it in a way that couldn’t have felt more certain. Tony knew exactly how it felt to face that cold inevitability: when Stane had ripped out his arc reactor and left him paralyzed on the floor, he had been helpless, sure he would die there.
"This a case of good cop bad cop?" Tony asked, pointing at Bucky. "I get why Sam is the good cop. Handsome, funny, doesn't sneak up on people."
He couldn't help but think how powerful this young woman was, to use so much magic under the effects of poison which was more like a bioweapon. He wondered if she'd been holding back during their confrontations. He wondered...how much worse things could have become if the war had lasted longer than it had.
That night they went back to sleeping next to each other without touching, and Tony missed the solid feeling of Steve in his arms and the warmth. It had been a while since he slept that well.
"I'm being serious. We're more than that, and you're the one who showed me. Not just by saving my life, but my staying here, even when things were tough. Love...was something I thought I could move on from, but I don't want to let this go. I'm sick of missing my chance. Don't you trust me?"
Rhodey appeared worried out of his mind and Tony had to placate him with reassurances this was about something that had nothing to do with being drunk, his health, his safety--
“It was after we found Bucky,” Steve said, with the hint of a smile. “I think your exact words were, ‘you’re one of the best and stupidest men I’ve ever known.’”
Steve rolled over in bed, throwing back the covers. “If you’re going to sleep in here every night you may as well sleep in the bed.”
After leaving the quinjet camouflaged, it was a short hike through the woods to the target location. Natasha was in the lead, taking them in the direction of the huge rundown sprawling building where they would find Red Skull.
Then something snapped inside him and he stood up again, whirling to look at Steve. “But you did, Steve. You hurt me…you hurt me so, so much. I wanted you to end it. But that doesn’t make it right."
Steve took Tony’s hand gently in his and Tony opened his eyes. He hastily withdrew his hand to wipe his eyes and then awkwardly placed it back in Steve’s.
At a point, Tony had never thought he'd get the chance to fight by Steve's side again. And here they were.
“What?! I thought you were just too mature to take the bait," Tony managed, staring at Steve in shock. Steve, in his bed, his lips pink from kissing, his shirt riding up over his hips--a virgin. Not that he could have ever actually known--that was one aspect of Steve's life that he had always kept private, no matter how close they got. But Tony had assumed.
“And I mean, I may not be green anymore, but I still feel really angry about how people are taking the news.”
“You need medical attention,” she whispered, her hand light on his shoulder, and he just crumpled beneath it.
want to talk. He looked down, squaring his jaw. “I’m sorry, Tony, I don’t want to make things weird. It’s just—”
“You gotta work on your spider sense,” Natasha pointed out, tapping the side of Peter’s head before she joined Steve on the couch.
“Of course your kid has an Uncle Sam, mister happened-to-be-born-on-the-4th-of-July.” Sam raised his eyebrows at Steve and picked Miles up and spun him around, beaming at him. “By the way I’m the cool uncle,” he added, putting Miles up on his shoulders.
Carol was sure they’d find something soon, but Tony wondered if she was just being optimistic for his benefit. He felt like they were running in circles, all while Hydra was out there with a weapon that could kill Steve with one bullet. There was no way Tony could accept that.
Steve began to eat more, and he had more energy, but he was frequently out of breath as his body continued to fight the remaining poison. He had a fever that came and went. He insisted that he didn’t need anyone to watch him at night, but Tony stayed anyway—from what he could gather Steve’s health had been a nightmare before the serum, and that meant he wasn’t going to stop worrying about him until he was 100% normal again.
Tony felt his lips trembling. He cleared his throat. "I know I have blood on my hands. So much. I don't want the government telling us what to do anymore than you do-- telling us we can't protect people we want to protect. But there are others like us out there, and they don't all have your good intentions. I don't think regulating that is a bad thing. Do you still think the safest hands are our own, when we can do things like this to each other?"
Steve turned his head to look at Tony, and Tony felt his insides turn over. He was looking at him with a gratitude he hadn’t thought possible, but there was an undercurrent of confusion and doubt.
Tony had fallen asleep on his work table in his lab. He woke with a start. It was dark, and he was disoriented. When he opened the door to Steve’s room, Sam looked up, bleary eyed, from the chair by his bed. He got up quietly, coming to stand by the door.
Sam soared in front of Red Skull, keeping Skull's eyes off Natasha as Wanda held him with her magic. Natasha swug herself into position and immediately dropped from the ceiling onto Red Skull's shoulders, wrapping a cord around his neck.
They had always argued, but back then they were teammates and it didn’t matter. He didn’t know when it happened, but they had become friends, too. Steve never asked if he could come into the lab with his sketchbook, he just did. He’d been so withdrawn those first few years out of the ice, but seemed to find comfort in the routine they’d created. Tony had only ever used the couch to hold extra parts for his suit and a thousand other projects, so of course he had to clear it off. Steve would sit there and watch Tony work. And somewhere along the line, strange as it was, Steve had changed from his teammate to his friend. It got to be comfortable, and normal, and something more than Tony was willing to admit to himself, until it…just stopped.
Tony raised her eyebrows, taken aback. After a moment she replied, “Not one to make the sacrifice play, remember?”
Tony felt the prick of tears behind his eyes and shut his eyes tightly until it went away. He looked up at Steve coldly. “I got you killed. I didn’t almost get you killed—you were dead. You
“He’s fine,” Bucky reassured Steve. “Everybody’s fine. Stark found Wanda and she’s okay, too.” He looked up at Tony and this time he wasn’t glaring daggers. That was a start.
He huddled down against the couch as if he could bury his feelings in it. The unsettled feeling in the pit of his stomach was worse now, and he turned onto his side and breathed raggedly. A panic attack, now, really? He fumbled for his phone, hesitated for a moment, and then dialed.
“I just wanted to make sure you’re okay,” she said, holding him by the arms, looking at him closely, and Tony squirmed as usual under her attention.
Steve let out a small laugh. “Maybe you should.” Tony felt the tension in his chest begin to melt at the sound of Steve’s laugh--God, it had been so long since he heard it sound this genuine.
the drink. He swallowed that feeling, feeling it settle down warm and fizzy into his chest and send tingles out to the ends of his limbs.
Tony thought they’d go back to just lying side by side, except that later that night Steve wrapped Tony’s arms around him again. And the night after that, and the night after that.
“Of course, Tony,” Jan said with a sigh, pursing her lips. “But you know I don’t think it’s me you have to worry about—”
“When I woke up in this era, I had no one, I had nothing,” Steve went on, his voice catching in his throat. “You gave me a purpose, somewhere to belong…you gave me a home.” The words slowly sunk in, and Tony turned to look at him. He searched Steve’s eyes, trying to find some catch. Steve looked back across the divide between them. “Don’t you know that?”
“Because I don’t understand what happened,” Steve shot back, folding his arms. “You would have done anything to stop me before.”
“Is that guy even real,” Rhodey muttered. Tony could tell by the way Wanda and Pietro were standing close together that the name inspired real fear and hatred in them.
Tony felt a small body squeeze itself in between him and Steve and cracked one eye open. “Huh? Miles?”
Steve put his hands on his hips with a smirk, and Tony tried not to stare at the way his tight shirt clung to his chest. “Okay, you’re on.”
But mostly, as he lay his head on top of Wanda's, he thought about how the woman in his arms was brave and powerful enough that she had saved Tony's whole world.
The rest of the Avengers filed into the room, and Tony waited by the door for Steve. When he appeared, he took Tony's hand and squeezed it. "Whatever this is, we'll deal with it together."
It was difficult to pull himself out of bed the next morning, not because he was tired, but because getting up meant getting out of a bed that had Steve in it. Tony grumbled as he made his way to the bathroom.  Steve was up only a few minutes later looking refreshed and well-rested as usual, brushing his teeth next to Tony as if it was the most natural thing in the world, and Tony figured he should get used to it.
“And it was a blast,” Tony added, spinning around and gesturing with a wrench at Eve. “Let’s do it again some time.”
She flew up to the concrete hanging overhead as Tony flipped down his faceplate again. They saw her land on the underside of the building, holding on to the edge of a window next to the invisible boy.
After a long day, Tony fell asleep on the couch in between Nat and Rhodey watching Miles’ favorite cartoon. The rest of the Avengers were somewhere else in the tower, except Hulk, who Miles had chosen as his large green pillow of choice.
When he and Steve were finally alone Tony leaned in and kissed his cheek, pulling away slowly and watching the smile spread on Steve's face.
Steve nodded. “Okay. If it gets too late though, I’m going to come and get you, and I’m more than capable of carrying you out of there by force if I need to.”
“That’s good." Steve rested his face against Tony's hair, and Tony held onto the feeling of closeness like a lifeline as he was overcome with exhaustion.
“Aww, that’s terrifying,” Clint said half-heartedly as he stared into his cup of coffee. “Now there are three spider-people.”
"I can’t believe this whole time you were flirting with me," Steve interrupted, glancing down at Tony's lips and biting his own.
Natasha fought back to back with Tony. "He's trying to get Bucky," she muttered. "Look at how he's fighting, moving constantly away from Wanda in Bucky's direction."
. Like he had her old partner back, or could at least glimpse a future where they'd trust each other again. And it was the first time Tony had seen her like this in months.
“Well I guess it wasn’t a huge mistake after all,” Tony grumbled, smiling back at him. "Maybe you should make more mistakes, like maybe you should forget to wear a shirt, or--"
Tony had just arrived back at the hospital with Wanda in his arms when Pepper appeared down the hallway. It was the first time he had seen her in a long time—since they had ended it, he realized. He came to meet her, lifting the faceplate, and she put a hand on his arm gently. “I heard what happened. I came right away.”
“Why are you here? If you can’t forgive me—are—are you shutting me out because you can’t forgive me?”
When he was finished working he suited up. The analysis of the poison had been successful. After that, it was just a matter of tracking sales of its components and matching them with sales of the materials used to make the bullet that had been left on the courthouse steps. There weren’t a lot of substances that could pierce bullet-proof armor. Black market deals of vibranium used to be Tony’s area, so that wasn’t a problem.
His phone buzzed seconds later as he was climbing into the back of the jet-- it was a too-close picture of Thor smiling, behind him a chaotic battle, and the caption "
Miles was still hiding behind Tony. “This is our son Miles,” Tony explained, and he couldn’t help but smile, looking down at the little boy clinging to him. Steve squeezed Tony’ shoulder, a little gesture of support.
Steve’s brows furrowed slightly and he turned to Tony. He cupped the side of Tony’s head and leaned in to press a kiss to his cheek. Tony’s heart raced. “What the FUCK, Steve,” he whispered into Steve’s ear, and Steve kicked him under the table.
Sam glanced at Steve. He was focused on Bucky and Nat, who were now in the middle of a grappling match at insane speeds.
So he was picturing Tony's bloodied face below him on the battlefield as he begged for Steve to end it all. Tony pulled him closer, curling his arm around his back and squeezing his shoulder, burying his face in his hair. He held Steve as tight as he could, squeezing his eyes shut. He wanted to say,
"What's wrong, Cap?" Tony asked softly, trying not to panic. Sleeping in the same bed had become habit for them, but now that things had changed--now that Steve had kissed him and they'd casually talked about spending the rest of their lives together--what if it was moving too fast? It wasn't for Tony--he was willing to put all his chips down on this one and not look back.
Sam and Bucky stared at him in shock, and Steve, too, his confusion showing through his exhaustion. But Natasha didn’t even blink. Tony realized distantly that she had probably been hoping, even expecting he would do this—she wasn’t willing to keep going down this path that had brought so much devastation any more than he was. At least she wasn’t disappointed in him too.
“So did you hear, they struck down the SRA?” he asked, not because he was trying to change the subject—maybe a little bit—but because he wanted to hear her opinion. “Too much trouble defining what it means to be superhuman.”
She raised her eyebrows in surprise. “Oh. Well, it’s…it’s just something I started doing recently.” She brushed her blonde hair behind her ear. “I guess it’s important to me to tell the stories no one else can.”
"Impossible!" Red Skull snapped. "The Avengers were divided, split into factions, weakened--the perfect time to strike!"
“I figured out why our little Spiderman alarm clock didn’t come in to wake us up today,” Tony said as he jumped back into bed. “He’s still asleep.”
“Another thing I don’t understand, is why you just gave up,” Steve said suddenly, and Tony could tell he wasn’t going to let this go.
It killed him to see Steve like this, but at the same time, he had never imagined a week ago that he’d be sitting here at Steve’s bedside, watching him wake up—that he’d be alive and okay.
He must have been staring after Steve for a long time. Carol had come into the kitchen and paused, looking at Tony’s vacant expression. She put her arms around his shoulders, squeezing him slightly. She didn’t say anything, and Tony relaxed against her.
Steve was gasping for air now, and Tony hastily leaned over and grabbed his inhaler from the bedside table.
He stiffened involuntarily, trying to shake the thoughts away. Steve stirred in response, arching his back as he stretched. The sleepy moan he let out made Tony almost choke.
Sam and Steve both loaded up plates full of food. Steve hung back after Sam went to sit down, glancing at Tony. “You in the lab all day?” he asked quietly.
Steve flipped him over on his back, his face just an inch from Tony's. "No more jokes. Just because you've had a little bit too much practice in this area--"
Which of course meant that Tony went after him, even though Bucky shook his head like maybe that was a bad idea. Well, Tony apparently loved bad ideas.
Steve exhaled and turned over on his side so Tony could hold the icepack in place. Tony rested his head on Steve’s shoulder. “So what happened?”
“No.” Tony was surprised by the belligerence in Steve’s voice. Steve turned against Tony, putting his other arm around his shoulders, and Tony felt him breathe out a sigh. “No,” he heard Steve whisper again. And then, quietly, “Please don’t leave.”
The factory was deserted except for the guards she had already eliminated. These weren’t Tony’s people, Wanda realized, looking down at one man she had knocked unconscious with a dart of red magic. If they were they would have been paid better, she thought, breathing out a humorless laugh. Of all the things Tony Stark was, he wasn’t stingy with his money. She could tell by the simple uniform and cheap shoes that these guys were working for someone else. That and the fact that something about the darkened factory made the hair at the back of her neck stand on end. What was going on here?
"Tony." Rhodey moved closer, placing a hand in Tony's shoulder. "I'm glad you texted me. Now will you tell me what this is about? Please? It's okay. You know you can tell me anything and I'm always on your side, no matter what.
“Dad, Pops, who is the big warrior? Is he friendly? Is he an enemy?” Miles pulled on his mask and got into a fighting stance.
She lifted a hand hesitantly. Clint slowly reached out to take it, and then placed his other hand around it, his shoulders slumping down.
Steve was handcuffed and pushed out of the car. He didn’t struggle, just looked straight ahead with a grim expression as he walked up the steps. He had knowingly turned himself over to these people, these faceless men in black. For a split second, there was hesitation between the guards—some sort of communication between them as they stepped back from him and then a gunshot sent Steve staggering forward onto the stone steps. Blood was pooling under him—more and more blood. A surge of people gathered around him, and one of the guards turned him onto his back and felt his neck—no pulse. He lay there still and cold and bloody. There was blood all around him, bright red. Blood on his mouth.
It took a few times, Tony watching Steve's face worriedly. Steve lay back down on the pillows, exhausted. “Tony—” he started.
“You okay?” he asked quietly, looking at Tony’s red eyes, clearly seeing something familiar reflected there.
His hands were shaking. His throat burned. He looked over at Steve in the darkness and then turned to get out of bed, the suit crumpling to the floor in pieces. He went to the bathroom and sat down next to the bathtub, finally letting tears spill down his face.
Miles reached up and grabbed one of the muffins from the counter and took a huge bite. “Mmmff, can I have another one?”
“It’s okay to miss her,” Tony whispered. “And you should come talk to us about this whenever you want. Captains orders.” Steve nodded and wrapped his arms around both of them, resting his chin on the top of Miles’ head.
Steve looked at him, and Tony couldn’t tell what he was thinking. “So what you’re telling me,” Steve started quietly, “is I don’t get a say? That we’re done?”
“I wouldn’t hurt you,” Steve said, voice quiet, and Tony finally sat down, burying his face in his hands.
They fell into silence, catching their breath. Sam reached over and put a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “I just want to say, man, that I’m so glad you’re okay.” Steve looked up. “I didn’t wanna…bring it up before. I just wanted you to focus on getting better. But I want you to know, I-I couldn’t handle losing you. Not after Riley.” Sam dropped his hand, smiling through the pain written on his face.
“Adopting a kid might be the most normal thing we’ve ever done,” Steve muttered and Tony massaged his forehead. “And you’re my best friend,” Steve continued. “I trust you. I don’t want to do this without you.”
Tony looked down at the suit in his hands, and for a moment he was taken back to before the Superhuman Registration Act, before any of this had ever happened. What had gone so wrong? Well, that wasn’t a question he could answer now.
Rhodey pulled her into a tired hug. She looked at him worriedly. “We found a kid after the battle…he lost his parents,” he explained. “He’s sleeping in one of Tony’s extra rooms.”
“How did you sleep?” Steve asked quietly, and Tony tried not to laugh at the ridiculousness of the question.
Helen nodded. “If the bullet had struck his abdomen, he would have died instantly. As it is, the amount of poison from the bullet wound nearly killed him. He has no pulse. I’m not surprised they pronounced him dead. But after I analyzed the poison I found that it had anti-metabolic effects. They couldn’t neutralize the serum’s effects entirely, but they could weaken it. The poison only worked because it directly attacked the serum and his immune system.”
Turning around, he saw Pepper clap a hand over her mouth as she appeared in the doorway. Her plane apparently hadn’t been cancelled despite the alien invasion.
“Just because you fight doesn’t mean you are not brothers. I...would know.” She looked down briefly and then back up at Tony. “How is…how is Pietro? Does he hate me?” she whispered, and her eyes filled with tears.
Tony bit his lip. “I swear to god, it’s like you’re related to Steve. Don’t worry kid, you’re in the right place.” He held Miles at arms’ length. “But when I think about you, when you’re sixteen or seventeen or eighteen, going out into the field and being in danger—we’re going to put you through some tough training before that happens. No son of mine is going out there unprepared. And there’s really no rush. You’re so young, buddy.”
Sam walked directly to him and Tony half expected him to punch him hard across the face. Instead, Sam stopped in front of him and nodded.
“Part of being a superhero is eating a good breakfast,” Tony explained to Miles. “Have some eggs too.”
The warehouse the search led him too was empty on the first infrared scan, but on the second, he saw a faint signal near the northeast side.
up, I don’t care if Cap’s entire forces are attacking us. Make Carol or Jan take care of it. I’m beat,” Rhodey joked and Natasha gave a hollow laugh as she walked out of the room. He looked up at Tony, and Tony saw how tired he looked.
“I’ve known you the longest. When you got to be friends with Steve, and after you broke up with Pepper…I mean, you flirt with everyone but you really like flirting with him. Like…a lot.”
"How do you fight all the time without powers?" Pietro gasped as he punched someone in the face with a huge effort. "This
Steve grinned. “Poor Miles, he felt really bad about it. I told him about the time that Nat broke one of my fingers and he felt better after that.”
“Hey, it’s okay,” he whispered, resting his chin over the top of Miles’ head. Tony gritted his teeth as he felt tears sting his own eyes. He remembered exactly what it felt like after he lost his own mother. If there was one thing he could do, it was show Miles that he didn’t have to do this alone.
Tony fell silent. He realized he’d never feel about anyone the way he felt about Steve—he couldn’t. There just wasn’t any energy left in him to love someone like that, and now he didnt feel anything, just scar tissue toughening around his heart. For all the battles they’d fought and the arguments they’d had, Steve was never the enemy. If he had been an enemy it would’ve been easy to fight him, even to hate him. Instead, it was like a piece of his own heart had been torn out and could never be put back in.
In a rush he took off his helmet and crumpled against the edge of the table, and the tears finally streamed down his face. It was almost a relief. His hands shook on the side of the table. “After everything I’ve done, after everything we’ve been through together, not…”
"Alright, listen up, knuckleheads," Carol began, "this is the intel Fury sent me. He's been tracking the Time Stone for some months now. Before that, it's location was unknown for decades. Recently he tracked it's signature to this location in Virginia." She pointed to the screen. "Seemed to be an abandoned building. Or it did until they got this." She flipped to the next slide.
Tony snapped the faceplate closed. He could feel his teammates’ eyes on him. The last time they’d seen Tony and Steve fighting, it hadn’t been anything like this.
“We don’t want you to worry,” Steve started. “Your dad and I are just fine.” He took Tony’s hand and Tony stiffened slightly. Steve gripped him more firmly and gave him a look. “We just wanted you to know that everything’s fine. We’re not getting a divorce. It’s just that your Pops sleeps in a different bed sometimes…when he has to get up really early in the morning for a run.”
Pepper pursed her lips. “You didn’t have to tell me. I’m just…he’s perfect for you, Tony. I know you know that.”
He had to childproof his lab too, especially if Miles was going to be playing in there with him. He spent all day working and fell into bed late that night, regretting that Steve wasn’t lying there next to him this time.
Tony wrapped his arms around Miles. “I’m so sorry, buddy,” he whispered, feeling tears threatening behind his eyelids. Steve put his hand on Miles’ shoulder.
“How about me!” Natasha called from across the room. Bucky threw her a muffin and Clint rubbed his eyes blearily, peeling his face off the side of her shoulder.
Steve reached out a hand and Tony took it. “Deal.” He pulled Tony into a hug and Tony distantly heard the other Avengers cheering behind them. Then Steve pressed a kiss to his cheek, and Tony blushed hard, glancing over to see Rhodey grinning, and behind him, Natasha, Sam and Bucky exchanging pleased glances. Carol winked and gave him two thumbs up. Wanda was beaming at him.
“To a kid we’re just a bunch of scary guys in armor and masks. We need somebody small for this job if we don’t want to scare him away again,” Steve said, putting his hand on Tony’s shoulder. “It’s a good idea, Tony.”
When Tony woke up and detangled himself from his friends, Miles was still asleep in the Hulk’s lap. Tony watched as the Hulk gently scooped him up and deposited him, still wearing his spidersuit, into bed.
Thor nodded. “I’ve never seen this kind of hatred on Asgard. I wouldn’t expect any of my friends to put themselves in the way of it.”
Tony watched a fragile bittersweet smile form on Natasha’s lips and then fade away as she held Clint's hand.
The Time Stone's green aura was wrapped in Wanda's red magic in an instant, and Red Skull's severed arm turned to dust. Natasha flipped off Red Skull's back and tied his remaining hand with a cord, kicking him onto his knees.
“Yeah, he’s awake,” Tony repeated, and Wanda smiled up at him from her nest of blankets. “You look awfully warm.”
"Thought I'd find you up here," Natasha said, sitting down next to Tony on the edge of the roof. The city glowed below them through the darkness. Tony had flown up here to get some fresh air and clear his head--alone--but who was he kidding, Natasha's company was always welcome.
sides to this, Tony heard himself say "Always forgive you, Steve, always," and the worst part was he meant it. He meant it with his whole heart and soul. He reached out and squeezed Steve’s hand. “Can you forgive me?”
Tony sighed. “I could definitely be a little braver about this, I just wouldn’t be able to stand the look on Steve’s face if…” He shook his head and squared his shoulders, putting on his best Captain America voice. “I’m sorry, Tony, but I don’t feel the same way about you. I just think of us as friends.” And then we wouldn’t be friends, and I would’ve ruined it and it would all be my fault.” Tony held his forehead in his hand.
Steve was quicker and stronger than he had been in weeks. It wasn’t long before Tony was out of breath. A few beads of sweat dripped down Steve’s forehead, but Tony was sweating hard. Tony shoved himself back from Steve to buy a moment of time, but then dropped his hands, opening the faceplate in defeat. But he wasn’t scared, not of Steve hurting him, not ever again.
He’d missed Steve for so long. The thought that this was just the beginning of missing him went straight through him, taking the life out of him.
“Better,” Tony agreed, with begrudging admiration. “But there’s still nothing I really need to say.”
“So, Steve, I…” He bit his lip. “Look, I was thinking about what you said, about telling the truth, about being able to be who you really are, and it made me realize, I want to do everything at the right pace, I want to be able to tell everybody about how I felt when I first met you, and how-how we had our first kiss, and…how maybe one day how we’ll get married, if…if that’s something that you want.” He paused. “I want to tell people the truth about how I feel about you. I don’t want them to just know we’re together, I want them to know how much I love you.”
Tony kissed him again, and Steve’s lips parted under his, warm and soft. He rolled Tony over onto his back, pulling away slowly, his mouth still open as he looked down at Tony’s lips.
“We just call it marriage,” Thor replied. “Can you imagine how much hell my sister would raise if she wasn’t allowed to marry her girlfriend one day?”
He glanced aside to where Wanda's red magic roared with power, pushing against the green of the Time Stone. She was grimacing with effort, but she was also standing in the face of an entire Infinity Stone and giving back everything she got. The room buzzed with electricity and tension, the walls vibrating. The battle had stretched on too long.
It was the photo from yesterday. Tony was looking into Steve’s eyes and smiling as Miles sat between them. Steve’s hand was still resting on Tony’s, on top of his knee. The headline read,
Rhodey pursed his lips. “I never said I’m an expert at this, I’m just not at your level of pining for years without doing anything about it.”
He left the battlefield with his usual swagger, heading the others towards the quinjet, motioning to Tony to hurry up. Sam had brought the quinjet closer to the building remotely, and it waited outside for them to board. Tony nodded at Steve, signaling he'd be right there.
“So much as changed since Galactus,” Tony murmured, squeezing Steve’s hand in his. He squinted against the sun. “I never thought that any of this could happen.”
"Do we know why Red Skull is hanging out in Virginia?" Sam asked. "Because I grew up there. Feels a bit personal, you know?"
Tony glanced over at Steve discussing something with Bucky. Wanda and Pietro were standing together, Wanda fiddling with a bit of red magic. Natasha was idly toying with one of her knives.
Bucky turned to go--with the entire bottle of whiskey, Tony noticed. When he was near the door, Tony blurted out, "I wasn't going to drink it."
“New York has all sorts of heroes,” Steve pointed out, scooping Miles up and putting him on his shoulders.
“Maybe it’s better this way,” Wanda mused, looking up at Tony. “You saved my brother, I save yours.”
Helen opened the door. She smiled brightly, unable to hold herself back, still in disbelief. “He’s awake.”
Pietro came in a flash to Wanda’s room and disappeared inside. Vision stood reluctantly by the door until Pepper urged him to go inside.
Anger flashed across Sam’s face. “How dare you say that to me,” he said, his voice low. “I care about Steve just as much as you do and you God damn well know it. I know you were his friend from way back when and everything, but that doesn’t mean that the rest of us—” he motioned to Tony and Natasha “—won’t be broken into pieces if he doesn’t make it out of this alive.”
Red Skull evaded Wanda's magic again and again, easily deflecting Bucky and Sam's gunfire and the occasional blast from Tony’s repulsors as he guarded Pietro. Pietro was sweating and shaking with effort. He had only managed to move a few feet backwards. It would be hard to win the battle when they were fighting on the defensive, especially as more Hydra agents joined the fight. Part of the wall had come down, crushing a few men, but there were more coming to replace them.
Miles rested his head against Sam’s shoulder. “When I’m really Spiderman, I could make things safer for kids like me.”
“Actually, it kind of is,” Tony replied, standing up. “I became a hero to stop kids from losing their parents like this. What did we do wrong?”
“Okay Miles, remember that when you’re at school you’re on a secret undercover mission. That means no turning invisible and climbing up the walls or stinging anybody.”
"This is your fight," Carol replied. "You deserve this win. We'll hold down the fort till you guys get back."
He wished he hadn’t said it. He knew how pathetic he sounded. Bucky looked at him for a moment and then turned, leaving Tony to stare at the ice melting.
Bucky looked up at Sam, a thin smile on his lips. “The difference is, I don’t have anyone but him. You’re…you belong here. I don’t. I don’t have anyone but him,” he repeated. Tony had never seen or heard Bucky this scared.
“Well, congratulations,” she replied, smiling at Tony and Steve. “It was nice to meet you and your son. Sorry to interrupt.”
Steve reluctantly gave Tony his hand and Tony took out a bandage from the first aid kit and wrapped up a cut that had opened on his knuckles.
Eve’s brows furrowed, her jaw set once more. “Don’t joke around. You could have died. You almost did. I don’t need to be anywhere but here, keeping an eye on you.”
“And give me back mine,” Carol added, motioned Rhodey to come over and join her on one of the couches. She flashed Tony a thumbs up and a mischievous smile.
Tony’s eyes widened slightly and he glanced up at Sam and Natasha. “Well…” He looked back down at Miles. “They don’t like people who are different.”
“Must be hard to come all the way from the 40s and see that so much hasn’t changed,” Natasha said, sighing.
Steve knelt own to scoop up Miles in his arms. “I was only allowed to enlist when I was eighteen, you know.”
“I’m okay,” Steve whispered, and Tony started to cry again, almost in relief. This was the part that Pepper hadn’t been able to deal with, and Tony didn’t blame her, but it had hurt so much when she didn’t understand. Tony closed his eyes.
And the truth of the matter was, knowing that Steve cared about him—somehow enough to forgive him—didn’t mean that Tony didn’t feel guilty. But it made him feel like there must be something good in him that Steve saw, something worthy. He would regret and mourn what had happened, but he’d keep going because of Steve’s faith in him, and because he knew Steve bitterly regretted hurting him. It didn’t make it go away, but it meant they could go forward.
Steve took a step forward, squared his jaw, and leaned down slightly to press his mouth against Tony’s. His lips were soft, and his eyelashes brushed against Tony’s cheek for just an instant before he turned and walked away, leaving Tony alone in the hallway, dumbfounded.
Bucky, Sam and Nat played with Miles all afternoon. Eventually Miles wound up in Tony’s lab again and they spent hours lying on the floor together building things and taking them apart. Miles demanded explanations for everything he didn’t understand, and he wanted to know everything. Before Tony realized, Miles had made his own little spider-bot that scampered away under the table and refused to respond to voice commands, even though they had programmed them in.
“Awwww guys,” Clint exclaimed, attacking them with a hug as the Hulk put his arms around the whole pile and squeezed. Jan shrank as the air was knocked out of all of them and landed on Steve’s shoulder as they all broke apart, laughing.
It was immediately picked up, but the other end was silent, and Tony heard his heart throbbing in his ears. It was the first time he’d called—Steve hadn’t even wanted to talk to Tony in person before this all escalated. He had never given Tony a chance. There had been no point in phone calls.
“I could do this all day,” Steve replied, grinning as he took off his helmet, leaving his hair an unruly mess.
Tony suddenly wondered what it would be like to really touch him. He wanted to slide his hand over that perfect chest, up to hold Steve’s jaw, and kiss the side of his neck. He wondered what kind of noise Steve would make. Tony swallowed hard. He shouldn’t be thinking about this. This was strictly off-limits. Especially when he was in Steve’s bed.
"What does the Time Stone have to do with finding Hydra?" Tony asked, trailing after Carol on the way to the briefing room.
“You’re stubborn. I would’ve liked to have you on my side,” Tony joked, but Wanda’s brow furrowed in displeasure. “Not a good joke. Okay.”
“You’ve been out almost a week. Someone shot at you. Tony saved your life,” Sam replied, motioning across at him. “It was poisoned, although I’m sure you figured that part out if you feel anywhere near as awful as you look.”
“My friends! I hear that you have been wed, and have adopted a son? Where is the little rascal? I want to meet him!”
As reality slowly came back to him, he remembered to ask, “Did you mean what you said to Red Skull? About not being afraid?"
Tony was worried about the battle ahead, sure But he wasn't too blind to see the real battle had been just getting to this point where they were all willing to be a team again. Where he and Steve were willing to be a team. More than that--to open their hearts to each other. He felt lighter, calmer than he had in a god-damned eternity. Like they were almost home.
