The seconds felt like hours for that one moment. Finally the vitals flashed up in bright cyan, some with red accents to confirm.
His patience wore thin after hours scrolling through dimension after dimension in search for the perfect partner. Although each was tempting, he knew he had
As expected Doom’s attention was caught by the flailing cop, waving his arms about before running back to one of the statues and tugging one of its arms lose (a surprisingly easy task for someone with his strength) and threw it at the villain.
“What you have on you is Oscorp tech. After your factories went down, medical facilities became reliant on the closest benefactor. With Doom too preoccupied with looking after his own people, and Baintronics far too focused on veering away from anything remotely helpful, Norman decided to step up to the plate again.”
“Rested up Cap, we were actually looking for you and Stark,” Carol replied.
“I need you to do that for me, Tony!  My hands are full.”
The more they talked the more Tony was growling and trying to desperately squeeze through the gap in the bars to try and claw their faces off. He would’ve just loved to see them on the ground, those smug expressions wiped off their faces. Their words had very little meaning to him but he still could sense that they were aimed at him, targeting him, victimising him as many had done before.
They needed to get out of the room and feed together.
Steve and Tony inched forward, Tony slamming the right door open with a punch, while Steve kicked the left door open and both practically fell inside with the power that they had used. The sirens above only intensified, and as they both turned to look at Janet and Natasha behind them, the doors were blocked by bars that flew down from the top frame of the door.
I am a demon, worse than him; I am the man I never wanted to be.
“The longer you keep him there, the longer it’ll take for him to get a footing in the real world. There’s no better way for him to adjust then to throw him in the deep end, but he sure as hell won’t be alone in it. Fury thought for some absurd reason that we weren’t ready for him, that he wouldn’t survive in this world. Oh ye of little faith. This is Captain America, not just any regular guy!”
Norman turned sharply, stepping on Tony’s hand until there was a loud crunching sound, feeling the finger callipers snap. He screamed out again, gargling the blood that rested in the back of his throat, having to spit it out before he choked on it.
“I’m going to need to go to the lab to get it fixed and…” He tilted to the side to try and take a glance at their car, noticing he smoke wafting up from under the bonnet where it was clumsily parked. “I think we ought to go to the lab to get that fixed anyway, before Chief Fury makes us do all our patrols by foot. I mean it’s not a problem for me, but something tells me you want to be in
His eyes darted, counting the searchlights that were coming from helicopters above; one, six, ten. Ten in a single area, and they all seemed to have their own designated areas to patrol. Now to count the time between movements. He slipped on his helmet and began doing the same with the rest of his armour, but just as he lowered the faceplate, his shoulder was grabbed.
The white screen fuzzed a little, the noise of static as though it were coming from an extremely outdated television. Fury lurched over the large semi-circle of a control panel, the workers still walking back and forth like busy drones, checking the man that lay still on the steel table and monitoring the computers around him whilst their director’s attention was fully focused on the screen the other side of the room.
Tony didn’t know what exactly he’d triggered, but he caught the tail end of Steve mentioning Bucky’s name, which was a good sign.
“You can make solar panels?”
“Thanks Cap…”
“Tried to defuse a bomb in Florida, but my hand went numb when I inhaled some of that smoke, next I knew…”
The ground began to rumble and Tony’s repulsors lit instinctively, watching as the once neat and calm grass subsided to reveal a gargantuan metal door which opened as though it were a fissure in the ground, opening to swallow him, but before he could fall he was caught by one of the rising platforms that formed into a downward set of steps. An inch to the left and he probably would’ve fallen down.  Tony could hear the buzz of bar-lights flickering on; the type that he would see in the interrogation rooms of SHIELD to create an eerie vibe that paralleled horror movies.
Tony Stark would pride himself on precision and accuracy even in the barren deserts of southern Nevada at the heart of the Mojave, nearing the infamous Death Valley which coincided with the location that was flashing up on his HUD. Bright vermilion hooplets on the intricate GPS mapping system would show him the whereabouts of the Captain that he was searching for. Luckily there were numerous tracking devices in Steve’s costume (some unbeknownst to the soldier himself) but every single installation was for Steve’s own protection and proved more than handy in situations such as a kidnapping. Tony would sometimes internally thank his own genius for prompting him to bypass minor verbal contracts agreed upon, but when it came down to the line it was all for the greater good. How else would the Captain agree to have multiple tracking devices embedded throughout his costume, some devices as small as a sewing needle or thumb tack? Freedom is what he had preached for so long and for Tony to be watching his every move was invasive to say the least. It wasn’t as if Tony watched every one of Steve’s moves (he was just curious
“Time for bed, Tony,” Steve said, holding him tight in his arms.
Natasha turned to Clint expectantly as the Roombas left the room as dejected as robotically possible. He opened his mouth, presumably to protest, but nothing came out. Natasha raised an eyebrow at him, daring him to argue after everyone else had taken the shot, and Clint scowled before jerking his glass to his lips. Just as he was about to take a sip, he lowered it again. “Wait, Tasha.
show them that Tony deserved to be there.
“So what you’re saying is that Oscorp is tracking us, and has been since we got these things?”
Tony crouched a little before jumping courageously off the hood, “Go go Stark jet boots!”  And just as Steve had seen before, the boots flickered cyan before lighting up completely and he launched himself from the hood of the car to try and land on the hood of the oddly coloured car, but just as always it was never that easy with Tony.
Steve decides to have the apple pie flavoured hot chocolate, as expected. Tony on the other hand picks the black forest cake hot chocolate rather than coffee, which is a drastic change considering that caffeine at this point ran through his veins. Nonetheless, he was keen to try something new. Contently they sat down, and Steve decided to change the topic of focus onto what he had bought for everyone.
“I will; you see, it’s my hard work that’s managed to shut this entire lab down. All I have to do is get those schematics and then I will be capable of building my own bots with double the functionality of that tin man’s. I’ll use it to shut down this city, then the world. The entire world shall turn to Latveria as their saviour!”
Tony had grown up surrounded by the myths and stories of Captain America, hell he even collected the comics and had a whole room of Cap memorabilia. He was his hero, his company. When his father was busy he would sit down and read the comics and imagine he was right there witnessing it all, or even fall to sleep hugging a little action figure. Captain America had done so much for him without even being a real figure, and now this paper was saying that he was real – and here he thought all this time that it was just a figment of his father’s insanity.
Steve feels like he’s drowning. So maybe it really is just like any other day after all.
Steve’s hand falls away and he stands.
He’s not asleep by the end of his little meditative practice. Really, he thinks the only thing he’s accomplished is that he’s emotional and lonely in addition to painfully, steadily awake. Generally, it sucks. He wants—God, he doesn’t even know what (who) he wants at this point. He wishes Rhodey hadn’t left. If Jarvis were here (either one of them) he’d say something dry and sarcastic and illuminating and Tony would feel, if not better, more grounded and ready for the reality waiting for him. Hell, he even kind of wants to talk to Howard. (He doesn't think he could look Mom in the eyes and explain to her how he got himself into this mess. Howard, though, Howard would fix it for him even if he was berating his son the entire time.)
“Not really.”
“We’re right here,” he said slowly. Tony was almost afraid someone was going to call him out for being rude, but Sam looked just as put out by it.
He slips on his oldest, rattiest pair of tennis shoes and makes himself stride out the door without looking back at the tempting void of reality that is his bed.
Most of that time is spent in his office, and precious little of it is spent in the workshop. He tries to make good on his promise to be available to the others, though, so far, only Sam has wandered in with the occasional question. Tony would be pissed if he didn’t see Steve with his head bent over his packet every time he passes the living room, and Natasha helping Wanda with her copy at the breakfast table. If he didn’t know better he’d think Sam was asking Steve’s questions for him and reporting back the answers he gets from Tony.
The starting code is sleek, efficient. It almost looks callous, even to Tony. JARVIS would’ve understood what Tony’s doing. He thinks even Vision would get it, at a fundamental level, but Vision doesn’t always get why some things should be kept a secret. The man-kid-android is bluntly honest, which Tony both appreciates and has to be aware of.
“Sure,” Tony says before he can even consider stopping himself. “Why not?”
“Whose side was she on for the Accords, again?” Bruce asks, and Tony’s chest aches fiercely, briefly.
Wanda glances at Vision for the briefest of seconds, looking tense enough to snap, and her teeth are gritted when she speaks, but she says, “I’m working on it.”
“Copy,” Tony says, not making any promises.
“You’re really a jackass sometimes, anyone ever tell you that?”
“I’m not afraid of you,” Tony says vehemently, and he promptly wants to smack himself for even hinting at the emotional wound he’s carrying. He hates, despises feeling so volatile, so unsteady. Steve’s hands have frozen against Tony’s ribs and the silence rings around them. Steve finishes quickly then.
And then there’s this woman. Tony doesn’t notice her until she’s practically under his nose. She’s fairly short, and wearing an expensive dress designed for someone of average height. He takes a step back but doesn’t offer his hand.
“Don’t be ridiculous, nobody’s blaming you for that,” Steve said. “What was it, though?”
He opens his eyes, stands up. It’s not the same, going to Steve’s room. Tony’s not that stupid. Not that Steve and Tony really operate within the normal bounds of social interaction; they never really have, but it’s hard to pretend this is the same as falling asleep together on the couch in the middle of a movie. But it might be what works for them, what’s necessary to quiet whatever monster’s living in Tony’s ear, and Steve, well.
“By next year,” Steve says. “There’ll be an emergency eventually. They’ll need us all, and we’ll show up. And then we’ll deal with all the legal stuff, but this isn’t forever.”
Tony doesn’t say. Can’t. He’s not sorry, not for this. If this ends up being what Steve leaves him over—if this is what makes him give up and step back from whatever it is they’re feeling out—then so be it. He’s Iron Man. He just
And Bucky makes a good Chewbacca, but Tony doesn’t quite want to say that out loud. He’s pretty sure they’re both thinking it anyway. He thinks
“And yet here you are.”
Tony throws the kernels in with the oil and gets out a stick of butter. He can hear the previews coming from the TV, and it doesn’t feel like they’re pretending nothing happened. He knows, more than anything else these days, that they’re both hyperaware of their shared history. It eats at Tony, and it seems to get to Steve just as much. He breathes, and gets out a couple bottles of root beer.
“It’s not up to me to question my creator,” JARVIS demures into his comm, and Steve laughs in spite of his worry, recalling the many times JARVIS let Tony know exactly what he thinks of Tony’s insane and often self-destructive plans during the middle of a fight. “I do not have enough data, I have only seen them interact a limited number of times. Based on Mr. Loki’s background check and his unpredictability, I have categorized him as a Level 7 out of 10 threat to Sir, even taking in account his apparent lack of interest to harm Sir from recent interactions.”
Natasha swirled the champagne in her glass, not a single falter or tell in her movement. Finally, her gaze flicked to Clint. “But did you see me make the jump?” she asked, and as Clint gaped at her, she turned away and lifted her glass to her lips, head and neck arching gracefully as she took a sip, and it was almost enough to hide the smile playing at her lips, but not quite.
“How?”
“Come on Shellhead; let’s go get the team together. T’Challa’s sent out a signal, we’re going to assemble.”
Another yelp of agony echoed from the super soldier, images flashing through his head again and again. The ice, his pal slipping from his grip and flying on a rocket then watching the explosion which made his heart pound with pain all rushed through his mind as though he were seeing it happen again right before his eyes.
In truth, Tony Stark was sick of it. He sick of being trampled on, and he was especially sick of his genius being suppressed by those that he cared for and constantly tried to help. He was a gift, the voices in his head (a side effect to using the symbiote as a base for his armour, though tamed as he thought it was, was unsafe for that very reason – a reason that Tony had dismissed relatively quickly) reminded him. He was doing the world a service, creating deterrent after deterrent to the madness of world conflict…and he had been rewarded with the title of ‘lord of war’. The funny thing about turning over this new leaf was that the new adapted habits that would have served to make his younger self’s gut churn in anger were now meaningless to him. He felt no guilt over making others suffer because of their mistakes, especially if they had no faith in their newfound messiah. In fact, he was beginning to
Tony pressed a small button that was just by the corner of his wrist and his thumb flipped back to reveal a potato peeler, shooting Steve a coy grin. The cop couldn’t help but draw his hand up to pinch the bridge of his nose with frustration, yet still smiling at how stupid the whole situation was, his hand going for Tony’s back and giving him a small shove as if to encourage him to get on with the job rather than goof around.
Steve's finally woken up, with the thought of being an angel in his dreams but he realises soon enough that it isn't a dream, and finally finds the angel he thinks he was meant to retrieve.
“So we can locate him at any point?”
“Rhodey gets one of those limited edition model planes that he wanted and Pepper gets the exquisite Rolex – as she deserves.”
“That sounds fishy to me, Masters. Why such a small submission window? And with all of those… Technology companies forming an alliance it seems like you were shoved out without an option.”
The blasts shot by, one skimmed his cheek and another braised his uniform. Steve wasn’t running away from Tony as it appeared, he was running toward the puppeteers and trying to lure Tony there with him. Steve used the same skill he had done earlier; grabbing one of the nearby bars and using it to raise his body and climb over one of the functioning machines. The vibrations under his feet were constant, especially with the production line churning out what he could only guess were robot shells. Tony was relentless and not far behind; it took a matter of moments for him to power up the thrusters in his boots and leap up to reach for Steve’s leg with his one good arm, but the Captain was a slippery man to catch. He jumped up toward a hanging bar from one of the machines on the second floor and used it to pull himself up, but Tony managed to grab Steve’s leg and dragged him back down.
“Yeah, Tony’s great to have as my partner, I’ve never been so glad to have someone with his smarts and initiative around.” Steve patted Tony’s back heartily, almost making Tony’s hat fall off, which he quickly caught and placed back on top of his head proudly, glancing back at Steve with a soft smile of gratitude.
Tony Stark was a futurist.
“Go go-“
In the dark room there were two beds and set of curtains separating them with some machines either side. This was definitely an old hospital room. He took a couple more steps in toward the beds, sitting on the edge and bouncing a little, dust flying everywhere. “Well...” He paused to cough. “Guess we’ve got ourselves a room in hotel de mort.”
The dog shook its head, it’s LED eyes forming into annoyed slits. “Here!”
“Tony, for God’s sakes.”
Steve’s lips and tongue explored the expanse of Tony’s muscular chest, which was particularly sensitive. He could see a faint scar, a circle that was no longer there, eyes flicking up to meet his partners for a while before kissing just down it, over the brush of black hair and began swirling circles with his tongue over Tony’s nipple.
For the life of him, he couldn’t remember his last moment with Steve, he could remember seeing him, fighting him, but that was it – and that was infuriating all in itself.
Once Fury had composed himself, not even bothering to pick up the papers for now, he glanced back to the distracted cop who had his mouth wide open to match his look of pure bewilderment. He snapped his fingers and Steve jumped, instantly staring back at the Chief with an apologetic look, but he kept glancing back to the suited man in the oversized trench coat, uncontrollably.
“We…” Tony trailed off, his eyelids fluttering shut.
As soon as it was said, Steve realised that Thor was right, there wasn’t a window in sight. This entire room was blocked off and sealed in like some sort of metal container. Now they were surrounded by nothing but artificial light, again lit with that indigo hue that resembled that of the factory right at the start of this whole mess. Tony cringed at the memory, and Steve could feel Tony’s apprehension, his hand rising to rest on Tony’s shoulder to reassure him that he was there this time without words needed.
Steve tried to turn his head to catch a glimpse of what was happening behind him but two large claws shot out from the wall and grabbed his chin and forehead, dragging him as far back into the wall as he could, a loud metal clank echoed when his cranium was brought forcefully against the glowing segment of the wall.
It was unusual, and Steve had noticed that right off the bat when they had first started fighting in and amongst the streets of his home town, that Taskmaster seemed quiet. Even when Steve had offered him a better pay off, which under usual circumstances would be an easy way to fend Taskmaster off. He had known the mercenary for years, he had even had to work alongside him, but this fight seemed entirely different. Taskmaster’s moves were strangely predictable, his banter was completely absent and he seemed to throw himself toward Steve as though he were a drone.
He had just hoped that his decision was the right one. Both then…and almost certainly now.
“Nick…” she tried to preach.
Tony yelped loudly. The sound echoed loudly through the hollow room, and Steve chased the noise through the hallways, crashing through the window, shield first. Only, it wasn’t a shield, it was a holo-shield, something that Tony had been working on in extreme secrecy (and by extreme secrecy it meant with the allowance of telling Pepper and Rhodey and showing off his handiwork).  Steve used it to pummel the living armour away with one swift motion. The shield was certainly strong, extremely so, which was exactly what he needed.
“Hah, no kidding. But these really smell gross, he’s pretty accurate.”
His irises lit to cyan, that ring appearing as he stared at the command keys trying to find some way to break the encryptions using Extremis, which was harder than he had thought. It wasn’t exactly technopathy, but it was damn close. The two lab assistants attempted to position themselves to block the door, but they knew they weren’t as big as people that Tony had faced before, they were no Juggernaut or King Pin. The bolts made a loud clicking sound, unlocking and Tony’s eyes faded to their regular colour, placing the briefcase that he held down for the moment and gave them a light push back to get in. They put up as much resistance as they could but everyone had seen what Iron Man was capable of, they dare not push against him but they did try their best to hold him back.
He inhaled, then exhaled, opening his dark sapphire eyes.
Everything had changed, not only the people. Cars were all electronic, and it wasn’t much of a surprise that Oscorp’s brand label was on the engine. He tore some of the wires out that he thought he could use as connectors and then returned back to Tony’s side, trying to connect his own star shaped reactor to Tony’s flickering one. He’d done hotwiring before, and he’d certainly jumpstarted a car; hell, the super soldier had even defused a bomb . He wasn’t as technology illiterate as many people deemed him to be. Luckily Tony had faith in him; he’d always had faith in him.
“We’ll make sure he gets out of here, come on.” Steve gestured, running in with reckless abandon. Clearly, the incident with his legs had more of an impact on him than he allowed the others to see, but Tony noticed it and made a mental note to address it later. For now, he followed Steve with Janet shrinking her size and zooming in to lead the way down the corridors.
“Get it, wings on the... Head?” He asked, still trying to compose himself, his mind still focused on the feeling of Steve’s hands on him, the wonders he could perform with them.
Steve who was already sat in the new car, adjusting his rear in to fit into the already formed groove of the black leather seats peered up. “What’s wrong, partner?”
They trickled down his cheeks, leaning closer to Steve and feeling his chest tighten, just to hold him like that, so limp, so pale. He leaned closer, feeling his lower lip quiver.
He knelt down and dusted off the stones that were covered with moss and dust, going from name to name. Each one a dagger in his chest.
Tony instead held up his hand, indicating Steve to hold that thought while he pulled out the antennae from his hat and then placed his thumb to his ear, squinting.
When he had stepped into the full body scanner that Tony had built, the large metallic walls encasing the moment that he had entered the machine that was built mainly for Steve knowing how much he had hated hospitals. Stark Resilient was specialising in medical technology and Steve’s dislike of hospitals just provided Tony with the incentive to build a quick-scan device to make the process as easy and as painless as possible. Not to mention that Tony used Steve’s criticism for his own projects quite often. Contrary to popular belief the super soldier had a huge influence on Tony’s work, verbal or otherwise. Steve inhaled deeply, shutting his eyes and letting the machine do its job. The tension in his chest boiled while Tony peered up at the screen, letting some of his helper bots wrap his arms up in clean bandages whenever he was hurt. By this point he had gotten rather used to the pain, so a couple of scrapes here and there weren’t too bad.
Tony stared with concern before forcing himself to act. He didn’t want to breach the little trust he had earned, but to hell with that. He ran toward her and pulled out the shard, huddling her close and trying to open the metal screws that held it in place. To his surprise the woman in red didn’t leap to her rescue. But by this time she had realised her hand was fine, that Tony was in fact the real Tony Stark. Details could be straightened out later; now they were being pursued, and they had to deal with Captain Marvel.
“Shh…” Tony whispered. “I hear reports of a bank robber, just downtown! He’s gettin’ away, there are other cops assigned to the chase but they’re still on it, you know if we go now we could beat them to it!”
“Cap, watch out!”
“You’re an angel.” The boy pointed out, looking up at Steve’s wings, “Papa says that there’s no such thing as angels. Why do you have wings on your back mister? What’s it like to fly? One day I’m going to fly too. I’ll fly far, far away.”
No response.
“He’s not just a robot, Tony is a person!”
“You implying I’m a busy body?”  Steve asked, eyebrow cocking.
“A potato.”
Tony sighed with relief. “You really are like that comic book character with the stars and stripes…” he mused aloud.
“It’s got a huge lightning rod attached, must be new.” Carol gestured to the tall peak of the building.
The second that Reed tried to stretch out of his restraints MODOK zoomed over, tapping a few commands on his own chair.
“I’ve been to Paris, in fact, I visit France extremely regularly. You’re a wanted criminal; I remember seeing your ugly mug plastered all over Charles du Gaulle airport!”
“Taken? By who?”
“What are you?” Tony yelled, demanding an answer as he narrowed his eyes, knowing his luck it was the chameleon or someone, this couldn’t be real.
Steve sat up, cold beads of sweat trickling over his temple, swallowing down a heavy gulp to try and moisten his dry throat, his breathing was quick, and behind that mask Tony stared with extreme and intense worry, wrapping his arms around Steve without a single second of hesitation. “It’s okay; I’ve got you, pal…” He knew post-traumatic stress when he saw it. Steve raised his arms around the metal body, closing his eyes to adjust and to just process what had happened in his head.
“Careful,” Tony says. “You’re gonna crush us.”
And Steve is right here. The
“Dude, dude,” Sam says, and at least he sounds amused, “what did you say to him?”
Taking a moment to parse how he feels, he dips to almost the speed limit as he considers. His feet still feel pretty firmly planted on the ground. Maybe he’s a little fuzzier—pun intended—and a little less put-together, but. He figures he’ll live.
He stands and regards her. She looks good, relaxed if a little tired, and her hand is still on his shoulder. He covers it with his own, briefly squeezing. They let go at the same time and step back.
“I,” Tony says. He turns fully to face Steve again. “It’s two in the morning, Cap.”
“Yeah,” Steve says blankly. “What kind?”
“Steve. It means jack shit unless you’re gonna use that data and change the way things are now.”
on top of it all. “Tony, open your eyes.”
“Offense pending, Colonel,” FRIDAY says. “I reserve the right to become offended.”
“I don’t think they’re getting continuous orders,” Tony says. “Simple AI. They got their orders and were deployed, if I had to guess. But if they could figure out where the new bots keep coming from, I would be thrilled.”
i don't often write from steve's pov so please let me know how i did.
She closes the gap between them and puts a hand on top of his. After a moment, he flips his hand and squeezes her fingers, eyes averted. She beats a hasty retreat seconds later, and Tony asks FRIDAY to scan the coffee, but it’s clean, and they both show up for breakfast the next morning, so it’s okay on some level. Rhodey’s in the city for physical therapy and Vision doesn’t eat, so Tony even appreciates the company.
“You could join us,” Steve said. “If you’re not busy?”
“Rachel Lee,” she says.
where, ps, i do take short prompts (any pairing)
“No,” Tony says quietly. He’s so tired and he wants and Steve's making offers he could never follow through on, not even if he really does mean it now. And Steve just smiles at him, sad and reassuring.
“It’s,” Tony says, considering. “A work in progress.”
“Pull up a chair, boys,” she says, but it’s lacking the lightness she usually has.
it wasn’t true.) “My mind runs a hundred miles a minute and it takes in enough data from the world to actually do that, but when I get tired and the processing power’s a little off, the data just keeps pouring in sometimes and—”
If Pete can actually manage to avoid honorifics with Steve, Tony will eat his own shoe. Still, it’s a nice gesture.
Thumb sweeping over the knuckles in his hand, Tony says, “Goodnight, Steve.”
Staring at the list doesn’t give him the inspiration he was hoping for. He still doesn’t know how to work his way through the meeting by the time he hears footsteps on the stairs, steady except for a couple of falters. A quick glance at the clock shows it’s just after one in the morning. The breathing that goes with the footsteps is steady, deliberate, deep.
If Tony was more inclined to crying he would be in tears. They’ve been fighting already for a couple of hours, and are quickly growing exhausted. They’ve almost all taken hits. Most of them are small, minor things, but it’s adding up. Scott’s shoulder was almost dislocated when he got caught mid-shrink by a tentacle. Sam rammed into one of the aliens from behind as it was closing in on Natasha, and he landed hard enough to sprain his ankle; it’s fine as long as he stays in the air, but if he has to land again he’s going to be in trouble. One of the newcomers had a scythe, of all things, and it sliced Steve right under the collarbone. Went through his uniform like warm butter, and Tony would be impressed if he wasn’t so pissed. It’s done bleeding now, he thinks, but only after the blood soaked through Steve’s uniform top, all the way down to his navel. Tony himself got caught by a tentacle around his knee when he flew too low. It didn’t last long, but just long enough to compromise the joint and warp the metal. It doesn’t even hurt if he keeps his leg straight.
“I built Bucky a new arm,” he admits miserably, finally retreating from his hiding place against Steve. Awkwardly, he shuffles back on the bed a few inches, his arm unwinding from around Steve. Steve’s own hand falls to be bed between them, and Tony grabs his wrist, needing to know Steve’s not turning frigid in dismissal, disgust, indifference.
“I could make it happen,” Tony scoffs. “No, but I need you to tell him to unfreeze Barnes.”
“We’re going in circles here,” Bruce says, with a humorless laugh.
Tony must take a second too long to open his mouth.
He wishes, again, desperately, a little pathetically, that there was something to do today. Another lead to chase, or a kitten stuck in a tree he could save, or a Tony Stark around to annoy the hell out of him (and bring him into the present, into the moment, out of his head). There isn’t though. They’re still playing the waiting game with a contact, waiting to confirm some intel they’ve been hearing whispers of. They’ve been sitting in northern France for a week and a half now, and Steve’s getting restless, which is to say he’s becoming aware of how depressed he is and how much he wants to go home, and he knows he can do fuck-all about it. He wants a distraction. Sam gets it, to a certain degree, but even he’s starting to lose patience. They have a semi-working TV—basic cable only, and Sam doesn’t know French, but he’s started watching anyway. And Steve, well, he can take a hint, so he’s stuck to his bedroom mostly, and tried to draw, and nothing comes out right—Bucky gets drawn as the Winter Soldier, but somehow with Tony’s tear-filled eyes like they were in Siberia—and before he knows it he’s crying, again, and he’s never been much of a crier, or one for homesickness, but here he is, sitting in a room that isn’t his, without his shield, calling himself the fucking Nomad as he cries. It’s stupid and awful and he promised himself he wasn’t going to spend today like that, so he’s been sitting in the living room with Sam trying to be normal, functional, and all he wants is sleep his body doesn’t really need.
“Are you kidding me?” Tony asks, and Steve’s shoulders loosen, the exact opposite of what he’d been expecting. He still looks dejected, but also sympathetic. “You didn’t have a problem with it in Siberia, when it was—”
Tony pauses, says, “Not quite.” Flinches at his own tone.
“Y’know,” Happy says good-naturedly, “if you just answered your phone he wouldn’t have to harass her.”
(See the end of the chapter for
And, okay, he and Pepper aren’t exactly speaking right now, but he thinks she might be upset if he disappeared. And Rhodey would definitely have things to say about it. Nobody needs a Fun-Vee: Part II.
Does that make it better or worse? On the one hand, Steve seems to be about as torn up over the whole thing as Tony, but on the other hand, Steve was careless enough to let it happen. Who’s to say it won’t again? What’s stopping him?
He looks at them out of the corner of his eyes, but doesn’t stop on his way through the doors. The look on his face is weary.
There are chairs for everyone, and they stole some blankets and pillows from a supply closet. They’re surrounded by small piles of junk food and wrappers from the vending machine around the corner. Steve’s exhausted even though he knows he shouldn’t sleep yet. He drifts a couple times anyway, but then Tony’s screaming or someone drops a Snickers bar, and Steve jolts awake.
“Jacket off,” Tony says as an afterthought. Bucky reaches for the zipper immediately, eyes on the bot.
“What does that…you know, translate to in terms of you as a human being?”
“Of course, it would also be reassuring if I knew someone would have my back, too,” he says, more to himself than to FRIDAY. Louder, he says, “You’ve got my back though, right, little lady?”
Howard would probably be proud in this moment. It’s efficient. Preemptive even. Fury might even be impressed with the mechanics of the program; he would nod, Tony thinks, but be secretly horrified by the power and the implications. For how much Tony and Nick don’t get along, they’re on the same page with surprising frequency. Peggy Carter, from what Tony remembers as a small kid watching her interact with Howard, would sigh. She wouldn’t explain why, but she would sigh if she saw this, and she would look sad. Frankly, Tony has no idea what Yinsen would say. The man managed to surprise him to the end, and Tony never quite got a grasp on him like he thought he did. He likes to believe Yinsen would take him by the shoulders and smile like he did when he found out Tony didn’t have a family to go home to, smug and knowing, and he would say, “All I asked of you is that you not waste your life, Stark. That doesn’t make you responsible in the afterlife. Do you always take a man’s dying words so seriously?”
Turns out, Bucky’s obsessed with
“I know,” Rhodey says quietly, “but we knew. We knew there was something.” And then he gets even quieter, more to himself than even to Pepper, “There’s always something. At least—”
“I’m making a fresh batch of coffee, too,” she calls back at them.
Bucky falls asleep eventually, but Tony’s on a bit of a roll by then so he turns the volume down a little bit, gets another cup of coffee and a tablet, and sets up camp on the armchair while
“Nifty,” Tony scoffs, but it’s true. And his heart’s about tied with his liver for Most Thankful Organ. Just that alone has probably added decades onto his life expectancy. It’s astounding. But these aren't exactly things he wants to admit to in front of so many people, even if one of them’s out like a light.
“Other options like what?” Steve asks, leaning forward in his seat. “Like saying ‘hey, guys, I need medical attention ASAP, bye’?”
. If he could just get one person to understand maybe they’d talk sense into the others, because they clearly don’t even speak the same language anymore.
He looks back down at Natasha, meets her eyes, and she looks just as startled as he feels. Eyes back on Steve, the fear only intensifies when he doesn’t say anything, doesn’t move.
“You’re not dying again, are you?” Natasha asks.
“You had a nightmare,” he explains gently. “Go back to sleep.”
He can’t lie here, and he doesn’t want to, at least not to himself. They haven’t spoken about it yet, or changed anything too drastically—nothing they couldn’t come back from, at least. Plausible deniability is still tenuously in place. It’s also a joke, for sure, but there nonetheless.
“Elated,” Tony says. She doesn’t even pretend to look at Sam this time. There’s a pressure building around Tony’s head like a vice. He swallows. The girl’s eyes squint she’s beaming so hard.
“You live on the top of Point Dume, I can say ‘up here’ if I want.”
more thanks in order for the wonderful
There’s blood dripping down from Tony’s eyebrow to his cheek.
“Oh, come on, he’s not even in charge of his company anymore.”
as he rolls to the side to avoid a tentacle.
“Who cares what I know,” Tony says. “I’m actually pretty sure knowing isn’t the point.”
Next is his team, all of them weighted equally. He debated, at first. Wanda’s the youngest (not counting Peter, who’s technically not a teammate), Scott and Clint both have children, Steve is the undying symbol of hope and unity (and he’s
“The hive mind,” she gasps. “I can’t find a person in there, but that doesn’t mean he’s not there.”
“In other words,” Tony says more boldly, “I’m an entire asshole, and an especially manipulative one at that.”
“I know,” Steve says, just as quiet, a small smile.
It’s ridiculous to be thinking about Ultron right now. It’s probably even more ridiculous to be quoting Pinocchio, but the thought fills up his head and spills out. A huge something hits him over the back so hard it punches a gag out of Tony. No thanks, he thinks. He hates vomiting in the suit.
Me too, Tony thinks.
“It appears to be Captain Rogers, Boss,” FRIDAY says.
“You still nauseous at all?” he asks. “I could find some ice if you want instead.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it,” comes the wry response.
“Was that all you wanted to talk about?” Tony asks eventually.
“Oh, my God,” Tony says, mostly to cover up the overly fond smile trying to take over his face. “Am I really that boring? Because I know for a fact it’s not the material this time.”
“I can’t just not sleep unless you’re there,” Tony says, more venom behind the words than he really means. He’s just so angry—at Zemo, at Natasha, at himself, at Steve. He needs reality to be just one thing again, he can’t stand this.
“Ruptured somethin’,” Sam says, waving a hand vaguely, but his eyes are sliding shut. “He should be fine.”
“You’re looking for approval,” Bruce says right back and, damn, Tony had almost forgotten how blunt Bruce likes to be. The man revels in it. “I’d bet this entire lab you’ve already figured out what you want to do in this situation.”
“I don’t think she’s here with them,” Wanda admits.
"I'll go intercept the Quinjet then," he says. “With any luck, they’ll be through with the UN debrief by the time I get there.”
It takes him a long moment to respond, but he reasons with himself that Steve is really trying here. He’s really putting himself out there, willing to hear Tony out in ways that might matter. Ways that might help.
“Thanks,” Steve says, and he rolls his eyes for good measure because Tony can probably hear those kinds of things through the receiver too (and Sam’s still standing int he doorway, but he’s backing away now that he knows the world isn’t ending).
“Thanks," Clint says. “Y’know, they couldn’t order me to help if they tried. Legally, according to those Accords we all signed. I’m just socially awkward and would much rather give ‘em the slip before they could ask. Hashtag Know Your Rights.”
“It’s a work in progress,” Tony admits, thinking of the haunted look on Steve’s face when he thinks Tony isn’t watching, the way he
“What’re you talkin’ about?” Bucky says. He looks genuinely confused, but at least he doesn’t look like he’s waiting for Tony to snap and go for his throat (again). Tony looks back down
“Of course I do,” he says. But because he’s not trying to be an asshole, he adds with a hint of honesty, “I’m also way too keyed up to sleep.”
Steve raises an eyebrow at her, tilts his head.
“I wanna do it right this time,” he tells her anyway. “For the first time, I—I feel like I have time, Pep. Maybe enough.”
“Eh,” Tony says noncommittally, which means he’s still devastated. “It is what it is. Just thought I’d ring-a-ding and wish you a happy ninety-ninth.”
“What’s your location?” Steve asks.
Not to mention, how would a more solid command system work for them? Tony can’t even begin to tease out the top from the bottom of a chain like that. They really aren’t soldiers; they’re specialists, all in their own right, and they individually know themselves and their powers and capabilities better than anyone else can. Perhaps that’s a failure of training and communication, but—he remembers Doom’s bots in the city, his own ability, his own call. He believes, in his core, that he was right to make a decision there himself, that it really was his right to go in at his own discretion. And that might be the crux of the reason he didn’t structure any changes in militaristic ways. Tony can’t imagine he’d be at the top of that list, and he doesn’t want to cede whatever say he does have on the team. He’s sure nobody else in this building would feel otherwise.
“You’re not selling it very well, sugar plum,” Tony says back. “No introduction? Not even a howdy-do? You gotta convince me, here. Tell me something I want to hear.”
“Good morning,” Tony says.
“Yep,” Rhodey says. “The aliens went back from whence they came, Earth lives to see another day, and everyone has officially regained consciousness.”
“Something Disney? They were in the middle of picking when I came down.”
Halfway across the room, Natasha loses her shit. Not like—she doesn’t make a scene, or make a big deal out of it. The elevator doors close, and then open a few seconds later, and when Steve comes out, she starts laughing at him and can’t seem to stop.
When Steve pulls away, just barely, it’s with the thumb of his other hand gently keeping Tony’s chin in place, contrasting the hot hand still on the back of Tony’s head.
At least Tony isn’t glowing in front of him. He assumes that means he won’t be exploding. But, dear Lord, he’s in the same kind of pain Steve remembers from the footage.
“Not on your life, Lang.”
“I like being at your side, and knowing you have my back,” Steve continues. He lets go of the branch and looks so vulnerable, unmoored, breathless. He looks about as terrified as Tony’s starting to feel. “I’m a better person when we’re on the same team, and I—can’t stand myself when we’re not. I don’t want to be the version of me that stood against you anymore.”
Then it’s Sam’s turn to huff, though his is more of a scoff.
sorry about the shorter chapter, but a break anywhere else would've been incredibly awkward, and i'm trying to get ahead a little so i don't stress myself out over the next month while i move and start classes again
“Okay, hop to. How’re you feelin’ about the Iron Legion these days? Been practicing your multitasking?”
“Suddenly?” Tony laughs like he's drowning and the armor bursts into the room. He doesn’t assemble the armor around him, just has it stand sentry beyond his right shoulder and stare Steve in the face. Steve’s eyes flicker from man to machine and back again.
“Underground,” Vision says eventually. “Where they were hidden away.”
It’s not specifically that Pepper leaving made him that much more willing to take risks with his life, but he just doesn’t think he could’ve enacted such a protocol with how much he knew the waiting stressed Pepper out. It would’ve (metaphorically) killed him to know he’d given her false hope like that just to finish out a battle. Logically, he knows that saving the world, finishing the fight, is more important than even Pepper’s feelings, but he was selfish. He’d taken on an obligation to put Pepper’s feelings first when they started dating, and that was always fundamentally flawed from the get-go, because he knew his life belonged to Iron Man and would be spent making up for his sins.
“No,” Tony says, “you don’t.”
And—right there. Steve’s gearing up for his Bucky-was-innocent speech. Tony catches Natasha’s eye and she glances quickly to his mic and back. He’s talking before he’s even registered leaning forward.
“I know,” Steve says, quieter, less happy. He glances at Tony quickly before looking back at the trees. “I’m sorry it’s had to be you this entire time.”
Steve gives him a look, a twist of the mouth and a lift of an eyebrow. He picks up Tony’s hand from where it’s still flung across his torso and starts manipulating Tony’s fingers, playing with them, running a fingertip back and forth across the calluses he finds. Tony, aware again of his position, turns onto his side, carefully not dislodging the hand in Steve’s grip.
“Tony…”
i will say i'm very glad i got ahead in my writing bc this last week has been so chaotic i've hardly had time to sleep, let alone write
“No, we need to talk about this,” Steve says, orders.
suspended a foot and a half above the floor.
She can still call him on his cellphone at any time, of course, but she must sense his desire for privacy, or have her hands full running the compound, because she doesn’t.
but grins around it.
“Who’ve we got?” he asks, wiping his hands with an oil rag.
Apparently Clint introduced him to the show and Bucky was hooked right away. He’s fascinated with the way societal rules have been turned inside out since WWII, and the strange way the starring women navigate their insane amounts of wealth. Or, at least, that’s the way he tells the story. Tony secretly thinks Bucky might have the entire personality of a wine mom.
“Good of you to join us,” Sam said. It sounded like he was teasing, but Tony’s opinion of the man had improved greatly when he’d realized that was just how Sam sounded most of the time. Even now, Tony checked, and his smile was genuine enough. He and Bucky were both in chairs, a Backgammon board on a coffee table between them. Bucky was pouting, and even as fuzzy as Tony felt, the game made his chest ache faintly, distantly, just enough to be annoying, another static-filled cluster of nerves.
Bucky says.
“Guess we’re officially a moderately sized army,” Natasha says.
Steve guides them all the way back to the living quarters. Tony turns instinctually when they’re next to his door and Steve, who was making a beeline for his own room, pauses, looking mildly alarmed. His eyes flicker from Tony to Tony’s door to Steve’s own door and back to Tony. It’s so ridiculous Tony thinks it might be cute and holy actual fuck Rhodey was right. Tony’s fucked.
“Okay, that’s enough, I’ve had it, come here, Cap,” he says. If Tony expected Steve to look surprised, he was wrong. Steve scoots closer, to the middle seat of the couch, and Tony tugs on the collar of his shirt. “C’mon,” he coaxes.
“Right,” he says, eyeing the non-effect. The woman with the dog is dragging it away by the collar, and the only other stragglers are idiots pointing their iPhones at the danger.
“That doesn’t—” she begins.
“You come in to my lab, just to disrespect me like this?” he says dramatically, so Tony thinks he must not be too mad. Bruce shakes his head and says, “Ridiculous. Hand me that solution. No, not—the one marked with red tape.
Quiet descends eventually, once the laughter runs its course, and a sharp stab of anxiety makes Tony want to flee. It’s a loaded kind of silence, holding its breath for something big. Tony’s spent most of his adult life molding himself into the kind of person a bedmate would never confess their love to, but that’s what this moment was designed for—confession, heavy and soft, reinforced. The anxiety bubbles over into terror when Steve rolls onto his side and wiggles down so his head is resting against Tony’s shoulder. Tony makes a show of breathing evenly and wills Steve to have mercy on him, even as Steve opens his mouth.
He had a third realization too, that he was still being effectively cradled by Steve, but at that point it was more of a resigned feeling than a jolt. When he shifted again, Steve loosened his grip so Tony could move, and he only twisted around so he was half sitting on Steve and half sitting next to him on the chair and facing forward. He squinted immediately.
“Yeah.” She picks up her fork and starts in on her salad, pointing at him with the spinach. “He’s on thin ice though, and you should pass on the message.”
Sam joins them after a while, complaining about what an entire asshole Bucky is, and he doesn’t seem to be judging Tony either, even when he has a second beer. He catches Nat looking at him, but she looks away just as quickly so he doesn’t have time to process her expression.
“I looked up and you were gone,” Steve says.
“Latverian head of state and certified genius,” Clint says. “Also just. Certifiable.”
Tony putters for a minute or two, trying to get people bored enough to be calm. It works, mostly; more than a couple pairs of eyes glaze over. Bruce is looking ready to check out of the conversation entirely when Tony decides to move on.
“Shh,” Steve says, and briefly rests his hand on top of Tony’s head (even though his hair is admittedly disgusting). “Right back, okay?”
“Who told on me?” Tony asks, doing a barrel roll over a couple bots as they charge up and take aim. He breaks when he hears the fire go off and mentally cheers when the laser beam sails by him into the sky, not hitting a building or the armor to bounce around. “Brucie?”
“Define ‘infected,’” Steve says. There’s a beat of silence, and then another. “Scarlet Witch, report.”
“I know,” Steve says.
“Right,” Tony says. “I could eat. Hey, hand me that shirt?”
“Yes!” Tony says, waving a hand toward Steve’s face. Was that unclear?
“No protocol. Well—maybe text the groupchat, and if you’re in charge of the meeting that week try not to dump it on someone’s lap last minute, but. We’re all adults here.” He spares a look at Peter. “Except you, no offense—and, I know: friendly neighborhood Spider-Man, but you still get to know what’s happening, and you’re
“Hey, Hap,” Tony says as the other man lingers behind the kid, looking antsy and ready to run for it.
“It’s…okay,” Tony says cautiously, thinking back to finding Bucky last night. “I’m still—it’s strange to be around everyone all at once. But one-on-one I think I’m solid with almost everyone.”
“Hey, Friday,” Steve says then, “save that progress for me?”
“Oh, given the chance? Yeah, I’d tap that,” Rhodey says, “because he’s hot. And you said
“So,” Sam says, when they’re about three floors from the living quarters, “you sticking around this time or flying off in the dead of night?”
Tony smiles because, holy hell, yeah, this creature is definitely a mini-Lang, genuine curiosity and twinkling eyes and all.
(See the end of the chapter for
Pros: it’s exceptionally soft and worn.
also! i've decided that, since i don't have anyone beta reading this, if anyone takes the time to point out typos, continuity errors, etc., i'll show my gratitude by writing a short oneshot for whatever prompt you've got for me
He twists then, still lying on the ground, and his breath gets caught on a laugh.
“Okay,” Tony says, “while I’m sure your culinary skills are nothing to sneeze at, you just made food with Vision, who doesn’t actually ingest food. The traffic light was originally intended for robot-made smoothies, to tell if they were going to end me without offending the little guys.”
“I still don’t know—“ Tony grimaces, doesn’t look at Steve, stops thinking about Howard of all people. “About Wanda.”
“Fri,” he says, hisses, because she’s the only one left. And Tony doesn’t want to die alone. He doesn’t. Been there, done that, it sucked.
“Awesome,” Tony deadpans. Steve’s fingers linger, trail down, settle on his knee and squeeze.
flits through his head and it reminds him with a jolt of genuine surprise that they were supposed to do exactly that. And Tony would ask himself how in the hell he could’ve forgotten that, but there was an alien attack to consider, and then the small matter of his own infection and subsequent days of unconsciousness, followed by the adjustment of waking up to Extremis.
Weekly team meetings (or
“Uh—well,” Steve says. “What are we making again?”
“The sooner we start,” Sam says, “the sooner we can scatter.” He nods his head in Tony’s direction, and prompts him with a, “What’s up?”
“That’s all I want,” Steve says slowly, and promptly swoops in for another kiss.
“It’s just your standard hey, if I happen to go bat-shit or spontaneously turn into an alien, you’d take me out before anyone got hurt, right?”
If the worst has happened, Steve owes Tony nothing less than his greatest effort to bring him back. Barring that, he deserves all the dignity Steve can offer.
“Want some coffee?” he offers, and Bucky looks even more surprised. Annoyance flashes through him—he really wishes people would stop being so shocked when he shows basic humanity—but it burns out just as quickly. It’s not like he’s given Bucky any reason to think he’d do anything but go on about his business and keep from showing Bucky his back. It’s somehow easier though to interact with Bucky without being watched, without someone breathing down both their necks waiting for Tony to snap or whatever it is they seem to be waiting for. Well—they haven’t been waiting lately, but there’s a tension that’s like being watched. Tony thinks they know he’s past attacking the man—he’s invited Bucky to live at the compound for God’s sake—but they all know he’s still uncomfortable. He doesn’t hide it very well. (To be fair, he hasn’t had that much time to get used to it yet.)
Steve, who seems to have been reassured by this point that no one’s currently in trouble, settles into a small smile and goes to grab a Dr. Pepper from the fridge before going back to the living room.
“Believe it or not,” he says, “Tony is fairly invested in his own continued existence these days. Hasn’t always been the case, but I think he really was doing what he thought was best.”
Tony does kind of want to rip Steve’s hand away from his chest then. He wants to run and hide, but not as much as he longs to stay. So he sits there, very still except for how he rises and falls with Steve’s breathing. For a while, he matches their breaths, inhaling when Steve exhales, keeping himself at an even level. He wonders if it’s uncomfortable for Steve at all, to have the weight of Tony’s skull, his shoulders and spine against his torso, holding him down.
“Never,” Steve says, and his voice is still hard, but every part of his expression that was mocking is gone, crumpled very slightly. His voice is softer this time when he says, “Tony.”
“Well I won’t say we shouldn’t accept temporary help in the middle of a crisis,” Tony says. “That would be—naive, to say the least. Shit happens, very unpredictable shit. But—no, I also don’t think every person we fight alongside should immediately get thrown on the roster.”
“Pepper’s going to be pissed,” she says, and it’s supposed to be a joke but, Christ, someone really needs to call Pepper. And Rhodey.
Today it’s Bruce, Steve, and Vision in the kitchen when he gets there.
The armor puts itself back in the display case and powers down, and both Rhodey and Tony watch until the eyes and reactor go dark.
And then the medical team’s there, and someone tells Steve he has to move, and then there are hands on Steve’s shoulders and he really does move. Tony makes a sound when Steve’s hand leaves his hair and, oh, did he say his heart broke before, because he must’ve been wrong then. This is what it feels like.
“Be calm, Mr. Stark,” she tells him.
“Good—” Steve chokes ever-so-slightly as his eyes land on something beyond Tony’s shoulder, “morning? Christ, why are we awake?”
“I—thanks,” Peter says quickly. “I’ve been here before, actually. Briefly. Never to the garage, I guess. Or most of the rest of it.”)
“Obviously not,” he says, shrugs. Steve clenches his jaw, sways forward.
The words themselves make Tony grit his teeth, but the tone is neutral enough. He has to remind himself that Steve’s really trying to have a conversation here. Maybe Steve even gets where Tony’s coming from and just needs it mapped out like a combat plan. Communication. It’s a new concept for them, of course it’ll be a little clunky at first. Tony wills that to be the case.
“You were welcomed into the compound and onto the team, no questions asked,” he says. “Your goal for years prior to that was revenge on Tony, and nothing really happened to change that. At best, you proved you weren’t willing to let the world burn to get your payback, and yet.”
“So much for being adults,” Wanda says dryly. When Tony looks over, she’s sitting up straight, one hand in her lap, the other delicately on the table. Both serious and joking, maybe. Vision speaks up before anyone else can comment on it.
“Thanks,” Tony doesn’t say, though he does slide one of his hands up inside Steve’s shirt to run his fingers over the ridges of his abs, which he thinks is at least similar.
“Okay?” he asks quietly.
This is good, a step in the right direction, and Tony wills himself to believe it. It’s ridiculous to feel like he’s unwanted because Steve didn’t email him personally. This is what Tony asked for, explicitly. The fact that Steve finally seems to be showing the barest hint of respect for Tony shouldn’t feel like this, but it’s only highlighting how much Steve would trust literally anyone over Tony—whether it be a team of lawyers, a stranger he met on a morning run (yes, he means Wilson; he’s a good man, but Tony can admit to still being hurt he didn’t even get a call during DC), the girl who willingly joined HYDRA and volunteered for experimentation on the off chance she’d get revenge on Tony.
“Um…” The scrunch between Steve’s eyes gets deeper briefly before smoothing out again. “I think so? I mean, I think that’s what I’m hearing, maybe.”
“A noble move,” Thor says lowly.
“Not what I meant,” Tony says, and he doesn’t know what he’s feeling except that he feels a lot of it, and that he’s present in the moment again. Whatever reality he’s in, he’s really
There’s a pause there in which Tony tries to think of something to say. Sam beats him to it.
“Happened to me a lot right after Rebirth,” Steve said eventually. “One of the only physical downsides to the serum.” Tony picked up a banana from the bowl behind Steve and started to peel it. “Really thought I was dying the first time, like maybe my senses would keep enhancing right up until they killed me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha’s mouth goes tight, and Bruce has his eyebrows raised like he’s waiting for an answer. It stings, though Tony had half-expected it. Bruce doesn’t like being told what to do, doesn’t like being controlled. The man falls asleep if anyone else talks too long about feelings. Before Tony can think of a point reasonable enough to sway Bruce, Sam snorts.
“There are enough options,” Natasha adds, “that we could all end up with an entirely different therapist, if that’s how it shakes out. The four profiles you have now are just the most promising. There are options, and if none of them work out, we can find more.”
Friday comes quickly.
He remembers, simultaneously, the warmth of coming to awareness wedged between Steve and the couch back, and the absolute zero leaking from his own mouth, into his own blood, the air around them as he’d hissed,
I miss him, Steve thinks. And then thinks, this isn’t usually the thing making me sad on my birthday. Usually it’s the memory of Bucky, the year after Steve’s mom passed, and how he did overtime down at the docks for two weeks just so they could make a cake. But that one doesn’t sting like it usually does, like it used to. Maybe because he appreciated it at the time, knew what it took for Bucky to do that for him, and he was grateful. He’s never seemed to be able to pull that off for Tony except in hindsight. Because right after the Chitauri? Tony was going through such heavy mental shit at the time, and he still remembered—and reminded the others about—Steve’s birthday. And when Steve told that anecdote at a dinner party with Pepper in earshot, some of her cocktail came out her nose. Because, try as he might, Tony doesn’t remember birthdays. He just doesn’t, except that he did. For Steve. And the fact that he somehow anticipated that an expensive gift would make Steve uncomfortable and did his own version of a homemade gift, even if at the time Steve thought Tony must’ve forgotten and had to slap it together at the last minute. Steve spent every year with the Avengers pining for his old life and completely missing out on a new family, and he didn’t even know it until that was out of reach, too.
“Okay,” Steve says after a moment, “how far out are the others?”
“I keep thinking,” Steve says eventually. “I should’ve known something was wrong sooner.”
“Not right now we don’t,” Tony says. “Why in God’s name do you think I flew to the entire other side of the country?” He laughs, and Steve’s shoulders stiffen. “You need to get the hell out of my home. You can’t be here. And you wanna know what else?” Tony pauses, and Steve says nothing. “You need some fucking help, and you need to get it away from me.” Something in Steve’s mask breaks then, his eyebrows crease together, and the corners of his mouth turn down.
“Not injured,” she says and, Jesus, she’s not even using complete sentences anymore.
“Why tell me that now?” Tony asks, and he’s frustrated but curious, too.
He wants the team to be a cohesive unit, with the same goals
Tony takes about half an hour to text back, and when he does it’s to offer up root beer floats for the menu. Steve admits he’s never had one before, and Tony sends back a simple
Bucky schools his expression quickly for a guy who just woke up, and deadpans, “My therapist would call this a violation of my privacy. Which is a thing I’m
“You know, Rogers,” Tony says, and he still sounds mean, but he also sounds tired: calm and certain and a little bit dead, “you’re going to end up killing me.” He says it like the fact it is, and Steve’s standing suddenly, hands limp at his sides instead of crossed. “Droves of people will gather for my funeral and tell stories about how I hurt you.”
“I—” Tony says, stops. He really does feel emboldened being alone with Bucky, freer to speak even though he knows that’s not the case. It’s just that alone Bucky’s just Bucky, they’re just two pretty screwed up dudes awake between super-late and nobody-wakes-up-at-this-hour-voluntarily o’clock. With any of the others around, the social context between the two of them becomes unavoidable. “Just. If there’s anything you need, you know you can always ask me, or Friday, or Steve.”
He wants to bolt, but he takes his time with The Routine because fuck if he doesn’t need a moment to think. Too bad it doesn’t help anything. There’s static in his head. His thoughts are all a mess of happiness and wariness and the weight of Steve’s head in his lap and the way he radiates heat and the way Tony’s face burns when he remembers who Steve chose and the way Steve seemed to trust him, to lay against him, to want to be there.
“Okay, okay,” Sam says from the ground, wiping a tear from his eye. He sticks his hand up and Steve automatically reaches down to hoist him to his feet. “I’ve got actual shit to do today, so we should get started, but—phew.” Sam pops up, bouncing on the balls of his feet, looking altogether much happier to be awake so early. “Thanks for that, Stark.” He motions to the elevator and looks pointedly at Steve.
“So,” Tony says, drowning his plate with the syrup. “How’re you feeling, Tweetie?”
“You were working with Ross!” Bruce growls, literally
Tony knocks on the table twice in acknowledgement. He’s the slightest bit disconcerted. He’s never had this problem with accepting drinks before, not from his team, but maybe it’s a one-time thing, like when Natasha first returned. He decides not to worry about it.
“Other than that, all I need from you is what I needed from the beginning. Read the Accords. Keep us together, like you said.”
“Are we?” Tony asks, half bitter and half curious. He takes a deep breath, feels like he’s burning from the inside out. Steve huffs and his eyelids flutter.
Tony feels like he’s breathing through a straw, afterimages of Wanda’s straitjacket and Sam’s cut-up face flashing to the surface.
“Boss?” FRIDAY says, and she’s an AI, Tony knows he can’t hear uncertainty in her voice because that’s not the personality he programmed her with, but he thinks she is uncertain; she wasn’t around before Tony was a constant wreck, doesn’t know his usual ways of dealing with bullshit like this. The norm for her is hardly the wider sense of normality Tony knows from life before everything went to hell in a hand basket. “Would you like me to call—”
“I was afraid,” Tony admits quietly. The movie drones on in the background, Amy Adams’ marriage dissolving around her, lights splashing against Tony’s eyelids. The paintings in the movie, the children with their wide eyes, they remind him of kids whose lives he’s ruined all over the world, children like Wanda and Pietro and countless others.
“FRIDAY wants to know if you want the blanket from your workshop. The heavy one.”
“Yeah.”
She relents after a moment and puts the water bottle down by his hand, and he picks it up.
“’Course it was,” Bucky mumbles, arms crossed, but even Tony can tell he’s fighting a smile. Steve rolls his eyes.
He shoots off a message to T’Challa and gets to mass producing arrow shafts and some of the more basic arrowheads for Clint, some new cartridges for the Widow’s Bites, and, when he’s done with that and still has no helpful responses, a software update for Redwing. He doesn’t look up until FRIDAY turns the music down and announces Rhodey’s arrival.
There’s a brief scuffle on the other side of the line, some muted shouting, before Bruce replies.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re tellin’ me,” Rhodey says.
He sits down and tells himself it’s time to seriously consider if he’s ready to talk to Steve again, talk for real, about how he feels, what he wants. Five minutes later he realizes he’s mentally tweaking the parameters for AVALON and making a checklist of the things he still needs to do for it to be optimally functional.
“Okay?” he says.
“Steve,” Tony says, though it comes out low and afraid and ends in a pained moan. “Please.”
Tony blinks.
Tony hums, and even that sounds hoarse. It gets him half a laugh in response anyway.
And the real kicker is that Tony desperately wants to be able to help his teammates. He wants them to be okay, to not be carrying around emotional wounds, and he would’ve built something to keep them safe in that way, too, if he knew how.
“Of course,” Tony says. He’s pretty sure, at least, and that’s always been good enough for him.
“I don’t know what you want me to say,” Tony says.
It’s oddly reminiscent of them working on the Accords, but…better. More familiar. They’re coordinating through text instead of email, and without the entire team of lawyers working as a buffer zone between their short fuses. Tony thinks of how far they’ve come, the growth they’re exhibiting just by being able to do this and he swivels on his stool so Bruce doesn’t catch him smiling to himself like an idiot.
It is, as hospitals always are, a bunch of hurry up and wait once they’re there.
“Okay,” Steve says, and Tony can feel himself shaking.
“You can even bring a tablet.”
Steve shifts around as Tony carefully tries to slip out from under the covers.
“Honestly, Tones?”
“Hey, Friday, hit Cap’s phone with that blackmail material, will ya?” Tony says. He doesn't know what he wants from this exchange, but he knows he’s going to have to change their track fast before they get any further. Then, as Sam comes back with a bottle for him and one for Steve, “Sam’s too.”
“Yes,” Wanda says.
“Dummy?” Bucky says in disbelief, but he approaches Tony anyway, the bot trailing behind. “You actually named him—”
“—Terry, Torrence, Tiger, whatever. I think the word you’re looking for is, dunno—hey, Cap?” He angles his head so he can look up at Steve, and Steve’s looking back already, half-smiling a genuine-looking half-smile.
“I played it by ear earlier,” Steve admitted, “but I’m sorry if I…guessed wrong, at any turn. If I did anything you weren’t comfortable with, I won’t do it again.”
“Correct,” Tony says, and puts one of the mugs down at Bruce’s elbow. “And I’d appreciate it if you didn’t hate me.”
“Please,” Tony says. “If a mass of space debris were heading for earth, we’d be the ones stopping it.”
“Oh, but it was,” Vision says back, a shit-eating grin on his face that makes his voice sound perfectly like JARVIS in that moment. “Had it not been a simulation, we would have died a horrible, fiery death. You would have, anyway. Organic body and all that.”
“Oh,” Tony says, “that’s. I mean, I’m not one to look a gift horse in the mouth—”
He’s sitting on the love seat next to Natasha, and they don’t normally instigate any kind of meaningful touch, but they don’t shy away from it, either. Her knee is on top of his thigh and their forearms rest on each other occasionally. Sitting close to her, feeling comforted but not coddled, he can admit to himself that he feels rotten, like he doesn’t belong, unwanted in his own goddamn house. If Nat can feel how tense he is, she doesn’t say a thing, but she does sing along to “Everybody Wants to Be a Cat.” Scott joins in and Sam buries his face in his hands and groans through the whole thing, but Tony keeps his eyes on the TV and his mind on Natasha’s fingers where they tap against his hand and thinks, she came home first, all on her own. Maybe she doesn’t mind Tony’s presence so much as the others.
When Bruce finally shuffles through, he doesn’t do much better. His hands are in his pockets and he looks freshly showered, hair not quite dry. Natasha or FRIDAY must’ve shown him his room (Tony brought all of Bruce’s things over when he sold the tower in the city, stuck them all in a new room just in case) because he’s dressed in some of his old things, and he’s got shoes on finally.
“Not necessarily,” Steve agrees. “But I don’t think acknowledging what happened is going to set us back any. You—there’s no excuse for what we let happen. What I, as the leader of this team, let happen. And I’m sorry, Tony. I think I need to spell out what went wrong just so—we can both know that I’m at least capable of understanding why it was so messed up.” The tree quakes as Steve moves. When Tony looks up, Steve’s right there, half leaning on the apple tree’s trunk, half wrapped around it. “So I can prove I won’t let it happen again.”
“A nap?” Sam will say.
Tony runs his mouth the entire time, alternating between explaining the arm’s features and scolding DUM-E. Bucky stays entirely, eerily still and totally quiet. In reality, the adjustments and fitting only take a few minutes at most, and then Tony watches as the plates slide and click into place, almost flawlessly except for a section in the back, behind Bucky’s armpit where the metal plates are small and fold into one another to mimic the range of motion of a normal human arm. Tony breathes around his panic, waiting out every instinct his brain can throw at him, even as he watches Bucky frown and twist, trying to see what the problem is.
Bruce’s affection for Tony has always bled over into how the Hulk feels about him, ever since that first battle. This, what appears to be happening now, simply doesn’t compute for Steve. He looks back at the Hulk and traces his line of sight again and, right there, he’s obviously looking at Tony, low to the ground and growling.
“And what did Shuri do?” Steve asks, much less suspicious than he probably should be, mostly seeming fond.
Colors are different now. Enhanced, like everything else. The bluejay is four different shades of blue, and none of them solid. He can see the gradients, the fades and the flaws. It’s less simple, maybe, but more beautiful.
And suddenly Tony’s blinking back tears, feeling like some kind of complete idiot, what the fuck.
“It’s guilt, Tony,” she says, quiet and soft now, like she’s breaking it to him gently. “He feels guilty.”
“Still better than the meetings,” he says. “Those things make me nostalgic for SHIELD, which is a feeling I actively avoid.”
Tony tells the Avengers about the tentacles, to be careful of them.
There was a beat of silence where Tony resolutely stared ahead.
Technically, Steve knows he has a master override as the leader of the Avengers, but he trusts Tony, he does.
Instead of dragging Bruce when the doors open again, Tony links his elbow with Bruce’s and gives him a tug. Tony still ends up supporting more of his weight than normal, but neither mentions it. In fact, they don’t talk again until Tony’s led them to Bruce’s quarters and Bruce is half-sprawled, half-flopped onto the bed. Tony huffs and moves to take Bruce’s shoes off for him. Just to be petty, he slips them off Bruce’s feet without untying the laces, because he knows it’ll bother the hell out of the big guy later.
“I’ll try to remember that,” Steve says.
“Not,” he gestures at the door they’ve been barred from entering, “whatever this is, but back. Before Ultron. In the early stages of the Cradle research, we were messing with Extremis.”
“I’ve got work to do,” he said, except he wasn’t doing that work anymore because Steve was in his workshop and FRIDAY had turned the music down for his sensitive super hearing, and there was the fabrication unit in the corner that was making this god-awful grinding noise he could suddenly hear because of the lack of music and— “Fri? Halt the new gauntlets for a sec, will ya?”
“It’s easy to be mad at you,” Bruce admits, and drags himself up to a sitting position, leaning back against the headboard.
hey look it's only one (1) week late this time!!
Tony pukes (or dry heaves, really) three more times by the time Natasha gets there.
“Okay,” Tony says. He sits up fully now, well and truly awake thanks to that bit of adrenaline. The sensation of the sheet flows over him like a wave, soft and light. “Awesome, right. Because I did the thing.”
“I believe you,” he says, “this just makes it more edible.”
“Nat,” Tony whines because, come on, that’s playing dirty. Downright unfair. He turns the rest of his body into Steve, grabbing a fistful of his t-shirt and throwing a leg up over his hip, feeling ridiculously triumphant when Steve allows it. “Save some for me!”
“Exactly.”
“I suspect so,” Thor says.
“Victor von Doom,” Natasha says slowly, catching up. “Latverian, uh—ruler.”
“Hercules kills him, Tony,” Steve says, and the frown is right there, in his voice. Tony turns and props himself on an elbow again and, yeah, Steve’s frowning, looking sour and concerned. The movement disconnects Steve’s hand from his leg, but it’s easier to think like this.
“He seems like a good one,” Steve says. He looks tired, head listless against the headrest, eyes half-lidded but definitely open—he’s smiling too, an exhausted and secret curve to his lips.
Team Bonding Nights are official. Not mandatory, but highly encouraged. Steve reasons it’s important for everyone to feel like they’ve spent time together outside of combat and high stress situations and, given recent events, Tony doesn’t exactly disagree anymore.
Why do they both sound so pissed off? This isn’t the conversation Tony came here to have. Which Steve is this? Why, why,
“I’m looking forward to it.”
“Enough!” Thor says from Tony’s right. The boom, the sheer command in his voice, is enough to startle Tony. He’s been quiet so far, but now his back is straight and he’s looking around in disappointment
“Well,” Tony says. “Generally, it’s going to make me more efficient.”
“This.” Tony gestures at Steve, and Steve only blinks back in confusion and for the love of everything holy, he really doesn’t get it, does he? “This thing, where you sabotage your entire life and everyone you care about for someone who isn’t even around.”
“I don’t quite get how that translates to the double standard here, Cap.”
He has FRIDAY call for his private jet instead of just taking the suit; the gash in his side is still healing and sustained flight isn’t going to help right now. The crew even has time to file a flight plan. Pepper used to give him shit about that a lot, especially between Afghanistan and their breakup. She’d point out how often he seems to go missing, and at least he could fly IFR and give them a viable starting point when he inevitably drops off the face of the planet again.
“Of course I’m coming back, I already—”
dies on Tony’s tongue before he says it, because he doesn’t want to deal with that right away in the morning (whether he’s actually slept yet or not), and he doesn’t think either Steve or Bruce do either. Vision might but, again, there’s a reason he’s Tony’s favorite.
T’Challa hums and pops another pepperoni in his mouth.
“Uh—right,” he says, and he sounds downright dubious now. “Can I—talk to Mr. Stark again?”
Steve’s face doesn’t something complicated that ends in a deep sigh.
Slowly, beside him, Steve settles, slows down, and starts brushing his thumb across Tony’s hand. Tony gives him a couple minutes more after that.
“Did you just wake up?”
now?” Sam asks, seven shades of exasperated.
“I think we can manage,” Clint says.
Tony snorts. Steve breathes, and then again, a little deeper. He’s not surprised Tony doesn’t believe him, but he wishes he lived in a world where Tony could, where it wasn’t even a question.
Sam comes in first and does an actual double-take at all the food. Looking startled, his eyes go from the food to Tony to Steve to Thor and all the way back to the food.
“I stopped talking,” Tony says again, and then grimaces because, right,
“Working on it,” Tony grounds out. For some reason, Steve seems to relax at this, content to wait now that he knows it’s not a dead end exercise. Tony, in turn, relaxes, knowing he’s not being rushed, and starts to slowly put his thoughts into order.
“French toast?” Vision asks before Bucky can even reply.
And there, button found, rise gotten. It may not have been exactly what he’d been trying to say, but lashing out has always been his strong suit.
There’s a moment of silence, only the work of a few seconds, though it feels longer for how big it is, before she looks at Rhodey.
“They could be,” Tony points out. Bruce scoffs.
"Jesus, Rogers," Tony says under his breath. That’s not what he means to say, precisely, but it’s definitely what he feels. Because of course Steve was out there in the middle of the worst war in recent human memory, the same war that turned Howard into an impatient, bitter old man, and Captain America was sitting there, learning about constellations with the other Howlies.
“What’s up, man?” Sam says. He sounds half-suspicious and half-worried. “Everything okay?”
He doesn’t even hear the end of the sentence. The thought rises, unbidden, from the sea of his brain, clearing away the clutter for a split second as he thinks,
After a moment, Tony says, “Thank you.” It’s awkward and too honest and he hates it. Thankfully, T’Challa must sense his discomfort, or be too busy to talk about feelings and duty with Tony Stark all day, because he moves on.
“I need to go home,” Tony says, feeling immeasurably tired, and sad and angry and hurt and grateful, but mostly tired. He smiles over at Steve and lets his head roll against the short wall behind him. Steve nods, a crease between his eyebrows. He nods, but he doesn’t get up. Instead, he pulls out his phone and taps on it for a few seconds. When he sets his cell down on the ground by his hip, he looks up at Tony and gives the smallest smile.
“And Barnes came back missing an arm,” Sam muses.
He’s tempted to do a few things at this very moment, including, but not limited to: texting Rhodey an SOS; jumping out his bedroom window and letting FRIDAY snatch him up in a suit, taking him very very far away; sinking through the floor, to the simple bliss of no longer existing.
“We okay?” she asked.
Oh, he’s dealt with insomnia for most of his adult life. He’s gone through all the flavors: nightmares, mania, grief-driven, simple ceiling staring, painsomnia. Nearly all of them have one thing in common: the exhaustion. Mania’s the exception there, but even that’s its own kind of hell.
“I’m sorry,” Tony tells Chicago at 4AM. “Please.”
“When will we know?” Natasha asks. Her voice is dry, cracking.
“Code recognized,” FRIDAY says. Steve actually does puke a little in his mouth then, and Clint gives a low, impressed whistle.
all he can give without dying (and even then, he knows this will most likely kill him someday, that that’s how these stories end). For it to be anything worth while, they have to meet him where he is right now, standing here with this list.
“I know,” Steve says, a little calmer than before. There’s a brief pause where Tony feels like it’s his turn to say something, but he doesn’t have a clue as to what he’s supposed to say. Steve huffs out a laugh, looks away briefly, then back. “You’re the engineer, and I’m a field commander.”
The door cracks open, and then swings, and Steve’s stepping out and shutting it behind him. They’re facing each other, and Steve only pauses for a moment before he appears to accept the situation at face value.
“Oh, yeah,” Tony says, and notices that Steve and Rhodey are the only ones who look relaxed. “The rumors of my death have been greatly exaggerated. Again. What’s new.”
To Tony’s mild chagrin, the nickname slides off Bucky’s back like water. He’ll have to do better, apparently.
Sometimes Tony gets caught in these thought loops still. Other times, he does everything right, even that breathing exercise Bruce taught him back in the day, and the memories come at him in his nightmares, vivid and terrible.
“Steve, wait,” Tony says. Then to Bruce, “Beholden? You think this is, what, an ego trip I’m on?”
“I can’t do this,” Steve says again, emphatically. He steps away from Tony then, flails his arms out and gestures at the space around them. Tony spins to face him and narrows his eyes. When he speaks, it’s with an attempt at lightheartedness and a reminder that matching Steve’s tone is rarely helpful.
“Please,” Tony scoffs. “After the first couple days of unconsciousness and touch-and-go-ness I was fine.
Tony takes off up the stairs, two at a time.
“Queens,” Tony says, watching Steve’s balance carefully as he gets in the passenger seat, though he really does look okay.
“Understood,” Vision says.
Whatever, though. They’re all alive and on their feet, he tells himself. Despite the odds. The Hulk is even ambling over, which is definitely new. He’s never been much one for listening, but not for lack of effort from the others. Steve's not going to look a gift horse in the mouth at this point.
Not this.
Tony unfolds himself from the chair, stands with his fingers hooked into Steve’s belt loops. When he exhales, it feels like relief. When Steve’s hands slide down from Tony neck, over his shoulders to his arms, his wrists, his hands, and untangles them from his pants, when his smirk turns more playful, more mischievous than tender, and that—it takes some of the pressure off the situation, just a bit, so Tony doesn’t feel like he’s quite so exposed. Steve walks backward the entire way to the elevator, only turning slightly and freeing one of his hands to call it, moving the other to the small of Tony’s back.
“Yes,” he hisses quietly to himself. “Magic fridge. Magic
The first voice he can pick out is Clint’s, loud and exasperated and familiar. Tony wants to smile, wants to be included in the team again, but he doesn’t want to walk into the room and watch everyone close down. He just—he misses them, and he doesn’t know where they stand after everything that’s happened. (It feels like a lot has happened, but it probably hasn’t been as much for everyone else.)
“Let it,” Steve says.
“There are lists of therapists to choose from in your files,” Tony says into the somber room. He feels like he’s reading out someone’s last will and testament, and the ridiculousness of it is the only thing keeping his voice steady. That, and probably Extremis somehow.
“We’ve got some things to talk about,” he says bluntly, and shoots a smile Sam’s way when he snorts. “Namely, the structure of this team and functionality of day-to-day operations.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cap,” Tony says.
Tony doesn’t doubt Steve’s mind, that he’s thought through their shared past and come to different conclusions. Hindsight is 20/20 after all, and Steve’s shown both with his emotional reactions and his words that he solidly regrets how some things worked out.
Tony does something he tries not to do these days: he assumes. And he’s assuming that nobody got an eye taken out by shrapnel, or Clint would’ve mentioned it.
At least, he thinks, Clint and Nat are already in on this one.
is what Thor calls bacon when he’s trying to be charming. Rolling his eyes, Tony moves past the living room to the kitchen. He starts a pot of coffee and sets to piling breakfast ingredients onto the island, pulling out anything he can find that even slightly plays into the meal as far as he can recall. Steve sits at one of the barstools, leaning on his elbows on the countertop, though he’s smiling just the slightest bit, just enough that Tony thinks he’s not doing it on purpose.
“Hey, Tones,” he says. Rhodey gestures to the side where the armor appears to still be standing sentinel. “You can probably call off the guard dog, y’know.”
“So,” Steve says, and then he pauses to laugh even though it feels hollow. “A sound strategic decision?”
Tony scoffed. He and Vision stayed where they were, Vision because the synthezoid doesn’t eat, and Tony because spicy food honestly sounded like some kind of hell right now. Instead, he picked up the tablet Steve had set down next to him and pulled up some investment briefing packet he'd gotten from Pepper the day before. He’d have to take a trip to Japan soon if this partnership is going to move forward, might as well be reading up.
Natasha doesn’t say anything for a moment, just searches his face with a few quick flicks of her eyes. She clenches her jaw when she’s done and walks towards him, long strides and swinging arms. Tony takes an aborted step back before he can stop himself.
He looks tired and unhappy, though he never could keep Thor in the dark for long, too eager to compare notes on differences between cultures, and too used to culture shock himself from his more aimless travels.
“No,” Bruce says. “What in God’s name—you both—you and Steve tore everything to shreds because, what. You were jealous? Because you couldn’t figure out how to deal with your sexual tension like a human being?”
“Just updated him on some things,” she says. “I thought we’d try out that thing where we don’t lie to our teammates. Doesn’t seem to be doing anybody any good.”
“Maybe not,” Tony agrees, fighting the urge to get defensive, to retreat into himself at the allusion to the Accords. “But it was.”
“Anytime.” And of course it sounded like a vow coming from Steve Rogers’ lips. It wasn’t, Tony told himself fiercely. Steve was a person, and he spoke in words, not vows; this had been a problem for them before.
From Steve, he wants—well. He wants. That’s the first thing to establish. There’s definite desire there, and more than just lust, it’s actual, real romantic desire. And lust. He wants the closeness, and the falling asleep, and the intimacy, and the honesty—all the things that have been building up. And he’s enough of an adult to be able to admit to himself that he wants other things too. Not necessarily more, but those other avenues of expression. He wants to take every avenue he’s allowed in this instance, though he has no idea which are open to him, or which might be closed. Hell, he’s getting ahead of himself. He doesn’t even know if Steve swings that way. His past devotion to Bucky would suggest so, though the fact that they don’t seem to be an item now suggests that Steve might just be that ridiculously intense about platonic entanglements.
Everyone’s sitting around the room, talking and dozing and leaning on one another. The picture window’s letting in the dusky light, and FRIDAY’s got the overheads dimmed to a warm glow. It hits Tony like a solid one-two punch to the gut: the deja vu first, and then the rightness of it. He remembers right when the Avengers reformed after the Accords. They’d fought together flawlessly when the situation demanded it, but coming home had proven just how broken they were, just how alone Tony still was, Avengers or not, because nobody trusted him and he didn’t trust any of them.
He’s interrupted by a flash of lightning and he pauses.
“That’s good,” Steve says quietly.
Tony had said, parroting Maria when she found him this late into a night.
The universe rewards him. When he gets to the kitchen, there’s already coffee in the pot. Tony notices the other people in the room, but ignores them to have a stare down with the coffee pot.
“Oh, and tell May I said hi,” Tony says, smug smile on his face.
“Restrictions lifted,” FRIDAY says. “Would you like to see a log of attempted communications during the restricted period?”
The conclusion is that Tony’s been missing for a good while, since right after the rogues returned, and that whoever was signing the Accords was either a LMD or someone in a photostatic veil (the existence of those little buggers came to light when Nat dumped the SHIELD files and now nobody trusts anything—it’s getting on his nerves a bit). He’s apparently been dead (or missing, the author is willing to allow), for a couple of months.
This was not the conversation Tony’d been gearing himself up for. He came ready to talk about the issue of the people-wanting-him-dead circle and the people-who-are-Avengers circle overlapping just a little too much for his liking, and he was prepared to fight for his assertion that they all desperately need an outside mental health professional keeping tabs on them—not whatever the hell this is.
“You’re right,” Steve says, and he sounds a little strangled. Then, calmer, “You’re right. It would save us all a lot of grief in the long run.”
He hears, then, and realizes he got distracted.
The door leads to a balcony, which happens to be the only place the door could’ve lead that has nowhere for Tony to vomit peacefully. He clutches at the railing and leans over as far as he can to get to the fresh air, desperately hoping he doesn’t puke. Been there, done that, about twenty years ago and all he remembers from that night is that sometimes there are people underneath the balcony when you throw stuff overboard.
Tony passes his hand over his mouth, wishing desperately he could stop putting that look on her face.
“Steve?” he says. “You hit your head, ’kay?”
Despite the fact that it’s just after one in the morning—and Jesus Christ, that early?—Pepper responds within five minutes.
“I trust you—I’m trying to trust you, but the point is that at the moment, it didn’t occur to me that I maybe shouldn’t. So.” In through the nose, out through the mouth. He tossed the banana peel into the trash can. “A step in the right direction.”
“Ankle rolled out from under me,” she says. “M’fine.”
“An eagle,” Steve says, still laughing at Tony, but he points again, showing which side is supposed to have the head and where the eagle’s tail is.
“There’s gotta be a portal,” Tony says, the realization hitting him so suddenly he feels a little dizzy. (Well, realization and blood loss.) “That’s how they got hundreds of aliens into the fucking middle of Chicago without anyone noticing. There’s a portal.”
“Of course,” Steve says. “Yeah. Lemme just grab my shoes.”
“Listen, wingman, there’s something else I need you to do.”
He stayed more or less like that until a shrill, heart-wrenching scream came from the stupidly realistic surround sound, louder than the entire movie had been thus far, and Tony thought, nonsensically, oh man, this is it, time to die. Everything pushed at him at once, every sound, the lights of the television, the small amount from the window even though it was night, the noise of breathing, the atmospheric pressure of people breathing around him, shifting, the magnetic fields of electronics and humming of lights, all of it pulsed harshly like a sledgehammer to his skull, his bones, his brain. He knew he had to be imagining about half of that shit, too, but he felt, just…everything all at once, so much, too much, everything—
“Careful what you’re moving up there,” Tony says.
He flops onto the bed, right in the middle, and stretches out to slip his phone onto the nightstand, reasoning that Steve can tell him to budge over and pick whichever side he wants.
“No,” Natasha says, low and dangerous and not a shout at all, and obviously all the more serious for it.
He adds a second spoonful of sugar even though he doesn’t like it that sweet, and drinks past the lump in his throat, even though it burns his tongue. He turns back to Steve, unaccountably relieved to see him clean, unhurt, breathing easy.
“Mr. Stark?” Peter says, and he sounds downright out of breath. Alarm sparks all the way down Tony’s spine. He puts the flat of his hand on the island and wills it to ground him.
The twinge turns into a growl and Tony realizes that he’s
But, he tells himself firmly, it’s not fair to ask Tony to pretend that Bucky’s body didn’t do it. He’s been thinking about this a lot, since he started talking to Sam and T’Challa about getting Bucky safely stateside, awake and free. With more time at his disposal, he knows, he can see what he didn’t have the patience for before.
“Oh, my God,” Bruce groans. “You’re only now having this freakout?”
“Too much,” he ground out. “Th’s too much.”
Tony scoffs. He can't help but remember the pleading tone in Steve’s voice when he’d met Tony’s eyes in Siberia—
“Or trying,” Tony admits, realizing his heart is pounding.
“No time like the present, boss?” FRIDAY says, a hint of wryness in her voice.
“Well,” Rhodey says, deadpan, “you better keep it up then.” A smile breaks through his expression then. “The heart is a muscle and all that.”
There's a knock at the door to his office, and Tony looks up to see Steve standing on the other side of the glass. True to his word, after the debrief, the team had sat down and voiced their respective hangups about the Accords. It had been surprisingly…civil. Tony had felt like a schoolteacher assigning homework, but decided it would go better if everyone went through a copy on their own, marking parts that sound suspicious or confusing. He also promised his door would be open to anyone and everyone if they wanted to discuss something or ask any questions, so Tony waves Steve in.
“You know you’ll still have to do a writeup,” Steve points out, sounding only a little like a tired parent. Clint flaps a hand dismissively.
a million thanks to everyone still reading this! comments are what keep me going and give me the motivation/life to keep on writing, so any&all are appreciated.
“Especially for the newer kids,” he says thoughtfully. Steve’s tense against him again, but he seems more excited than nervous now.
“Only if you hurry!” Natasha yells from the kitchen.
The room is hushed and tense, but nobody contradicts him.
He makes a compromise with himself: he can only go to the common floor when he gets all his ducks in a row about the whole
It’s just after 5 PM when a doctor comes in to give Steve the all-clear and raise his eyebrows disapprovingly at Tony’s choice of seat, and about 6 when the last of the paperwork has been signed.
“Are you?” Clint says. He’s got an eyebrow arched and his elbows on the counter now.
This went on until he found himself in a cave in Afghanistan and sort of had to confront some of the truths of his life.
“—whatever you need.” Steve looks frankly terrible. Manic, like he did that first month after DC, when he thought every idle moment was another nail in Bucky’s coffin. “Whatever you need to come home and feel safe there.”
Tony and Sam have never been the closest by any stretch of the imagination, but they’ve definitely become more familiar this time around. Sam’s not being quite as chipper as he normally is, either a product of the late hour or—as Tony suspects—he’s dialed down his emotive output.
“I don’t think you want me in a room filled with lawyers for anyone’s sake,” Steve admits, no longer quiet. Tony’s mixing in his sugar but lets out a laugh, too loud to be only polite.
If anyone’s stretching me too thin, it’s you, Tony doesn’t say.
He takes the scissors, touches one of the short blades to the base of his thumb, and slides it across to make a shallow cut. Blood beads quickly, and Tony pushes his hand forward just in time to catch the blood in the sink. He ignores the impulse to put pressure on it, and puts it under the tap instead, rinses it out. Before his eyes, the water turns pink as it washes away and he can see the skin start to knit itself back together. Strangely enough, it itches. Tony wrinkles his nose; the sting of the cut is quickly obliterated by the weirdly alien feeling of his body healing itself. But God does it itch. He pulls his hand out of the stream of the sink and makes two smaller cuts, each crossing the first, healed cut. And holy shit, it’s really no wonder how Captain America got to be such a reckless goddamn idiot when the physical consequences to his actions just disappear like that.
at that, like he does every time—like he did every time before. Tony’s stomach twists, two parts bitter and one part sweet.
He waits a good ten seconds to hang up, and then flips the phone closed. Maybe they didn’t fix anything, or even really talk about anything, but they did talk. The hopelessness from earlier has lifted if not disintegrated, and Steve puts the phone back in his pocket, as awkwardly as it fits.
Rhodey turns away, but not before Tony sees his smile.
“Fantastic now, thanks,” Tony says dryly. Rhodey’s smile only gets wider in response.
finals are over, i drove for about four days to get to my parents' house, went to visit family in NM for a week, got back to my parents' house around 1am yesterday, and here i am again. here's to hoping the next chapter doesn't take me an entire goddamn month
for holding my hand through this entire chapter. the absolute, very best of people.
They agree that Clint can never know.
He knows, intimately, the string of events that led to them all falling out, not trusting each other, choosing sides. He even understands some of them. But that doesn’t mean he knows why it happened. Sure, he can point to a hundred different points in the past few years where he could’ve made a decision differently, altered their course—but he doesn’t know why they needed to happen except in retrospect. He’s given his heart, body, mind—all of it—to the Avengers. His health, his relationship, all cut open on the altar to a team of people who thought he was an arrogant, selfish bastard. He wants it to work—the world
“I can’t sleep,” Tony says again, stiffly, mechanically. Something snaps back into place, then, like a rubber band recoiling. “I
“There’s always a portal,” Tony says, more to himself than to anyone else.
“Hearing your voice is the highlight of my day,” he says. DUM-E and U are still dancing around, and heading straight for each other. Tony reaches a hand in their direction and says, “Hey, guys, cool it—” but it’s no use, and they careen into one another, U rocking dangerously but thankfully not tipping over.
“Thanks,” Steve says, and his own smile feels sickly, weak. He’d been trying to fool himself into believing that it’s just another day, nothing special here, folks, move along. He’s done a piss-poor job mentally, he can’t stop thinking about home, and fireworks, and—yes, okay,
“Okay,” Steve whispers. He takes a deep breath and his hearing normalizes a little. He does it again. “I want someone getting updates from Chicago. Have Vision checking in.” Another breath. When Bruce rolls his sleeve down, he passes Steve’s arm to Bucky and Bucky tugs. He follows.
“Because she didn’t deserve it,” Tony says, just a touch bitterly.
He tears apart his sandwich bit by bit as Pepper eats. He feels okay here, at peace. Something he hasn’t had near Pepper in a long while now. She’s gravity, just like she always has been, able to corral him just by existing near enough to him to draw him in.
Tony doesn’t unlock the door. Well, for a while, at least. FRIDAY doesn’t say how long Steve actually stays out there for, and Tony doesn’t ask because he’s learning that either answer will sting him in some way: the sting of hurt he feels when Steve can’t respect even Tony’s simplest of wishes up against the sting of desertion he feels when Steve does respect those wishes. So he doesn’t ask, and he goes through SI paperwork he’s sorely behind on, and makes a mental note to slip another small bundle of money into Pepper’s bank account. (Back in the day he’d just give her another raise but she’s CEO now and that’s not quite how it works.)
“Hill was right,” Tony says, and hates himself for making this call because there’s a chance, there’s a chance someone was still in there, still trapped. But he remembers the skin torn to shreds, how pained Wanda sounded when she was in its head. And this way, nobody else has to make the call. “Once a person’s infected they’re effectively dead.”
“You’re just as—” It’s actually visible; Tony can see Steve twirling an emotion lasso above his head and reigning in his words, feelings, all of it. “You know what? No. I’m not going to
Tony breaks off to breathe, willing his lungs to slow, the fast pace dragging his thought processes in circles. When he makes himself look back to Steve’s face, there’s no anger or impatience. He looks a little sad, maybe, but not like he wants Tony to just spit it out already. Gently, gratefully, Tony’s thumb strokes Steve’s wrist again, and he keeps his eyes locked on Steve’s as he talks, unsure if he’s still being honest or if he’s going to accidentally cross into unfair territory.
“Extend an invitation to Barnes if he doesn’t seem busy,” Tony says. “Tell him I’ve got something for him if he wants to come visit Candyland.”
Not Tony, lying mere feet from a broken beer bottle, gasping like a fish out of water, tear tracks running down his face from every angle, trembling and twisting, gagging in pain.
“You’ve been kinda quiet, man,” Rhodey says after they’ve eaten. And Tony started out pretty strong, lots of banter and easy chatting, but he’s starting to get tired and, yeah, a little queasy. They spent hours working on Rhodey’s legs.
“You think?” Steve asks, head cocked to the side and tone a match for Tony’s. His smile is less smug now and more joy—the kind that makes his eyes sparkle even though he’s not really about to cry. Relief and lightness and curiosity.
“Cap,” Tony calls, “285 degrees.”
“I can’t,” she says. “It’s taking too much concentration to hold him.”
“You didn’t do anything wrong,” Tony forced out, thinking
Sam smiles, genuine and a little smaller than he does in daylight.
“We were finally gonna meet up to talk,” Steve says. “Tony and I. We were supposed to get coffee today.”
Steve was quiet for so long that Tony swallowed his pride and glanced over. Even in the low light, Steve’s eyes were shining, steely blue as the man himself stared at the spot where the wall met the ceiling.
He misses Clint’s reaction if there is one, and then he’s alone on the balcony again. Tony lowers himself a bit by the arms, and then drops onto his butt on the ground. It’s nice out, the evening’s cooling off into nighttime, but the air’s still tacky the way it always is when NYC isn’t frozen. The air passes in and out of his lungs smoothly, and he’s fine, he really is. He also knows that he won’t be okay if he goes back in there, if he has to spend one more minute with somebody in a suit or a gown.
Finally, he’s got a good dozen baseline tests under his belt and the new machine assembled—and damn, he’s going to have to come up with a name for it, isn’t he—and it gets a little easier to breathe.
“Walt reminds me a little of Obie,” Tony says at one point, surprising even himself. Obie’s not someone he talks about most of the time. There were a couple of instances, right after he went public as Iron Man, with Rhodey or Pepper or, once, at his dad’s grave, when he was first trying to make sense of the betrayal in his own head, working through it, still processing as he stood there in the mud upstate. Never with the Avengers, though, or any member of the public. Hell, thanks to Coulson, the general population still thinks Obie died suddenly in a plane crash, and that Tony misses him dearly as a father figure. Really, he doesn’t recall ever having said the man’s name in front of Steve before. There’s a brief pause before Steve replies.
—and keeps him at arm’s length, literally.
It’s probably a defense mechanism, Tony thinks. If they put their kids in human skin, a human will be much more hesitant to kill them. It’s sick, but good strategy.
him still, just a little, which he feels a little weird about, though that doesn’t stop him from pulling the pillow Steve’d used last night to his chest and taking another deep breath. (At least, he reasons to himself, he didn’t stick his entire face into the pillow. Small victories in self-respect.)
He picks up a tablet after that, and checks in on some things, takes inventory of others. He’s not going to be able to do much of anything until he makes a to-do list, figures out his priorities. There are a couple backup armors here at the compound, but he’s down one fully functioning suit now, and that never sits right with him. He doesn’t think he’ll have to scrap it completely, but he won’t know until it’s opened up in front of him. And he’s going to have to send out a memo to the team, he thinks, have them run diagnostics and checks on their own equipment so he can start getting that fixed. Most of them are pretty self-sufficient with their own gear, but there’s got to be at least a couple things that need replacing after that battle.
“Anyway!” he says and, shit, all this awareness is going to be really bad for him when it’s not saving his life, he’s pretty sure. He can sense Thor’s tenseness, Clint’s wariness, Sam’s pinched expression, Vision’s steady, imposing presence, Bucky’s eyes tracking him expertly. Tony gathers his dishes, tosses his plate in the sink, refills the mug.
So he spends that first night lounging in his bed, full of warm pork chili, getting himself caught up on what happened while he was out of it. He reviews the footage of the debrief (the aliens apparently just…left, after that entire fight, they just up and left like it never even happened), reviewing the reports (Clint’s internal injuries, Scott’s dislocated shoulder, Natasha’s near collapse after failing to get herself checked out, Steve’s own absolutely torn up back from being skipped like a stone across the concrete), and the general goings-on of the compound (mainly the fact that Bucky’s creeping around the premises). It’s hardly news that he doesn’t get any sleep. There’s a surprising amount of information to go through considering it’s been a couple of days (three days, actually; Extremis really struggled to get going for a while there), but he thinks he gets the general picture eventually.
Steve nods. He can feel Natasha’s eyes on him from where she’s sitting.
Bruce doesn’t exactly shrink under her gaze, but his shoulders do hunch. He twirls his glasses around by the end for a moment, and then looks up to meet Pepper’s eyes, and then behind her to briefly look at Steve. His eyebrows rise and fall in a gesture that reads to Steve as ‘fuck it.’
friends,” Steve says.
He and Scott get to talking after that, and it’s so easy. The guy has some ideas for new training simulators that sound fun. They shit talk each other’s sports teams with all the heat of people who love where they’re from but don’t give a shit about sports, laughing at themselves more than each other.
“Awesome,” Scott says.
“That’s a vast oversimplification of the process,” Tony says, eyebrows raised, “but yes.”
“Of course,” Bucky says slowly, eyebrow raised.
“Okay,” Natasha said. “We can just be quiet. Talk a little?” Tony hummed at her. He’d been having a good time before things got excessive. Maybe she’d noticed.
as Steve’s been calling them, along with a rotation for a chairperson who will run the meetings).
“Whatever,” Tony says. “It’s a good idea anyway.”
Steve nodded, eyes wandering and expression thoughtful. Tony made his way into the kitchen and Steve followed. Steve ended up leaning against the counter while Tony rummaged idly through the fridge. Hot chocolate sounded good but also like a lot of work. He also knew from experience that if he didn’t eat something sugary now he’d feel hungover in the morning.
“—Wanda’s off the team,” Steve says, “I’ll talk to her—”
The thing is that he’s not tired. Or, his body’s not tired. Neither is his brain, exactly. His thoughts go in straight lines and his eyes don’t cross when he’s trying to read. So his brain is functioning and his body is downright thriving despite the lack of rest, but the longer it goes on the more…distressed Tony gets. Extremis may have given a tuneup to his physical body, but there are still some bugs in his brain chemistry, or the neural pathways are just that ingrained, because even the program doesn’t stop the anxiety and mania and disquiet from creeping up on him.
“Jesus…” Tony mutters. Then, louder, “I’m trying to stop pissing her off, actually, thanks!”
—and, well, what-if’s are bad for me, I always get a little—”
“We have time,” Tony says with as much nonchalance as he can conjure, a friendly reminder to the both of them.
Steve looks around the group again, and then down the hall.
“Not directly,” Tony says, “but I’d bet you any three of my armors that this is his bullshit to clean up.”
“How long has he been back here?” Steve asks, methodically moving his eyes over the rest of Tony’s body, cataloging the small cuts and abrasions.
and he feels safe.
Tony types,
Buck,” Steve says, and Tony lets his attention drift.
has very little to do with it,” Tony says, shrugging in a way that feels almost cruel. “There’s room enough at the compound for anyone who doesn’t want to be an active member of this team. Rules apply to active members only, of course. If at any point you wanna quit—poof, no more therapy needed.” And then, because he feels like he needs to spell everything out carefully here, lest assumptions be made, “Though, even if you quit, the choice of therapy isn’t retracted. Nobody is obligated to earn room and board, just so that’s clear here.”
“Yeah?” Steve whispered.
Tony doesn’t say.
“God, you sound like Ms. Potts—fine, fine, I’ll come hang out more. If you bring the fingernail polish, I’ll bring the popcorn machine. We can braid each other’s hair and gossip.”
“Steve,” Tony says, cutting him off. Then, to Clint, “If someone had come to the compound, joined the team, with the same attitude towards Wanda as she had towards me, would it have been a point of discussion?”
Tony grins, drops his shoulders down. “Clint probably knows.”
“Actually, I’m pretty sure you woulda just punched me if I asked you anything like that,” Steve says. Tony shrugs so that Steve can feel it, and he falls silent until they get out the south door, down the corridor, outside where Steve retrieves the car, and out of the city. It’s somewhere passed Kingston but before Albany that Tony takes a deep breath. The speed limit up here is 55mph, and even though Steve’s speeding a fair amount, the roads up here are winding and there aren’t streetlights for the most part. The drive to the compound takes a good while, especially after dark. (And of course Steve heard “home" and interpreted it as “the compound,” but not even Tony’s quite sure what he meant when he said it, so he’s not going to make a fuss.)
“No,” Tony says quickly, before Steve can start another half sentence or dig them any deeper into this conversation Tony doesn’t even want to be having. “All I know is what you did.”
They could probably say that about any of us, Steve decides. That they’re unstable, just a bunch of suicidal assholes. That thought, strangely, doesn’t make him feel any better.
“I don’t give a shit where you are next year or what aliens are invading,” Tony says. “You know I can track this phone, right? Not a force on this earth will stop your hundredth birthday bash.”
Steve’s still frowning, though, and his eyes dart around the workshop before settling to the left. He starts walking so determinedly and so quickly that Tony’s system gets another tiny shock of adrenaline. He tracks Steve across the room to a cabinet where he pulls out the first aid kit and starts walking toward the cot.
“Captain Rogers,” FRIDAY says, and any thoughts of tragedy are confirmed in Steve’s mind. It feels like his heart is skipping consecutive beats. “If the threat has been handled, the boss could use a hand.”
Tony goes down his mental checklist of Checking In With Peter (which, as it turns out, is marginally different from his original list of Checking In With Teenagers as procured from internet research): greeting (which they kind of skipped over, but he properly introduced Peter to Steve, so he’ll check the box anyway), reassurance, showing interest—ah. Showing interest.
“Tony?” Steve asks, and his voice is sleep-rough, deeper than normal. The relief and sense of pride Tony feels upon hearing it leaves him winded. Clumsily, Steve’s hand flaps around until he catches Tony’s, threading their fingers together so that his palm presses to the back of Tony’s hand.
“I don’t know that one,” he admits.
ridiculously early, in fact, though there’s no way in hell I’m gonna be able to go back to sleep. On the bright side, if I get up now I might actually get some work done.”
“I thought it was obviously your job to be doing that for all of us,” Steve whispers. He sounds almost choked up, but Tony can’t bring himself to look over again. “You were the one with all the money, and all the right connections, and this huge company. Anything less and I’m so sure I would’ve—thought you weren’t pulling your weight.”
The scorn and contempt his six-month-ago self would be giving him if they met; the look of awe his ten-year-old self would shoot up at him, desperate and hopeful. He feels every version of himself up until this point staring at him, at who he apparently is now. It’s not a bad feeling, necessarily, but it’s sure as hell heavy.
“Oh,” Loki says, and falls silent. Tony finally manages to excuse himself from his former professor. “You grew up a pauper, Captain.”
It was as good as any admission.
“Such a splendid compliment, Natasha. I’d be sure to pass it to the Royal Brewer,” Thor said.
“I haven’t seen Tony smile like that on his birthday in years,” Pepper says, settling next to Steve against the bar. Her hair is pulled up, a few strands curling around her face, and she is wearing a lovely navy blue dress. She hands Steve a glass of champagne with a smile. “You did that. Thank you for organizing this for him.”
Loki looks at him for a long heartbeat. Finally, she says, “If I’d known it was this easy to win the Avengers over, I would have orchestrated a rescue much earlier.” She straightens from where she leans against the wall and drains the last of her champagne. “Go back to Tony’s side, Captain. More than anyone else, he’ll want you there.”
“Steve,” he corrects. “You didn’t have a cell phone and JARVIS didn’t have a way of contacting you directly, so we slipped invitations to your last known locations instead.” Loki looks at him, still waiting, and finally Steve says, “Because Tony considers you his friend. He’d be happy to know you’re here.”
“You don’t have to do this, Thor,” Bruce said after spinning the wheel. It had landed on black and Thor had picked up a small black jelly bean among all the black ones that looked and smelled exactly the same. The taste, however, would be another story.
“Peter!” Jessica yelled, “Calm the hell down.”
that?” Tony asked, raising one of his sharply trimmed eyebrows.
“If I had my frequency disruptors I could deal with them…” Tony muttered to himself.
“Your friends are over there, Steve. Your friends.” Tony pointed to the stasis tubes. “Do you see them?”
Steve didn’t know how to feel at that point, he thought Bucky was dead; in fact he was sure of it. He’d been living this last month trying to grieve over him, and now he was there, right in the flesh. He could feel that light grip, that faint whiff of bubble-gum, the brown haired boy looked like he’d never been to war – the beloved mascot, looking so pristine and well. That was all Steve wanted.
“You’re okay, aren’t you. You’re okay… You know who I am, Steve, you’re getting better!” He almost yelled.
Luke did the same as before, but this time climbing up the robots dead leg to reach a higher up panel, exposing he raw already sizzling circuits. This time it was Danny’s turn; he drew back and gave the bot a solid punch to the chest, sending it crashing down to the ground on its back.
“That’s… The full line, the whole ‘I’ve been expecting you, Mr. Bond’. Which by the way is extremely flattering, I know I’m as suave as 007 himself.” Tony tipped his cap and smirked a crooked yet oddly comfortable smirk, meanwhile Steve was behind him still trying to figure out what exactly was in front of him rather than paying much mind to Tony’s antics.
How could anyone love someone that looked like that, particularly the man that he loved the most. Although he was sure that vanity wasn’t what attracted Tony to Steve, there were doubts in his mind that would return now and then. But if he was a creature locked in quarantine how could anyone ever love that? There was an entire world outside that box and what was to say that Tony wouldn’t one day step away and move on, leaving Steve there forever.
Steve was satisfied when he met the dark blue “That’s it.” It was more encouraging; he bit his lower lip and continued to pound into the man, wanting to pleasure him as much as he could. “Come for me.” He whispered.
For a second he could’ve sworn he felt Steve move, but he knew that he was still under the coma, perhaps it was wishful thinking. He pulled his lips back, but remained not even an inch away, huffing with relief, smiling for the first time in days.
“Where’s the park then, lead the way.”
The next thing he remembered was slipping into the ice cold waters, his eyes open as the darkness slowly enveloped him. He saw the light from the surface and reached for it desperately, his lungs filling with water, the drumming of his heart in his ears as the light slipped further and further away. Then he had woken up to see a man with a metal helmet looming over him and staring through two slits, bright blue eyes that were the first thing he saw, then hearing his muffled voice begin to clear, that smooth low tone. Then the events that followed – all of the adventures with the Avengers, alongside them, even by himself and the return of his beloved companion having been brainwashed and it was that very memory that made his eyes shoot open.
That small knock caused a chain reaction, causing the mound of pillows to fall on the two.
Now, Tony thought of how he
Tony took a deep breath, mustering up as much courage as he could. Already, he hated the fact that he had to drag Steve back down into the medical bay for a re-test, knowing for well the apprehension and wall of stubbornness that he was about to face.
“Anyone hear me?”
Tony pulled back from the kiss and stared up at Steve, letting the dim moonlight from outside light his room, allowing him to admire the silhouette of Steve, sharp features outlined by that thin blue shine. He was stunning.
Tony explained quickly. “Zola captured and chained Steve to this huge table, and he kept injecting him with sedatives. That’s my best guess, though…the discharge was black. I figured it must’ve been the repercussion of Zola-brand sedatives.” He shuddered for a moment.
It wasn’t too long until he finally approached the tall building that he had been searching for; the NYPD headquarters. It was as majestic as he had dreamed it would be. Huge steps lay before him up toward the massive mahogany doors that were clearly years old, two huge round lamps either side of the entrance with concrete sculptures holding them up. He had to stop for a moment just to stare and take it all in, his smile widening from ear to ear as he watched his new co-workers walk in and out through the doors that hardly had a chance to close properly before someone moved between them.
Tony could feel his heart drumming again with anxiety when he stepped closer, glancing at Steve who was lying on his mattress clutching his stomach, groaning loudly, writhing with pain. His skin had paled completely and now looked as white a snow, matching his paler eyes which he could only describe as a haunting icy blue.
“You didn’t let me finish my story; that’s the thing with you Stark, you’re always so quick to jump the GUN. Once a famous weapons dealer, turned robotics engineer. You could have had so much potential, you could have built robots to change the world, and instead you leave that in my much more capable hands. Your schematics were certainly a fun read, but my modifications prove that I am truly superior…”
“He’s just shooting energy!” Tony grabbed Steve and pushed him to one side, throwing his weight into the shove so he too fell down to one side. The cop gasped with surprised, falling down but scrambling to his feet almost instantly.
“Silence, simpleton!” Doom yelled at Tony, shooting a beam of electricity his way.
The moment that Tony stepped away the warmth was lost in his arms, feeling the man skim against his wings as took his steps back and then eventually fell on the bed due to his injury. His wings slumped slightly, already missing him being so close.
He was starting to lose hope.
Steve wasn’t about to sit there and let someone who he was trying to help literally throw him about. He pushed himself off the wall and grabbed Tony’s arm again.
“Steve?”
“Cap!” Bucky reached for him.
He knew what he was looking at. The device Reed had protected with the lasers was a dimensional mirror, allowing one to see into any dimension they so chose. All Tony had to do was to input his desired criteria, and the results would appear in front of him. His attention pulled to a computer screen just beside the mirror and that was where Tony began his work. He wanted someone strong, loyal…no,
The mud was mucky, thick and heavy, with rocks buried into it that joined the pile they made, damp with the rain that must’ve recently fallen. “You do this for everyone?” Tony asked.
Everything was set up and in place within the next few hours. The others had been working hard on finding the correct chemical composition that would be compatible with Steve’s system, while Tony worked on a new bot to administer the new sedative. Once the elaborate set up was complete, Tony kept his eyes on the man labelled ‘patient zero’ by the systems that Reed had programmed.
Immediately he focused on the dark blue eyes that stared at him, the man that stood at the edge of the bed in a strange black uniform with white straps. The blur cleared into a distinct image after time. “Where am I?! Who are you?”
“O-oh sorry!” Steve held up both of his hands as a commuter brushed by his large shoulders. That was the problem with being so big, especially in a city that was mostly crowded; it wasn’t particularly easy to maneuver around without smacking someone in the face.
“What do you think is behind this, Tony?” Steve asked, looking up. Tony stood in the centre of the round table, where a hole had been cut for him to access his screens. Holographic monitors surrounded him and he tapped from one to the other, blue orbs darting back and forth quickly, lit by the cyan screens.
“Looking good, Cap.”
Peter raised his arm and shot some webbing over the rooftops that shrouded the alleyway in an attempt to create a canopy to shield them from the lights that came their way, as if that would help, but desperate times called for desperate measures. The webs weaved to cloak them in shadow as Jessica tugged at Tony’s arm to guide him away, but he was far too focused on Carol. He knew that buzzing in her eye wasn’t just a coincidence, there was a trigger, and perhaps her viewing the chip that they had taken out had been that very trigger. That just proved another point to him, that these augmentations weren’t just tracking people, they were being used as Big Brother.
His eyes turned to JARVIS and the dog made a small nod, as though he knew what Steve had his eyes on.
SYSTEM SHUTTING DOWN
“Remember who you are… Bucky…” he whispered out loud, his eyes becoming slightly teary as he shuddered in pain.
Steve scoffed and turned his head toward it, giving Tony the thumbs up. He took long, slow strides with his hands behind his back for the time being, wanting to take in everything as per his natural habit, but upon realising that there was indeed, not much to take in, he felt his chest weigh heavier. There wasn’t an ounce or trace of colour in the room asides from what lay over his body.
“It’s special, just keep it, will you?” He said.
“No! No we’ve gotta help them! Tony, we
“H-help… I... I can’t..!” He tried to move his hands before his eyes lit up again, letting out a loud pained scream whilst he grabbed Tony to his chest, pulling him into his arms and activating the jets on his boots – holding Tony above him and using his body to crash through the floors above him. He pummelled through not only one floor but the next three, smashing his body through each ceiling until he reached the ultimate top floor, throwing the limp armoured body to one side, sending him crashing into a bookcase that fell onto his body, even as Tony feebly tried to his best to hold up his arms to stop it. It was too late; the bookshelf fell hard on his body, the dents in his armour encasing him tight in the metal cocoon.
Steve adjusted his posture, gulping down the remaining water before tossing the cup into the nearby trashcan and straightening out his uniform.
Tony tried to catch Peter up a bit and walk side by side rather than behind him, but whenever he did the boy would pick up his pace and ensure that he was ahead.
Tony wanted to etch this moment into his own memory, forever.
Panic stricken Tony had no choice, he had to grab his arms and yank him away, trying to throw him back but not with the extreme force he would usually use. He pushed and winced, trying to get Steve off before giving him that very shove and darting toward the door.
Steve paced slowly after his bitter win over the two fallen robots. Both lay in heaps of metal scraps, now scattered over the floor. Tony could feel the tension that the two men behind him were projecting; it was a nail-biting moment, especially since Hank had sounded
“Oh god…!” Tony blurted out, placing his hands over the reactor and then falling on top of him, mourning the super soldier’s dependency on technology. Steve stood for the old fashioned American way, but now it was all stripped away from him, because of a single incident. Tony could feel Steve breathe in deeply, realising that after snapping out of it, that this must’ve been the first time that he too had seen what had happened to him. He’d lost his arms and legs, and the left side of his chest down to his abdomen was covered in a plate embedded into the remaining skin and of course, the reactor. He clenched his jaw tightly as Steve met his eyes again, giving him a brush along the nape of his neck with those cold, thin metal fingers.
Tony’s hands ran over his throat, just smoothing over the bump of his Adams Apple where he felt a huge gulp that must have sounded obnoxiously loud. Reeds hand reached to press his palm against Tony’s back, holding him, preventing him from falling back further.
Cinderella.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Don’t be funny, come on.”
When he raised his leg, the mechanics moved accordingly. It was fascinating to a degree but also daunting. With the overwhelming sense of confusion flooding his mind, all he could think about was how his life had changed from this moment onward, how he would never be the same. There he was in the past rejecting some of Tony’s suits, and now he had no choice but to embrace what was now part of him. Of course there was an underlying resentment, but it was certainly not Tony’s fault – it was the Purple Man and Hammer. It wasn’t like he had time to dwell on it, but Steve gave Tony the benefit of the doubt. He knew that Tony wouldn’t have gone this far if he didn’t see a need to.
Tears welled in his eyes, partially with rage but mainly sadness; it had been the first time in a year that Tony Stark felt close to crying. It was bittersweet, to be reminded he was still human.
ways of bringing down mankind with my creations, Steve Rogers.”
The pain he’d felt as he shot Steve, as he saw those steely eyes face him, a mask of resigned fury on his face, lingered. That pain had been what had drawn Tony here…to do this.
The Captain dug his own heels in, barging the armour back. “How did it survive that hit through the chest earlier!?” Steve asked, noting down the huge hole in the armour that was healing itself with wires that weaved in the inner workings of it. It was no longer a suit; it was attempting to build a body, to become real, just as Tony had seen before.
“There’s a sterilising shower to the corner, whenever you need to use it just press the button and we’ll make sure that this screen is shut down. Don’t want anyone spying on Cap in the shower now do we?” Tony said, using the comm-system that projected into the room via microphone to speakers that were set up in the inner lining of the wall.
“With the use of my holo-shield, this defeats the point.” Tony smirked, a crooked spread of lips.
“No!! You dirty bastard! I’ll get you Norman! There’s no running away!”
“Got this one!” Tony shouted at a bot coming Steve’s way. With a powerful punch landed square on the bots metaphorical nose, it crashed to the ground.
“Filled with my stuff, huh?”
“What just happened?” Tony asked.
“From him… From everything.” He blurted out.
Steve ran behind him and started batting at the tails of the long trench coat, trying to put out the flames, that was seconds before—
“This should’ve all been done way earlier.” Luke frowned. “Put mine up two weeks ago, Stark.”
The most important thing about that entire moment was that
Tony kept his arms around Steve’s strong frame, trying to keep calm, taking deep breaths to steady himself, he was caught up in Steve’s pain and could practically feel it. With each ear-piercing yell that Steve let out echoing his broken tone Tony felt closer pushed to the brink of tears.
Tony decided to keep his eyes set on the floor, “What about you? Patrolling?”
“You were brainwashed… That’s why your head was hurting, there was a chip…” His hand reached behind Steve’s neck and lightly touched his fingertips to his neck, just over the wound but not touching it enough to cause him pain again. “…Here.”
The further he was lifted, the frailer his body felt.
“W-what!?” Killgrave couldn’t believe his eyes. He couldn’t believe that his perfect plan was falling apart right in front of him.
“Who goes there!” He yelled, knowing for well it was Steve, but he was never one to pass up the role-play.
his fist making impact earlier, he could
“You’re so eager…”
what I wanted to do. I’d had enough of sitting behind a desk, you see, I used to read this comic book about a guy in stars and stripes and he would always stand up for what he believed in, so I took his motto and decided to fight for liberty and justice.”
“Director!”
Tony fell silent like a child that had just been told off. “No…”
“I wasn’t in an explosion.” Peter clarified as he hopped down, crouching initially before standing and lifting up his mask; finally Tony was allowed to see the boy who had grown since then. He was hardly a boy, he was a man, he was before the accident but Tony didn’t want to admit the child that he saw as his own had grown so much; it made him feel old. But Peter was the boy that he trusted, even throughout the war. Even after that mishap, he’d still trusted him. It was painful after that, but eventually relationships were mended after time.
“I kissed you…” He whispered out loud.
“We wanted to use reactor technology to save others, but it appears that yours is the last of it. All in all, this brain disease is affecting nations world wide, people, everyone. The only way to prevent it all seems to be a little chip in your mind. The augmentations you were given were to help with your loss of limbs, since you seemed to be right in the line of fire during the first explosion. Anyone physically impacted was given bionic enhancements you know, especially if they were standing right in front of the damn thing when it went off. That fill you in enough?”
“How?” He asked. Magic was never an explanation, even though he’d experienced it first hand with Doctor Strange and Thor being in their team.
“Steve, stay back!” Tony yelled, his boots lighting up on command and soaring toward Victor as quickly as he could, dodging the continuous blasts that were being sent his way.
He couldn’t believe that he was now reliant on Hammer’s tech to function; there was something about it that left a sour taste in his mouth. But he had no time to dwell on the fact that he was using shoddy technology as much as he had re-wired it to his specifications.
“Stop it! No you’re not!”
and they were all waking up around the city.
His own hands moved for the rocks. So much for a perfect manicure that he had gotten just days ago – his hands were gritty, dirt under his nails, broken, calloused and chipped with tiny cuts and bruises along his hands. The tell-tale signs of blisters were riddled along his palms, but he needed to get those rocks off Steve’s legs.
“You claim to be the righteous side, just as terrorists claim to be,” Steve tilted his head in the half mask he was in, his face cupped by the chin piece and underside of the helmet.
Steve wasn’t completely unconscious, he was still there and mumbling gibberish, his arms tightly wrapped around Tony who was having trouble balancing the weight of the man in his arms upon his unstable augmentation. Not to mention Steve had gotten significantly heavier with all of that armour of his. At least that gave Tony more parts to work with; Steve was a super soldier, he didn’t really need armour. He could survive without it which meant Tony could have more material to utilise.
Sitting it out was all he could do at present, walking around down the sewers to see if there was anything of use, and then walking back toward Peter, having not gone far from him. He knew if he decided to scout the area then Peter would probably jump at the chance to leap into action alongside the two ladies, and right now, Tony couldn’t afford to lose the one guy that was providing him intelligence; not that he was going to lose
Tony’s eyes sharply widened, though it shouldn’t have surprised him in the slightest. Of course his augmentations has the ‘Oscorp’ logo and not any of the other ‘evil scientists’ – this whole thing was an Oscorp system. Which begged the question, what happened to everyone else? Tony’s eyes were fixed on the scrollbar as he typed in a couple of commands with Steve observing his movements carefully.
“It’s not going to work…” Tony spoke softly.
“Correct sir.” JARVIS confirmed.
“Proceed, Captain.”
“It appears to be quite severe. Symptoms that it can cause range from flashbacks to the past to ringing in the ears and even blurry vision.”
“Janet’s right,” Clint replied. “I wasn’t too keen on this team thing to start with, but heck, if we can deal with Galactus once I’m sure we can deal with him a second time… Together.”
“I don’t Steve, what are you talking about if you’re not talking about the Avengers?” He asked, rubbing his temple with slight frustration. He wasn’t mad at Steve, he was angry at himself for not being able to think of anything else but tragic events in his life, especially when he just wanted to sleep.
After it was installed there was always a strange glitch now and then, where his fingers would move of their own accord, but strangely enough that was a reassuring feeling.
“This has nothing to do with me being new to this era, this is dangerous, and I know danger when I see it.”
Tony’s eyes lit up the moment Steve said his name, “I knew you’d come.” He said, looking down at his action figure and moving the arms up and down before hugging it close to his chest, “Are you here to save me?”
“I’ve seen it first hand, the way you used to beseech me for help, when you thought I was just a superhero right? You were a kid…”
Exhale slowly.
“Charge, it needs to charge,” he cursed internally.
Steve gave him a nod, once again biting his lower lip. He wasn’t nervous, not with Tony’s reassuring attitude, but he wanted this to be perfect.  He very carefully unzipped his trousers and slid out of them, resuming his position on his knees between Tony’s legs this time, leaning closer to blanket him once more, stealing his lips for another deep, loving kiss. This time Tony let his mouth relax, and he could’ve sworn he could taste apple pie in the sweet Captain’s lips.
“Well considering that you seem to magic doctorates out of thin air…”
Bar lights illuminated the way, lighting up at each step he took into the chasms of Reed’s ‘
Tony gave Steve a nudge again, his mood lifting. “Does that mean you’re going to build one for me? You’re an Iron Man fan, clearly. Don’t think I didn’t see those Iron Man boxers in the laundry room back in the mansion.”
Since the moment that he’d seen him he’d been drawn to him. At first, he wanted to say it was curiosity, but now he was second guessing himself, falling quiet as he sat in the car next to Tony. He bit the inside of his lip and looked out of the window at the passing sights, not really paying much mind to Tony’s antics when they’d reached a halt.
“By whom!?” The booming voice queried.
Iron Man did as instructed, pulling Steve into his into his one good arm in a surprisingly firm grip, feeling him squirm and wriggle around trying to free himself but the tight shards of metal jutting into him constricted his every move. At least this would save him time; Steve was definitely not down and out for the count.
“True words of inspiration from my one and only.” Tony turned to him and winked.
Walking out and shooting a glare at the crowd, he took heavy steps into the busy city. Though just like when he had first walked outside he saw that people were walking in packs rather than by themselves. They seemed to move in groups in a synchronised fashion and again crowded in front of televisions that were playing another presidential announcement. This time the screen was showing footage from the battle the night before; with Carol going berserk with the message ‘Superheroes go rogue, beware’ on a scrollbar underneath the video footage.
“Deactivate!” He barked. “Shut down! Cease! Terminate program!”
Some days are harder than others.
Just the mere mention of his name on Tony’s lips, so weak and faint made him tremble with sorrow. But he was so brave and strong at the same time, trying so hard to speak.
“I get it.” Steve chuckled, smiling broadly with his deep set dimples on show.
A mass of rubble had managed to pile on top of Steve during the fall, probably when the strength of the explosion was so powerful that Tony was knocked away from Steve – but clearly he had helped protect him somehow – if Tony hadn’t thrown himself and his weight on him Steve wouldn’t have been on the ground. The shifts and falls of rubble must have been an after effect when Tony was unconscious – pushing them slightly away from each other only after the explosion from after-shocks from the building. That’s why there was rubble between Steve and Tony.
Steve likes to believe he’s a man of faith. Not in God necessarily, though that’s how he was raised. His faith is in people—and in his team more than most. He believes in them, trusts them with his life, but he’ll admit he was nearing the end of his rope before Thor came back, Brood Queen scuttling along at his side.
“Rogers…” He’s wary of this, of Steve, helping, pretending nothing’s wrong, but he doesn’t know what the fuck he’s supposed to say, and neither does Steve.
Tony, personally, can’t keep in the laughter that explodes from his chest. Steve looks downright torn for another moment before the smile comes back with a shake of his head. Maybe it’s a little forced, but that’s what he gets for eavesdropping on someone else’s phone conversations.
“You can’t keep doing this!” Tony yells.
“God forbid,” Rhodey says. His smile drops slightly, expression turning thoughtful as he considers Tony.
The feeling of Steve’s laughter underneath Tony’s fingertips feels like a wholly different kind of karmic retribution. He settles back into the couch feeling at home for the first time since…at least before Ultron.
“God, I’ve missed you.”
“That's not how it works," he says, “and you know it.”
“What is it?” Steve asks, and it’s the young, vulnerable Steve. The one who doesn’t have a clue what he’s doing, the one in a body too big and in a world too chaotic, trying so very hard to be an anchor.
He lets the sentence die, unsure how to end it, how to convey his need for her forgiveness. He doesn’t know what he’s supposed to be apologizing for. Should he be apologizing?
“So,” Pepper says as they return to their seats to wait for the food. “What’s going on?”
He’s pretty sure that Steve, despite everything, wouldn’t be that. Then again, maybe he’s tricking himself. Maybe Steve would tear him apart.
“Just,” Tony says, and jerks this thumb toward his own door. He clears his throat. “Grabbing some sweats and then I’ll—your room?”
He let him die.
“I don’t know what you are, but you don’t know me, or Tony!” He yelled. “And you’re not funny either! Then again, Tony wasn’t the funny one in the group. We all know that it was me and Danny that were the funniest.”
“Bucky, drop!” He yelled as loud as he could, watching the boy fly further and further away from him.
Again, Killgrave looked far from impressed, but he needed Hammer to help him with his own machine so he let it slide. He could easily just take him over and force him to work with him, but their alliance was willing… For now.
Janet smirked at the others before shrinking again and flying up to Steve, sitting on his shoulder while he and Tony led the way. She wanted to spill the beans, but she’d let the two heroes do that themselves, even though the rest of the team knew from day one that they would hit it off. Their history was unparalleled, and they had become the backbones of the team. Janet was proud to call them her teammates.
“Steve, stop!” Tony shouted, trying to latch himself onto Steve’s armour. He didn’t know why the man was intent on hurting the others but he needed to save his friends, while he still had them. The state of Carol was already critical from mere observation, the last thing he needed was for Peter to get hurt. Although he now knew where the hospital was the supplies in there were scarce and already probably used up.
“He did stop breathing when I was there, I mean, I think he did but that’s impossible.” Tony said, trying not to give too much away.
Rhodey’s attention turned to Tony, reaching out his arm, only for Pepper to place her hand gently over it.
“Don’t talk about how half of our team just flew out of the window because I’m already thinking how much it’s going to cost to repair. I may be a billionaire, but come on.”
“You know what, let’s not go to NYC, we’ll go there later. We’ll head down to New Orleans now – one of America’s biggest World War II collections are there, it’ll be easier to catch you up.” He gestured to the pilot and gave him the orders, with Steve left a little confused and dumbfounded at the idea that most of the objects from his age were now artefacts in a museum.
The dust filled their lungs and made Peter hack; Tony too, once he tasted what seemed to be moss with a hint of copper in his mouth. Nonetheless, after that small distraction he brushed back Peter’s brown tufts of hair that covered the back of his skull. Tony narrowed his eyes and saw the stiches, right then he knew he’d have to cut it open. “This might hurt.”
It didn’t surprise Peter that Tony stared at the man before him, jaw agape. But to the young man, this wasn’t Steve standing in front of him; this was a cyborg that was feared amongst the city that just so happened to incorporate the best traits of their once leader into its design.
“Thanks Robin Hood…” Luke replied, running to try and pry off the edges of the metal sheet off one of the bot’s legs, while he could. At least if he could expose the circuitry then they’d be able to disable it from walking around the city and causing more damage.
Her heart began to race, but her collected appearance gave nothing away. He had once been in a close relationship with her, and with everything they had been through she knew this was a personal battle. “I’ll deal with him.”
“I wonder what happens to them,” Tony said.
“Here here.” Matt chimes in, stood by the counter helping Janet out with the eggnog. Of course he’s dressed in one of his many absurdly garish Christmas sweaters with woollen decorations on it, along with the knitted slogan “I’m not Daredevil” in large letters across it.
Tony’s eyes widened as Steve ran in, coming up from behind and punching Batroc square across the face. The first thing that he’d seen from a distance was the way that he’d thrown Tony into that wall, and Steve was
He wriggled a bit while Steve decided to hook his arms under both of Tony’s legs after he was done kissing him. “I know… But it’s more coming from you. So much more, Winghead.”
There wasn’t just one robot – there were
“Well I suppose it’s trying to—you know, while some sort of blood flows, there’s some sort of function and—“
Steve stopped and stared in awe for a moment, taking in the sight. This wasn’t just a pillow fort, this was a pillow castle with everyone’s sheets, blankets and pillows all positioned carefully to make a structure that actually resembled a castle. It was huge, proud, well thought out and of course was the brainchild of none other than Tony Stark.
“Back with T’Challa, safe. There are boats and a nearby safe-house just by the state borders,” Carol said. “They were injured, so you have us helping you out now, Cap.”
Tony had a plan, connecting JARVIS’ hacking ability to MODOK – maybe he could disable his chair completely and render him useless, all they had to do was attach his wire from behind. Tony glanced up at Steve, and the cop got the hint, not knowing exactly what Tony had planned but knowing he needed a distraction. So what he did was shoot a couple of pieces he saw.
Then the armour emitted a loud sound emulating the sound of guns, old guns. It knew, of course it knew, it had been in Tony’s mind all this time. The sound of bullets echoed through its speakers and it made him flash back to when he was on the field, racing through his memories, the nights he spent trying to keep his friends and innocent civilians alive by fighting over and over for them. Then the rocket, but instead of seeing Bucky he could hear Tony’s voice from the time in the lab –
Tony looked at Steve pleadingly, but as he was raised closer to his father that Steve spotted Tony’s small little wings. They were grey in colour which was highly unusual for a young angel, and they flapped violently as Howard spat nothing but verbal abuse at him, dropping him back to the floor after a torrent of insults. Steve stared helplessly, “Stop, stop it damn it!!” He yelled, the lights flickering as he yelled louder. He couldn’t bear to see Tony being abused like this, he hated bullies, he hated them with every bone in his body.
But there was something more.
“You know, the thought crossed my mind but I dismissed it since he actually seemed as though he wanted to help. But you know as well as I do that he doesn’t help people out if there isn’t a price tag attached to it. It started with the rich customers but then he started offering his services to the public and you know, I’m no business student but…”
“Tony!” Steve yelled, but luckily the device kicked in, the electrical pulses forcing the car to skid to a sudden halt. Steve slammed on the brakes and his car screeched to a stop. Now the bad guy swung his car door open and began to run out; surprisingly, he was quick on his feet.
situation but it’s far from a
“I can’t just magically make myself believe you, I’ve got beliefs too and angels aren’t one of them.” He said stubbornly, though internally he was heartbroken to say such a thing and watch Steve’s ‘wings’ malt because of him. Steve shouldn’t have expected any less of him. His wings shuddered again and another feather fell, this time Tony saw it appear and then disappear again. He squinted further and he could see the wings that were wrapped around him.
Darkened loomed thickly over the Avengers mansion ominously, heavy with rain but only allowing spits to sprinkle over the city. It was that time where day was merging into night, not that anyone could really tell given how the clouds had masked the rays of the setting sun, quilting the above and plunging the city into a premature evening. The lights in the city were turned on, and yet it seemed so void of life. For New York City to have its inhabitants scurry toward shelter was a rather spectacle, and it left the streets bare, with only one or two civilians running underneath their umbrellas to seek warmth and somewhere dry.
Tony stared at the door and smiled at the sturdy voice that resounded from behind it. “You shouldn’t call me that any more, Captain. I resigned. Too much paperwork, not enough field work. Besides, after the whole incident with the armour it’s shown me where my real duties are, and that’s here with the people.”
“Ours it is. We’ll keep it safe.”
“I can try…” There was caution in his voice, his eyebrows furrowed with concentration.
“We’re going to meet the others in Central Park, well, those who have radio contact,” he explained before Tony shoved the bar of food in front of him. Without so much as glancing up at Tony to question it, he bit down on the half chewed bar, needing the food more than he thought he did.
Tony’s teeth began to grind together and he pressed his ear against the star shaped light, hearing the soft buzz that now replaced a heartbeat. His hands reached up and laced with Steve’s, feeling a need to be close to him, needing to hear him, to just be by his warmth. It was comforting just having him there, no matter what state he was in. Steve was his rudder, he always would be.
He shut his eyes, the images of the light disappearing and blackness befalling him.
“No, Steve, listen. You’re Steve Rogers, just a second ago you gave me mouth to mouth and punched me then hugged me; okay, that may not make sense, but this isn’t you. You’re not going to kill me!”
There were figures standing all clustered amongst themselves, and both Steve and Tony’s hearts lit with glee and renewed hope. The Avengers were, and always would be, the light in even the darkest situations. As they neared, step-by-step, the images of their friends became clear; Thor, Vision, Carol and Clint stood by the others, twiddling with the tips of one of his arrows, and it wasn’t long before Janet flew up to them right on cue with Natasha leaping gracefully over the building tops, and finally into the park. They all looked worse for wear, having fought their respective villain and all with clear burn holes and singes on their uniforms, which were yet another clear indication that they’d all been caught blasts.
“JARVIS, can you go ahead and get the car from upstairs?”
Steve was shaking and Tony could feel it, especially when he reached his belt buckle. His hands went for Steve’s, gliding his agile fingers down them. “I can help…” He whispered.
“What’s that? The moat? I know it was an awesome touch. Peter’s room had blue sheets so you know.” Tony’s grin stretched, dimples on show.
Steve had never felt anything like this before. It was taking him to a dark place, pulling him back into his darkest and most tragic memories back in the war. His body quaked, trying to fight it. His trance was blurred when he heard Tony yelp out in pain, his hand inching over, slowly toward Tony’s and grabbing it as tightly as he could. His fingers trailed along Tony’s calloused hand, along his knuckles. “We… Can do this… Fight it, Tony!”
The muffled whisper made the armoured man stop in his tracks. “Steve? You’re awake?” He asked with an inflection of hope.
this continuum hoo-hah. It’s a damned mess…”
“Still sir, we’re sorry we can’t.”
when we had reached the mansion, but it had turned out that the materials he wanted were in the basement, and collapsed along with the mansion under the flames of an explosion set there. Hammer’s planted bombs along the city, by the looks of this building, it’s been hit too.”
Tony wretched, trying to move but once more his body wasn’t obeying his thoughts; he was becoming a puppet on strings held by the Purple Man. He wanted to move with all of his might; muscles tensing as he attempted to break through the dark mist that was falling over his eyes. The darkness became thicker and thicker, and at that moment he could feel two of the drones clasp metal cuffs around his arms and drag him back onto one of the factory conveyer belts.
It withdrew its wires from the machines and stepped up to Tony. “Together we will be unstoppable, invincible. Do you not want that, Tony? Do you not want to be invincible and free of the pain and suffering that you have spent your entire life suffering in? I can save you.”
When the medical scanner’s doors opened, T’challa and Tony were there to assist Steve, taking both of his arms as they both exchanged a glance to one another that sent an immediate chill down Steve’s spine, caught in the crossfire of it.
Eating with no other care in the world was bliss.
Tony skated on the road as though he were on a jet-ski, zooming down along with the strange car’s every move. The wind pushed through his jacket and caused it to fly and flap around in the wind, oh the joys of having long clothing. He was about to reach for his hat to keep it on but when he lifted his hand from the bumper he almost flew off course, so he quickly tried to hoist himself onto the back of the car. There really was no time to waste.
“You’re an angel…” Steve said, gesturing to Tony’s wings that slumped down, dragging on the bed as Tony moved his shoulder blades slightly.
After a long pause, a reluctant nod was the response from the blond, pushing back his well-trimmed side-curtained hair and letting a heavy sigh escape his lips. Carefully he drew the man closer and began to tend to each of his bruises, starting with the lower arm and gradually working his way up. Careful, slow, neat wraps along the arm with the occasional flinch from Tony.
The rumble of thunder outside and heavy rain hitting the windows was the only sound that Tony could hear at that moment, his eyes opening again weakly, turning to look at the room. He saw tubes that resembled stasis tubes, spotting Peter inside, Bucky in another, Rhodey, Sam, T’Challa… There were dozens of them, all lining the wall that reached to the peak of the tower. With his mouth agape, his hand weakly crawled over the floor, trying to gesture to them.
Osborn’s eyes shot open, taking a few steps back and trying to activate his emergency systems, trying to call upon his other weapons, but it was too late. Steve leaned his shoulders back, pushed his chest forward and shot a unibeam with all of his might, letting out a mighty bellow, a scream of pure pain, sending Norman thudding back into the wall behind him, charred and burned. The smell of burning hair and singed clothes enveloped the room, but all that ran through Steve’s mind, was that beautiful scent of watermelon and cherries; Tony’s scent.
When he arrived at the tower he ran in, going the exact same way that Tony had shown him just hours ago. Without even thinking, the moment that the elevator doors open he rushed toward Tony and wrapped his arms protectively around him. Tony was taken aback by the huge gesture, staring up at Steve like a deer caught in the headlights. Steve kept his arms curled around him, not willing to let him go until he felt the shaking stop, but it was only then that he realized what exactly he was doing. Slowly he pulled himself back, but kept Tony’s shoulders in each hand, staring at him up and down to make sure that he wasn’t hurt.
He didn’t have time to linger, but as he walked he thought about it. It was difficult to piece everything that had happened together, but he knew for sure that Oscorp was behind it. Passing down streets that had no particular benchmark to determine where he was, he just hoped he was going the right way. Everything looked so similar and it actually made him cringe, especially since it wasn’t his type of classy architecture. It was monotonous and dull and the shapes were boring, even from an amateur design perspective.
